PARIS. (-aor OUR owN coBn?sEoND?NT.) December 30,1871. The Assembly during its daily average sitting of four hours costs the country, in salaries to deputies and officials the sum of one hundred francs per minute. It has been asked to hear this that in mind, as well as another one, that Germany has to be paid three milliards; so as to econe mise time in legislating for the national welfare. Week after week produces its silly debates on puerile matters, over whirth the fractions composing the cham ber lash themselves into fury, exclaiming mae crlpsi after sobriety ensues, at the loss of time. The admission of the Or leanist Princes to the Assembly occupied in negotiation and discussion as much attention as would have sufficed to make the excellent bill for thie publio and com pulsory education the law of the land, but which appears to be as forgotten as the princes themselves. The time con sumed to determine whether a At. I[ano was or was not a criminal communist, would have been ample to discuss the project of army reform andt enablo the people to know if military servico was henceforth to be obligatory. Having been so active in minor matters, the do puties might afford a little industry to those of moment; it is their back.sliding in this respect that is giving force to the ldemnnd of the ultrn-republicans for the election of a new Assembly. lParis is in a sulky moodl because the Rnpresentatives, the "country party" in it tile Assembly, will not consent to resume fe, their dPliberations in the city. It is a in strurelo between the capital and the eI provinces-between the head nod theex- gs tremities. France can never be tranquil. while Paris is discontented, and so open A to the calculations of all pretenders ; H. I Tl'liers con he powerful enough to reject p the proposal for an income tax, but he n cannot bring the legislature back to e Paris. The means for raising the in- 1 'rensed revenue are not yet clearly de- a fined. The President true to economi a views which have never changed since i 18208, repels free trade; hbut protection is n losing ground, and commercial isolation is regarded as the "happy despatch" for I France. M. Thiera has opposed to his s protectionist ideas the soundest heads and rlearest minds ih the country-the same phalanx that has been defeated on the a income tax. Victories like this will he more fatal than discomfiture. In 1760 Rousseau said of French taxation-" he who has little pays much, he who hasa much pays little, but provided the great be content it matters little how the poora live." Matters are not in such a state at present, but there are inequalities that the taxation of income would remove. M. Thiers holds that tite rich are over taxed already, and the wealth of the As sembly naturally repels a project to be further squeezed. There is something wrong when a man has to pay the same dues for selling a quarter of an acre of land as if he disposed of a thousand seres, and if people have to he addition ally taxed it is to meet exceptional de mends. A speech from Af. Thiers is now an event, to condemn him to silence would he to kill him. It is said that rarely does a parliamentary orator win votes by his eloqgnene, but M. Thiers captures them en masse. He has a wheedling manner for pluckinc n mainrity out of an irreso. lute Assembly. He hbs no outbursts of i eloquence where sound might do the duty of sense; he is very small in stature, and no one ever accused him of possessing stentorian lungs; hut his gestures, the clear, penetrating style of his arguments, addressed alike to the reason, prejudices, pride, and humour of his hearers bears down resistance though conveyed in a childish treble. lie never I improvises a speech, he prepares his dis. courses like pages of his Histories. Ho understands his aim end be it right or I wrong marches to it. He has thought I out the means, hence there is no difficulty or ambiguity of expression. For neonrly t halfa century he has filled the publi eye; there is no Vicar of Brayism in his past, he bows to expediency but cherishes i his personal views the more. His pri- p vate life is without a stain, his public c character without reproach. Hoe is a patriot to the hack-bone and never parades his patriotism. He is plucky, for he has fought his duel. He is rich without ostentation ; has no ambition for titles; his desire is to be king among -not of men. Such a character has con. soquently immense weight, and his poll. tical heresies are pardoned if he loves asuch-France. The Minister of Finencc,Ponuyer Qu&er; tier, is a very popular and able man. As a mill owner he is a millionnaire. His jolly rustic look is sufficient to inspire confhlfenie-f It is said lie lives only on claret and' soup with statistics for dessert. After his chief informed the Assembly that the finances ot the nation occupied 70,000 clerks and the adoption of thein come tax would entail- snmething like a similar corps, the Minister of Finance bogged that deputies would not deal with figures; they" only confuaed a debate. Nothing, observed Canning, is more. de ceptive than facts, except fieures, and then ha commenced to deal with them by the fathom, It was a mercy to finish, especially nas the lady spectators were be. coming impatient, and the young depus ties were fidgetty to form the hedge, as at a theatre, to sea the eleeant fair sex depart. M. Ponyer Quertier has offered the " prize for virtue" or will give his in- I fluenco to secure a vacant arm.chair in the Academy, or secure a nominator as minister at a foreign court, with the pri vilege to never quit Paris, as is now the fashion, to any patriot who can point out say article that has escaped untaxed his Arnus eyes. hi. Lachaud, the celebrated lawyer who defended Tonnelet on the charge of killing a German soldier, and which pro duced the recent impolitio despatch from Prince Bismarok, states evidence was ad. duced that his client used the knife When the soldier drew his bayonet :it was a case of self defence. &o.; All this is, how ever, secondary ; Bismarck lias produced an effect contrary to what lie expected. Excitabl nas the French are they have resolved to nurse their wrath. They will not allow their hand to be forced, will assist the tax gatherer to collect the bal ance of the indemnity, will turn the other cheek to be smitten if necessary ; will bow to the seizing of hostages,- butwils organise the country, and when the time comes, when the blast of war will again blow in our ears, they will- - " - imitate the action of the tiger; Stiffen the 'sinews, summon up the blood." This remarkable change in the French character ought to maeo even Germany reflect. There appears to hbe a fresh panio set ting in about the bank, and the silver coin which was reappearing is again re- tiring to its hiding ground. The cause results from the governmental demands on the National Bank, not from any com mercial pressure. The bank hais nearly reached the limit of its legal circulation of paper, and if not empowered by the Assembly to extend it, mast draw on its gold which is being treasured for Berlin. The auxiliary notes, from one to five france, are generally received, the rsil way companies excepted because they trade in the premium on tihe prerions metals. Thie notes in question get very soiled-filthy-after a little wear and tear. Home polities are cnlmer; the pro spects of royalty and imperialism are gettine smanll by degrees. The Legiti mists have thrown up the came, and the Orlennistallro lost it. Thie Duc d'Aumalo is only grent in his chliltean at Chlantilly, where the Prince dseo Toinvillo shnresra an honournble insignifieance, and, following his nantiral habits, prefers a hnmmork to a oed-of down. The Comte do Paris is relieved to be somewhere in France. As for the Tlonnpartislts. their stru?ales for public life are visihly weaker. The country has concluded they represent no political principle, have only been a sad fact, and an adventure in history. ]]onn. pnrtism is vie'wed as revolusionary, has nothing conserved-not even its own existence, which was shipwrecked in full enlm, " Lihke ships that mave gone slown to sean, When heaven was all tranquility," and very nearly sunk France with it. The country will have n more governments Sof expedients, hazard, or oecansicn Th tRrc'blie is caking root, and the nationis feeling the advantage of directly manag. ing its own affairs. I. Thiers devotes eighteen bours daily to labouring at the gooad work. There are several vacancies for the Assembly to be filled up in a few days. The candidates so far are moderate re publicans. Paris han a deputy to nomi nate, and the struggle between the radi cals and rconerrvahses is fierce. The latter Invited Marshal Manmahon to stand, hut, with his acnatonmed honnsty and onod sense, he has declined, assert. lg not onlty bis position as Commander in-Chief was an objerction, hut that a soldier best performs his duty by eschew. ing politics. The radicals have held a series of cancus meetings where the old elements of the Commune rd;-apneared. Victor lngeo seems to be the id,l. Ile subscribes all the conditions required, even to suhmittiog to a proposed Impri sonment if he breaks faith. It is ob jected that h is a Viscount, that he once sung the praises of that " child of a miracle." the Comte do Chambord, and might do so a?ein. As he is " a man of genius that illuminates the universe," observed a speaker, it was presumption to discuss him. Ex-General Cremer was proposed; Ihe too would subscribe to any thing required, and among his plans for saving the country were the immediate renewal of the war with Germany, and the brigadingc of all the clergy as soldiers,. f to be commanded by Garibaldi, as an I elector suggested. Incidentally, it was mooted that the world would he delighted \- to see It. Thiers imprisoned for life, and the Commune revenged. An orator, who commenced by obserring England Ihd hd I more " horned cattle" than Prance, was i voted out of order, and requested to retire to a lunatic asylum. " General" Cremer was not objected to for having broken his word of honour with the Prussians, but it was regarded as a spot on the sun that he vowed in 1870 to "'place his sword and heart" over at the serrice of the Empire. Thus Paris is not devoid of amusement; the autho rities allowed these patriots to have their say without let or hindrance, and the Seine has escaped from being set on fire. The army is grumbling at the slowness with which the Commission for revising the promotions made by Gambetta is working, and desires much to seo Bazaine's trial concluded, against whom, tbe proofs of not doing his duty at Mefot become blacker. The soldiers are a shadoe more comfortable in the camps, thouglh they undoubtedly long after the flesh pots of Egypt-the barrack life of the. cities. On Christmas Eve they kept high revels, plenty to eat and drink in. honor of the time, and felt they were not only glorious, but "o'er a' the ills of lifo vietorious." It is currently believed the courts- martial are still sitting, but so fatigued isn the publio with their proceedings that the Journals only rarely notice them. However the government, to its credit, is freely liberating, after a light investi gation,numbers of prisoners on the hulks.. The oflloial journal corroborates the dis covery of gold in New Caledonia, so that those patriots who are to leave their country for their country's good for the " Fortunate" isles, are to be envied.. There is an intention to send Rossel's father as deputy to the Assembly- as wasn attempted in the case of D3andin's brother. It is sad policy to trade on the' dead-but in France there is nothinglike having a " body" to trail-a lacnquo'as r ghost. Christmas was never more observed as" a holiday by the French than on this. occasion--ordinarily a children's feast.. It did one's heart good to witness oldi times come hback aganin. The churches were well. filled with worshippersr-duty,. not fashion, drew many. The "mid night" masses of the Evero were "low"' ones the government, fearing to attract. crowds, ordered there should be no musi cal pomp. The restaurants and toy shops' remained open all the night. It is the' fashion to "sup" in Christmas Day- oysters and sausages, onion soup and trumaed delicacies, being the hill of fare. As the children expect "le petit, nal" to deposit in their tiny shoes ranged before the chimney, some present, the toy-shops did a roaring trade. There never were taken tip more drunken people, and those who were able to stagger home saved: , from drinking their week's earnings a few'r sous to purchase the expected gratifica I tion for their little ones, and no doubt felt satisfied they had done their duty. The annual fair on the Boulevards is well' I patronised ; the terrible weather hIas moe dernted, and there in no longer occasion either for sledges or bents to pass along the streets.. The "'Prussian soldier looting the goods. and chattels of the 1 Gauls forms the popular toy. Now I everyone is occupied in sending a card to friends and acquaintances in honor of the new year. which for many is the only evidence that you have lived during the last 3065 days. Of course a present is. anticipated by the youngsters if you desire to be regarded as a friend, and all, those who have ministered to your com-- fort or discomfort, during 1871, expect you are not a sufl'erer by any monetary crisis: they adopt Danton's maxim audacity, atdncity, always andacity. The post oflire clerks work night and day to send off the mountains of carte-de-visites to-every part of the world. One of the r favorite dodges to demand a gift is. . adopted by some characters who assort they saved your house and property from. bring burned under the Commune. M. Thiers will recognise the sovereignty of: r the Assembly by first paying a visit to its' President, when the latter will drop in. on the Chief of the State-royal fashion -by the time Ihe has reached home. It is the custom in commercial houses to adopt some emble.m in honor of the sea son, wllrhic purchnsers take awny willth - them. This year thie "etiguette" is ac Sphotograph of M. Thiers. Thorn is a concratulatory address being: d signed by the cilizeccs to he presented to the Prince of sales on his recovery. . Tihe Prince is popular in this country, as a he is believed to share in the sorrows of SFrance, as he did in the good works to a relieve her distress. The snow-whites o beard of thie Emperor of -rszil is to be Smet withll everywhere. Next week he ran ' bid at thie sale of the Inmperinl kitchen utensils. Two chamber mnlds-negresses. k -of his suite, are stars in Paris, . It was ruled by itr J?stice Williams a s day or two ago at Sandhurat, that a police. a constablh or detective officer was bounod, if Sreqlired, to gIive up the name of his ia fd lrmat. The Balarat Mail states that " the Chief Justico, however, ruled dif~ n eorently the previous day, and said were I this to be cnforaed it would he subveraisvo of the ends of jastice. Informations agcaincst criminals and witnesses to prove the charges would very frequently be anywhere Ibut ic where they were wanted in thie interests of In justice." Who shall dlecide which of the ir o rod judgeso is right ? 