London's Heart. m. I. FABJEON, AUTHOR OP « GRIF,' ' JOSHUA U&RVEL;,' AND ' BLADE-O'-GRASS.' ITht sole right of publishing in this colony Mr. Faty eon's new story, has been purchased by the proprietors of this journal .] ? CHAPTER XXVII. Sblfibh Yearnings and Unselfish Love. 'What but pure accident could have brought David Sheldrake and Lily together on this day ? There was nothing singular in the meeting, and setting aside the presumption (as hitherto borne out by his actions) that Mr. Sheldrake was Alfred's friend, Hampton Court is open to all the /world and his wile, and the chestnut trees in Bushey Park have a wide renown. They are through all the vear. in and out of blossom : their leaves have Bhaded many thousands of lovers, and/will do again ; and the story that iB as old as the hills has been whispered and acted over and over again to the noble branches that break the sun light and the moonlight fantastically. And -what ?waB there to prevent Mr. Sheldrake having an eye for the beautiful ? It -was to all appearance the most natural occurrence in Ihe world, and Lily certainly had no suspicion that the meeting was pre-arranged. If it had been, where ?was the harm? Alfred saw none, and if he had ? Well, if he had, it is difficult to determine how he -would have acted. Men are to be found who are at once so selfish and so weak that they bring a moral blindneBS upon themselves. In the pursuit of their own selfish ends they are incapable of seeing in their actions a possible evil resultjjto those whom they love. Their minds are mirrors reflecting from within, in which they see nothing but themselves and their own troubleB and desires. The holiday commenced most happily, and Lily's heart's hopes were as bright as the clouds above her. The day was an event in her life of even routine. She was as blithe as a bird. As she walked, she felt as if she would like to dance, and as she could not do that, she hummed her favourite songs, and pressed Alfred's arm to her side, and showed her grateful spirit in a hundred little affectionate ways. Every little incident afforded her pleasure, and strangers looked admiringly at her bright face. When she and Alfred arrived at Hampton Court Bhe was in the gayest of spirits. She chatted merrily, on all sorts of subjects, and drank-in the goodness and the beauty of nature with a spirit of exceeding thankfulness. She was girl and woman in one. It would have done any person good to see her roaming' about the grounds and gardens, admiring this and that as a child might have done. So childlike was she in her womanliness that every now and then she would set Alfred's remarks to favourite airs, and sing them again and again in a dozen different ways. Alfred thought he had never seen her so completely happy as now, and he expressed his thought affec tionately. ' I am as happy as a bird,' she.said. I don't think I ever felt happier in my life ; and I have yeu to th&nk; lor it, dear, and that makes me happier still.' In this way did her affectionate nature pay exorbi tant interest for Alfred's small outlay of kindness. As she pressed his arm to her breast, and held it there, Alfred thrilled with amazement at her goodness ; he looked into her sparkling eyes, which were dewy with joy. ' Do you know what, Lil ? ' V What, dear.' ' I am glad you are my sister.' Her heart laughed as he said the words. ' And glad that you love me, Lil,' he added. ' What would life be without love, dear Alf ? ' She did not know- (although she might have sug gested, as she was aware that he had a heart-secret) what a tender chord her words touched. What would life be without love ? Ah ! think of it, all, and believe that it is the richest dower woman can bring to man, the richest gift man can give to woman ! Love, faith, and charity : all the rest is dross. Out from the branches fiew a bird, and after it another. Lily's eyeB followed them. Up, up into the clouds, which seemed fit dwelling-places for the graceful things, until they Were lost to Bight. But Lily did not miss them ; for in the clouds she saw her hopes reflected. She was in harmony with the peacefulness and beauty of every thing around and about her. Every blade that sprang from the earth, every leaf that thrilled to the whisper of the wind, every glint of light imprismed in the brown and green, lattice- work of the trees, every bright bit of colour that dwelt in cloud and flower, con tributed to her happiness. Such timeB as these are Forget-me-pots. So they strolled through the gardens, and into court-yards bo still and quiet that they appeared scarcely to belong to the busy world. They went into the picture-gallery because Alfred said it was the pro per thing to do, but a gloom fell upon Lily when she Was in the rooms. They were sad and sombre, and there Was something dispiriting in the manner in which the few persons who were at the palace walked about and looked at the pictures. They 'walked with soft foot balls, and spoke with bated breath, and wore a solemn expression on their countenances, which seemed to say,/' We are walking anions; the dead.' One might not inaptly have imagined, indeed, that at night, when no profane footstep disturbed the silence, the palace ^as a palace of ghosts and shades that rose from the floor, and started from frame and wainscot, to play their parts in the shadowy world to which they be longed. The excitement and pleasure of the day rendered Lily more than usually susceptible to out ward influences. Every nerve in her was quivering 'with susceptibility, and the contrast between the ghostly rooms and the bright landscape without sensi bly affected her. She hurried Alfred through the zooms nervously, but the eyes of a Puritan, that glared at sternly from the wall arrested her atten andfrightened her. The faice, -wa8 sunless ; even about the lips and eyes there was no trace of gentleness or sweetness. The cruelly hard lines in the face of man spoke of severity, austerity, absolutism, and declared, ' Life is ?utter ; it is a battle of brute forces, and he who wins ^strength of character, by dogmatism, by harshness, achieves a moral victory, and proves himself worthy. r®1® *8 hut one course — bend all the forces of your *ill, all the power of your strength, to crush those whose ti/8 no*.your ways, whoBe belief is not your be ? There is not room for all; some have no busi esB here. To be human is not to be humane.' Lily's grew faint as she gazed at this stern face, and if was only by a strong effort that she wrested her atten tion from it. She was glad when she was out in the sunshine and among the flowers again, and her light heal tedness soon returned. Alfred's mood was more subdued. Lily did not notice when they started from home that his gaiety was forced, and that he seemed to be playing a part ; but it was so. His cheerfulness was only assumed. Notwithstanding the out ward evidences of prosperity he displayed, he was in trouble again. In immediate trouble, that is. For, like a very numerous class, so long as his circum stances were easy for to-day, he was eaBy in his mind. He rarely looked beyond ; sufficient for the day was the good thereof. But to-morrow comes inevitably, and it came to Alfred, and brought trouble to Ms door. Nearly all his racing speculations had gone against him. The race for the Goodwood Cup, the winner of which he was so confident oi having ' spotted,' as the phrase is, had proved disastrous to him. The accept ance for seventy-five pounds which he had given to Con Staveley would soon be due, and he had not the means to meet it. He had borrowed money of Mr. Shjeldrake, and he had given that gentleman he did not know what documents as security, security of the frailest, as his friend took care to tell him. ' It is a mere matter of form,' Mr. Sheldrake had said; 'for as you have no property and are worth nothing, these bills and I O U's are worth almost as much as waste paper. But I trust to your honour, Alf ; I know you'll not let me in. But although I am partial to you, my boy, and like you, and all that, I am not sure that I would assist you if it were not for Lily's sake. If you were to push me to it, I should be bound to declare that it is for Lily I do this, and not for you. You don't mind my saying this, do you? It is because I like her, and I want her to think well of me ; not without deserving it, Alf ; I think I deserve it : that I'm disposed to stick to you. You'll have a slice of luck one day, my boy. That tip of yours for the Cup was a bad one ; but better luck next time, that's my motto. How much did you lose ? O, that wasn't a great deal (making light of what was a seri ous sum to Alfred) ; you'll soon pull that up. Of course you'll be able to meet that little bill of Stave ley's ? If I didn't think it was all right, I wouldn't tell you what he said yesterday. He swore that if the bill wasn't paid (what put it into his head that it wouldn't be puzzles me) he wouldn't hold me ac countable, but would come down upon you, and press the money out of you. He's as hard as nails on some points, is -Con Staveley, and he's sore because I've been let in by so many oi my friends. He can't make out what makes me cotton to you so ; but then he hasn't seen Lily, has he, Alf? or he might alter his time.' Of course Alfred said he would be able to meet Con Staveley's bill, hoping that meanwhile the slice of luck (which, unfortunately for the hopeful ones, is nearly always figurative) would be cut off Fortune's pudding for him. But it wasn't ; and pay-day was drawing near ; and he had been borrowing more money of Mr. Sheldrake, some of which he had lost in racing as usual, and some of which he had spent upon himself, and in other ways. So that altogether he waB in a bad way ; and supposing that Mr. Shel drake failed him, he did not know where to turn for assistance to float him through his money scrapes. Of one thing he was certain — it depended upon Lily whether Mr. Sheldrake continued to be his friend. He extracted comfort from this thought ; for as the word of promise is often kept to the ear to break it to the hope, so he cajoled himself into believing that Lily entertained a warm feeling for Mr. Sheldrake ; he be lieved it because it was vitally necessary to him that it should be so. Still he would make sure. He had a favour to ask of Mr. Sheldrake this very day, and Lily would be able to aBsist him in obtaining it. Per haps she would be able to put in a word for him with that gentleman. He absolutely saw nothing wrong in the thought. It was, however, with an uneasy feel ing that he commenced the conversation, and he was rather ashamed of himself for going roundabout instead of coming straight to the point. ' I am so glad you are enjoying yourself, Lily.4' He could find nothing better to say than this. ' I can't help it, Alfred ; it would be ungrateful not to on such a day. And I enjoy it all the more because you bave brought me and because you are with me. What beautiful places there are to come to, if one has the time and the money ! ' ' Yes, and the money,' repeated Alfred, with a groan, ' Isn't it a shame, Lily, that a fellow can't get as much aB he wants ? ' 'That depends, Alf,' answered Lily, with a touch of philosophy which sounded all the prettier from her lips, because she was the laBt person in the world who would be supposed to be given to philosophising, ' upon how much a fellow wants.' ' Not much,' he said, ' not a great deal. There are hundreds of people who have more than they know what to do with.' 'I think,' said Lily, in a musing tone, 'one can do with a very little and be very happy.' ' You say so because your a girl ; if you were a man, you would think different.' ' Perhaps,' she said, with a readier mental acqui escence than the word expressed. 44 A man wants bo many things,' continued Alfred, with pnly one interpretation of ' man,' in his mind, and that was himself, '(that a girl has no idea of. He has to move in the world, and do as others do, if he doesn't want to look mean and shabby ; it's hard lines on a fellow when it comes to that. Now a girl's different ; so long as she's comfortable at home, she's all right. There is no occasion for her to knock about,' ' Alfred,' said Lily, looking into his face suddenly, ' you speak as if you were in trouble.' 'And if I were, and if you could help me, Lily, would you ? ' ' Would I ! ' She took his hand and kissed it, as she had done once beforethis morning. A wise man, or, rather, one who had learnt wisdom (for the two definitions are not synonymous), who was strolling in the gardens, saw the action, and thought, 'How fond that girl is of that young fellow ! ' naturally setting them down as sweethearts ; and in his superior wis dow smiled somewhat sneeringly at the hollowness of love's young dream. ' Would I ! what would I not do for those I love ! ' It was her heart that spoke, and the words came from her unawares. ' Tell me your trouble, Alfred.' ' Money,' he replied, curtly ; ' that's my trouble.' ' Can I help you, dear ? I earn some.' 'And give it all to grandfather,' he said, bitterly; for he thought what better use he could make of Lily's earnings than his grandfather, and how many fine chances of backing the right horses he was throwing away for want of means. *' Yes,' she said, in a surprised tone at his bitter ness ; ' surely that's right, Alf.' ' O, I suppose it is,' he answered, in a rough un gracious maimer ; ' whatever grandfather is mixed up with, and whatever he doeB, must be right, of course.' 'What is the matter with you and grandfather ? ' she asked, in deep anxiety ; the brightness was be ginning to die out of the day. ' I can't tell you how grieved I have been to see the way you behave to eaeh other. You do not love each other as you used to do. I was in hopes this morning that it was all right be tween you again.' 'How can I tell vou what it is that makes him treat me as he does, laly, when I don't know myBeif J Directly you went put of the room this morning, he began to nag me, and I. couldn't stand it. He's always at me. If he sees me with a new suit of clothes on, he preaches at me either with his eyes or his tongue. ' Lily was exquisitely distressed. Alfred spoke as if his grandfather were his enemy, and they were both necessary to her ; she loved them both— not equally j her love for Alfred was the stronger. If it were placed distinctly before her that she would be compelled to choose between them, she would have chosen Alfred. This contingency did not present itself to her now, but she was sufficiently grieved at the consciousness of the breach between the two persons upon whom until lately she had bestowed all her love. Could she heal it? could she do anything? she asked timidly. 'Whose fault is it, Alfred— yours or grand father's' 'Is it mine?' he demanded impetuously, in return. ' Now, I ask you, Lily, do you think it is mine ?, ' 'No, no, 'she replied, with generous and loving impetuousness ; ' I am sure it is not.' And thus committed herself, almost instinctively, out of her love for him. 'Well, then,' he said, feeling like a coward, 'there it is.' He paused, expecting Lily to speak, but she was silent. She was trying to collect her thoughts, so as to take a clear view of the breach, but she could not do so. Indeed, she was not strong enough. ' If I have a new suit of clothes,' continued Alfred, harping upon the theme, and inwardly chaffing at her silence, 14 grandfather preaches me a sermon. That's why I didn't show him the chain the other day. I don't want to say anything against him, but young men are not the same as they used to be. Now, I put it to you, Lily : if you had anybody that you liked — I mean that you cared for a . bit — that — that— you were very fond of—' ' Alfred ! ' cried Lily, looking at him with eager eyeB. ' You know what I mean, Lily. If you were a man and had anybody that you loved — there ! now it's out — wouldn't you like to look well in her eyes ! ' ' O, yes, yes, Alfred ! And have you some one like that ? I thought so — I thought so.' 'Yes, I have, Lily,' he said, 'and she is the dearest, prettiest, best girl in the world, Lily. And it's because she's poor ? ' ' That's nothing, Alfred.' ' That's nothing, of course, in her. But because she's poor I try to make a little money so as to be nice, and make her a present now and then, perhaps ; and because of that, grandfather's always at me, preaching — preaching — preaching. O, Lily, you should see her ! She is as good as you are, and* as pretty, upon my word, Lil.' 'Prettier and better, Alfred,' said Lily, taking his hand and caressing it. She would have liked to throw her arms round his neck, but they were sitting in the gardens, and people's eyes were upon them ; so she was compelled to restrain the impulse, and to content herself with caressing his hand and saying, ' I am so glad ! I am so glad ! and that was your secret. You have got some one that you love — my dear, my dearest! 0, how happy you have made me ! And you love her very, very much ? ' ' With all my heart and soul, Lily.' He spoke the truth. ' And she loves you ? But what a question ! As if 6he could help it ! ' She looked into his handsome face, with genuine admiration. How bright the day .was again ! Earth, , sky, air, grew lovelier in the light of her happiness ; for in the love her brother bere to this girl she saw her own reflected. *' She loves me as well as I love her, Lily.' ' I am sure of it — I am sure of it ; she couldn't do otherwise. What is her name ? ' ' Lizzie,' answered Alfred, with gratified vanity. ' Lizzie ! Lizzie ! I shall have a sister ; I love her already, my dear. Of course,' she said slyly, ' you have her portrait ? ' 'How do you know, you puss ? ' he asked, with a laugh and a blush. She echoed his laugh, and said, with an affectation of superior wisdom, ' I could shut my eyes and find it — there ! ' and she touched his breast-pocket lightly. ' Here it is, Lil,' he said, bashfully and proudly, taking Lizzie's portrait from his pocket. ' What do you think of her ? But it doesn't de her j ustice.' ' The accumulative sins that photographers are guilty of in 'not doing justice' must surely bring a very retribution upon them one of these days. But in this instance they found a zealous champion in Lily, who gazed at the portrait with admiring eyes, and kissed it again and again. , ' What a beautiful face ! what lovely hair ! ' ('All her own, Lil,' interpolated Alfred.) ' I can tell that. And she has brown eyes, like mine. And your por trait is in this locket round her neck. When shall I see her really ? ' ' Soon ; I have told her about you. But O, Lily, I am so unhappy with it all I I am the most miser able wretch in the world, I do believe ! ' ' Unhappy ! ' exclaimed Lily, bewildered by these alternations of feeling. ' Miserable ! I don't under stand you, Alfred.' Indeed, she could not understand it. She judged from her own feelings ; to love and to be loved was to her imagination the. highest condition of happiness. Earth contained no brighter lot ; and if in the heaven and future life we believe in and look forward to — all of us, I hope — some such bliss as theblisBof pure love is to be ours, there can be no better reward for living a good life. 'You asked me to tell you my troubles,' said Alfred, a little, sulkily, ' and I told you money. But you seem to have forgotten it already.' 'I did, for a moment, my dear,' she replied, re morsefully ; ' I forgot it in my delight at the news you have told me for and in. the contemplation of your happiness.' ' How can I be happy,' he grumbled, ' with such a trouble upon me ? You do not know what it is, and how it weighs me down. How can I show my face to Lizzie when I am so pressed, and when I am in debt, and can't pay ? ' ' And yet,' she said, out of her own goodness and unselfishness, ' you have brought me here for a holi day to-day, and I have been thoughtless enough to come, and put you to expense, when £ ought to have guessed you could not afford it.' | The very construction she placed upon it displayed him in a generous light, which he so little deserved, that he felt inwardly ashamed of himself. ' How could you guess ? I have kept my troubles to myself. Why should I bother you with them ? And it would be hard, indeed, if I could not give you a little pleasure now and then. It isn't much I give you, Lil — not as much as I should like to. Until I saw Lizzie, I had no one to love but you, and now, when everything might be so splendid with me, here am I stumped because I am hard up. It's too bad, that's what it is — it's too bad altogether ; and just at the time that I have got the tip for the Cesarewitch, and could make a thousand pounds as safe as nails.' All this was Greek to Lily. She did not know what the ' tip ' or the Cesarewitch was, but she was too anxiously interested in Alfred's main trouble to go into details. ' Is it much money you want, Alfred ? ' No, not much, Lily.' ' Why not ask grandfather ? ' But he interrupted her with sudden vehemence. ' Lily ! ' he cried, ' I forgot. Grandfather musn't know anything of this. Promise me.' ' I promise,' she answered readily ? ' but whv. Alfred ? ' He dared not tell her the truth ; he dared not say that his grandfather suspected him, and suspected Viim -with just cause ; he himself did not know whether it was suspicion or actual knowledge that caused his grandfather to be doubtful of him. Then how could he tell her to what purpose her earnings were devoted ; if she knew that, not only would she become acquaint ed with the shameful story of their father's crime, but she might get to learn the story of the little iron box. For he was guilty of the theft ; it was he who had stolen the money, intending, of course, to replace it, and not knowing why it was hoarded up sa care ully. As he sat silent now in the light of, the be&utifuL; day, with his trouble heavy upon, and suffering from the remorse that is not born of repentance, all the cir cumstances of the theft spread themselves swiftly be fore him. The money had been stolen in just the way his grandfather had surmised in the interview that took place between them on the night of his mother's death. He had seen his grandfather go often to the iron box, and he suspected that it contained moneys One day, when his grandfktherjwas not at home, he tried the cupboard in which the iron box was placed, for safety, and found it locked. Seeing a key upon. the mantelshelf^ and believing it to be the key of the. iron box, he ran out of the room with it, and took an. impression of it, and from the impression had a false key made. Then, on the very night his grandfather' had mentioned, he watched the old man out of the house, and took the iron box from the unlocked cup board. He opened the box, and was taking the money from it when he heard a sound from the bed. behind him. Turning, he saw his mother with her eyes open, as he thought, watching him. For a few moments he could not stir, he was so dismayed ; but a sigh from his mother, which was half a groan, com pletely aroused him, and going to the bed he found, his mother asleep. Relieved, he completed the theft.. This scene was always before his eyes when he wag in trouble ; when his money affairs were easy, and he had sufficient for the day, he rarely thought of it. He had quite made up his mind that, supposing his mother had been awake, he would have told her all — how that he had used money belonging to his em ployers, not for the first time ; that it was imperative he should replace it ; and that it was better to take for a time these savings, hoarded up by his grand father for a then unknown purpose, rather than allow exposure to come. ' Mother would have given me right,' he often thought, but he did not have the op portunity of testing whether his thought was correct. All his life he was never to know whether his mother had gone down to the grave with the consciousness that her son, as well as her husband, was a thief. 