NEW CALEDONIA. WE are in receipt of papers from New Caledonia from the 15th October to the 6th of November. The Moniteur of the 16th October reports that the Committee for Consultation on Mining Affairs has commenced operations. IIB first subject for consideration was the application for a grant of land for a copper mine at Man going, submitted on behalf of the Eureka Society. sergeant-major Klcboux, of the detachment of Marine Infantry, (stationed at Bourail, when out duck-shooting on the 23rd ultimo, fell into a deep waterhole in a morass and was drowned. The Donald Maclean, coaster, commanded by Captain D. M'Leod, and consigned to Mr. Higginson, at Noumea, arrived at (ho chef lieu, from the New Hebrides, on the 12th of October, bringing fifty-one natives of the New Hebrides, four of whom were females. On the 7th of the same month, the British ketch, G. V. Brooke, under the command of Captain Schwartz, also brought to Noumea, from Tanna and Live, twenty-seven islanders. The Donald M'Leod returned to the New Hebrides with twenty-five islanders. The colonial of sugar mills in New Caledonia are reported to have been all of late in full beneficial operation. Governor De La Kicherie left Noumea on the 20th of October for the Isle of Pines, and returned to Government House on the 23rd. Madame Benaud has been specially authorised by the Government to open a primary school of superior character for your g ladies at Noumea. Mr. J. Cruickshank, \ice-contulof her Britannic Majesty at Noumea, on the 20th ultimo requested the Governor to aid him in his desire to pay an official visit to the Donald Maclean, which had left again the evening before for the New Hebrides. The Vice consul suspected that on board of that vessel would be found a person implicated in the criminal proceedings at Sydney against the crew of the Call in consequence of the massacre of seventy natives of the islands and island groups of Southern Polynesia. The Governor, when applied to by Mr. Cruickshank, was on board the French war steamer Bruat, on the eve of setting out for a short visit to the Isle of Pines. The Donald Maclean was overhauled by the Bruat, at the instance of the British vice-consul, in the Wooden Canal. The result was that the presumptions entertained by the British vice consul were confirmed, and one of the crew of the Donald Maclean, having been duly arrested, was brought back In a bo Bruat to Noumea. The party so arrested has been brought down to Sydney. The invitation of the Secretary of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales (M. Jules Joubert to join in the next Intercolonial Exhibition is published in the Moniteur of the 23rd ultimo, and very favourably noticed by that paper on the 30th. In the Moniteur de la N. C. of the 6th instant, we read the following cows from the mines. The editor says-By the steam transport Rence, which touched at Pain, we have received news of the discovery of second copper mine, said to be richer than the first. The Depeche, which arrived at Noumea, on the 6th of November; brought with her 1006 oz. 6 dwts gold about 31,313 grammes. Gold v tracted, but not" yet amalgamated, amounting to 4670 grammes, had not, been forwarded. These were the results of the crushing of 98 tons of quartz. v THE WINNER OF THE VICTORIAN DERBY. " Senex" writes in the Australasian of Saturday last I cannot understand how any doubt whatever could have been entertained respecting the issue of the race for the Victoria Derby, or how those who have made it their business to report the doings of the horses in training could have supposed that any horse in the Derby had the ghost of a chance with Loup Garou, fit and well at the post. It is not as if he ran in our Derby untried, and only his gallops on the training-ground had been seen. He had won the Randwick Derby, and all the Press representatives, I suppose, had seen him " race." I have seen a great num i her of first-class " racehorses " in my day, from West Australian, the Flying Dutchman, and Sir Tatton Sykes downwards ; but I never saw a horse get over the ground in better style than Loop Garou. Had The Barb, Fishhook, i Firework, and all the other good horses of Australia been in the Derby on Saturday, he would have spread-eagled the lot. King of the Ring is a game, good colt, but he is not in the came class as Loup Garou he is a mere pony and how the touts could ever have dreamed that the King could beat Loup, both fit and well, is past comprehension. And the cutting down game that was to come off ! Why, the Lord of Lynne colt could have given a stone to the lot, let them all get away SO yards, and then have won " hands down," his poor feet and all given in. I notice that the turf writer in your contemporary alludes to this cutting-down game, and says,-" If they (that is Belphegor and Sunshine) succeed, the King may win the race, but should they fail, what an ignominious defeat they will sustain." Further on he remarks that if the Derby were a match between Loup and the King, it would be 3 to 1 on Loup. So he formed a tolerably good opinion of Loup ; but, like many of the words, he could not quite the absurdity of all that was written about " cutting Loup down." When there are two or three horses almost on a par, the cnltlcg-down garoo may mean something, if the best horse of the lot happens to be a slow beginner, like the ' King ; but for the Derby lot of 1872 to think of cutting down a horse-hire Loop is absurd. CAPTURE OF A WHALE IN HOBSON'S BAY. The Argus says that :- some excitement was caused in the neighbourhood of Sandridge and Williamstown on Thursday by the discovery that a whale was disporting itself in the waters of Hobson's Bay. It is a very unusual thing for whales to find their way into such shallow and land- locked waters, but the thing is not unprecedented, for some fifteen or sixteen years ago a whale was killed in Hobson's Bay by Mr. T. Norton quite close to the shore. Soon after the discovery was made yesterday morning, several small whaling expeditions were organized, and boats were in pursuit of the intruder for many hours The chase became inch a tedious and apparently hopeless one, that it was given up by all except a party of three, which Included air. O. Steedman, proprietor of the Sandridge Railway Baths. They persevered for five or six hours, and their exertions were at last rewarded. At about half-past i o'clock the whale was harpooned, about midway between Sandridge and Williamstown, and then commenced a rather exciting time for the small boat's crew. They were towed hither and thither by the wounded fish, and before an opportunity had been obtained of using the lane the boat had been dragged within a mile of St. Kilda road bluff. There the, coup de grace was given, and the whale after floundering about for a time was secured. It was found to be one of the far-back kind, and was estimated to be from 31 to 40 . feet in length. 