OUR CONTINENTAL LETTER. PARTS .Ti-vf IS The military service bill may now bo con- sidored the law of tbo land, and so every fit citizen is obliged to become a soldier at twenty, remain on active duty for five yeavs according c.pui.iui cucumstancos, tnon to join the reserve until forty years of ago. Men in tended for the church, for the offico of school master are, like college professors, exempted from going under fire — excopt as ambulanciers. Gambotta opposed all exemptions as a privilege' and leading to abuses, and as it is nocessary that a door should bo either closed or open, tho concession in favour of candidates for the church or the profession of schoolmaster opens a door very wide for evasions of tho law. Tho real fight was over tho article fixing tbo period of service for active duty. There were high authorities in favour of three, four, and five years. The shorter porod is tho Prussian plan, makes excellent soldiers, and allows them to return earlier to civil duties. It was "illustrious general" Thiers who carried, or rather forced, the Assembly to adopt the term of five years. Prince Frederick Charles, tho highest of authorities on modern war, observes, relative to the throe years service, some men with thick skulls must bo kept longer than others to be made a soldier, but it is an error to think the longer a man is kept tho better soldier he becomes. The first year tho recruit passes his time crying, in tho hospital, thinking of his ejrelchen, and dreaming of his home. The second year he is good pupil, knows bis drill, exorcises with taste. The third year he commences to be a drunkard, thinks ho knows enough of his pro fession, chaffs the young recruits ; this is the moment to send him home — save to recall him when wanted. The French say, that if they had not a Go- vernmen,t_they would have nothing to laugh at. M. Thiers, in again menacing to resign if tho Assembly did not accept his doxy of five years service for recruits, assumed a position painfully ridiculous. There was no justifica tion for Jove to be angry; tho majority was with him — a fact which he well know. But he desired to break his butterfly on tho wheel. Every journal in Franco condemns him ; the Assembly will tolerate him till the Prussian loon bo raised, for it does not intend to be governed in any Tudor fashion, and has had enough of autocrats. Besides, M. Thiers promised to remain Chief of the Stato, and not degenerato into a mere Cabinet Minister. He has proved to be tho most absolute of masters opposed ,as he has ever boon, to every national reform, from cheap postage and railways up to non-intervention and free trade. As M, Thiers pales, Gambotta rises ; because the lattor is tho only candidate who has a fixed end and a vigorous programme — Napoloon excepted— but Sedau is as deoply down among the dead men as Henry V. nnd Louis Philippo II. Tho return to power of Gambotta would be as unfortunate as the restoration of any of tho three pretenders, yet he might be the least of the evils. Ho loads an active disciplined party, as unitod in tho Assembly as in the country. M. Thiers -is killing tho " moderato " ropublic, whose advent and success could regenerate Franco \- -without compelling her to pass once more through a Gory furnace. But M. Thiers has no fixod policy, no aim beyond an obstinate determination to carry out his porsonal views playing with and using all parties in turn — running with the hare nnd holding with the hounds. It is to castigate such a dissolving mode of government that three of tho richost nnd most conservative olectoral districts of Franco havo just chosen, bymonster majorities, three avowed disciples of Gambotta. Old nge cannot govorn France, nor a feeble policy braco her up. As M. Thiers becomes inoro tyrannical and narrow-minded, Gainbetta becomes more violent and radical. Tago was nothing if not critical ; Gainbetta is nothing if not volcanic. Lhe ' \\\ oraan s Bights ' question lias oneo more como forward. The society for the civil emancipation of women lias its journal, nnd recently opened proceedings with a banquet, Victor Hugo sending' " health and apostolic beuediction " to tho movement. Franco is j about tho hist place in tho world to discuss the ' woman question, first, because women are the ' men in this country, and secondly, the i petrokmcs havo rather prejudiced tho according I of unlimited liberty to tho fair sex. Louis ! Blanc protests against tho law which compels I tho wife to follow the husband, as barbarous ' Of two things 0110 ; either tho wife must obey j tho husband, or tho husband tho wife. Tho scaffolding of ages is not likely to bo over- thrown, ovon in Franco, whore iconoclasm is so general, which protects tho family from dis organisation. It is moral, not legal force, tho wifo ought to wield ; it is the head and not iho heart that the legislature consults. Tho child clings to tho mother without ever demanding is sho slavo or citizencss, and I hat matorial power is groator as it rests upon no law — as it springs from tho heart and goes right to tho soul. A society to induce husbands to fulfil their obligations towards their wives might. do moro good than an association to ondow wives with votos. Where husband and wilo undor- staud each othor tho woman question is ever shown tlio door. After the discussion on the army bill is onded, the financial stato of the country will bo debated. The free-traders are determined not to allow M. Thiers to havo his way in favour of protection. The additional revonuo roquirod is lo bo raised by an income tax — very slight ; tho object is to get in the thin ond of tho wedge. Some of the new sources of taxation are proving productive, but much economy is required in thoir mode of collection. There are two many civil servants, more than over existed under tho ex-empire, when favouritism and extravagance were so rampant. Tho Due de Choiseul was Minister of Finance under Louis XV.; on one occasion he informed that monarch in confidence, that be bad saved fivo millions in one month in tho national expenses, and desired to know what be was to do with it. " Givo mo three millions, and keep two yourself," was the reply of Louis the woll- beloved. The Republic has changed all this kind of book-keeping, which has been peculiar to all dynasties in France. Tho convict ships have at last sot sail for New Caledonia, with tho tritons and the minnows of tho Commune. Rocbefort will likely remain a prisoner in Franco. It is only a voyage for tho condomned, nothing more, as a general amnesty is certain to bo proclaimed (by whatever party succeods M. Thiers. Tifo or tbreo years at most and the ovor-ardent patriots will bo brought back, and perhaps tho agonts who conduct them now to the Pacific Ocean will thomsolves be sentenced to take their place. Tho possibility of such an event may explain why tho authorities bestow great kindness on tho transported — making friends of tho mammon of unrighteousness. The lady membors of tho Commune — somo twenty pelrolcuses — mistressos or soiled doves by profession, are by a curious coincidence to sail for Hew Caledonia in the "Virginia." Further, a showman announces that in a few weeks he will have six of tho natives of that peDal settlement for exhibition, in guaranteed feathers and war paint. Parisians will bo anxious to make the acquaintance of thoir relatives' new neighbours, but docency forbids cannibalism. The statistics of Paris, so far as tho results of the census are kno.wil, confirm the opinion that tho population baB not diminished, but is about the same as it was six years ago —nearly two millions. A marked social change has taken place ; the wealthy portions of the city have been deserted for quarters where house ront is moderate, consequently thoro are immense palaces and blocks of splendid dwellings' tenantless. The Fronch in this respect display one of the most sensible phases of their character, a contempt for keeping up nppearances wbon the purso is consumptive. Living is most expensive in Paris ; the local taxes are crushing ; tho ompiro bequeathed a frightful debt to Paris, which thesiegoand tho commune increased. By economy, loans, and fresh taxes, the municipal council is bringing matters into order. It is at the central market whero the imposts nro loviod on the food supplies, the duty being ad valorem, and at present double. One hundredweight of butter will have to pay on nn averngo 0 francs in taxation ; game, 20 ; barn door fowl, 9, and eggs, 2 francs. Tho price of each commodity increasos like a snow-ball in pro portion to tho number of hands it passes through, which may account for a few suicides of purchasers or sudden deaths produced by shocks. Fish is divided into tbreo classes, salmon and turbot, Ac., pny 8 to 10 ; solos, eels, Ac., 5, and horrings, sardines etc., 3 por cent. Then tho cook levies her markot penny so outragoously, that tho Russian ambassador iudictod his salamander for robbery ; one item in the accounts was 25 sous for a bundlo of radishes, which can bo bought anywhere for 3. Business is not very " strong," ns tho pliraso is. Paris does a fair export trade, hut local trans actions are noxt to dead, so tho small traders aro rapidly suspending ensh pnymonts with no prospect of a rosumption. Evon the gamins that at this season shook tho heavy May-flies from tho trees in the Champs Elysoes, sticking a pin in thoir backs and so attaching thom to a string, selling tho finishod nrticlo for ono sous oncb, to infant entomologists, have got no more work to do — tho cold, wot weather having destroyed tho insects, and with them a petit commerce. The newspaper trade is most prosperous. Paris has now ICS daily journals, and tho cry is still tlioy como. Tho tendency is to bring out morning rather than ovoning editions. Tho proprietors havo no groat anxioty to provido early news. Tho "latest intelligence " is a peculiarity of tho j Anglo-Saxon, Tho Latins hero find that | trontises on abstract politics and such fustian j pays, bocauso France still believes sho writes, J not for Frenchmen, but for mankind. | Tho defeat of tho " favourite " at our Derby last Sunday has not cast a gloom over the ! capital'; ono sporting journal proves that tho ; French racing studs nro only English ones in j disguise, and hence Cromorno lias only beaten ' a companion from his own stable. On (he ovoning of tho raco quite an international i fight look place in tho Mobil.) gardens— be- : tweon tii o horsey interests of Franco and .Eng. j land. Tho police carried oil' iho belligerents beforo tho Waterloo struggle was (ought, i Tho number of persons at iho Derby in the ilois do Boulogne, tho display of wealth and ! luxury, made ono forgot tho second Empire. i Accompanied with a friend and cwo hired ; detectives, I visited a Cow nights ago the Hue ' Ifaxo, where fifty hostages — priests, soldiers, I journalists and policemen, wero harbariously shot by tho Commune during tho last days of its reign of terror. Tho bodies wore thrown into a common cellar close by. It was said the ghosts of tho victims appearod every night as phosphorescent figuros. Wo look up position before midnight, and remained till two in the morning, wlion churchyards are supposed to ceaso to yawn. Wo saw nothing hut a sentinel, and heard only tho falling rain. Tho police who aro on tho look out for tho persons who " do tho spirits " wero also dis appointed, although at ono time they believed to bo on tho evo of success on seeing us nrrive. It is likely tho stories of figs res on tho houses and window panes of Alsace nro on a par with the Haxo ghosts. Marshal Bazine's trial it is now said will com- inenco on the 1st July, as tho plans of tho battlo-fiolds will then be ready for tho court. Thoro are thirty persons employed preparing nnd arranging the nocessary documents, and the oxponses of tho trial are expected to amount to 200,000 frs.— a payment which the rich prisoner must make if convicted. But in this matter the people will have no " ifs ; " tbey aro glnd to hear tho Marshal enjoys good health, nnd hope nothing will alter it till the moment arrives when ho shall have no more interest in its preservation. Tho Press is unanimous in claiming a fair trial and abstain from prejudicing " tho greatest traitor of modern times." Strange neutrality ! The trial of tho Comte Dubourg for tho assasination of his young wifo takon in adultery, is now going on. Sinco Madame Lafargo poisoned her husband, no similar event has occurrod which has created more interest than tho present. All tho pnrties are young and most respectably connected. Tho Countess de Bourg, nie Maclood, was the youngest of four sisters. Hor father was a Scotchman, who having made his fortnno in the city of Cork, omigrnted to France, settling at Blois, whore ho married a lady of aristo cratic family. Tho mother diod young,- tbo girls wero oducatod in the convent ; tho throe senior married well ; tho youngest — Denise— mot hor husband first in 18G0 at Versailles ; thoy wero married, sho being nineteen, and he twonty-threo years of ago. A son is the issuo ol tho marriage. She wns small, "dumpy, perhnps, judging from her photograph, at tractive, intelligent and clever, as all Fronch women nro. Her fortune was 75,000 frs. ; her husband's onabled thom to havo n joint incomo of 10,000 frs. a year. Thoy wore to livo in tho country, at hor father-in-law's, where sho was welcomed as a pot. Her ambition was to livo in Paris ; sho was a prey to a mania " to appear in society." Hor husband know no thing of a city lifo, and having no occupation quickly fell into tho vices of the capital. Pending the war, tho Countess Hvod at Geneva whilo tho husband joined tho Mobiles ns a captain. After the peace she was delivered of hor only child, and subsequently came to Paris for medical advice — whero sho remained. They wero an ill-matohod couple, sho was flighty and ho wns empty- headed; in tho Parisinn ball-rooms sho quickly saw the difforonoe betwoon her husband and other men ; worse, she expressed her opinion. She met Count Prccorbin at a mutual friend's, and mndo an assignation with liira for noxt dny, calling for him at his olfico, a clerkship in the town council. Thoir criminal love lasted for about three weeks. Tho husband suspectod, gave full opportunity to his wifo ; they took thoir meals in common, but slept at different hotels ; bo leignod to go to tho country on tbo 21st April last, the wife's confidence was thus deceived ; site wrote to Prccorbin to meet her, nnd thoy went to thoir usual trysting-plnce, an attic in the Rue des Ecolos. Tho husband had paid spies; he followed his wife, traced he.r to tho attic, induced her to open the door, as ho "had a telegram that their child was dying; " Bio paramour fled by the roof; the wife opened the door in a state of deshabille ; sho begged her husband not to call tho police ; he struck her with his clenched fist, stabbed hor with a cane sword, and when it broke openod a clasp knifo ; of tbo fifteen wounds sho received anyone was mortal. Three days- later she died. The Code oxcusos a husband for killing his wifo, if ho discovers hor in adultery in his houso ; hero tho caso is diffbrout, but will hardly affect tho decision of the jury, nominnl guilt. The husband was outraged, but wo would like to have seen less pro- meditated preparations for revongo ; as for the cownrdly paramour contempt is his best punishment, although his mothor appeals on behalf of "her boy" in the journals! Tho court wns crowded with ladies, all young, eagerly drinking in tho incidents of tho tragic romance. Marshal Vaillnnt has boon interred at Dijon, betwoon his wife and stop-sou ; the photograph of his favourite dog being enclosed in tho tomb. The Protestant, or rather Calvinist Synod, is now holding its sittings ; as usual tho body is divided as to an uniform confession of faith and submission to a controlling central power. St. Swithin is tho patron saint of umbrolln- makers, and is prospering his followers. Saint Pclngio presides over journalists — in tho prison called after him — and whore thewickod nve sent who cry Vice 1' Umpire , as formerly, when thoy wrote, V i vela republic \ Hour Australian Romance.— Once a month at least there is sure to turn up before tho Mol- bourno City Court somo ono showing by external ovidcnco that tliov havo run out of their groove, and never been ablu to recovor tho track. Tho notion so widely existing in tho old country, that when a man has bocotne utterly unfit for decent society at' homo ho will do hotter in tho colonies, has much to do with this. Whon n man has gone through a conrsoof riotous living, if ho is a member of a rospnetal.de family, ho is j often shipped off" for fear that ho should bring ultimate disgrace upon thoso with whom ho is ' connected. Tho fallacy of this is exemplified ' every day, and nowhere peilmps more than in : police courts. The man who is unfit to work his j way in England is doubly unfit to stand tho rude \ jostling of the colonics, and horo thoro is no1 middle course for him. fio must advance or! keep level, or sink into tho lowest depths. A J caso showing the easy change trom a last lifo j into a iilb ol crime came hcToro the City Court; yo"torday. Henry Travrrs, all tx Thomas Herald Golding, ub'os Frank Hogg, alius I'owoil, was : charged under the first, of these names with ! lining a frequenter of Chinese gambiing- hou'e-s. I This man, a lieutenant in hor Majesty's now, who ' arrived in the ship I'lcoats. from' London, in ! l.Sfi.7, had before a year expired been convicted ! on two charges ol obtaining mnnov under false ; pretences, ami sentenced lo six months' and ' tli roe months' imprisonment— tho sentc-nees to I bo cumulative, lie was again in lt-'tr, on four ; convictions for false representations, sentenced j to four months' imprisonment on the two first, i cumulative, and two mouths and six months' j also cumulative, in all sixteen mouths. Ho | was subsequently imprisoned for four months for 1 personating n detective. "When lie landed in this colony ho was a halo man, nnd ho is row a helpless paralytic, arising from injuries received by him whilo working at Pontridgo. lie has nlso been an inmate of tho Immigrants' Homo, nnd of tho Benevolent- Asylum, from which latter pluco lie somo time ago went away in company with ono of tho nurses, who it was believed had boon informed by liirn of his high connections, nnd expected to nscond tho ladder of fortune through his means. .Some time ago ho wroto to iiis Excellency tho Governor stating that ho was a son of General Travel's, then in India. His Excellency is accustomed to rcceivo numerous letters ol this discription, and when thoy aro un accompanied by respectable roforcncos inquiries aro made into tho truth of tho storios thoy con vey. It wns dono in .this caso, nnd a colonel from Indin being in Melbourne nt tho time, was, it was understood, going to miiko inquirios on his return. Meantime tho man wns slioltorod in the Benevolent Asylum, which institution he left as above narratod. It is snid that rocent events iuivo made it probable that this man may succeed to a baronetcy, and if so Tichborno will ceuso to bo tho pre-ominont Australian baronet, nnd bo aide to point to a caroor moro strange in its vicissitudes. Moantimo' Trovers alias Golding alias etc., maintains n somi-esiBt- onco bv frociuentine Chinese tzamblins-houses. — Melbourne Telegraph, 