TERRIBLE FIRE IN JAPAN. .The Japan Mail, of April 9, con tains an account of a fearful fire that recently desolated Yeddo,?the capital of Japan. 'It swept two square miles of the city, destroyed 5,000, houses, and rendered 20,000 persons house less. " i The fire broke out abont 3.15p.m; on "Wednesday, 3rd April, in an Aidzu Yashiki, withirf the second moat of j the castle. A gale was raging at the [ time, and the sparks', and . burning | shingles spread far and wide. Sud denly the fire jumped as it were the two moats, the intervening roads, and a whole block of houses, and then struck a . Japanese house, and -with almost the speed of lightning rushed onwards towards to Tokaido or Im perial highway. Speaking of this part of the city after the fire an eye- witness says ;-" Thespace between the castle and the .Tokaido is now nothing but a heap of ruins, with here and .there a mud godown standing uninjured, like the ghost of the houses which before surrounded ' it. Not one stone re mains standing on another, not one house'Jias escaped the general destruc tion-7-from the Ifihou Sashi down ward in a line with Tsukiji, andjrom the Castle to the sea is one bare&field; of desolation and ruin. : Crossing ? the Tokaido, the houses have been burnt in every direction, and the people rendered houseless have camped out. Dejected and sorrowful" they sit in groups round a mat or blanket,-on which is spread a little food; their misery is indeed terrible to witness, and yet with the. thousands who are houseless it is impossible; for any- but Government to administer to their relief. The fire burned for about 12 hours, when its further progress was stayed by - the sea; Had the wind shifted, however, during the night the conflagration would have proved more disastrous than it was. The following iB the account given by an eye-witness of the s ;ene in Yeddo during the fire: -" At 3.15^ when the fire broke out, no one thought anything of it; but as it leaped from block to block, firing at several places at once, the .danger was felt to be imminent. The troops in the Yeddo Hotel were sent into a place of safety, and several foreigners living! in the French Hotel removed their baggage to the foreign settlement.: Another ^gentleman who was near the Castle at the outbreak of the fire saw at least 50 persons carried by on stretchers nearly all dead, while a third witness, who was in Tsukiji, saw great numbers dead by suffocation or fire. Mothers threw their children from them into the water to be drowned, or on the ground to: be burnt, and rushed on to save them selves. Two - sworded men, drunk with excitement, cut and hewed in all directions, and the men who were seen disabled by sword cuts were too numerous to count. In contradistinc tion to this, daughters were to be seen carrying their fathers and mothers away; children just old enough to know what was going on helped to save their parents from destruction; and what was more touching than all was to see in the distance people fall under their burdens; to be overtaken by the flames before they could rise. Such scenes as these lend an additional horror to a sight already sufficiently terrible, and though at this stage, when all is excitement and uncertainty, the loss of life and property cannot be accurately, judged, we feel assured that we have under than over stated the extent of the misfortune." The loss of property is estimated at a couple of million dollars. 