LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. We were sorry to observe so thin an attend ance at Mr. Chapman's ontortainniont at tho Royal Hall on last Wednesday evening. The various wonderful and admirable performances went off excellently well, nnd the Wizard's happy style of conversational introduction to the feats gave a pleasant liveliness to the mysterious and startling proceedings; Of course the ' Sackful of Ghosts' was a prominent feature, and caused much astonishment as usual. Mr. Chapman produced this illusion, he explained; witha viow to demonstrating that tho so-called ' manifesta tions of spirits,' a la Davenport nnd othors, could bo effected by natural and ordinary means, thus showing the great probability that 'spiritism' was an imposture. It is to be hopod that this clever professional will bo bettor patron ised this evoning, for ho certainly desorvos more liberal support and encouragement than ho has yet received here. Mr. Chapman very kindly purposes not to perform on Monday evoning, in order to avoid interference with the Amateur Minstrels. On Tuesday evening, however, he will appear as usual. Tho first performance of the Wido Bay Min strels was so successful that, the announcement of a second, to bo givon on Easter Monday night at the Varieties Theatre ought to attract a good house. We notice in the programme many old favourites ; and thoro seonis to bo a judicious 'admixture of comic and sentimental pieces. Presuming that the ontertainment will bo for the UU11U1IU V/L U11U 4IJ.IIIOII1VJU) Vl/lll^ltllJ j 1IU II Vllltu A V- mind tho public that amateur performances are not arranged without expense, and that it is only fair to the members of this Society that they should bo supported in their praisoworthy efforts to afford amusement and to contribute to local institutions. The tea meeting held on Thursday ovening last in aid of tho funds of the Presbyterian Church Sabbath School was highly successful ; the attendance was vory large, and the funds must have received a welcome addition. To the teachers of the school much credit is duo for the manner in which they carried out the arrange ments. After ample justice had been done to the good things with which each table was well laden, a public mooting was held, at which there was also n full attendance. ' Tho proceedings wore opened with a few appropriate remarks by the Chairman (Mr. M'Ghie), aftor which Mr. Park read an interesting report, from which wo extract tho following : — Tlio school had now boon established nearly four yoars. It was commenced by tho Rev. Mr. M'Kay ; and after his departure the superintendence was .under taken by , Mr. .Alexandor Drew, who labored hard, and under many disadvantages, for a long time ; when, however, the late Rev. Mr. Caldwell came amongst them, lie took a .deep interest in the school ; more teachers woro added, and it for the first time assumed the appearance of- a well organisod institution of tho church. In the month of Augnst, 1871, Mr. Drew sent in his resignation, which, aftor some demur, was -ac- cepted ; and Mr. Park, who still fills the oflico, was appointed in, his place. Tho want of a library, in order that tho scholars might have books of a religious kind to read, had long boen felt; and tho teachers, therefore determined to form one. The Rev. Mr. Crawford, their pas tor, kindly gave a locturo to effect the purposo, and tho proceeds of such lecture amounted to £8 5s.' . The_ congregation was then canvassed for subscriptions, ancf by this moans £14 18s. Cd. was raised. On the suggestion of tho Rov. Dr. Steel, of Sydney, the Roligious Tract Society of London was then written to, and a draft for £20 was forwarded with a request to send out books at as cheap a rate as possible ; to this letter a reply had beon received stating that tho Committee had agreed to give them £40 worth of books, with a packet of tracts valued at £3, for the amount forwarded by draft ; and that the books would be sent off as soon as pos sible. As, However, tnero was stiu mucn to do done in providing tho school with books for prizes, &c;, tho teachers had agreed to get up the present tea meeting, and had asked the as sistance of the congregation in furnishing the tables in order thnt tlio proceeds by the sale of tickets might be solely applied towards defraying tho expenses of tho school ; their appeal had been liberally responded to, and they would take tho opportunity of thanking tho congregation for their support. There waB an average atton danco of 100 scholars, arid thoro were 13 teachors. A singing class was conducted in connection with tho school by 'Mr. J. Burt with good results ; and a bible class was hold every Sunday morning by the Rev. Mr. Crawford. From an abstract of the rec'oipts and expenditure from May 1871 to date, which was then read, it ap peared that the rocoipts, had amounted to £32 2a. 9d., nnd tho expenditure to £29 5s. 7d., elusive of the subscriptions that had been col lectod rocently. Excellent addresses — consider- ably above tho average quality of tea meeting speeches — wore . then dolivorod by the Revs. Crawford, Woodhouso, Dobson, and Jamloson. During his discourso, the first-named gentleman stated that the books might bo oxpected shortly, and alluded to the immense amount of good that would bo effeotod by their circulation among the young. Tlio One-milo Glee Club sang pieces of sacred music, and 'were -much and deservedly applauded. Votes; of :thariks were then accorded to the ladies who had assisted, to the rev. speakers, to the One-milo Glee Club, and to the Chairman ; and tho proceedings were brought to a 0I630 by tho singing, of tho Doxology. ' ' ; ?Yesterday a man named John Flannory was lodged in the lock-up, ho being supposed to bo of unsound mind. Information was given to .the police that the man had boltod into tho scrub ' near tho St. Patrick's reef on Thursday evoning, and yestorday morning they wont out and: secured him ; ho offored some resistance and, had to bo ?handcuffed. The first moot of tho Gympie Hunt Club is to take placo on Ea3tor Monday, at Palmer's, oh the Maryborough Road. The general-public are invited to take part in the sport on this special occasion. ? , ? On Tuosday evening next tho Annual Meeting of tho congregation of St. Peter's Church will be held ; tho business to bo transacted ib of much importance, as will bo observed by the. usual; advertisement. - , .;.:?. '?'.,: . The Gympio friends of : .Captain;.: Townloy, Police Magistrate ,of Rockhampton, will Togret to learn that he has had to leave that town for' the South under medical advice. . . : ' 'A Frequent Visitor' writes to complain of what ho considers tho disgraceful state of the Gympio Cemetery. Ho asks if there are any. trustees appointed, and if there aro, why- they do not visit the grounds undor thoir control. He states that the various approaches aro not in- a proper condition, through tho heavy grow.th of grass,, which ho suggests should bo out! down. The fence, too, is in some' danger from fire through the quantities of grass near it (a circum-. stance we 'alluded to some' tiiho ago). There is no reason' to doubt these statements, and there f oro it would bo well if tho Cemetery Trustees would, attond to the matter promptly. , ? No hows of the success of the partios in pur suit of .the' perpetrators of the outrage on the Imbil Road has reached us. We are assured, howover, that the police will hunt them down if possible, and that thoro are good hopes of bringing them to justice. ?..,(.-. Wo arc not 'requested' to direct attention to tho butcher's advertisements which appoar in our columns to-day, but do so becauso the promises of reduction in tho prico of moat is of public in terest and importance. Two of our local but ohers disclaim .'.blowing,' a course of conduct' which tho lovers of fresh and sweet meat will doubtless appreciate in hot weather. The proposal to establish a Queensland National Bank has beon greeted with a chorus of approval and satisfaction throughout the colony, the desirability of the object being strongly expressed. Wo cordially endorse the remarks lately made by a contemporary :— The time could not bo more opportune ,for founding such an institution. The colony seems upon the ove of great prosperity and advancement. Tho recent immense discoveries of' tin and cop per— tlio almost daily opening up of now areas of gold-bearing reefs — tho settlement on tho land — tho gigantic proportions our sugar grow ing nnd distillation are assuming — and the iiuiiLML^fuo uuiivjl uiuuailico, mil v/l ii iiiuu iut^uiiw capital for their prosecution and development, afford a wide field for profitable investment. All these sources of business will, through the apathy of onr presont bankers, be open to the now institution. If, therefore, the. promoters only found tho bank upon sound and advanced principles — something, for instance, like those of tho London and Westminster Bank — and conduct thoir operations with ordinary prudence, they are cortain to succeed; and while confer ring great benefits on the community, will real ise good dividends themselves. ? Tuesday's Courier has tho following : — Mr. C. Parish returned from the Caboolture yesterday, brinsrinE with him samples of supposed stream tin, which ho states wore procured by himself and party somo distance from Caboolturo. The samples nave not yet been tested. The Gnlonisl says that somo poople report tho stuff worthless. A Uernld telegram from Melbourne says : — King of the Ring and Argus Scandal are scratch ed from all their engagements. ? Warrior, Flo rence, Jav'lin, and Tim Whiffler are the best favourites for the Cup. ' Tho following are the Melbourne eloven chosen to take part in tho Intercolonial Match : — Allen, Boyle, Cosstick, Coopsr, Campbell, W. Gibson, Darke, Kelly, Goldsmith, Robert son, and Wills. Miller's Victoria Rope Works, on tho South bank of the Yarra, Molbourne, have been de stroyed, with all tho machinery. They were burnt down on the 21st. The estimated dam age is £12,300. The works are insured for £4000 in tho Victoria, National Alliance, Pacific Sydney, and Australian Insurance Companies. The oxcitemont regarding tho deposits of 'tin' recently discovered in tho Quart Pot Kettle and Sugar Loaf Creok continues, and the most favorable reports havo been circulated respecting tho woolth of metal contained in the drift, which has beon testod in various parts of the tin district. On Monday afternoon last a small parcol of 'stream' taken from Messrs. Hooper, Spiro, and Co. 's selection in tho vicinity of tho Pot, was smelted by Mr. Jos. Dandy, of this town, and a magnificent, ingot of pure tin was obtained therefrom. A fine sample also was obtained by Mr. D. Grigs from a parcel of drift obtained near the Broadwator. The sam ples may be inspected at the Sovereign Hotel until nnftH An Slii+.nv/inxr iiovf. A piimnnr rnn.oliorl town yestorday morning that a silver mine had beon dispoverod within a few miles of tho town of Warwick, and that thefortunate prospectors had rofused £1000 for their interest. The prospect ors passed through Toowoomba yosterday after noon, and wore loudly cheered at the railway station. We have it on th,e best authority that an offor of £10,000 cash, with a fourth share in tho profits of one thousand acres of tin country, was offered by Mr. Thomas Perkins, of Too wooinba, on behalf of a party of mining capital ists, and rofusod by Captain Johnson, who continues his priinitivo system of washing at tho head of tho Ruby and Seven-mile Creeks. — D. D. Gazette. ' 