(MOIS FROM ttu BY GEOFFR.Y CRABTHORN. Didn't I tell you so? It is true I never expected that my pleonastic Parliament would be so ready to endorse their Geoffry's predication touching their procrastinating proclivities, but it is plain that their respect for my opinion of their powers was snch that they felt bound to act accordingly. ElBe why, when the Commissioner of Public Works came down to the House crammed as full of figures as the late Mr. Babbage's calculating ma^higp, and demonstrated with mathematical method and algebraic eloquence the pressing necessities of our Main Roads, did the House so promptly postpone the Bill for a month? Clearly because they recognised their peculiar functions, and saw that two ends were to be gained by breaking off in the middle. End the first: a vindication of their new art of legislation by pntting urgent questions on the shelf, as if, like new-made jam, they would settle themselves thero. End the second: the delight of re-debating the question a few days after without any inconvenient degree of responsibility—as they did under cover of Mr. Rogers' motion for an extra £50,000 for the roads, which was characteristically postponed likewise. I ob serve, by the way, that that Bapient politician does not see why we should mriBh from running into debt for road mainte- nance. I cordially agree with I sadly want the road made by my place, and its turn will never come until the Road Board have unlimited means at their command. I consider roads are to the country much what clothes are to the man. A coating of metal is to the one just what a coating of broadcloth is to the other. They keep up circulation, they are constantly getting out of repair—in which case the adage anent a stitch in time applies , equally to a stone—and they wear out with alarming rapidity. To completethe analogy itonly needs Mr. Rogers' dictum that your Boad Bui like your tailor's bill should never be settled. I commend this axiom to the consideration of the House when the adjourned debate comes on, and I am sure the good sense of members will recognise its force. Meantime, if these habits of postponing and redebating every question are to be kept up, the Parliament should get a suitable Executive to carry out the new policy, in which case I respectfully suggest the following amended titles:— 1\. The Chief Sectary—whose duty will be to "cut away" from every unpleasant topic. 2\. The Leisurer—who will of course keep tie Assembly from doing anything practical. S. Hie Returner-General—who will lead the House back to redebateold questions. 4\. The Commissioner in Gown and Bands—who will be always preaching and never performing. 5\. The Commissioner of Public Shirks and Manager of Snail-ways. Our District Schoolmaster, who is evidently a believer in Dr. Darwin's theory of development, and who has apparently been reading Court Hope's quaintly-writ L«n " Paradise of Birds," sends me a letter upon the long-talked-of dock for your new Post- Office, my Adelaidean Public. Whatever other endowments this - gentleman may be blessed with, he certainly possesses a vivid imagination. He lids us look forward to the time when the gradual development of the new Post-Office, from the laying of the corner-stone^ by His Royal TTigTinm^ the Duke of Edinburgh, to the inauguration and winding-up of the new clock By the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, shall be a matter of colonial history. He also pictures * schoolroom of the future, where a worthy pedagogue is giving to a of intelligent boys a metrical account of the interesting circumstances that occurred before the consummation of our hopeB was reached. In the following extract the intelligent reader [I don't mean you, my Public] will trace the influence of the Darwinian hypo thesis:— THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE POST-OFFICE CLOCK; PEDAGOGUE. In that building obscure, not ordained te endure, which the folks the old Post-Office call There was much to annoy a man, woman, or boy from its very inadequate Hall; While at mail times the rushing of those who oame crushing for stamps for their letters or papers. Of whom half wanted change, a phenomenon strange, kept the over- worked clerks cutting capers. So jarred the old {dace, with its limited space, and Lewis tried hard to improve it, But at last the confusion induced the conclusion that Government ought to remove it If you doubt what I state, just peruse the debate, where a thousand analogies hint That members agreed the new works should proceed, and without any niggardly stint. As the building progressed, all the people confessed that, to add to its beauty and power, It ought to aspire just a little bit higher—and this was the cause of the Tower. Now the 'Tower, getting tired of thus being admired, up there in the sunshine and shewer Its leisure -would mock, with the hopes of a clock. CHOBTTS OF BOTE. Oh most horologieal Tower! FEDAGOG UK. Then that Tower let us call the most foolish of \- all, for without any shame or contrition. He gave to the place a ridiculous face, a foursided rank imposition. CHOBUS OF BOTS. A four-sided rank Imposition. PEDAGOGUE. - Yes, made but to mock, with the face of a clotk, . but T"'"" b the usual Vi^nrl^ ifid endowed with no tongue to proclaim right or wrofig" the drifting away of life's sands; But the animadversion and frequent insertion ef letters addressed to Pre^ Quite opened the eyes of the xower/so unwistf as to get himself into this mess. And he saw in the distance the strife and resistance that must for a season take place, Ere the clock of his dream would be reigning supreme o'er the stupid ridiculous face. So suspense he endured till at last he secured the aid of an eminent man, Who on his behalf challenged censure and chaff and got the clock put on the plan. Then straightway were sent long letters anent the clock for this city so loyal, To Professor Airy, whose answers were wary, as.fitsan Astronomer-RoyaL But at last, after years of dejection and fears, the tower was adorned with a clock, And has managed to reach what it tails soul and speech, and hps ceased to deceive or to mock. And the clock may aspire, like its virtuous sir$ to have some reward for its trials, And may open its eyed some fine mom in surprise, on a circle of juveaile dials. CHORUS OF BOTS. A Circle of Juvenile Dials ! My man Simon is an inveterate politician, and,'fulfilling the old aphorism of " like master like man," he wades laboriously through the Parliamentary debates. Being, nevertheless, no scholar, he is nowise particular as to questions of orthography— indeed, as he says himself, he is too much used to hard work to care about spelling. This peculiarity accounts for lus coming to me a tew days ago in high indignation at the following statement in the Legislative Council report:— "Ayes—Crozier. Morgan, Neales, Santo. Storrie teller." He was not quite clear whether the reporter's gratuitous imputation of falsehood applied to Mr. Santo only or to Messrs. Crozier, Morgan, and Neales as welL In the latter case he supposed the printer had left out the final "s" ; but he saw clearly enough it was high time Mr. Boucaut's new Privilege Bill was passed. I congratulate yon, my Public, on having secured the services of such an energetic administrator as the Hon. Treasurer. Not only does he win approval as a finished orator, ofttimes swaying the vexed Assembly to his will; not only does he shine conspicuously as a brilliant financier; but he now appears in an equally favourable light as Supervisor of Wharfs and Harbour Works. It is evident that no detail of his office, however trivial it may be, is deemed too insignificant for his attention ; no single duty is shirked, be it the compiling of a Budget, the inspection of our colonial defences—to wit, two rusty, dusty, fusty guns—or the tasting of mysterious mollusca. In this last capacity he seems to have been particularly happy at the Port last week, if imay judge from the following statement of the Register: —"The Government Yard was next inspected, and Captain Ferguson exhibited large stone covered with oysters, which had been dredged from the inner bar. The Treasurer tested one of these and pronounced it a • real oyster.'" This flattering tribute to the solitary bivalve thus provided for Ids delectation has naturally suggested the following verses:— YE POEM OF YE DISCONTENTED OTSTER. An oyster reclined on a fragment of stone Bewailing its mournful fate. And murmuring forth in a dolorous tone These words which I now will relate. " Oh happy was I in the depths ef the sea! As I sat on my limestone rock. Enclosed In my shell, from all jeopardy free, My enemies then I could mock. "But sudden one morn came the dredging machine Attackmg the home of my birth. And bearing me up its dread clutches between With symptoms of horrible mirth. " And here in this place was I cast in disdain To die in the sun or to rot, 'With no soothing sea-water to pity my pain Or mourn my unfortunate lot. < e Oh why was I ever sent into this world? Oh what was my mission in life ? Oh was I ordained in this place to be hurled? Or am I to die by the knife ? " Oh better the dredger had left me alone, To drag out my innocent days, All snugly ensconced on the fragment of stone Acquainted so well with my ways. " But here in the sun on this rubbish-heap left I gaze on the pitiless sky; Of victuals deprived and of water bereft. I famish! I faint! and I die!" With that the poor oyster relied round in his shell, Preparing to give up the ghost, When he caught the quick eye of a Government swell Who lolled with his back to a post. He seized the young bivalve, inserted his blade, And vety soon settled its fate; And then a respectful obeisance he made, And gave it the Treasurer straight. The Treasurer opened his mouth pretty wide, A smile o'er his countenance stole. He gave a big gulp, it went down with a slide, He swallowed the oyster all whole. So the oyster whe often his fate had denounced Was destined to furnish a meal For the Treasurer who to the party pronounced The bivalve decidedly "real." MORAL. Dissatisfied members'this'lesson may lesun, That fate is a very fair measurer/- : And eome day it may be their fortune to earn Well merited praise from the Treasurer. ANTI-MORAL. Pa'contra, dissatisfied members may frown At the Treasurer's action with fury, Thus to "butter them up when he slethers them down," As the Counsellor did with the Jury. CRABTHORN'S CORRESPONDENCE. [The following letter must speak for itself, though ! confess its utterance is not very explicit:—] Dear Maker Geoffiy—Which it do seem to me that that pore young tradesman as was very respectable and innocent-like should not have been a-scrouged and a- pulled through the streets, which is in no way desirable when a body have a nice new bombazine gown, but which they thihgs he do not wear, being as how he have the misfortune to be a mail and a brother, which that there policeman had no call to a-took of him up off his post, where he were a- smilin and a-talking quite affable like to two young females as he was the employee of, and so to be 'debased and degraded like by a policeman -a-draggin on him off right before their very eyes, which it do seem to me should have a-crushed that there policeman for his impotence. Hut. thank goodness as we have that dear map Mr. Cramer—Lord love his sweet face, as do remind me of my pet tabby as I wouldn't part with not fornothink—a-protectin of the innocent, and a-seekin to suspend what the poets calls the sword of D——ocles over the heads of them as of ends against his country's laws, and a HemPtoo as might be proud and hairy-toe-acrafcic, but which is umble and meek and a xample fit to foller, though it do s$em that no-one up and spoke for No. 53, as made the question seem one-sided like as isn't fur accordin to the feelins' of Englishmen, which I do something should be said for No. 53, as might have been hard druv and hasty like, and too willin' for to do his dooty, which it were proper he should, though a dragging of a nice^ dean-shaved young man along the street in the hye of all beholders, and particular of Mr. Ward, M.P., a coming from Chuteh, were not his dooty by no means, which I means see the end of tins affair, Master and remains. Sec., TABITHA TATTLETON. 