IN THE CROWD ON THANKSGIVING DAY. By Pitbii 'Possum. If I had accepted the seat kindly offered me on Lud- gate Hill to see the show, I should have been obliged to give "if you're waking, call me early call me early," orders overnight, and to have started in the morning still munching my breakfast, or the chances would have been that I should not get to my place , but having no Odi prof anton vulgus et arcco prejudices, I have elected to struggle through or drift with the throng, and, therefore, am able to get up at my usual time, and eat my morning meal in peace. When I get outside my door a north-east breeze in Perth ently nips my nose, and a mist, partly slate coloured, partly like brown holland in a state of vapour, hangs over Highgate Cemetery, and the green meadows, green dotted black trees, and brown brick- fields around-the cemetery gravestones shimmer ghost-like, and a grey mist is curling over the edges of the green banked Maiden-lane reservoir A red sun, however, is forcing its rays through the clouds, promising, after all, " Queen's weather." The route I am take is strangely quiet On any other morning, except Sunday, I should have met city men hurrying to train, and 'bus, and tramcar, but they are their belongings were off long ago to secure their seats along the line of procession, hospitably given, or hired at prices which ran up to three guineas each off in all kinds of vehicles. The livery stables of the neighbourhood have hired traps wholesale to supplement their own plant, and jet their keepers have to mourn over scores of orders they have been unable to execute Later in the day people swarm out from London, Highgate, and Hampstead wards, almost as if it were Good Friday or E aster Monday, but in the Junction Road I see three people only, and only one of these is centrifugal. He is a cheerful- looking fellow, appear more) fond of solitaire jollity. Now he smokes, and anon he takes the pipe out of his mouth that he may bring Smoking and singing alternately, he turns up by the deserted Boston Arms, bound, perhaps, for Barnet A funny little white flag, which looks like a very small chorister's rumpled surplice, has twisted itself round the flagstaff protruding from one of the turrets of St John the Baptist's church. This is the first display I see of loyal bunting, The red brick Kentish. Town station of the Midland Railway is besieged , the tTamcar outside is crammed. Higher up, in front of the Bull and Gate, there is a row of yellow buses, full or Idling. As the) come back from Oxford-street empty, passengers bound for Oxford-street board them, and do the first part of their journey by riding away in cm their destination. In the one I enter I had a young man in charge of four ) young ladies. He fidgets over them as a hen passes after ducklings about to take the water. One of them he compels to stow away) in her stay s all her jewellery, when the previously smart maiden fours at being metamorphosed into comparative Puritan and glances reproachfully at the brooches, Sec , which her companions are still per- muted to wear. "Ah, but they haven't got to cross the crowd and you have," answers her anxious escort. "If you'd worn those things outside, you'd have been bound to lose them." At the bottom of the Tottenham Court Road we get out no 'bus may cross Oxford- street to-day. In roadway and on footpath crowds are slowly moving in three or four opposite, and sometimes crossing streams, staring at the gay) bunting that droops above their heads, at the parti-coloured festoons, the decorated master, and fresh painted lamp-posts, as if they were, I not in one of the most familiar thoroughfares of Lon- | don, but had suddenly been transported to Tarry Land Policemen and soldiers keep the road on both sides, in the roadway mounted police are keeping open a passage for the long single line of carriages which is creeping on towards the Cathedral The only other vehicles in the roadway art tumbrils, out of which men are still scattering small gravel. Of course, there is no time to stop, and they pretend to be pairing it about impartially, but I cannot help face) ing that the) take aim at the cafes and other prominent portions of persons to whom, for some inscrutable reason, they feel antipathetic, Shuttered Regent-street, with only a few people dribbling through it, looks very odd A string of banners, however, dangles over it, and tiny crowd is clustered on the opposite pavement, cunningly watching the antics of a bladder little elephant, which with strange vagaries falls as he would dine, at the end of a pole stuck out of a top window in the Stereoscopic Company's establishment People are streaming down St James's-street, Pall Mall is crammed, gaily dressed ladies rise in banks at the open club windows like tier above tier of flowers The battlements of St James's Palace are occupied, laces peer out of its dusky casements A maiden in white looks outside a window on the top floor of one of the club-house , foolhardy fellows stand on the edge of the parapet of two of the earliest of them I take up my stand by the lamp-post, at the corner of St James's-street and Pall Mall A little clergy- man, in charge of a pupil in a college cap, endeavours to put his protege on the best side of the lamp-post for seeing, but a man from the crowd takes possession of it on the cool plea that he had secured it an hour ago. " Oh well," Says the innocent little clergy- man " of course you ought to have it, if you took it first " " Give the boy a leg up," says the man. "He can stand this t'other side, and have as good a view as it had given £5 for a place " " But now I come to think of it," adds the little clergyman, " will he incur any legal responsibility 3 I should not wish to run counter to authority " " Lor bless ye, no," answers the man. " In course the bobbies will order us down, but then we needn't mind 'im, for they can't get at us " The boy accordingly is hoisted up, and to show his knowledge of the world, the little clergyman keeps on exhorting little Hugh to keep his pluck up. " Look here," presently cried little Hugh-a ragged tramp is clambering up to him. The little clergyman mildly expostulated, explaining that the lamp-post is already occupied. But the tramp says there is room enough for three, and proves that there is by maintaining his footing on the post. He cuts off the little clergyman's view. At first the little clergyman makes timidly spiteful little pushes at the tramp's ragged skirts, but at last he half loses his temper, and is betrayed into saying-still mildly " How the deuce can a person see an) thing when another person will keep on getting in his way > " "I'll put him) self this way, sir, when the procession comes along," says the tramp, making a bow of his body. " You say so, my friend, but I am afraid you will forget to doit," remarks the little clergymen with quiet satire and then, in perfect good faith, he proceeds to give little Hugh some very erroneous information. " Who's that, and that," asks little Hugh, as the carriages roll by and his guardian answers him, not from knowledge, but according to the light of nature often it is done. " That is either the Persian Ambassador or the Turkish, or Nawad Nanm, or Maharajah Dhuleep Singh," says the little clergyman, as a doubt gentleman in a fiery and gold laced uniform rolls by Hussars begin to press the crowd backwards, not with the steady pressure of the Household" Cavalry, but by making their horses rear. There is a I am An old Frenchman in front of me avails himself of the opportunity to embrace the waist of a pretty girl in front of him. An old lady tries hard to give back a dig with her elbow for every push that she receives in the whole, however, there is great good temper Nearly every one is laughing. A nervous elderly gentleman fights his way out of the crowd, gasping like a. drowning man. '. Ur, I thought he was took bad, chuckled a fat man-" how he were a shaking." A roar " P'r'aps his good lady had a let go of his hand, and he were afraid he should lose himself," the was adds. A second year. Cheers. A carriage, with the royal liveries rolls out from Marlborough House yard, en route for Buckingham Palace, White handkerchiefs flutter like doves taking wing. Women dip up and down like piano-hammers The old Frenchman tries to lift the plump pretty girl, but only succeeds in crumpling her drapery. "A very fine demonstra- tion," he complacently remarks We wait a weary while, but at last the Speaker's swinging carriage lumbers out of St James's. " I thought the Lord Mayor was to meet the Queen across back," grumbles no unenlightened youth. "I got such a capital sight of the top of a whip," says a short young woman he- hard me, so good-tempered I invite her to avail herself of my shoulder , whereupon she unceremoni- ously mounts me pick-a-back, and clings to me like Sinbad's old and just as the Duke of Edinburgh's brown face goes by, some crazy planks for the privilege of standing on which a dozen people have given five shillings each come down with a crash into the gutter. The Queen has Queen's weather-dim, grim old St James's is lighted up by a brilliant blink of sunlight as she comes out of it but she has not shown her usual punctuality. The palace clock points to a quarter-past 12. More cheers, more cappings up and down, and cries of " There she is-there he is how well he looks how pale he looks ain't he grown held and there's the sweet Pnnctss, God bless her -where which carriage-why there, with the six horses don't you see John Brown's" Aberdonian John is perched behind his mistress's carriage, grinning from ear to ear. When the Queen has passed, a flood body out of Pall Mall westward as well as eastward. I am carried off by the westward stream, and at last make my way to Buckingham Palace via the Green Park. Two dense lines of passengers are pour- ing through the park into Piccadilly, The space around the Palace is still crammed Roughs are bullying nervous people into liberal payments for stands from which they have seen not! mg The wall of St James's Park is choked with crowds of foot passengers, through which carriages and foot and horse police and soldiers with difficulty force their way. Out into still thronged Pall Mall again by way of the Duke of York's steps, and so beneath miles of drooping bunting along the circle of the gaily decorated route. I from more than one stand in Duncannon street returning mounted police are heartily cheered The force is so unaccustomed to popular applause that the men look crusty at first as if they thought they were being unfairly chaffed Some of the prettiest effects of the decoration arc windows set in frames of arts - cial flowers At the open window of one gaily dressed first floor stands an old gentleman gravely swing, and catching in his hat the horns which are thrown up to him for fun by passers by Trout other windows cakes and coppers are being scrambled amongst the crowd On a ledge outside one window stands an unfortunate footman, helpless butt of the satire of a knot of the young fellows in billycock hats and comforters who rush in strings through London crowds, bonneting right and left with their short sticks John Thomas fidgets and actually blushes as these street wits about up to him, " Ovv you're a report of yourself Am t you ashamed, John, to show your legs in that indecent manner There is on impenetrable jam at Temple Bar, which is white and gold and ornamented like a twelfth cake I get into Chancery lane by way of Clement s Inn and Clare Market A double line of policemen, shoulder to shoulder, blocks the bottom of the lane The gates of Sergeant s Inn are closed Through a nest of narrow Court-the few inhabitants left in which stare in astonishment at the strangers streaming or dribbling through their dim, dirty Zigzag apparent no thorough fares find my way into Letter lane, and so at last into Fleet-street Horse Guards block the triumphal arch at its eastern end, but a detour to the south and under the arches of the L. C. and D. Railway brings me out on Ludgate Hill, just opposite Good Words Office A white faced clergyman staggers up to me, with a white faced woman staggering after him "For God's sake let me pass, he says, " this lady has been crushed Neither he nor his wife will venture into a London crowd again, I fancy Iwo ranks of Scots Fusiliers block Ludgate Hill at the corner of the Old Bailey The stalwart men lean back upon the crowd, but the pressure is so great that the double line of bearskins undulates like a snake The officer in command orders the rear rank to affix their bayonets and face about It is fortunate that the bayonets are unfixed, for the crowd square up to and pitch into the soldiers, and the Fusiliers, not unnaturally look vicious as they clench their teeth, and club their rifles Above the tumult rises the grand Cathedral dome, with its golden red inscription -' I was bled when they said unto me let us go unto the house of the Lord Down comes a yard of gilt stand cornice almost on my head I had just managed to work myself up within five of the Guards when the Royal carriage, its occupants looking excited, tired, but yet happy, turns the Old Bailey corner on its road homewards Another detour through the old fashioned streets which lie to the south of St Pauls Churchyard Red uniforms, blue uniforms, black velvet uniforms, black clerical gowns, fur trimmed blue marsupial gowns, little boys in college caps and tOld laced red coats, bewildered ladies and gentlemen in all kinds of creased costumes-the clergymen looking especially crumpled In a quiet city lane through which I am making a roundabout and yet comparatively rapid cut to the Holborn Viaduct I notice a peculiar manifestation of thanksgiving loyalty Two middle aged women, very drunk, and endeavour- ing to lift their left toes, danseuse fashion, over every reason post they pass The Christ's Hospital boys are merrily) scampering about their stand in Giltspur street The little charity girls still sit looking very scared in their poke bonnets, in the Oxford Circus triumphal arch Every now and then there is a jam I almost get my ribs stov t in at the Marble Arch One of the queerest inscriptions I see is this - A fip for Alabama claims ! Let come what may Our Prince has claims Oil! England pays To ii 21 The crowd is critical upon seatholders who still retain their seats in the stands ' Guts ' they li have their pens orth out, is one polite remark I overhear Another is "Yes, the dresses is handsome is the woman's fates, you see, as spikes em A tall man in a blue bonnet thinks himself very facetious in treading upon the heels of every old woman he over takes, and then calling out "It am my fault marm Shut up, you dirty Scotchman, ' is the brilliant repartee which his brilliant suit evokes Tickled girls giggled hysterically) in the thickest of the crowd, and --quiet scented waters from fountain bottles into the faces of their chief chaffer And be through Hyde Park, past the led stands from which the congregated v estr) men of London saw the blow, into Piccadilly) and back into the Leicester Square region of restaurants 1 everywhere a crowd In the first resting place I enter, I knock and call for 20 minutes but the waiters are too busy to take my i orders Accordingly I start for Bibra is in St Martin s lane where I at last get a waiter to compass tionate m) case On my road home I find that even St Giles s has joined in the days show-a string of flags spanning the load at Seven Dials 