OPENING OF SS. PETETJ AND PAUL'S ' OATHEDKAL, GOULBUJRN. Sunday, 17th November. 1872, will long be remembered by the people of Goulburn, tlie district surrounding, and by those who came from a distance to be present at the opening oi the finished portion of the new Cathedral oi Sts. Peter and Paul. The day was all that ?»au1--i lin wishftfl. nloiidv and cool, with a gentle sea-breeze blowing. From an early part ot the morning Masses were every half- hour till b ©'clock celebrated in the boy's school-room for the accommodation of those who were not able to be in attendance at the opening ceremonies m the new Cathedral. Many persons had come in irom the country the night previous, and durin' the morning crowds wended their way to the church. About 10 the doors were opened, and the vast building had soon seated in it a large and respectable congregation ; but numerous as was the assemblage, between 1000 and 1200, there was, owing to the splendid ?width- and breadth of the Cathedral, room for the accommodation of a couple of hundred more. At 11 o'clock the procession .of the Arch bishop, Bishops, arid Clergy, left the Presbytery and proceeded to the front door of the Cathe dral— the members of St. Peter's branch of the Catholic '; Guild- inJ- regalia Aat ; its head; His Grace the Archbishop of' Sydney in full canoni cals— before whom were borne by acolytes the cross, the holy water, 'and the incense— was pre ceded by the Right RevYDr. Lanigan. Bishop of Goulburn ; Plight Rev. Dr. M. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst ; Right Rev. Dri O'Mahony,: Bishop of Arroidale ; Very Rev. S: J. A. Sheehy, Vicar General of Sydney -;' Very ? Eev. M. MfAlroy, Vicar-General of this diocese, Albury ; Arery Eev.'Dr. Forrest, St. John's College, Sydney j Very Rev. Dean Forde, Rev. D. J. D'Arcy, Rev. Pere Garavel, and Eev. V. Colletti, from Sydney ; VeryI;'Eev.' P. Dunne, Eev. M. Slattery, - Eev. E. M 'Carthy, and Eev. Mr. Dwyer, of Goulburn .;? Eev. J. Gallagher, of Yass ? Rev. H. M. Fiimegan, of Young ; Eev. J. Dowling of.Albury j Eev. L. Keating and Hey. J. Dunne of Burrowa and Murfumburrah. .The procession passed round the side of the Cathedral facing Ve'mer-street ? and came to the front and principal entrahcej the ? doors having been., closed, where an invocatory prayer was offered up. The Archbishop -then took, holy water and sprinkled the -outward walls, the procession moving round the Epistle side of the Cathedral, the Bishops and clergy reciting the Miserere. .Having returned to the front entrance, the procession entered at the large door, the Arch bishop, Bishops, and clergy singing the Litany of the Saints, and proceeded by. the Epistle side to the sanctuary, when it and the altar, were dedicated to God,, .under, the'' invocation of Saints Peter and Paul. ? The Litany being con cluded, the following. prayer was offered.up.:— ''OGod, who sanctilieth the .places to be dedicated, to Thy Name- : .pourtf ortli Thy. grace upon this 'house of prayer ; tLat the help of- Thy mercy may be felt by all .who :here shall; invoke Thy Name. Through Christ Our Lord.'. . - : The procession-, re-formed ;and .his . Grace Messed the interior oi the Cathedral, sprinkling the (t walls with ' holy, ; water, the Bishops aii'd blergy reciting the cxix psalm. . ' .,' The procession having made the internal circuit of the Cathedral, returned to the sanc tuary, and the clergy robed for the solemn High Mass. ... His Grace the Archbishop was the celebrant ; the Very Eev. ;Dr. Sheehy, assistant jpriest; Very Eev. P. Dunne and Eev. J: Dunne, assistant deacons at the throne ; Eev. Pere Garavel, deacon, and Eev. . ;Mv : Slattery, .sub-deacon of the Mass ;. Eev.- ,V. Colletti, master of ceremonies, assisted, by Eev. J. Ga.lr , lasher. His Grace descended from the throne and bowing to his suffragan Bishops ' seated at the Epistle side of 'the albar, proceeded with, the Mass, celebrating it' with that piety, ease, grace, and dignity which are characteristic of liis Grace, and notwithstanding his great age lie' went through the whole ceremonial without anv -nnvfifmtihle faticme. ' ' The choir under tlie supervision of Miss Stombuco sang the following music at the Mass : — Jvyrie and Gloria from Mozart's 12th Mass, Credo from Haydn's 3rd Mass ; Offertory piece (solo) by Mattoo, sung- by Miss Stombuco ; Sauctus and Benedictus, from Weber?s Mass in G ; Agnus Dei from Haydn's 3rd' Mass.' At the conclusion of the Mass, tlie Very Eev. Dr. Forrest ascended the pulpit and preached. Addressing his Grace, the Lord Bishops, Eev. Gentlemen, and Brethren, he said it was his privilege, by the invitation of the Bishop of Goulburn, to be present that day and address a few words to the congregation, and he should do so as briefly as . possible. That day was an auspicious one — one of gladness to the venerable prelate who presided, taking upon himself the duties of a very much. younger man — a day of gladness to their Bishop, who had so success fully carried out the. work which under God, he ?\va$ destined to supervise— a day of gladness to, the energetic priests who had so nobly taken niyon themselves the labours assignee! to them—, iintl'allay of gladness to the generous and open liearted people who had co-operated in the woi;k of building so magninceht,a structure. He wouid/ ask them a simple question — why had they built' this' Church '!— and. lie would offer, a simple answer, in so aomg, lie would only say what lie thought their good Bishop would have had' iiim say if had '.had the opportunity.'.. It was simply as' an external or outward visible sign of the' adoration they owed to the Almighty. He anight say that they enjoyed a high privilege in being allowed1 to build such a Church,' dedicated to God. Solomon, who was permitted to erect a temple to the glory of the Lord, '..'possessed a higher privilege than did his father, whose ?iiaiids were stained with blood, and he in '? his gratitude said :' Is it then indeed to be thought that. God should dwell upon' earth? for if : heaven,- and the heavens of licavuns, cannot contain Thee/ how 'much less this house which I have built.' And again in all humility he prayed — 'That Thy eyes may be upon this house night and day, upon the house of which Thou hast said : My name shall be there, that Thou mayest hearken to the prayer which Thy servant prayeth in this place to Thee.' He was not going to detain them, as he felt for the position of the venerable prelate who ])resided, and who was still fasting ; but he would ask them to consider again why the ehurch was built, and for what purpose the cere monies of the day took place ? He would enter into no controversy upon the subject ; it was not a day upon which refutation should be offered to the ideas of those who cavilled at ceremonies, and he would not do so ; but as he had already said, their ceremonies and their Church were outward signs of that homage which they owed to God, in whose service they had . to labour here for a short time, after which, if they were faithful servants- — true to themselves and true to the Divine Majesty who graciously sustained them every moment of their lives — they should enjoy eternally His heavenly presence. A philosopher, and one of no mean position, had compared man to the least of the animal creation — an ant, born at sunrise, that attained its maturity at noon and died at night ; and how truly might it be said of man that this denotes his span of life ! How little time has he to do good from the cradle to the grave, and how little valuable use is made of that short period ! It was an undobted fact that love and prayer were essen tial to the heart in order to fulfil the end for which we were created ; but it was equally ap parent that these attributes were woefully abused. So also in many cases are ceremonies, the external signs of our devotion, interest, and affection. He Avas not going to prove the ne cessity of ceremonies, although they had a most august ceremony that morning to mark the opening of the cathedral, but he might mention that in all departments, in every circumstance of life, ceremonies or outward signs were used to display the inward feelings. Ceremonies were the religion of the body, as prayer was the religion of the heart. They were used not only in the church, but in the army, the navy, the courts, the councils of the nation, and in fact in all departments higrh or low ; even the elements themselves, under the Almighty com mand of an .Ever-seeing Euler had their out ward visible signs — the thunder's roar and the lightning's flash indicated the coming storm. In the old law, ceremonies Avere divinely ordained. God Himself used ceremonies ; in the cure of the blind saliva Avas used ; the poor, the maimed, and the helpless Avere sent to His priests ; the leper Avas cured by God's messenger stirring the water in which they were cleansed. In fact the Avhole divine hvw, natural law, history, and society, were pourtrayed by ceremonies. He did not intend to defend the use of ceremonies against carpers, for it was obvious that they were necessary. And he might hoav ask again why they had built this magnificent church? The first and primary object Avas that they might aijlere their Creator.. In it infants Avould be cleasned from the sin of our first parents by the hofy Avaters at the baptismal font, and thereby be made heirs of the kingdom of hea ven ; later still, as they progressed and ariTved at years of maturity, their Bishop Avould con fer upon them strengthening graces in the sacra ment of Confirmation ; they Avould also be fed wrtmuie joreaa oi June at tne rans oi tne sanc tuary, of which our Divine Redeemer has told us that whosover shall partake worthily shall liAre for ever. In that church also would young hearts be indissolubly united in the bonds of matrimony, bearing Avith them God's blessing and. the blessing of His church, to iit them to fill the places of those who to-day celebrated its opening. They would -come to that church , as penitents — those Avho had knoAvn God's com mandments and openly violated them, as well as those, who had been led astray by bad pre cept and bad companions — the doors of which. ! would be open unto them as was Christ's charity to the prodigal son, as '? was God's love to the penitent Magdalen. They would in that church, enjoy, the benefits 'of that magnificent commission Avhich Christ gave to his bishops and priests -'. Go ye therefore and 'j teach all nations ; baptising them in the name ;of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; Avhose.siusyou shall forgive they are for given, and whose sins you shall retain shall be retained.' The sacrament of Extreme Unction could not be administered ?within the walls of the church, on account of the inability to be present of those avIio needed that sacrament ; but their priests (who had very, often to labour for not a very grateful . people) would be or dained within its Avails by their Bishop, and would, at all times be ready to tender their ser vices and render the consolations of religion to those who required them. These were some of the uses for Avhich the Cathedral church had been built, and he thought the Catholic people , were, privileged when they raised so noble a structure to the glory of God. He felt satisfied that . they took no undue credit' to _ themselves for having done so, and that they Avould do yet much .more than they had done. A Avork so ably begun should not be left unfinished; an offering .so Avorthy to present to Him avIio gave them all 'they possessed should not, remain incomplete or i embarrassed : for the teninlfiiinnn wTnnh man ;had a claim could not be said to be dedicated to God. It Avas probable, hoAvever, that the Catho lics might alloAV their Cathedral to remain in its .present condition for the present. If so, the duty of completing it would devolve upon their children; and the example set to - them would not be lost. 'When that time' came, their chil dren Avould remember that the hearts, throb bing: with exultation to-day for the- work they accomplished, Avould be mouldering in the tomb— the hands that were so generous in fur lnslinigassistanceinthegoodAvorkAverenomore— and they Avould consummate what their fathers began. They will remember that those who Had laid the foundation-stone of this church ? were those most near and dear to them — that they handed to them unsullied that old faith which has called into being the historic fanes of Eome and England, and has founded govern ments all over the world— and they Avill not prove degenerate children. They Avill remem ber that their fathers sacrificed property, liberty, life, and took the alternative of the dungeon or the scaffold, rather than the emolu ments which Avould reward them for apos tacy — and they would complete the Avork already commencad. This church Avas built for a greater purpose than that of Solomon's temple — to celebrate the Adorable Sacrifice of the Mass, the same sacrifice which was consum mated by our DiA'ine Redeemer on Mount Cal Arary. He Avas continually offered up as a sacri fice upon our altars in an unbloody manner foi the salvation of the people, for Avhoin he assumed a human body and soul. It Avas for this they built their church. He would not pretend to instruct them on this occasion, as eArery Catholic must be sen sible of the facts he had stated, AA'hich Avere to be found in their catechism. Man OAves to God adoration — and is incapable in himself of rendering adoration ; hence the Almighty has supplied him a Divine Victim— a Sacrifice of which St. Paul spoke as 'incomprehensibly great' — one which all Christian people recognise as calling forth their adoration. They had also duties of a serious order to perform in that tem ple. They came there to pray (and they all needed prayer), to honor God and humbly ask forgiveness of their sins ; they came to ask for favors and graces ; and those favors would be extended to them if they were solicited Avith that humility, reverence, and respect which ought to actuate every Christian upon entering the house of God — the gate by which they would eventually enter heaA'en. There Avas a narroAV and a broad road, and it Avas to be feared many elected to follow the broad instead of the narrow path Avhich leads to heaven. He Avould not assume that here any person came into the church for the sake of display of dress or per sonal attraction, but these things happened in other places, and churches Avere desecrated by bad intentions, by a violation of reason and common sense. The people who had built this church should remember that in it the last prayer Avould be offered up for them and that day Avas not. very distant. If possible they should endeavour to complete the good Avork. Their zealous Bishop, who had a historic name in the land from whence he came, desired nothing so much ; he had worked very hard for his people, and they would show their gratitude by finishing the cathedral, Avhilst he Avas still amongst them. They had their ceremonies and their proces sion that day, and they Avere almost concluded ; possibly their vanity and self-sufficiency Avere also satiated ; but they should recollect that they had but a short time to enjoy these re flections— that they, like Ninevah and other magnificent cities Avhich were all but forgotten — would soon be mute in dust, and that they were about to make room for those coming after them. Remembering this — remembering the short time allotted to fulfil their destiny, he now asked them to beseech the Almighty, be fore their last hour arrived, that He would sustain them by the sacraments of the church, that their guardian angels may be present, and that the ever-glorious and Blessed Virgin Mary would Avaft them on the wings of love to the presence of her Divine Son, a blessing Avhich he wished them all. Dr. Forrest- having passed into the sanctuary, Ms Lordship the Bishop of Goulburn ascended the temporary pulpit, and said he could not allow the present occasion to pass over without making a feAV observations. His remarks would be of a practical nature and very concise. The circumstance Avhich gave so much cause for joy to bishops, priests, and people — the opening of their neAV and beautiful Cathedral — must be his apoiogy for trespassing upon their patience. It had been arranged that besides the sale of | tickets a subscription should be opened, and i arrangements had been made so that all persons in the church would have afforded to them an opportunity of contributing. The circumstance which gave him so much occasion to be proud ' on that day, and Avhich he tuusted gave each of : them cause for congratulation, namely, the completion of the first part of their church, had entailed expenses over and above the generous contributions already given. Father Dunne Avould properly explain to them at a fitting time the position in Avhich they stood ; but in the meantime it Avas necessary that the debt upon the cathedral should be Aviped off, and that upon this occasion some practical exhibi tion of the people's good Avishes should be re ceived. While he appealed to them for an ex ercise of their generosity to free the building from debt, he was aAvare there Avere many pre sent Avho could not afford to do more than pur chase a ticket — that there Avere also many pre sent aa'Iio did not ' sympathise in their efforts — and lie desired to be distinctly understood when he said lie did not deem it incumbent upon them to ' distress themselves or even to assist. He simply appealed to those generous hearts Avho were Avith them and Avho could afford to assist, and' he felt certain he should not be disspijointed. and that t.lifiv wnulfl nil far^\ proud to say that their cathedral Avas free from all liability, A collection was then made, and when it was finished, .? His Grace the'^rchbisliop said lie was re quested by1 the Bishop of Goulburn to say a few words relatiye: to1 'the proceedings of the day. They Avere of such a character as to. give not only;satisfacti6n to'hilns'elf, but he trusted to the whole of the Catholic people. The building which they. had erected did great credit to them, to their good Bishop and to'the zealous priests' who had co-operated Avitli him; and it', would be a lasting monument to their zeal.' He was much pleased to see that the/subscriptions that day amounted to the haiidsonie sum. of £700i This enabled them in common language to turn the corner, and left only the small sum of £300 to be provided, when the church Avould be entirely out of debt. He was sure those Avho had given generously would never feel its want, and dur ing his long experience he had never found any person the poorer for Avhat he had given to God. The subscription for the cathedral had been s» nobly begun that it almost tempted one to com mence afresh, and thus clear the church at once from incumbrance. As they could not do this at present, OAving to the number Avho had gone home, he hoped soon to hear from their Bishop that the whole amount had been subscribed, that the noble structure was entirely freed from liability, and the Avay made clear to its further extension. He Avas indeed highly delighted Avith the progress Avhich religion had made in. this diocese, which reflected not only the high est credit on the Bishop and clergy, but upon the people themselves. His Grace then offered up a prayer for the welfare of the people and their children, feelingly alluded to those de parted, he hoped, to a better Avorld, the congre gation kneeling the while, and concluded by . giving his blessing. Of the finished portion of the building itself the folloAving description Avill giAre the people at a distance an idea of its proportions : — The external measurement is GO feet in length and 68 feet in width ; naAre, in the clear, 34 feet 3 inches ; side- aisles, in the clear, 13 feet 6 inches : height of clerestory from under the base, 37 feet 6 inches ; height of side-aisles, 17 feet 6 inches ; height of gable from base line to the top of cross, 75 feet 6 inches. The gable has a large four mullion'window, 21 feet high, 11' feet wide, Avith rich tracery ; also the side-aisles in the front have windoAvs Avith mullions and. tracery ; the front door is 14 feet high by 7 feet wide, and has a door-head of neat tracery. All the_ AvindoAV- jambs, windoAv -sills, arches, copings, knee-stones, triangle caps, buttress caps, quoins, and base are of Wingello stone,, from Mr. Chapman's Moorowowlon quarries, which is the very best stone procurable. All the mullions and tracery are of Pyrmont stone. The windoAvs of side-aisles and clerestory are mullion and tracery. The pillars inside are o£ Victorian Malmsbury bluestone ; each pillar is 1 foot 9 inches in diameter, octagonal ; the caps and base are richly moulded and all finely, tooled ; tlie shafts are patent axed. The arches of pillars are of Wingello stone ; the' height of arches and shafts is 22 feet from floor line, and 12 feet span. The slender look o£ the pillars with the massive work above giA'es it a beautiful effect. The plates and purlines of roof are of Oregon timber ; the ceiling is all ceiled with pine. The pillars arc resting on corbeils and ribs moulded resting on them, and forming arches under the ceiling ; all spandrils are filled up Avith rich tracery. A string-mould-: runs on the Avail and butts against each princi pal. All the rafters are stop- chamfered and ceiled on top of them. The side-aisles are also boarded on top of rafters ; the principals and: rafters are all stop-chamfered. The ceiling is. stained and varnished. The roofs are all covered Avith the best Bangor slates. The entire length of the church When finished will be 13S|jfeet ; width of transpet, 88 feet ; height of toAver and spire, 170 feet.G inches. In the eATening a grand dejeuner was given by his Lordship the Bishop. The Bishop of Goul burn proposed the health of the Pope. His Lordship the Bishop of Armidale, as last for the - Holy See, responded. Dr. Lanigan then pro posed the health of his Grace the Archbishop. His Grace, in reponse, gave an account of the early days of the mission of Goulburn, when in a slab hiit he first said mass and administered the sacrament of confirmation. The healths of their Lordshijjs the Bishops of Bathurst, Goul° burn, and Armidale, the Very Eev. M. M'Alroy, V.G., and of thte architect.. Mr. Stombucco,. were severally proposed and responded to. — Southern Argus. High Prices. — Flour is selling afc Eav ens wood, Queensland, at £35 per ton, beef and mutton 5d to Gd per lb., sugar 7d., and. maize £1 per bushel. Steameu Accident. — Tlie steamer Alchymist broke down on Monday morning Avhen crossing Brisbane Water bar. The vessel. was placed in an extremely dangerous position, and Captain Merritt succeeded in getting inside the bar .again and anchored in safety. The crew and passengers did not sustain any injury. Earthquake. — The most severe shock, of earthquake ever experienced at Queanbeyan occurred on Sunday morning, at ten minutes to 5\. The duration was about twenty seconds,,, and the direction from east to Avest. It created great alarm. Narrow ? Escape. — On Thursday fort night, during the thunderstorm, a branchless,, dead tree, which stood adjoining a paddock fence belonging to Mr. Hicks, junior, 'Candidas,' was struck by lightning. The electric fluid passed doAA'n the hollow ? trunk, and set the fence on fire. Fortunately it Avas noticed,, and by using considerable exertion, the flames Avere prevented from spreading, and the crop was sarad.| . . ' Too Good. — The 3£anaro Mercury -pvib^ lishes the -following' :— A feAV days ago Mr. John Butler's attention Avas drawn by his wife to the fact that a brood of nine young turkeys, just three -days old, had mysteriously vanished. Whilst searching about the selection, she ob served tAVO Iguanas close to the hen that had lost her chicks. , Mr. Butler at once got his rifle and shot both the reptiles, on opening. one of which he found the whole, of , the nine turkeys; Taking a rifle to kill an Iguana is not bad. Death from Fright. — An Adelaide journal states that during a pleasure party on board the ship South Australian on Saturday, 9th intant, at Adelaide, the captain's life-boafc upset in a squall, All the persous in the boat were rescued ; Mrs. Church, Avife of one of the partners in the firm of Harrold Bros., died from the effects of fright and immersion. 