PAWKINS GHOST George Pawkins, retired grocer and tallow-chandler, was out of business. People styled him retired gentleman ; at all events, he resided at Richmond —not on the Thames, but on the Yarra. The villa Pawkins, like other villas; was built on a well- grassed lawn, the borders of which were fringed with dark cedar trees, and were washed by the river. Paw- kins kept gold-fish, game- fowl, and (people said) a pig in the back yard ; was fond of company; patronised the legitimate drama ; never tried to become a member of Parliament; had £800 a year, and appeared duly registered on the Richmond rate- payer's roll as a gentleman. There was a Mrs Pawkins, a George Paw- kins, junior, and a few poor relations —the latter not recognised by the Richmond family Pawkins. Pawkins had several dead uncles, a great- great- grandfather, and a whole line of ancestors. Some of them had crossed the British Channel with William the Conqueror, and were recognised,— whilst others had bowed adieus to the British public at Tyburn, and were not recognised. There was a family dog-cart in the Pawkins coach- house, and an old roan mare did the honors—six times a week, and twice on Sundays, by way of exercise. There were no Misses Pawkins, and no little Pawkinses. Mamma Paw- kins had done her duty, and was content. Nothing short of sudden death, typhoid lever, small pox, or other inventions of the Evil One, could interfere in the matter of the name of Pawkins being handed down to grateful posterity. George Paw- of London, has stamped his likeness on the junior member of the family firm in much the same manner as Tony Barnes—a late partner of George's—had stamped the likeness of a pewter quart measure on the forehead of Pawkins the elder in a pothouse row in Seven Dials. But of this no more. Tallow Villa— Pawkins said the name was emble- matical, while Mrs P. stated con- fidentially that "Taller" was the name of her father's estates at Bally- shannassy, in the North of Ireland— was a Chinese puzzle. It had been designed by one architect, constructed by a second, and altered by a third ; while a fourth had added to it a hall, a conservatory, a suite of summer apartments, had blocked up the back staircase, altered the site of the kitchen water-butt, and had otherwise completely metamorphosed the villa. Pawkins loved company, and so did his wife ; while Pawkins junior loved little else than billiards and being out until two o'clock in the morning. If Pawkins invited a friend to dinner, he had one standing way of putting the request—"Dine with me, sir ; I hate humbug, sir ! Come to my house, sir, and drink my wine, sir— but no humbug, sir !" Pawkins for- how he had humbugged the old women who had bought his fourpenny tallow candles, before he had retired from the horrid shop! But this is scarcely to the point. It was Christ- mas, and a large party had assembled at Tallow Villa to do honor to the occasion. We need to say nothing of the sweet turmoil the villa had been in during the four or five days prece- ding the great holiday. Mrs Paw- kins had been heard to declare she was a lady, and know'd her rights; no cooks with these new-fangled, jimcrack notions should upset her ; she know'd her place in her kitchen — she meant house—and, know'd what was the perkisites, too. There was an odor of pudding at Tallow Villa on Christmas morning, which no devices could dissipate. In the drawing-room, the sitting-room, the hall, the best bedroom, the conserva- tory, and even in Pawkins' study— George had read the "Grocer's Assistant." "Robinson Crusoe," and the "Arabian Nights,"—the highly aromaticscent was plainly perceptible. Pawkins had gone to town—had left the villa in disgrace on Christmas morning. He had essayed to catch and to kill, in cold blood, the Christ- mas turkey ; but in the chase after the noble bird, had slipped, lost his balance, and plunged head-foremost through the conservatory, upset and smashed to fragments an aquarium—Mrs P doted on aquari- ums—cannoned against a huge pier- glass and shivered it ; and had finally landed in the drawing-room, after being shot through the plate= glass windows ; having quietly broken, in his fall, two rare Egyptian vases, an ormula eight-day clock, a whole catalogue of glassware, tore the curtains down as he grasped the silken rope, and finally overset two »'<>!>«, and finally overset two la r = e k(, '' osene 'amps on the elegant B l ' uss «'s carpet. These playful eccentricities—accidental though they were—h.id slightly ruffled .the even , e . m P er ol * lie maternal representative oi tll e house of Pawkins, and the con sequence was, George quitted the hallcoi n P a "y «»th the set of fireiro,lS ,rom tlie drawing-room fender, l,le dif l 'erence being in the mode of P ,,0 P u,si0r) Pawkins was a free a " cut > and propelled himself, whereas tlle were propelled by Miss ! 1 - awkllls * However, George Pawkins, of Richmond, gentleman, re l I . micd hoine to Tallo . w Villa at two o cloc,i to eat his Christinas dinner, Hc was a ,a r - s eeing man, and was pre P ared ,or tlle eneniv. The weapons warfare were simple. Pawkins was well aware of the fact that only the biggest guns would do execution ; so he carried the heaviest metal lie could find—a £5t)-note. P.nvkins mamma capitulated at once, and was to Hawkins papa llmv he ,llied lhe ? aIad in ' de l - > eace ensue d > as a matter of cour.,e ; £50 l> tl,e ll0,lsie of .I'awkius. a,, d the-head of thelaniily liked salad. ' 11)e Pawkins family dined, and a'urobercd after the heavy feed ; then rose a S a,li 5 ini! >' ! >ed port wine, and were c0,,tent that- Christmas had be e " ®P ent as !t sho »l d lio.'^ It was an awful moraellt wheuJie told the partner** liis joys | and sorrows that lie had, in a careless moment, invited a dumber ol friends to a spiritual seance, at Tallow Villa, at eight o'clock • (hat Christmas evening. But Pawkins mere crumbled the crisp, new £50 note in her red fat hand, and replied. " Papa, I'm delighted Jemima, prepare the library for the seance," The quests arrived at eight o'clock punctually, and the seance commenced in the library. There were ten rollick ing Spi ritists, but no medium could be found. This was a sad, but not an irreparable want, as young Fred Twister—the head, of the circle —soon found the requisite medium in the persou of Emma the cook, a buxom lass of eighteen, sound in wind and linib. The circle complete, the business of the evening commenced. Pawkins was not one of the party, being engaged with the Rev. Howard Spoonbill, in the drawingroom, but Mrs Pawkins played propriety, so every thing was nice ; even the young ladies—of which there were seven—all devout believers, up to the strongest youug-lady, power in Spiritism. Silence was proclaimed. The medium sat statue-like having been placed in the trance necessary. ' Silence !' Mrs Pawkins spoke, having been chosen to lead off. ' Silence ? Is the spirit of William lompkius presentV ; :' ' H® is/, the medium replied. ! « What is lie doing?* Pawkins mamma asked.' j ' Please Mum, he's a looking on at ' Measter a kissin' of Bella, the 'ouse- i maid, in the summer-'ouse ' ( 4 My husband kis — . This was enough; Pawkins ' mamma was oft', at tlie rate of four j good English miles an hour, in search j of her unfaithful spouse. In the 1 meantime Pawkins pereentered the| library; having disposed of the Rev J Howard Spoonbill, ho was induced to J try his luck. i ' Is the spirit of Timothy Tad^ers present?' asked the retired grocer ' 11 so, what is he doing ?' ' A walchin" of missus bei -g hugged by the coachman, in the grotto, near the suiiinier-'ouse!' came Uie reply, from Emma, the medium. Pawkins was olf like a rocket. He had heard quite enough to convince him—firm believer in Spiritism as he was —that the £50 note was misplaced. Of course Mrs Pawkins, who had gone in search of her lord, had not found sufficient evidence -ofthe dreadful outrage on her honor she had anticipated. The summer-house was =empty, and> if the truth must be told, Pawkins mamma was a little disappointed. ' She to be sold, and by a cook of a medium! well, she never 1 , she would ! yes, she would ' There was some one walking down the gravel path of the garden towards the summer houseit was Fred Twis'er. He paused, met Mrs Pawkins straight in the face, and said : 'Oh, beg pardon, Madame; Pawkins—that is Mr Pawkins has just left—left, the villa, in a cabj for the city. A man has bi-en found drowned in the Yarra, and lie, as coroner, you know, must " ' " Thanks heavens ! George is constant," murmured the lady . " wicked cook, to tell nic* my George \vas=—but' I'll, I'll—You're psrlecliy^sure you saw my dear husband ojr, Rl^tCwislerrri./?: Zi&vJ;:: W hat could Twister say, he assured Mrs Pawkins ofthe fact of Pawkins pere having, to his certain knowledge, t;one per ca1) to the morgue. What more was wanted ; tiie lady was content. But where was Pawkins? He, if the truth must be told, had been made so drunk by Fred Twister, on his (Pawkins,') own claret, that nothing short of bed was possible^ and to bed lie had been put, while his dear wife! searched for him in the garden, ex -1 peeling every moment to liave proof i ofthe infidelity ol her lord. Now Mrs j Pawkins was quite satisfied, and had, j in company with Mr Fred Twister, j retired to the drawing-room, where I some fcofiee was served, and the humbug of mediums (as Mamma Pawkins ' expressed herself) was duly descanted on. The good lady declared she would have no more of the seance busi ness, and Twister said she was right. The cofl'ee was discussed, when an awful apparition appeared at one of the , French . v windows. . - There , stood , | Pa wltins, dripping, his face bonnd up with linen rags, his hair w T et, and entangled, while over his garmeuls was bespattered clay and mud. Yes ; at that window stood the ghost of George Pawkins, retired grocer, and | husband of Susannah Pawkins of j I allow Villa. l,t was clear Pawkins had imbibed too much claret, and J had fallen falleQ into the Yarra Varra and was' drowned. There was a rash—a woman's hysterical scream ; there was a smashing of window glass, and Mrs George Pawkius clasped—not a thin vaporous ghost, but tlie ,well nourished body of a stout man. But why did the stout and weed covered ghost in the flesh cry out in pitiful, if not agonised, acceuts, ' Oh, Lord, Missusi' .and why did a gentleman, clad only in his nightdress, rush, ! j I j : horse-pistols in hand, through the window and threaten to cut the throat of anyone who attempted to stop him ? Because Fred Twister had bribed the coachman to act the part ol Mr Georgel'Pawkins, and because (if the truth must be told) George Pawkins had resolved to become a party to the little scheme to cure a jealous wife, The next morning's Artjus contained an advertisement, ' Wanted a Cook ; apply Tallow Villa,' and the next evening's Herald did not contain an account of 'Pawkins' Ghost-' — Evening Mail Christmas Annual. L ' : 