' THE ROYAL ) FIRE 'RELIEF. FUND ..... CRICKET ' MA TCH. 1 ,i Tho -promoters of the match between. .two elevens of tho Theatre -Royal, on tho- Melbourne ground) "in' their work-a-day costumes, bad, it may : bo' presumed, little- thought - of tho j groat . success which was to follow a happy idea happily . carried out; W premised on!. Saturday that since tho . firat-AU -England Eleven matfch," no . greater sight would have been- witnessed in Mel bourne, and our prevision was entirely correct. Outside tho ring was an 'enthusiastic crowd, con vulsed ,with laughter one minute, -and 'the next watching the phases of the match /urith' breath less -interest. 'j'And," stupid as "the jgame may appear , on ; paper, it had' its phases of intense interest to. every '.person! 'who witnessed it, . whether lie was cricketer or whether ho was muff. This was testified to by the ardent applause which, was accorded to various stages of the game, whioh will- befound'.duly recorded in their proper place. Inside were fifteen men, thir. teen clad in the gay garb whioh wants - distance or the footlights to give it its proper etiaiiri; and, all 7 of tbem acting fully -up to their lights /the parts they' were! for ibe-nonceoalled onto sustain. 1 Tho pavilion was -turned for the -nonce into a Richardson's booth) A visitor might fancy him self behind, tho scenes of a theatre, or among a . company, of strolling players. Snchjthoy were in ; fact. The actors took just the samo pains in making up as they would have dono had they been going on, the stage. Sitting upon the edge of a deal. table, and looking anxiously out' of a \- window to see how the amphitheatre filled, was the manager, ;.got . up for Paul Pry, with the inevitable broadbrim and pig'taU,'arid tho green urn- brella tuckod, as by force of habit, under hia.arm. Disporaed about the greeoroom might be seen the good.humored," Asa boy Rascal Jack, in a sky blue satin'jaoket ; that cadaverous raven, the Ape; ihecary ; the jolly tar, Long Tom Coffin ; Rob Roy Mscgrcgor in his tartan ; the Wolf, a fer ocioua looking card in a broadbrimmed hat and flowing red cloak ; snaky Mr. Michael Feeney; the ghostly, Pierrot, with his banging sleeves; and a number of others. The two little bunks of dressing-rooms are filled too. Here isa solemn gen tleman disinterring from a trunk tho spangled tights ot Harlequin, with which he is about to ' " invest himself J while a Party by tho Name at Johnson is standing before a bit of looking-glass, with his face awry, and patting a — _jfragment:of-whiaker upoH'his obeek ; the which being done;: he claps on. sideways a battered .. white bat, and draws bock a step to'contfsmplato the effect- a highly satisfactory, one ! apparently. . Before another scrap of looking- glass there is the Wolf back again, in - order to give auother tinge of vermillion to his countenance, which ho does by robbing his .finger in aoine red pow der dropped on the floor- for general conve- . nieuce) The Clown of the Christmas pantomime ,i i is jfisf ready, looking rather ghastly by daylight, .' .butjpractieiiig a grin to the full approval of Pan- taloon) "who is smoking a pipe. ' The boll rings, \- and all "the motleys crowd to the door, out of which they file before the people, who cheer \- oach favorite as he emerges. ' It was -just like the stage in front of a fair booth, 'as Paul Pry stood in the centre, with Cassio, Lord Dun dreary. Handy Andy, Captain Rolando, -the Po- lii-oman,' Launcelot (Jobbo, Claude Melnotte, and all the restaround. The bell rang, the' overture was played, and amidst its strains" put marched one of the elevens, followed by imme'nsdapplause \- and laughter," to take th'a' field. "ThVonly absentees were the darkies who were put: down as the Blooming Morning Glories. Salamander Sam fell sick, and the other Glory was too modest to come without his mate. Substitutes were provided for lham in tho persona of Claude Melnotte and the Bobbv. The players did look strange as they spread over the green in the sunshine. Tho game was. of course, marked by innumerable incidents, and the hanky-panky which was kept up proved highly amusing. The prompter's bell baring .rung, and the curiam " having risen on the .first act, we will give the cast of the eleven which first took the field. Firstly trooped from the pavilion, linked by the inseparable tie which binds them in the dark scene, clown "(Ur. .G. \- Loonold), Harlequin (Hr. H. Leopold), and pan- , taloon (Mr. Sefton). They all bare their war paint on, and even in the bright glancing sunlight make a voir effective picture from the pavilion. There is tne usual bit of business in front Of the gate, and then Mike Feeney (Mr. Milne) with menacing scowl passes on to his . place in the field ; follows next with martial tread, arms folded, and dressed well enough to take the prize at the next St. Andrew's show;- ' Bob fioj (Mr, R. W. Lawrence). Licked together in bonds of amity are A Party of tho Namo of Johnson (Groville), and Sbakspearo's pallid-faced Apothecary (Sir. G. W. Collier), followed closely by rollicking, roaring HandyAndy(Mr. M. Forde), the rear bein» brought up by the orthodox Police man X (Mr. Lester), with an evidently keen desire to tako everybody in charge who is at all uproarious. In a lino with him , walk the truculent Wolf from The Flowors of the Forest, and soldierly Claude Melnotte (Mr. N. Douglass) a long time after his return from the ' wars. Gaunt Apothecary is tho captain, and he gets his men in lines of so many deep, taking the ball himself, the holders of the bat being Launoelot Gobbo (Mr. J. Forde) and Long Tom (Mr. Righy). Both of them are eager, anxious, ,aud determined. The umpire gives the word to be off, and off it is with a vengeance. The two first mon make a long— a remarkably long stand. They are to gether by the clock exactly three minutos ; hut , what matters it 1 Much to their own surprise . they have scored nine, the Apothecary having bowled two straight balls (greatly to every body's astonishment), he displaced two men of whom much was expected. Pierrot (Mr. Grist) come; along next, but despite his antics is soon dismissed ignomiuiously, Cassio having been his vis-a-vis, and showing that during his retirement in tho Isle of Cyprus he picked np a few cricketing crumbs from Montano and the mad dogs of that sort, despite the severe gash treacherous Iago dealt his leg. There is a buzz of expectation as Pierrot gets his notice to quit, far emerging from the pavilion is seen the familiar figure of our old, old friend Paul Pry (Mr. Coppin). " I hope I don't intrude," hecriee, and poking his umbrella nearly into the umpire's eyo. Being . assured that he does net, he proceeds to deposit rbm umbrella on the bowler's crease, to survey tho ' wickets with his eye-glass, and to take a severe guard with the wrong side of liis bat It being pointed out to Paul that the bowling is at .his end, he retires with an assevera- tionjthat he knew he wasintrudingjand Cassiohits the last ball of Handy Andy's over for ono. Well, Cassio, getting a run, rnado Paul gallop with fantastic stride3 to the other wickets, when be was at once confronted by Handy's twinkling eye. . " I'vogot yes my b'hoy." he says to himself; ' and sliure I'll pay ye back for making tho public laugh more than iviroi could do." And got him he had, sure enough ; gently through, the air sped the ball, lighting at the very feet of the batsman about six Inches to the leg. An nnruly tuft of grass was in the way. Pry's bat was as straight as his umbrella, and an ominous sound WjfiJeard, which made him mutter, " I thought I intruding, (after all;" and, amidstregrots on BWhandB, Pry retired. That Rascal Jack (Mr. AprD nn ) now appears on the scene, and, of coarse, ui hilariously greeted by the crowd. Jack means Dullness, anddespite the factof his beingalmostan octogenarian, shows a' clean pair of heels between. the wickets, and aa Cassio is soon' afterwards despatched by the Apothecary, Knoch'Arden, The shipwrecked «!lor waiting forssvl. looking particularly fresh, and not a bit as if be . had done a Rip Van Winklist twenty years outside the Catekifls, comes in with a flihrish of bugles, and- a predetermination to giVo the Mantuah dealer in deleterious drugs and-the Irish water jug breaker a bit of his mind. Ho set about doing it in a most decided manner, bitting to the right and to the left in such vigorous stylo that tho unfortunate Rascal was soon at bellows to mend, and shortly af terwards retired to the pavilion with a four to bis! namo. About this timo Pantaloon was discovered wan dering wearily, with glazed oye fixed on the clock, towards the pavilion, and it became evi dent, with bis nsnal astuteness, thnt hedoaired to sneak off the ground for a drink. On" the othor side of the field Policeman X was as certained to bo making a nefarious attempt to got into conversation with abuxom cook of somqthirtjr- fivo summers. The stern voice of their captain recalled them to their respective duties, anil, with a regretful look, the Pantaloon brushed a fly off his nose, heaved a deep sigh, and wept .bitterly- having concealed in his pocket a convenient onion. Meanwhile tho Skimmer of the Seas was making Uie ball feel veiy soro about tho seams," and test ing Mike Feenoy's power of vindictive endurance, his offorts being seconded by thoso of Pierrot (Mr. K. Douglass). Just as the runs "were coming fast and thick, . an incident happened J which calls for . record." The French, clown bit a ball high up; to short leg, wbich a Party by too Name- of Johnson, with the astuteness which carried '.him safely through the dangers of : the ' Lancashire Lass, essayed to catch with his hit. Let all cricketers take note of the . fact, - The hat. was a stage hat, and of flimsy material. As a natural consequence) whou the ball came down with a whack, and, like tho invisible.coih of Heller) passed through thb roof on to thb gcound, there was a great) yell of laughter)' and .poor,, Johnson looked -as j if he could have eaten; tho.;wholo field, Rob Roy and all. This worthy's stalwart limbs' hadj beon poised in picturesque' attitude all through tho match, 'just opposite .the pavilion. There' thoy remained;— exposed , to the full fury of the mild , blast which, blewi from the north- west.- Why - should - we ' dilate on this inn ings, except to tell /how Clown andj Pan taloon — the ..bpwling. . being ; all tho time quite up to the mark : of.-what i was expected-— took a spell, and bow the. latter. fellod the timbers of Lord Diradreaiy (Mr. 'Stewart); who was made up as if ho had . just stepped from a band-box, and who in an incongruous field looked as. incongru ous as tiny one in- it.: ; Unfortunately he forgot to bring his Brother Sam iwith him— otherwise if ho had dono so the result'toight havo been different. As it was. ho only scored, a unit. . .But he wits not satisfied with .'this ;.h'e positively went to expostu late with' Jobjj and could oblybe removed from the field, first by the expostulations audi at last tho peremptory commands, of ' Policeman X; The last, representative of the team was tho melanchply, Rolando (Mr, 'Appletori))' who, having, foregone' his conclusions ..with.', .regatd. ..to .women; has taken to cricket as a last resource. , .Ho is about as great as the rest in this direction — more (rawer to him. For further particulars of this innings see score. When tho next lot werogottogetherthoy scattered round tho Merchant of Venice, as represented by Bissanio and' Launcelot Goboo. Paul . Pry was placed at short legj-where ho took up his position with that celebrated umbrella, 'ready to do or tiio. Lord Dundreary played nowhere in particular, and'near tho fence generally." The Shipwreckoa Sailor was very happy .at-mid-on on one side; and at somewhere on the other— whore, wereally could not define; as i we ) have said,' ' the rest, scattered. 1 The play 1 was of the . brilliant character expected from the winning team. Everybody was' . in the place' where ho wasn't wanted, and everybody else was in every body olso's way. ; It . was a glorious scene. Such ascene as the ghost of Pinch or Poller must per- forco bave delighted in. Crickot here was played for tho first time as it should be played. WitnesB the magnificent innings of a.Party by the Name of Johnson, upheld as he , was tho whole timo by the brandy flask ; witness tho really brilliant fielding of Paul Pry at short log, who stopped every ba which came to him with his Umbrella- in a stylo which drew down' thunders of applause. Here also for further particulararofereuoo must bo made to the score...;:- ' «» '» ..." .. I We cannot close this brief and thoroughly im; partial notice. without' feferenco to one important subject— that is, "the utterly barefaced character of- the umpires' proceedings. Thoy were; evi dently totally nnfit ior the ptst they held) and should never be entrusted with a like responsi bility again. One of thorn (put of respect to his feelings, wo will not say which) actually had the temerity to no-ball faur separate times, some of the bowlers for ' putting in a . straight ball. It is . high' timo siich r proceedings were put down n-ith the strong hand-of the lawr. Nor is the conduct of the scorer less- to bo pitiod He is past redemption; for ho did not koop an analysisof the bowling.. : : But that our spaco forbids, wo could givo an account of tho foot races. These, were not nearly as good as the crieket match, but tako thom altogether they went . fiziingly. The whole -en tertainment will bear repetition in- the- suburbs and" throughout the colony. Let us congratulate ' the public ori the "fact that a sum 'of over £200 has'beon realisedjto the fund, and cordially ! cry — Bravo Melbourne ! " ' Subjoined is the score : — : BASBAXia'B - side. - Launcelot GoLdj, b -Tho Apothocary .... .5! Long Tom CoUin, b.The Apothecary , ,. 4, Randall M'Oregor, run om 2- Pasunio, b Too apotaecary .'. 6. Paul Pry, b U«mly Andy 0 That Rascal Jock, b Handy Andy 4 Enoch ariloD, b Handy Andy 21 Plorrot, run out 14, Lord Dundreary, b PanUloon I Asa Tranchard. rua out ,. .. ; 12 . Rolando, not out 51 . No balls.. 8 io TIIB.APOTilEOtaT'S SIDE.' . Clown, b Launcelot Oobbo- 7 P«ntal--on, b Lauocclot'Oobbo 9 Harlequin, b Lauocclot Q bbo,-. r. .. .. 9 ! Handy Andy, b Launcelot Oobbo.;;. .. ., 8 Claud Melnotte, o and b Biissanlo. ....... 2 A Party by ibe namo ot Johnson, b Laun- colotGoobo 7 Micliael Feonev, run out 0 Folicoman X, b Bassanis 3 Tho Wolf, not out 8' Rob Roy, b Bassanie 0 , Too Apothecary, b Lord Dundreary o 1 Byes, 8; no ball, l,1 4: 