WENTWORTH HALL. CHAPTER XXVIII. THE REVELATION OF THE PLOT. Frederick Seeton thought long and hard about the best way to expose bis former friend and ally Herbert Sutherland. Had he not himself been implicated in the matter, he would not have cared so much, but being almost as guilty as Herbert it became necessary for him to take proper steps to defend himself, so that in making what is commonly called ' a clean breast ' of the matter he would be saved any professional inconvenience. The whole of the blame, then, would fall upon the shoulders of his misguided friend. After giving the matter careful consideration, he determined first of all to call upon Mr Seymore, so as to find out how he would take the matter, and if he was favoured with a sympathetic reception he would reveal everything. If not, he would afterwards take some other course of action. As soon as he had seen his patients for that day, he called at Mr Seymore's office, and was fortunate in finding that gentleman at home and disengaged, and it was not long before he was seated beside the lawyer. " I have called," he said, " to speak to you upon a matter of very grave importance, more so I venture to think than any that you have been consulted upon for years." Mr Seymore looked wonderingly at the Doctor and said, " Then I am sure I shall be glad to hear all you have to say." " I have no doubt about that, but what I have to reveal will not be told except under certain conditions ; and if you do not feel disposed to comply with those conditions, the secret I have to tell must die with me." " I am both surprised and curious, Doctor," said the lawyer, " but I dare say any conditions that are necessary will be readily complied with." " Well, I will say this much, and leave you to form your own opinion. I am in possession of information affecting the interests of Wentworth Hall, but unfortunately I am implicated in the matter, so much so, that were you informed of the facts of the case, you could easily ruin me, and compel me to pass the remainder of my days ' in durance vile.' I wish to guard against this, and if you will solemnly promise not to prosecute me or take any steps that will injure me, I will tell you all I know. If not, the matter is settled." " You know as well as I do, Dr. Seeton, that although I am a lawyer, and the son of a lawyer, I have the greatest dislike of putting any person to any inconvenience ; and were I to prosecute you for telling me something to my own advantage, especially when you appear sorry for the part you took in the affair, I should not be worthy of the name of a man. Therefore, I say that you may rely upon being properly protected, and instead of being opposed to each other, we shall be the best of friends." " Then I see no necessity to withhold my communication, but if it is the same to you I should like Mrs Seymore to be with us, as what I have to say really far more concerns her than you." Mr Seymore was so anxious to hear what Dr. Seeton had to say that he was willing to accede to almost any proposition for the purpose of hearing it, and therefore presented no objection to the Doctor's suggestion. " Certainly," he said, " if Mrs Seymore ought to hear what you have to say, by all means she must hear it. Suppose you dine with us at Wentworth Hall tonight, and after dinner we will adjourn to the back parlour, and you can then and there say what you wish." " I shall be willing to do so," replied Frederick Seeton, " if my presence at the Hall will not inconvenience Mrs Seymore." " Believe me," said the lawyer, " that if you have anything to tell Mrs Seymore, she will not consider you an intrusion, but rather to the contrary. Now, I wish to finish this brief, so I must bid you good bye. Do not forget to be at the Hall at six o'clock." Dr Seeton did not forget, and after dinner the trio adjourned to the back parlour, with which our readers are tolerably well acquainted. After a few preliminary remarks, Dr Seeton began his revelation which was listened to as attentively as our readers will peruse it. " Your late husband," he said, addressing himself to the heiress of Wentworth Hall, " made up his mind to become owner of Wentworth Hall, and to achieve this object he determined to spare neither time nor trouble. In the first place he succeeded in enticing you from your home, and by marriage he advanced the first step to the securing of his object. I need not detail the subsequent treatment you received from Herbert Sutherland, suffice it to say that he found that while your father lived it would be useless for him to expect to carry out his plans for Wentworth Hall. Had it not been for my interference, Herbert would have killed your father. However, although I was his friend and ally, I determined that come what may, Cyril Wentworth should not die. However, he was taken ill, and I was sent for. I treated him properly, and he approached recovery. It was at this crisis that Herbert conceived the idea of removing him to a place of safety, and by dint of greatly exaggerating his illness, we succeeded in removing him from Wentworth Hall to a private asylum, some fifty miles from here. All the domestics had been given drugged wine before they retired, so as to remove any possible witnesses. Mr Wentworth was placed in a large box, carried to a vehicle which we had in readiness and conveyed as fast as possible to the asylum. Myself and Sutherland immediately hurried back to the Hall and found it as we had left it - under the influence of the drugged wine all slept soundly. A coffin had been ordered, and we filled it with stones, rags and other materials to make it seem that his body was within. Thus, the funeral of Mr Wentworth was a mere farce." " Do you mean to say that my dear father still lives," asked Eleanor, interrupting the progress of Dr Seeton's story. " My dear Mrs Seymore, I do say it," was the reply. " Mr Wentworth is neither dead nor buried. At least, I saw him this morning, and he appeared healthy and well ; but kindly allow me to complete my story, because I am as impatient to tell it as you are to hear it. As soon as the news of the death of Cyril Wentworth became well circulated, Herbert, as the husband of Mr Wentworth's only daughter, took possession of Wentworth Hall and forged a will in his favour. But this which was discovered, as you know and Sutherland fled to Australia. Upon the evening of your birthday party, you will no doubt remember that you were very much frightened by the apparition of your father. It occurred in this way. Your father escaped from his keepers and made his way to Wentworth Hall, so instead of seeing his ghost you saw him in the flesh. Passing by at the time I saw what had occurred, and while you were lying in a swoon I took steps to send Mr Wentworth back to his asylum. Such then is the revelation of the whole plot, but I have one more incident to name. Herbert went to Australia and after a career of crime there he came back to England, and is now known as John Grainger, Esq. of Bassington Lodge. This is all I have to say, and I do not suppose that you will attempt to disprove anything I have said." " And can I see my father tonight ?" Eleanor asked. " No, Mrs Seymore ; but if you will accompany me tomorrow to Deanville by the first train, you can not only see your father, but can also, if you please, bring him with you back to the Hall. I can assure you, my dear friend, that your father has been kindly treated. He has enjoyed the best of living, and does not know that he is incarcerated because he is subject to attacks of lunacy, and he is happy and comfortable. If you will take my advice - and I assure you it is perfectly correct - you will not reveal to him the facts of the case until he has been home for some months, as otherwise it might be the means of hastening his death." " Who would have thought," said Mr Seymore, " that we should have heard such a romantic story. Why it sounds more like a sensational romance than the facts from real life. I must say that were the various incidents you describe since my wife's first meeting with Herbert Sutherland, to the present time, skilfully woven together by some ingenious novelist, an entertaining story would certainly be the result." " Who knows but that may yet take place," said the Doctor. " Stranger things have been heard of. Most novels are based on fact, and why should not the romance of Wentworth Hall be made the basis of a novel ?" Shortly after this revelation, Dr Seeton left the Hall after promising to accompany Mr and Mrs Seymore to Deanville Lunatic Asylum on the following morning. To Be Continued. 