A STRANGE Sl'OKY. .' From He Forbes Times.'- ' In those days of spiritualistic manifes-a^ (ions when the higher intelligence oonde scend .to enlighten poor blind or short sighted mortals, revealing to them the mysteries of the future state through the media:iou ol table legi, pUnchetts; and de.idoi-ed brdins; when npparitions ap pear to favored mediums to whom the unseen world loses its cognomen and bo comes visible 'to the mortal eye, I may venture to relate a few incidents witnessed by me nearly 1G yeurs ago. Had I pub lished a nair- ition of my strange adventure at the time of its occurrence, fraught as it is with the mybteiLms and tlie apparently supernatural, it would huve bee.i looked npon as an idle tale, the product of a heated imagination. But society is now much better prepared to accept and ana lyse a statement of simple fuois such as I a in' alout to lay 'before the reader, and which I give without color and ?embellish meat. About 16 years ago I had occasion to travel tu : nod:; from Beech north -twice within 11 days — thut is, making two j mr npys up and two down. To accomplish this 1 was compelled tn grasp at every available means of travelling both by day and night, 'co that part of the journey was performed by couch mid jmrt on horso bick, the latter ohiefly at night. .At the time of which I wii'e the distuDce from Melbourne to Berchwonh was e.tiimtod at 200 miles, and consiilt'rinp the state of the road* then, was nufdverstated. I 'had been to Mellioufuo and hack to Beech wnrth, and w.is' iig.iin on my way to the metropolis, depressed in mind — for -the business upon which I was travelling was of a painful clmrac'er— and nenry in body ll.ivinc arrived ut Avenal. after dark, bv coacn, 1 iook norse nnd rode to aeymour. Here the poor beast I was riding,' shuwe'd unmistakeablel signs of inability to go further*. : Ho Ciuld not have done five more, milns in as many hours. After con tidorable diflicully I found an old acquain tance connected wi h the line i.f co.iches, who placed at ir.y dispos ;1 a fine Iiando'ome grey.' 1 b.id to ride to a farm some miles from Sejiuour to procure this horre, and leave my own.' This I accomplished, and at about 11, p.m sarted on my- journey by an old road (Vvcii then little UBed)to uards Kihnore.. The night was chilly, and the sky olou ded: The moon showed little moio, th;m abroad crescent and the scudding clouds continually passing river the face df this rim of light, rendered it impossible to dis tinguish clearly cither the road or sur rounding ol.jccts - 1 had thus journeyed several miles, when I found myself riding ap the gradual slope of a hill, upon which I could disc.iver no aitns of trallio. The horse, however, stepped out oouGdently, as though he knew where he was going, and, I yielded to his guidance, but brought him to a steady walk up the rising ground I felt veiy weary, and fearful of getting out of my reckoning and missing tho main road, I began to run over in my mind the instructions I had receive J at the furm when I w is startlec.' and delighted to see coming down the hill a little to my left a coach and four horses. I pulled up on the instant, and observed the team coming atoadily down the hill at an easy pace. The driver and two women occupied the bos seut. I lurned my horse's bead to ward the coach, aud called out, - Hallo, driver, is this the right road lo'Kilmore?' 1 uaited for un answer; the c-u£h came toward me until it was within about eight yards, and then to my utter astonishment, tbe horses, tbe coach, the driver, and the two women on tlio box seut, all in quiet succession, vnnifllioJ into thin air, and I found myself wiib expectant outstretched neck looking into the vacant bush. The entire conveyance, with nil its customary accessories, which had been as- palpably present to Tiy sight as though I b.id been wutohing one of Cobb'a couches from the door of the Albion, was literally no where. Some Becnnds elapsed before I had fully realised the starting fact, but when I did ao a thrill of horror passed tbroogh my frame. ' My God,' I said, ' I shall lose my senses and' drop exhausted in ibis place, whero there is not even a track to lead to ihe discovery of ray remains!' I | sprang from my horse, grasped the bridle, I and carefully examined the spot to aseer- I tain whether nr not some clump of trees 1 might have given the shape which my. I distempered imagination had formed into this strange apparition ; but noencb abapo was' there, and X began 10 walk -vigorously qp the hill in urder lo rooae my fuouhiea | ipp.itetttly iiitciuiniubie, unit 1 nan ag.1111 dackeiied ihe~Bpeed' uf tny horse to a walk when 1 met a digger coining leisurely J.iwn the hill a Httie to my right, nearly in front of me. ' lie had n red blanket rolled into u lioise-c-illur swiig, which he oirrieil round his neck in the manner usual in those dtijs , to a leutlier belt r--und Uie waist f his moleskin trousers wus slung n pannikin, aud hencith a dark billycock hit? I Biiv the viHiige of a swarthy bearded mm. My fii'st thought on seeing this man was that it wus unnthe'r apparition, and I hesituted to address him until he came wi-hin five or six fer-t of ino. I then snid, ' I nay, mule, am I near the main road to Kihnore V 1 reined up my horse for a reply, but in u moment the digger, blanket and pannikin, were obli terated from the sensorium of my hriiin, and a sickenir.g fee. ing of helplessness t-iiik_ possession .of me. I felt terribly frightened, although I did uot f-r a mo ment ascribe tbe^Mtihts I had. »ci-n to other than phjaical causes. I ugain sprung to the ground, filled my pipo, and began to smoke vigorously The stimu lating effects of the tobncci enabled me to think. I resolved to mako 11 strenuous eff.irtio keep up my flagging benses ami failing strength, aud push nn at as rapid a puce as possible. I ^-ot into the saddle, und putting spurs to my horse, he bounded firward. -'After a quirtor of un hour's sharp giillop 1 found myself on tbe muiii road tu Kihnore. As 1 turned iut- the well known highway I uuoied a cry of joy, und lelc my mind spring hick to its wonted serenity. A few miles brought me to Kilmoro, where, seated lie fore a substantial meal at the -head inn (now Kelly's), while my gulla'nt grey «ns enjoying a rub down mid a feed uf oats, I forgot my weuriuess, and musfd over this part uf my strange adventure. After un hour's rest, % I mounted my grey and resumed my journey. The iky was now clear, and I enjojed tbe luxury of a c in ter along tho sniO'ith road from Kilmore to the Big Hill, 'Pretty Sally 'a Hill ' «i it was then called. The hill w»- ju*t' us natuie and a heavy traffic had made it : deep ruts and grcu«y Kdeiingg, tuked boulder*. and. gnarled iree roots, lendcr'ed tbe uScent and dosceut difiicult hy dn\ and dangerous by night. A .contrac, however, had been t-ntered inlo for tin' formation of the to id upon the hill, and u number of men hud urrived 011 the ground to make preparation.! for oorn mencing the work. 'As I was carefully picking my. way down this rugged road, I fancied I su-v aman walking ahead of me, hut tearing that he might prove to he another ore.iture 'of my brain, and that the fatigues of the week were, again get ting'tho mastery over me, I lesolved to keep an eye on thix pliantum, and mi nutely watch the phenomena of iis up peirance. 1 tlurefore roJo on insilonce, hut sii watchful of my airy fellow traveller that I had a'tnosi couio to giief l-y a sud den stutulile of my h -rse over a houldor. Tho phantom, linn ever, turned round, faced me, und the thbbn lit u;- i s features I brought my grey t« a dead slop J're sent ly the phiinom sprke, anil with an unmistakable Irish broguo said, 'Good morning sir, it's a -rough itiad down hero ' The voice a arilod me more than its su'l ilen disappearance (which I fully ex pected) nould have d me. Heie was u phenoinenu for which 1 was by no mcu:in prepared : so completely indeed was I taken by surprise by the substituiinti o real flesh and blood for my fancied spec ire, that 1 could reply to the salutu'ion only by a loud laugh ? By J.ive,' 1 sai I, 1 you are a real man after till,' The nmo stepped back a pace ai.d liokod bewil dered, but I soon eased 'hia tnicd by say ing ' Never mind. old fellow, I was a little, sturtled. when you spoke. I b.id no expectation of finding any living thirg astir on theliill at thin hour in tho morn ing.'. ' Come a little to the right, t-ir, jou'lf flul it hettor path for your horse this way,' said my fellow traveller, ant? thereupon ensued ooonversition in which he tnfoimed me that he was overseer on the contract lor. tbe new road. At this stage of tbe proceeding*, however, my mind, being bulled into, a kind of stupor, wandHied from the fiubjeot, and I became oblivious to the presence and c -nvers--'tun of tnyc unpanion, for I remember giving utterance 10 some uilil speech which was so irreievaut to the Hubjool of discourse as to cause my Irish gobuu to spring away from the side of the horae. and gaze ,up into my face with a lo k ? f undisguised terror in o'very feature. He pointed ner vously down the bill und, in the utmost trepidation, said, ' That's Hie way, sir ; straight down, thnt track, sir. 6 -ud morning, sir.' This strange and abrupt conduct of his brought me again 10. my; senses; but the terrified look of tho man as he turned away to part comp my with one whom ho fully believed to be an es caped lunatic, sp tickled- my fancy that I burst into a loud laugh. ' At this he made a desperate spring, and ran across the hill, leaping over everything ih'it came in his way. I sat in my saddle convulsed with laughter, and could not avoid exclaiming ' By heavens, 1 have turned tbe tables ou the goblins at last. Go it old 6pectre, you have no bonos to break over the blucstone boulders.' In a few seconds he disappeared in the gloom of the. yot unbroken morning. But whether be was a real m*D or an airy nothing, I leave my leaders to infer. At daylight I reached n roadside inn, but unable to proceed fu tlier. l'.;e 'kind hearted landlord saw that I was quite exhausted, and would not suffer me to go from his house until I hud had a few hours' sleep, ufter which I mounted, my grey, and readied town in good time. I have never seen tbo ghost of a coach and horses, or a digger with his swag and pannikin, since that niomoraDle night. A BAT that always light* up » woman's due pair — B'i nient. The nobbiest thing out— ft door knob. Tbe child who oried for un hour ouu diy lust. week didn't gel it. Wan must Tims bund up his scythe? — Wben be shall b» uo tuowur. ? Onbof oar subsoribers tent us two dollars tlie other day, nitb a request to send ' tho Courier 