THE BUSHMEN'S CLUB. This useful institution has now been in* existence for rather more than two years, and it is with pleasure we record the success it has achieved and the prosperity it con tinues to enjoy. The fact that 700 members have been enrolled since the Club was started is sufficient proof of its popularity with bushmen; and the generally large number of inmates shows that the insti tution really is appreciated as a home by the class it is intended to benefit. The liberal act of the Government in granting the Club the sumof £500 is highly commendable. It will enable the Directors to extend their operations, and probably to carry out needed improvements in connection with the buildmgs. Already 'William,' the Super intendent, is again pressed for room. The dining-room has had to be enlarged by taking in the smoking-room; but what is much wanted is a new building, similar to that recently erected as a dormitory, to include dining and smoking rooms, which would allow the present rooms used for those purposes to be turned into bedrooms. The piece of land behind the Club, with a frontage in Gilbert-street, has at length boon Becured, at a cost of £233. This is a valu able addition to the property, and it will add considerably to the convenience of the place. If it could be done, the erection of a row of small cottages upon this frontage, to be let furnished to married bushmen, would be a great advantage. At present the Home affords no accommodation of this sort,' and as many married men are subscribers, it ,is only right that some provision should bo made for them, so that when they visit town with their families they may not bo.1 compelled to lodgo in expensive apartmentfl, or to furnish rooms for the time of their stay It is felt that the institution has by no means reached the limit of its usefulness, and hopes are entertained of gradually ex tending its operations until much shall be effected which now can only be desired. One proposal is that the Home should board lads of fourteen years and upwards at a low rate, so as to admit of their being sent in from the bush for education in town. Such an arrangement, if it were carried out, would bo evidently be productivo of much good that nothing need to be said in its favour. Another proposal of the Superintendent is to institute a Benefit Society in connection -vith the Home, the objects of which would be to raise funds by entrance-fees, annual payments, donations, and interest on capital, for providing members in times of sickness with medical assistance and pecuniary relief, and in times of old ago or inca pacity for further work with a permanent weekly sum or a homo at the Club. There svould also be the object of helping distressed members by relieving their temporary wants ind endeavouring to get them employment through the Bushmen's Club Labour Office, the head-quarters of which ' William' hopes yet to see in the centre of the business part Df the city. The Superintendent has pro pared the prospectus of such a Society, more, however, in the hope of receiving hints from those versed in these matters than with the desire for its immediate adoption. The prin cipal features of the scheme arc that tho entrance-fees shall vary from£lto£45, accord ing to the age of the person entering, four« teen being the lowest, and fifteen the highest age taken ; the annual subscription to be not under £3. These payments, 'William' believes, would secure to the member £1 per week for the first four months of illness, 15s. for the second four months, and 10s. for the third four, which sum would be continued if neces sary. In the case of old age or incapacity for work the allowance would be IGa. per week, or a home in the Club and Gd. per diem. There are other details in the scheme,' but these will suffice to show its genoral bearing. The establishment upon a good basis of a Society with these objects, whioh bushmen might be induced to join, is a most; desirable thing. We heartily hope that tho scheme may be carried through and be well supported by the class it would specially provide for. The foundation of a library to circulate in the bush is another measure contemplated. An influential Com mittee of gentlemen have issued a circular calling upon those connected with the squatting interests to help in this work by giving subscriptions for the purchase oC necessary books. The movement would afterwards be made self- supporting. The circulation in the bush of literature of a healthy kind is much needed. As it is, too books supplied on the stationsby hawkers and others are for the most part novels of the most sensational kind. It is to be hoped, therefore, that the appeal made in order to Btarting a Bush Book Society will be extensively responded to. The whole of the Club property is now properly vested in Trustees, to be held for all time for the Club purposes. An altera tion became necessary in the deed before the Government grant could be received, providing that in the event of the institution falling through, and the property being sold, all moneys received from the Government shall be returned. Other clauses have also been added, providing for tho keeping of a record-book, and giving powers to the majority of the members at a properly - convened meeting to direct the Trustees to mortgage or sell tho property, or to secure land in other parts for the establishment of branch Bushmen's Homes. But, as the promised ' History of the first Bushmen's Club established in Australia' is nearly completed, our readers will have the opportunity of gaining fuller particulars upon all these points than can be given here. In the meantime we hope tho Home will continue to be extensively used by the bushmen of South Australia, and well supported by the public of the colony generally. ' The Libel Cases. —Tho hearing of tho charges against J. H. Lewis, the printer of the Protestant Advocate, has by request and consent been postponed till Tuesday, May 28. The Northern Territory.— Tho schooner Mary King, deeply laden with cargo, was towed down the Port river on Friday night, and at once sailed for tho Roper Eiver and Pal merston, carrying as passengers Mo*rs. A. and A. D. Gore, S. Reynolds, Barclay, Nash, Gerald, Johnson, Winn, G. Bates, and McDonal J. BARK CHARTERS. -Messrs. Bean Brothers aro. the charterers of two more homeward- botuid ships with cargoes of wattle-bark, they haying secured tho Kiffeman and City of Dublin to load at Portland Bay. There will be no further delay in their sailing for the loading port after their dead weight of copper is to hand from Wallaroo. A Cruise.— The Flinders, Government schooner, has again received sailing orders, and will visit Port Augusta, Tipara, Wallaroo, and Cape Borda before returning to Port Adelaide. Pedestrianism. — Wo are informed that Hewett, whose complete programme of sports xs to appear in a day or two, intends taking a short spin at the Exhibition Grounds this afternoon between 3 and 4 o'clock. LECTURE.--In consequence of the inclement weather the lecture by the Rev. T. J. bmyth» advertised for. Friday evening, was postponed till next Thursday. Presentation.— MesdamesWarrenandRudall attended at 'St. George's Parsonage, Uawier, on Thursday, and in the name of the congre gation presented the wife of Canor i Cowaba iwith a handsome harmonium worth £w, in recog nition of her musical services in the Episcopal Church of the town. Adelaide Races.— The following is the latest' 'betting for the Cup and Leger:— I .-.?? ,??... -. ? Cup. ' ? '- ' i !itol FlyingDutchman. 100 to 15 Kingfisher.. \ 2 ' 1 Saladin. 100 ' 15 Miss Jessie, j 4 ' 1 Lapdog. 100 «? 12 Edith. ; St. Leger. Even Miss Jessie. 1 3 to 1 Mentor. 6 to 4 Ace. I 5 ' 1 Pocahbntas. Tbans-Adstralian Railway.— We are in formed that the Directors of the Port Augusta and Port Darwin Railway intend shortly calling a meeting of shareholders to consider the desira bility of largely increasing the number of shares, and making other alterations in the articles of association. . It is also stated that reliable infor-' mation has been received that capitalists in Eng land will be disposed to regard favourably the scheme for a Trans- Australian Railroad if the grant of land asked for is conceded. Athletics.— The sports of the North Adelaide Junior Athletic Club are, it is notified, t© be held this afternoon. Accidekt. — In driving home from the meet inns hi connection with a Sunday-school anni versary on Monday, Mr. W. Kelly, of Onetree Hill, was thrown out of his vehicle by the wheel mailing against a pile of stones. He had his shoulder dislocated, and the people who were with him tried to restore the bone to its place ?without effect. The sufferer was then taken to Gawler; but till next morning a medical man could not be got. Dr. Nott then attended the patient, and did -what was necessary. Drowned in the Murray.— A nver district correspondent of the Kapunda Herald reports on May 14:—' On Sunday week, while the steamer Princess Royal was on her way up the river, somewhere near the North- West Bend, 'William Cuthbertson, a deck- hand, fell over board, and was not- missed for several hours. Nothing was seen of him again till last Sunday morning, when his body was discovered by some natives on the watch floating down the stream past Mr. Symonds's. On examination the remains appeared sound and free from bruises. Mr. D. McLean, J.P., held an enquiry. The poor fellow was buried near the grave of Mr. Barber, who was drowned from the Maranoa about five years ago. Poor Barber fell in exactly where this man was taken out.' Breakage at Messrs. W. Dtjffield & Co's Mill.— The tfmvler limes of May 17 says: — ' We stop printing to report a serious accident at the Victoria Mill this afternoon. One cylinder of the engine burst, smashing the beam, and scattering the fragments to some distance. The full extent of the damage can scarcely be ascertained, but on enquiry we learn that one engine is completely disabled, No one was injured.' A Crying Shame.— The Corporation of Ka punda, having considered it desirable that the town should have _ a duly authorized official crier, received applications for the position, and appointed Mr. Thomas. The name being a rare one, it is needless to more exactly identify. The functionary paid a fee, was formally licensed, and began carrying put the duties of his useful if not unobtrusive calling. No sooner, however, did he appear in Main-streat with his bell and the well-known 'Oh, yes,' than Johnnie Dutton, the former occupant of the office, seems to have shouted ' Oh, no,' and by following the accredited officer through the thoroughfare with a rival bell, voice, and notice, so nonplussed and annoyed the said Thomas that he appealed to tho Mayor and Councillors, who in solemn conclave considered how they could meet the difficulty. One suggested the getting a legal opinion, another argued that the crier-elect, having paid for the right to cry, should be allowed to do so without fear or molestation, but with all -the protection that the Council could throw around him. After a lengthy discussion, during which what Adelaide would do under similar circumstances was repeatedly guessed at, it was resolved that the attention of the local police should be directed to the sad state of affairs, and if a reformation did not immediately dawn that the Commissioner him self should be communicated with. Sheep akd Grain Farming. — The metropo litan papers have often advocated the advisa bility of farmers combining sheep-farming with agriculture, remarks the correspondent at Two Wells of the Gaicler limes, adding: — 'The farmers generally seem to look upon that system with despair. However, if they could call at Mr. Gilks's farm, Port' Gawler, their opinions would be somewhat shaken, Mr. Gilks having the finest specimens of [the ovine race in this neighbourhood in hi3 small flock, the average weight of his fleeces last year being 13^ lbs., making a nice addition to a farmer's income, and the mutton would be an ornament to ? Leadenhall Market.'' A Sportsman's Paradise.— To the Times of Gawler, that paper's Two Well's correspondent writes: — 'The plains and waterholes of this district are now well stocked with various varieties of waterfowl, including snipe, widgeon, teal, duck, mountain duck, &c.; The birds offered 'great sport to our gamers. I heard of one youth bagging 47 in one week. It is nothing unusual for a single gun to bag five or six in one evening. Tho distance from town keeps us from being overrun with cockney sportsmen.' SUDDEN DEATH. — Mrs. Moyle, sen., mother of Mr. H. V. Moyle and Mrs. Crase, Kapunda, was found dead in her bed on Wednesday morn ing at the residence of Mr. J. Moyle, her son, at Tarlee, where she had been staving for some time. Mrs. Moyle was as well as usual when she retired on the previous evening, and an inquest was certified to be unnecessary, as the old lady, who was much respected, had been in a somewhat precarious state, and the doctors had prognosticated that she was likely to go off sud denly. The local Herald writes :— "Mrs. Moyle came to the colony 12 years ago in company with Mr. H. V. Moyle, Mrs. Crase, and Mr. T. Moyle (now of Auburn), having been out some years previously. One son, Mr. F. V. Moyle, died several years back, but the deceased is sur vived by two daughters and three sons, all well known and much respected in this district, namely, Mesdames Crase and Warrington, Messrs. Henry, Thomas, and John Moyle. When Mrs. Moyle lately heard that Mr. I. Bennett was shortly leaving she expressed deep regret, because of all persons she would most have preferred him to have read the burial service over her. Her sudden death will allow of this desire being complied with. The re mains of Mrs. Moyle have been brought into Kapunda." A Fish Story. — The Bourke Press states that Mr. Harris, of the Royal Hotel, purchased from ablackfellow a large codfish weighing 20 lbs. or upwards. On opening this Darling monster an empty lemonade bottle was found inside. This is a fact, as the extracting was witnessed by several respectable residents. How the bottle came inside the fish we cannot say; neither can we explain why the fish swallowed it — if it did. One gentleman who related this wondrous tale, suddenly assumed a stern appearance, and asked, in an awful voice if we doubted 'his voracity ?' Of course we concluded he alluded to the cod fish, and then the whale that swallowed Jonah came into our recollection, and we answered emphatically— 'No!' Lazarus op Bethany.— This is the title of a new work written by Dr. Holcombe, of America, and reprinted by Robertson, of Melbourne. We are indebted to Mr. Rigby for a copy. The author claims to be classed with the advanced thinkers of the age. He puts forward his own theological tenets quite irrespective of the decisions of Councils, and often at variance with creeds of undoubted orthodoxy. But, apart from polemics, this little work contains evidences of its being the production of an original and thoughtful mind. It brings the reader face co face with many of the principal characters of the Gospel histories withjthe vigour of Renan, but reverentially, and with a full recognition of the divine authority and power exercised by the Great Teacher and His followers. Dr. Hol combe appears to be a believer in the reality of ; piritism, but he denounces it with every other pecies of magic, ancient er modern, as prolific of many direful evils. At the same time, like he authoress of 'The Gates Ajar,' he has an unbounded belief in the substantial objective eality of the world unseen ; and it is this par \- icular view that ' Lazarus of Bethany' seeks to establish. We have nothing to do with the author's theological tenets, but from a cursory examination of the work are disposed to believe t will become popular with a certain claas of readers and interesting to all. 1 : ,ST* Andrew's Chuech.— On Friday evening/ May 17; a lecture on « T-e Tabernacle and its Furniture'' was to have been given by the Rav. P. Molareu. at St. Andrew's Church, in aid of tha funds of- the Sabbath-school, but the rev. gentleman, was prevented from attending by very, severe indisposition. However, a, very able, substitute was found im the Pastor of the Church, the Rev. J.Henderson, who delivered, an interesting lecture on 'France in 1671, 1771, and 1871.' There was a large attendance, and the Rev. J. Lyall presided. In commencing his remarks the Rev.' Mr. Henderson mentioned that the dates taken, represented important epochs in the history of France, and the con trasts they presented were at once instructive and interesting. He first adverted to the bril liant era of the despotic monarch Louis XIV., who was represented by French writers as being a hero, but who, if he did not originate, assuredly strengthened and matured a national vice, which had since been the bane and curse of Prance, namely, the weak and unmanly habit' of yielding up all thought and purpose to an exacting and all-pervading centralization. He traced the development of the political arrange ments of the Empire, and explained the religious principles under which the people were placed. When the second era in the French history commenced, the despotism in Church and State with which the nation had long been galled was thrown off. The throne was consumed in flames, the mitre of the priests was trampled in the dust, and all the insignia of priestly authority was swept away with the besom of destruction. The people now assumed the reins of government. Ho next described the eventful period preceding the .year '87, when the revolution took place, and explained the circumstances that gave rise to the great up heaving of the nation. He next depicted the people attempting to establish government on the ruins of their first principles of social order and morality, and showed how they set at defiance the deepest instincts of nature and the most venerated institutions. The lecturer next described the third era, and briefly referred to the facts that occurred prior to it, until it ended in the grand collapse. He drew a vivid picture of the rapine and confusion consequent upon the German armies defeating the French in every battle, and finally entering Paris. Anniversary.— It will be remembered that the anniversary sermons of the Hindmarsh square Congregational Sunday-School were preached a short time ago; but the public meeting was not held till Friday evening. There was a large attendance spite of the threatening weather. The pastor of the Church, the Rev. F. W. Cox, presided, and gave an in teresting address to parents, teachers, and scholars. The superintendent, Mr. S. Whit more, then read the report, which showed that, although there had been difficulties, the school was prosperous. There were seven male and eight female teachers; the number of scholars on the books was 150, and the average atten dance 100. The young men established a class, and recently a Juvenile Missionary Society wa3 formed. Mr. Scrymgour and Mr. C. Smedley spoke encouragingly. Distribution of prizes took place, and the scholars sang several hymns with taste and expression. Gawler Congregational church. — The Rev. J. C. McMichael's temporary engagement at Gawler having expired, a well- attended meetingof male members of theChurch and congregation was held in the schoolroom on May 10, to consider ways and means. The Treasurer read a balance sheet showing the year's receipts and expendi ture, which statement was satisfactory, and unanimously adopted. On Tuesday a special meeting of the Church was held, to discuss the future pastorate, when the following resolutions were unanimously adopted, viz., 'That this Church desires to express its entire satis faction with the ministry of the Rev. J. C. McMichael during the year which has just closed, and earnestly hopes that the connection which has hitherto existed may be made per manent.' Second, ' That the collection after each service on the Sabbath be discontinued, and that the weekly offering system be intro duced in lieu thereof.' At a subsequent meet ing of the Church and congregation the fore going resolutions were carried unanimously, and a deputation was appointed to wait upon the Rev. J. C. McMichael to inform him of the result. After a short interval the deputation returned, accompanied by Mr. McMichael, who, in well-chosen remarks, referred to his connection with the Church, and after briefly explaining the duty of pastor and people he accepted the pastorate. The amount raised for minister's salary and incidental expenses was £475, and for the London Missionary Society £55 — total. £530. Referring to these proceeding, the local Times remarks : — * ' We can only say that for our part we think the Congregational Church has consulted its best interests in endeavouring to retain the services of the Rev. J. G. McMichael. He has, we believe, gained the confidence of the whole town, and many persons out of his own congre gation will be glad to hear of bis remaining in Gawler.' Charitable Concert. —On Thursday evening an enjoyable concert was given to the inmates of the Parksiie Asylum by several ladies and gentlemen from town, some of whom have rendered valuable assistance at previous enter tainments of the same sort. The Hon. G. Stevenson presided, and the programme con sisted of songs by Mrs. Proctor, Dr. Peel, Messrs. G. F. Bell, R. Watson, H. F. Peacock, and A. J. Diamond, the two latter comic, duets by Dr. Peel and Mr. Bell, pianoforte solos nicely played by a lady amateur, and a concertina solo by Mr. Diamond. At the conclusion hearty thanks, on the motion of the Rev. T. J. Smythe, M.A., were accorded te the performers. Mr. G. Oughton, organist of St. Paul's Church, acted efficiently as accompanyist. Willtjnga Brightening. — The District Council are going to considerable outlay in building culverts and repairing or improving streets in Willunga, while the Central Road Board are also helping by making a fine culvert at the entrance of the town. The number of men employed by the public bodies, with the unusual bustle at the slate quarries in preparing material and sending drayloads every day to Port Willunga for shipment to Melbourne, also the steady business-like way in which the opera tions at the flax mill are now carried on, have relieved this beautiful town from the depression which has been severely felt for some time. The Darling. — The Central Australian, the Fort Bourke paper, states that 'the river is again falling, having risen less than was antici pated from the quantity of 'fresh' expected from Queensland.' The Goolwa is still at her moorings, and seems likely to be guard-ship for Bourke during the summer ' The Latest Ghost Story. — Many tales about warlocks and sprites have not a better founda tion than the following, extracted from the Milang correspondence of the Strathalbyn paper. The writer says: — * ' I will just mention one circumstance which happened the other night, or rather morning, and which, as our immortal poet says — ' Is just as true as the deil's in — — ;' but you know the rest. As one of our worthy neighbour farmers was wending his way home, after having enjoyed himself with a few old cionies at Host ? 's; but I must not tell everything, or you will know too much. Well, he was 'na fu',' but just had 'plenty,' and at a very lonely part of the road he was startled by hearing something like the clanking of chains or the jingle of cracked bells, he was not sure which; but presently he was more alarmed at seeing approaching him a form which, as he says, was 'like neither beast nor body;' he was sure nothing human could appear in that shape. It made his hair— what there was of it—stand on end, and his eyes were almost starting from their sockets as the appa rition stalked almost up to him. Fear or curiosity, we will not say which, kept our friend stationary, whilst the ghost or goblin com menced walking round and round him, coming closer every moment. At last the poor man mustered courage to ejaculate, 'Who or what are you?' The reply came in very unsteady tones and broken English— ? I'm Jack, de ostler; who you?' The relief of the poor farmer may be better imagined than described when he dis covered it to be only a mortal like himself, who had imbibed rather freely at a ' pub' not a hun dred miles from here, and some one, thinlcing'to Elay a trick on poor Jack, took the saddle and ridle off his horse and turned the horse adrift; but Jack had good pluck, and, not caring to stay in such company, took the saddle on his head, and trampea to the music of the flanking stirrups,' ' THBAlISTRAIIANMTmJALPROVipEHTSoCIErYi —The 23rd annual report of this prosperous Association shows that the business of the insti tution is spreading on all sides. During the past year 3,428 proposals for an aggregate of £1,327,076 were entertained, and the result was that 1,091 of the offers, representing £496,172, were declined, withdrawn, or not completed, while policies were issued in 2,337 cases to cover a total of £830,904. The new premiums reached £32,733. The claims which arose during tha period numbered 86 by the death of 77 members, and the sum payable was £47,683, including £3,683 in the form of bonus additions. Tha annual statement of revenue and expenditure! shows the large credit balance of £146,682, this amount increasing the Accumulated Fund to the handsome nest-egg of £964,824. The institution has since it was formed issued in all 17,655 policies, assuring £7,320,853; and, after deducting discontinued policies, whether by death, maturity, surrender, or for feiture, the list of existing ones includes 13,265, covering £5,469,746. The sources of income have been— premiums, £197,331. and interest, £49,684=£247,016. The Directors mention that the Victorian [business has been larger than in any previous year, although four new offices formed on a similar principle have been started in Melbourne. The New Zealand Branch is described as having been successful beyond the most sanguine expectations of the Board; while with reference to. South Australia, it is stated that cood results are expected to flow from the establiskment of a Branch Office in Adelaide in place of an Agency. The policy of the Directors, it is mentioned, is to invest the receipts of the Victorian Branch in hecurities of that colony, and these, judging from the list of assets, are mortgages, not investments in State loans. We notice the line South Australian Govern ment debentures, £19,800, so that a beginning has been made in taking up our colonial bonds. Of Queensland debentures the institution hold3 about £176,000 worth; New Zealand ditto, £64,000; New South Wales ditto, £32,000; and Tasmasian ditto, £26,000. The whole report discloses a flourishing state of affairs, and gigantic yet increasing operations. The Yelta Mine.— On May 13 Captain Cow ling reported thus : — 'The lode in the bottom of Wright's Shaft, below the 55-fm. level, is fully 6 feet wide, and much the same in value and character as when last reported en, worth about 6 tons per fm. The 55-end driving north islooking well ; the part being carried is 4 feet wide, but with no hanging wall, principally of yellow ore, of which it will yield 6 tons per f m. The lode in the bottom of No. 4 Winze, below the 45-fm. level, is also looking splendid. The part carried is 4 feet wide, yielding fully 6 tons per fm. The lode in the stope north of No. 4 Winze is 8 feet wide, containing spar, iron, and yellow ore, and will pro duce of the last 7 tons per fm. The lode in the 55-end, driving north of No. 3 Winze, i3 8 feet wide, of spar, iron, mundic, and yellow ore, and will yield 6 tons per fm. The lode is very hard and spare for working, but from the character gone down in the bottom of the 45 level, north of the end, I hope a change for the better will soon be met. The lode in the stope north of 3 winze is 7 feet wide, producing 6 tons per fathom. The bottom of Office Shaft, sinking below the 45-fm. level, is 4 feet wide, and will yield 4 tons per fm. The 45 end, driving north of this shaft, is rather small and poor. The lode in the stope in back of 45 level north is about 2 feet wide, principally of good yellow ore. The lode in the stope south of shaft is 3 feet wide, containing spar and yellow ore, with a little mica, and will produce about 3 tons per fm. Nothing of ipiportance has been met with in the crosscut driving west at the 35 level, but the ground is very favourable and easy for driving.' Prince Alfred Mine.— The Captain of this Northern property wrote on May 13:— 'The engine-shaft is being sunk without delay. There has been more quartz than any previous week dropping in from the hanging wall, intermixed with spots of yellowish copper pyrites, the greater part being slate. We have commenced to stopej at No. 4 Shaft 22-fm. level south, and the yield has been good. The stope north of No. 4 continues good. We have driven 17 feet through good ore ground in the crosscut north of No. 4. According to appearance, we are nearing the hanging wall, and as soon as expec tations are confirmed we shall drive on the course of the lode. We have finished timbering up the ground for the present at No. 3, and have cleared the shaft. It is about five feet deeper than late workings. We have started the men to sink a few feet, as it will give us a great advantage in driving towards the ore.' Preserved Meats. — That we are capable of supplying an excellent article in the above line is shown by the following extract from a letter sent by Captain Eales, who recently sailed from here in the Sir Eobert Sale :— ' I just drop a line to tell you that the preserved meats supplied turned out first-class. I have hitherto carried Moir's, of Aberdeen, but much, prefer the South Australian meat, at one -third the cost. The salt meat I brought I cannot sell at any price, though in excellent condition. The butter spec was also a bad one.' This certificate as to the value of the production of the Alberton Works received from a shipmaster in Calcutta is deserving of notice. Diphtheria.— This disease is stated |to be prevalent at Clare, and several deaths have lately occurred there as the result of its virulence. [From yesterday's Everting Journal.'] Government Bonds.— On Friday, May 17, four tenderswere received at the Treasury for the purchase of tha whole or a portion of the £25,000 of Northern Territory 5 per cent, bonds which had been advertised. The list was as follows:— Wm. Hutchison, £2,000, £3 per cent., accepted; W. M. Letchford, £10,000 or £5,000, 7s. Id. per cent., not accepted; Mercantile Marine Company, £10,000, £2 5s. 7d., accepted ; Savings Bank, £25,000, £1 17s. Id., accepted to the extent of £13,000. The accrued interest to May 27 is 7s. Id. The Sawmill Gully Diggings. — These diggings are daily receiving new accessions from various parts of the country, and a considerable amount of gold is being got. A correspondent informs the Southern Argus that he saw over an ounce taken from one tub. Mr. Warland bought about 37 ounces during the last fortnight, but should have got a great deal more had not the rain prevented the diggers from washing. He expects to buy about 3 lbs. or 4 lbs. this week. The Southern Loop-Line.— According to the survey now proceeding, the loop-line from Cur rency Creek will join Goolwa and Middleton Railway at the back of Stuart's Hotel. St. Paul's School Feast.— The Day and Sunday Schools connected with St. Paul's, Ade- laide, had their annual feast on Thursday, May 16\. Mr. L. Hanson, of Woodville, had most kindly placed at the disposal of the teachers the grounds connected with St. Clair House, to and from which place a party of 272 was conveved by train, whilst a few more reached the ground by the road. There were the usual midday picnic and afternoon tea, football, croquet, swings, races, &c;, and the day happened to be peculiarly fine. Before leaving Mr. Hanson's kindness was recognised by three hearty cheers. The arrangements now made for Sunday- Schools on the railway are extremely considerate, and nothing can exceed the civility and attention of the various officials on the line. Migrating. — Another batch of farmers is leaving the Alexandrina District for the neigh bourhood of Narracoarte. Trans- Australian Telegraph.— The follow ing i3 tie weather report on the Port Darwin line for Friday : — Beltana— W., strong, steady, rain yesterday.. Strangways Springs — W., strong, clear, fine. Peake — W., fine, clear. Charlotte Waters— S., strong, clear. Alice Springs— N.W., moderately cool, clear. Barrow's Creek— S. W. , light, fine. Tennant's Creek— S.W., strong, fine. The Rainfall. — The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Thursday and the same hour on Friday ' at the undermentioned places:— Adelaide ... 0-070 Goolwa ? 0*080 Melrose ... ... 0*040 McGrath's Flat 0*060 MountBarker... 0*140 Robe' ^. M 0*080 Strathalbyn ... 0*020 Penola ... „, 0*240 Willunga ? 0*220 Narracoorte .-.. 0*110 « Normanvule ... 0*080 Gumeracha ,„ 0*220 Port Elliot ... Q'Ml 