MISCELLANEOUS. The citizens of Crawler have memo rialised the Provincial Gas Company for a reduction in the price of gas in that town 5 but the company refused to accede to their wishes. On the 5th inst., at Freeling, a man namejl Tim O'Brien had his thigjh broken by a log of wood falling on it. The Oawler Times says the patient is progressing favor ably. A Oanowie correspondent of the Kapunda Herald says it is expected that all the land on the Mannanarie and Yarcowie areas will be taken up when the prices come down to £1 an aere. Roebourne, a new town in West Aus tralia, was completely blown down by a cyclone on March 20. Every building (some of brick and stone) was destroyed. The whale fishery at Encounter Bay is being pushed forward. Adelaide cricketers have been asked to join in getting out an All England Eleven. Two men have been killed in a mine at Bendigo by the explosion of an unprotected keg of powder. It is stated that the income of Sir Daniel Oooper, in New South Wales is over half a million a year; his rent roll alone being worth £200,000 per annum. Punch gives the following as the " pur suit of knowledge:"-First agriculturist (quite a year after our branch had been opened) : What be they post-es vur, Mas'r Saml ? Second ditto (wag of the village) : Why to carry the telegraft woires, Geaige! First Ditto:-What be the woires vur, then ? Second ditto: What be the woiiea vur ? Why, to how'd up the postes, sart'n'y, Gearge A Sydney telegram says the steamer Par terson sprung a leak when off Newcastle, then got into the port and sunk. The following is a return of the receipts from stands of the East-End Market, Ade laide, during each year, from 1861 to 1872 -1861, £57 5s Id; 1862, £74 5s 8d; 1863, £70 lis; 1864, £153 0a8d; 1865, £257; 1866, £307 14s; 1867, £409 12s; 1868, £443 7s; 1869, £65419s; 1870, £66G 17s 6d; 1871, £715 4s 6d. A lad five years old was kicked in the face by a horse at Maclaren Vale on the 5th inst.; his jaw was completely smashed. His injuries are so serious that he is not ex pected to recover. The match between Hewitt, and the aboriginal Dick is said to be a false race, the blackfellow says he was paid not to win. The Kapunda gold prospecting party will proceed to the Northern Territoiy per the B. B. liner to Claymore. We understand a company has been formed on Yorke's Peninsula, and that a capital of £700 has been raised to test the mining property close to Holyeton. The May land sales were entirely satis factory. In another column may be seen the Nos. of Allotments sold and the' purchasers of them. The London Press condemn the delay in settling the Alabama question, blaming both the English and American Governments. We see that Mr. S. V. Pkey. yeas adver tised to lecture at Gawler last night. Per haps he might be "induced to pay 'Clare a visit. The Adelaide hounds-met for the first time this season at the Glynde last Saturday We may shortly expect the " Draeger" family at Clare, as wfe believe they purpose a Northern trip. Lately there have been a continence of | losses in the Sydney Post-office of letters containing money and cheques; the amounts already discovered amount to £2,000. The growth of flax is being strongly re commended in New South Wales, and the Press is agitating the question. By the Sydney telegrams we see that the man Donn, who was hanged for wilful murder, had such a long drop that hiB head was severed from his body in the fall. Discoveries of copper hare been made at Maitland, If. S. W. At Newcastle a man committed suicide by tying a heavy stone around his neck and pumping into the harbor. At Dunedin, N. Z., on the 9th ult., a man was shot near the volunteer ranges when firing was being carried on. A meeting has been held in Melbourne in favor of the establishment of a horse-breed ing farm for the supply of India, under a grant from Sir Salar Guag. A Swedish woman who arrive d at Mary borough, Queensland, by the last immi grant ship, gave birth to four female infants on the 14th ult., all alive and doing well. A subscription is being raised on behalf of the mother. A dastardly act is reported by the Ararat Advertiser. A person noticing that a bul lock was lying down and bellowing as if in agony, went up to it, and found that an augur had been bored through the animal's side and left there. The Chinese giant Chang has returned to China, where he carries on the business of a merchant. The Melbourne Argus says that on the arrival of the last two mails from England, a large quantity of jewellery was seized at the Post-office by the Customs authorities. The importers of the jewellery, instead of passing entries for it at the Customs and paying the usual duty, have by an arrange ment with the English exporter, been in the habit of getting it sent out enclosed in registered packets. An experiment has been made in the neighborhood of Hobart Town which if not perfectly successful, may serve as a useful precedent. An out-of-door theatrical per formance was given at Rosny, on the banks of the Derwent, and sereed to attract a large concourse of spectators. The turret-ram Thunderer has been launched. The real strength of revolving turrets will be shortly tested by a combat between the Hotspur and Glatton. Experi ments are being frequently made with tor pedoes at Woolwich. A curious evasion of the licensing law is now practised at the Divan dancing saloon, in Bourte street, Melbourne. To comply with the Act they close up punctually at 12, and turn everybody out; but at Tialf-past 12 the doors are re-opened, and dancing re commences, being then kept up during plea sure. The Maitland Mercurg hears that tin ore of good quality has been really discovered at two localities of the Lower Hawkesbury waters. A new South Wales paper tells the fol lowing ghost story:-As Mr, Dottohue'e mail coach was lately passing Beabala Point between Hay and Wagga, a voice was heard crying " Hie, hie," Young Donohue stopped the coach, turned the lamps round, cooeyed, looked about "half-an-hour, but could see nothing. This would not have been noticed but for the fact that a stock man was murdered by a shepherd at the Point some 20 years agoj and our in formant states that Mr. Peter Halbish, the former mail contractor, two years ago, saw the form of a man clinging to his coach wheels; and that Mr. John Buckley, when cammed there with cattle, at one time saw the fagure of a man which he hailed, but the phantom retreated towards the river and disappeared. The Jindabyne correspondent of the Monaro Mercury says:-" One of the most abominable nuisances the pastoralists of this locality, in common with many parts of the district, have to contend with, is the count less hordes of wild horses which invest the plains and ranges. The destruction of these useless animals at times forms the ob ject of a shooting expedition, but withal the nuisance does not seem to abate" The wife of a tradesman of Truro recently injured one of her hands, and was dissatisfied with the surgical treatment, which resulted in two finger3 being bent over the palm. She frequently declared that she would rather be without the hand altogether than be thus crippled up; and, suiting the action to the word, she on Thursday evening placed her arm on the rails, of the Cornwall line, in front of an advancing train, the wheels of which cleanly amputated the hand atthewrist. She then went in a cab to the Cornwall Infirmary. A previous at tempt to get on the railway had been frus trated. A few days since Mr. Donnelly, of Berambula, came across a miserable crea ture in the bush upon his run in a state of almost perfect nudity, and, for the time at least, but too evidently a lunatic. Mr. Donnielly at once secured him, and took him to the hut of a splitter, where he was clothed and looked after, and the police having been communicated with, he was brought into Wagga by coach in charge of a constable, and admitted to the hospital. His name is Robert Thompson, and he has but recently left the Liverpool asylum, where he had* been for some time in confinement, as according to his own. ac count in his more rational moments, he also has been in several other asylums. He states that he was on his way to Adelaide, but lost himself in some scrub near Tarcutta and was out in the bush two days and nights. He also states that his brother was formerly the owner of the Park Hill station near Hamilton, in the colony of Victoria. Since the admission to the hospital he has at times been veiy violent, and has conse quently been a source of great annoyance to the other patients.-Wagga Wagga Express. A double murder was committed on the Barcoo by the blacks on the 24th ult. The particulars only reached town on Thursday evening, more than three weeks, after the occurrence. In a letter received by Mr. Stevenson, the following particulars are conveyed:-The victims were Mr. Welford, the owner of a cattle station adjoining Isis Downs, and his stockman. While engaged in cross-cutting a tree, they appear to have been struck from behind by the blacks, and to have died without a struggle, Afessrs. Harris and Howe happened to be . visiting the run afterwards o^Jbtisiness, and finding no one in the but, and that it had beea ritk-d of all the fire-arms, ammunition, saddles, and rations, their suspicions wart aroused. They, made a search,. and found the place where the murders were com They afterwards discovered' poor Welford's body in a deep w&terhole.; y. -The. stockman's body had not been found, but no doubt is entertained that he, too, wot foully murdered- Complaint is made that the ciime is traceable to the insufficiency of police protection, and to the want of * proper patrol on the roads of that district.: Another letter received dated Tambo, May 10, supplies the following extract:-" We have had very sorrowful news here. Poor Mr. Weiford and bis stockman have been murdered by the blacks, 200 miles lower down the river than we are. I have known him for the last six years. He liad country taken up, and was cattle farming. It seems that he and the stockman had been felling some timber, perhaps to make yards, and at they bent over their work, the blacks cams unawares and killed them. They must have been some time dead, for when the body of Welford was .found it was floating on the top of the water. He must liava been killed, and afterwards dragged to the waterhole, and thrown into it. The body of the stockman is not yet found."-JRack hampton Bulletin. Ttae appointment of Mr. Cash el Hoey &f; I secretary to the Agent General of Victoria I has given rise to.some warm comments in that colony. The Argus has the following paragraph on the subject:-" Who is Mr. J. Oashel Hoey ?" the newly appointed secre tary to the . Agent General, is a question which has been very frequently asked this week, and which Mr. Duffy's meagre, reply to Mr. Garratt on Wednesday has not satisfied. Let the gentleman step forward and speak for himself. Turning over an old file of the Nation, we find from the report of a banquet given in September, 1853, at New Ross, in honor of the Independent Irish party, at which Mr. Duffy was a dis tinguished guest, that Mr. Cashel Hoey, in responding to the toast of "The Irish People," after some fervid references to a superb charge of the insurgent peasantry in 98 which routed the King's troops, gave the following interesting authobiograpnical detai'e:-" I hafe some right to share those memories with you, my friends. I,' too, : boast of rebel blood, ana am proud to bear the names of two ancestors, one of whom died in the Oromwellian warsj and another upon the gallows of Drogheda in '98 prouder, aye, ten million times prouder, than if the blood winch they shed had floated down to me a Duke's comet upon its tide." These old banquet reports are rather amusing by the light of recent events. . Mr. Duffy and his friends, it seems were always met with a brass band, on' the same system that has been carried out here during the recess just closed, and the many columned speeches are distinguished by the - many flights of fancy and the well-known plentitude of poetical quotation. And all; these Irish demonstrations, to complete the parallel, ended as the famous Ministerial progressess in this colony are about ib end -ill smoke. On the the 7th of June, 1851, whilst Mr. Gashel Hoey was editor of the Nation, an article appeared attacking the queen with reference to a military spectacle. That article says-"Her**-the Queen's "hand as laid as heavy on Ireland as cruelly and unrelentingly as if the iron muscles of Cromwell had wielded the truncheon of sovereignty. Ireland lies in ruins at Her foot stool. And, should she, then, lift - up her voice and hands in the tones:and gestures of thankfulness and joy ? Oh 1 ^this coward and canting litany of loyalty and love, for England, how it shocks conscience-how ft outrages truth-how it shocks humanity how it offends God." A New York despatch of tie 23rd April. says the latest.mail advices from' Europe treat largely of threatening relations between Germany and France. From London finan cial circles come a report that Russia is at the back of France, and is making prepara tions for an aggressive war againt Germany on a gigantic scale. European capalists are acting with caution, and regard the future, with distrust. The Bank of England ia using its best efforts to discourage specula tion and strengthen its own condition^ France still owes Germany $600,000,000, and Germany holds as security six of the eastern departments of France, which she occupies with a force of 40,000 men. . If M. Thiers should make up his mind. the, time has arrived, it is in his power to throw. against this force with suddenness 450,000 men. 