MISCELLANY. " TABLE RAPPING."-After a public dinner. THE best safety match-marrying a rich wife . . MOCK TURTLE.-Kissing before company and fighting afterward. GIRLS nowadays, it is said, know too much at 15 and too little at SO. "FIGURES won't lie," i» not oopDftSfid to apply .to a fashionable woman's figure, Bays the Mobile '* Kegister." A WESTERN newspaper, criticising certain poems, observes tfat " they lack the divine afflatus or the true bard-the redolent ichor of genaine poesy." COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON. - Fond Pareut: "I hope yon will be very caieful, Mr. Stimp gon. I have always been accustomed to cut their hair myself Mr. Btimpaon: .. So I should have thought, madam !"' "WELL. Judge,"saidafriendtothe President of a Paris court wider the Empire, " did you condemn many to death at your session to-day ? * "Three, and I don't hesitate to say that two of them deserved it" SPEAKING of the compositor who compiled 60S legitimate English words from the letters forming the words Prinoe Alexis, the Louisville "Courier Journal" says he ooght to print them in a book, and call it Alexioon. RUDIMENTS OF SCEPTICISM AND ORTHODOXY. -The Free-thinking Lucy: "Do you know. May, sometimes, when I hurt mys'IC, the place gets well wivout nobody never kitsin' it." The Faithful May: " I don't beyieve you, Yncy 1" HIGH LIFE BELOW STAIRS.-Indian Intel ligence states that four Kookas have been hanged for killing butchers at Umritaur. A strange inttanoe of a quarrel .between Koolcery and Butchery, which may generally be considered joint occupations. SPORTING ANECDOTE.-A boy and his nncle go out at Christmas to shoot Boy.-" I suppose ancle, I may pop at anything I see." Uncle-"Tea. my boy, fire at nearly anything. As the ghost in 1 Hamlet . says ' Voider most fowl'" OFFENBACH'S last bonffe brought out at the Bouffes Parisens, called "Boole de Neige," is a wild txtravaganta. The " Snowball," in question is a bear as well as a Grand Khan and the behaviour of some of thejcharacters is beyond all limits of reason THET have a new way of getting up surprise parties in certain parts of Illinois. A reeldeat reoaives an anonymous letter, stating that a surprise party will be with bun on a oertain evening He prepares far it Nobody oomes, and the surprise of the party is oomplete. ABOLITION OF PURCHASE.-Aspiring Private: "bhure thin, darlin' isn't this the blessed furrust o' November, and ivery man in the ridgmint is as mod as another, from the offioers downwards ? So, if ye'll onlyoonsint, it's metelf that 'ull make ye a cyaranal's lady in no time at all. at all 1" THE WBONO ROAD-"Come back, sir; that's not (he right road," said a nobleman oaSootch tieepatser on hit park. "'Do ye ken whaur I'm gaung?" said the offender. "No," replied his lord ship. ''Well, hoo the de'il do ye ken whether this be the right road or no? " A CERTAIN Heir Hoffmann has printed at Bade his" Wanderungon naoh Califbrnien Nevada und Mexico." He is a lively traveller, but his oeoa tiional English quotations are open to oritloism. Thus, the favourite American restorative ' iherry-oobbler, becomes " Jerry gobbler," and ttye ou>ternary oath la a oourt of justioe is rendered thut'b.v Herr Hoffmann : " You must speak tbe truth and nothing else, and if you don't, God help you." Louis PHILIPPE ON FRANCE.-At the close of bis I lie, when onoe more an exile in England, Lodie Philippe uttered «ne of those pttgnant senteuoes in which men .mm up (heir experience of their own mistakes Said he. "In France all is possible, the Republio, the Buonapartes, the Gomtede Chambord my grandson. - all is possible; but nothing will be permanent, 'car lis oat lufi le respect.'"-Life of Marie A»i&ie.; JOSHBHAJNOSON HATS -"Rats," savs Josh Billings, '-originally 'cum from Norway, The beat way to domesticate them that I ever saw is to surround ; them with a steel trap; yukan reason with them thus ? to a great advantage. One pilr of healthy rats it all , thatonny manwants tu start the rat bines with, and In 90 daxe, without any delay, he will have rate enoff tew turn oph, ftate viewed from any platformyoucan , build ai» unspesklbly cuz^d." AN affecting incident, reported by the ; Ratine " Journal"The other day a father end eon weie dressing a hqg, the father doing the ;ohopping, By a mlsstrp^e; initead of splittiug the ho« open, he. «pllt his SOD'S hand, (n explanation how it happened, to the doctor, the fatheraxolalmed: VI oanuot tell a lie, doctor; indeed', I cannot. I did It with my Uttle hatchet" Tie eon was deeply moved, and Was heard to rematk that he "had rather have such a Cither then awhOle.slaughterbousefUUcf <toadh<>p'' :: " THE RULING PAsaioiu-^r Talbot Howard Ten de Yen!: 'AhI GoSd mornfi^ihs. Jones1 Dreadful aooident just fifc^red. r'Fw > jonBg lti&jr; riding along the; Klqg's-r^f-^Miv^took fright reared, and felTfcsok upon her-dmataUy injured, I'm spnjp to My ^Woodbee H wwllhgton Jonji: " Quite too shooking, dear Sir Talbot I Wss she-er a person of position r-£ftr Talbot: H«w»rd Vera de Vere: 'Position, by Qbofse I" Doooed tinoomfortable position, too, I should say 1 Hawthoenb A CONFESSOR - After tfer children had left d« for the night, we aat.aud .talked together, or rather I questioned and aha (ttn. Hawthorne) answered. tellipg me of her husbant's1' home life, and alao of hit interoourae »itlisti*0»aw : .; saying what touched bat did not «nrpri«em0, thati^eM ' who had oommltted gnat prime*, or whose mwWKVlea held tragic secrets would sometimes write to hiaa,fw ' even oome great distances to see him, and unburden . their aonli. This was after the publication of tWe * Scarlet Letter," which made them regard htm as .the father-confessor for all hidden »in«.-From An Evening with Mrs. Hawthorne." iit the Atlantic. Monthly. Bikts TO Oboabists.-P. Be aeon, .en., gives the following " Booles for Playin Unto aOnaa .into Meetin -'* When the preacher earns In and seels down in the poolpit poll out all the (toppers. That's wot the atoppeia is for. When a him la gave oat to be snug play orer the whoal toon before tinging bnt be sore to play it to that they can't tell whether its that toon or tome other toon. It irlll nnimsn the people to geas. When you play the interloods antntimei pall all the stoppers oat, and sum times pall thfm all in. The stoppers is made to pail oat and in. Play the interloods about twioe as loDg at the toon. The interloods is the best part of the mewaic and should be the longest. Play from the in'erloods into the toon * itliout letting them kno when the toon begins. This will teach them to mind tbare bisnea. Always play the interloods faster or slower than the toon. This will keep it from bein the same time as the toon. If the preacher give oat 5 verces play 4. To menny verces is teejas. Doorin the sermon go oat of the church and cum l ack in time for the next toon. This will show you. doaut mean to be hard on the preacher by h&vin; too meuny listenin to him at wun»t."-" American paper." BLUNDERING INTO SENSB -It is well to know the meaning of words, bnt there is alBO a satis faction in hearing shrewd good sense assort itself through the blunders of au excuaable ignorance. " You. have neen on the philosophy this morning." says an exasperated mother to her truant son. "I'm sore I havn't," ia the muttered denial. .' Yea, you have," she sternly rejoins ; .. I can see it by your trousers.' After all, there aTe infinitely more people who know the difference of sound between philosophy and velocipede than can define what philosophy really is. Tuere is a clerical anecdote of the late Or Wolff bearing on our point He was in th9 habit of concluding his sermons with a text declaimed in the original Hebrew. Preaching to a village audience on one occasion, he fol owed his usual custom. The vicar, calling on a parishioner 'he following day, invited bin comments on the powerful discourse. "Yes, sir." was the reply, "it was a very grand sermon, and tbe gentleman thought so himself, for be finished it off with " Sip, hip, hip. hurra!" Now the right view of this incident is not to laugh at the man for a blunder, but to admire his insight into the nature of tbe preacher Any one who has once heard Dr. Wolff will recall the jubilant emphasis of bis delivery, and the enormous self estimate it conveyed. Tbe letter might be Hebrew poetry, but the spirit of nis wind-up was alwajafriu strict accord ance with the rustic interpretation of it.-Saturday Review. "WABMINT" DOGS AND GENERAL DOGS. " A_ warmint dog, mies, as hi* name implies, is a do£ as is kept for the killing of warmint. Wow there's, a many kinds of 'im: boll-dog, bull-terrier, fox-terrier, black-arid tan territr, toy, Dandy, and Skye. Similarly there's varieties in the nature of warmint. as badger, pole cat. weasel and rat Of badeer* there is couutry barigen and old hands. Of pole cats there is wild and tame, uf rats, why there's as much difference in rats, lor bless you. »s what there is in Christians. I've seen . big rats as a new horn kitten could kill ; and contrari wise, one of mr young men went to enter a well-bred year-old toy witu au old rat, and 1 m blessed if the dog didn't cut; arid inn for his life, hnwliug, round the lanes, an<i the rat after him." "I seen it "said Jim Akin. .' But I don't want a dog to kill anything," aaid Rebfoca. "Hies wants a general dog, I expect, miller,aid Jim Akin to the master chimney-sweep. "Tip her some of your advice now." "General don, miss," said the miller complacently, "is like warmint dogs, various; and I never seen none that was much 'count, takin' into consideration what dgs was made for. Still Providence made 'em, and the fincy gives prizes for em. similarly as they do for fautails and pouters, and other rubbish that were only created for showing and dealing. If I had my will, miss, there should be no prizes for any pigeons exoept c .rriera, and none for any dogs except real warmint"- ' Hetty," by H. Kingslny. " ' LORD HOUGHTON writes to the Athenceum: * In reference to tbe authorship of the popular ballad, 4 Home, sweet- home!' the following anecdote may he interesting to y< nr mnsical readersI was residing at Milan with my family at the time of the production of the opera of 'Anna Bolena.' We were v<*iy intimate with Madame Pasta I well remember her calling one day. and telling as she was very much discontented with her share in the partition of the last sceae of the opera, and she added, 'You English have so many beautiful airs whirh yom sing among yoursalves, that I am sure yon could help me.' My mother, who waa a very fioeruusieian. mentioned' Home, sweet home I' as a song which its own air and words, and Miss Piton's singing, had made very popular in England She sang it, and Madame Pasta, sitting down to the pianoforte, said, * It will do; I am sore it will do.' Donizetti adopted it accordingly, and thanked us for having got him out of his difficulty. As to the authorship, not having any mnsical books about me, I can only express a vague remembrance that it appeared first in a col lection of foreign songs, with English words The music, I believe, was arranged by Biahop, and the words were either by Baily or Thomas Moore. The air was Sicilian, and I particularly remember saying to Madame Pasta that it was curious that au Italian air should get back to its 'home' through an English medium.'' Another correspondent says '-the poetry" set to "tbe Sicilian melody" waa composed by an Ame'ican, the late Mr. J. tL Payne, U.S. Consul at Tunis. WANT OF DISCIPLINE.-At a very early hoar the next morning tbe-camp rose like one man. The time occupied in striking a tent is Generally about three minates. Thus, through the foresight of the major commanding, we had plenty of leisure to per form the opera'ion-in point of fact, to reduoeiito figures, four boon' time for not four minutes' work. It was a cold morning, but the gallant chief was on his hone. The everlasting "offioera' call" waa sounded. " Now, gentlemen," said the major, *' you know hbw to strike the tents. Let each man be at bis place, gentlemen, and when the * G' sounds on tho bugle, down with the tents together, gentlemen. Thank yon, gentlemen." We hnnird off to our re spective companies, and superintended the preparations for striking. "Mow, gentlemen,"' cried the major from hia horse, " let every man be in his plaoa. Officers of companies, see to your men. Whan the adjat&nt; about there? Captain Hinkuan, look to your teat sir I It's tbe duty of every officer to sec after his owe tent Mind that, sir. Now, where'e the bugler ? Where's the bugler t Confound that bugler 1 Bugler I Now, officers of companies, look after your men. Mind, Captain Hinkman, every officer is re sponsible' for the striking of his own tent Now, bugler-sound I" The bugle sounded, and every tent fell to tbe ground-but one. " Good heavens I" shouted the major, foatnlngwitb rage ."Whose tent is that? I know it's an offioer's; I tell you it's an officer's. I taow U is." He was perfectly rijht-the tent waa his own!- ' Autumn Manoeuvring,": in London Society. A PBOMPTEB'S DIFFICULTIES -Ifc Is a popular notion that, although-all pereonsxasy not beendowed with hisirioniojgitta, it is open to evei^bod? toperfcrm the duties of a prompter without preparation or a udy. Btlll the offioe reqtiirea tothe exBrctsi of care and judg ment. " Here's a nice ubm you've got me into," said onoe a tragedian, imperfect, in his text, to an inex perienced or incautious prompter.- What am' I to do nowt Thanks to you l'fe beta and spoken all the next' act-?". And the prompteprhas a task of eeriou* difficulty before him when'the aotors are but distantly acquainted %lth their parts,"or #*»Sjr bftabfyU"-that itsyllablea. as they prefer,to doacrihe their oondltton. 'Where hayetfrtygpt to rowr fre hsa aomwtlmea to-, ask himteir.^hwtetadiihtm rnaklnghavoo or their speeches, mbstng thelretifeSi andieadltoff Mm a sort** steeplechase through the bopl^ of the pl*y. It fc thfr golden rule of the player who is *«jriujci"-a loss for words-to "oome to HeoubaAts ttsMtb aohie p ' of hi* duty *hloh hshuwws to bear lagebolh " What's the ofboUbjSiiig about wordpJ" demanded a vrtetia Aroller, '. I *l*eys«*y something and ysi Ott aoa jaAi dnriqg^l^p^ra^^i^ at a Ipss as tb ttetwft iMm* ot hl4 setwnd amp mm 1 " Let na retire) Sesiiip-3 in a Aioreeequeiwed men. we .the walls | daieiotshow.** A,.__ ;<>» anUMtsnln fertile the niir Bound." 