MARK JARRETT'S DAISY, TI?E WILD TLOWEI OFr IIAZELDROOK, CHAPTER XIII. How soon a week passes away-that is, under certain conditions. It lags with the man who has got a legacy coming, and who wants the money sorely. It flies with him who has a bill to meeoot, and is very. doubtful of being able to scrape together the coin to meet it with. It has wings with the slave of the desk, who has seven days in the year for fresh air, change of scono, recruiting health, and seeing the elephant, whatever shape that animal may take; for he finds himself back, with his nose to the grind stone, almost before he was quite sure that he had left it b~hind. It crawls with leaden feet to the impatient young beauty, who on that night'week to come is to meet at a gar rison ball that supreme darling, the hand some, deep blue eyed, soft-voiced Lieutenant Charles Temple Fano .Do la Poor Oholmon doloy Adair, who made such eyes at her but a few days back on the parade, where they met each other for the first time. But, why apply to those illustrations, which every reader may multiply for himself a rolicias exquisitas or ad dolestatioenom, as a schoolboy would say. Everybody will tell you'it is an electric flash, which oncompassoe the' earth at a thought, or an old tub Sdrifting on a currontless lake, at no miles an hour. Wilfred, after his return to Fairholmo Priors, would, nevertheless, have been una ble, so far as he was concerned, to have defined it. He had returned to the paternal residence in a dream. A week had elapsed, and he was not yet out of it. He had a distinct impression that he had handed to his mother the receipt he had received from Old Porsoeverantin, &o.;, that he had looked steadfastly at her eyes and features to watch for any emotions to betray themselves, that he watched in vain, 'not a muscle changing, not the faintest additional tint of colour to her peach-like cheek.: She only lowered her lids beneath his-we might say glare, but that was all. She took the paper, looked at it, smiled, and said, " thanks, darling Wil," as if it was a bill for a dozen 'pairs of gloves he had paid for her by her desire. Then his active brain took wings" into the realms of imagination, of the most chime 'rical, mystical, puzzling, bewildering comn position, and he moved and acted like one utterly dazed. He had a vague notion of being in the stables, of trying hunters, of taking des perate leaps, of out jumping the Earl of Garaton, and a half a dozen other men, who were noted steeplechasers; he had an idea that he had defeated' Colonel Waldron at billiards, had beaten him in a race over Hartley Flats, and had cleared a brook, into which the colonel was thrown by his horse, who refused it, and was nearly drowned. He had a hazy notion that his father had flitted before him like a grim, frowning, grey ghost, a dozen times at least- or that he had in some way unconsciously glided into his presence, and as quickly glided out of it. He had an uncomfortable idea that his cousin Gabriello had lavished attentions upon him which had made him hot and cold by turns. Whenever they mot her pale eyes seemed to fasten upon his, and remain as if they were long icicles instead of beams of light.: Her hand appeared to be ever stray ing towards his coat sleeve, and sliding down it aito his hand, where it would clutch and hang on, as if afraid of falling farther. Then, too, she had called him "Willy dear !" " Willy poet'! ".Wil, you sweet '.thing" I and "Wil, you dear, sauoy boy I " 'until he began to have a delirious suspicion that he was only five years old, instead of more than flve times that immature ago. He'had a vague idea of having boon mu ch handled by his tailor. Of boing mea sured from shoulder to. wrist, from nape to. waist, from hip to knee, across his shoul dere, and round his manly chest-of being, ' in fact,, taped and, manipulated most dies 'tastefully.' `He had a misty impression that a hunting suit had followed this ceremony, and that he had been informed by the groom and valet, recently appointed to him, that .it would " lick anything in the field at long odds, bar nhone." This groom and valet bore the name of Tibeholf, from the place' in which he was born, and Tart, after the name of his family on the male side. He was, however, better known as Tib Tot, for in all senses of: the word he was a diminutive. He had been reared in racing stables, and 'trained to ride four stone four pounds. He had been so successfully swathed, sweated, dad slillied, that at ninetoon he could ride five stone four without.boing called' upon to reduce himself. SLove, the tyrant, however, had interfered ,with his racing career. It had sent a shaft with one whirr through his heart, by moeans of a pretty sirl's eyes, and when he repro sented to her that, owing to the slaughter "'she, had occasioned "'and an' 'art was heorn," whenever she chose to declare him 'the winner, " if it was by on'y arf a 'ed." But the damsel laughed until' she cried again. "What, little bit Tib in love with her! '" She screeched with morriment at the thought of it. " What, Tib Tot for a lover I Why, he was hardly big enough for a" chimney ornament, much loss for a master." And she shrieked again, " Little Tib Tot to walk with!'" Why, she should ;always be treading on him, or losing him. No, Tib was too little for that, too little for 'almost anything-certainly, too little for a husband. Tib was undoubtedly deprived of his breath by this sally ; but lie took his robuff in a manly way. Ho said he believed that 'partridge was as good eating as grouse." He had known a little horso, a more pony, carry off the blue riband of the turf against soto of the tallest and longest-legged thoroughbreds ever trained; but it was for her to choose. Ho did not desire her to take him as if he wore a pill-though only a homeaopathio globule-and he thought none the worse of her for spoaking her mind straight out. He should always liko her the same, would noact a true part to her if ever she needed his help, and only asked her to shako hands with him, bid him God speed, and part good friends. That was all he said. The girl listened to him between a laugh and a cry, wrunlg his hands with both hers, then tompotuonuely throw her arms about his nooeck, and kissed him with a loud snmack.l Then sho pushed him away, retreated herself, and began to gnaw the and of her apron, as if it wore a piece of tough bacon rind. Then, as he had vanished, she raced up into her bedroom and watched him disappear round a corner with a brisk trot, as if pursued by his thoughts. When he really had gone, and was no more for her, she stamped her foot, and cried "Dang it! I likes little bit Tib a'tor all." Then she sat down, tossed her apron over her head, and had a right down hearty good cry. But then be it remembered Tib was a very regular-featured, "fair- complexioned youth, with bright blue eyes, and smooth, shining hair, of the colour of butter-Oambridge and the girl was just sixteen year old, when this event happened. However, Tib throw up the racing stable, and fitted himself for his present occupation. He had an idea that good living and regular exercise in a loss violent way would lengthen and swell him out, and make him more pro seontablo to his selection. If she had not declared for one, two, or three sizes larger than himself, he would throw his cap in the ring again. The reader will pardon this digression; but as Tib conceived an extraordinary spaniol-likeo fondness for his young master almost as soon as he entered his service, and as he was aotively engaged in subsequent events, it is perhaps rather advantageous that his character, as above developed, should be known simultaneously with his introduction on the scone. All this had gone on in the week after the visit to Bunsterdalo, and withal Wilfred never lost from his vision or mind the faoo and form of Mark Jarrott's Daisy. As he had seeoon it on Black Down, at Jarrett's Grange, and at the chaem above the Dove. But only to make him miserable, for while he yearned with a sick longing to accomplish another interview with her, he could not obtain one, nor think of any plan calculated to be at all successful. And in' this condition of things the day of the hunt, which was to be the fullest, most fasehionable, and indeed the greatest meet of the soeason, broke a thorough hunting norning. There was a grand breakfast at Fairholme IPriors-for on this day Mrs. Rokoby had resolved to win the brush, and cover Mark Jarrett's Daisy with ignominious dofoeat, should she attempt to appear, as it was quite believed she would. Mark Jarrott had at least fourteen of the hest hunters in the county in his stables although he did not ride himself. No doubt heto would on this day. mount his Daisy on the hbot. But Mrs. Rokeby had twenty in her sta bles, and one which she hold, and had boon given to believe would surpass all the rest in the achievements of the day, she purposed riding herself. She had given to Wilfred the next boat for a mount, and when, to her amazomont, Mr. Rokoby announced his in tention to join the hunt, she promptly named a thoroughbred hunter, who would I carry him to the death as ably and well as any which might be in the field. The Earl of Marston, Colonel Waldron, Lord Gormaino, the Honorable Joskyn Jarvis, Sir Wellington Braham, the Rev. Matthew Lawless, Captain Foley, Jolly Jack Shelley, Squire Chute, and several others, all members of the hunt, were at Fairholmo Priors to breakfast, and talked of the coming sport as such enthusiasts do talk of suoh sports. Squire Chute declared the hounds 'to be in unequalled condition, and he advised those who could manage it to send a second hunter to the field. " We expect to throw off at Witloy, don't we ?" said the Earl of Marston, who ap poared in high spiriti. S"Yes," returned the squire, winking both eyes, and laughing. ".I knows what I knows, and I can keep a secret, as the old dame said when she found a shilling her husband had lost; but I will toll you that we shall draw cover and throw off before sany of you can feel your seats, or even cross your hunters. You will have to look sharp; and skin your. eyelids when he's gone away." .' " We shall have Mark Jarrett's Daisy, I suppose," observed Colonel Waldron, affoot ing to yawn, yet glancing at Wilfred and at Gabriollo. He saw the first start, and the second oast an eagle's glance on Lord Marston's fair young face. The colour of the earl mounted to cheook and brow, and he said, with evident sin cerity " I hope so-I hope so." How ghastly pale Gabriello turned. "If wo throw off at Witloy and make for the ridges, that young lass won't show in the front rank this time," remarked Squire Chute, emphatically. "No, indeed," ejaoulated Mrs. Rokeby, with yet stronger emphasis, and a most re solute expression on her features. Mr. Rolkoby, who was present in hunter's costume, did not join in the conversation, but moved restlessly to and fro. Seoral times he gazed with a kind of fixed staroeat Gabriolle's colourloess face, and would; then cover his eyes with his hands, as if plung ing into a distracting effort of memory. Anon he would glare at Wilfred, and bite his nother lip, perhaps to start at the silvery, ringing laugh of his wife. Then he would fix his gaze upon her, shifting it to the face of overy man in the room, only to proceed with a rapid stop to each window, and poor out into the places beyond, as if in soarch of some one-who was not there. The grooms wore all gone with the hun tors to the moot, several ladies had joined Mrs. Rokoby and Gabriollo. Most of them were in h?dbits, and intouded to follow the hounds at the first burst in a ladylike way. Gabriollo was dressed for a drive too, but not as a horsowoman-sho lacked the requi site courage, and so followed the pack in an open landau. At the door carriages wore assembled, and also a number of thoroughbred hacks for those who designed to ride to hounds, and most of the gentlemen adopted this course. Mrs. Rekoby was the only lady who did. Wilfred rode by her side, and in his fault lessly fitting scarlot coat, his round black velvet jockey cap, loathers, and boots, looked the very ploturo of a modern Aotmon. Mrs. Rolcoby looked wondorfully well in her auporbly-fitting scarlet habit, and with her bright smiloes, animatoed looks, and fair complexion, appeared more like Wilfrod's sister than his mother. And now the plaooeof meeting was gained, and a fiee sight it was. There were from a hundred and fifty to two hundred thoroughly well-mounted men at the cover side, which was a most extensive heath or furze brake. There were also a large number of ladies-a great many carriages, gige, traps of all kinds. Also a very considerable number of rustic pedestrians. There were the well-trained pack of hounds, under the charge of the huntsman and assist ants, moving restlessly to and fro, their spotted sides and glossy coats shining Ilke satin. Presently Squiro Ch'ute, with a wave of his eelap and a screeching cheer, shouted out loudly "'I ark in I Hark in I" The huntsman echoed the cry lustily, and in an instant, as if by magic, nota bound was visible. They weore all in the goreo, nosing the ground. At this exciting.moment, when AMrs. Roke by's heart was'boatiog high, and her eyes were wandering over the gorse, a hand was laid upon her bridle. She felt it in a moment.. She looked angrily at the intruder, who was a young man in the garb of a gamekeeper. lIe touched.his hat and said "' I bog pardon, my lady. You bought this horse o' John Hoskyn?" "Well," she exolaimed, haughtily, but with a slight feeling of alarm for fear that she was about to receive some unpleasant in tolligonceo " I have just come from him," he contin uod; " an' he bid me say that he'd forgot to tell you about the horse's vice." " What vices?" sels inquired, with a slight change of colour. Was her anticipated triumph to be snatched from her after all ? " When his mettle's up, my lady, he is apt to take the bit in his mouth, and stick to it, and won't go only his own way," said the young fellow, very respectfully. "Just then give him the crop o' your whip hard atweon his ears. IIe'll drop the hit then, an'. go all right, my lady." "Pbohaw I Is that all? Let'go the bridle, my man, and when you pass the Priors ask Stevons for a sovereign. I will toll him," "Thank'oe, my lady. You are well mounted, Mark Jarrstt's Daisy will have to ride'woll to beat you to-day." , Another moment, and he was gone. At the same time the gorse seemed sud denly to be animated with a motion not com municated to it by the wind. Presently a hound appeared, leaping over some furze, then another, and yet another, who leaps out, and with his nose to the ground, and his tail beating his aides, moves busily to and fro. "Gambol," shouts the second whipper-in, who has diecovorod him. "To oover. Got to cover, Gambol." , And Gambol darts into the gorse, not to be immediately discoverable. Yet the gorse begins to grow more animated, and shakes more than before.; "They are drawing' beautifully, Wil," murmurs Mrs. Rokoby, under her breath. Wil, who is thinking of Daisy, sighs "Beautiful, indeed I" Now the gorse is soon quite alive, the hounds are visible leaping over each other's backs. "Have at him there!" yelled; Mr. Rokoby, suddenly, as if, like Rip' Van Winkle, he had started up out of a slooeep of twenty years' duration. "Have at him there," shouted the hunts man, with a shrill soream. " Have at him, good hounds!" "A fox for a thousand I" bawled Sir Wellington Braham, with his right hand to the side of his mouth, and rising up in his stirrups, he stretched his nook out orano like. "Hold hard there!" cried the ecoond whipper-in, as some of the horsemen began to oreep up to a point where the fox is ex pooted to break. " Hold hard, gentlemen; don't spoil sport." But the gorse is moving and, shaking more violently than over, and the .excite mont is rising to boiling point. Smokers fling away their oigars,, glove their hands, gather up their rinme, and tako a firmer hold of.their whips. Suddeoily a sound, likle the wailing ory of a child, rises from the furze brake. A hound has challenged, and the hearts of the huntsmen boat rapidly. Another takes it up-a third, a fourth, the gorseis alive, and the whipper-in chers with a delirious screecooh, 'Now, like the dischargeo of a gunu,'bursts a ory from' Squire Chute, "Tally ho ! Gone awayl " "Gone away," shouted fifty frantio men, preparing to go away, too, at their hardest. '!Ware hounds," yelled an authoritative voieoo. "Ware hounds, Give them time, gentlemen-give them time." '"There he breaks ! there he breaks l" soroamed a delighted fox-hunter, indicating a point with his whip. * . There flow the fox sure enough, closely followed by a few of the oldest and most experienced hounds,. The rest of the pack immediately follow,'taking up the soont, each laying himself steadily down to his work. Thon' arises a tromendous olatter, like a charge of life- guardsmen, and the whole cavaloado, with their horses' hoofs thunder ing upon the turf, are in motion, in pursuit, and at a grand speed too. This is the splendid burst Over a field of fifty noros, over a field of a hundred, over hedges and ditches, gates and raile, the fox at full speed, the hounds in a compact body, with a breast-high soont, and their heads well tip. Twenty minutes, and the pace had begun to toll, for the regiment of riders are changing position, and the beast mounted are foremost. Yet a large body are well up. In the first rank, however, was Mrs. Rokoby, the horse on which she was mounted going like a mooracer, and clearing every obstaolo as if it were an antelope. No matter what the impediment-a stiff fence banked with trees, or an ugly looking brook--Elfrito bounded over it to the ad miration of every observer, and to the triumphant delight of its rider. Wilfred kept closo up to his mother, and Mr. Rokoby, who seemed to have entered into the sport with all the ardour of the most impetuous lover of it there, rodo at overy thing, and took the fences in a hunteman like style. The going was magnifieoont; everyone was in high spirite; and with a scornful curl of her lip Mrs. olkoby looked about her for Mark Jarrott'u Daisy. With eager yearning, with hungry eyes, Wilfred looked overywhere in hopeful search of Mark Jarrott's Daisy. Thoe Earl of Marston, the squire, and some of the men in the front rank, looked right and loft lor Mark Jarrott's Daisy, ox poeting to see her come up with and pass them like a flying cloud. But, to the general disappointment, she was nowhere visible. Suddenly arose a cry of disappointment a sense of some great calamity, a fooling of despair. . The fox had stolon a march on his pur suors. The hounds were at fault. TIhre wva a choock. Reynard had doubled artfully, and the hounds had overrun the scent. A blast rom the huntsman's horn, and the well trained pack came back to the spot where they had lost the scent. Out of the hundred and sixty or seventy ridors, not a dozen are up hero, but among hat select few are Mrs. Rokoby and Wil fred, the former's face glowing with ox ultant joy, and the latter looking as dull as f all his hopes in life had boon dashed to fragments. Before the advancing troop could join the front rank there arose a shout from a countryman, who, flourishing a stick, seemed o he pursuing something towards the pack. Not a minute before one of the hounds '-poke." Thon another "yo doitl " howled the hunteman. "Hark forward I Yoioks I Yoioks " There goes the fox again, and this time the hounds thoroughly well on to him. Away go the field again, the foremost among them being Mrs. Itokoby, who, seeing before her a formidable "bull-finch," puts her horse straight to it. The noble animal pricks ip his ears, and with flashing eyes and nose eroot, dashes at it. At this instant a shadow seems to flit past Mrs. Rokoby, and as her horse orouohos to ts haunaches, to spring at the green wall, :ome one has already passed her, taken the lap, and is well away into the next field be fore she line herself sanely landed in it. So swift, so indistinguishable in its fleet ness, was the object that swept by her, that fr aught she could tell it was no more than a sudden, heavy gust of wind. Withal she needed not that quivering cry of wonder from the lips of her son, as he came crashing through boughs and leaves after her, to toll her that she had been over: aken, outloeaped, and passed in the hunt by Mark Jarrett's Daisy. Before her, in a bright scarlet habit, fit ting her body without a wrinkle, with a black round-crowned hat, from which stroamed a plume of black cook's feathers, itting her stood as if she wore a part of its orm, she saw her young rival following the hounds, and so close as to endanger them, yet so well up as to give her the load of the vholo field. It might have been fancy, but Mrs. .okoby thought she hoard a taunting cry from her lips to follow hor-a cry which, woot though it was, as the tone of a silver lute, stung her to the quick, and made her esolve to imperil her life, by facing the most terrific danger which might spring up n her path, rather than suffer this childish girl to snatch from her the triumph of the day. What, however, somewhat surprised her was that the horse which she had purchased witlihthe object of achieving her victory- upon which she was now seated-and which had borneo her so excellently well, pricked up its ears at the sound of that sweet young voico, uttered k quivering whinnying in re sponeo, and increasing its speood, followed in the track of the horse on which she was mounted in far. too spaniel-like a style to loaseo Mrs. Rokoby. Yet Silvershado, who bore the Daisy, pro oeeded at so swift apaooe as to compel Elfrite o gallop onat hisbest, and as the "going" was very severe, Mrs. Rokoby know that the gallant animal beneath her needed no urg ng with the whip. The going was indood of: such a rattling kind that Wilfred found himself playing the part of groom,to his mother, although he urged his horse by Voioo and whip. .Bohind him oame Squire Chute, the Hen. Joskyn Jarvis,; Jaok Shelley, Lord Ger maino, Sir Wellineton Braham, and a fewi othors, 'all shouting . approvingly to the hounds, and pointing to Mark Jarrett's )Daisy. "By Jupitor I " oried Lord Germaino, ex citodly, "she leads on like Diana herself, and she is on the best jumper hero to-day." "You'd like to be her Endymion, oh l " roared jolly Jack Shelley, with a guffa? . "HaI ha I" grinned Squire Chute, ear oastically. "Attend to your work, Master; Jack; thoro's a beauty for'you to take." And he pointed to four stiff rails in the corner of a field, to which they wore all making. " Whre does Mark Jarrott pick up the flyers he mnounts that girl upon,?." cried Sir Wellington Braliam, gazing at the young, slight form in scarlet flying on before* him. " By Jove l she is going along like a streak of greased lightning, as our transatlantic cousins say." "Like a sunbeam," muttered the Earl of Marston, gazing eagerly after her. "Let Mark Jarrett match my Crasher, if he can. Ask Bolvoir what he thinks of him? Besides, look at this-yahoop I " Thus chimed in Squire Chuto, oothusian tically, going straight for the "timber Jump." With a loud cheer to his stood, he lifted him at the right moment, and over he went like a bird. "Bolvoirl Who spoke of. Belvoir? Whore is Bolvoir? Lot "me see him " "h6eted some one, galloping up frantically in the roar. . Passing all before him, 'ho wont dash at theo timbor-fonoo too; but there was instantly a dreadful'craoh. Horse and 'rider wore down, and rolling over. "Hoigh I hoigh I hoigh I " yelled voice after voice, as successively the huntsmon, making for the same 'formidable barrier, leaped it with various suocoss. "Who was that down?" oriod Squire Ohute, having hoard the 'orash, but not troubling himself to look behind, 4 "I think it was Rokoby," oxolaimoedLord Geormaine, setting his lips together, for he saw a declivity before him. "The pace is too good to stop and ask questions." " IRokoby's down and badly hurt," oriod jolly Jack Bholley, keoping on as if nothing of any importance had coourrod. The Earl of Mareton, howevor, pulled up, and''rodo baolk. Ho found Mr, Rokoby lying insensible, as if dead. Ho dismounted, find dirawing his sensoless form out of the way of harm, he galloped off in search of a doctor, whom he know to be in the " ruck " behind. The earl was singular in his coneideration, for, at that killing pace, who but he would havo thought of pulling up to inquire what had happened to one who had boon landed oh his back? It might be a collar-bono, or a log, or a nook that was broken or die. located; but that was tho businese of the wight who had booeen pitched nooeck and crop over the fonoo he ought to have gone over on his horse. Suddenly the whipper-in shoute, makes violent geoatures, and deliveors himself of profaneo words which would have paralyzed a saint. " Who the dovil is that?" yelled Squire Chute, in a rage, observing a man in the distance riding at the fox, and turning it in a different direootion to that he was taking. If I had a gun here I'd shoot him." "I know him I " roared the hunteman, sending wicked words through his tooth crushing as if they were broken glees. " It is Abol Stoke, a forest-keeper of Mark Jar rott's. I'll give him one when I catch him." "The fox is making for ]Iazolbrookr I" cried Lord Germaino, at the top of hie voice. "That scoundrol has turned him rom as pretty a run as we could have prayed for." " Thoro's plenty of water in the Hazel I " exclaimed Sir Wellington Braham. "I lon't caro, I have as good a water-jumpor so there is in Chrietondom." "Ya doit! " shrilcks the squireo, shrilly. " Good dogs I Merlin, Lucifer, Dido I Yooi I Soe how they take then water." "Ay," followed Jack Shelloy, with a screech of approbation. "Sco, there goes the Daisy at it as if it were a narrow bit of tape." - "By heaven, Mre. Rokoby is racing her to it I They will clear it together, or both be in it together." "And. boe drowned if they are," said Lord Gormaine, anxiously. " Gentlemen, gentlemen, what are we about to lot yonder brace of women take the lead and keep it?" exclaimed Sir Wel lington'Braham, in a voice of solf-condem nation. , Why, not half so well mounted, that's the ' about,"' grumbled old Jack Holyonk, giving his horse a refresher with his whip that made him spring a dozen yards. Those who heard him and witnessed his not followed his example, and with a tro mendous clatter and speed, this little group of horsemen wont down to the brook, which, swollen and turbulent, was rushing between its banks nearly level with them. But they did not overtake Mark Jarrott's Daisy, nor Mrs. Rokoby, nor oven Wilfred, who was making desperate efforts to pass the latter, that he might ride side-by-side with the former, whom now he believed to be the most beautiful creature the world over saw. IIrAPTER XIV. It was a long swoop of grass-land loading down to the broad brook-an equally broad stretch up a gradual ascent on the opposite side. Over the tall hedge Mark Jarrott's Daisy, apparently-Heaven knows, only apparently -as serene as if she were reclining in a gondola gliding along the placid surface of a Venetian canal, engrossed by thoughts of the sweetest and most blissful nature, leaped, and proceeded on her way. Not twenty foot below her Mrs. Rokoby took the leap-bravely and brilliantly too and was not a dozen yards behind her when the hounds took the water, and Daisy wont after them straight at the brook, as if it did not present an obstacle worth a consideration to her pursuit of the pack. And now it seemed that there was length enough and breadth enough to try, not only the mottle of the two steeds, but the skill and daring of the two' riders, and Mrs. Rokoby steadied her horso, put him,straight for the brook, believing not only that she would take it in the stride of her horse, but that she should laud first on the opposite bank, take the load, and keeoop it till she had fairly won the distinction which, with a kind of anxious siokuness of the heart, she coveted. She found, to her mbrtification, that her horseo, lfrito, would boar towards Mark Jarrott's Daisy, that it lessened the distance of the parallel line between them, until, despite the awful paceo at which they were going, it seemed as if they would leap the brook at the same moment looked together. Mrs. Rokoby began to discover, too, as Abol Stoke had told her, that Elfrite had a will'of his own, and as her blood was rising rapidly, and she was growingdangorousely ex cited, she thought of her whip, which she gripped firmly, and the sharp, fierce'blow it would be necessary presently to give him betweeoon the oars. 'Then she' hoard a voice in the roar calling to her, in stontoriain tonea "' Roin in, rein in I . Hold hard, for heaven's sake, mother I The brook is swollen-you can't cloar it I ' You will be drownodil Hold hard both, in the'name of heaven I " She know that it was the voieoo of her son, Willy, calling so entreatingly to her; but she glanced at the fair young face, which was now plainly visible to her. She noted the brilliant, lustrous eyes gleaming, it seemed with joyous excitement, and she saw the proud curl of her tiny haughty lips. She hooded not the volce of her son more than if it had been the sigh of a faint brooze.' Sho responded by a touch of the rein, and a loud, ringing ohoor to her horse, woman's voice though it was that uttored it. Her horse lshot up his ears and snorted, bounded forward almost like an arrow from a bow, and placed himself nook and: nook with Silvorshado. But at that moment there came a cry like that of a wounded bird from the lips of the Daisy, and her horse shot forward, too. The pair were on the. very verge of the brook, and together they cleared it like a couple of swallows. B;oth hoard a lusty roar behind them. Was it a shout of astounded admiration? Was it 'booause some loss skillful or worse mounted than they had come to grief in the brook ? They neither looked back; but straight at the fox, and at the hounds who were on the trail, and making that music which cannot be surpassed in the oar of a true sportsman. Mrs. Rokoby know that no harm lihad come to Willy, for she hoard his horse's hoofs clattering behind her. That was enough to think about him, for she know the pace at which the latter part at least of the hunt had boon carried on was far too severe to last long, and that she had yet to snatch from Mark Jarrett's Daisy the triumph which she had hitherto secured. Over another tall hedge, freshly lapped with wiry young blackthorn shoots, stares them in the face. One of the two knows there is a wide ditch on the other side, and the other has a strong impression that such is the case. The Daisy uses both hands to the reins, and flies over it like a bird, closely followed by Elfrito with Mrs. Rokoby; but second- always second. A emiloe-a pleased smile-breaks over Daisy's face. Mrs. Rokoby soos it, and is stung by it; but she misinterprets it, for Daisy's quick eyes have discovered that the hounds have boon cheooked-no doubt be cause shoop have boon grazing in the field and she hopes that the run has come to an end without danger to Mrs. Roloby. But, hark ! what cry is that ? A country man, who knows what he is about, is hark ing on the dogs to a point where the fox for the moment has run to cover. He has dox torously unearthed hin, and the hounds are in full cry after him again. With a troubled expression on her sweet faco, Daisy renews the pursuit, having searcely reined in, and Mrs. Rokoby is again at her elbow, having waved her hand im patiently in reply to some very earnest adju rations from Wilfred, who for the moment has caught her up, but only to be loft be hind again. The form of the country had now abruptly changed, and the hounds wore fol lowing the fox along a tract of dark heath, which in places rose to an acclivity that pro mised to pump the wind both out of Silver shado and Elfrito, good as they were. Higher and still higher rose the land. The fox made so directly for a point that it was evident he know whore his home lay, and in. which, if he could reach it, he would be safe from inevitable death. And now Daisy raised her whip suddenly high in the air, and lot it deoscoud on the rooking sides of her horse, and she cried loudly and with the voice of a seraph to him. It was almost incomprehensible how, but he increased his pace instanter, and left Elfrito with Mrs. Rokoby some distance boe hind him. Daisy's form stood out against the sky on the ridge iofore Mrs. Rokoby could realiso that she had thus boon distanood; but when she did fully comprehend it, and she saw Daisy waving her hand to her to take a lower, and she supposed, therefore, a much easier path, she uttered a cry of passion, urged her horse desperately forward, and as he did not move quick enough to gratify her impetuous impulse, she turned her whip swiftly, and dealt him half a dozen violent blows in quick suocession between the oars. Lightning could not have boon .quicker than the response the horse made to this treatment. He roared twice or thrice on his hind logs as if he would fling himself over on his back, then bonding his head viciously down, he gripped the bit between his tooth, and wont away maddened and infuriated, wholly and utterly beyond all control. Mrs. Hokoby was gratified as much as she need be by finding herself up to the skirts of the Daisy-at her saddle-bow--past her. Away, onward, past her I A misty vision of some of the pack before her, the wild, agonisod shouts of Wilfred in her ear, the poercing, quivering shriek of Daisy penetrating her brain. But she had the load of Mark Jarreott's Daisy. Then the sense that the horse-frantio, frightened, mad, it seeomed,. with terror--had ran away with her. This was not all I To her horror, at no great distance, she behold three yawning gulfs before her, to fall down either of whioh was certain des truction. She tugged at the reins. Shio lay back with all her weight, pulling with the strength and frenzy of despair, with as much result as if she had boon a child attempting to hold in an affrightod tiger with reins of thread. She was too experienced a rider not to know the full danger of her position, not to comprehend that she was utterly helpless, and that she could be saved only by a mira alo, which would not be exercised, in her favour. She closed her eyes, and breathed a pas sionato supplication for mercy, and one short blessing for her son, Willy. Then came a throng of thoughts, with which Mr. Rokoby was mingled, and then n'othing but a palsying sense that she was borne forward with tremendous speed, unable to diminish it by any effort of her own.' Yet with it she hoard the strangely weird liko cries of Daisy, like the wild chanting of a spirit of the air. They drew nearer and nearer to her, and then, groat heaven I she was upon the chasm I But at the moment a shadow interposed between her and the uttermost brink, and she felt her horse swerve; but he yet madly kept on, although between her and the grassy edge that separated her from the dreadful gulf below there was a phantom, who kept by her side, foot for foot, galloped, raced with her. Indistinctly she percoived a second 'chasm, of larger proportions than the first fearful opening, and between the two there was a narrow, giddy strips of grass-coverdd way, over which only one who had a strong nerve would venture to orawl; but a setond, and she was spinning over it, with the phantom by her side. ' But she was accompanied by 'one. immoe diately behind her, daring, sharing her danger. Her darling son, Willy. Who oleo but heo? Half-a-dozen more moments of horror, with a tremendous depth on either hand, and she was again careering over the heath, loepod a breast hedge into a field beyond, and abruptly her horse came to a standstill -for he wie,boeaten to it. A thundering clatter of horses' hoofs boe hind her, then a pair of strong hands on cirolod her waist, and she was lifted Ito the ground,' gro soni's Whito, white face floated before her dim eyes. She twined her arms about his nook, and murmured e IHoaven is morciful to me, indeed." Her eyes closed, and she lay back motion lose on his breast. Thou he placed her upon the cool grass, as if she wore a child who had dropped into a pleasant slumber. A moment, and he looked up. Thera?o ut Daisy calmly on her stood, waiting for a look from his eyes, for she know that he had watched her saving his mother's life at the imminent risk of her own. liHo could only place both his hands upon his breast, his eyes were suffused with hot tears, and his lips trembled. But heo was wholly unable to utter a word. He tried to force out some expres sion of his illimitable gratitude; but he could not speak-even one little word. A soft, pensive, pleased smile passed, like a gleam of sunshino, over her enchanting face, as she perceived his deep emotion, and. bending down towards him, she mur mured " Mr. ]Rokoby, shall we not say now the obligation is mutual ?"i9 There wore thick tears in his eyes, well ing up from his overcharged heart, and for the moment they blinded him; but when he could soo again she was gone. He could not toll how or whither. But, in her place, galloping like mad, came old Jack Holyook, the whipper-in, who throw himself off his blowing stood as if reckless of life and limb. He was in among thio'dogs, and as he whipped them off, he grabbed the fox with the clutch of a tiger's Jaw, heold him up to view, swearing awfully and savagely at the half-manugled, expiring animal-at the place where the death had boon achieved-at ciroustances-anything he could think of. For, had not at least a dozen of the boest dogs precipitated themselves, in their dos •porate pursuit of the escaping fox, headlong down the deep sand-pits, several being killed, and the rest badly maimed. He kept up such an uproar as, for the moment, distracted Wil's attention, and be. fore he could look again, in anxious search for the vanished Daisy, lhalf-a-dozen boister ous riders came leaping, thundering into the fieold, yelping, shouting, screeching-cheer ing, we believe it is termed-as if they had just been having a tremendous and joyous race among themselves, that they had all reached the gaol first, and therefore all had won. There was Squire Chute, with a throat like a trumpet, giving a whoa-hoop, which deafened every one near who had earn, and was echoed back by the distant lills. '['hero was Sir Wellington Bralam yelling as if some despairing wretch, at least five miles off, was about to commit suicide on sa finger-post, and his warning voice would stay him. There was the Rev. Matthew Lawless, scronming with lusty lungs, as hlie never appealed to the hard-nibbled of hie congregation. There was Lord Germainc at his topmost voice; and there was Jolly Jack Shelly likewise ya ooing and yoi.oioks-ing, and ya-hooping like a demented South Sea islander-as if he had won the brush. There was Captain Foley, also screeching and waving cap and whip as if he had boon appointed a general of division, was about to lead his men into instant action, and had his enemy-" on a bit of broad." There was-but lot us say that rod coats now came swarming into the field, all war whooping, as as without knowingit they wore a strong band of cannibals expressing their eostatio delight at having just arrived in the nick of time to dine off a prisoner, excood ingly fat, juicy, anti, altogether, in excellent condition. As the dogs gave tongue, excited by a similar delirium of joy, for it was iq their mipd to make small work of the fox as a joint, the uproar was something unaarthly. It certainly had the effect of awakening Mrs. Rokeby from her faint, and would have done it easily, if she had been as dead as the great grandfather of Philip of Macedon. Wilfred had raised her from the ground, and encircled her waist with his arm.i She leaned her elbow on her saddle, and with one band she clutohed, rather than rested it, upon her Willy's shoulders, * Pale, even to gheatilineoss, she was yqt con. soious of everything, and as Squire Chute figuratively and expressively, though not with studied elegance, remarked was " game to the backbone.' She, therefore, smiling, rdeoived the congratulation and uproarious--plus upi roarious-cheors at having conquered ,the proud distinction of carrying off the brush. For be it known at the last leap,'nt the very moment the maddened and excited stoed which bore her orouobod, sprang up into the air, making a last effort for the day, Mark Jarrett's Daisy drew rein, and: suffered her to enter the field whore the fox was already ut. turing his death-dry in the fangs of the dogs who had overtaken and seized him, first and alone, albeit that in another second hli was by hlier side, and Was joined a minute after wards by Wilfred, who had reason to thank his lucky stare that his mother had mounted him upon a horse which, like her own, had gallantly maintained its spend throughout the whole of the run, and had two or throe miles more yet left in him. There was to be a large party that .night at Lord Germaineo's, to which the Rokeby's and Gabriollo were invited, of course, and of which Mrs. Rokeby would have shone as the guest of the evening. In spite of ther narrow eseapo from a shooking death, and the fatigue and fright she had undergone, sheo would haveo attended it, hut that at Fairholmo Priors there was had news of MIr. Rokby. VWhen they returned to it, after a wearying ride from the scene of MIre. Rokoby's fanoiod. triumph, they found that AMr. Rokeob was already there, that he had.boen brought from the field ineensible, and tbht, in addition, ha had dislocated his collar-bone, and broken a l It. was some days before hle displayod the elightest sign of returning animation-some wooks before ho became con?oioue, having cal. fared a severe and prolonged attack of die lliluem but at last he was pronounced to be oi ut :ol danger although reduceood to a most e oxhausted condition. I, It was thought a remarkable thing that Iras. Rokeby should throw aside oveory past timbo;overy enjoymont, overy oooupation of a flighty, or oven a light nature, and confining heraolf to his sick room, play the part of a tender, careful, patient, unwoarylin nurse to he r husband, never trying to oairk !lor self. i iiiosed dutiee, or to evado tho olose. confino. nionstof the nictk chamber, or oven complain. ipg of the many exhausting, eleepless nights '?:'held watolhd by her huebanld' bed whno -" lidas raving, She proved, indeeood, that eole not oonly know 'the responeibilities of a wife, bil' hlr true dutieos and that she could and did iulfil them. G abriollo, in the alliioo and gloom wholi every?yhere provailled hbout the establishamont, ?cnfined heraolf' apparontly, to ser own auito of apartments; but, withal, twice or thrioo hoe held clandestine meetings with Colonel Waldron, and what transpired at them wasee known alone to themselves. Twice during the melancholy interregnum she had met the Earl of Marston, end the last time, noting with consummate art, she brought him back to the point of his allegiance whence e hnod diverged after the sudden apparition of Mark Jarrett's Daisy. She fancied-how intensely sieo supplicated that it might- another inter. view would induce him to propose. She de termined to accept him, despite the horri'ble iicret confided to her by Waldron, and which was praying upon her heart as if it wore a corroding poison. To Wilfred-" sweet pet, Willy "-she was softly, droamily-tearfilly she could not be sentimentally gushing; and he responded by seeing her as seldom as he possibly could. Mr. Rlokeby, to the satisfaction of all, re covered his senses, though in a curious abrupt way, and was pronounced to be in a fair way to recover his health; so something like life began to reanimate Fairholme Priors once more. During the dangerous illness of his father, Wil had, of course, boon gravely and sorrow fully impressed by his peril; but that solici. tuds had been divided by his longing to obh. tain half an hour's conversation with the Wild Fllower of Hoaelbrook. lo yearned to pour out his thanks for. the grand intropidity, divested of all thoughts of self, which urged her, at the most tremendous risk to her own life-for one slip of Silver shado's foot would have hurled her to inevit able death-to rescue his mother from an equally horrible fate. Ile wanted to say to her-ho conld not frame what-but his heart would guide him. lie wanted to see her-to talk with her-to take her hand in his--to- 0, how he tossed his olenohed hands in the air, and stamped about the room like a maniac, as obstacle after obstacle sprang up in his mind to interpose between him and his passionate wilh. Yet he resolved to see her, and he devised a ounning plan by whilch he was to pop upon her when she was out for a gallop' alone, as when le first met her-though he looked' for more genisi skyey influences. Even while having a horse saddled with this object, he was thunderstrioken by over hearing a conversation, by which he learned that Mark Jerrett had seuddenly sold Isis stud, closed his stables, shut up the Grange, and journeyed no mean know whither. Faint and stunned by this information, he flung a dozen incoherent impetuous questions at Tib, who answered them in a lump by say ing " I've heard, too, ol' Jarr't he gone away to Lunnon, sir; an'carried there the sunbeam o' the county-the Wild Flower o' Hazel lBrook, Mark Jarr't's Daisy." A slight groan forced itself from Will's lips. "Earl o' Maroton gone on 'bout it badly. Says it bhin't no place for likes o' her. Says sho's eartain to come to grief there, though she never 'ood hero," pursued Tib, ruefully. " Lord, what a lovely pictor she was; I know two or three been tryin' to find out what's come of her--hut they can't." "I will," muttered Wilfred, grinding his tooth together, and' knitting his brows, (2t be contlueitod.) 