DR. CITMMING'S RETROSPETCT IN I JLIGHIT OF PROPHEOY, A DIBOOU!gw, w? dl)i yered all be Soottis National Ohurch, Orowlpoort, ??e.)il. treeot, Covent.ardon, lnst night, by. Pr, Oumming, untitled "A retrospect in the Light of Propheoy." T'he Rov. doctor qhosoe for a text verses' tl 24t1h chaptor of Matthew nod the Iet of Luko, pro. dJoting great distre? ip the land, wars Ietweon alotions tn has in theo sun, in the monn, nnd th ars, whiphio?ere to herald Christ's oi g, and, quoted from the daily press grant ldigili to prove that these prod' ons worobecoom*. ing hiatorilal facts, a said ito didanot hollnvo this world wos 'er to como to an end. 'What wn meant y the end of the voyrld was the fliri tg upr of tho iago ,ot p dgppeis ion the world n to he rFlee$ Iii fOpippTýtlluri, nuuomenlo d in beaonuty a d fertilell, ptl j bcoomeo the loveliest element In the universe, without pro out, and withnout prahllol in the hiiso of the worlds that aoi htio mjode lltd, iorofore, to .suppose l t p Fn Ito opalhiihted nen ubsal? ppd joi'nleaeihy epop.pI, It was not given to hpoe(h i o 4ap aned hour of oChrist' pmtl, biut,we Ialgtl judgis Hiepreiiam naonrnoss or remote. arop, Ofriet Is s down a eeriea of :ignificant phenomena which are to precede His coming, some of whiob indicate the nearness of the day and hour when He will come with power and great glory. About twenty years ago he (the doctor) stated that the times mentioned by Daniel, and also in the Apocalypse, so far as he could see the solution of a sub ject confessedly difficult, would expire in the year 1868, and that those who lived to that year, would see, perhaps, these phenomena all upon a scale, and with a splendour, a majesty, and subl;mity unpreccdnted. Some of his hearers said he was rash, whilst others whom be had conversed with since had admitted.that he was right. Ho had predicted that by 1868 the Papal apostaey should be broken \--tbat the kings of Europe who for a thousand years had supported the Pope and been his champions and apologists, instead of assisting, encouraging, and defending him, would, in the language of the Apocalypse, oat and drink as with fire, and the whole states of the kings of Europe would be revolutionised. lu1868 -the very year-the Pope summoned an (Ecumenical Couoncil, ind the question. was put to him why he had not included in the invitation to the council the crowned heads of Europe, who were always at previous councils. The anoswer of the Pope was that the middle age of Europe had gone, and lie bad not a single crowned head who was then his friend whom he dare invite to be present at the (Ecumenical Council. It was decided at that Council that the Pope was infallible, a thing never before impersoated in a single individual, and in the words of Archbisbop Manning, " What the Pope speaks upon dogmas, poltics, ethics, morals, upon doctrines, lie is as true as God Almichty could claim to be," and hence the Tablet hal the following words: -" The Churoh that dares to assert that the Pontiff is infallible is either speaking by the inspiration of the Devil, or it is the very mouthpiece of the Holy Ghost;" in other words, we must either accept that Church as the inepiration of the Devil or the mouthpiece of the Holy Ghost, What next took place? It was strange, but nevertheless true, that if the Pope blessed anybody, suhob a person was sure to come to grief, whereas if he cursed any. body he was sure to prosper. The Era. peror of Austria, for instance, warred against Prussia and befor he he sot out Ihe and leis army were especially blessed by the Pope, the blessing resulied in Sudowa The Queen of Spain received the golden rose, and the Pope's special blessing ; but eearcely had the blessing settled upon her head than she was fugitive from her coon. try. Mlzxitilian received the blo'sing of the Pope, and was murdered. The Ppe cursed Victor Emmauuel in the most terrific terms-in terms which even uneducated people would stignatiso as course invective. What followed the curse? Victor Emmanuel is now King of Italyl His son is King of Spain, and his daughter is Queen of Portugal. All thre/weroe ursed by the Pope, and all throo/are among the most eouviable Sovoreigns in Europe. Wherever the Pope's blessing fell there thorns and briars seemed to spring up. Had any of the prodiotions rcoorded received that fulfilmuot which would justify them in believinig that proplooy was oeasing to be prodiotion, and was being translated into living. and actual, history? Ilo main. tained they had. Takeo for instance, another one in theo 24th Matthbow-'' To Gospel shall be preaceod in all tbo world for a witness, nod then shall the ond of the ngo be." Had the Gospel boon proiohed to overy one? The Bible had been translated into every tonguo; micsionaries hbd pronohed it intho Aretli eoes; in faot, from.tho pine forests of tihe norrtl to the palm groves'of tbo eonast th glorious gospoel in the tongue of overy copleo had boon proclaimed. It was not :o convert every nation, but to be proeached to overy nation " for a witness." Then wo find that there woro to be astronomi cal changes. . Tiroedistrose of nations, the sons and the waves roaring, earthlqunaos in divers places, pestilenoon, and plagues, and famineos; and they had only to rend English and foreign newspapers to find how these predioltions are boing fulfilloed -in tile fimlone of Porsia, tbo floids at Shanghao, the fliro at Obloago, &e;, Nations were to riso against nations, and thore wore to be wars and rumours of ware,'nnd h neeood not say that in 1871 the most terrible war had been waeod thait had boon waged, perhaps, for 200 yeors, Thoy had had the Orimaon war, the Indian war, tho Italian. war, the Prusaltonand Austrian war, and the olu. dors of this last war had only begun to cool when, the Emperor Napoleon em. harked in the terrible war he had alluded to and now we saw overy nation arming to'tie tooth, and. if tihat did not aool| likeo war nothing did, Look east, look west, it was rumours of ware, nations ris ing up npaiust nations, and thio ompotid torship of oapitallsts and Icings was who should forgeo the larcget guns, who should oeast thoionavioat bolts and who should be mst ~prepared for war. 'Thou theore ad also been oearthquakes at Tliibot, at Chirn, at Mloxioo, at Jipan, at Groooo, at Italy, yh t auth Amerion, and aooording to one ,rijor thorp had Ihppn twonty-.vo disna. trqus.oarthqualces ip the year 3870, !plo reook word einoc? m n moant moral roervli tion as well as the motion of the oarth, and Dean Alford said, whilt we aooopt it (in theo lihptor lie had road) in its literal and inatorial seClso, we must intorprot'it na 'ltyipg .a moral, uooial, and pdlitloal mohninpg J and, toiklng It In ltp oppoj|d)iry and last ponse, Jqropo had bp?p fpllt il tromendous ohlinpeo and rovoltlliopr' The Rov. gentlemen having quoted Amorlonn popers as to meteonrologliol and astronomioal dhianpoo and phenomona, aoneauded brv 'Invlting all present .to proparotn'o' t Iroir thlir 3iod,-.Standard,' 