GENERAL NEWS. With respect to the first of the antique Bibles that have recently been noticed in our colamns Mr. Waddy finds that it gives the date of its publication and names of the printers as follows:—"London. Printed by BonhamNorton and John Hill, printers to the King's Most Ex cellent Majestie, anno dom. 1630." On Monday, a little past noon, a beautiful meteor was observed from near the old Reservoir. It seemed to explode with a dazzling flash in the clear blue sky, leaving a long column of smoke, which was visible for ten minutes. It was in a westerly direction. There were one or two fleecy clouds in nearly the same quarter. We presume this was the same meteor as that witnessed at Port Ade- laide. The Carandinis gave a very successful concert at Port Adelaide on Monday night. There was a large and appreciative audience, and applause was-liberally bete wedupon the performers, who.gave several of their most, ad mired selections. .Photographs of the Carandini family were presented to the occupants of first and second-class seats, • and a very general wish was expressed that the company would perform again at Port Adelaide before leaving the colony. This' evening they will give another concert at Glenelg., It will be remembered, that about a month ago. a sailor named Abernethy put off from Mo on fa Bay in a small boat for the wreck, of the Black Diamond."' Up to the present time his fate has been a mystery, although the police have made search along the shores of the Peninsula, and a boat has'been at sea search ing for marly a fortnight. But now from information, received by the police autho rities in Adelaide, there can be little doubt' that the seaman has fallen a victim to the .waves. - It seems that Mr.-Charles Pleiness found the boat bottom upwards on the 3?d of. August, about a mile from Cape Elizibeth, with! nothing in 'it.' He has since taken.it to "Wallatoo and handed it over to the Receiver of Wrecks. . Messrs. Elder, Smith, & . Co. have kindly shown us a.telegram similar in effect, to the above. Some excitement was caused in the Supreme Com t on Tuesday morning by the conduct of an old woman; who r.ushed up to the presiding Judge J[3ir R. D. -Hanson) and threw a letter towards him, which she re quested he would read. She was .proceeding Btill closer towards. His .Honor's seat, when an active and ready constable drew tier back, she the while loudly demanding that His Honor would re ad. the letter. The Judge having read it, said it related to a matter with which he had nothing to do, and the lady was imme diately directed to the nearest door. It appears, that her name is Eliza Mullett. and that she. had been-liv'ng with a man at Teatree Gully who a short lime since died intestate, having no relations in the colony. The Curator of Intes tate Estates took charge of the property, and the old lady • not- receiving any satisfaction from that official, thought she would apply to His Honor the Chief Justice. , 1 ; An amateur, concert in. aid of the" Cathedral' wall fund will take place this evening at St. Xavier's Hall. " The Evergreen" continues to attract a large number of visitors, who express "them selves highly delighted with' Mr; Dry's unique work of art. ... V : • : 1 A meeting of the Philosophical Society will be held, this evening, when Dr. Paterson w'.ll. read a paper " On the Early History of/ Vaccination.'! . > " ' . r> We learn from the local journal that Patrick Dalton, who-was a' wdefc or two ago severely injured by a loaded; truck on. the Wal laroo and. Kadina Tramway passing over "one of: his legs, has died in the Wallaroo"Hospital from exhaustion following amputation. i The specimens brought 'here : by Mr. Holtermaun from the Tambaroora Gold Mines can now be seen at the Clarence Hotel, King William-street, where they have been taken; for; the convenience of those who have not already had an-opportuni'y of inspecting them. On Monday afternoon a meeting was held at the Globe Hotel to arrange for a steeple chase meeting to come off in' connection with, the Adelaide Hunt Club at the 'close of the hunting season. After: some discussion the meeting was adjourned to Saturday next at the same place, at 7 p.m. ... .His Excellency the Governor, on Mon day, received "information from Tasmania that the Ministry have again been" beaten—this time on the motion for rescinding the former no confidence vote. The Parliament has in conse quence been dissolved, but Mr. Wilson, the Premier, will retain, office during thi disso lution. ; - This evening, as announced, in another, column, there "will be, at the Town Hall Ex-, change Rcorn, an entertainment, of which the principal feature will be a lecture by the Rev;: | Si Green, on " American Wit and Humor." The programme will also include a number of I admirable selections of music, vocal and instru mental, under the conductorship of Mr. George Oughten. Spite of the extra meet on Tuesday, which the Club owe to a public holiday, preceded, on the Saturday by the capital steeplechase spin with a paok of hounds in front; the Master had them out again last Saturday afternoon. The rain, which came down with a will soon afternoon, augured badly for results, but the weather oleared again, and left a pleasant warm day to finish up with. The fixture was 2. p.m., at the Glynde, and after time.had been allowed for the latest arrivals to put in ah appearance,, the Master and the pack, attended by the whips, trotted off in the direction of Campbelltowri and Paradise, aoross the river by ' the' bridge, and up the main road into a large paddock of Mr. MoLeod's, on the right. The hounds were laid on at the lower end, and hitting it' off, led up the slope, ; crossing . the road, with a couple of fences, and carrying.it up a stiff asoent, came round on a wheel, and recrossed the road back into the first field ; thence they held it up the rising ground to wards the hills, and crossed beyond Highbury Barn, getting into some sandy and scrubby country. Still holding it up the rise, they ran i it to the right aoross the Anstey's Hill line ; and thence baok again into the enclosures on the track towards Teatree Gully, where they threw up. The going was naturally very severe, being uphill all the journey, and a great deal of it-heavy a&vd;, while the earlier parts of the ran were so punished by the- wet,; that the best! horses-might be excused if-not. taking kindly j to their work. The c un try traversed was Messrs. McLeod's, Earndell's, Wood's, Gridley's, Sach's, Lambkin's, Klopper's, and Dordoy's, A p„ublic meeting, in aid of tlio Wes Ieyan HomeMissioa and Contingent Fund was held in the Lecture Had, Pirie-street, '■ on Monday evening, August 12. There was a fair' attendance;' -Mr. James Scott occupied-the chair, and, after devotional exercises, said" he was happy to.find that the fund had continued to grow in the esteem of the members of their Church and congregations, and that by their generousj contributions the income for the year that had just closed was considerably in advance of all former -years; and_he ventured the hope that the growing need "of its aid would be considered by their friends, and that the amount wo.uld be still larger next year, - and increase with every year of its history till it reached a sum sufficient to overtake the im portant objects which it embraced. With the1 character and aims of this institution they were already familiar. Its name-clearly stated the position which it occupied in their economy. And it was certain that its existence! was indis pensable to the maintenance of the constitution I of their Church in-its- entirety, and without'its ' help their fextension in the land would be pain fully alow, if not impracticable.1 Mr. P. T. Scott (Hon. Secretary) then read the report, the adoption of. which was moved'by the Rev. Hans Mack, and seconded by Mr. G. W. Cotton, in interesting speeches; The motion having been carried, the Rev. W. L. Rinks, Chairman .of the District, delivered an able address, in which; he gavean accountof mission workinthe colony. He mentioned that the Church was in a peculiar position just now. In sending ministers to the residents on the agricultural areas expense was occasioned, and, at thelsame-time, by the re moval of the people from other parts of the colony, old established circuits had been so weakened ■ that some of them would require assistance. In consequence of the difficulty , of getting the persons who had gone out on to the areas into classes, be should not", he said, be at all surprised if the returns this year showed a falling off in the number of their Church members. A vote of thanks to the Chairman, proposed by the Rev. T. James, - with the doxology and benediction, brought the meeting to. a close; . The proceeds of i the' collection at this meeting and of the collections at the Sun day services amounted to about £20. The anniversary services of the Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street, were held on Sunday. The Rev. O. Lake preached in the | morning and Mrs. Lake; in the afternoon. In consequence of the absence of the Rev. J. L. Parsons, through illness, Mrs. Lakepieached j again at night.' On Monday evening the service's were continued by tea and public meetings, hoth of which were well attended. Mr. SI J. Way, Q.O., was Caairman at the public meeting. In" commencing the proceedings,'he sta'edithat when the Church .was opened'there was a'debtof between £2,000 and£3,000.uponit, . which had been reduced to something less, than £600, upon which was: charged interest at 5 per cent. He pointed out that, the chapel needed' some alteration and an entire renova tion, which could not be done without considerably adding to the debt; and he urged that a sufficient ' sum should be. col lected - for these ; purposes. 'The'" financial Secretary (Mr. Blatchford) read .the. balance sheet,. from which it appeared that" there; was-a credit balance r of£32 16s. 10d. on: the financial account of the year. The Rev! Mr. Allen, after referring to Lis early expe-' riences of the colony, said he did not-see what advantage the Christian Church had gained in" spiritual life; it was not-up to the mark, and" he had a deep convictiou that the Church of the day was not where it ought to be. - It could; boast, of numbers, and better" chapels and posi tion in society, but he failed to see that it had. gained'-, the sovereign, power.ofthe Holy Ghost.' He should.like to stir up the hearts of all Chris tians' present, and he referred, as-a powerful means of good, to.class meetings, and said these should not be neglected. , He held that, every Christian in this world had a mission to per-" form, and that mission was to-bring souls'to" Christ, and this should be performed in such a manner as to ensure success ; that there had been tno muoh conventionalism amongst them," and that their ways were too stereotyped. Dr.-Campbell made some excellent remarks j on the subject " Has the Gospel lost its Power." The Rey.,Mr. Way then addressed the meeting, making a few pithy remarks. jAfterthe Rev, O. -Lake had. appealed; to the generosity of the audience, colleotiona. and subscriptions -.were made. andra considerable amount of money was raised in a:few minutes. . The total-proceeds of the services amounted to about £50,- , The'sub scriptions for the repair of the church ..realised upwards of £Llo. Hearty votes of thanks were accorded to the Chairman rand the persons who had assisted, including the choir. The meeting closed in the .ordinary .manner.. " The Argvk gives'the following account of the performances,, both in and .out of prisph, of the convict" wW recently "attempted, to m!ur der the Inspecfcor of Victorian Penal Establish ments The convict Weechurch, who ion Sunday last at Pentridge, Stockade stabbed Mr. Duncan, Inspector of Penal Establishments, has spent a- considerable- portion of his life in: gaol," aud a review of the sentences whichi he has served shows .that his recent violence is on a par with his previous behavior. Oh the 17th of April, 1866, he was.,sentenced to, four years' imprisonment; for burglary, .aud.* twoyears* cumulative, for. another' offence' of the - Bame nature at Ballarat, six years iu all, so that, ha should have been discharged on the 17th; of April last (1872), hut in the meantime his behavior was such that sentences were inflicted by-the visiting Justice, amounting to s'x years two months and 21 days cumulative on the original, sentence, which he thus succeeded: in doubling. He would'riot therefore have been discharged, even if he had kept quiet,, until the 8th of June, 1878j but, as he has now stabbed Mr. Duncan, he will have to suffer, still, further detention. The following are a few of. the; of fences for which his term has been added to I sirica his incarceration in. 1866 Damaging cell, three months in irons; assaulting warder, two months', solitary; attempting to abscond, four months' hard labor; second time:do., four months' hard labor; destroying property, Bix months in irons'; second time do., three months in irons ; destroying cell, two months'solitary same offence, one month's hard labor; attempt ing to abscond, four months in irons; fighting, three months' bard labor; assaulting warder, six weeks' hard labor ; burning Inspector General's quarters, nine months in irons; dis orderly conduct, two months in irons. There' are many other sentences, but the list is too long to give. "Weechurch is a native of Not tingham, and a shoemaker by calling. In 1850! he was transported to Van Diemen's Land (Tas mania) under the name of John Taylor, sen tenced to stvsn years' imprisonment, and it is supposed, that he must have been flogged. In 1865 he was sentenced as 'John Hallam* to six mbnthB' incar'ceration for being illegally on pre mises ; previously, in 1862, he received three years' imprisonment for burgl iry and stealing, and during that period wa3 sentenced to five months' imprisonment, in irons, for two of fences, one being an assault on a warder. For attempting to escape during the same period he. was sentenced to four months in irons. Wee church considers that the sentences for miscon duct,. instead of being cumulative on, should have been concurrent with, his original sen tence ; and apparently it was this opinion as to. his punishment'for rebellion against discipline" for which he sought to obtain Mr. Duffy's sym pathy, Probably, as. imprisonment—simple, solitary, or with irons—has had no good effect upon him, nothing short of an application of the lash will suffice to keep him from seriously: injuring or killing a warder or two." An Irish gentleman, visiting some friends in the North, was received with so much hospi tality, and drank so very hard, that he departed in a shorter time than was expected, and when asked the reason, gravely said that he liked them so much, and ate and drank so incessantly; that he was sure, if he lived there a month longer, he should die in a fortnight, 