NEWS AND NOTES. Last night, upon the motion of Mr O’Shanassy, the Legislative Council agreed to defer the second reading of the Education Bill till that day fortnight, and to consider the verbal amendments recommended by the Governor in the Loan Bill, oh this evening. . .Winter revisited usten Tuesday, and.'after the.torrid heat of Monday forenoon was all the more Victorian in its violent contrast. A .few light showers with a westerly and south-westerly wind were the features of the day. It will he seen by our London telegram that the weather - in -Europe is of a very stormy character, and' attended with inundations. We regret having to announce the death of an old Ballarat Pioneer, Mr Patrick Edward M'Canu, late host of the Eglinton hotel, Market street. He suc cumbed at an early hour on Tuesday, and '■ many-ei pressions of regret at his demise were heard during the day. Mr M'Cann (more familiarly known as “ the captain ”) was one of the. .original shareholders in the Great Republic Company, and was at one time pos sessed of considerable means. He was born in Wex ford, and passed the earlier portion of his manhood as •master of a trading vessel, 'Mr James. .Coghlan (Magill and Coghlan), as we understand, being his chief officer. Capt. M’Cann was an experienced seaman, and as such had the usual certificate exempting'him'-from the obligation to employ a pilot on entering .Port Phillip. In all relations of life he was highly esteemed, and leaves a young wife with alarge family. His funeral will take place on Thursday. - There is a vacancy in the Eastern Council.. His worship the mayor received the following letter ion Tuesday:—“ Ravenswood, .11th October.—-Dear Sir’ Inconsequence of my absence from .Ballarat, and the uncertainty of'my returning in .time to retain my seat, I beg to resign iny position as councillor for the town of Ballarat East. With kind regards to brother councillors, I am, dear sir,- yours .respectfully—W. C. Ives.” This letter was not brought before the ad-: journed meeting of the.council on Tuesday night, but the mayor has informed us that he will this day take the necessary steps for .filling up the extraordinary vacancy’thus created. - The' names of Mtesrs Curtis, Eastwood, and Glenny have already been mentioned as probable candidates for-.the office. ;: : |; : A sharp and salutary lesson was administered in the City Police-court .on Tuesday to a .man named: Cornelius Honau who, being a witness in an inter pleader casein which the swearing was rather hard to say the least of it, was found listening at the door of the courthouse after all witnesses, save the one under examination, had been ordered out. The police magistrate told Honan he had been guilty of a gross contempt of court, and fined him 40s, with 48 hours’ imprisonment in default. Honan, who said, “ Sure I! was only restin’meself agin the door,” had no loose change about him, and is now “restin’’ himself in; her Majesty’s gaol. ' The Mr Pyke who committed suicideon Tuesday at the . Retreat hotel, Brighton, by cutting his throat, wo hear from private information had inherited a hand-, some fortune, and had spent it in sporting adventures. This is' said to have been the cause b£ his Unhappy end. There was a considerable amount of talking but very little, betting in Ballarat, on rTuesday, in connection with the Melbourne Cup and the -Derby. In Imo or three instances Dagworth was taken at 7 to 4, and . theie was literally nothing done about any- other horse in the race.- King of the' Ring is coming into, high favor, and Has been backed level against Loup Garou. There was some excitement over “The Brunswick Soiree,” which was drawn without the least approach to a hitch, Dagworth falling into.the hands of a young' knight of the cleaver, who has pbteined'soine notoriety by the manner in which he recently used his “fives.” -At the' current rate- of odds the draw is worth a; trifle over, £BO. .The weights for the Hotham Handicap, the Hurdle Race, the Four year-old Handicap, and the Steeplechase will be found in another column. Tuesday evening’s Express says;— “The galloping at Flemington this morning showed a general attention- to''training duty,-but although a great many horses were out, nothing. was done that calls for special remark. Dagworth and Horatio went a'useftil turn on the tan, and- the* crack’s going this morning was more satisfactory to his backers than those of previous days seemed to have been. Barbelle also galloped, and looked remarkably well. At' the mid-day. gathering at. Qoyder’s bar audin lUc borate, the small amount of wagers made scarcely indicated the near approach of the Derby-day. Hone of any im portance*' came under notice,' and "there was no change to record in the prices of yesterday. . Nearly all the betting done was in doubles and trebles, long odds to little money upon far-off chances. Betting: Maribyrnpng Plate.—s to 2 agst Dagmar, 7 to 2 agst My Leah, 5 to Sylvia colt, 8 to 1. agst Lapidist. Derby.—2 to 1. agst Loup Garou, 2 to 1 agst. King of Ring, 10 to 1, agst any other. Melbourne Cup.—2 to 1 agst Dagworth (taken and offered), 7 to 1 agst The Quack (offered), 10. to 1 agst King of the Ring (offered), , 20 to 1 agst The’Ace (offered), 20 to 1 agst Contessa. (offered), 16 to 1 agst Irish King (taken and offered), 25 to.l agst,Kingfisher,'. 25 to 1 agst Shan non, 25 to 1 agst Pyrrhus, 33 to 1 agst Barbelle, 33 to 1 agst The Count, ,25. to-1 agst Benjiroo, 40 to 1 agst Valentiiie'.” 1 • ■.. • ■ of the FisK Accfimatisati’on Society will proceed to Learmonth toAay with three or four hundred, young trout, which are to -be placed in the lake there. A start will be made from Craig’s hotel at one o’clock, and we understand that a break has been engaged to carry out the little strangers,’ which, no doubt, will receive a hearty welcome, as they have been looked for during the last week. The members of the Ballarat Rangers have received a sudden shock by the announcement of the death of Mr Fenton, drill instructor to the No. 3 Corps. The deceased had been in the ~ Imperial army Bince boy hood, upon leaving which'he joined the Volunteer Forcetef this colony, at the time of its formation, and had the reputation of being one of its smartest instruc tors. His ability as.a soldier, and general kindness of disposition had gained the esteem of all -who knew him. The deceased has left a widow and one or two Children to mourn his loss. '’ l •' " Tbe Eastern police, are picking up’ and requiring owners for unconsidered trifles. Just now | they _ have on’hand a green' glass ornament, about a foot in length, supposed to have been a portion of a gasalier. It was taken from a miserable- looking Mon golian, who was in the act of selling it without haying the remotest idea of its value or its use.’ .They have also two pawn, tickets (from, the .office of Mr Craw cour) taken'from' a woman of the town, named Louisa Evans, who is at preserit'in "custody; ■ The adjourned meeting of the Ballarat East Town Council was held on Tuesday evening, when there were present his-Worship the Mayor) Crs Dodds, Rus sell, Josephs,'Scott, Hunt, and Baird. ‘ The report of the mining-inspector .was read, setting. forth that the Black Hill South Company and the Black Hill tri butors were both undermining.. Humffray. street.. It was agreed, after some discussion,' that the council should at once demand a deposit of £5O from each of the companies in-order to provide for any injury they might occasion. We understand'that unless these con ditions be complied with,, the water will immediately be cut off from the companies’ claims, and injunc .tions.will be obtained, to prevent them, from mining underneath the street. The mayor then reported the result of his interview with the town-solicitor, Mr H. Cuthbert, relative to tho salary of the revenue-officer, Nr Elford, and the attachment of the same by .the official-assignee. Mr Cuthbert was' ,at first of opinion that the council.would be quite .safe in paying over the amount to the assignee, but in consequence of a conversation with Mr O’Dee, who had been -recently reading up the subject, he was induced to alter his ' yiew of ,the matter, and. wished a few, days-to look into it for himself. .He, however, thought the council would be safe in paying no one for the present. The council.then considered the question in' .committee, : and no further business was transacted in public. The figures and minute circle of the city clock with the gilded or brass circle' of the. face are’ now in posi tion in the Town-hall tower. „ luride the' tower are,tho broken fragments of the ground glass baok to the dial. In the ship Atrato; which is always putting back to Plymouth,aro other parts of the clock‘and in another' ship, name yet unknown, are other parts.'and it is hoped that some time this: year all the’clock will-nr- : rive. Nobody, however, speaks with any boldness in the matter, and especially since the.perplexing news about theAtrato." ! ,'»'•> --'-••rj/ i r-The art of interviewing is an' American', creation, that of .Resting, .casual- pauperdom, is, English. But another advance has -been made by New York jour-: nalismi-We- see by the Tribune that some doubts existed as to the internal management of the Bloom ingdale Lunatic Asylum, and' a Tribune reporter de termined i to 'kill' two birds with' one : stone. ‘ He re solved to .test the skill - of the,mad doctors and the. secrets of the mad-house; Ho'feigned insanity, was solemnly declared to be, mad by- two . “ eminent doc tors,” and so was sent, to tho asylum, where he spied out the management.‘ of the .wards,, and'made some valuable observations, the utilisation of which was imminent at the date of our latest files. The quarterly meeting of the Ballarat District Sun day- school Union was held on Monday night, in the United Methodist Free Church school-room, Peel street, the Rev. F. L. ‘Wilson (president) in the chair. The committee of the City Mission had requested the union to appoint a superintendent for the {Sunday school in Ballarat ,-Ea3tin:'Connecfcioii with the mis sion. It was resolved that Mr \Whitehead should act for the first three months.'” The; president then read | an interesting paper on Sunday-school libraries, and an ‘animated discussion followed. ' ‘ The quarterly ' installation of the officers of the Daughters of Temperance, Golden Treasure Union, K 9 'division,'took place in the lodge-room, Humffray street, on Monday- evening; when Br Jenkins, as sisted by Br Corbitt,, installed the following sisters in their irespective offices: —Sister M'lntyre, P.S.; Sister M‘Kay, S.N.; , Sister Tolliday,| TANARUS,; Sister Withereton, : F.S.; Sister:Brook, R.S.;Sister Olenhrot, A.R.S.; Sister Proctor, C.; Sister Chamberlain, AC.; Sister M'Dougal, T.G.; Sister Olenhrot, 1 O.G;; Sister Ray, P.P.S.; Sister Gilley, chaplain. Mrs Scott requests us to return her sincere thanks for the following donations:—The St. George and Band of Hope Company,’ per Mr Gray, £3B 12s; the/No. 2 Band and Albion Consols, per Mr Serjeant, £3l 8s; per-Mr Woods, £4, ss; the Winter’s Freehold Com pany, £6 103.. • -■ . A friendly rifle match was fired on Saturday at the Sandridge. butts, : between the Ist Ballarat Rangers and the ’ East Melbourne Artillery. : The conditions p?ere_eight men aside and seven shots each at 200,500,- and 600 yards. The shooting, with a~few’exceptions, was not very brilliant, and. the East Melbourne men, with a total of 367,' carried the day with a majority of 18 points, against 349 scored by the Ballarat team. Though strong, .however, they were merciful, and treated their visitors right, royally, not only minis tering. to their, creature comforts on the range, but afterwards inviting them, to a banquet in town, where the usual loyal and patriotic toasts were, drunk, and the civil things said which riflemen usually indulge in onlthese occasions. During the' evening. a :hand some piece of plate was presented by Sergeant Crisp in a neat and appropriate speech to the highest scorer in the match—Private Walters, of Ballarat, and the lowest scorer—also a Ballarat man—-had his lacerated feelings ■ consoled with the now customary wooden spoon. The whole affair passed off in this pleasantest manner possible, the Ballarat men being highly de lighted with their hearty reception by their friendly enemies. The following are the names of the com petitors:—East Melbourne Artillery—Gunner Brown, Captain King, Gunner Myles, Lieutenant . Wardill, Sergeant Ducros, Gunner Selby, Gunner Glover, Ser geant Hart. Ist Ballarat Rangers—Private Walters, Lieutenant-Colonel Rede, Sergeant Mann, Lieutenant Kildahl, Corporal Brown, Private Kaye, Priyate Scott, Private Purdy. The.- sale of gifts. in the Dana street School-house was continued last night. At the time Of oiir visit the attendance was not large, but a quie’t business seemed to "be quietly commencing.-Already the sales have ; reached a very encouraging! amount... ’At an advanced liour the affair was ’ brought to a most suO cessful termination by Mr James Oddio, who disposed of the remaining articles by auction. Some good musical selections were given duriug the evening by the Misses/Hunter, Sutton, and Shewring. . A rumor is in circulation, which we (Express) are inclined to believe is correct, to the effect that a tele gram has been received by Mr Francis from Sir. James M’Culloch, by which Sir James‘intimates thathe .de clines the appointment of Agent-General for Victoria. It' is added that the Government do not desire the fact to become known while Parliament is sitting, to enable them,, as ' soon as Parliament is dissolved, to give the appointment to Mr Langton." Mr Ji D. Williamson, of Scarsdalej had a- splendid 'swarm'of bees from: .one'of his hives on Monday. 1 This i3’the first ..product of'the: kind (writes: our. local correspondent) that I have heard of in 'the- Smythes dale district this season. In our advertising columns will be found a pro gramme; of examinations; to -be held in the r lecture-’ hall, School of Mines, commencing on Monday, 25th November. The last day on which entries for these examinations can be received will be Monday, 11th November. . ... ; The Ararat Advertiser Bays: —“J. W. Peebles, the spiritualist, and author of the ‘ Seers of the Ages,-’ has arrivedin, Melbourne. Mr Peebles has with’ him a trance medium. There will probably, be a. contest .between Mr David Blair and Mr Peebles. Judging by a perusal of some of Mr Peebles’ works, we should thiuk he was quite as good at invective as the ‘Rev., David, and if the two men meet on a platform there will doubtless be a very racy exhibition. Mr Blair has already rendered Blairsonian the-. ‘ .Yankee • ghost business,’ but Mr Peebles is a cute man, as well ■as.a clever one. It is, moreover; probable that the medium has informed Mr Peebles of Mr Blair’s preparation against him, as well as the quality of his argument. Again, it.is probable that the trance medium has told Mr Peebles what the result will be; if notj tile medium should be invited to divine at once in the interests of the cause.’’ . \ ..... : ■■. ; ■ - We have received a copy of Clarson, Mussina, and Co.’s Weather Almanac for 1873, which maintains its old reputation for variety and fullness of information. Says the Herald —“ Their Serene Highnesses Prince Augustus and Prince Phillip of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, cousins of H.M. the. Queen, arrived by the Hero from Auckland on Tuesday, morning. His Ex cellency’s aide-de-camp lias taken apartments for them !at Menzies, but aV their Highnesses have expressed their wish to travel as much as possible in their char acter of private gentlemen, we see no occasion to in trude upon that privacy with any remarks as to their residence of actions. The princes are attended by a small personal suite of servants, and have, announced their intention of seeing all that the colony can Bhow them of interest. As they. evidently .y/ish to be let alone, it is to be hoped they will be allowed to follow their own inclinations without any attempt at Jenkinism.” These royal personages . 'are Prince Philippe, born 28th March, 1844 (in 1865 a lieutenant in the services of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha), .and,-Prince Augustus, born 9th August, 1845 (in 1865 .midship man in the Austrian navy). They are, among others, the issue of Prince Augustus (brother of. Ferdinand, King of Portugal), married in 1843 to Princess Clem entine, daughter of the late King Louis Philippe of the French. The two Princes Philippe and Augustus are great-grandsons of Duke Francis of Saxe-Saalfield- Gotha, consequently cousins of Ernst 11., Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha (uncle of Prince Alfred, of the United Kingdom), brother of the late Prince Albert, and also cousins to Queen Victoria. The following intelligence from Fiji has been brought to Auckland by the mission schooner Southern Cross: —“The murderers of the Lavinia’s crew are known, and were reported by the Rev, Mr Brooke .to the captain of H.M.S. Basilisk to belong to a town close to where he was living.. The alleged cause of the mur ders was the neglect of the . Lavinia’s people to pay for some heche de- mer they had obtained from the natives. .The murders were planned ,by ; a native of! the same town, named Paddle, who for some time was at the mission station at Kohemarima. The Rev. Mr -Bice had a-narrow- escape.. . Several - canoes—were swamped in coming off to see the ship, and the ha!-' tives lay in wait to take .revenge after their fashion. Fortunately one of them swam off, and warned Mr Bice away.” The Telegraph says:—" Mr James Smith whs in his glory on Monday night, at the Independent Lecture hall. He discoursed on the very suggestive subject, “ Beyond the Grave,” and ran riot in the last predic-, tions and revelations. of magnetic spiritualism. We live, according to Mr Smith, ina very queer world indeed, people- being continually ‘ re-incarnated.’ Tennyson is really an old Italian poet, and Moses has teen on earth several times, and may be shortly, ex pected again., What Mr Smith was once upon a time did not' appeaf.’’ ' ' , ‘ " ' ... The Little River Meat- preserving. Company .is busily preparing for tho commencement of operations after sheariug, when it is expected stock will bo procurable at a rate which will pay for preserving purposes. Tho building recently purchased is being put in order, the boilers are being placed,- and: machinery from Mel bourne .erected. The enquiry conducted by Mr Call, P.M., into the' allegations made against Mr Jeremiah Ryan, J.P., of Bacchus Marsh,' having concluded, the report has been under the'consideration of the hon. -the Solicitor- General for tho past few days, and he has decided that'Mr Rydn shall be afforded an opportunity of re signing the commission of the peace held by him. ’ -The tender of Messrs Jas. M-Ewan and Cos. for the’ supply of 866 tons of cast-iron pipes for the Melbourne" -Sewers and Water Department, which, was iXie lowest sent in, cannot bo accepted, as the contractors are not' able to deliver the material .within the specified time. The tender next in price, that of Messrs M'Lean Bro-’ thers and Rigg, has been accepted, at £l4 10s per ton.- Referring to-new: Corporation baths by the Yarra Yarra,,the Argus Bays:— “ Under Titus and Diocletian magnificent edifices were erected in ancient Rome, for. bathing in, tho ruins of which still remain! Tjnder Alderman Wragge, who has conducted this-movement on the part of the city council, modern Melbourne has erected public baths simply of tin and .wood, the architect of ‘which,’with a primitive'simplicity, evi dently-took for his model-a rectangular rtf tin- water tank.” The presence and'action of -Dr Perry, the Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, at the ecclesiastical parliament now being held in Sydney.(observes the Aye) has re sulted in what may prove a very important ; event as regards the religious community of the Australasian colonies. At the conference of the bishops and repre sentatives of the, ecclesiastical province of Australia, on Monday, 21st October, a resolution was moved ap proving of the' church taking measures for promoting intercommunion with “other reformed episcopal churches.” Dr Perry, with more catholicity than the mover of the resolution, moved as an amendment the substitution of the words “other branches of the ■Christian church" for those quoted above. After some considerable discussion,, the amendment of I Bishop Perry was carried. The Church Assembly of I Victoria may reasonably congratulate itself upon the 'inception ofa"'measure- for the promotion of union with other denominations, for the steps taken here have now. been ratified by the episcopal-ecclesiastical representatives- of all- the -colonies;-and the ratifica tion will assuredly produce beneficial results. Perhaps some day we may witness in the sonthern hemisphere a grand united conference of. aU denominations, called i together for the consideration of the best means of prosecuting religious work. If so, to Bishop Perry and his coadjutors in Victoria much of the credit of Buch a gathering must be eredited. ? A Beechworth telegram of Monday says:—“On Saturday an inquest'was held on the; remains of Mr Watt, the victim of the Wooragee outrage. A verdict was returned that deceased died from, a. gunshot wound inflicted by some person unknown. The funeral yesterday was largely attended, there being 30 vehicles and 130 horsemen, 1500 to 2000 persons being at the grave. To-day the three men on remand; and another man called Black Jack, were brought upj and remanded at the police-court until Thursday next, when the case will be gone into.: The Govern ment offer £lOO reward with no free pardon to an ao complice.” The Argus explains the absence of an English tele gram on Tuesday morning by the circumstance that messages are not despatched from London on Sunday. Supposing a telegram to be sent from London early on Monday morning, it would leave, according to our time, in the evening, and would not arrive at Java in time to be forwarded until next day. At the Treasury, on Monday (says the Argus), his Excellency the Governor presented the silver medal of the Royal Humane Society to Charles Alfred Smith, a boy nine years of age, who jumped into the Yarra at Abbotsford, in December last, and saved the life of his younger brother at the risk of his own. In addi tion to the medal he was presented with a special parchment writ containing a record of. the event, and the writ -was enclosed in an endorsed case.. The scroll bore the signature-of His Grace the Duke of Argyle, president, and was countersigned by the secretary of the Royal Humane Society. To-morrow is the last! day of entry for the Matricu lation examination at the University, or any other examination to be held during this term. An afternoon’s horse-facing is announced to take place on Monday next, on the. Haddon racecourse. 