THE EAST RYPNHY" liLBC UIOX." Till Till! rail-road OF' THE "llLllALll. "Sin, Although until dor for East, Surrey, I can "firmly did not intend to interfere, directly or indirectly, in the present election, had not Mr. Parkes, in each of his electioneering speeches, crime me the honour of distinguish ADET mo Vy milking twice tried for Attack. Mr. Parkes, I unfold, asked exultingly. yesterday, on the hustings, after the nominations were completed, way I had not obtained my nomination to oppose him The fact of my having abstained from taking HEy part in the one- tion, on either side, would stem to have rendered the qti9| lion unnecessary, even if the circumstance of my being one of the members for West Sydney had not suggested a satisfactory answer ? ? ' But suppose for a moment it be assumed that Mr. Parkes really thought I could, under any ciroumafabce*, put such an affront on West Sydney as to resign my seat for that electorate, and offer myself for East Sydney, may I not ask why it did not suggest itself to Mr. Parkes to breach the subject before the nominations were over, and not after, all when, of course, it was isolated for me to enter the lists ? So little interest did I take in the deliverances of Mr. Parkes, having had ample experience of his utter unsold pursuance (with regard to the assertions and promises he makes on such occasions, that I should not have given his speeches the slightest thought had I not been informed of his bunkum inquiries as to why I was not a candidate. Having thus had my attention called to them. I was much amused to find Mr. Parkes beating that " while other men who had been called on in turn by her Majesty's represen- tatives to advise on the formation of a Government, he alone had been able to surround himself with old political associates, that had worked together, and with him, in all the great political struggles that had occurred during his colonial life! Hero was for once a Government of one mind,'' they, do, I am not of course quoting the exact words of Mr. Parkes. There was far too much of it for that, and he would, of buckram were too tall, far too tall for me to handle satisfactorily in the way of condensation; but I believe it will be admitted, that I have correctly given what the whole conveyed. ' Not satisfied with the bombast of the R general pluming?, Mr. Puikcsgccs on to particularise. Mr. ïidduir/ton gets credit for twenty-five years' association of this kind ! Mr. Parkes, in the" same speech, boasts of having supported the Electoral Act of 1858, with all its liberal provisions, and especially those relating to manhood suffrage and vote by ballot. But did Mr. Pid- dington vote for those- reforms ? Mr. MulUr Is put down for eighteen years. But was Mr. Butler associated with Mr. Parkes by way even of approval of his un-English and dastardly conduct in C'rOfB-cxiimining.a prisoner while waiting in gaol trial on a capital charge, and, without letting (hut prisoner know it, placing a shorthand writer behind the door, to take down his carele«sly-ppeikt,n words. Was Mr. Butler associated with Mr. Parkes in his outrageous conduct to Father Dillon ? Or was Lo a party to the Kiama Ghost falsehoods ? are., so, &c.; Mr. Samuel, whom every" one respects, next comes in for mention, but his name was dr speed as if ifchad been spoken inadvertently, or, at least, improvidently for over Mr. Parkes was not hardy enough to claim long association, or even any association at all, with him. Mr. Hxtllui land is next honoured by Mr. Parkes's notice, and'a'mór'o worthy man than Mr. Sutherland does not exist. But if the manner in which Mr. Parkes dealt with Mr. Sutherland, throughout the whole time Mr. Surber' land was in office, and even up almost to the present time, is the manner in which Mr.' Parkes deals with " highly esteemed life-long associates," it should be isolationist j new acquaintances to break off while his iicqiiainti.nce) iejetv-oung. * near " » Mr. Farnell is policed as another of the pigTUapn-yovs' associates in all great political astridg:e ) in which Mr. Par ker has, taken part. "" T . i in another part of the same Fpsecfi Mr, Parkes boasts of having supported Mr. Robertson's Land Acts " But did npt;Mr.-Farnell lose his seat for Parramatta for his opposing don to those A css ? i Mr. George A. Lloyd! "Well, this gentleman, thought introduced with very full surroundings, has" nothing very'. decided said of him in the way of long associate. Tot] , such HBfocialion is almost implied. Surely all the time Mr. Parkes has been airing his patriotism he has not been on' gugcdiVolcver manoeuvres in the flour market? ! , Mr. Innes is next introduced, but with nothing more than! "honourable mention." I hope he feels flattered ! -2 It would have gave me the trouble of Writing tips latter, end of putting myself under the obligation. tu-you-of-asking surety publications Mr. Parkea.ljad have gps ora with his C'abinei-n.Bkirip, ned with his Ministerial election, and left i me alone. No one expected Mr. Parkes to form a G6vornaaont| without discordant elements. He one expected Mr. Parkes to form a better Government than he has formed the wonder is that it is not worse). and no one can fail to par-' I (cave that, in paruöinghij> defence of his colleagues, his object is to divert attention from his own defects. Whatever faults tbtawoistof his colleagues may have Mr. Falkos way rely upon it, that history _ will declare Henry Parkes' the most objectionable! of the team. , Hour obedient servant, 're"' i I, JOHN ROBERTSON. Clovelly, 21st May. 