MR. FRANK DUFFY'S AFFOINTMEN Banqno's ghost conld hardly have had more terror for Macbeth than the appointment question has for the late Daffy Ministry. At every step it besets them, and each time it is resuscitated its appearance becomes more disgusting. At nearly every sitting of the Assembly, since it was first brought forward, it has presented itself, and last evening, as if to prove that it cannot restj it turned up late at nigbt when the estimates were under consideration. Mr. A, T. Claik, who has already expressed a belief that all the appointments made by the late Ministrv, and questioned by the House, should be cancelled, may he regarded as the medium on this occasion, for he objected to the,vote for two clerks at j£225 each in the Crown Solicitor's department, fiis ground of objection being that one of those cleris is Mr. Duffy, jun., whose appointment was referred to in the debate on Mr. Ramsay's motion. The objection evoked an explanation from the Attorney-General, showing that whatever had been said about this transaction was more than justifiable. The other clerk is a young gentleman who, it transpired, has risen from messenger boy in the office to head of the fifth class, and who during the last twelve months had been entrusted with the duty of,attending Crown prosecutors m circuit.: When Mr. Duffy entered the office he entered it as a fourth-class officer, and was thus placed over the head of a gentlemen who had been sixteen years in the service, and was in every way entitled to the • first promotion, not simply for • praiseworthy industry and application in raising himself as he had done for length of service and seniority, but on the recommendation of Mr. Travers Adamson, who spoke of him as the most efficient and intelligent young gentleman who had ever attended him on circuit. The present Attorney- General, learning these facts from Mr. Gurner, the Crown Solicitor, who corroborated Adamson's opinion, felt that an injustice had been done, and therefore promoted the gentleman in question, and replaced him in the position he had been deprived of hy Mr. Duffy's appointment. The late Attorney-General defended himself at the cost of Mr, Gurner, who, he said, informed him that a clerk capable of performing this circuit duty was re- quired in the department, and added that had these facts been known to him he would not have placed Mr. Duffy in the position he did. Even Mr. Yale denounced the treatment the young gentleman in question had received at the hands of his own colleagues, while Mr. Longmore suggested that if the Crown Solicitor had befen guilty of advising one Minister one way and Ms successor in the opposite, it was necessary that it should be inquired into. Perhaps it should, but it does not relieve Mr. Walsh of the responsibility of having pliantly and without inquiry made such an outrageously unjust appointment. The item, after a good deal of talk, was finally agreed to, 6th July. —" Age," 2 