CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION. The adjourned annual meetings of the above Union were held in Stow Church on Thurs-<*> day, May 16. At 9.30 o'clock, a prayer meeting was held, and at half-past 10. the ministers and delegates assembled for business. The Chairman of the Union, Bev. F. W. Cox, pre sided. Prayer having been offered by the Bev. ■ John Gibson, the Secretary (Bev. £. Griffiths) - apologised for the unavoidable absence of the Bevs. W. Wilson (Wallaroo), S. L Harris (Bindmarib), aid D. MHne (Laoepede Bay). There were present for the first time, two new members, who, he was sure, the Union heartily welcomed amongst them, viz, the Bev. Oolmer B. Symes, B. A., of Stow Church, and Mr. John A. Dowie, the pastor elect at Alma. These gen tlemen were duly proposed for admission as members, and cordially welcomed. BOLL OF HZKBEBS. The roll of ministers and delegates present was made up as follows:— Stow Memorial Church—Bev. Oolmer B. Symes, 8.A., Messrs. G. Anderson, D. Robin, W. Falmer, H. Dean, M. Goode, A. Adamson, A. Hay, W. T. Flint, J. Taster, sen., and H. A. Crawford. North Adelaide—Bev. J Jefferis. LL.B., Messrs. J. M. Anderson, A. Dowie, J. Porter, W. Brace, R. Searle, G. Phillips, A. S. Devenish, T. Frost, T. Grose, J. T. Shawyer, T. Harris, and J. F. Conigrave. Hindmarsh-square—Bev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. C. Smedley, J. A. Ohartier, J. M. Dowie, S. Whitmore, G. Scrymgour, aeu, G. Scrymgour, Jan., J. M. Stacy, G. Miller, C. Sorymgour, and W. D. Allott. Glenelg—Rev. C. Manthorpe, Messrs. Jac Storrie, and F. Caterer. Port Adelaide—Bev. M. H. Hodge, Messrs. J. Sicken, Grease, Michelmore, and Stone. Hindmarsh—Messrs. J. Pickering, M.P., J. Mittoa, J. Aston, J. Vardon. Kensington (High-street)—Bev. W. Nioholls, and Messrs. Paokham and Cowman. Kensington (Clayton Chapel}—Bev. F. Griffiths. Messrs. A. Btow, and G. Wood. Gawler—Bev. J. O. McMwhaei, and Messrs. J. Davit, J. Dawkim, B. B. Delano, J. Fitch, W. Malimim. Salisbury—Rev. J. B, Ferguson, and Mr. T. McCauley. Kapunda—Bev/ M. Williams, 8.A., Messrs. ' D. Will, Small, and Cameron. Maolaren Vale—Bev. J. Howie, and Messrs. T. Colton and J. Brown. Truro—Rev. P. Barr. Wallaroo—Bev. J. Lloyd, Alma—Mr. J. A. Dowie. Happy Valley—Bev. C Hall, and Mr. Klsse. Port Elliot and Goolwa—Kev. J. Hotham. MDang and Point Start—Mr. B. F. Cameron and Mr. C. BlackweH. Encounter Bay, Port Victor, and Bald Hills —Bev. O. Hodge, Messrs. G. S. Bead and R. Allen, jun. Angaston and North Rhine—T?«v. 3. Gibson. Personal members—Bev, O. W. Evan, 8.A., Bev. W. Harcus, and Bev. H.Oheetham. ohairmah'b address, \- The Bev. C. B. Stubs resumed the discussion on the Chairman's address. The Chairman was -very highly complimented for the subject matter of the address, and for the able manner in which he had dealt with it; and although exception was taken to some points, a general concurrence of opinion in the value of the address was expressed. During the discussion —in which, in addition to the Ber. O. B. Symes—Messrs. K. Searle, J. Stome, A. Hay, J. A. Dowie, W. Haxcus, and Bevs. 3. O. MbMinhael, J. Jefferis, E. Griffiths, O. W. Bran, C. Mantherpe, and H. Cheetham, took part, the question of nhsnging the name of the denomination from Independent to Gongrega tionalist was adverted to, and the Jdosirabflity of adopting a more thorough system of congre gational psalmody expressed. Upon the motion of the Ber.H. Cheethak, seconded by the Bev. S. Mabxhobpi, tile best thanks of the Union were passed to the Bev. F. W. Cox for his addnsa. With the consent of Mr. Cox, it was also decided to print the address in the magazine. GENERAL BXPOBT. It having been decided to add to the report an intimation that the Bev. J. C. McMiehael— who had occupied the pastorato of the Church at Gawler for twelve months—hadnow accepted the charge permanently, a discussion followed relative to the desirability of expunging the statistics from the report. It was very generally urged that as at present furnished they ware of no value as far as accuracy was conuafiieA. As, however, the Government requested to be sup plied-with the part&cnlan;, it was decided that the return* be famished for this year, with the exception of the average attendance in the various Churches, it "being pointed out that it was quite a matter of impossibility to secure anything like aoouraoyijii th«t respect It wu farther resolved, that returns of the present year be obtained of the chapel buildings sod sittings, Sunday-schools and members. PBBSBYTEBLUT DBPOTAWOH. The Bev. E. Gbhtttrs introduced the Bevs. J. Lyall and 3. Davidson, at a deputation from Presbytery, expressing his pleasure in seeing them present, and aocording then a hearty wel come. (AppUuise.) The Key. Jas. Ltau, who wu oordMy wel comed, said the depntatirm were present for title purpose of conveying from Presbytery their fraternal greetings to the Union. He ob serred ftat the two "bodies held sob rtauitiaUF the nme <Inntrnw- of mngdaoml tenth, and sought to aooomplish, by nearly similar means, the one great end. -It, was the first time the Preshytaryhsd been rqmj. rented at such a meeting, and he was pleased to notice the growing good feeling and mutual respect which existed. . His witii members of the Independent body hid been of a. most cordial and T*l?«J'"g rhrTai^mr, They both had histories of NttaE ti*# were fajtly proud, the lines of those 1??«ti?ri«— had gone pretty nearly in. the same direetion, and there had been an earnest desire for increased spirituality in both Churches. He thought in these days— of rationalism on the one band, and ritualism on the other — that they should not magnify their differences, but endeavor to be drawn more olosely.to getfaa toworkin the erase of their one- oomaau Lorn, and thus raise a bulwark of oppo sition against 4be piogreas of erroc Speak ing individually, he should like to see the two Churches merged into one. (Cheers.) He opn eluied by again expressing his cordial sympathy and well wishes for the success and prosperity of the Union. .-,,•.,-.. ... The Bev. Johh Davidsoh, who was waimly received, said he very heartily endorsed thei"een timents expressed by the Ber. Mr. Lyall. Siaee hehadamred in South Australia^hehadexpe rienoed the greatest pleasure in his intercourse withthemembersofihetniilependentOhurcL and believed aaah interaoane amongst tiieir Ohris tiaa.Cbnsohes was productive of. graat good. Although perhaps they couldnotfor the present see their way clear to incorporation, be.thought they might very oerdially co-operate In the one 'common work. He viewed with pleasure the growing union between their Christian-Churches, and looked upon "the interchange of pulpits as a favorable indication of a desire for closer ih- timaoy. The Bev. 0. MAHTHOBra said he m sure. the Union reciprocated the kind expreuloni of fraternal regard given utteranoe to by tteir Presbyterian hretiiren, ' fie moved -that the Rev*, F, W. OoxandJ. JeSeriaJw*deputation to represent the Union at the .next, meeting ■■ of Presbytery to -express their fraternal feelinss and affeofibnate well wishes for its aucoew and usefulness. He took: that opportunity of *i*tt.nlri,^g the Bev.^ Mr. DAvidsoh' for - fiis. kindness in having unsolicited offered"^ help Ids Ohuroh whilst he was sigh unto death. He very derply appreciated the kind sympaUiyhadfea?ng«£ns Bhown, «nd deslrad thus to express his thankf to Mr. Davidson. i The Bev. £L Gmffithb seconded the motion, which was earned. : The "?i"i"? f**"^. neasisg for Mmjal^ he should be very pleased to aooept the honor of laeetrag with the Presbyterian brettran. when they were gathered together. KAOAZEBE BEPOBC: The Eev. 0. Mahthobpi mored—"That the report be adopted, and that all ministers and delegates use their best efforts to increase the circulation of the magazine," Mr. J. M. Dowse seconded. Mr. J. A. fIHOTtTTt suggested, as the magazine had been financially a success, and as it was not one of the objects that it should be a source of pecuniary profit, that the magazine he enlarged. • After a brief discussion as to the desirableness of «*?T«y?*?^ i&* a*n*pm ring or incorporating another jaunUnation with it, the report was adepted. The Ber^ J. JtTFsmra, expressed an opinion *hat it would be as ad-' vantage if there could be some joint action in the publication of tiie Taagarine between the Congregational and Pnabytenan 'Oliiimlks The Bev. J. DAVmsraebierradtlwfc, although it was not possible^ for. Mm' to'speak^ with anything like authority, he. •hould be glad to further the vUw which had bean advocated by the Ber. Mr. Jefferia. The Be* Mr. liYall would be very glad to do all inh%. power to enter into the arrangement, as sug-' gested, and would give the matter his hearty support if it should be brought before Pres bytery by the Union representatives. Upon the motion of the Kev. J. Janras. it was resolved—"That it be an instruction to (he Committee to take action wish the view to co- operating with the Presbyterian Churches in reference to the publication of the magazine." JUTANOTAL BKPOBT. Upon the metion of the Rev. Mr. Mahthobfe, th6 financial report was adopted. CHAPEL BDILDIBa SOOBrt ECFOBC This report was adopted, and ordered to be printed with tile proceedings of the Union, cosomxsx The following gentlemen were appointed for the ensuing year:—Chairman for next annual meeting, Bev. B. Griffiths ; Treasurer, Mr. A. Hay; Secretaries, Bev. E. Griffiths and Mr. A, Stow, J.P.; Finance Secretary, Mr. G. Scrym. gour, jun.: Auditors, Messrs. J. M. Andersonand g. Whibnore ; remainderof Oommittee, Bevs. O. W. Evan, J. Jefferis, O. Manthorpe, H, Oheet ham, O. B. Symes, A. Scales. W. Nisholls, J. B. Ferguson, 3. C. MoSDchael, and Messrs. A. Adamson, D. Robin, J. A. Ohartier, T. Caterer, H. Dean, G. F. Doolette, J. M. Dewia. W. T. Flint, T. Gro?e, W. Newbould, G. Philips, 3. Porter, J. T. Shawyer, C. Smedley, Jas, Storrie, tad J. M. Btaoy. Upon the motion of Mr. 3t BroBBH, seconded by the Her. C. W. BVAH, Uto resolved that irrespectiveof the election of the Committee, all mmiiten in connection with the Union be ex-cffieio mamben thereof. It was then resolved mm the motion of Mr. A. Hat, that a rote of thinks be accorded to Mr. W. 0. Bnik for his long wrrioe a* finudal Bflnrntary. and _to -Me A. Gore far supplying Mr. Bulk's place upon hii departure for England. UtaOTS OOIJJOK. The Ber. J. Jkffbih read the Union report as follows: — "The six delegates appointed by tins Union at its last half-yearly meeting, met tfi-rrsrr appointed respectively by the Baptist Union and the Presbytery of South Australia. The Council thus composed,. after preUminaiy meetings, passed resolutions (which have been published in tie prospectus). In aoaardanoe with these reiolationi an appeal had been made, privately, to many of oar i??^«*?g **tfrMnw In most oases a generous response has been given. The Council entertain no fears but that suffi cient means win be provided, partly by an en dowment fond, and partly by trtl'iTJi'^^'ig from Churches and individuals, to carry on the work «o auspisi*>uaiy commenced. The most liberal donor (Captain Hughes) held* out hopes of giving, at no distant date, a sum sufficient for building and partial endowment. The Council have taken offices in Temple- Chambers. Carrie-street, suitable for temporary clan rooms. In these, during the present srarinn. the daises wOl meet Classes for the study of Knglhh literature, and mental and moral philosophy ; of mathematici and natural science, and oi the Greek Testament, have been already formed. It is hoped that van shortly a class will be started, in f^Mittrai to the others, for the study of the classic*. Ten or twelve students have already applied for admission, several of these being already en gaged in preaching." The Ber. C. E. Sykbs moved—" That this Union frrpressmi its best wishes for tie pros perity of the Union College." The Bev. 0. Mahxhobpi seconded the motion. (Me. A. Hat suggested "That it be a recommendation from this Union to the various Churches to contri bute to the College as often umuttnUe kr imsnoriptiimi or collections.*' - He pointed on that such an undertaking could not be «T?rrTff* on without funds. It was jut what was wanted for young men who were desirous of following up their studies, and he trusted the College would receive the hearty support of the Churches. The Kev, O. W. Evan aeeonded Mr. Hay's sug gestion, alluding to the denrahlsnessof such a College being established, and pointing out **■«* education of the highest order was necessary to ensure power in Hie ministry'. Bjb trusted that the College would largely prepare young men as students for the Ministry. The motion having been withdrawn, Mr. Hay's suggestion was car ried. Mi. B. Searle was appointed to sot in • place of Mr. A. Btow (retired) on the College Council. IQHIBIXBS' PBOVTDEHT TUBD. The report of the Select Oommittee upon the Ministers' Provident Fund was given by the Rev. J. B. Ferguson, who stated that in sub mitting the basis of the scheme the Oommittee had been guided by schemes as laid down by the 'Victorian, English, Scottish, and Irish Con gregational Unions.; TheOHAl?kAir intimated that promises amounting to £145 had been re ceived from Angaston in aid of the funds. After a brief discussion, in which several amendments were proposed, it was decided to refer the scheme to the General Oommittee to take action immediately and bring a matured plan before the next general meeting. ' tbx bulbs. The consideration of Mr. Stew's notice of motion—"That it is desirable to revise the rules of the Congregational Union and- Home Mission," and,' contingent on that being car ried—" That a revised list be nsw oonaidereuy was postponed till the ngrt s^neral meeting.: <8118 TO OHOMIHB. ■• - ' ; - ■ \- Thii matter was left with the Committee to deal with. BAPTIST DEPUTATION. The Rev. G. Manthorpe said he understood the Union were to have welcomed a deputation from the Baptist Association. The Rev. Mr. Badger, he thought, was one, but being at Mount Gambler, he imagined he could not attend, and he supposed the other representa- tion was unavoidably absent. He thought, however, it was desirable to keep up the prin- ciple of sending representatives to these annual gatherings, and moved—" That the Revs.C.B. Symes and E. Griffiths be a deputation from the Union to express their fraternal regards and best wishes for the happiness and prosperity of the Baptist Association." The Rev. J. C. McMichael seconded the motion, which was carried, and the proceedings then terminated. Evening Meeting. largely attended tea sad public meetings jrere held at the Stow- Ohurah,'in the evening: Xaa Rev. F. W f Cox (Chairman of the Umnfi) pre sided'at the'puhlio meeting, andiin ffiilisfi*ig the proceedings alluded to their previous gjullcr ings, M*T*t|ff the* time for diwnuflp?? andb?si nesshka teenfoundtoo limited, altnougnTOro days bad been occupied, and ho wupAnn but that they would have to extend it to three days. He then referred to matter* onuiinwl nfl withOhureh life, expressing Mmself favorable to a *m*h.«3p amount of 9^a%m, but pointing out that in'Ghurthes, as iS?he tree* of the forest, thexa~must be to sotnefc xentaiversity; still, a?n^nt move in. fcarnumy to the one gnat will, and hafo m strong and vigorous nnrinsisstknj lib. Amongst the wants of their own Ohuron were1 more diteet and personal appeiti to 43*3, and in j^^t «^¥ipitip <jY<wf praise - *e&ovld; ne lino eutoome of their own spiritual natures.' Kev. M. Wttx-taiiHj m a^ liiifmn uiwriiin iiimiii the topio confided to Win, expnved fab ajnei ment with the Gnafrm&crt; lemaib 'B&AA; jeot—"Tfee hdc of i^ntnal 3|if« rtt. onr Ohnrohea, and the meant of ranedjing UJ I—he1 —he dirided fcto two parta-iEnt Hu> dhoai\ and thentiieraiifidj. He did not wiah to nub any inTidiou ooxnsaaaio&B; with. othfir'^&i;?cAi?L or ■peak in depredation of what h?fl been done by tteir own body. On the oontnzr, lie tegurded the anenen which b*d been acKered with thankfolneii; bat-wnilst admitting that maoh had been done, Uiat their «mgtegktion«-were mjods and t^y* *?rp\\*?i^atJftnM nnneroiu, Ae maintained that iiiera was <• laokof aputtnal life.- All true mefaiben of Ui?Ohttroh wwe thow wiofceliewd anm^snae fa Ghrirt, <aad had a apintoal Kb! ¥piritMl fife to tte Obonih waa likajaeagoldipg to «jb imaMnfc tliu life, to *iftniTtli it ao Siat £t-tnl^ltctww t and it did toil by ttlu^oiu pteaflUnj. QhntUn ordi?anoae.toia^intewpntae.aadC'hrirtian fellowihip. l%al£fe snut be- pnpagiktod, diffoaed—in other wardi ■ thaw MMt*e a '«ok ▼enion'of anmea 'ai well aa a building?-<of iheOhniehia faith and nolineaL Tfhenfliej fttA tiu?itvouldbeeTiaenouuis two waya --l^ growth tt inward«ad ontwarf life. As to dt« ward growth, be did not think Oeyfcadtlie nwabro&ey; might wqwet «ridaneing itjaad> . ; as to inward growth, -wu it sot «. Cut that** Onrspintaalineetinii, mwti&gi; fsrsnbitnal fellowS^ Vod a? atdiamnoe of thetord'. Supper were but meagedy attended? afcs-fint thug in ?onnsoUam with the remedy forthis was tnai &*ej ■ffjLfi^g^g*'^^^ should bring the troth closer borne to wall; more ahoold fee dans to place «piritual ■object* brfere the ninas of the ehiMierSsabbatt. ibedone?ydeaoons andmembeaof GieOhnreh withragudto those with whom they were brought into relationship. Further, when Ctarehei woe low in their spiritual condition', special services should be held; and, UsUy, there was mn—ity for indiridnal and oollee tire, earnest, importunate, and beliering prayer tO;God for farther ■aooess. (Applause.) The Be*. 3. VuaiD, from WaUaroo, ni the next .speaker. He made ? hmmoroiu address, in 'which he espresiea eynnafhy w^i the 'Tfyitwn jitgwui fj^at Icne Cftristiai?^y ***^" iito seat in Oe heart, and if it m genuine it wvold manifest itself. The Ber-C B. BTnta referred with pleasure to the humour mini ;feated in the Association, and said, whilst there waitids, he noticed there was a strong ten dency towards closer onion. In reference, to his subject—"The reality of spiritmal • power," he said ho thought there wt>nU have to be closer spiritual oonmKrtann to do God's wprk in.their commnnUiea. He affirmed the reality of spiritual (ower. the power of God over the emotions, will, %p4. in tellect, and said it was a wonderful power-ra power which was as mysterious as the light, but quite aa m£L - H there was no reality in ■their Church life they were laboring under jdelnsions; they were-oartainly bound io*stb«r ■by ooztun T*^nn**■*"*" i*|T infln*?ni*i>*'i, Imt notfcy ,the power of the Holy Ghost; they arare no' but ■imply human jaiads and sueatta, shewing oojn : jmon feelings and *^wmh nJuiarn. AD .'thf? iru no reality in Christian life, they, kis^ ministers, were simply blind leading the bond, and iheir Whole Ohurdi life and work was a failure. He feared they were rather losing jtheir T^nfj^i*""" is wd, in His' powor over the hearts and oonsmtmnns of men,* They should loekir ore closely into those old truths, illurtrating the power of God, so as to dearly view them and feel their power. . The history of the OtriitUn Ohuteh showed the* when this spiritual power was straugest the" most work was done. Some said tins was*e evose ™fo-?*il— were performad tben, but be* asserted miimrJiw aerer gave spiritual Hfe. There was a power for them to raaHse—*• power of the Holy Ghost to reach the hearts san consrietio?S of men. There was a jeslltytn this power, and they should seek to vsa ik There were vital inflnenoas in it which would infallibly be effective. They should not work in hopelessness but with eagerness for thede ve&nmentof; theflhristianUfa. Thersnodd erpeel results, the Holy Spirit was waibng for the eareet importunate prayers! of the people and would bestow the power. He nopedit would be sought and obtained. lAv&aoe.;) Hie meeting terminated with the benediction. A farmer reeenflj adTwtaaedte a iwm wife, mi «*Hed partenlar attention to the oeumeaof her dewttaon jort aii tte ndw work wuoomingon, after he Ud n?4 the ex pense of wintering lwr. 