Mb. Duffy's explanation at Efyneton on Wednesday last is,., it must be admitted, anything but satisfactory," the abuse of patronage laid to his charge by the new Ministry the country could halve passed over, but the lame apology made for his colleagues in the administration of the Land Act, and on other matters, simply amounts to admis sion. It was of course to be expected that the late Chief Secretary would repudiate all connection with the effusions of Bishop Goold on the Education question, but the repudiation comes too late to- satisfy his opponents. The great redeeming feature in the speech of Mr Duffy is his avowed determination to support Mr .Francis and his colleagues in all the measures the initia tion of which he rather egotistically ascribes to himself. If any reliance can be placed, on such promises the country may expect to see the public business carried on without the constant and disgraceful rancour so often displayed within the walls of Parlia ment, and, as the late Chief Secretary re marks, the time may come when he will again possess the confidence of the , electors. As it is, Mr Francis and his colleagues have fairly gained the reins of power, and are therefore entitled to the support of the coun try. It is immaterial, so long as the public- business is carried on to the satisfaction of the constituencies, who is at the head of affairs. Mr Duffy, and in fact more than, one of his predecessors, have ignored- this truth, relying more upon their personal and party following than upon the good opinion of their constituencies. From the first we deprecated this itinerant banqueting L.of , Mr Duffy and his colleagues, and felt assured that such appeals to popular sympathy and- approval were out of place and discreditable to members of' the Executive. The result of the late election has proved the correctness of this judgment, and it may fairly be said that Mr. Francis and Ms col leagues must attribute their success more to the discreditable abasement of their oppo nents than to any resplendent merits of their own. What the country now. wants is practical legislation, and the cessation at least for a time of the miserable personal bickerings that of late years have disgraced the Legislative Assembly. The new Chief Secretary has now the opportunity to carry out the measures that have been so long urgently demanded by the country.' Let these measures, fairly and temperately dis cussed, receive the attention to which they are entitled ..without delay, and. the loss of valuable time occasioned by the late elec tions will be comparatively unfelt. On Tues day next Parliament will assemble, and now that the turmoil of electoral warfare has passed it is to be hoped the real business of the country will be proceeded with. The constituencies are positively sick of the delays and opposition that really useful measures meet with session: after session; displays of personal rancour "apparently ab sorbing the attention of legislators to the ' evidont loss of their constituents, To say that we have had remarkably uncom fortable weather during the past week would be to use a mild phrase, for cold fogs, soaking drizzles and an aguish atmosphere have characterised days and nights. We certainly had a glimpse of cheer ful sunlight on Thursday, but as night came on, a thick fog was everywhere, searching invalid people to the very marrow, and yesterday it hung around us on all sides, while noses and prominent facial features were all sorts of colours. The Concert in aid of the Avoca Lead Common, School came off as announced on Monday evening last, and notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather there was a much larger attendance than, usual. In the absence of Mr C. W. Carr, who was unexpectedly called to Melbourne, Mr Henry Hall, the Shire Secretary, was called to .the chair.-and that gentleman, in his opening address, also l ex- plained the absence of Mrs Nicholls, who had arrived in the town with the intention of being present, but was suffering from a very severe cold consequent .upon the severe weather experienced during her journey from Lextoh. The programme .was then , proceeded with as follows':— -Overture, piano, Miss M. Trevena ; song, "Maggie's Secret," Miss Hunter — very nicely sang; song, "The Pilot," Mr Matthews ;. song, j" Somebody's Com ing, Mrs Meredith ; recitation, " A Ghost Story," Mr Macadam ; song, " When the Swallows home ward fly," Mrs Robarts — given with much taste ; duet, " The Gipsy Countess," Miss Hunter and Mr F. Paten— very well rendered-; song, " My darling Mignionette," Mr Owen ; song, " Molly Ashore," Mrs Meredith ; song, " The Tight Little Island," Mr Hartshorn ; song, " Kitty Tyrrell,'' Mr H, Brooks ; song, " The Charge of the Light Brigade"— given with distinctness and proper spirit by. Mr F. Paten ; duet, " What are the Wild Waves saying ?"Miss .Hunter and Mr Hartshorn — carefully rendered and , thoroughly appreciated by the audience ; song, " Footsteps on the Stairs," by Mrs Robarts, and vociferously applauded. This concluded the first part of the entertainment, and after a short interval the programme was resumed as under : — Piano solo, Miss M. Trevena — carefully executed ; song, " Irene," Mrs Robarts ; song, " The German Band," Mr Macadam — encored ; duet, "Comic Medley," Mr and Mrs Hartshorn— also encored; song, "Wont you tell me why?" Miss Hunter ; duet, " Very suspicious," Mrs Meredith and Mr F. Paten ; song, with local allu sions, " If ever I cease to love," Mr H, Owen ; song, " Call her back and kiss her," Mrs Meredith ; song, " The Slave Ship, Mr Matthews ; song, " I like a lover well," Miss Hunter; song, "The Bride's Farewell," Mr Brooks; song, "Good Night, and Happy Dreams," Mrs Robarts; song, "We've long been Friends together," Mr F. Paten. The Jusual vote of thanks concluded the entertainment ; and, we may add, that this complb mem was never. better deserved than by the few ladies and gentlemen who braved the war of the elements on Monday evening to aid a local institu tion and to minister to the enjoyment of the music- loving public. Our Police Court report contains the account of a case against a Chinaman, heard on Wednesday last, in which he was charged with stealing a cash j box, cheques, and money from a store at McCul- j lum's Creek. The value and strength of circum stantial evidence is in this instance made particu larly cleafy and the aptness of Detective Duncan in fitting the circumstances, or, as the phrase goes, "putting this and that together," is made mani fest. Inventors of the -newest novels of involved evidence might take a lesson from this " tale of a hat," for such it is. The comparatively new workings at Number One Creek are gradually extending, and fair returns of gold have been obtained, especially from the holes more recently bottomed. Dwellings and places of business are increasing, and among other changes is that of the store and hotel of Mr Louis Salvana, which he has removed from Kimberley. It is something hopeful to hear the accounts brought in to Avoca, and without any apparent exaggeration, as to this new ground. We observe, touching mining matters, that fresh advertisements appear for tributors to the Golden Lake Company's ground, Homebush. Several heavy loads of mas sive mining machinery passed through Avoca yes terday and Thursday for putting up at the works of the Band and Lake Company, Homebush, so we may take heart from the old simile, that min ing claims are like buckets in a well, one up and the other down, keeping the average of enterprise at a pretty fair standard. Those who have the management of this new Company are determined that no pains or reasonable outlay shall be wanting fully to develop the all but certain riches of the ground. By the courtesy of the local postmaster we are enabled to inform our readers that the English Mail will close at Avoca on- the 15th and 16th instants. Further particulars as- to : hours, &c.;, are given in another column. - ; Out of the unusually large number of cases of felony and misdemeanor for trial at the Circuit Court at Maryborough on Tuesday, the 16th- iiislant, numbering sorad eleven or: twelve,; will .'be a large proportion from the district of Avoca, -including the charges against Frederick Ostercamp, for feloniously , wounding Christina Farkins at Amphitheatre ; that; preferred by an informant against Mrs Priestley, for setting fire to a fence at Warren mang ; a similar charge against Mrs Hanson, for setting fire to a fence on the Wood stock Station, Lainplough ; that of stealing in a dwelling house, against Bedgood, . alias Walker, Avoca; and in the event of a committal on Wed nesday, which is from the evidence pretty sure, of! the Chinaman for stealing boots at Percydale, who is also under remand for stealing -a cash -box, money aud cheques at McCullum's Creek from the store of Mr Somberg. We are reluctantly compelled to hold over the the publication of a letter received from Mr McHugb, as it arrived too late for insertion in this issue. By an advertisement in another column it will he seen that an important land sale will take place at Avoca on Tuesday, the lGth instant. The lots to be offered comprise township, suburban and village allotments in good situations. The Daily Telegraph of Tuesday says : — The great event of yesterday was the receipt of the first European message by the submarine telegraph cable. It was ten days old, the consequence partly of t he cable not working well at the time— a cir cumstance we regret to hear — and partly of the delay occasioned by the horse express having to be used to close the gap in the overland line. We may remark that the message printed to-day is not a specimen of those the public will usually receive. Reuter's message has not come to hand, j but merely a telegram relating to Australian sub- 1 jects, and intended to supplement the "world's news," which Reuter has undertaken to transmit. No doubt, so soon as it lis known in England that the line is open, Reuter will proceed to send his message, but to-day we are without it, and the public are left without the general news the Press expected to give them. Intelligence of great in terest comes to hand via Batavia, but it can hardly be relied upon. A statement that England and . America have nearly- been- at- war seems im probable, to say the least of it, and the further allegation that President Grant has been re-elected must be untrue, because the presidential election will not take place till the close of this year. Our New Zealand dates are to the 24th June. An Auckland telegram mentions that the hon Mr Mr. McLean has returned from Waikato. Several important chiefs met him at Alexandra, "and dis cussed the question respecting the future relations between the two races. The natives generally have displayed an earnest desire for peace, but no meet ing with the King will be held owing to the jealousy and dispute between the Ngatimaniapoto and Wai kato tribes as to the place of meeting. The sub jects will be discussed, it.is understood, at a meeting to be held at no distant date, when the existing differences can be more easily reconciled. The weather for a week before Mr M'Lean left Alex andra had interrupted communication, but two days after Mr McLean left, the King sent a canoe to meet him. Some excitement was occasioned by the report of a sealing party, just returned to River- ton from the West Coast, that on the 17th April, at Looking-glass Bay, they found some traces of wreck, consisting of pieces of kauri and red pine boards. Between Caswell and Thompson Sounds they saw part of a vessel's bowsprit and large quan tities of ship's plankjng, broken cases, and pieces of boats, and, the sea being clear, some books and papers were discovered at the bottom, in two fathoms of water; - They succeeded in recovering two bundles of papers on files, an old illustrated family Bible, a pair of bead-worked carpet slippers, a broken writing desk, and a cheque book bearing date November, 1811. It proved on inquiry, how ever, that this wreck was. the debris of the West Coast floods, when houses were washed out to sea. The South Australian Register publishes an interesting letter of Dr M'Henry's, which was written by him in Egypt on his voyage to England. He describes the Suez Canal, and speaks highly of some of the results of its existence, which have as yet been too little noticed. The doctor says, among other " The Sweet. Water canal is about 30 ft wide, full of fish, and all round it appears vegetation where before nothing was visible but stones and sand. M. Lesseps during twenty years has planted here more than, a million of trees, including date, palms, olives, and mulberries. Already hundreds of square miles appear as green as English meadows are in June, interlined with fruit trees of different kinds, where, twenty-five years ago 20f were paid for a vessel with fresh water for house uses. The whole country of Goshen' is being resuscitated from its sandy desert bed. Formerly it scarcely ever rained at Cairo. Since the construction of the Suez canal and other watercourses for irrigation purposes, the atmosphere has become cooler. Since my arrival we have had every night a shower ; hence it be comes plain that the construction of canals, etc., and the planting of trees, will change a dry climate. During the day the heat is great, the nights are cool and refreshing— almost too cold. The Viceroy of Egypt spends millions on the improvements, and especially on the planting of trees. The roads in all directions are planted on both sides with large umbrageous trees, and Australia should learn from Egypt and California to plant and cultivate trees especially along their roads and highways." The South Australian Register attributes the arrival of the mail steamer before her contract time to the circumstance that the P. and O. Company know that Victoria has a strong hankering after a mail service via the Cape, and their primary object is to please the Melbourne people. By starting their steamers two or three days before the adver tised time from Point de Galle, they are enabled to give Melbourne priority of news over all the other colonies. It knows of no other way of accounting for the early arrival of the mail steamers in Hob- son's Bay, and hopes that every exertion will be made to induce the company to call at St Vincent Gulf. In the district of the Murray the "creeks and rivers have become so swollen that they have over flowed their hanks, and the waters are out in every direction. Along the Ovens river, from Myrtleford towards Oxlev, the low-lying . lands are all under water. Fences have been -washed away, and the young crops, it is feared, will be completely des troyed. The Little River has also overflowed its banks, and the adjacent flats present the appearance of an unbroken sheet of water. From Wahgunyah, the Advertiser learns that the Murray is in flood and has overspread the road between that township and Corona; the stores on the river side and the dwellings on the flats have been cleared of their contents, and the residents have removed to higher ground, there to abide until the water abates. In no case have thelfloods reached the height of those that occured " two years since, but should the present weather continue a considerable loss of property is almost certain to rccrue. A migration from Victoria across the South Aus tralian border to a district known as Binhini, is said to be going on, of selectors, who are taking up land. The new selectors hail from M elbourne, Asplev-, VVimmera, Dimbola, Lake Wallace, Merino, and other places in this colony,. The blocks that have been secured are all large and .the price is £1 per acre. . _ : With regard to the supposed outbreak , of foot and mouth disease in New South Wales, Mr. J. Pottie, veterinary surgeon „ to the Govornment, reports as follows " On Wednesday, at the com mand of the hon. the Minister for Lands, I pro ceeded to Mr Shandou's Eastern Creek, to examine a herd of cattle reported to be suffering from foot and mouth disease. It seems that for some months these and other cattle have been ailing and dying from a form of disease termed 'joint ill' or ' chine felon.' It is produced by. poverty of blood and ex posure. This poverty of blood is generally produced by too much of the same kind of food and the want of variety. It is a disease which assumes a variety of forms and may end iu deposit of bone around any of the joints of the body or legs, or sloughing of the bone and hoofs may occur. When this does occur and is associated with sores of the tongue and mouth, you have a condition of things identical in their appearance with foot and uiouth disease— in deed, it has often been confounded with it. This is one of the important phases of disease to which particular attention ought to be given, so that parties in the country may not be taking the one condition for the other. Eastern Creek, Rooty Bill, and South Creek have been hot beds of disease. There pleuro, Cumberland disease and all forms of blood disease flourish luxuriously. '..-'Nipt far -from this, pleuro first made its appearance— indeed 'th'ere are certain enclosed fields on which it is dangerous to graze any kind of living animal./' I find that at this particular time eruptive diseases have become pretty prevalent among cattle and horses ; of course everybody should be on the outlook, and be careful in noting symptoms." -,S The Treasurer has consented to place a sum of money on the Estimates for the erection of a new post and telegraph office at Castleraaine. A telegram from Ararat, dated Thursday last, says — "Detectives Kenedy and Fook Shing, accompanied by the chief Chinese interpreter, arrested a Chinaman and a European for the committal of ah atrocious capital offence. The purchasers of the wreck of the young Aus tralian (Queensland) have certainly -been favoured by fortune, in a double sense, to an extraordinary degree. The weather (according to the Sydney Morning Herald) has been exceptionally fine for the operations of the salvors, nearly every bale of wool and cotton has been recovered, aud the few remaining are sure to be. The divers engaged to sink the cylinders for the Brisbane bridge are now employed in breaking out the cargo from the lower hold, and it is expected all will be complete within a few days. Amongst the salvage brought up may be mentioned the twenty-five tons of tin ore which formed the first direct shipment of the kind from the colony. Everybody is surprised to find how well the old craft has held together ; but strong as she has proved to be, it would not take many hours of a rough easterly to lay her ribs bare on the shore of Morteon Island. The only portion of the cargo which is expected to be irre mediably lost is the shipment of hides and skiDS. The commemoration of the twenty-fifth anni versary of the consecration to the Episcopate of South Australia of Bishop Short was held in Ade laide on the eve of St. Peter's Day. His Lordship was consecrated at Westminster with Bishop Perry. The clergy and laity of the Adelaide presented to Bishop Short a handsome pastoral staff and an ad dress, to which he replied. The staff is of Gothic design, and is divisible into three parts. The handle is of blackwood, and the topis of silver, chased in the old Gothic style. In the centre of the crook is a silver figure of St Peter having in his hands the key and the Word. Lower down are the crossed keys — one' of gold and the other of silver ; whilst immediately under this is a silver shield, bearing the inscription— " A. Adelaide, The gift of his faithful clergy and laity. St Peter's Day, 1872." Part of the silver is colonial, and the effect of the workmanship is heightened by the many jewels which are set in it, including, amethysts, topazes, and garnets. ...... 