COLONIAL REMINISCENCES. HOW GEORGE SEATON MADE HIS MONEY IN AUSTRALIA. IN 1853, whon so ninny oyo» woro turned longingly toward tho land of gold, nnd ovory young mun beean to think ho hud any .nmount of ruonoy deposited In tho monntalna and valloys of Australia if ho could only go and find it, a party of young men ntartod from Liver- pool with goldon dreams Many of them novor roturnod ; hut tholr friendo heard now and thon of Îirosporlty, and again of ndvornlty, and thou thoy woro oat Bight of, Boino to reappoar aa mombora of tho Legis laturo, bnnlcora, or capitalists ; others lost to mortal hon, ooTored up In tho namolena graves of minors, or wandering ohoarorn or ahophorila, no word over ooming baok to tho anxious watohors who had seorotly hoped no much. Among tho BUooosBful one» who had roturnod after Bovoral yoar3 was n young mon named Uoorgo Seaton. (Ho did not look lilto ono who hail wolldoil tho plok nnd spatio much. Ilia hnmln worofloft, and his complexion fnlr, na though ho had boon in a oountlng-houso or Homo * gontoel omploymont.' Somo of lila old com- rades, from whom ho had soparatod during his roaldonco In Australia, mot him with tho usual question : ' Suo coaaful, Soaton ?' ' Yoa ; reanonnhly BO,' ho would roply ; but thoy novor got beyond that In,JhÍB oonfl denco. Inatond of going Into any buslnosa apcoulatlonn, ho lont his money on good leourlty wont to lila old omployor, solloltot] omploymont, and quietly took his Î>laoo In tho oounting-room. tib was vory thorough n bualnoaa, provldod in tho kindest mannor for an iuvalld alster, on joyed soôlety'in modération, but waa novor knoira to toll a mining oxptolt. Evory question calculated to draw bim ont was quiotly turned aside. QoBOmotlmoa told tho aJvnuturoa of others, butit toon lieoimo rom ar ked that bo novor spoke of his own lifo. Qc ovidontly felt that thia waa all his own .atfuir ; but tho oirolo in whioh ho znovod and hud bia Going, thought othcrwiao. Possibly ho might have hoon spared tho nocossity of divulging tho nccrot of his p^st lifo, If ho had not oommittod tho fearful impropriety of falling In lovo with bia employer's daughter. , Laura Hawdon waa a girl of groat ptldo of olinraoter, not vain and trilling, but with a high oonao of honour, and 0 détermination, novor to marry s> man whoso antecedents would riot bear tho Btrlctost sorutlny. Among hor many suitors, Mr. Beaton Boomod most likely tu carry off tho prizo. Ho wu qniot, dlgni&od;, and by no moana stupid, Moroovor, nor father was woll pleased with him ; for on ono occisión, when tho .eirodit bf bia house noomod lu dangor from a finnnoiai panic In 1862, young Seaton had, in tho moat unobtru alvomannor, oll'orod to pince a largo »um of money at his disposal, and had thus enabled tho houBO of Haw- don to moot tho' shook without ovon n ahiver. Of course, whon tho money waa roturnod and, with gonorous intoroat. Mr. Rawdon oxprossod his surpiiae that Seaton should not speoulato, and thus probably, doablo his moans, with a fow lucky strokes. Ibo quito roply was, 'I know toolitbloof such mattera to risk my small oapital, and profor olowor bat snror mothods of gain.* ' A Bharp buainosa man too,' Mr. Rawdon remarkod to Cummins, tho junior partner. 'Hols abouraoy its; Belf, nnd haa n groat doal of forccaat. I don't under- stand it all. Ho might beeomo n millionaire if ho would only risk a little-it's vory odd. Ho trevor, he ia a safo man, and tho soul of honour.' 'But thoro is soinothing strango about him.-Mr. Rawdon,' said Cummins. * Ha never tells anything of, his antccedeutn. Tho olosoat man alive.' . 1 Oh, aa to that, I huyo known him from a boy. Ho was in our houso na oaah boy, and from that to tho oountlng-room, boforo ho went to Australia. Ho is of good family, though bia fathor mot with reverses and diod poor ; nnd I believe ho supports an invalid slater. Ho ia remarkably oorrcat ; I should say that, in these days, is tho strango thing.' ' But, my dear sir, I am informed that ho has never been known to tell any living man what ho did to ranko his money in Australia. Some of thoso -, whoiorossed tho son with him say thoy have tried to find whore ho waa or what ho was about ; bat he ia aeorot as death. InJeod. I havo hoard hints that,tho matter would not boar, sifting to closely,'said Cummins.. Now Cummins was a young man, and ho" attended clubo and took his. lunoh among fashionable pobplo, and hoard a world of gossip: It wai thought : he had views respecting Miss Hawdon¿ but ho'.was prudently lying off, trusting to hla own advantages in oaso he should not And any moro eligible match. Still, ho moant to koep the ooaat olear of invaders. . ! : 'I should be sorry to think ill of George,' said Mr. I I Rawdon, muslnzlv.- . 1 ;'Of oourao. you'would. " Ho. has done Us a rea favour; but be may havo bad an oyo to somotliioi beyond,', remarked Cummins, artfully. ' Afr. Kawdot lins a daughter, a, faot»o' young men cannot fall t< remember.'' ' " ' ' ' . ' [Mr.'Bnwd'oh was startled by this rude thrust, bm bo .kept' an outward'semblance of calmness aa lu turned to othor topics,' and seemed to ignore tho binti of bis partner. - Bul that evening George palled at hh private house, and as ho oamo into tho sittiug-rooir, with his quiet manner, ond. oat down by Laura, whom eyes said moro than hor.simple words of greeting:. . Mr, Rawdon bogan to think that matters might be mon serious'than ho had supposed.? That his daughter wai interested ho oould hot falito'seo, andas her father bo wna bound to know that'she made no unworthy I ohoice. He bad not foi- a'moment doubted George ttl the conversation' with Cummins, bat now lia was or , his guard." '. '..'I .??. ..'.!," ''.''? ,:" .?< ? With muoh adrbitnoss" tho father managed to tiki part in tho convocation, 'turning it in tho direction ol mining, land grants,' squatting, bUBUrnnging, &o.;, it .Australia, but thoir guest evinced littlo interest in an] of theso topics. Mr. Itawdon finally asked hin direotly of bio own exporionoo in mining to whioh. he brlofly.ropliod, that .niter tho first few months in Ans ' tralin he had no oxporienco, and then, it was only suet as a now ohum ought always, to expect. ' . Ho .hardlj I; made ouough to Bupply tho moat pressing necessities of lifo, and bocamo so ill that he must have, died, bul for tho kindness of another miner, who 'lind got r littlo fino flour out of "whioh ho made him some grao], 'and with goat's milk, he finally bogan to recruit, That was tho end of his mining. ; Mr, Itawdon wantod to ask him what business bo fodnd then, but George had nakod Laura to play a game of ohesa, in whioh the two speedily beonmo quite absorbed, .so ho had to doaist till this waa over, and .thea George roso to leave, Baying ho had promised his. stator to bo homo at an early hour. :Thua many an ovonlng passed. Mr. Rawdon had become anxious about Soaton, for it was olear that Laura.looked upon him,with favour. In tho meantime Cummins was not idle. ' Ho seldom rpet Seaton in socioty, for tho latter never allowed himsolf j to affect fashionable lifo. Bat on" many ohanoo occa- sions ho quostlonod and cross-questioned him of his Australian oxperionco, but without elloitlog any infor- mation. . ' " ' .' '. , . I j At last it began to'be .darkly hinted that a miner, known to have had large stores of gold-dust, had sud dooly disappeared from tho neighbourhood whore : Soaton was said to have boon looated, and all at once his name waa connected with th& Incident iu some mys- terious manner! From suapioion, it carno to accusation, and nt' length, from hints thrown out by Cummins, Mr. Itawdon folt compelled to summon tho young man ' to his presenoe. ; 'Mr. Soaton,'B»id ho in his most frigid, businots manner, ' I understand that your narno hos been con .ncotcd with a¡yery unhappy affair, and I havo Bent for you to give yon an opportunity of dearing yoursolf I from serious imputations, if you can. I refer to your Australian lifo.' ' To my Australian lifo ? I soo no oauso for referring to that. It is n thing of tho past. Howovor obsoure and insignificant I may have been there, I trust to your good sonso and magnanimity to say that I have served you with fidelity »¡nco I came into your counting room.' I 'No ono oan deny that ; but tho pnit of a baso lifo cannot always bc conoenlcd, oven by tho most correct oonduot. I did hopo that yon might olear yoursolf, rather than rosort to any Bubtorfugo.' ' I do not know that it is a mattor of 'much conoern to tho world what lin my obaourity did for a f ow years, Donbtloss the straggle was as hard for mo as it bas beon for many anotbor, and I am not over fond of reourrine to it.' "I havo for aomo timo porocivcd that, young man and permit mo to say that, while I deeply regret tin necessity of tho step I feel compelled to tako, you wit exouso mo for saying that I am not willing my dough toi shall ho compromised by any farther association witt suoh a character.' Tho blood left tho faoo of Goorgo Seaton for at instant, thon his cheeks burnt red. 'A sign of con solnua guilt,' thought his inquisitor. For a momenl ho was silent, then in a husky volco ho attompted ti roply. 'I bad onco hopod, Mr. Hawdon, to soonro youl favour to suoh a degree that I might havo asked you: prrmlsslon to addross Misa Hawdon on a subjcot ver; noar my heart : but I havo soon of late that yon rcgardod mo with distrust, nnd wlthont knowing the causo I have felt that it would bo usoloss to appronoli you till your objections, whatovor thoy might bo, should ba overcome And now it scorns that tho ghost of my old Ufo must riao to doatroy my fondest hopes." * Mr. Seaton,' natd Mr. Rawdon, atornly, . how dared you, with a guilty »corot in your heart obtrude your, solf upon a respootablo and virtuous family.' ' Mr. Rawdon, I did not doom lt a guilty secret. It was an unfortunate ono, perhaps ; jot at tho tima, I folt that I wan quito juatlflod in doing tho only thing that Boomod to stand betweon mo and starvation. My frlond told mo to do it, and I folt his kindness too I dooply to rofuso bia suggestion.' ' Then you had an ncoomplico,' oxolaimod Mr. Raw- don. ' You did not commit the orlmo alono.' ' Orlmo ? Ko. I told you I did not commit a crlmo. As to an accomplice, I do not think that is tho namo to glvo my friend who saved my lifo, and furnished mo with moana to scouro my futuro success. It ls truo I repaid him, but ho saved mo at a time whon I had no Í other friend to whom I oould look. I am suro I havo koon gratoful ovor since.' i 'You perhaps wiall to romlnd mo that our hoùso ls I under obligation to you. I am sorry to bo oompollod to say that wo havo bron oavod by moans of that money ao viloly oblninod. If I Imow how to blot out and fullv cancel our rotations I should ho glad to do so,' ' You oannofc more nliioorcly wish it than I do, I assure you,' ropllod Goorgo, with moro sadness than ntl ger. ' To ha so unfortunate as to inour suspicion and displeasure, whoro ono bad hopod for tho most ontiro coufidonco, ia ono of tho grontcst of misfortunes.' ' * To bo uttorly unworthy and hypocritical is more than a mlufortuuo, young mun. It is adding crimo to crimo. llowovor, I know that you havo boen kind to your slater, and in oonnidoratlon of your fidelity to our Interests, I will venturo to ouggost that you will do woll to aoek soino foreign country, whoro your oarcor will not bo known. You will CXOUBO mo If I tnako this intorviow final. My cashier will band you tho full amount duo from us, and with stately form- ality bo waved tho young man from tho room. George Seaton had long felt that tbcro waa soino impending ovil, but now when tho cloud burst over his hoad, ho oxporlouecd n strango sonso of reliof. ' I might bavo known,' ho soliloquised, ' that theso proud Rawdona would scorn mo, but tbon Laura was kind, vory kind ; nnd her father would bavo boen ns poor na mino wan if I hnd not tided thom ovor-and now whnt thanks I If lt wcro not for fllstor Ornoo I should almost fool Uko giving my lost dollar to found an orphan asylum, and I would try nnd oarn money in somit way that would not be counted a dligraoe. And yot, it's only tho potion of tho thing. If only Laura would not dcsplsp mel' ... When ho roaohod tbo modest cottage that ho oallod ' homo,' ho fouud everything os bright and oheorful as a loving.sister's hand could make it. Grace Seaton dolioato in health, but strong in tho purposes of hor soul, was a woman worthy tho noblest nnd boat devotion of a brother's hoart. Tho misfortunes of the family had wrecked hor hopes, but thoy had never mado her bittor or selfish ; and slnco Goorgo had given so much for her happluoss, she bad novor boon un ob. Borvautof bis. So, whon bo oamo in with the shadow I of Uls great sorrow resting upon him, sho was quick tc poroetvo it ; for, to Goorgo, this undefined mystery I was a decroo of soparatioa from Laura Rawdon, and al] I the ohoriBhod visions of a happy future wore now base . less. Too deliu.Uo to oxprcaa hor sympathy till ho was i ready for it, »ho began to toll him of tho sorrow of a i vory doar friend, who was compelled to go to thc south of Frauoe to attend upon a dying child. ' How I wlnh George, that, you and I woro going with hor,'said sho, 'for, do you remember sho is the friend who sheltered me when father was dead and you were ill in Australia. True, you then paid her the money duo,,but nothing oan eanol my gratitude.' ; 'Well, darling, we . will go,' «aid; Goorgo, ' ^Then does Bhe sall?' .? . , ] ' ' ' \- 'Only ono day after .to-morrow. Hut you do, not really mean it ? You oannot go and leave Mr. Rawdon on'suoh short notloo. And then ibero, ls no time, to get ready.' ..'/ ''' " ' ' -, Í 'Yes, Graoio.'' I am riot-now in Mr. Rawdon'a -employ. My money is wolt invested and wo oan spend a year or two abroad as well as not. It is really what I must desire, so pienso hurry up toa, and I will gb round and tell our friend of our intention.' . ' Graoio obeyed in sllonoe, for she trastod hor brother entirely, ana koo ir that whatever the oauso might bo, .ho at last was free from blame. She had never striven I to pry into anything ' that ' he «ought ' to with- hold ; and BO she - easily refrained from annoying I him with olumsy condolonoo or awkward suggestions. "Yofc sho moro than half gutasod that he had asked fox Laura Rawdon, only to be rofused, and her.pitying natuTO made her tender of touohlug suoh. a wound. George put on his brightest smilos for his sister,' and talked so oheerfully of tho journey that. he almost ohoated himself, even though he oould not impose upon hor. .... . After toa ho oallod upon Mrs. "Weat, bis sister's friend, to announce thou- intention of accompanying her to France. .While he sat with her unfolding his plans, Mlss.Rawdon's card was sont up, and before ho oould exouso himself and rotiro, tho servant had usbored hor into tho room, and so tho two mot. George was about to bow stifHyand rotiro,.bat somehow ho wai arrested by her strange, ongor manner. His pulse boat qulokor for tho onoounter, but he tried to bo vory calm and stately, Mrs. Wost was dolighted to soe her friond, who had just learned of the illness of her old j sohoolmato, and had oalled to saud mesaages of love nnd little tokens of regard. And then Mrs. Wost had j to toll her of, hor unoxpeoted good fortune in tho pros peot of Mr, and Miss Seaton's company. ; , Laura looked up in bewilderment. "Not you, Mr. Soaton ? I am sure my father would nob consent to that. Ho thinks no ono oould fill your plaoo.' Her v'oloo faltered and ho thought her chocks wera a littlo nalpl .?? ' .Than,' thought George, ' he lias not told her,; and > aho atilt respects mp. Yet ho told mo I *vaa no longor a'Qt naaoolato for her.' . 'Both ladies looked at Goorgo. os, he sat awkwardly . biting his moustaobo. . .. . . ' I fear, Miss Hawdon, that you oro not fully in your ' fathor's nonlldonoo. for I am no longor in his employ.' j ,'That la certainly a surpriso,', said, she, supproaeing ' as woll as Bho could tho 'disappointment she would not j willingly.havo betrayed. ' ¿.nd no you' will sail tho day ? sifter ío-ihorrów. Whon will you rotúrn ?' : I ' ' I have no plana aa yet. It may bo a yoar, it may I be .many yoara before I visit my native land. I tool just now ns though I should not oiro'how long, if I could hut csoapo fronv the past.' '- . ' Laura looked up to cnoonntor a goza that scorned to upbraid her, and.yet was full of yearning tenderness. Mrs, Wost had orossod tho room fora momont, and Goomo ronohiog out his hand said, 'LauraHawdon,.I go out from my native land, with ouch a ban upon mo, that If oar your father will not lot you oven nnmo mo ' kindly. ' And yot; if you'oould know my soorot, I feel sure that you would not ' condemn SIB ni togo thor, oven thóughyóa might treat me leas as an equal than you have done.' ' He olasped and' hold for a moment' hor unre- sisting hand. 'Had not your fatbor upbraided mo with my worthlessness, I should have told him of . my Inve for his peorloss daughter, and my hope that she folt-just a littlo kindly.in roturo. But before I bad timo to do thia, ho poured out upon ino such expres- sions of oontompt, nnd forbade my ovon seeking your society, that I resolved at onco to aocompany our friend on ber orrand of lava. May I dare hope that you. will bot utterly despiso mo, and-cost ino out of your regard.' . ' ' It is nil a dark 'mystery, but if you tell mo on your honour thnt you have not boon guilty of anything orirainnl' or dishonourable I will: tako your word against tho world,' ' I have committed no orlmo Laura ; I have violated no true code of honour ; but I cannot say that you would yoursolf feel satisfied with all my course. But should you ever hear ought against mo, please remem- ber that I was n, poor forlorn lad in a land of fearful trials andi temptations. I did tho best I oould undor tho circumstances. Will you boliovo mo, Miss Haw- don?' . Yes George, I will boliovo you.' ' Ho'stopped and kissed her hand, whispering ' God reward you, Laura ; I shall carry this gonorous assertion as a oharm against all evil machinations.' 'George left Mra. West's Uko a man in a droam. Ho now folt sure of Laura's love, and to leavoher nt this crisis seemed like shutting tho gates of Parndiso on himself, nnd going out Into a wido, desolate world all alono. But with BUOII a seorot hanging to him, slapped in his face, pressing behind bis baok, and gibing him continually, would it ba possiblo for him over to bring himself up to such a soolal status that ho could venture iuto tho great world, and hold'up his head ns aman who had claims upon his fellow mon ; nay, as ono who had a right to aspiro to Laura Rawdon. AB ho walkod slowly along, joBtlod by tho over streaming crowd ho heard somo ono call out, ' Hallo 1 if thia isn't Goorgo Sentón 1 How fares it, old boy? You look a littlo trimmer than you did atBondigo. but you doservod success. You stuok to your bis like a man. Novor gambled nor got drunk, anil, considering' ovorything, you served us fair, that you did. Never know you mean or stingy-always givo a feller his mugfull.' And tho rough miner slapped him on tho baok. * Como homo with mo,' said Goorgo, * You cannot tell how glad I am to seo yon, for there waa a story, that you had been put out of tho way. It almost took my breath-tho first sight of you, for I thought of your ghost. But this Bolid arm isn't vory ghostly, is it ?' and ho pat his hand in tho brawny follow's armand marched him off to his residence. As they walked along, Goorgo said to his friend, ' For God's sake, Ben, I hope you will keep my soorot. Nobody, not even my sister, knows how I mado my raonoy, unless somo ono from Bondlgo bas 'poaohed,' and I have never soen anybody that I thought could know ; but I should feel dreadfully cut np if it should get out.' 1 Now, Goorgo, old fellow, I shall do just as you wish ; but it strikes mo you're a littlo thin-skinned. If you had mado it at oaoro or fivo-up nobody would ha' thought any tho worso of you for that : and by thunder if that's so I think a man needn't be ashamed of honest work. But all tho same, my boy ; if you say so, mam's tho word : but yon know groat men havo had to live by eating, and I don't seo asyou nood tobe ashamed of anything you did. By hokey, I was proud on yo, that I wore.' . Goorgo had by this timo brought his friend to his own door. ' If you ploaso I shall toll my sister that you aro tho man who took care of mo when I was slok, und holped mo into business when I got botter. Sho knows so much of my affairs ; moro than that, ploasa do not hint.' * » ' All right, my boy. * Ben Hlokman ain't como from Australia to blow on an old onmrade.' Goorgo brought his friend in, and introduced him to his stater, who rooolved him as her brothor's presorvor., While they wero chatting in tho moat delightful man- ner, a gontloman was announced to BOO Mr. Soaton Goorgo stepped into the ball and met a 'gontloman' belonging to tho Ootootivo polioo, who polltoly informod him that ho was wanted at tho Station to answer to a vory gravo ohargo-no loss than a ohargo of mardoring a minor known as Ben Hickman. : Gcorgo oallod to Bon, and asked him to accompany him an some unoxpoatod business, and tho threo went ont, loavlng Graoo in undoflnod terror. That soorot ot Goorgo's lifo, whioh she had novor dared to invade-how was lt offeotlng him now 7 By n strong off ort of her will, sho maintained'outward com posuro; but her heart was well nigh brooking ns she recalled tho inoldents of tho laat few. hours-Buddonly discharged by his employer, and now oallod away by an unknown man. It oould not bo that ho was amused of ombcszlomcnt. Sho would try to walt patiently. About an hour af tor, sho hoard them returning, and norved borsolf to moot tho worst. Bon Hickman could nob wait for ceremony, but rushed in and throw down his hat, oxolnimtng, 'By golly j beg your pardon, bat Goorgo hero Uko to ba' boen tried for murdorln' and rob- bin' ino ; and of lb hadn't beon for the tarnntlonost good luck he'd had to bo shippod "off a prisoner to Hol- bourne.' Graoo wont un to hor brother and kissed him on. both ohcoks. ' God ls good to us,' sho said. Thon sho shook Bon Hickman by tho hand and said, 1 You havo boon my brothoT'a good nngol moro than once, it seoras. Mny God rownrd you.' Thoy woro hardly soated again whon Mr. Bawden and Laura woro announood. Tho old gontloman had Bomowhat unbent from his former stateliness, and Laura s fnoo was nearly biddon by her voil. Mr. Rawdon cleared hut throat by & f e w stately bena nnd then romarkod that bo wa» glad to bo nblo to ootna and express his delight that his yoang friend, whom ho hod known, for many years, and. had always highly respected, should have been ¡.abloto clear himself of tho imputations whichbad, unfortunately, forushort time rosted upon his character ; and ho hoped ho would forgive him for having, porhnps too hastily, acted upon tbooo auspicious. And now, would ho resume bia placo lu his counting-houso, and lot things go ou ia the old way Î His dnughtor had accompanied him aa a sort of boatago for Iiis good faith- that ia, to »how thath» fully rooantod some harah words that ho had uttered. ' Hostagoa aro uaunlly retalnod,' said Goorgo ; ' and should bo moat happy to aocopt suoh an ono for all time to come. But I will not toko advantage of you generosity. Before I: go furthor, I will oxpois tnt soorot of my We, nud tuon, if you and your daughtir do not doom mo too unworthy, I shall havo afewwordi moro to say, for Mr. Bawdon is, perhaps, aware tait tn two days wo sail for Franco. '? ' Will nothing ohanga your plana, Mr. Seaton fíala Mr. Rawdon. , ' They may be modified, but not materially ohaited, I think. But that depends on how my secret li received. Ben Hickman, will yon toll thono good peo. plo how I mado my money at Bendigo V 'Well, yes ¡ I reckon. It wasn't by killing mlnou and taking thoir gold-dust, und it wasn't by plajlnj any of your, gamea of ohanoo. I don't think George over played B sovon up" In his lifo, I'll tell you. jori I what it waa. Ho mado his money by sticking,ti ll I night and cb\y and soiling cakoa and coffoe to tho dig gera. There, tho blaok secret ls out ! But ho allen ' give UB n good mug full ; and if a fellar waa cleaned on ho never higgled about hil pay. Ho didn't 'xaotly kee| on hotel ; but I bo hanged if ever I got a oup of coff« that tasted better than thom I got in George's »haut] nt Bendigo ; and I maintain that ho came honourabh, by his money ?' ... ' Tho result showed that ovon tho proud Bawdon thought BO, for Laura went with thom to Francs, ai th wifo of the junior partner of the firm of Rawdon tai Soaton. ? ; '.' " 