CANNIBALISM IN A MENAGERIE. _ Three Fijians • were recently being exhibited in a menagerie in America. A Pennsylvaman papor of a recent date says—The museum and men agerie, met with quite a loss on Tuesday-in the death ofthe notorious cannibal dwarf, which occurred at the Pennsylvania Hotel, in this place. Tbe little Fiji exhibited symptoms of indisposition several drfYs ago, and the manager sent the " General," as he is called, to New York, to be cared for, but the little savage becoming retsless in the absence of his associates, he was returned to tbe company. Like all his race he' bad a native horror of shoes and clothing, and even in the wet, cold days tbat came upon tbe company in New Jersey, the manager was unable to force shoes upon the General, and make him dress with sufficient warmth. He refused everything like food or nourishment, and apparently thought of nothing but ' his native land. Dancing or violent gesturing of any kind was always a source of great merriment to tbe General- but now the keeper could not provoke even a smile. Tbe miniature being was dying, and while his keeper was doing his best to eheer him up and make him taken medicine, he fell jack dead. His three native companions, who up to this time were wholly' indifferent, now exhibited all the symptoms of genuine, grief. They howled incessantly, and such fearful pbysiosal contortions , were probalily never before witnessed in a civilised comunity. The scene subsequent sent'a thrill through the few oonversaut . with the facta. Shortly after tbe corpse was placed in the coffin. Inst, evening. Mr S S. Smith, the keeper, lorked the door *upnn the three companions in an adjoining room, and left t.iic building. He states that bo was not nl-sent thirty minutes, but that npon returnine a scene presented itself too horrible for reciti l.. The iwo male associates had gained access to the corpse, and were biting and gnawing nt. the fleshy part of the body with all the eagerness of their native cannibalism.! The female stood aloof in ono corner, and by sign, word and gesture, was entreating them to desist. It, is understood that this woman is a convert to the teachings of English missionaries, and looks with abhorrenoe upon all tbe unchristian habits of her tribe. Mr Smith promptly interfered, and the two miserable beings went'eullenly to their apartment. The remains were quietly buried in the evening. I A G HOST IN A. COAI. PIT.—The present tide ef prosperity iu . the ooal trade . has been disturbed at the Broagbton Colliery, near Wrexham, by the app&rance; of a ghost in the underground woakings, .which has had the cffect of frightening some ef tbe colliers from the pit. None of the men profess to having a sight of the spirit who appears to have taken up his abode in this" vasty deep" but they all confess to having heard at times'the most unearthly sounds, and when they proceed to search for the canse the same -noises are heard in quite an -opposite quarter. The fear tbat has'taken hold of ihe then ts each as to interfere considerably with' the working of the'colliery; »ndlt,shows thal^ colliers, like sailors.Tare, excessively superstitious on tbe ghost question. • " ^ v - As (GOHIOSITT.— A very enrihus old rapier has jist been fished op irom the ied^oftbefieine in front of the Mint. This weaAon^ whicjilbelfniga to^the sixteenth century iB-m§bmS^ly,worked;jao'd bears the arms of MontjAoiKncy. cu* the silver hilt, which is richly- -ornatoenteS -»it1f precious etonpe. is said to be^bout JlSO, but it Would be bard to estimate the priee it will fetch as a curosity. BunicsQ '^Btafi, Ban^aBi.—A- few notices »> a»e recently,Hipeaxad in sume of tbe professi onal j ->urnala, idrawine very favourable attention tu a uew -process jof-buildiiig irith.Bituinen invented by ar J. 'Ii. Nortou, eo. veil Jcnown for bis " Abyssinian" "Wibe wells- JCbis application bittinig'n in'flre place of morter w-tdd apppeai : to tave soite import >n tad van'ivgea... 