CHINESE THEATRICALS To those tired of English plays and Italian opera, a visit to the Chinese theatre lately established on the site of the Haymarket Theatre in Bourke street, will afford by no means a bad way of indulging their ??? Not that there are the e.ot? appliances con ducing to the comfort of the audience, for the visitor to the dress circle expecting a seat on red velvet with comfortable supporters for his back will be greatly disappointed. In fact the greater part of the audience stand during the progress of the piece on theo ground, which is covered with slush, vnried hero and there with rubbish and dilapidated old tines, which had contained fish, kerosene, alnd certain savoury things no doubt in their bett'e days. If he also expected a galaxy of beauty witnessing the performance. another disappointment would await him, and as a logical sequence there was little fashion pre sent, the costumes, save those of the actors, being by no means superb. Those on the stage however, were perfectly gorgeous, and more particularly in a piece recently played, in which the deposition of a king and the crowning of his son was the subject, they were really of a very rich and expensive de scription, of course being all after the celestial mode. Of the performance, save what they can see, the European part of the audience understand little, our Chinese friends not hav ing a libretto ???? of the operatic Italious a little farther up. ???? they know, perhaps there may be a celestial Othello, pouring forth his jealous rage against an almond eyed Desdemona before them, or a comic character making no end of capital puns, and witticisms from a tea and opium point of view. But a tolerably good key to the plot may be gained, by watching the actions of the players. For instance one of the characters imitating a rider would lead one to suppose'a long journey was about to be begun. This seems to have been the cuse, for the rider disappears for a time, and in the end comes back, to find his wife married to a brother Chinaman, to his intense dismay. In the same manner the other different rctious may be guessed at, and we venture to assert that with an enterprising managemeut, and a constant supply of sensational dramas from Pekin or Canton, the Chinese theatre would soon be an institution amongst us. Prean;m ing the play bills were printed in English, we should then often witness a " New melodra ma entitled Hank Iii, in which the principal characters would be su~tained by say the well known actors Ham Let, and Ah Yago, with a numerous staff of supernumeraries, &c.;," who knows. The plot is generally of a sensational character, containing robberies, murders, and the like which are carried out in a very uni que way. Taking the murdersas an example, we will point out the following instanucc to illustrate the evident want of deception Lhere is in stage murders ' la Chinoise. One of' the most terrible, was acted something in this. way. The scene is a darkened room, in which. an old man is slowly.wallting, candle in hand. Enter two robbers, one of whom (evidently the comic character of the piece) knocks up against the ancient gentleman, and in a very coimmon place way stabs him. Down goes the victim, and an attendant immediately r ins with a pillow for his head. It would seem that in China the audience like to see a man (although lie is murdered), have a com fortable head-rest, whereon to die. The two ruffians then contiune their progress about the room in a very unconcerned way, perhaps having a doubt on their minds as to whether they have done anything to anyone or not. lHowever, they finally stumble over the pro:. tiate manu, whom the audience naturally sup pose, has by this time given up the ghost on his easy pillow, but oh no, as soon as the corpse feels the kick of the comic villain, the old gentleman gets up, and walks out, and the scene closes, having left on the minds of the Chinese present a profound impression no doubt, that a horrible murder was coiil mitted. The way the victim got up, forcibly reminds us of the action of Tim Finnigan, when the "dhrop of the liquor" fell on him. The murder or execution in another picee, consisted of a sword being passed over the head of the culprit, which is supposed to de capitate the unfortunate man, and he filhl down immediately, but not minus his head mind you, and a property man runs with a wooden head to the swordsman, who taking it up by the hair, shows it to the audience with a grin, and an expression of (as far as we could distinguish)-Ki I Ki I From the expression one would imagine it was of sati:o faction, although the audience do not applaud are not able to guess whether it is regarded by them as a righteous affair, or the opposite. Space will not allow for a longer notice of the entertainment of the Chinese followers of Thespis ; but it will be at once admitted that John is entitled to his place of' IOlU nsuemiut as well as we are. We believe the proprietors of the affair have moved to St. Kilda, but should they return to their old place in Bourke.street, we should earnestly com mend to the curious a visit to the Chinese theatricals in Melbourne. X. 