UNl'D'E R'` TH E `G'A'SI;I T. That .poeticalB locality known as ,: Piahirmnu'S Bend', isathe rgreat Williamstonian"grievancEnat pie' thL " It is nibt '?iisidered 'sufficiently odorous vernment propose to turn it into a full- blown and thriving 5forcing-place of malodorous, esmells' by concentrating the noxious trade? id that delightful iocalityi!. NddrKftiw ds airi'tibii5'lly' dnitted to be unplasant, evin here'ioin illiamstowui though we have t'lemi in their native.purity at present'; but how will it be when we are-choked with hot winds, richly impregnattrd; with the disgusting ecrsen?oof some twenty or, thirty. objetionable manufactoriies. ,Williamatownu ii' that', case, I ahouldithhgine,; wuld be a perfect; paradise pon eait.:..Only last Sunday evening,' any onewalk ing ioagin th' 1'Front must ,have been absolutely sickened'by the horrible efiluv?i which the north wiid"brought" over this toirn.?iThe .foresaid atendchprocepde..?pparently from-one-or-it-may be two establishments already located in the above mentioned place fGoiodness only knows,. it!was had enoughli then.; .ut what, may , ask,.will it be when there are notione or two but dozens of' these placese all-reeking-with--foul- odors;taintinga-thl very air with esti.lence,?and, pourig their accu mulated foulness into the river Yarra, thence ptr. suing ita~oisome, way, until it. accumulates?upon our shares here right'under our nsoses anid 'remains riekibg'fird'ttiliking, tila ng jpoitsonous vapours m n oir,m~ d-bankspiers, find breakwater, to .he rthtlcjtj evicry'recuring tide upon our shmor-a hing 'te'iorriid.'jihantoan Pestilence, wliho \- ever on the alert for victims, aided by his grim agents, Fever and Cholera, iho iti"outstretched wriggs will hover o'er doomed Williamstown? 'It has been urged as a reasonin favour of Fiaher. man's send the, very fact-of the noxious trades beogeettled so closeo to the centres of population will etsure the united.co-operation, of Melbourne, Saiiddlge, Emerald Hill, and Williamstown in ls'lobid'to" find its way ultimately into the'Yarr tow'b thence'distributed over the surface of the wat"betebi Wiliamutomr; n. and' :'andridge, so that during hot~winds we s'sould be in purgatory while those inds continue'd, and we chould 'aewan hav'e.the :de.rse and gcum floating about' i i fts blhckn slakeninggreasy slilneness npon 'our shores, to hid stirred .i in its foulness by'every p?asaing steamor, no matter where or:in what diretion the wind might he. At a meeting held in the Me chanios'. Institute upon the subject on Tcesday eve.ing l~t it was unanimously resoliodt that the Williamstown racecourse:be recommended to the Goverp?ent.as a suitable site for the establishment of noxious trades, provided no more suitable places could be found. This; I venture to assert, is a far n uitable, site than the Bend, so far as Wil liaiown ie, concerned, because he supervision could ~ h strctly c:arried out as well there as at the Bnid?'ltheigh it is. to be borne in mind W1illiams toW~ i 'uld have to cope.single-handed, u!assisted byjik' ther' dibub, who would be quite content idnhaving' thaoniisance ehifted from their own doors? and therefore would leave WVilhanistewn to fight her own battles. Aitthier object''i'ould be gained (which, by-the-bye, was strangely ov'r looked at 'the meeting), viz., the increased traffi upodn the Government Rlailway liner, 'whilst the benefit to .Williamsiown would be the fact of hav ing.ieome !5l O or 2000 people licated near or among us~,'nd forming iu'time asuburb' of Wil liamstown, One thing is quite certain, the noxious trades must b. placed ebmewhere, and the Chief Secretary has decided that that somewhere shall be Fisherman'a Bend, unless .some more suitable site is recommended, thus placing Williamstoun in the awskward predicament of naming another site or aiu~nitting 'jlier fate. . The thing lies in a nut sh.' I it to be 'Fiaherman's Beun or Truganina, or some more suitable place ! Well, tihe Chief- Se cretary as ioven us one fortnight to secide; if at the end of tilta time no, other site is suggested, slheriaiiin's Deid is to be gazetted, therefore we ha id'notiile to lose, anid the lesser of two evils, I tak?itak ise ertainly the V Wllianistown racecduirae. Mr Iglis etetealat the meeting thiat there iwere lifteda sites praoggesd, and Mlr; P10ulo of Wdiliaaus town bneggsrod I;rul"'se one other, riz., the B~s uidal Ga oUno o At'H illimsetowan, he Cidently son sidering t iiaid gardeins the mostobuoxiousplace in this on i Oda b~oro d li' r.rhaps he ain t"for , ng, fter..a ; for if it is not a proper uigt, itui acnhetrepsrJyinterestipgone.., ,;ui : 'e .u-,.The .weother.fot the pat .few'weekiF his had a m'ost ipedlir effeet i'n theI biiois thiemperamnitas of some people in our town, and p' iaper. pel ta*t of the bai, have eiUffying thitck Anc fast. .Ha ae not the readers o the Chroncle been treated with &a;,couple ofliterary.free fights or pugilisti'cncoun ters upon paper? First'and -fortemot,1 oitr 'worthy 'frlend," Mrs. Plonghsharel has" een- somewhat 'roughly iandledand hauledi over the coal; receiv ing hot coffee (without, the: pistols); then follows oor .worthypastor, the .l-evered . George, 'who rushes into'rint iin defeice of lioSi opathy throw ing his figures'of spieei aboit'it ieckless indif ference, utterly annihilating our esteemed health officerwith nthe " clamor cot Ilond'reproaches. Our doctor refused to be thus smashed, and object strongly to' having cold'waterthrown over"him, so'he retaliait' by writing aver3 severe letter, verging uponi te sublime terific, tragic, poetical, an last, not leiat, professionaL n .The doctor fliie from !! frozen Zembl: to the sonthern'pole," to'the *Ui~ntught' savage of the ifrican wilds " then heris ths e t" gic- a vin lef' the ,African wi's, his conscience is tr led, and lihnted niy mid night dreamstortured.my .hours ot seclusion, em bittered iy cup of pieacet, and in 'very fetal sc~ne risen ilike Banquno'.' ghost to e i eonfirnf- ;, e th winds and iwaters of the"angryceai wold u braid ie, with his death; the evening Zephyr as it sighed l er tbut one, intonation,', &c.;.Anthor .of "StrayThoughts, "where' are yon now?.!?leware lest yoir lanrels be wrested frum yon by 'r wothy doctor. Ho- evr,l 1 am truly iiorryýrt ho efidtology nnd'niedicinie;at'variance.o': Let us 1.othiiil b'tifid,forth'ey oaight to go hiand in hand to " Mlndfulotthis In friendship let aus join a ..,l i. If Heaven our steps to foreil lands incline, My guest in Aeros thou, ahdTii.Lycla thlne., In Ai. L R:iEnoefhofTrojamn tothi?atticesald! yield -'*",' ',,s ; i?nthe' fl harvest ofyo aIleleld;,C t"l''"'., ,,. Enough ot Ireeks shslldyethy lance with goret. i' Biit" thou snd Diomed be foes no more. .l!,,. t Matters political, are, remarkably quiet just at pre"ent, and members generally are enjoying themn sclves';in tarious ways iduiing'the"reciss." Mr DiDffyin his retiremen;t"At Sr3irciid i-is health. With regard to this latter igentleman ther s a rmoar'abtroad to the effect that. the. ChiefSecre itaryia; n the point of, rtiring: from ofiiialflife, his failinge health rendering ti-ch'a step: necessar Beside,- 'Mr.; Dufly is 'well awai:re' liit'at the toria and is now.I , iihe. nith'i his?ower,,,How 'lopn he may remain so, it is difficult to say ,there fore like'a wise tactician,' he resigns whilst in:the height of histglory, and retires gracefully, covere with lanreIls" His sucessor in office has been me'n tioned in the liersn-offhie oHn.J. Al. Grant. 'How far theaahove may be 'tra;-I 'klow not; but such is the latest political canard cut. . . ;With reference to the Williamstown Licensing ,Bench' lately:; appointed, - Messrs. McCallulim and Mason were elected, in conjunction with the iolice magistrate, Mr. Mollison, as the three licesing iiistratos reqasred bythe.Act. . So far, sogood; but the Act still requires something more, and that: something is-That a magistrate, in order to en title him'to sit upon a licensing bench, must not be possessed of any interest, directly or indirectly, in ay'ihotel. Such being the case, how is it that one of the above-named gentlemen was elected when it is known that he is agent for two if not three hotels in Williamstown. -If 'uch is the case- as I am led'to believe it is-then I say Mr. Mason's position asi menimer of the licensing bench for .\Williamstown is untenable, and he ought to resign in the interests of the public. An individual, who stated ,that h had jus come from Adelaide by the Aldinga, having been employed " sticking-up telegraph poles," appears to be a bit of a wag, as he continued his " sticking up'J propensities here in 'Melboarne, by aslaulting" a man named Fitzpatrick. He tired in-heavily, and woild hare robbed him of, all he posss??sed which amounted ui the magniliceut sum of Ld., but the pole-ice steplpd in and rtopped his little game _"le- was itumanded till Thursday, in order that inquiries might be made about his telegraphic uperatiou ; in fact, it was a clear case of " lowho steals my purse steals trh ; - " S8teis'that whichlsn't hils, and enricheth film niiot " But Ieas imo poer indeed. , Trwes mins, 'taint his, nor nobody else's, But mine own."?-Shakeslearc Imjrvrrl. ' " Si much for eightpence. Owners of'racehorses, take heart of girce. A new oil for horses has been discovered. If some of the oirners of the losers at, the late meeting on the Williaimstown racecourse had only procured this magic atticle and anointed their respective animals with it, what might they not have done? The oil'lias a ineni, and is extensively advertised in the sporting papers. The name then by.which this- magicl preparation is known is simply- Weurciathenipponskelesterizo. It is, I believe, an exceedingly cheap preparation, because it takes two bottles to contain the name, and therefore you get double allowance for your money. We have, gained something after all from the eclipse expedition. Our £3000 was not spent in vain. Two members of the expedition observed a foiur-legged' tish, something like a lizard, with the body of.a fish,. which, when placed upon the sky. light of the:stenmer, stood up on its four legs "a aight to behold." Then again ther discovered tortoise-shell rats on some wonderful island they visited. Then they saw some gigantic pelicans, seven or eight feet high. This was too much even for scieoue, and both gentlemen who observed these enormous birds were quite content to put down what theis saw as the result of a M~4it. '?th bl far the n.rs'abi b di ovdTgy adW w ly the iulivdliao' wi ove e prtciou tones, one of which ha been cut and mounted hero in Melbourne,: anri s *describedl'a an ipial worth £30 w'hilst e; aierý ias represntedjrs being of an 'unkiow' iii'ce, and One of'th'liri?rt opal. ever found. They were foundsomewherelbetween Sydney and ,Brsbane hb preecsejlocality _eing kept a secret.~~ If:thidiscovery.thurn out.righlt,. then we have not spent our £3000, in vain. 