, PHANTOM .ARMIES.. - On tfcfe 29th of Jauuaiy, 1719, a Scottish gentleman; named Alexander Jaffray, Laird of Kingswells, was riding ecrossja piece of wide aad waste moorland to the westward of Aberdeen, • wbea, about 8 o'clock in the morning, he beheld—to hie great alarm and bewilderment, as he states in a letter to hie friend Sir _ Archibald Grant of Monymusk (piinted by the Spalding Clnb)—a body of about aeven thousand soldiers drawn Up in front of him, all under arms, with colors uncased and Waving, and the drums slung on the drummers' backs. A clear morning sun was shining, so he saw them distinctly, and also a commander who lode along the line, mounted on a white charger. Dubious, whether to advance or to retire, and sorely perplexed as to what mysterious army this was, the worthy Laird"of J&ngBwell; and a companion, an old Scottish soldier, who served in Low Country wars, reined in their horses, and continued to gaze on this unexpected array for nearly two hours ; till suddenly fie troops broke into marching order, and departed towards Aberdeen, near which, he adds, the hill called the Stockett took them out of eight," Nothing more was heard or seen of this phantom force until the 21st of the ensuing October, when -upon the same ground—the then open and desolate whitemires—on a fine clear afternoon, when some hundred persons were returning home from the yearly fair at Old Aberdeen, about two thousand infantry, clad iu blue uniforms faced with white, and with all their arms shining in the evening sun, were distinctly visible; and after a space, the same commander, on the same white charger, rode slowly along the shadowy line. Then a long "wreath of smoke appeared, as if they had fired, but no noise" followed. To,add to the marvel of this scene, the spectators, who, we have said, were numerous, s»w many of their friends, who were coming from the fair, pass through, this line of impalpable shadows, of which they could see nothing until' they came to a certain point upon the moor and looked back to the sloping ground. Then, precisely as before, those phantoms in foreign uniform broke into marching order, and moved towards the Bridge of the Dee. They remained visible, = however, for three hours, and only seemed to fade out or melt gradually away as the sun set behind the mountains. " This will .puzzle the philosophy," adds the laird at the close of his letter the baronet of Monymuey; " but thou needest sot doubt of the certainty of either." Almost the same ground where the Laird ofKingswelle saw the second army of phantoms, and doubtless resulting from the same natural and atmospheric causes, a similar appearance had been visible on the 12th of februaty 1643, when a great body of horse and foot as jf under arms on the Birgmman Hill. Accauried with matchlock, pike, and morion, they looked ghost- like and misty as they skimmed through the gray vapor about 8 o'clock in the morning; but on the sun breaking forth from a bank of cloud they vanished, and the green hill-slopes were left bare, or occupied i>y sheep alone. Much about the same tikie, another army was seen to hover in the air over the: Moor of Forfar. "Qohilkis visions," adds the Commissary Spalding* "the people* thocht to be prodigious tokens, and it fell out owere trew, as may be seen hereafter." Many such omens are gravely recorded as preceding and accompanying the long •truggle of the Cevenant, and the fatal war in which the three kingdoms were plunged by Charles I. and his evil advisees.. In 1638 fairy drums wereheard beating on the hills of Dun Echt, in Aberdeen- Aire, according to the narrative of the panon of Bothiemay; in 1643 we hear the noise, of drums " and apparitions cf armyes" at Bankafair, in the same county* V The wraith of General Leslie in his buff-coat, and on horseback, carrying his'own banner with'its bend azure and three buekles on, appeared on the summit of a tower at St. Johnstown. Science now explains such visions as the •rial Morgana, produced by the reflection of real objects on a peculiar atmospheric arrangement; but then they were a source of unlimited terror." Low, in his ^Memorials," records that, in 1676, 6 .-wondrous star blazed at soon on the hi)} of Oxagunnock, and a great army of spectres was seen to glide along the hills near Aberdeen. In 1744, a man named D. Stricket, when servant to Mr. Lancaster - of Blakehilla, : saw 'one evening, about 7 o'clock, a troop of horse riding leisurely along Souter Fell, in Cumberland. They were in close rank®, and ere long quickened: their:pace. As this man had been tbsrplj ridieBied as the aoljt&iy; beholder of & sjwtre iots^aian in the same place in the :yrewung :jeaiv he wafcbeti watched theij ateasu^Jttoapm ^ ,-aaroatPBe<t im master frooitbfc.houftp4u look too. JJat ^rtr'Bfcriekfct what was to be teen, diacotered &B; __ «riflJ troopers" _ whosj^ appearance waa.as^ksniv rabble to kunf' «» his servant. ""'jleBe viekmary! horsemen seemed to come "from the ioweet part of Souter Fell, and became viable .at a place named Knott; they moved in successive troops or squadrons along the side of the Fell till they came opposite to Biakehills, where they went over the mountain. They thus described & kind of curvilinear path, their first and last ^appearance being bounded by the mountain." They: were two boors in sight * and "this phenomenon was seen by every -person (twenty-six in number) in every cottage within the distance of a mile," according, to J the statement j attested: before a magistrate by Lancaster j end Stiieket. on the 21st of July 1745. j During the middle of last century; a toll-keeper in Perthshire affirmed on oath, before certain Justices of the Peace, that an entire regiment passed through his toll-gate at midnight; but as no such force had left any town in the neighborhood, or arrived at any other, or, in fact, were ever seen anywhere but at hi? particular turnpike, the whole story was naturally treated as a delusion; though the Highlanders sought in some way to connect the vision with the unquiet spirits of those who fought at Culloden, fofr there the peasantry aver that " in the soft twilight of the summer evening, solitary wayfarers, when passing near the burial mounds, have suddenly found themselves amid the sa;oke and hurlyburly of a battle, and could recognise the various clans engaged by their tartans and badges. On these occasions, a certain laird of Culduthil was always seen amid the fray on a white horse, and the people believe that once again a great battle will be fought there by the clans; but with whom, or about what, no seer has ventured to predict." A Healthy Individual.—The following is the last thing written by the late Artemus Ward -.—" Ontil quite recently I've bin a healthy individooal. I'm nearly sixty, and yit I've got a muskle into my arms which don't make my fiats resemble the tread of a canary bird, when they fiy out and hit a man. Only a few weeks ago I was exhibiting in East Showhegan, in a b'ldin' which had formerly been occupied by a pugilist—one of them fellers which hits from the shoulders, and teaches the manly art of self-defens. And he cum and said he was going in free in coneekena of previ'sly okepyin sed b'ldin*, with a large yaller dog, He sed, ' Do you want to be ground to powder ?' I sed ' Yes, I do, if there is a powder grindest handy.' when he struck me a disgustin' blow in the left eye, which causcd that concern to at once close for repairs; but he didn't hurt me any more. I went for him energet'cally. His parents lived near by. and I will simply state that illteen minutes after I'd gone for him, his mother, seein' the prostrate form of her son approachirt' the house onto a shutter carri'd by four men, run out doors, kerfully looked him over, and sed, 'My son, you've been fojlin' round a thrashin' masheen. You went in at the end where they put the grain in, come out where the straw, and then got up in the thingumajig and let the horses trod on you; didn't you, my son You can imagine by this what a disagreeable person I am when I'm angry." The Axe Stoey.—The London Fun tells the following in a capital American vein of humor:—Wal I reckon about the idlest chap I ever knowed, was a chap they called Long George, down to Red Pine. He had a bit of ground alloted to him that was some timbered. I was running a post at that time on- a pony between the mines and the post-office, and so I passed his location every now and then, and noticing that he was always sot on a log doing nothing, I hail'd him, and asken Mm why he didn't begin to clear his patch. "Wal, he said, he hadn't nary an axe, but that an old mate of his had got the nest lot, and he reckoned he'd loan him his when he came. Time went on, and he still sot doing nothing about three months more; I asked if his mate had come. He said Pete had arrove about a month ago, but as Pete had his own clearing to do he had made up his mind not to ask for the loan of the axe till it was done. Next spring when I came by, I asked if Pete hadn't done his clearing yet, and he said with a mournful shake of the head he guessed he had for & bit, for he had took ilL So I said, I reckon he could have the axe now,, but he said he didn't want to bother Pete while he wasn't we'll. That autum when I passed again, I asked how Pete was, and he said he was pretty well about now, for they buried him about a month ago. "How about that axe?" said I. He up and said that Pete had left ithim> but he wouldn't go sloshing round about a trifle like that while the widow was just in the first bust of her bereavement. The following summer when I saw him he was sitting on the log. "Been for that axe yet?" said I. " Wal, I guess," said he, " the widder's married again, and I ain't been introduced to the new boss yet, and he mightn't like my going for the axe just now." About the begining of winter, as I was returning from the mines, I overtook a little paily going East, and fell into conversation with ? em; and one woman said to me as we were parting- Say, stranger, when you go back to the mines next time will you just stop at long George's—I forgot co tell him aB the axe my last old man left him is lying -at Brown's store." So next time I passed I told the critter. He said he would go and fetch it in a day or two, but, bless yon, when! passed agin there he was on. the log. Wal," B£ja I, " whar's that '**®?" "Why,.at Jem Brown's," Bays he. "Thought yen tad been to fetch b-asjml *So I did," rays he, "but raee aa Sen Brown,foadUfee trouble; o' it for 'felt it only proper 4o-.maketJiiw 8oine ^ara--£o—=wal we drank that ase between us." I larfed ^f 1 ??®' and the _ peit ""tune I 3 - brought him young oak sapling and planted it, I, "That'll be just the size for an axe-helve by the time you've got a head for it. "Thank ye stranger," says he, quite satisfied; and it's my belief he's a-eetting there etill, watching the darned thing grow. Splitting the Diffebencb.—A chap, the other day, asked his sweetheart if he might be permitted to encircle her in his arm?, and give her au affectionate hug. " Ko," said she, " I can't allow that, but I'll tell you what I will do; I'll split the difference with you—you may kiss me." A fireside tale—the cat's. Jewish "Psgliskmek.—The Jewish Chronicle of December 31, taking a review of the closing year, thus refers to the position of the community it represents aa English citizens —" In the hours of trembling, almost agonizing suspense through which the nation has been passing—the hours of the perilous sickuess of the first gentleman in this realm—the Jews, first of all Her Majesty's subjects, took the initiative in offering up prayers for the stricken Prince. Their loyal affection and their pious mode of manifesting it have called forth the eulogistic notice of the leading journal of the land, and formed the subject of au eloquent passage in a sermon which the Chaplain of the Prince of Wales recently preached in the presence of the Queen and her royal daughter-in-law. In tta majority cf our Synagogues daily prayer was offered for the Prince's recovery. It was a Jewish gentleman —Sir Moses Montetiore—who entertained the happy thought of asking his brethern in the Holy Land to liffc^up their supplications on the sacred soil lor the English Prince; and, puttiag his idea into execution by the aid of the wonderworking telegraph, Asia echeod back the orisons of England in the hour of tribulation and trial. There are two other events which occurred this year, and which may be considered as strong evidence of the frank and free acceptance of Jews as citizens of this State by their fellowcountrymen, and of the t horough compre hension of their national position by Jews. We refer to the adoption of Sir David Solomon's Bill by the Legislature —a Bill admitting the claims of Jews to exceptional legislation by reason of their religious exigencies; and to the nomination of Mr. Jessel to a post in the Executive Government of the country. Thus the year has had its effect in cementing the bond of national connection between the Jews of England and the State. In every national joy in every national danger, in every national anxiety and national hope, we Jews of England bear our part. We are not only in England—we are England. We are not only English Jews—we are Jewish Englishmen. „ is our boast and our pleasure and pride that we can claim and fulfil the duties of Britons without sacrificing our Judaism—without neglecting its observances, without abandoning its sacred claims, its sacred privileges, its sacred hopes. The realization of thoBe hopes lies in a far future—perhaps in a future not of the present social, worldly system. For that future we must patiently await, always striving to deserve it. But our love 'for our faith does not in any way check or weaken our love for the laud of our birth. Her interests are ours." Boat BaciNG.—LA Hongkong (China) the annual boat races id connection with the men of war of all nations in that port Jcame off. Amongst the races was one between the crews of the German warship Hertha and the English ship Nassau, in which the former beat the latter by one minute. Immediately afterwards the English crew sent a challenge to the Germans for another race, but to exchange boats between the two crews. This was accepted and the Germans were again victorious. The rejoicing on account ;of the double victory was so great that a subscription was immediately started for the purpose of presenting a suitable present to each one of the gallant Jack-Tars, which was handed over in the shape of a handsome gold watch to each one on the following Sunday.— Eveb Gheex.—"Jeff, why am vou like da cedar r" " I guvs it up, Sam ; I can't tell ye." " Case ye Btays green both summer and winter." Cologne Paper. 