. A TAJOS OF HOEROH. ' A GEXTLEMiN Damed Leadbetter,ahop I merchant residing in ODS of the western ; counties, had for many years made fl practice of attending tue great annual affair at Weybill, as a purchaser of the commodity in which he chiefly dealt. It happened on one occasion that he arrived at tho inn to which he always went some hours later than usual; and ' on going into the house he learned, to [ his regret, that BO much company had ! arrived before him that every bed was \ engaged. Bather than go to any house ! to which he was a stranger, he ! dedBkioed to have a bed made up on i somPchairs in the travellers' room. Mrs. ) Sytuouds, the laadiady, was about to j carry this arrangement into effect, when she happened to recollect that there WM j aa ostler's room in the yard, which possibly Mr. Leadbetier might prefer to sleeping in a room where be would be ! liable to be disturbed very early in the ' morning. To this .the gentleman j willingly acceded ; and after some short i time he passed ' up the gallery in the yard, which led to the apartment, and [ retired to bed. Sleep lent its leaden I influence soon to the weary traveller, j and be reposed soundly, until a strange I noise in tho gallery vthich he had ! ascended roused him into sense again. ; The noise was' that of an extremely heavy footstep. Mr. Leadbetter counted every step ; and, to hts alarm, the souud increased, until the cause of it reached the door of his apartment. In an instant a tall and gaunt figure I entered the room, with a candle in one ! I hand, and a butcher's knife fn the other. I Mr. lt. attempted to speak, but his voice] failed bim, and the figure approached1 the bed. It shook the horror-stricken, map ; then drew the knife several times acroBB his own throat ; went to e table in the room, set down the light, and im- mediately quitted the place. Mr. Ii.: began to breath again ; he imagined, after a few minutes, that he bad been1 dreaming; and yet tbe candle and candlestick on the table were no ! phantoms.they werepalpablerealities. He, instantly rose with an intent to lock the ] door, but found that it was without lock j or bolt, and that there was nothing else in the room but the bedstead of any weight. As this fortunately ran on castors, he rolled it to the door, and thinking himself tolerably safe from further intrudion, he endeavoured to go ' to Bleep again. But sleep would no more revisit his -eyelids; -and ie lay tossing about until, in about an'hour, he heard the same sounds which had before alarmed him, renewed on the gallery stairs, and in a few seconds, the door of his room being'pushed with great vioterjs&Ais; bed was rolled into the middle apartme^and again the horrid figure stood-^DMpre him! The faculties of sDee&Jjjgul; motion now forsook Iiimvv;^3it» ; the figure shook him Jag»», with fierce gesticulation, find again drawing the knife across its throat, Mr. Lead- j better obsafted that marks of blood were on the blade, which were not there i before Í It then passed away from the ? room, and the retnainder of Mr. Lead better's sense fled with it ; tie swooned,1 and remained for some time insensible. As soon as he came to himself Ile put on the best speed his agitation,-would i allow, and descended into the yard of the inn. Ia a atable there he saw a light, and on approaching it, found a man dressing down some horses, to whom he communicated that something particular had happened, and that he must hare Mr. and Mrs. Symonds called up immediately. .The landlord came down ;. and on expressing his apprehen- sion that Mr. Lead better was. very ill, as his looks seemed to indicate, was in- formed that -indeed be was not well, i Mr. L. proceeded to relate all that had happened to him, and concluded by expressing his firm conviction that some horrible murder had been committed ! on the premises ia the night. Mr. Symonds aa*- hearing the tale was 'scarcely leBS alarmed than the relater. The house was quickly roused by the terrors of the host and hostess ; and the business of the fair was almost for- gotten in the wonder excited by the story, which lost nothing by repetition to the several guests of the inn, as they successively inquired into the cause of the early disturbance. At six o'clock the ostler, whose room Mr. L. had peca. ; pied, arrived from a lodging which he had got in the tows, on being turned out of his usual bed. Much pleasure was expressed on seeing him, " Why," said he, " I'll lay my life I know the ghost, very well; it was tho deaf sod dumb fellow that comes to help me to kill the pigs, and who always comes up to my room to call me when we have one to kill !" The murder was out ! " It was indeed the deaf sod dumb fellow, i who had made an appointment with the ostler to kill a pig at four o'clock in the morning, and who, thinking the ostler ¡ lazy, had gone first to awaken him, and a second time for the same purpose, j after he had stuck the pig. | 