JOTTINGS FROM MY JOURNAL. Br LIONEL HAHDEJG. V No. IL FROM CLAIRE TO ADELAIDE. " Come to a gossip's feast, And came with ine."-SJiotrpearr* It is lialf-past 3 when I leave Auburn. The dark clouds are coming up in heavy masses, the wind moans dismally through the trees, and, in sailor language, we shall hare a dirty night. We have had. any amount of dirty sights lately, but this promises to be the most dirty of them alL We have a long journey before us, . I must make Tarlee to-night, or, if possible, Tempters. It is raining. " a very wall of waters," so I push on at almost railway speed. My horses warm to their work, and we get over the ground in fine style. On every side the same bright promise of a glorious harvest, the crops luxuriant in richness-acres and acres of wheat springing up on every hand, clothing the country for miles round in a brilliant raiment of the brightest green. Spring-time in the fields ana winter overhead; a cold, nippiD^, angry wind, reminding you of England in March-, a dark, damp mist, like November fogs; the roads a sea of nmd, and full of shoals and pitfalls. In half an hour we reach the township of Rhynie. It is by no means an inviting looking place. Charles Dickens must have had it in his mind's eye when he described Eden in Martin Chuzzlewit. There has been a great sale here to-day, and the place is full of local farmers and their wives and daughters. They are talking loudly of their bargains and the weather. The hotel; where I stop to ask my way, is crowded with as miscellaneous an assortment of humanity as I ever saw gathered together within four walls. There is a gentleman with a broken nose and a fiddle standing at the door; his friend comes out and tells me in confidence tli&t; the fiddler is drunk. I wont answer for the fiddler, but I will for the friend. In my register of indisputable facts I have noted, as Launcelot Longstaff has it, that all modern music is but the mere dregs and draining of the ancient, and that all the spirit and vigor of harmony have entirely evaporated in the lapse of ages. Oh! for the chants of the Naiads and Dryads, the shell of the Tritons, and the sweet warblings of the mermaids of sfncient dayB! Where shall we seek the Amphion who built wfalls with the turn of his hurdy-gurdy ? ? the Orpheus who made stone to whistle about bis ears, and trees hop in a country dance, by the mere quivering of his fiddlestick? Never in my life did I hear a fiddle utter sucji awful sounds as the one I was com pelled to listen to at Rhyme. Imagine a bagpipe out of tune attempting to give ex pression to " Come into the garden, Maud," a torn cat making love on the roof-tops, a Jews' harp, and a penny trumpet all ham mer and tongs together, and you can form a slight idea of the tortures I endured at that hotel. " He's not doing his best now," said his friend; " but when he s right he CAN make it talk*" I said I had not the slightest doubt of the gentleman's musical talents, and expressed my gratification at the treat afforded me. " Oil! you are quite welcome," hereplied. "If you want him to come out bold, just ask him to play ' The blind soldier to his mother.'" ^ ' I had no desire particularly that he should "come out;" in point of fact, I would rather he should have "gone in," but Ij stretched a point and requested to hear "The blind soldier to his mother." I did hear it, and sincerely hope never to hear it again. " He's a stunner at it, aint he ?" said his friend. I acknowledged that he was a stunner " If you ask him to take a glass of ale, he'll give 3rou ' The Last Rose of Summer,' and 'The Harp in the Hair.'" . I called for the ale, but declined the in fliction of more music. " Can you direct me," said I, "to a township called TarW He came into the road and pointed to a church on the hilL J * Do you see that yonder church." I told him I saw the church distinctly. "Well, then, drive round that there church, and keep on till you come to Harley'e paddock, then keep the road for * couple of miles and turn round by Jackson'* cottage, and then you can't go wrong." I thanked him for his lucid explanation, but never having heard of Messrs. Jackson or Barley (these names are my own inven tion) I suggested the remote probability of my making some trifling-mistake. \- " The night's coming on, And tho wind's blowing cold." As he turned to go into the bar he re peated'his information : " ¥outurn down by Barley's paddock, and then you can't go wrong." And that's the sort of information I in variably got when I made inquiries as to the road.. It was quite dark, and blowing big gon% when I reached the township of Tarlee. A comfortable hotel in this same town ship, a roaring fire blazing in a snug sitting room, another roaring fire in the tap-room* ditto in the kitchen with a suggestive smell of eggs and bacon, to say nothing of fried steak and onions. A comfortable place to come to after a long, dreary drive; a pretty, j smiling landlady, with. the fattest baby I [ ever, saw, ready to welcome us. A jolly 1 place to stop in for a weaiy traveller, so take out the horses, dear boys; I shall rot here to-night, 41 And take my case in mine own inn*" PiU qu more 'voodjlbc wind is chiR» But let it whistle as it will, "We'll keep our Christmas merry stflL Christmas is not exactly the word atthig season of the year; but taking the weather into consideration, I am not far out; at any rate as I have written it, let it stand. Sunday morning. I want to reach Adelaide to-night, so I start at daylight. I don't like travelling, on a Sunday, but necessity's stem law compels me. It is a cold wretched morning, the rain is pouring down with relentless frny, the wind howls above like. an angry monster thirsting for my blood. My traj> has been out in the storm all night and is water-logged; the cushions are suffering from dropsy-they give me a shower batn when I sit down upon them. One of my horses refuses to travel on the day of rest; we argue the matter in a friendly spirit, and I persuade him to depart. He is a cantan kerous animal, and shows his disgust bv standing on his hind legs and dancing a war dance for a quarter of an hour by the rail way clock. I must get to the Light and then on to ? Templers for breakfast ; away to Gawler, and take it easily into the "holy-city." I'm not sure whether ^I^ave the quota-' tion correct or not; but it's all the same in the long run. ~ We arrive at the Light in good time. The sun came out for a moment as we drove up to the door of the hotel; but having evidently-forgotten Bamething particular, he went in again to loon for it, and drew Hie blinds: down in the shape of the pall-like funereal clouds I have ever seen. We are onthe road again in atwibMing, but the wind blows so strongly, and the tain pelts us so unmercifully, we can make-but little headway. I would like to have Mark Tapley with me; if he or any one else could be happy under the circumstances, I*ma Dutchman. »_ What in' the name :of -all the devils that plagued St.. Anthony Js the matter with my cantankerous steed this morning ? He is not'eontent with dancing a war dance, but the malicious wretch is evidently ' bent upon practising acrobatic ? feats '; twice has he attempted to staMd on his head, and when I remonstrated ^ith Jum on the .absurdity ,of his behavior hewaiated to take a seat inside; inneh to the disgust * and alarm of my fair companion and^tfr. Adonis, who has a cOmfortabie position be hind (?). He suffers dreadfully from chill blaius and cramp; .hut consider}^ he is sitting on water, and nearly up to his - knees in the same dement,' chillblains and cramp may be expected as a natural consequence. We mount the, brow of a steep hill, and come in sight of a few houses on our right, .and a church and a few houses (two) onour left. Cantankerous steed begins to groan, and then, as if impressed with the dread of approaching dissolution, he drops down on hisknees in a prayerful attitude and prepares . to give up the ghost. " All thd king's horses, and alltbe king's .men, .. Will .never get cantankerous'steel up again." Mr. Adonis is out in a twinkling. / ' .A " Thanks for ijhis pleasing quick alacrity ~ Bat why those blanched and terror Speaking cheeks, mf friend? "He's going.to die," said Adonis; uoh! my poor mother!" " Take him out," said L "He wont come out," said he^ " he's shutting his eyes, and his' ears are cold, and he'll bedead. Qh! my poor-7-"? The rest of his prayer was not heard, for a sudden squall of wind carried his hat'like a young balloon far up into the heavens.f With the force of eloquence and a gentle restorative I persuaded the -four- legged, gentleman to get up and comb ont. -for tunately, Templers was close at hand, so I left the trap and the other horse inchajge of Adonis, and in about ten minutes arrived at the hotel. It was an interesting if not an instructive sight to look back and see him guiding the vehicle down the bill-his dishevelled locks floating in the wir^d, the pole in dangerous proximity to his backbone. _ Fortunately, the ; well-known veterinary surgeon, Mr.'J, G. Wood, was close at hand, and to his able care I entrusted the sick animal. How I was compelled to remain at Temp lers all that Sunday and part of the next day, together with an account of some ol£ the characters I met there, I must recount in another chapter. (To be continued.) A shocking suicide lias been committed near Mr. Hammond's Carriwhillinghi sta tion. A shepherd in the employ of Mr. .Hammond, says the Central Australian, arrived at the head station on the 7th in stant, and repotted that a blackfellow had discovered a man close to the hut at which he was stationed. Mr. Hammond, J.P., accompanied by Senior Constable Byrne, at once proceeded to the spot, and found the body of a young man of from six to seven and twenty years of age, shot through the heart with a bullet from a fowling piece, which lay close to the body. A magisterial inquiry proved beyond doubt that the un ! fortunate man had fired the fatal shot him self ; he had apparently placed the muzzle of the gun to his breast, and caused it to explode by pushing one end of the ramrod (which was still held in one hand) against the trigger. Not the ^jghtest cine which might lead to his identification could be found. 