THE MANY-EYED. MARK TWAIN says he can't help giving information. It stews out of him like ottar of roses out of the otter. It seems to stew out of the Argus quite as abundantly, and to be of quite as reliable a description. And why not 1 Is the Argus, with his hundred eyes, to see no more than any vulgar mortal 1 Are the regions of fancy to be closed against | him, and is he to be confined to the prosaic ways of truth ? No one would be absurd enough to expect it, and if there were such an insane being, Argus, secure in his reputation as a story- teller, can afford to wink good-humouredly half a hundred eyes at such infatuation. Falstaff saw a good many buckram-men, but we would wager a trifle that he would have but little chance against the Argus. It is true that the Argus has a flourish about telling the truth, "impugn it whoso list," but that is understood to be a pleasantry. The issue of Monday informs us that the Pope "preached a sermon." Children of Eve 'that we are, we feel a burning curiosity to know in what church, because we have some reason to believe his Holiness is not in the habit of preaching:— Scientific men Deed disquiet themselves no longer by conjectures and investigations with respect to the causes of the recent eruption of Mount Vesuvius. The origin of this terrible phenomenon has been explained by au infallible authority. In a sermon, recently preached in Rome by his Holiness the Pope, he informed his hearers that the activity of the volcano was due to the Creator of the Universe, and' was intended as an expression of God's wrath against It ilian Liberals. These are generally to be found in the great cities, we believe, and not among the vine-growers, the olive-planters, and the husbandmen who have beeu ruined, and some of them, killed, by the devastating and destroying lava streams. So we «up-: pose the Liberals suffered vicariously, which was rather hard .upon the victims. Here below will be found a reply of his Holiness to an address, in which he says that they who play with revolution will be overwhelmed by it as some who approached the volcano fell victims to their misguided curiosity. A comparison of the two passages willenable the reader to appreciate the ingenuity of the Argus. and its large views of truth, unless, indeed, the assertion attributed to the Sovereign Pontiff be merely the blunder of some " own correspondent" who is not well up in his Italian. The words of his Holiness were:— Our Lord Jesus Christ, as the Curato degli Sant* Apostoli has told us, before leaving this world, consoled Hisdisciples, who wished that He should never leave them, with the assurance that unless He should depart the Holy Ghost would not como to encourage and tn strengthen them. But at the same time He gave them the assurance that the Divine Spirit should come to convince the ungodly world of their sin of unbelief, as JesuB Christ Himself had taught and declared. That sin is one which at the present time deluges certain parts, and those the most exalted, of the human family in all countries of the world. Infidelity reigns and proudly stalks on all the thoroughfares of this earth, and thinks itself triumphant for ever. It is mistaken, for God still exists ; although He clothe Himself with clouds and thick darkness, yet is His throne upheld by justice and by power. What is the meaning of God being clothed with clouds and- thick darkness! It expresses the mysteries which procsed from Him, and which we are obliged to believe when we submit our understanding to the faith of Jesus Christ. But the wicked make pretence of having established the false, the hellish principle, of believing nothing but what the reason is able to comprehend. Fools ! the very bread they put into their mouths to support their animal life—whence comes it ? Is it not made of the flour produced from the grain, which grows upon the stalk, that again sprang from a small grain which had struck root into the earth ? How did that take place ? They do not know : they will not tell us it is one of nature's mysteries. Nature has a great many such mysteries. They will believe in them, and yet they will not believe in the sublime mysteries of the religion of Jesus Christ; and they mean to die freethinkers —that is, thinkers whom Satan has educated. We have seen many such a death; in our day the death of him who died abandoned, ilerelictus in talernaculo siw, died without the presence of God and the Blessed Virgin, without the help of his angel guardian and patron saints, without the minister of God beside his bed of pain to help him in his last moments ; no, he died committing his soul into the hands of Satan, to go and curse God to all eternity in the deepest abyss of bell. And yet we are told that the Church ought to bestow her prayers on such men, ought to honour them and give them all that belongs of right exclusively to her faithful ones who die in her bosom. Alas! the men that maintain this, who and what are they? They are themselves under the weight of God's anger. " Qui ill sordibus est sord'-sccil adhuc ; Q nocet nocnat adlinc.'' " He that is filthy let him be filthy still; he that is guilty let him be guilty still." The worst punishment that Almighty God can inflict upou a soul is to allow it to harden under the weight of its own vices, until at length the soul itself dies to grace, and leaves the body, as the first infidels did who lived upon this earth. While all these things are coming to pass, what will become of us, and how shall we stand in the sight of God ? Saint John anticipates this question ; he puts into the mouth of the Almighty the following words : " Ecce veiiio cito et reddam unicuique secundum opera ejus." "Behold, I come quickly, and I will render unto every man according to his works." Let us put our trust in the mercy of God, who will punish the wicked; and let us hope that Jesus Christ, who has said, "Behold, I come quickly," will soon make us to hear for our consolation those solemn words of His. Woe unto them who £put their trust in wickedness, who play with the Kevolution and profess to be its masters. Sooner or later the Kevolution shall overwhelm them with its whirlwind. The late calamity at Naples in our own neighbourhood may serve us as another example. A large number of persons had the imprudcnce to approach heedlessly to the devouring flame that was issuing with impetuosity from the mouths of the volcano, and a number of them became the victims of their misguided curiosity. So it is with those who fraternise with the Kevolution and with revolutionists, in the hope of ruling over the one and repressing the other. Fools ! both of them shall be the prey of the devouring flame that encompasses them. O my Lord God ! To Thee I recommend this people who are so devoted to Thee ; who profess so great a respect for Thy unworthy Vicar. To Thee do I recommend them, that the flames of the Revolution may never terrify them nor ever be able to devour them. I beseech Thee, O my God, Who holdest in Thy hands the lot of all men, that Thou wouldst punish the wicked and preserve the jgood, and encourage jtheir leaders, so that jthey may remain constant and steadfast in jtheir separation'from a Government which is .quite.unworthy of their confidence. ' ' [Here the august speaker was interrupted by expressions of sympathy and applause on Uie part of the audience.] In vain do thev hope that'J will ever agree withit. May this people arrive safely—through the tempest which buffets them—at the haven by means of Thy good pleasure, to sing Hosannas of thanksgiving to Thee, O God of infinite goodness. Once more then I call upon Thee, O my God; uphold the arms of Thy Vicar when he blesses this people now present, the people of Home, nndall theCatholics spread overtheface of the earth. Thou Who didst say that Thou must go away that Thou mightst 6end the Holy irhost to us. send down that Holy Spirit that He may give us the piftsof strength, of counsel, of wisdom, and all the virtues needful for us to fight the battles of the Lord and to conquer our proud and headstrong foes. Benedictio Dei Omnipotent!*, <i-c. The above discourse is a translation from the Voce della Vtriib, of the reply of the Pope to the parishioners of the SS. Apostoli and SS. Vinceuzo and. Anastasio. The Pontiff, says the Argiu also admonished the wicked Romans that the sudden death of two or three staunch adherents of the king's was intended as a visible sign of God's indignation against the enemies of the Holy See. Referring to the funeral of one of these reprobates, who was buried without any religious ritf.s, the Pope observed: " And there are some who wish to die in these sentiments of unbelief; to die like brave men, as they term it; really, to die like spirits of whom the devil has taken possession ; and we have seen that some days ago one has died abandoned in such a misfortune, without the help of God, of Mary, and of the Holy Angels—has died rendering up his soul into the hands of Satan, to go and curse God eternally in the abysses of hell. The italics are ours. Here there is an ingenious suggestio alsi. Any one would imagine that jvicked priests had been endeavouring to have funeral obsequies performed, but that the reprobates would not permit it. Quite the reverse, the " reprobate" would not hear of religion during life, but priests were expected to give, him funeral obsequies notwithstanding, and the Pope spoke of the inconsistency of those who wanted the Church to pray for one (Deputy Plutino) who had died in open warfare against it. We remember having read something in Scripture about One that was to coma like a thief in the night; and notwithstanding all the authority of the Argus to the contrary, we believe he does come like a thief in the night. The Pontiff, it will be observed, is not only admitted to the secret councils of the Most High, but claims to have secured Him. as an instrument, a partisan, and an executioner ; for no sooner does the Pope take " a down "' upon an Italian on account of his holding liberal opinious in politics, than the Almighty smites that person with apoplexy, or with heart disease, and consigns him to "the i abyss of hell" for all eternity ou account of his liberality. To visit a linita offence with an infinite punishment is tha Papal notion of Supreme Justice. We have already had occasion to remark on the way in which the Argus teaches its religious (?) views. It will not openly avow its disbelief in eternal punishment, but will seize every opportunity to attack indirectly that unpleasant dogma. It affects to despise Darwinian development and spiritualism— doctrines too brutal and too stupid for its readers' tastes—but it is ready to allow its columns to be polluted by the advocates of these systems, because, however absurd they be, they help to pull down dogma. Then, when the Anglican Bishop remonstrates, the Argus does not condescend to reply, but a " correspondentrushes to the rescue, and pitches into the Bishop. To represent " infinite punishment for a finite offence " as a Papal notion is a good idea. It will tell with Protestants. But if the Argus had as many ears as eyes, it ought to have heard before now, that Protestants hold the same doctrine as Catholics on the punishments of the wicked. Neither Protestants nor Catholics believe in the visitation of infinite punishment on ka finite offence. The offence is infinite because offered to an infinite Being. And the Roman population, have the ignorance and bad taste to prefer the temporal rule of the Italian Government to that of this amiable Pontiff, on whose behalf Vesn-" vius belches forth torrents of lava, and overwhelms with rain the devout peasants who cultivate its slopes, as a round-about way of exhibiting wrath against Italian liberalism. The subjects of Victor Emmanuel muBt be very blind indeed. Poetry, again. They do not prefer his temporal rule, for they are unable to appreciate the blessings of taxation, conscription, tyranny, and immorality. Ah^ -if they had as many eyes as the Argus, and, unlike it, could discern tbe truth with some of them, things would be different. AB a testimony to that journal's respect for trntb, we refer our readers to the last quotation from its pages which we have given, and to that paragraph in tbe Holy Father's address in which reference is made to Vesuvius. They may be surprised at the misrepreaentation. We are not, being more accustomed to such unfairness, and expecting nothing else from such a source. THK President of tbe Legislative Council «n Wednesday, 7th inst., issued a writ for tbe election of a member of tbe Legislative Council of Victoria for the Central Province, in tbe room of the Hon. John O'Shanassy, who retires by rotation : and on Friday, the i»tb inet., a writ was to be issued for the election of a member to serve in the Legislative Council of Victoria for the South Pro- Tince, in the room of the Hon. Frank Stanley Dobson. also retiring by rotation. THK Government have determined to remove the industrial school children from their present quarters at the Gcelong gaol to more suitable places, and tbe public 'vrill approve of their intention. THE Postmaster General was asked on Monday to determine the site of the postoffice for the township of Avoea. but has very properly left it to the ratepayers to decide by vote, as there is some difference of opinion on the subject. Ax application was on Monday made to the lion, the Minister of Lands by Mr. Bayles, M.L.A.. that the public park at Mount liouse, which was now only temporarily reserved for recreative purposes, should be permanently reserved. Mr. Casey promised that the request should be complied with. THE prize essays upon the water supply of Sydney has been awarded to " Chloride of Sodium"—Cr. A. K. Smith. INTENDING exhibitors of new inventions at the forthcoming Intercolonial Exhibition will toe glad to hear that the Government have prepared a short measure to preserve their rights. The bill -was introduced into the Legislative Council on Tuesday evening by Mr. Fraser, and read a first time, the second reading being made an order of the day for Tuesday next. AN attempt is to be made to indnce the Government to grant a gratuity to Mr. dement Martyr, the Ballarat Volunteer who accidentally shot himself at the Easter review. FURTHER correspondence on the broad and narrow railway gauge question was laid on the tabic of the Assembly on Tuesday night. THE Solicitor-General has perused the report and evidence taken by Mr. E. P. S. Sturt, P.M., with respect to charges preferred against Mr. Ryan, J.P. The conclusion arrived at is Mr. Ryan acted -without clue caution, and that his conduct was a little imprudent. No further action will consequently be taken. The case of the boy Ryan is still under consideration, and being of a more complicated nature, the Solicitor- General is not yet in a position to pronounce an opinion on the matter. THE proclamation issued by the New South Wales Government prohibiting the crossing of live stock into that colony from Victoria has been rescinded. . THE Auckland, Star states that "when Thompson died of small-pox, Dr. Philson laid him in the coffin and nailed down the lid without any assistance ; and in order to prevent the possibility of contagion, took water and scrubbed the infected house in everv J part." TALKING to "Buncombe," which might mean 1 ' talking to Normanby, was perhaps never so aptly illustrated as by Mr. Cope on Wednesday evening, when after Mr. Zeal had arranged with the Minister of Railways that a definite answer should be given by the Government in the matter of the Portland Railway on Wednesday next Mr. Cope rose to say something. Hon! Members, who as a rule have a keen perception of the ludicrous, saw through the dodge, and laughed heartily. The expression in their faces said, " Buncombe," almost as pikiu AS if they pronounced the words. Mr. OopB^observed it and sat down discomfited. Two-complaints anent the distribution of tolls were brought under the notice of the Commissioner of Railways and Roads on Tuesday. The Hotham and Flemington councils asked that the revenue from the Swamp toll-road might be so re-distributed as to admit of the Flemington and Essendon councils participating in it. Objections to such a course were urged by the Braybrook and Foolscray councils, and Mr. Gillies declined to give a decision until the matter had been reported on by an officer of the department acquainted with it. The Bannockburn and Corio shire councils appeared, the latter to ask that there should be a redistribution of the Fyansford and Batesford tolls, and the former to object. After listening to arguments pro. and con., Mr. Gillies determined that a re-distribution should take place in favour of the Corio body. A RETURN was laid before Parliament on Tuesday last, having relation to the completion of the Stony Creek reservoir, from which we gather the following items :—The diameter, weight, and length of the proposed pipes from Stony Creek reservoir to the Pipe. Head reservoir are respectively 9in., 915 tons, and seven miles. The estimated cost of pipes laid on the ground where required is £10,362 ; the estimated cost of laying the pipes; £4000; the number of gallons per twenty- four hours such pipes will deliver is 703,181 ; and the pressure on the main between the Pipe Head and Lovely Bank reservoirs, 200ft., or 87lb. per square inch. The pipes will probably be laid by the 31st December. MR. THOMPSON MOORE. M.L.A., has ,been appointed chairman of a committee, consistof himself, the Mayor of Sandhurst, and Mr. Superintendent Nicholson, to inquire into a charge of neglect of duty on the part of Constables O'Brien and Lawrence, in permitting communication between the patients in the Sandhurst small-pox hospital, or sanatorium, and the public. THE hon. the Attorney-General has a most unhappy way of answering, or rather not answering, questions put to him. On rising to answer a question, the hon. gentleman addresses himself to every conceivable aspect of the case except the one nnder consideration ; and, having delivered himself of a long rambling statement, in no way pertinent to tbe matter, sits down, to the great disgust of the querist, and amidst the ill-concealed titters of other hon. members, the reporters and strangers. The astonished looks with which his colleagues regard him when he gets upon his legs, and the deep-drawn sigh of relief which escapes them when he sits down, prove how keenly his vagaries are felt by the other members of the Government. As a politician Mr. Stephen is a failure. IT is confidently stated that it is the intention of Mr. Bowmrm to petition against the return of Mr. Gillies on the grouud of bribery and corruption. TnE date of nomination for the Central Province election is the lath August, the date of polling 27th, and the writ is to be returned on 3rd September. 