ttUf JWtft. (From tht Sunday Magtdne.) (Continued.) CHAPTER II. ; From the church' at Tym≀ to Constantinople inay seem ^ long dis fanw,' hut Israel did riot find it so, as he ajad his-lad plodded their way thither through the village ; then entered a' picturesque .-winding lane, wJiieh'-soon began to ascend toward an exceedingly long row of colliers' houses that stood on a most conspicu ous height for above all other rows, and all the single houses scattered on the mountain s!6pe; and commanding attention from every passing traveller, by the grandeur of the position and the homeliness of the dwellings. The row had been built by Jehosha phat Williams many years ago, and named byhjm in one of his more gro-' tesque moods — when possibly he thought he Was playing the poet or the artist in associating his row of cot tages, rented at a shilling or so a week with the beauty and splendour of the great Eastern capital .To one of the little houses, then, of Constantinople the two proceeded, and were met at the open door by Mrs. Morfc, the overman's wife. A sad, patient, stricken looking creature she was. Calamity did not so much seem to have smitten her by heavy but occasional blows, as to have kept on iaer one continual cruel unrelaxing pressure, squeezing her very heart's bipod out of her, and leaving reaction impossible You could see as she looted on her husband's and son's fapes, and as she moved away to put the tea before them, that there was no spring *or vital impulse of any kind left in her. She could not even com plain. She could only bear in a kind of dull way her life of suffering. Still a sharp observer might have noticed a difference in the looks she gave to Israel and to the boy. To the one it was a glance of perfectly •drilled obedience—that ever waited but to know what was desired from jt—without the faintest suggestion of hope or desire that she might give him or herself pleasure from the ful filment of his wishes. To the other it ■was at once a glance of tender love and earnest fear, but both shadowed and weakened, by the sense of utter helplessness. For some time Israel did not con descend to say to her a single word, nor did she seem to oxpept one. ,• He went on eating and drinking, •and apparently thinking, pausing only ■once to attend to what was passing, •namely, the mother's anxious care to -.find some little morsels of meat out of the remains of "their Sunday dinner, •.which David could be induced to eat. But the lad pushed the plate away, ;&nd; said he wasn't hungry-he couldn't eat. ' That's nonsense,' said Israel. " I've told thee before that those who ■would eat must work; but I thought tthou might find out for thyself that those who do work, must eat. Eat ■ thy victuals, and make no more ado.' ' The lad's face flushed, and he seemed ;a8ifhe were about again to refuse; but he caught the pleading look of his mother's face, and so did eat ■enough to satisfy the stern, inquisitive eye, so long as it thought it necessary (jto remain fixed on him. A minute or two afterwards Isreal went to bis bed-room to fetch some thing. As soon as the door Iwid closed after ■his father, the lad weqjpto his mother, took her hand, kissed her, and said— 'Mother, you must speak now. I can't go into the mine. I won't. It vwould kill me. I can't sleep at nights ifor it. And when I do I jump up all at once out of the most horrid dreams. Last night I saw that boy who was lost only a few months ago in our mine, for eight days, and found dead. Hte came to me, and whispered such things to me of how it had happened, and what He had seen, and when I awoke I do believe I heard my own voice screaming in terror. Oh, do apeak to him!' She felt his hand was trembling, his ■eyes excited looking and wild, his voice strange, unreal. To quiet him, rather than with the faith that she co«Id do any good, or even fulfil her promise, she said— ' Davi^j.dgar, I will—I will, indeed! But be patient. I have found that always best with him.' ' Mother, ! can't be patient if lie makes me go there!' He seemed to thrill and shudder as he muttered the word * there,' as if it included for him all that man could devise of abhorront cruelty and utter disgust. ' The door reopened, and Israel re tained to his seat. 4' You have heard the news ?' he said, after k pause. 'Yes, Mrs. Mort replied. 'How jyill it affect you ?' ' Fools can pu t questions that it takes wise men to answer, and are some times even too much for them. But I'll' tell you. I've been pondering over that same question ever since I heard last night how bad lie was. And it's on that account I've been to church.' ' To church,' interrupted Mrs. Mort, caught for once in an expression of sur prise. 'To church!' he repeated doggedly. '.Have you anything to say to that V 'No, Israel,except that I am glad.' * What do yoii^niean by that ? Do you mean to insinuate-—bnt there, if you did, it Wouldn't matter. Only don't interrupt me again; I think slow and am sometimes put out.' 'Iam sorry,' again interposed un lucky Mrs. Morfc. Israel's brow colored with ire, oat not earing to go any further with his wife into the new hopes that had been excited in Trim—having long lost even the relish of the last bit of occasional pleasure his married life gave him, the power of obtaining a patient and res pectful listener whenever he wanted for his own ease of mind to talk him self out—he merely remarked— Well, 1 shall go and see the new owner to-morrow. He was at church, and noticed me. And now, wife, about DaVid. Have you made the lad un derstand about to-morrow ? That I don't want a snivelling girl in boys clothes with me; nor an idiotic cow ard, who sees a ghost lurking behind every coiner. You know, and he knows, that my mind is made-up. Is he man enough to say that he 11 do his duty f ' Give him time, he's ' 'Oh, I'll give him till to-morrow morning, half-past five o'clock, cer tainly. That'll do, David V ''Israel—husband—we have had but three children ; two are gone, and this one alone remains. If not for my sake, or for his, then for your own, be patient with him, listen to hiin and what he wants. He says he can work; he will work! Sometimes, husband, the poor, silly lad talks of how he will yet grow to be a great man if only—' ' That's just what I want to put him in the way of. Do you suppose I mean to remain overman all my life long, or that 1 mean my only son— heir to all I haven't got, but mean to get—to remain where I shall first put him ? No. And since I am in the mood to speak, you shall hear my mind, and think of it afterwards, when you see how things will be shaped ' I want David to earn money be- ( cause we are so wretchedly poor, and I can't any longer do without. That s j one tiling. ' Kext, it don't suit me just now, or for some time to come, to look ambi tious, and therefore I choose to let everybody see my boy begin as I be gan,as all colliers begin, at tho bottom. That's another thing. ' And now for the last thing. And if either of you dare to breathe a syl-~ lable of what I am about to say, I'll —well I don't need to threaten. You both know me, so listen. I've been studying mines and mining all these years to some purpose, and now, if I don't miscalculate, my time's come: And if so, it won't be long, before David's time will come. He must get prepared then, as I have got, by hard work, and by never minding whether it's dirty work or ugly work. The gold'll b6 bright that'll come out ot it all, and then we'll see, wife, if things can't be made a bit more comfortable at home.' Mrs. Mort's face happened to be turned away, so that lie could not see it. But whether he had got to like the sound of bis yoice, or that the flavour of the ideal fruit he saw grow ing and glowing in the distance for his hands to pluck somehow humanized him a little, he said a few words more in the same strain, hardly thinking or caring, as he did so, how it might affect his listener. But suddenly he heard a kind of gurgling sound in the throat, then a cry from David, and the next instant both were on the floor she fainting, the boy wild with alarm, aud crying and sobbing to her— '' Mother! mother! mother!' Such a thing Israel was bonnd to confess to himself had not happened for many years; so, after he and David had brought lier round and quieted her, he gave her, in the shape of a warning as to the future, his full forgiveness, and kissed her. Poor David soon saw there was no more hope for him of escape from the thought Israel had so skilfully sug gested to him without seeming to do so, that he, boy as he was, might yet come to his mother's aid, he spoke out right bravely— ' Father I will go to the mine in the morning when you call me.' It was sufficient. Israel held out his ham}; the lad came to it, took it, was lifted on to the father s knee, and in the enjoyment of so novel a position forgot all he had been so determined upon a little -while ago. Shall we attempt to. look into the innermost recesses of Israel's heart as he saw himself once more master of the hearts of those two persons ? Shall we ask whether he consciously played the hypocrite, a character certainly not natural to him, while seeming to recur to old days when the affections did occupy some part—however small—of his moral framework, and when he had not yet put on, with almost osten tatious C3Tnicism,the air of a man who acknowledges no brotherhood with his kind ? Shall we ask such questions 1 Let us first be sure that we can to a certainty justly auswer them. Good and eviL are so'inextricably mingled in human motive that often when even character itself seems to. tell us trumpet tongued by its actions, what must have been the impelling power to this good or that evil, we have often but to live on a few years more to find we were utterly mistaken and unjust. For the present, then at least, let us suspendjudgment, and be content to wait and watch. .A; knock at the door/ followid by its being opened from without, startled Mrs. Mort, who was now reading in bfir great Bible, whiehshekept fever open rfa a little table specially reserved foe tfcat use. David went to see who it was, and fouud an acquaintance, a collier, who refused to come. in. Mort heard the voice, and called out— I ' I'll come to thee, Lewis,' aia went. The Iwo men whispered some fime to gether, then separated, and Mort Btnrned to his seat, merely saying aloud, f 'Barrett takes time by the fsreloek. He is not going to lose the management of the mine, at least, not if he krows it. No. All right. I should do tbesame if I were in his place,' f When David was about to goito bed, his father said to him quite unexjjietedly: ' I am well pleased with thee, lpi.. And I'm half inclined to give thee linother day. The spring flowers are justfsomiug out. I sew some primroses and violets yesterday up by the Goitre level, j So let the motto be,' Play to-morrow, aid (work tho day after' It'll be your last- chance for a goodish while, lad.' | ' No, father,' said David, but in a very grateful yet very hurried voice,1; is, con scious if he did not say ' No' quitkly, he might noi say it at all; ''No, father; if I'm to go, I'd like to feel I'd itone it. Thank you all the same.' 'And that's manly, too. Bntjif you don't want a day for your own bake, I think you'd better take one for m ae. I shouldo't like to .leave you long alone in the pit the first day, and I must go up to Griffiths Williams early.' David had heard enough. The " leave you alone in the pit," mat quite as aDxious as his father co that the dreaded event should be postponed to Tuesday. As they parted for the night,' Israel saw an odd expression on his sonjs face tbt-t annoyed him, it seemed so plainly to bay,' Was my father trying to deeeivg me when he talked about giving me a' day's playJor my own sake ?" And !Israel saw dimly glimpses of something: never even thought of before in conncction with aught belonging to him—glimpses of that new and wondrous world, a: boy's mind in the first great era of development. He gazed at it, but his eveB soon failed him, and he turned to pore over, some notes he waB making for his visit of to morrow to The Farm, and soon forgot even the little he had seen or suspected. (To be continued.') words i bim iid be 