jftrorting. PREPARATIONS FOR THE MELBOURNE CUP OF 1871. Much has appeared in our columns about the occurrences on the great Melbourne Cup day. To tell how the horses looked after stripping and how they figured in the running would be to repeat an oft-told tale; but with the details of trials and the mysteries of the betting-rooms the reports heretofore published have not made us familiar. The following notes by an "Eye Witness" cannot therefore be regarded as out of date:— "Fully determined to seethe great Melbourne Cup, and stimulated by the fact that the Ade laide pet—the Dog—was again spoken of by the prophets as the coming horse, I embarked in good time in the Aldinga with a few choice spirits, who were intent on killing two birds with one stone, namely, making a pot at Sand hurst, and if the pot was not quite full, com pleting it on the great betting race of the year. Knowing little about the mysteries of scrip, I was put in a complete maze by a continued talk about Golden Fleeces, Richard Heales, New Chum, Dead Cats, &c.; Even when 1 endeavoured to edge a word in, having some reference to the Melbourne Cup, it was quickly smothered by the frequent repetition of Garden Gully, Extended Tribute, or the ominous name of Laza rus. Even at the game of loo, when a sovereign was lost orwon, it. was not spoken of as so much tin dropped, but Eight G. G. Consols, or some other long-sounding name, having reference to a real or perhaps imaginary claim in the golden region of Sandhurst. Of course the next morning after reaching Melbourne, as soon as there was light, I stood on Flemington training ground to see the tits, as they walked, cantered, or gallopped. Let me recall the company—a mixed, most decidedly mixed* lot, but 110 high class mixture—all of an order—either horsey, Israelitisb, or cabby, the horsey class, with tight trousers, tight coats, seedy hats ; the Israelitisb lot, a hook-nosed slangy- looking mob, gold (or gilt) chains and rings, who varied the sporting talk by one of the lot showing what looked like a diamond, and what all his com peers swore was, and cheap at £20; some sporting cabbies, and all hailing one and other by names us Tom, Mose, Bill, or Joe. These, with Beacon, Augur, Hotspur, &e.;, and a few trainers, completed the crowd. Some bookmakers wore there, but none of the first or second flight; only bill men and list betting-clerks. On this morning Warrior, Misty Morn, all Mr. Pearson's string, Mr. Ryan's, Dan Morrison's, and some hurdle racers did their work, and amusing it was to hear the remarks of the fraternity who were there. ' Where is Hamlet ?' cries a hook-nosed son of Levi when Praetor and the Gem did a gallop without Hamlet. * Gone to keep company with his father's ghost,'answers a witty cabman. 'He never liad.a ghost of a chance,' cries another; and thus the punning goes on against the Prince of Denmark till some other notable attracts notice. ' Here's Warrior,' cries one, directing my attention to a horse going in fine form, and with an easy grand style of travelling. He looked all over a racer, and fit even then, a fortnight before the Cup, to run for a man's life. 'He is a good mi,' said a quiet-looking man in a dark shabby suit with greasy hat; 'he's a good un.' But in these cases you never know when they are to go or not; all depends on the money, and whether it is on or not. On hearing this a stout party, whom I had a few minutes before beard warmly backing Warrior to run, or at least for place, cries out, 'He aiut no worse than others, and when you can tell me which— the Dog or the mare—is to win, then you cau talk about Warrior and his owner.' " Now approached a neat bay mare, going a crushing pace, and pulling double away from Contessa. ' Wild Briar,' cry 50 voices; ' she will make it hot for anything for a mile or so;' :and certainly her style and pace were first- class, and the long race with Mermaid showed her quality. Bylong now passes with his extraordinary high action, impressing you with the idea that he can never travel fast, though, from his size and strength, he might far.* One of Mr. Ryan's, Kingfisher, now comes from the shed and goes once round, not impres sing the beholders; then the steeplechaser Monk : goes a four miles well and strong, and after a 1 few more less thought of take a gallop, and neither Tait nor Lang put in an appearance, the crowd by-aad-by separate to refresh themselves with a nobbier at the Race course Hotel, and convey the news of the morning's trial to Melbourne, and by a mixture of lies and truth create au impression in the rooms. I will invite the reader to ac company me to these rooms, and endeavour to portray a scene curious and ever changing. Goyder's and the yard, from 12 to 3, is during the week before and the week of the races the scene where most of the betting is done. On the first morning of my visit, upon entering the room, I heard nothing but 'What's the price of the Dog?' I waut Hamlet and the Dog.' 'Can't lay, Sir, full.' : 'I want Miss Jessie and the Dog.' 'What can you ; lay—100 to 4?' * The King and the Dog, 100 to j 4,' and so on. Nothing named for the ninth I event but the Dog. Now, having seen the Dog i in May last, and noticed that he was very dickey after his bad performance then, I could not stand him, so contented myself with a long double or two, Miss Jessie and Romula, hundreds to 3, always having in my mind that the stalk horse was Romula. Suddenly the owner of Romula appears with, as I think, Lord Eglintoun colours in his scarf, and a run over quickly gained ground that our Adelaide horse bad done a trial good enough to win with pounds to spare. More enquiries about Lapdog, and he goes up from 10 to 1, to 8 to 1, to 6 to 1, until at last only 4 to 1 could be got. Some who were not afflicted by hydrophobia kept quiet, and neither conld nor would have it. At all events, the end was answered, and the Dog sat and ruled as first favourite, Romula close up, Pyrrhus holding his own, and Cleolite ad vancing on the strength of a wonderful trial, which after events proved to have been a myth, and circulated merely to, get same money off. p " Nobbier after nobbier-is taken, and still the Babel of voices continue. Lapdog, Pyrrhus, Mermaid, Romula, Saladin, the great grey, and ofheift and the ul&n;&tq; otbww aokwoatiaaod The Steeplechase is but little dealt with except in doubles, and lots of business is done in that. Unknown and Typo, Unknown and Narcisso, being much dealt in, the western gentlemen getting quietly on Darkie, whom they knew te be hard to beat, and as the sequel prored they were correct. Such with little variation is tlio kind of meeting at Goyder's for days preceding the race, and there you will see all the notabilities of the ring—the great bookmaker and owner, J. Thomson; the renowned Barney, whose romance of love and marriage lias made him famous, partner in business; Brandis, the owner of the great colt; Miller, Coker, Stack, Goyder, and a host of others. Time wends on, and about 3 o'clock the gentlemen who wanted something on the race are all satisfied, and the room gets empty of all its occupants, most of whom meat again at the Prince of Wales at 10 o'clock, when the same row is carried on. Fresh canards are set afloat, different odds quoted, horses rushed up in the betting, and horses pushed out by want of being backed, and till 2 or 3 in the morning this continues, until the time comes when all anticipations will be realised or dis appointed, and the Saturday before the first day opens the ball with a grand programme. Whilo such scenes as these are daily occurring, Bourke street, which holds most of the list-houses, is thronged with men of all kinds, and one hears nothing but a comparison of the prices of the doubles in the different list-houses. Standing at one the following conversation was heard by the writer :—Horsey-looldng countryman to his friend— ' I say, Joe, this ere house aint as liberal as the one we saw up street. They offered 50 to 6,' Hamlet and Dog. This ere cove has it 50 to 8. Friend— 'Yon see, my pippin, ven you read that on yesterday Lapdog had not done that wonderful gallop, and, mark my word, to morrow you wou't get no hodds at all 'gainst him; he will start at heveus.' Countryman— * Let us see what the bloke will lay.' [Enter. J ' E wants Amlet aud the Dog.' ' Can't lay, Sir, full on the Dog. Any other oss with Amlet you can 'ave.' [Exit.] Friend—'Now, my boy, I told you you lost a good thing by not taking that ere double ven I advised you. Veil, try some other shop.' For the sake of bis money I hope ho did uor succeed, as neither horse ever had a show, whether from being meant or not, Icaunotsay." 