?; 0njtish and ^brctgit. THE INEBRLVTE ASYLUM, NEW V.YOUK. J hir is nn aejlum tor tirnnlcnrds, who voluntarily ontcr it for the purjioso of abandoning their drinUing habits, having 1'iH't all power of soif-cnntrol whiln suliject to the cvory-day tempUlions which «ur ronridctl them. Tiie tni'tecs oCthe proponed Inebriate Atylnnt in New York hnve iwiHod an np penl to the Churches of the United States and the American pnblic for asftislancc. Some of the . alatcmcnU are itartling, ?j— ?Whn Aaan atlAnfir l.ilA Vtlfll Ifflhrll'lAnM of such an asyinn when, oven before, its first story in completed, applications have Wen for admittance., inany of which art' fromtlie patients themselros 1 Amnnp the applicnnU tire SS clergymen, 86 physicians, 42 lawyers, 3 judges, 12 edi tors, 4 army, and -2 naval officers, 179 mcrohantfl, 55 farmer*, 515 mechanic*, anil 410 women, tnORt of thum ladies. JJnw cume nil thtsc t» be pros) rate nnil so disgr/icnd? Did- they descend to drunkenness -«nd Fhnnio with nnos^p, or did they go down liy thu dangerous slair wny of mndoration ? '28 clergyman' — men wlio»-«r«. if we Mievfi their profession, called hy thy Holy Ghost to watch the flock oflhe faith ful, and to be themselves ceiilinels and guardians upon tlio walls nf Zion ; (Iicko men by, tlio way of moderation, have fallen —alas I how low. * '36 physicians' — men who knew the (tiing'T that lurks in tho cup «r abomin able things nnd yet partook of its unholy Jmd.lrtalriint.lv/. Annf^ntil. TheT Ikrt* nma trato'nnd hr-iplesn in the fiendish power of the denmn which has bound them in bis adamantine, chains. ' 42 lawyers' — who by the practice of tlreir- Tionorablo profi'Rsion, seeoftendtep into the affairs of olhern; they have turned their kiinirlodgR to licentiousness, Lave, disgraced humanity nnd the bar, arc now, shivering inebriates seeking admis sion into the balls and Tclreats of the asylnm. ' 8 judges'-— ennservnties of tho peace, purity, and protection of their reRpectivo juriadictjoiw-Tinon who minietet tho law. .thjjpi jelyi'B,' prostrated below the poor ' crcatnres upon whom they executed the Tsngeauce of-tiie ;»iolated -«tatutt!, and their ermihtrdiaggea in .the pollution of BaccliBniiiJan degrodation. . ' ,'.'; ,12 cditorg' — men who;: for the sake nftlieAaTnmnnitvnndthcinKcIvGB.oiiO'htto ft'iBlnin from, and honestly denounce, any parUcipJ4tion in the deniorali£ing ciiBtomi of iooietj— Ihcy advcrtSlJpSt'he poison in their colnmns, took .bribes, perhaps, to' a'ander the temperance cbubo, and fell into th« snares they assisted to set for ' oihorB.':U' ' ' ' '' . '. . . \- And &o; ;'Army and :navy' seek a re pfewntotive within the walls of tbo Stinkard's Asylam. ??' ? ?'IZS^BrehabU l'-^what lipnible. If liiV^ .^'pon ttc cornmbrcial Witerprinb, ' ^ idttatry, *nd intelligence of the coTintry. ' i«. 65 farmers''— who should have been pnbltdy n*efo1 in their day. * ' 3u*Wl1nei!h»riics'— men who rnigW bare carved out on honorable name, and left an unsullrod reputation. . . '.410 women from t^e Jiigh walks of l^eiprrible'wordii - ' /! C. -: , ; , Wh«t* summary. Surely the demand Islond to the pulpit, the' platform, and thh^pMM- tp^'fitay tbis plague. n^—Amcri-' « !? ¥a1$?f ?' ?? : .. ?' .? ? -. . ? ' -v. ' KnKVATF bad an execution against a ce Aiiff J.P. residioe in an Irish idnnty, ' and whom it was diflicnit io eerve with « writ, or obtain entrance into his domi cile., Pat resolved to taVe one of his toner's ;;cow8.'.ahil in ibe 'tiuddle 'of the : djyjiiBjsraikeainlo'thedomain and drove nway the fattest one lie could pet. Tfe lindiiotgonofarwhpntwoconstables met Wm aaid suspecting the'eow to have' boon B&i;'an' miide nriaoner of tlie b.iiliff and brought Vim liefure hisworship. r^fjip^ tho mlgisJarate Ima1 madejonthisiommit jiicnt^fte.^u^tyi^olTprcpw-stoaling, Pat, 'pulling on t oiT his coal-pocket, o Ttarrarit, wild, with a Jangh, IFailh, if I gb,to^a61i,,'yor, hbhtir . (rill imvo to come ^dltie?tiB:e'ilienWlcdt-pb'nttepo1jce- : man to aid in ±ho nrrest, and Uio hailiff .jAcoiripatiieittiekt.Prtotlicc.imnty prison. THi ^Japr DxkvaKO Mtvss — -U it.ro ported from the New Hush that a diamond weighing 136 J carats lias Ufl^'ii unearthed . It ?Tiis foiind lit DM l-c B«cr-,% Foord and .Co. It is tho finest large off-co orcd etone, both is regards water and shape, yet seen on the ficldu, and Uiens Is neither flaw nor spot in it. The owners estimate its vultic lit £lO,OUil. The gem hits been named the Star of De Bct. A new rash has tak--n place to a field five miles cnitwnrd of Du Toil's Pan ; 800 nam^e .?.v.v.ai u.ibB X3,,iv,.u -ui nwiinuif. ^y|)P of the first finds was n diamond weighing 143 carats. Mr. J. R. .Moore sold a parcel of diamonds at his rooms. There m,is nmruiput them a dinmulid of 5JJ carats, which fetched £75 ; another nf 2Gj cimtH was knooiod down for £1SG: -m.- of 7i enrab) «tid one nf 9J carats, fctche.1 £8(5 each; while £2 7s. fid. were piii.l fur one of 1 carat, nnd £8 Ss. for one of ~i carat-'. Wo givu these jiarti culursas Kpreiin.-na of huw diamond* Rep now at ilit! C:i|ie of Good Hope. They nhoir tlr.it small good stones still soil fairly, while ofT-c.'ilirtvd -men (we. infer thut the dinmnnd which «nld for £75 was off-coloi-tid «r otherwise inferior) nro neglected. An incident wortliy of nut.? occurred at Cnh-Hharg Ivolije the other day. Wilh a Kindle stroke of the |-ivk, two dininoiids ciube.lfjml in the dido of the claim werS^ exponed ,to; view— ohn of 28 caraU, the other 15 carat'. The jjlichmonil Era publishes tiie f.i'lowing in.htbt Trn'm fi letter tinted nt Pn!i*1 nn 22nd Pobrnnry : — ' It is rejtori^d that a large diamond — 110 curats — hit« been found at De Boor's now rush hy Messrs. .Dray and Hulmo; it i« of good shape, free from (Wr. bnl dark yellow, and uboiit thfl «iz-? of a small hen- egg. Bray worked fur t'iffht months without navihir expenses. Both Dray and Hulme came out direct from England to the fields." Tiir Jetrhh Chronicle notes a ngiiifi cant fact that a .Tew has hee.ii inviud to net as chaplain to Iho Mouso of Rc prcucntalivwi at Washingtmi, nnd Iidr oHiciatcd with shccpkh. Dr. dc Snta, .ministor «f the .1-winh congrogalion nt Afiuitrcal— 'an Englishman by birth — stood with head covered, awirding to the custom of thc.icwiith pcoplcwhen en?nfr«-l itt prayer, nml offered up prayer before tha assembled legislators nt Washington, to opnn the proceedings of their sittin/f. A Oomnbuticdt paper tells this story nf a new hoy in the Sunday schools: — The pn-cious youth was nuked who made the beautiful hills about them, and re marked that lie di-) not know, as liis parents only moved into the town the day before !'' Condi drratie. — A man licine awak ened by the captain nf a pnssenger IiobI with the nnnonncmiu'iit that he runs', not occupy his birth with his boots on, con siderately replied. ' Oh, it won't hnrt 'cm they're nn old pair.' Toe maul atm «plicreofth-! CUfarnian Stale il to ha purified bi Aoi ol Parli.nifnl. Latrlt, thr Cilifnrnian Snnatn ha. boon diuuuinc, and with aoriom attention, tha foil .wine ''ill to lr»i» r.r. ajrainvr aauiifrr, wnion wa. tmro'iuofa d* Srn.tnr Tutili-, of Sonoma. Tim pun at cono qu*no^i on conviction it will bo a-rn are rori hravr. '8'Pliin 1. Erfry niBrrii'd ,i7rain w'io live* in a ilalc of »»'ii mid nolDri.mii colialiitnlioTi and niullorv i« KuMtf o- a mi-d-vui-.ai ir, nnd ii tmniiliobln hy . flue nnt ri~.itf.linj ? thoiinand Hollnr., or imiiriU'imnC'it in tlip pointT %*o' imi ^l.wlinr onr yar, or I'l'h. B,v:i,.n 2 If r... ccthor in n ntnln nf own avA nn'o-i.-n. 'I'MiaSit. nuiiifliaUs hy inir.ri«.-)imn-ui in.th* Atni'i! vm.m not rxocodins fire v.'«r*. fie -;i '' 8. A r.;c J-df I rrrti final ii uf mirnn^r, or a riTtinclropy tlierprt', them bmrtijno dpcrpe of dirnrre, prore. t!;o mv riiHofi mnnn -?'? -!?? pnrpn«.« of llii. .«.' Tlio S«n Krancisoi Police a*;ttleex\iw* an opinion ' that thi- hill will |.«., IhiI tlio p'n.il'iK will he ercnllr rflij^H i' an.-) -further inti.'ml-i 'thai, as t'lere nrp lim^/vlp of iv.-*lift7 rn*r*ir ' amici, lu» net, if p»«'d, «l! criMti1 - o .ii.iilrr^bi^ fl.iltnr among tliBtn.' A truly brilliant exwi lian of the morals of tha oliicfcitf on th-i P*ai6c ?lapel gr.ip!iic instructions witlioiitssccrtJiiniiig the complete correctness of the telegram; — ' A gontlomau residing near Muitlami beld shares in n Qaeensland Ooinpunv. Ha roceivod information one day by tele gram, that the shares Had' risen, and were in demand at a certain price, with n query whethar the writer should soli any fnr him at once. Ho telegraphed bacV authority to sell two hundred shares ; but subsequently, finding the market still rising, ho sont another , telegram nnt to. sell. This latter telegram arrived too jata, Tho Queensland agent telegraphed back in reply to it, thit he had sold five Jinndred as authorised. Greatly an noyed, the Mnitlnnd gentlemen wrote to know what made him Dell go large a nnmber, when be wan only instructed to soil two hundred. In reply, the Queens land agent quoted tho telegram ho re ceived, whieli authorised tho sale of five hundred Bliarcii. On application to tho West Maillaud Telegraph OHicn, tV:e .irifjiiml authority In le!er;raiii was pro duced, and it waa found (o road 'fell two 2 hundred shares' — but that in the absence of Mr. Mngnire, tho tclngrnpli «tation inastor, on ofTtcial duty, the hid H-ho actually sent on l!io message had rii.i'i ii as 'iivo ,?). mo Maiiiaiiii g.'n tleman now applied to the Superintendent of Telegraphs, nt Sydney, olaiming re dress for hii 'loss! ? Tha , shares had still kept rising in the nnrkcti and on the day ho wrote to Bydncy their then price would have made n difference, of £105 more to him on the salo of the three hundred shares sold bv the te.lpgrnph blunder. And this sum ho claimed that the Govern ment ought to pay him, in redress. The following is a copy nf reply received, omitting names : — ' Electric Telegraphs, Sydney, 4 th .lime, 1872. Sir,— 't am in receipt of your letter of tho 28th u I linn, and encloRO herewith copy of the 7th v'-i|ou ill 1I|U 1 i.j£ ??-»*!??.-- ??»., *'j HMI1.U j *m will perceive that tho Government do not hold themselves responsible for nnrc pnatcd mossiges, consequently yourcluini cannot be eiiterininnii. I regret that you Rhnuld have giiHWciI eo much inconvoni enc!! from the unfortunate emir, and have, fined the opnratorRevercly for hiscaroless ness. Trusting that you will not njruin Imvc to nviUf a siinilnrcimpliii'it, T have the honor to he, Ac. K. C. Cracknoll, Stipcrinteiulont of Tolcgraphs.' The clnuso oiiclosoil in the lutler reads en fullows: — '7. lu order to provide against mistakes in tlio tmisniissiuimf messages hy the oleclric (elc^rapli, every m-ssa};e «f confip.-jiii-iic« ou^rlit to bo repealed by heing sent back to the station from which it is originally scut. Half the usual price fur transmission will be. charged for repeating the tn'fisa(,'«. The Government will not ho responsible for mistakes in w trnnRmissiori of tinrenealinl iiicss.iccs from whnti.'vor cajuse they may nriso ; nor will tho Government bo responsible for mistakcft in tbc lrahKmis«.io» of n repented message, nor for any delay in tho trans mission or delivery, nor for non trans mission or non-delivery of any message, whether repealed or unrapcatcd, to any extent above £fi.' Giiorts ! — A. fair correspondent sends us the following. : — ' I am vi'iy fond of (,'h.ist stories, anil Uiq ' eooying' of Mr. Donnhoo to tho spirit who bo lincoreuioii initily greeted Iii'mi with Hie mystic ' !Jie, Hi»,' tluriiif; his Imiely drive lately, rn !iii:i Is ine. of nn nnecdoti', which possibly may iiilvj-eat olliers nearly an tmioTi n« it iliil uiyself, particularly as 1 know it to b« a fact, ami thoroughly well authenti cated. As a rule, myself, J am nut n bi'liiiver in Ghosts, hut then I have never been fortunntfl enough to nee. on', still it i» evident they cxi«t, nnd that they nrna very unmnnnerly race, and Kn:nn pains slionld be. tulteii to cultivate their friend 'ship and improve their general behaviour, or learn their 6ecrct grief — Imt I am diverging from my narrative: — Snm« yearssince, two friends of mine (squatl'M-s) were returning from their daily occupa tion to the home station, and on nearing a dry swamp they both exclaimed, ' Hern's u iiiiwiii-i cumins mi; iv i iji ix ruuil J a ii's vision they saw represented a man carry ing bin blankets on bin back, but as he turned from the path info the swamp on their approach, they rode nfter him with the intention of showing him tho rii^lit direction ; on nearin? the supposed trav eller, one nf my friends spnlcn to him several times, lint not receiving nny re ply, he: raised his whip to strike Iho mm ? — when, to tho inti.'nse horror of both gentlemen, the phantom nsaiunrd n cloud like mistv form, and vanished from th-;ir viow. Many people have since viuilcd the spot, but no clue to thn ghost story hna ever yet been discovered. — T. — Hay Standard. SouABFBR. Tim TiiAVBi.i.KK.-^ Writing about ficlin.'fer, the German traveller, the Rritdiffn Advertiser Rays : — ' Adversity, misfortune, nnd circumstances the occur rence of which he hal never anticipated, utterly exploded Schaefcr's bril ian' pro ject of trAVclling all nrcr tho fnee of tho civilized world, nt least for the time bein?. -The little man linn tecnpulied up in his pilgrimage, and hal boon compelled by sheer necessity to adopt the ordinary vo cations of life to. win the bread that pnrinheth. From associating with the illnstrions personages of -the world, nnd tjeing -;xtol!e.t as one of the wonders nf tho age, poor Schaefcr has boen redncml to the necessity of potting bis living by selling Bceon-l-hand jewellery in the city and suburbs of Sandhnrat.' As instancB ha' bson relnteil to us, on mndonbtcd aulhority, of tliB sajracity of a IIO^, WHICH. IllUlif'lji^ii ii-..u-uiii ,uuJ^-ruiiji.iiiii; ago, is n»vertheler?s worth .recording. A mother mi'ling her little boy, a child just ahln to tiiMlB. diiin.e eomelhine that lift might not to do in a yard in which a large 'Scotch 'collie do? had a Ucnnpl, adminis tered a sound slapping lo the youngRtcr, who, of course, squalled lustily. The A--9!. be.in?nt thelimq unchained, ran op to the child, and showing his tenth at the, mother, seized the. -little 'fellow \iy his: clothing, and -dragged h\ra into the ten nei ; and there kept him until the 'father came home, defying everyone else to ap proich the place in which he bad sheltered the child. This story has been told as by an eye-witness nf the occurrence, and as it serves to show the large amount of intelligence and sympathy which some d.'ijr* p.-»s«ess, we bare giv.cn it as we re ceived it. — Bendigo Adtciliter. 