LOCAL ITEMS. A PBIVATE telegram from Sydney shown to ut a day or two since states that Queensland National Bant shares are at 10s. premium, Hie . full number offf red to Sydney capitalists having been allotted ; /ind we lind a similar statement in one of the Courier3* telegrams. It. may he doubted whether the Queensland portion have yet been ell »pplied for, if not they will soon \- find their wuy into tho hands of Sydney people, whatever intention tba promoters uiny have hud to confine their issue to thia colony. AK indication of thc progrosi of Mackay will be found in the enlargement of the Mercury to the double-demy site. Tim is a wise step on the part of the proprietor, aod we hare no doubt that it will be amply justified by che increased support given to the paper by thc public. We observe in the Mercury't municipal report that the Government have consented to advance to tho Mackay Council the sum of £1200 out of tbs fund available fur loans to municipalities. THE Perseverance Crushing Machine, recently . carted from Bonnie Doon to Cawarral township, ? Was purchased on the 19th April from tho Joint ? Stock Bank, by Captain Hunter, for the hiyui rjdators of the Bonnie Doon Company. Captain \JJuntcr, we understand, is willing, if necessary, ' to take the machine into his own bends and set it to work upon tbs Cawarral Reefs. We heard yesterday that the reef formerly known as JOIIDSOD «, st New Zealand Gully, and supposed to be worked out, had been taken up by a German, who bsd struck rich stone both sbore and below the portion of the reef operated upon by j Johnson. The agents of the " Light Brigade " announce that the ship will sail on or about 15th June, and we understand that loading will now be proceeded with briskly. The "Light Brigade offers special inducements to passengers her rates of passage-money being very reason- able indeed, and the captain having proved him- self on the outward trip everything that could be desired in the commander of a passenger vessel. We observe also that colonists having a small package to send to their friends in England are promised that it shall be care- fully attended to. ODD Gladstone correspondent is brief this week. It runs as follows:-"A beautiful specimen cf gold with quarti is being shown here-part of a parcel found in previously un worked portion of Kelley's gully, Calliope ¿old-field. These diggings have formed for years a sort of family claim, but experience ehows they have as yet been but superficially worked, and ? that a rich field is left for the ' practical miner.-The Municipal Council have summoned various parlies for rates. No defence ? being made, judgment was given far thc Council. The magistrate remarked that an opinion appeared to prevail that the Council could sot recover tue rates for unoccupied allotments, but he could state on good authority . tbst tba Council oonld recover for such pro- perty." It is very gratifying to hear that tho quartz reef lately opened at the White Gate, noar the Rosewood Crossing on the Ballway, is turning out well. The "prospect" crushing of 2^ tons yielded 2 esl. 9 dwts. to the ton. Another lot of 18 tons bas just passed through Mr, Gannon's j crashing mill, with the highly satisfactory result of 89 on. S dwts. 6 grs.-rather over 3 ozs. to tho ton. Mr. Jardine, the Commissioner, con- j ? aiders the reef the best- looking he has ever seen in the distrust. It is very large and wall defined, extending throughout the Prospecting Claim end into Hos. 1 North and South. This last crushing is confirmatory of the Com ¡ missioner's opinion as to the value of tbs retf. ^^,j^;~J»famiaa^ jg_M°- \ Worth . aurpass that portion in the prospectors' area. < Bút in No. 1 Booti),,it is not so well defined, ".and it* value is of« more doubtful character. \- The surface indications are remarkably good, .nd we ehalt await with much interest the further testing of the ground by the sinking of . three or four shafts to a sufficient depth. TBS Revision Court for the electoral roll of Rockhampton was held ia the Court Homo on. the 9th and 10th April. On. the 9th, the nemes objected to were disposed of. Mr. Boddek, C.P.8., informed the Bench that he bad, in accordance with instruction! from tho Court of Examination, posted letters to the . liâmes and addresses of some 600 persons, real or imaginary, on the old roll, calling upon them to substantiate their qualification!, and chow cause why their names should not bs struck off the roll. Es hid also giren ample notice hy advertisement in the papers, of tile day appointed for the Revision Court. If ot a single peravn, it seems, put in an appearance on the 9th, and the whole 600 names were accordingly ?truck ont. The Court thou adjourned until, the following morning, wben the ? applications of persons claiming to be entitled to voto were oneidened. Of 400 applicants only about fifty Oppenrod in person, as required by the Electoral Act. The Bench, * however, did not sot up to thc strict terms of the law, bul admitted all those claims which to their knowledge appeared to be well founded, and many names were allowed to pass on the word of étrangers in court. The greater portion of the applications were granted. Persona qualified, who are not enrolled, will do well to send in their applications at once for the new roll to bs prepared in June and July, under the Elections Act of the present year. Under ' that statute every naturalised adult male who has been resident six months in any district, may claim registration without other qualifica- tion. But there is also a properly qualification, substantially the same as that under the exist \- ing Act, giving a vote to the holder although he may a non-resident. In future, however, all applications must be accompanied by a declara- J tion taken before a magistrate that the person holds the qualification named in Iiis application. WITH unqualified satisfaction «e publiai) tho following telegram.received by Dr. Salmond, the local Immigration Agent, on the 11th April: -" Brisbane, April ll.-Land withdrawn, and ?Ss to be proclaimed for immigration purposes. BOBBBT GBAT." This message, as man; of our readers are aware, refers to tho old lockup allotments on the river bank, advertised for sale i by suction on Wednesday next. We con- gratulate the Immigration Agent on the ' successful result of his representations, end the Government open the timely measures they have taken to prevent the alienation of the land, end to cause its permanent reservation for immi- gra1 ion purposes, lt is emphatically the beet available site for tho immigration depot, fnr many reasons. It is comparatively central, can be easily drained, and is close to the river, whence an ample supply of water for cleansing purposes will be always procurable. Admitting that drinking wster will still have to bc stored by means of tanks, or carted from the Yeppen Lagoon, the proximity of en ample supply of river water is a great advantage, and will effect an important saving on the present outlay. This will be understood when we state that eltbongh " Plows' knoll " is hemmed in by an almost impasssble ditch, ell the water needed by the immigrante, except the supply sometimes brid by the tanks, bas to bs carted to the barracks. For thc well-being of the immigrants, end the comfort of their employers, it is absolutely necessary that a profusion of water bc supplied for the work of purification, and this result can hardly be attained by the employment of water-carts, es in any COBS thc consumption of water hy 600 people must be very considerable. The most advantageous sile for thc barracks having at length been obtained, thc next business will be lo complete the good work by urging the Government to remove thc buildings. We hove reason to believe that the Government are already in possession of cetiuiutce for (he purpose, and that the expense of carrying it out would bc comparatively small. Aa the work will have to be done and no ndvuntage will be gained by delay, and as there is no unusual rcarcity of public money at thc pri sent lime, wc hope the Government will odinit thc expediency of prompitude by at once inviting tenden for tbs removal of the buildings. TBS determination of the Committee of thr Queensland Pastoral Society not to liold n show thia year ia much to be regretted. Thc Sosioty, flnaneially speaking, is in à most flourishing state, and therefore the suspension of the ehow does not arise from any lack of tim money necessary lo carry it through. Thc decision of tho Committee ia due, ne believe, to two causes ; firstly to the sparseness of exhibits, and secondly to tho threatening aspect of the weather. The fewness of exhibits arises, it ia said, partly from the new system of sheep-farming ; it bringa work of much labour and time lo select spacitnen sheep from large flocks running loose in paddocka ; and partly from the absence of competitive spirit. The unpromising appear- ance of the season, too, is said to hare bad much influence on the Committee. The rainfal of the past two months has been eo unusually sparse that apprehBnaions for the future are justifiably entertained. No heavy or soaking rains can now be expected for many months, »nd the state of the Springsure district is already discouraging enough te prevent distant etock ownersfromeendingvaluableproportytotheshow. AU things considered, therefore, pcrhapB the Committee have taken a wisecour-e ; and, in the event of the season proving more favourable than is now anticipated, the derision of the annual meeting will doubtless be to conduot the operations of the society with new vigonr. The dinner and tho races will bring a. largs assemblage of squattera together, and perhaps result in the adoption of measures for increasing the efficiency of thc Society. It is certainly an anomalous state of affairs whon the richest society of thc kind in the colony suspends operations with a large amount of money lying to its credit in tho bank. We observe from tho letter of our correspondent, sud the programme published in our advertising columns, that the Leichhardt Jockey Club does not suffer from the pressure of the times, the prizes offered being in advance, we believe, of nil former programmes. One pTizp, we notice, is for tho very respectable amount of £100. EARTHQUAKE.—A correspondent writes in the Brisbane Courier :—"A slight shock of earthquake was felt lately at Hawkwood and the adjoining parts of the Burnett ; the vibrations lasted about ten seconds. I was lying down, when I heard a noise like distant thunder, followed immediately by an undulating motion under me, which caused the whole building I was in to creak with the straining. A man who was lying outside on the ground informed me that it felt as if a series of waves were passing under him." ADEIAIDF.-Mr. A Bligh has giren notice of a motion in the Legislative Assembly, to the effect that the construction of a line of railway besween Port Augusta and Port Darwin would conduce to the interests of the colony, and that in the opinion of the House, a bill ought to be introduced authorising the alienation of blocks of land on each side of the line, so that a company might be encouraged to proceed with the work. Wheat is quiet at Ss. 5£d. to 5s. 6d. : a later telegram says, wheat sold at 6s. 6d., and ot that price there is good inquiry for it. Flour ' is in better demand.-S. 31. ITeraloVs Telegram , April 10. THE OVERLAND TELEOBITB.-A Melbourne telegram in the S. M. Herald ot the 11th April, eave:-"Ur. Stewart, President of the Brisbane Chamber of Commerce, interviewed the Post master-General to- day. He asked the co- operation of the Government with Queensland and New South Wales in chartering tho steamer " Governor Blackall " to convey telegrams between Port Darwin and Normanton. Mr. O'Grady said that until the combined views of the other Governments were known no action could bo taken in the matter. It would also bo necessary to obtain the consent of the South Australian Government to use the cable in the submitted1 for the laying7 of"ä roöoiid'oablipo»' would be glad to give it his consideration." MB. DnioN Cox's EXPEDITION.-A corres- pondent, dating from Flinders River, March 21, sends the following :-" For the interest of your readers I thought you might like to bo informed of the bush overland to Port Darwin, having commenced by this route. Thc first lot of stock-600 mixed horses belonging to Mr. Dillon Cox-passed hero on the lßtli instant, bound for tho Roper River, about 600 miles N.W. from Burketown, and 250 miles from Port Darwin. Hie horses were in fine travelling condition, and have been enabled to rear all foalB dropped on the road ; and Mr. Cox is most sanguine of reaching bis destination without hindrance. For the next 300 miles to Uurkc town he will have a good plain road, with abun- dance of grass and water. If this party go through safely, you may expect, to hear of cattle following ; at present the idea is prevalent that the country is full of poison. Ibo horses are intended .for forming a breeding station for sup- plying the Indian market."-C. B. Express. 8NAKE ADVEVTDBK.-A rather remarkable snake adventure occurred to Mr. Hodgkinson on Monday evening last, whilst walking on the road leading from the residence of Mr. T. H. Fitzgerald, to thc.mill of the Alexandra Planta- tion. About midway between the two p aces Mr. Hodgkinson, who was accompanied by his blackboy, came suddenly to u standstill, through j being startled by feeling some moving object in I the leg of hit trousers. At once divining that none but a member of the enako tribe could cause tho extraordinary changes of surface which the covering of his leg underwent every moment, and besides finding tho unmistakeable sensation of something tightly encircling . his leg, he made every possible exertion \- during which tho blackboy evinced the greatest terror and grief to see his masterin suoh a surprising predicament to shake the dangerous anima], ns it afterwards appeared, out of his nether garments i but not until he bsd removed his belt and partially his pants, did Mr. Hodg- kinson rid himself of the horrible encumbrance, which proved to bo a black snake sure enough, about four feet in length. The moment it saw the way clear it glided to the ground, and made off through the grass, neither Mr. Hodgkinson, who fortunately escaped being bitten, nor his blackboy making any effort to kill the creature, which had so singularly conducted itself. This is the mast astonishing snake-story wc ever recorded; we vouch for its truth in overy particular, and submit it as being of a morn sensational character than any other that hae been chronicled during the summer season. Mackay Mercury, April IS. QUEENSLAND AT THE SIDNEY EXHIBITION -The productions of Quconslaud (says the S. Sf. Btrald) arc, it seems, to bo well represented at thc next Exhibition in Sydney. At each of the three former shows, held under thc auspices of tho Central Agricultural Society, tho articles contributed by our neighbours in the northern colony hare, eo far ns they have displayed the wealth and industry of that colony, been amongst tho most interesting of thc exhibits. Mr. Walter Hill, director of the Brisbane Botunic Gardens, bas written to tho Secretary of tho Agricultural Society, stating that thc Quoonslund Government ure unxious that Queeesland shall bo represented on a larder scale than she has been at any former Exhibition held here, and asking for tba reserva lion of a large amount of space, eo that thc articles from that colony may bo all placed all together. It is probable that tho southern end of the gallery will be allotted for tho Queens- land section; and if so, there will be ample space for display, sud at tho same time the exhibits will occupy one of the most conspicuous I positions in tho whole building. Besides 'the exhibits which the Government will forward, we are to have many others, and amongst them one of Horace Emery's new cotton gius, which cleans and pucks at the same time. Some bales of cotton in seed will bc sent with thc machine so that the whole operation of ginning and packing cotton, from first to last, may he seen, A business firm in this city has promised to exhibit in operation a .' hand flour mill," which grinds or pulverises the grain, and also separat cs its constituent putts. The committee are now busily engaged in arranging and allotting spaces, for the various sections; and at thc monthly meeting to be held next Wednesday, the judges in the various sections will be appointed.; I THE VAMTE OF INSURANCE.-The stock end premises of Mr. Henry Pollock, of Grong Grong {«By« the Wagga Wagga Advertiser), lately destroyed hy fire, vere insured in thc Liverpool- and London and Globe Company. Th» demand, willi the necessary forms, was placed before the Board of Directors only on Thursday, 28tb, and nn Saturday morning Mr Pollock was handed a cheque for the amount. COFFEE NEAR MACKAT.-Intelligence has reached us tint deposits of copper ore hare been discovered somewhere in the neighbour hood of Denison Crook, and within seventy miles of Mackay. For a long time past the impression has existed that metallic deposits in that locality would be found, and wc therefore are not sur- prised to learn what we now believe may probably turn out a valuable discovery.. Our information at present is not definite enough to permit us noting anything more than (he fact of this discovery having boen made; but no doubt in the course of a few days wo shall be able to speak mors fully on the subject. Mercury, 13th April. Tnt.-Applications for tin selections (says the Courier of March 27) continue to be received at the Lands-office in great numbers. Yesterday, 21,220 acres in 13 sections were applied for, (he deposits in money amounting to £605 18s. This brings the total number of selections up to 256. Total area selected, 20,339 aores; total cash receivod, £6382 18s. -A sample of stream tin from the Blue Mountain Company's selection on Kettle Swamp, was on view, yesterday at Messrs. Flarelle Brothers, Queen-street, and on account of its richness attracted considerable attention. If the sample is s fair one of the quality of the mineral to be found on the land and in tho quantities stated by the proprietors, the selection must bs a very valuable one. The assry of a sample sent to Sydney gave 77 per cent tiu, which we understand is thc highest that has as yet beon obtained.-Tho same journal two days subsequently says:-There hus been rather a lull in the apnlicaliona fnr tin selections during the past two days. Only seven were received at the Land-office for Wednesday and yesterday, | comprising an area of 280 acree. The deposits amounted to £93 16s. This brings tho total number of applications received up to 2G3 ; total area selected, 20,619 acres ; total cash received, £6476 14s, Arr experiment (says an cxcliangc), has been mada in tho neighbourhood of Hobart Town which, if not perfectly successful, may eerie as a useful precedent.' An out-of-door theatrical performance was giren at Rosny, on tho bonis j of thc Derwent, and served to attract a large j concourse of spectators. These things are com- mon enough in the South of Europe, and aro or were so, in tho Champs Elysees at Paris. Why not in Australia? During the Bummer months a badly-ventilated and artificially-heated theatre is a place of torment and a nursery of disease. Tho atmosphere is literally poisoned by the animal magnetism thrown off by eo many hundreds of persons crowded together in a small space, a large proportion of them dirty, and a certain percentage diseased. Deprived of its oxygen, tho air becomes unfit for respiration, and the whole system is lowered and debüated i in consequence. A feeling of exhaustion euper venes, and people wonder why they are so depressed st night and so languid next morning. And this sort of thing goes on from year to year, ia a climate peculiarly favourable to al fresco entertainments. Wo pride ourselves eo J much upon our common sense 1 H.M.8. Basilisk returned yesterday from her cruise on the northern coast or Australia. During her absence from this port she has, visited the various pearl fishing stations in Torres Straits, and also Warrior Island, and has fixed the position of a doubtful reef reported to exist off Soddlo Island, and which lies in the N.E. tract of vessels bound up. Tho native missionaries on Cornwallis Island haviug run jhprt of try1- ".J " '"j1 ?"?»?«n^ay -to onralu supplies ol provisions from the natives, had communicated with Warrior Island, where they rîcèivîfl' every assistance, and wena, liberally 1 suppliod with food, &C-;, by the resident super- intendent of the fishing station, and but for this timely assistance they would hare perished. The Basilisk has also been instrumental in saving some of the crew of the ill-fated brig j ntaria, and UUB brought into port (in tow) the j schooner Peri, which was picked up at sea with Islanders on board, tho particulars of which have already appeared. The Basilisk has, doubtless, had a most trying time, but has returned without having suffered any mishap, and has curried out her mission successfully. -S. M. Herald, April 5. iNciriENT REDELLION. - The following "manifesto" has been issued and signed by British end other white residente of Fiji: "Declaration of Freedom.-Wc, -white resi- dents of Fiji, solemnly declare that wc do not, and will not, recognise or countenance in any degree whatever, the right of a few British subjects forming the so-called Government of Fiji, at Lesuka, to coerce their countrymen or any white man, into obedience to their assumed authority, for thc reasons . following :-1. Beoousc we now have it opon high official and legal authorities, that British subjects can hare no right whatever to constitute themselves a Govecnmont without leave oo license of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain. 2\. Because it would be a violation of the laws of our respectivo nations if we assisted, directly or indirectly, in giving effect to any assumption of power. Wc, tho undersigned, therefore pledge ourselves to protect each other against any attempt of the so-oalled Government to collect taxes, or to restrain any one of us from the free exercise of our rights, pending the decision of the British Government in reference to the so called Government of Fiji. British and other w hite residents of Fiji who may not join in this manifesto are earnestly enjoined to abstain from interfering with the rights or with the freedom of other British eubjects, or those of white residents. Finally, we invite all British subjects, and the white residents generally, to unite in this movement for our mutual protection." After this no surprise need be felt at tho follow- ing intimation :-" The Levuka Rifle Association is progressing very favourably. The roll of members is increasing constantly, and a large number are to bo proposed for membership ut next meeting. Thc rango on Mount Vernou has been meaaured into distances, and temporary butts erebted for practice, and an order has been sent to the colonies for a proper target. The gentlemen wbo are at the bead of the association are determined it shall prosper, and are working energetically with that object in view." BA tri s M IN A RIVÉE.-During the tour made by tho Anglican bishop of Goulburn («aye the Goulburn Herald), the following incident occurred :-In the afternoon at 3 p.m., a remarkable spectacle vue witnessed in the immediate neighbourhood of Común tig. Tho Bishop, Desisted by tue Kev. *J. G. Love, administered (be sacrament of baptism to two udulu, a brother und a Bieter, in the Turoei ¡ River. For Borne years the subject of their ! baptism had been under consideration by thc successive clergy of the dislvicÍL. Being satv&üed 1 tlivy wera qualified candidato», the Bishop con scute d to respect ih'ir scruples, o nd tu baptize them by immersion. A congregation being assembled on the margin of thu Tuross Birer, the service for tho " public baptism of euch us are of riper years" wac road by Mr. Love and thc Bishop. They then both entered the river to a sufficient depth, leading the male adult hy tho band j thc Bishop pronounced the words, " I baptize thee in thc name of the Father, and of the Sou, and of the Holy Ghost," he was completely immersed in the water. Having raised him, and " received him into tho congregation of Christ's fl »ck" they pursued a BÍ m i Ur course with the sister, ^lauding on either eido and firmly holding the adult by thc hand, they dipped the catechumen entirely in thc wutcr in uceo rd unce with tho alternative in the rubric of the service for adult baptism-" and then shall dip him in the water, or, ic.*' It waB n scene never to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. Thc spectators were somewhat surprised to sec thc Bishop walking eadity into deep water, being, himself con- siderably immersed. The novelty and solemnity of thc occurrence left & deep impression, and the baptised persons were much affected. SATJÎS OF FAT STOOK IN VICTORIA.-The Melbourne Economist recently published n statistical return, abo« Ina tho quantity of etocli sold weekly during 1871, et tho public tale yards of Melbourne, Ballarat, and Sandhurst.' Tho results «ra es follow :-Mclooitrne, 81,8« head of cattle, 4423 calves, 1,226,856 sheep, 70,468 lambs ; Bullara*, 23,862 head of entile, 1657 calves, 681,833 sheep, 34,490 Iambs : Sand- hurst, 23,092 head of cattle, 2397 calves, 215,323 sheep, 24,310 lambs. These figures cannot be cousidered us indicativa of the exact consump- tion of animal food, os some of the stock sold in the two latter markets may afterwards be ¡ offered again in the metropolis. They merely show how largely tba public sale yards erected hy thc municipal authorities of these towns arc availed of by stockowners, ic. GOING AKKAD.-South Australians have hitherto been regarded es rather slow io their ways. Becent events, however, oueht to relieve them of this character. Tho Adelaide correspon- dent of the Hamilton Spectator thus writes : "y?e startled the world by rushing single- handed into the groat overland telegraph scheme end have perhaps brought the ridicule of the world on our heads for our great failure ; but the latest idea of all is a proposition to construct a railway ocrosa the continent. Private enter- prise flatters itself under tbe idea that where Government has to suspend a wire it can con- struct a railway. Thc prospectus which has been issued includes the names of many of our most influential merchants, and proposes to make Forts Augusta and Darwin tho termini, and to nearly follow the telegraph tine. The distance is something liko 1600 miles, and sup- posing a railway could be constructed at £3000 per mile, the enormous sum of £4,800,000 would bo absorbed in tho undertaking. Hodgson's parent wire ropo tramway is about to be experimented upon here. A prospectos is before the public for the purpose of forming a company to construct a wira rope tramway, to be carried on strong posts, twenty-five to the mile, and the project is being entered Into by a number of small investors. The total cost is set down at £6500, although thc company has a nominal capital of £10,000." MoNsr i Dava is ms MABMI.-Tho Treasurer, (ot New South Wales) in negociating his last loan (says the Sydney Mail) has reaped the full advantage of (ho plethora of the money market. For his Treasury Bills, which arc to have a currency of two years and a quarter, and to bear interest st tho rate of fire per cent per annum, bc only wanted a shade more than the third of a million, and the quantity offered him was very near a million and a half. It is possible that many ol the tenders were simply duplicate offers, but at the same timo there can bo no doubt there was a large surplus of what was bond fide. Tho Treasurer accepted £200,000 at eighty-one shillings premium, and £60,000 at eighty shillings, but declined to take anything on lower terms, preferring to invite fresh tenders for the balance. This is very nearly equivalent to borrowing at par at 3,per cent-a state of things unknown in the colony before. It is quite clear that there is no need to go to England at present for short loans, and probably it is equally unnecessary to go for a long loan. There never was a time so opportune for establishing in the colony a small local national debt, which will be invaluable to investors, and especially to trustees requiring safe investment with a minimum of risk. It is to bo boped that if tb> forthooming Estimates contain a proposal foro lean, tho Treasurer will float it in the colony, but at present it is uncertain by what Ministry the next Estimates will be presented and still more uncertain ss to whether partisan politics will not intrude into those departments of finance which ought to be dealt with solely as national questions. A YAUN FOB THE CBBOTKHTS.-A corres mconHMlnblc proof that the Condamine cod ia more voracious in its appetite than the Darling TWns land sharl- He ecjs the shark play» with his victims (the dummies) and always "hutthers them up^Tiefore he " slidders them down," but the cod treats his in a more summer manner, by swallowing them at ono gulp. Two instances are furnished in proof of this state- ment. One of a cod that was pulled out of the river near Ur. Oxenlntm's tho other day with a full grown opposum in its maw. Another was caught on Monday near the Government Bridge, and sold to Mr. Dinte, of thc Commercial Hotel ; it weighed twenty pounds, and was sent to the kitchen, with orders to tho cook-a heathen Chinoe- to prepare it for breakfast, as a number ot eherebrokers and tin mine speculators who wore staying at the hotel would enjoy it es a treat. Tho Chinaman eyed thc fish with one of bis most*'pensive end childlike emiles," seised his codsbip by the gills, merely remarking with the nil admirari so peculiar to his countrymen, " him welly fat pella," and commenced opera- tions forthwith, but was not a little surprised to find an alligator (? lizard) about two feet long "stretched at its ease in the stomach of the fish." The alligator was dead, and must bare been swallowed at the first go, as there was not the slightest sign of a scratch on the corpse. The Chinaman gave tho alarm, which spread like wild-fire round the neighbourhood. Lots of people, including tho Mayor, went to see the phenomenon. An inquest was extemporised in a few minutes. No one disputed the fact that the cod and the alligator were both dead, but it was not quite clear bow the alligator came by his end, or which end went down first, and the Chinaman, in tho bewildered state of bis mind, forgot which end came out first. TEA.-The culture of tea (soys the Sydney Hail) is making way in California. Where there are BO many Chinese, and n climate adapted to the plant, this is not surprising. It is true that as good tea can bs produced in Cali- fornia ss in any part of China. The tea-shrub in Japan end China is an evergreen from four to six feet high, with a straight stem, and numerous irregular branches. When growing wild it reaches the height of from fifteen to twenty feet. The stem is of a bright grey colour; tho branches chestnut, and tho wood hard, with a peculiar odour. On the young brandies are the short soft green leaves of an elliptical shape, arranged in intervals, with ser- rated edges, resembling closely the leaves of the wild rose. Between tho leaves spraut the blossoms, which aro at first of a rose colour, but in tba course of their development assume lighter hues, and, finally, when full-grown, have the colour of en ordinary tea rose. On the fading away of tho flower the ovarium below is found to be full of seeds. These seeds contain a great amount of oil, which is used in medicine. It appears to be the custom in Cali- fornia to (raise the plants from eeed which is planted in rows, from four to six inches deep, very much ss, beans arc. It is rather difficult however, to get them to grow. They are putin ' in Iforeniber, and may bc expected to seud up tho sprout to tho surface in about a month. By the May following there ¡B a plant of about fourteen inches in height, covered with tender i leaves, of which it is denuded. These leaves aro put into a copper pan and roasted, then placed in baskets and swung in thc wind until dry i 1 then roasted again, rolled in the palms of the bands to separater tho IcaveB and prevent their crumbling into powder, and finally subjected to another baking, then being reBdy for market. Black teas are roasted three tinges ; green but i once or twice. The trees are kept about three feat in height, and produce good crops for about should have the morning sun, and be on the south side of a bill, or the leaves droop, and the tea becomes inferior. When we see industries such es tea and silk production flourishing iu California in u climate not dissimilar to our own, thirtt It is necessary that tho plant ; we may perccivo thc advantage of the establish- ment of constant communication with a people so much olive to their own interests, and so ready to tate od vantage of every favourable circumstance. Wc ngrce willi Mr. Dully, who, in speaking of thc mail service running between I Melbourne und San Francisco, said-"Wo want access to the United tí tutee because they can teach us the industrial and social arts by wilie li I a new nation rises lo prosperity." It is very certain that we cannot como into contact with j them without acquiring a ready-handed method i of dealing with circumstaucee, and decidedly [ »hort cut» to success. SINGULAR CATTLI OISEASE.-The Mantling ! Uiver hem states tliat a singular disease ii I destroying Ibo cattle about Bed Bank. WP understand tho eymptouii ure alike in all cate«, but that no one has been able to recognise the disease. Alter death the stomach is found to be tull of norms about an inch long and un ! usually brood. These creep into the throats of the cattle in large numbers and seem to suffocate them. Tnt! YANKEES IST POLYNESIA.-Tho Apis correspondent of the S. M. Serali writes : " By the arrival tliii week of the U.S. ship-of-wer i " Haraganea " wo learn the important fact that I the Americans have assumed a protectorate over I these islands. They nt present fly their flag at Tutuila only t but this is, of course, merely preparatory to taking all the rest of the group, vis., 8srai and Upolo, under their guardianship. They bare erco gone so far as to declare that np other Power can be allowed to interfere with this group-that is, as regards those particular paris of it which have not as yet come under American rule, if one may use the word at such an early period. This determination of the Washington Government bas somewhat taken us by surprise, for it was to Prussia that most eyes were directed as likely to be the future Power in these waters. As it is, however, men willingly acquiesce in what haB been done, and see in the stars and stripes a measure of future prosperity for Samoa similar to that enjoyed by "tho Sandwich Islands." Captain Clulow of the " Susana!) Booth," report» that war commenced at Apia on Sunday, February 26th, and lasted several days. The forts, oreoted by the Samoans, were built in dangerous proximity to the houses of white settlers. The residence of the American Oonsul, Pilot Hamilton, and others were barricaded with bags of cotton seed and hardwood planks. It was reported that several chiefs bad been killed, at a village eastward of Apia-whilst at the latter place, one man was, killed, and a girl had her arm shot off. The American war ship "Narragansefc" from Honolulu, arrived at Apia in pursuit of Captain Hughes, with the intention of taking him to San Francisco, where charges of a criminal nature hare been made against him. He WSB taken on board tho "Narragansett," and detained there four days ; but after full inquiry was acquitted of the charges, there being nothing more against him than " being sharper than those with whom be had been dealing." Captain Hayes had charge of a fine brig, which was reported as being armed, and having a large crew, but no arms were found, end bis crow was proved to be short of the required number. The " Narroganset,' had been at Panga Pangs, Tuituilo, which harbour, it was rumoured, her commander had secured for a naval station ; making arrangements also for the calling there of American mail steamers, to the exclusion of other powers. 