Cbc flmtntr itt mßnw \--o Tr is said-but, mind you, I don't vouch for tho facfc L Us Excellency tho Administrator, was agreeably irised a', an early hour yesterday morning byreee.pt f a íekgram from Melbourne, to the following effeet ; To tho Administrator of tho Government, Clear out Incontinently. Tho language was cart, but not difficult to understand and it conld bo easily perceived that our now Qovorno: Sir Hercules Robinson, was a man of fow words, and nc io bo trifled with. Ho will have a levee, of course, soo: after his arrival ¡ and I hopo that tho peoplo who ntteni tbat ceremony mil not attempt to behave in tho dis orderly manner in which some aro said to.havo conductc< themselves on tho Queen's Birthday. I find in th( JfcralcZ a paragraph- evidently not by one of tho staff bat apparently from a sonrco of authority- complaining bitterly, and oven painfully, of tho want of attention io tho dotails and minuto points of etiquette. Thc writer of tho paragraph commences in a jerky, frotfnl style, thus : " Notwithstanding our admonitory notice on tho morning of tho 21th instnnt, ns to tho urgent necessity, for all persons attending tho levco to I.BAVE CABDS, should they desire to have their prosenco chronicled, a considerable number of gentlemen, IIB asnal, seem to have paid thoir respects to thc represen («tiroof lier Majesty without leaving any cards at all !" This is shocking enough j but tho following really borders upon tho atrocious : j As a rule, thc numerous members of the public bodies ( enter by a side door) very tchlom ¡cava mrite anywhere that-as tiley all sweep onward, iiiiannmmcoil. In n unbroken die, past tho bewildered aide-de-camp-It maj bulli truthfully ami poetically salt!, "Their nanice aro II heard." They are, indeed, «over mentioned nt all, ex whea tho appellations of as many as tho Introducer maringc tn recollect aro breathed In an agitated, .fm whisper, Into the car of lils Excellency. Generally, all members of tho " public bodies" flit by, asmany of thom cn Friday last-unnotlclng and unnoticed, not even seeing their unseemly liaste, thc high official to whom they ara s posed to he paying tholr rcspcots. It ls not avery cosy t fnjfanuyto recognlzo long fllcsof iiiiannniuicc j persons ru log hy (like tho royal ghosts lu Macbeth) In varied and i familiar costumes. This is too bud, and I cnn sympathise .with tho ind: Mst.feelings of tho "high official" alluded to, a Wham these hurrying crowds, it appears, do not ev look at. Howover, " H. Robinson" seems to bo i unlikely man to stand this kind of nonBCnso, and will soon make us learn how to attend a lovoe. Tho Pope of Rome, though leading a lifo of somo Eccl DOD, appears to hnvo becomo au object of considérai] .talion on tho part of distinguished tmvolloi Besides tho Princo and Princess of Wales, tho Kir of Denmark, and other magnates had boen to seo h Holiness ; but I was not prepared for thc umiouuc neat modo by an acquaintance yesterday, ns an nctui fact, that Mr. D. Buchanan, M.P., had signified, hi intention of paying his respects to tho occupant of th Vatican. " Impossible 1" I said, in a tone of astonisl mont. But, no I My informant declared that ha wn not in tho least mistaken. Ho " seen it in tho ' Ernld,' md that was sufficient. I havo since been told tim tia gentleman alluded to is Sir J. Buchanan ; but m, finit informant persists in it that ho ÍB right, and tba Hr. David Buchanan is tho party who is about to pro coed to Roma. In that casa, I presumo that there wit bo a vacancy for the Wostern Gold Fields, and a nov election. And, by-tho-byo, tho Ministerial ro-olcctioni being nil qniotly over, tboro is no need to refer to nnj of them oxcepting that of Kowcastle where, indeed, there seems to hnvo been some little fun. I wondei »hollier Mr. Lloyd, is a Scotchman P I don't maka thc inquiry impertinently, but for reasons. I find that ai fha Burns Festival in Edinburgh lately, Dr. Btackio Jclivorod a speech, in which ho oxpreasod his doop regret at tho absence of tho quality of self-ostoem, in tba characters of Scotchmen, particularly of Edinburgh men. I confess I was snrpriscd.'at this assertion-it seemed so contrary to appearances. But I was reminded of it by tho speech of Mr. Lloyd to his constituents nt Kowcastle. I dara say that when Longfellow tho poet composed tho well-known lines quoted by Mr. Lloyd, ho lad in view a man of oxactly that gentleman's mental puifications and physical gifts-a Bayard, anns puer et tant reproche j a Chrichton, of multifarious aecom. plishrncnts ; an intellectual genius, towering fnr abovo (lunary humanity, nud still shouting " Excelsior." At til events, Mr. Lloyd appears to have applied to himself Ibo passago wo havo referred to, and ho informed his constituents accordingly. I presumo that ho laid ono land upon his breast, nnd threw tho other aspiringly ibovo his head, as ho recited : J.!ICH ofonuAT men «ll remind «s Wo may mnko oun OWN sublime. And, departing, leuvo behind, us Footprints on tho winds of tinto 1 footprints, ch ? I boliovo you my hoy ; nnd pretty lrido and deep footprints too. Sublime, is it ? Arrah go 'long ont of that ; It's both greatness and sub- limity; nnd tho Newcastle peoplo nro very lucky fellows. Wednesday last, I haro just been reminded, was "Eojal Oak Day," famous in our boyish days, or at least in mino, for oak leaves stuck in. tho breast button- holes; for reminiscences of lloscobel Houso, and fora äsvonring passion for Sir Walter Scott's novel of Woodstock, and sympathy with tho sentiment, Yet Heaven will maleo amends for all. Whim tim Kinn shall onlov his own armin. For WASN'T I n Royalist nnd n cavnlior of tho trat irater in those dnya, in ray own estimation ! Tlio idolatrous loyalty of old Sir Henry Leo of Ditehloy, ind tho scrapes and liair-brcadtli escapes of tho scape paco diaries Stuart, wero subjects for my wnrmoit .¿"miralion ¡ and as to Oliver Cromwoll nnd his *' prick tared romnlhcnds," I could have consigned thom all to ibo halter. I havo changed my opinions not a littlo tinea that timo, " Old Rowley" is no longer, in my miad, tho gracious nnd gracofnl Prineo who was " up a tree" whou Cromwoll's dragoons rode under it ; nnd ns lo "014 Nou'Mrhusolf, wo may perhaps want another moll beforo long. Howovor, in connection with ' ' Royal Oak Day," tho "Happy Restoration of his Majesty," «sd other ohsolote superstitions of tho days of our .Mosconeo, I would draw tha attention of your readers lo a capital illustration in tho London Graphic Of tho 2ml Vnnh In ot Amnnn-af. n nntnlmr rf engravings having reference to tho Qnoon'f visit to St. Pnnl's, thoro is ono of "Paul's "Walk" .>'I appoarod in tho days of tho Morry Monarch. Wng to a ramarkablo dofoot in that othorwiso oxcol knt periodical, no letter-press explanation nccomponios Ho plato, and tho forv words of tho kind that nppoar in toother pago give no nooount of tho company. Foro ?Ost is tho figuro of tho King himself, whoso rosomhlanco toalato Govornor-Gonornl of this colony will ho soon nt .glanco, whilo tho gallant who literally hows to tho pound beforo him nooma oxaotly tho kind man to make »Sguro nt court. By tho sido of tho King ls an ocelo Hastio whoso faco, on onnvns or on papor, is familiar, .odby his sido, again, nnd apparently " loy ins down tho UV to Ibo Bishop, is tho Jester Killigrom 1 Over the Bag's shoulder poops tho hnndsomo face of Boehostor ""ling ns ho bows to a lady ) and tho wholo plcturo is Wrtb examining, as on historical skotch-tho Moorish JaSowHh tho two King Charles' spanlols, tho domuroly tojnotllBh (fiances of Bomo of tho oity damos, and tho ''wring lookB of thoir spouses, making up tho scone. Talking of pictures, thoro ÍB in n »hop window in Wllism.Btroot, "Woolloomooloo, an engraving which I va tvn must havo attracted tho attention of tho «nions, though it has probably boon overlooked by "wy. It represents "A Literary Porty at Sir Joshua I .wxnolds' " and tho portraits of tho company aro oxcol. j wt, according to all tho authorities wo havo for refer I "¡«o- Thoro is Dr. Johnson, doing tho " Slr Ornelo," »WoBiwoll, ecateu a little in tho roar, listens with ' obsorrnut niockut-ss ; und scattered around wo hnvi Reynolds, Garrick, Olive:- Goldsmith, Edmund Burke , and other literary ¡md artistic celebrities. I only refoi to tbeso thing* because, genorally speaking, they attract but littlo notice hore, although they aro studies tu themselves. Throo coroner's inquests which invito nomo remnrks have boon hold in tho city this week. Ono of those that of the miserable girl who is believed to have dca troyed her own offspring-I should bo sorry to say more about than that, in spito of tba stern demands of jnstico, a thrill of pity involuntarily arises ; and I hopo that the prisoner, who may well bo supposed to have boon beside herself when abo committed tho crimo, if sho "did no, will bo provided with tho means for her dofenco. As to tho caso of tho pcraon who committed suicido when ho had ¿61-100 in his pocket, I nm astounded, and can't account for it at all ! Tho poor follow must havo beon as mad as a March have. Why if I liad .£1400 in my pocket, instead of thinking about suicide, my heart would havo been, ns tho benevolent Mr. Samson Brass said that his was on a certain mcmorablo morning-"a-singingof comic sougswithiu me." Even in those times of mines and miuimr. monev. I should think, is uot so plentiful us to becoino nblioi rent, nnd frighten n follow out of tho world. Thoro is myjlory nhout tho mailer. Tho third inquest was tha upon Mary Molloy, whom tho driver of n cart in th ity of Sydney ran over and killed-for sho died som -ftcrwards. This was ono of those coses which callee or exemplary treatment. It was deposed that tho mo wns driving tho cart ulong with tho roins in his hand whon tho poor woman tried to cross tho road. TI» driver cried " hoy," mid this seems to have boon nil lu did to ovoid a collision. Tho unfortunate woman be came confused, other vehicles, no doubt rushing nloug besides tho cart that was bearing down upon her ; and, being unable to get out of tho way, sho was knocked I down, nnd so injured that her death ensued. And th's tlio jury doclarcd to bo a caso of accidental death I lu vain tho Coroner strovo to hammer into their heads tho stuto of tho law. They wanted, indcod, to append a rider to their verdict, censuring tho driver for reckless- ness . but common-senso, if not law, might havo told thom that this was tantamount lo a verdict of man- slaughter. But they stuck to "nccidontol death," and sa tho man got oft ; and wo may oxpoct soon to hoar of moro cases of thc kind. Tho travels and adventures of Dr. Livingstone pre- miso hercaftor to becomo ns famous as thoso of Baron Munchausen and Captain Lomucl Gulliver. Only tw or throe days ago you published tho following para- graph : As alosorof himself, says tho fjouisnillc Courier, Dr. Living- stone Is without a parallel {n'hlstory. For our part we can't seo tho nsoin spending so much idlo time aii'd money to And a man who can't bo li'rod to stay found, and wlm Is no«!r h ippy but when ho ls lost. But now tho Suez mail has arrived, and informs us thn LivingBtono has turned up ngain, all right;- this tent or twentieth account of his safoty after ho had bee killed and eaten, had boon starved to death, had died o fever and ague, and had hoon irretrievably lost in th mountains, having boen received by way of tho Sue Caunl ; so I supposo wo shall, havo a spell of anothe month or two before tho Doctor is killed or lost again Apropos of exploration, I have a speculation to ? floa I which deserves a great deal moro attention than, j I fear, it is likely to receivo from tho rude and incredulous. What do ron say to an oxpcditioi for prospecting the Into lino of carthqnako on thc American continent, from California to Mexico ? Aboul a million and a half of square miles in one of tho most auriferous regions of tho earth have boon all moro or loss disturbed or thrown up, and tho minor would find mosl of his work dono ready to his hand. Don't montion this to anybody ¡ but I think of it seriously, as " a good thing," and worth going into. I only hopo that mj idea will not depopulate tho Australian colonies. As you have nows from all quarters, I won't encroach further upon your spaco than suffices for a couple oí anecdotes. Ono relûtes to tho benefits of advertising, and is undoubtedly truo : An editor who wanted a dog advertised to tho following ofTeflt!-I will take a gcod dog lu payniontof ono year's sufi scrïptiou." Thc no?:t day forty dogs were neut to the niïïee. Thc day afterwards, whon tho news lind spread out Into the country, 400 farmers sent two dogs apleco by express, with eight baskets full ot puppten, all marked O.O.D. Tho aiTer found Its way Into neighbouring State», and before tho end of thu week tliero «ero 8000 dogs tied with ropes. In tho editor's f.-ont and back yards. Government tax, at 1 dollar each, £001 dollars. Tho other story, which is, no doubt, quito ns true UB tho first, gives ns warning that wo must bo cautious in our interpreting of any Dutch telegrams from Java, whon wo aro placed cn rapport with that island : A Dutch correspondent writes :-In tho Java llotlc received hy last mall, I find tho following curious Interpretation of n t.-lcgratn. Mr. Heater wired, when it hail bccn^nnnouticod that Mr. Brand would ho elected Speaker of tho Ilouro of Commons, " rropo'od limul Siwaker." The Jletle translated these wonts an follows -"Alen Iiceft voorgosttlrt den Voorzittcr to brandmcrken"-that I«, "It Is proposed to braml (to mark with a red-hot lion) tho Speaker." Well I Members of Parliament, according to their own accounts of each other, often aro branded, and rounded up, and ynrdod off, until drafted out to vote ; so that tho Dutchman was not so vory far out after all. 