A MYSTERIOUS VISITOR. j In the year 1704 a gentleman, ap parently of a large fortune, took for-, nished" lodgings in a house in Soho Square. After he had resided there gome weeks with his establishment, he lost his brother, who on his deathbed particularly, -desired -to -be interred -in the familr vault at Westminster Abbey. The gentleman requested his landlord without hesitation signified bis compliance. The body, dressed in a white shroud was accordingly brought in a very handsome coffin'arid'placed in a great dining-room. The funeral was to take piace the nest day, and the lodger and his servants went out to make the necessaiy/preparations for the, solemnity. He efeyed out late; but thin was no uncommon thing. _ The landlord and his family conceiving that they had no occasion to wait for biirij retired to bfed as usual about 12 o'clock. One maid-servant was left up to let him in, and to boil some \ water, which be had desired might be ready for making tea on his return. The girl was accordingly sitting all alone in the kitchen, when a tall, spectre-looking figure entered and dap ped itself down in .a chair opposite to her. The maid was by no means one of the most timid of her sex; but she was terrified beyond expression, lonely as she was, at this unexpected appari tion. Uttering a loud scream, she flew out like an arrow at a side door, and hurried to the chamber of .her master and mistress. Scarcely had she awak ened theip, and communicated to the. whole family some- portion of the fright with which she was herself over whelmed, when the spectre, enveloped in a shroud,'and witn a facfe of death like paleness made its appearance, and sat down, in a chair in. >the bedroom without their having observed how it entered. vThb'^orse of all was that the chair stood by the door of the bid chamber, so that not a creature could get away without passing close to the apparition, " tfhicV rolled , its glaring1 eyes fiigbtfofly, and so hideously dis torted its features, that they could ,not , bear to look at it, The master and mistress crept under the bed-clothes covered with profuse perspiration, while the maid-servant sunk nearly in sensible by the side of the bed.- At the same titae the ^hole house seemed in an uproar; for, thougn they had covered themselves over head and ears, they could still hear the incessant noise «T»i clatter, which. served to increase their, terror. At length all became perfectly still in the house. The land lord ventured to raise his head, and to steal a glance at the chair by the door; but behold the ghost was gone; sober reason began to resume its power. The j girl was brought to herself after agood j deal of shaking. In a short time they plucked up sufficient courage to quit ( the bedroom, and to commence an ex amination of the. house, which they ex pecjsed to find in great disorder. . Nor -were their anticipations unfounded; the whole house had been stripped by artful thieves,' and the gentleman had decamped without-paying for his lodging.' . It turned out that he was no other than an accomplice of the noto rious Arthur, Chambers, who was exe cuted at. Tyburn, -1706 j and ihat the supposed corpse was the arch rogue himself, who had whitened his hands and fcceWith chalk, and merely coun terfeited; death. About midnight he quitted Jfte eoffiri, and appeared to the maid in the kitchen. When she flew upstairs he softly, followed her, and seated at the door of the chamber, he acted -as ar sentinel, bo that his indus trious ^accomplices were enabled to plunder the house without. the least molestation. 