MODERN GHOSTS. " Are there really such things as ghosts, mamma ? Do you believe that Hamlet really saw one ?" asked a little girl of seven years old, look ing up from the Shakspeare she was gravel? studying. The mother, a great actress, and one of the most remarkable women ot the day, re plied, "No, my dear, but Hamlet, you know, might have thought he saw his father's." The cbild read on for some time, silently ; then, look ing up again, she said, " Ah, but Hamlet's friends wouldn't have thought that they saw it." This is werth more than the sharp speech of a clever child generally is. The discrimination between the exoited state ef one mind, compared with that of the other actors on the scene, is easier, indeed, on the boards or in a book than it is in real life ; still it is the only fair test to which we can put the many marvellous tales to which we are asked to give credence. Wbat was the state of mind of the person or persons bearing testi mony to these supernatural events at the time of their occurrence ? In most cases this is exceed ingly difficult to arrive at. The Danish gentle men upon guard on the platform at ELsinore, witnessing the apparition three successive nights, aad without personal interest or undue excite ment in the matter, would be accepted as more trustworthy evidences than the half frenzied prince iu a court of justice. We seldom feel sure that the imagination of the actors in sack stories was not prepared to receive certain im pressions. One thing is certain, at least: we should have but a poor idea of anyone who could sleep in a " haunted room" without fenoying that a figure stood ready to emerge from its dark oorner all night long. The belief in spiritual manifestations, which has existed from the earliest times, has in the present age assumed a speoial form. The ghosts who go through their manual exercise at the word of command from Mr. Hume, have a large and increasing number of adherents. But it is not of the rapping spirits, palpable as well as visible, that we would now speak. The ex periences of Dr. Garth Wilkinson and others have oome before the pnblio in sufficiently varied forms to render any farther account of them un necessary. The story, however presented, is always the Bame. " Hands, hands, hands !" with apparently no better employment tban to snatch up candlesticks, gather myrtle-twigs, and whisk away pocket-handkerchiefB, for, as Dr. Watts in forms us, Satan still sime Huajliiefs flads Far idle hands to do In these utilitarian days, people are inclined to question the reality of such useless supernatural agents; but tken, who ever beard ofapra3'Ical ghost? We are not aware that the Witch of Eu- dor was of much good in her censr-iiionj and in our own, eketro- biology, which hss worked its way into almost universal sccet anee, is certainly the most useless of marvels. We cannot jadu- these questions in such a manner. The teste often applied to clairvoyance, for this reason, seem to us unfair. It proves nothing, that though, the clairvoyant can read the letter in our pocket, he cannot tell us the. pern strata? of f-.H» Waterloo bridge murder. Tne information would be more valuable in one case than in the other; but to decide the question .on such evidence- is to judge a science, the anatomy of which we but imper fectly understand, and whose laws are as yet un determined by determined and arbitrary rules And so of ghosts. The concurrent testimony of more than one witness, the frame of mind, and conditions under which the apparition is said to have been seen — these are the only points that should, in common fairness, determine our accep tance or rejection of any etory whatever. If we begin to ask what object there can be etc., etc., we are judging by a standard that evidently will not admit of application to theology, or even to natural history, in all cases. With this premise, we in vite the attention of the impartial reader to some anecdotes which have struck us as sufficiently re markable to induce ns to rescue them from the fate attending all oral tradition, i. e.t amplifica tion and distortion. They are simple and circum stantial statements, the actors in which may be relied on as trustworthy witnesses. Mrs. A., a lady who has well earned her world wide reputation, related to as the following anec dote herself. She had been spending a summer's day with a party of friends among some ruins, whence they adjourned to the mansion of a Quaker gentleman in the neighbourhood, where they all dined. Daring dinner, someone asked whether the rains were haunted,, when Mrs. A observed that the various members of their host's family looked grave, and the sob, ayonngman who sat near her, was beginning to explain, bat his father sternly reproved him for vain talking, and the conversation dropped. But woman curiosity was naturally exoited, and when they , adjourned to the garden after dinner, Mrs. A questioned the young man as to the inhibited story. "Thefacfc is, he replied, "we hare a ghost in our village, or are supposed to have one, and it has been the cause of a great deal of gossip lately. The story is a strange one. Many years ago a carter, John , whose cottage yon see yonder there, gleaming through the trees, kept company with a girl in the village ; but as neither of them had any money, she prudently accepted a well-to-do Londoner, who came down to these parts, married him, and disappeared until last year, when she returned a rich widow, on a visit to her friends. John, who had never left his native place, and never taken unto himself a wife, revived the old flame in the widow's heart, and in the course of a short time they were married. It was neoessary that she should go back to London after the wedding to wind up her affairs there (I believe it was tfee sale of certain houses, in which her property chiefly consisted), before returning to her new home. She never did return. She was missing for some time ; no one knew what had become of her, uatiL it was discovered that she had. been murdered, no doubt for her money, as she was known to hare had a large sum upon her, which the ssle of her housa had realised. John benefited in no way by her death. He was soberly sorry for that event, but nothing would induce him to go up to London, in the prosecution of justice, whereat the neigh bours were somewhat scandalised. Perhaps he thought that the earne fate that had be fallen his poor wife awaited him in the great Babylon. What good could he do ? He couldn't call her back to life. No, df cidediy; he wouldn't go to London. But whether this preyed upon his mind, or from whatever other cause, all his friends could not fail to remark that John grew thinner every day, and seemed ill at ease. They questioned him, and at last he oonfessed that he could get no sleep, on account of his wife, who, every night, came and stood at the foot of his bed. She said nothing, but there she remained looking at him ; and he seemed to take it very ill of her. He would not mind it in the daytime, he said, if she came and stood by him while he was at work, but it was veiy hard that she could not let him sleep in peace at night. All this happened some months ago; but John persists in eaying that his ghoBtly visitant still comes to him occasionally, and the excitement in the village upon this subject is consequently kept up. Of course the neighbours declare they have seen the ghost, and the belief in it is universal." "I should very much like to see this John, and have a talk with him," said Mrs. A. " Could we go down to his cottage ?" "I a in afraid he will ue away at this hour, but we can try." And a party of five, three besides Mrs. A. and her young host, walked to the cottage, which was about a quarter of a mile distant. It waB then between seven and eight o'clock : a clear summer's evening. Mrs. A. described John's dwelling as forming one of a row of three or four cottageB, having small gardens, of some ten or twelve yards in length, between them and the road, and a separate little wicket to each. While the young man went up to the door to see if John was at home, Mrs. A. and her three com panions remained outside the wicket. The door was looked. John was evidently out, and had given the key to a neighbour, as was his cub torn ; but to make sure of this, the young man went round to the back of the cottage to try the other door. It was then, as I have eaid, still perfectly light. He was scarcely oat of eight, when the four persons who were outside the gate saw the figure of a woman inside the cottage, passing lowly by the window— a thin woman, dressed in a ootten gown of a lilao colour, her profile turned towards them; this was how they all subsequently described the figure they saw there, so distinctly and unmistakably, that them was a simul taneous exclamation of "Oh! yen see, there is some one in the cottage, so we shall get in." But a minute afterwards the young man re turned. As he had expeoted, the back-door was looked, showing the cottage to be empty. Im possible! they had just seen some one inside. The neighbour who had oharge of the key was then applied to ; the door was opened, and every corner of the cottage explored — in vain. It con sisted of only three rooms, and there was but one other exit, which was fastened on the inside. It was therefore equally impossible that any one Gould have entered or left the cottage without being seen by the four persons who now felt eo eagerly anxious to solve this mystery. They questioned the neighbours as to the personal ap pearance of the murdered woman, and it tallied precisely in the particulars above mentioned with the figure they had seen. On the minds of three of its witnesses that strange event produced a powerful effect ; the fourth, a young artist, who had turned the whole story into ridicule before hand, still endeavoured to laugh it off. But we have reason to know that he subsequently con fessed himself deeply and painfully impressed by an occurence which he could neither deny, nor reason upon, nor explain away. We have very few observations to offer on this story. Two things will strike every one as dis tinguishing it from the generality of supernatural ca,|jortouGoo ilio - ' mia 1 Ln(\p&riuig; . xn, nfj)j clear daylight, and the o incurrent testimony of no less than four witnesses. It may be objected chat the imaginations of these persons were pre pared to receive what they went " out into the wil derness for to see." But we have shown that in one at least the predisposition was qnite the other way ; and it is remarkable that, at the moment, rhey none of them connected the figure with the rumour belonging to the house, or were in any way disconcerted at its appearance. These are the simple facts. Some readers will account for them, no doubt, in a manner highly satisfactory to themselves, and we willingly leave in their hands the solution of a mystery which we confess ourselves unable to explain. TaieB of " foreshadowings" and "warnings" are not uncommon among us, and, as a striking example of coincidence between the phantasma goria of the brain and a cotemporary event (such we are disposed to consider it), we may mention a singular circumstance that happened not long ago in Dorsetshire to the wife of Major B. That gentleman was awoke in the middle of the night by his wife's terrified inquiry as to whether he saw anything ?" " There, there, at the foot of the bed ! James, the coachman, with hie throat cat, staring at me! Can't you see him?" Her ner vous terror increasing, Major B. got up, lit a candle, and searched the room — of course in vain. His wife was now tranquillized in a degree, though still by no means convinoed that what she bad beheld was simply an effect of the imagina tion. You may guees in what light she regarded it when, the following morning, she and her hus band were roused by the intelligence that the coachman had actually been found in bed with his throat cut ! It may be supposed that Mrs. B. knew the poor follow to be in low spirits, and that a dread of this calamity preyed on her mind and haunted her dreams. It does not appear that such was the case. We believe that no ap prehension of the kind existed in the household. Bnt among the many thousand presentiments, omens, and warning-dreams, that bear no fruit, it is enough that one, as in this case, ehall teem to have direct connection with the actual for us to regard it as a spiritual manifestation in our behalf. The Emperor Napoleon's death was predicted for this year : had it come to pass, the chance hit of a false prophet would have counted as the bull's- eye of a true one. The terrible dreams our friend Smith relates over the breakfast- table happily re main unrealised; and Jones returned in rude health from Jerusalem, though he confided to us when he embarked that the figure of death on a portmanteau had appeared to him on the prece ding night. We cannot accept such instances as the above, therefore, in any other light than as re markable ceincidences. But distinct from these again, and to be ap proached with bated breath, as too solemn for dis cussion, however sceptical we may be, are the many stories on record (that of Lord T. is among the best xnowu) of spirits appearing to the ob jects of a strong attachment, at the moment of dissolution, though absent from them in the flesh. There is something profoundly touching io this idea of the soul, on its passage from its earthly tenement, fljing towards the beloved object, lingering around that one spot, and struggling, as it were, to retain the only link that stilTholds it to this earth. We know too little of the mys teries of our being to deny that this is possible; perhaps our eyes are darkened to such spiritual presence when our hearts are yearning towards the absent on the battle-fields of India! The apostles of Mesmer may very plausibly assume, regarding the stories of such appearances, that the powerful influence of animal magnetism, exercised over the spirit, is able to draw ft to- wards the.magnetiser, at the extreme hour — and, by an unconscious effort, it may he, on his part — the intense tehnsucht of the Germans. We do not advance this aa a theory of our own ; for, of coarse, upon the principle with' which we atorted, these experiences of highly excited imaginations cannot be received as facts : we do no more than touch on them. We now come to a tale of a very different com plexion, the scene of which should be a " moated grange" rather than a prosaic dwelling among the dingy streets of London. I am sorry I may not indicate more particularly the house in which the events I am about to record took place, as it is a locality well-known, by name at least, to all. Captain C. received a lucrative appointment some three yearn since, attached to which was the disagreeable condition of a residence in the heart of the city. He was lately married, and after the honeymoon, he and his bride removed to their future home, bent on making that gloomy abode as cheerful as might be. It bad one spare bedroom, which was to be dedicated to the use of Mrs. C.'s father, an officer commanding at » during his occasional visits to London. The first of these visits took place shortly after the C s had arrived in their new house. The old gentle man was induotod into his room, which it was understood be was to occupy for some weeks. The next morning, however, he appeared grave and silent, and after breakfast he eaid to his daughter, " I have been thinking, my dear, that perhaps it is hardly right that I should remain away from my oommand. I am not quite oomfortable about it. It iii, fortunately, >0 near London, that I can run up and see yon whenever I like, and back the same day; but I think it is better that I should not be absent at night, so I shall return to-day." Captain 0. and his wife were surprised at this sudden whim of her father's, but all their argu ments to persuade him to remain were unavailing, and he departed. A few weeks after this, a young Swiss lady, with whom Mrs. C. had been educated abroad, came to Eogland, and her first visit naturally was to her old friend. She came, after the manner of her sex, accompanied by sundry boxes, indicative of a lengthened Btay, and the spare room seemed now sure of an occupant for some time. But the morning after her arrival she set out to Kensing ton to visit some friends there, and two or three hours later, Mrs. C. received a note from her, saying, that as her friends had pressed her to remain with them, she had promised to do so, and would thank Mrs. C. to send her boxes. The latter felt naturally indignant at such extra ordinary conduct, and was for giving the young lady " her mind " on paper, when Captain C. ob served, " There is more than meets the eye in this, I feel sure. This is the second time it has happened. Do you remember the Budden way in which your father left us ? Perhaps there is something disagreeable about the room — a drain, or a dead rat — which drives away our guests in this manner. Let me advise you to go yours ?lf with the boxes, and ask Miss frankly the reason Ot' Hop leaving -ynn in this WSJ", OS. of ooarse, there 1 must be a reason. Mrs. C. acted on her husband's advice, and the young lady, after some hesitation, said, "I will candidly confess to you that nothing would ever induce me to pass another night in that room. What I suffered it is not in the power of words to describe. I will, however, try and give you an idea of what I saw. I put out my candle last night carefully before getting into bed. It stood on a table facing the bed and between the windows ; I feel quite sure I put it out. I suppose it was about the middle of the night that I suddenly started up, feeling a cold wind near my face, and dimly conscious that there was a bright light iu the room. The candle op posite was burning ; that however was not what lit up the room. Between the candle and the bed stood a figure, a dark shadow, and yet horri ble to say ! its spine appeared te be of fire. The candle was dim beside it. I could not scream. I was choking, without power to utter a sound, while the figure bent over me, and seemed about to encircle me iu its shadowy grasp. I had just strength to draw the ooverlid quickly over my head and crouch down under the clothes. There I lay gasping, trembling, with eyee tight abut, though I need hardly my, sleepless, until morning. I have told you all. Are you surprised now when I say I had rather do anything on earth than pass another night in that room P" Upon Mrs. G.'s return home, she wrote to her father, simply begging him to let her know whether then was any reason which he had not named to her for hie sudden departure from their house, some weeks before, as she had a very particular reason for the inquiry. Her father, in his answer, said he had net breathed en the sub- jeot to any one, nor should he have named it now but for his daughter's urgent request. Az she wished it, however, he would confess that he had never passed such a night in his life as the one spent under her roof. Whereupon he described, in almost identical terms, the apparition whieh had produoed suoh an effect on Mrs. G.'s young friend. Store was a hale man, of vigorous mind, and by no means imaginative, as his daughter knew, corroborating a girl's statement, which Captain C., naturally enoagh, had regarded as foolish and fanciful. It was moat bo looked (o : «nd he «nd . talf do»n of his friends in turn tried their fate m the haunted oom, with varied success. To some the spirit of the place appeared in much the same form as it had done to the two first oocupaets of that cham ber. For others, and Captain O. among the num ber, it was invisible. But no additional evidenoe in this case would be of much importance. The room already enjoyed the reputation of being haunted ; and the imagination of its occupants were stimulated in a particular direction. It must be remembered that in the first two instances there was not only no rumour of this nature to put them on the qui vioe, bat the whole aspect of the room, as well as its position in the heart of the noisy, bustling city, was ill-calculated to in spire terrors of a ghostly nature. Once inspired, however, they were not eo easy to be allayed. Several of the workmen on the premises took fright, and struck work. All Captain C.'s efforts to aooount for, or throw discredit on the tale which had got wind in connexion with his house, were ineffectual. They only brought to light another tale whieh was almost forgotten, that a murder had been committed, in that room many yearB ago, since when it had never been inhabited. For " CHRISTMAS PUDDINGS " see 3rd (MI OF " XHS WSMttI XUCM." I 