EPISCOPALIAN PREACHERS AT GREY FRIARS CHURCH, EDINBURGH. On Sunday, the 24th of December last, Professor Jowett, master of Baliol College, Oxford, preached in Grey Friars Presbyterian Church, Edinburgh, which was crowded on the occasion. At the conclusion of his sermon, alluding to his presence in that church, he said " I believe that on this occasion for the first, or nearly the first time a minister of another denomina- tion has preached in this ancient church, and to avoid misunderstanding, and also that I may not be thought to intrude myself, I should like to explain very briefly what appears to me to be the significance of such an act, Certainly a clergyman of the Church of England does not come here to tell you anything new ; he has no lesson to impart which you might not have learned better from your own ministers ; still less does he desire to assert a question of right ; he is only availing himself of a privilege which, though little used, seems to be allowed, or not denied, by the Church of Scotland. But the occasion is a trifle ; the thing signified is of more importance. For we cannot help feeling weary and ashamed of the conten- tions and divisions which disturb the Christian Church. We meet together in business, in society, in the family, but at the door of the church we part, and that which ought to be the highest bond of union amongst us becomes the most lasting element of the Lord-' our greatest love turned to our greatest hate.' Does any one believe that this separation and antagonism is altogether right? Nations seem to come together and enter into relations with one another; but churches, when once divided, are always divided-the hard lines which were fixed two or three centuries ago are not obliterated, but deepened by time. We do not, of course, suppose that churches can be pulled down and rebuilt in a day on a larger and more comprehensive plan. Like laws, they are the growth of ages, and national feelings and peculiarities are reflected and embodied in them. But while admitting the fixed character of national institutions, we desire also sometimes to regard the members of other religious bodies and all men everywhere as they are in the sight of God, ac- cording! to the natural feelings of the human heart not divided as Episcopalians and Presbyterians, or Catholics and Protestants or even as Christiana and heathen. We wish to think of these differences as they will appear to us in the hour of death, when we shall be occupied with our own lives, and not with forms of faith with our own sins, and not with the errors of churches with the thought of another world, and not with the controversies of this. We feel that the points in which we are agreed are immeasurably more important than those in which we differ, and we are sensible that all Christian churches have so far failed in their mission that we cannot set up one as the rival of another. We desire, too, that the unity of the invisible Church breaking through the visible, like the sun in the heavens over- coming the mists and fogs of winter, should sometimes smile upon us and be spread around and in our hearts. Nor can we deny that the spirit of division has had a baneful effect not only on our own lives, but on the nation at large, not only on other ages, but also on this. " How much of our class jealousies seem to arise from this cause P That those who are naturally connected-say, as landlord and tenant, or in any other way should be separated by religion, is surely a sad evil, which every one in his place should be seeking to remedy. Again, there is the question of national education, about which we are often told that the great difficulty is religion. If the religious communities of England and Scotland are charged before a higher than man's judgment seat with having delayed the progress of education for a generation, what can they say ? ' Lord, we have maintained the confession of faith ; we have taught the catechism ; we have preached in the synagogue ; we have denounced heresy and Erastian ism.' But must not the answer to : ' forasmuch as ye allowed these children to perish through your divisions' P Or, once more, are we not often alarmed at the hideout spread of pauperism and vice, with which the Church of Churches of Christ seem unable to cope P But while we are divided among ourselves how can we expect to carry on a straightforward battle against evil while we are more interested about points in which we differ than about the great truths of religion and morality in which we are agreed of And although we do not dream of a union of churches, yet may we not hope to see a true sense of proportion amongst us; that the external may no longer prevail over the internal and that we may recognise the ties which unite us to be far greater and more enduring than the accidents which separate us. All opinions are not the same or indifferent, but we have to learn that they are only valuable as they tend to quicken in us the Christian life. Let a man fix his mind on the image of Christ set be- for us in the Gospels" He went about doing good,' and the lines which divide churches, and which once appeared so strongly marked, will fade away before his eyes. In some common work of charity the management of a school, the care of a home, the improvement of the dwellings of the poor he will find the solution of a difficulty for which theologians have sought in vain." On Sunday, the 7th of January of the present year, Dean Stanley preached in the same old church, and concluding his sermon he said " The solemn League and Covenant is dead and buried, but the new commandment, which bids us unite instead of dividing, and build up instead of destroying, is a league far more sacred and a covenant far more binding than any which your forefathers ever signed with their blood or followed to death or victory. The famous Confession of Faith which issued from the Jerusalem Chamber of West- minister in the 17th century, as an expression of the whole church and nation of Great Britain noble and inspiring though it be in some respects beyond all other confessions of Protestant Europe is yet not for a moment to be compared with the uniting and sanctifying force of the vast Christian English literature which, in the 10th century, has become the real bond and school of the nation, beyond the power of educational or ecclesiastical agitations to exclude or to pervert. And surely, it may be said that if there be any spot where, Should a preacher be silent on this great theme, the very stones would immediately cry out, it is this venerable sanctuary. Of Greyfriars Church and churchyard, as of my own Abbey of Westminster, it may truly be said that it is a consecrated temple of reconciled ecclesiastical enmities. Here, as there, the silence of death breathes a lesson which the tumult of life hardly suffered to be heard. In the same ground with the martyrs of the Covenant lies the great advocate by whose counsels their blood was shed. Within the same hallowed bounds sleep the wise leaders of the Church of Scotland in the last century, whom the persecutors and the persecuted of an earlier age would alike have condemned. And not only is this lesson of larger, gentler, more discriminating justice forced upon us by the thought of that judgment seat before which they all have passed, but the memory also of the deeds which have been wrought within these products impresses the same truth upon us. Here it was that Episcopalian ministers shed tears of grateful sorrow over the grave of their Presbyterian bone factor, Carstairs: here it was that Erskine, with generous candour, preached the funeral eulogy over his rival, William Robertson. On this spot, where a vast congregation of every age and rank pledged themselves to the death to extirpate every form and shred of prelacy, the Scottish Church in these latter days has had the courage to revive ancient forms of liturgical worship, and to welcome the ministrations of Episcopal clergymen. Those contracts are themselves sufficient to remind us how transitory are the feuds which have in former days rent asunder the churches of these islands bow struck a tU bonds which unite them when flowed in the light of history, and before the judgment of a better world. And if the ghosts of these ancient disputes have been laid to sleep never, we trust, to return of the coming of a brighter age and the opening of a wider horizon has dawned from time to time on the teachers, famous in their generation, who have ministered within these walls then I trust it will not have been altogether unsuitable, in this place and on this occasion, that a Scottish congregation should have heard from an English churchman the best New Year's blessing, in the form of this sacred text-' A new commandment I give unto you, that ye love one another.' " 