SIR PETER'S MONUMENT. CHAPTER I. Youue Oliver Kempe, who called him jjf a '? statuarr,' and was the tenant of a retl,er confined studio in George-yard, gm-'s-jquare (since called Solio- square), Oxfrird-road, wrote home to his anxious natives in Lincolnshire something as « I have triumphed. The gold medal of the Eoyal Academy is mine. I re cared it from Sir Joshua's own hands, jlv name is to be engraven round its jie. I l°n£ to s'low *' yotL The pre sident complimented me most warmly on the merits of my design. He is no less pod ihan he is great- You can't think tow my heart beat when the secretary called my name, aud I struggled through lie crowd to the president's chair. My model is to be carried to Buckingham House to be inspected by their Most Gracious Majesties the King and Queen. I bare received compliments and congra tulations on all sides. Many maintain that mine is the best historical design that has been produced in England for veare. The subject^ as I have already told tou. is the Continence of Scipio. 'Tie Academy, you know, is in Somerset House, formerly a palace. Lec tures are given every Monday night by Hunter on anatomy, Wall on perspective, Sandby on architecture, and Sir Joshua on painting. In the life school, the model sits two hours every night. I have leen two men hanged, and one with his breast cut open at Surgeons' HalL The other being a fine subject, they took him jo the Royal Academy and covered him mth plaster-of-paris, after they had put him in the position of the Dying Gladia tor. I neglect uo opportunity of im proving myself in drawing, modelling, mi anatomy. ' I have already one or two commis sions for portrait bustos, and have great hopes of being chosen to carve the monu ment of the late Sir Peter Bembridge, Parliament man and East Indian mer chant, to be erected by his widow in New Marylebone Church. Meanwhile, materials are so costly, and living here in the most moderate way runs away with En mnch money, that if you could spare me a few guineas I should be very glad. I am rather in debt, but not gravely so. Some urgent claims upon me I must find means to discharge shortly, however. Wiih deepest affection,' ic To another of his correspondents — not a member of his family — Mr. Kempe mote to this efect : 'I have won the medaL How I wish that yon were near that I might hang it round your soft, sweet, white neck ! my adorable Phillis ! I think of thee without ceasing, and always, be sure, with the tenderest love. I have still— need I Bay it i— the golden tress you clipped from jour fair head one night — moved by my beseeching, and bestowed upon me out in the meadow of the Dairy Farm beyond lie mill-stream. You remember \ Surely yon missed it not, nor any one else. My dear mistress is so rich in golden locks. How many might she be rifled of, and ytt none be the wiser : not even herself 1 I wear it, as I said I would, next my heart ever, wrapped in that same littie tine alken case your deft fingers sewed ™ it It is to me an amulet, shielding Be from evil, assuring me of future bliss. 1 had need of some such magic charm, fcr this Loudon is a big, wicked, cruel J^tofaplace. 'Tis hard to wrest a ^g from it ; how much harder to W'g it to my feet and force it to pay me ™nage i But HI not despair, if my «ullis Till but be true to me. I've won ™ medal, that's something. I'm proud -* it I own, because I think it may make my Phillis, if ever so little, proud also. m . I mean to do greater things. I in tend to succeed. For success means ™*. fortune, and best of all, the right to-aUPhi)us really and truly mine for ever. J * 'I have been ailing a little, from over *otKl think, and at times feel myself wsponaent somewhat^ and inclined to ^ heart. I am but one, and I have to 'ftte against so many. My life is very, «7 lonely. I have but few friends out ™e my studio, and my friends here are ?'* wr the most part of day, plaster, ™ stone. They are cold and dumb. »« let me not blame them ; they're been r'e to me. And if I am faithful to ™«» and to my art, shall I not in time ^P reward? 'One friend I have forgotten. It is ^ love of my PhiUis my j h ^ J?18 wth me ever? That my kind T™**, in spirit, tends me and hovers 4t , ^ a guardian angel always? tho,S ? , me belieTe **-? for tJle «im rt « nghtens and -*«** me as the *tte flowers. But I must end. trcJ***1 niglrt, sweet Phillis ! Heaven iovHT and bless y°u- and make y°u I »,= e-^nd me worthy of your love. am T^- the P^1 J'8* where l Pi^1^ Please kiss there too, CHAPTER EL Kon£ 111 Wlth a Ught P™848 that 0Uver Won - qmtted H' 'a*™ ™U»& &* & cal^r* '^ a !«?* heart also. CS^^^est folk, of yeo * Wt^0'1 who had not mnch money po^f*0**** him; of what they (W,^ femily gave him coubmi/-3 's kther cautions and iliS6i8tLrimother tears and prayers, ^^ ^bB aud kiaees. Then hS: bu own stout health, fresh youth, and abundant hopes. Farther, he was &r-; mshed w!th lie blessings and good wishes of quite a host of friends and neigh bours, who assembled at the cross^otds to see him meet and mount into the waggon which was to carry him labori ously to London, and to bid him cood speed upon his long, and it might be perilous journey. All were glad to see him set forth in such good spirits. His Jnndred especially rejoiced thereat, or said they did, their looks most rueful and woebegone the while. In truth, the parting was very grievous to them. He their loved one, seemed to have taken all hope with him, and left them only fear. J He looked elated, sanguine, occupied with the future, full of faith in himself and his plans. But perhaps beneath all this moved a stronger under-current of sadness than they could give him credit for. Tet the yearnings that were so painfully restless within him, try hard as he might to still and subdue them, were not solely for those of his own house. There was affection for his kin, but there was love for a stranger in blood. He wore suspended from Ms neck, hanging down towards his heart, the amulet, as he called it in the letter quoted above, bestowed upon him by a certain damsel ot his neighbourhood — Phillis Blair, the schoolmaster's daughter. Of her precious gift none knew save only he and she. The twain had interchanged most tender speeches, most ardent vows. Their leave taking had been very trying to both. She had wept piteously, and in trying to stay her tears he had but unlocked the flood-gates of his own grief He besought her, not wholly in vain, to share his high hopes and expectations. Soon he was to return famous and prosperous to claim her hand and make her his wife. Then union otherwise was not possible. They must venture if they were to win, Cupid was ever a gamester. They staked then present happiness to win greater by^and bye. Meantime, of course, they must consent to be wretched ; for they must part She could not suggest the possi bility of failure, of their losing both the present and the future. To doubt her suitor's success was to question his merits. She could not do that She loved him. The last farewell spoken, the last kiss given, she felt herself the most miserable of maidens. Besides her love she had nothing. He had action, ambition, deeds to do, a name to make. Thoughts of these, perhaps more than they should, lightened his heart Her's was heavy indeed. He was a likely-looking young fellow enough, lithe of figure, quick of move ment, with his mother's large, tender, brown eyes, and his father's breadth of brow and shapeliness of feature. His thick dark hair was neatly combed from his face and tied into a club at the back of his head. He was simply clad in blue broadcloth, with grey worsted stockings; and bright pewter buckles decked his shoes. He had served his apprentice ship to a wood- carver. Then he had tried bis hand upon stone, and gained credit by his marble mantelpieces. He had executed a bust or two for certain pro vincial patrons, and won prizes for his drawings and models from the Society of Arts in the Strand. His ambition grew. He longed for a larger public. The world in which he moved was not big enough for him or for his art He must go to London, of course. He did not credit that its streets were paved with gold as some asserted ; silver would do. Surely be should there find reward for his toil, recognition of his capacity, and, in due time, fame and prosperity. He was a genius as he believed ; he would try and make the world believe so too. He had a future before him ; It behoved him to go forth and meet it His letters did not tell the whole truth. What letters ever do % He had suffered more than he cared should be known. He had met with care, sickness, disappointment — he had even undergone privations. His small stock of money was exhausted. But he could not — he was too brave or too proud — tell of these things. It would have broken his mother's heart to know all her son had endured. He only wrote when he had good tidings to telL His letters neces sarily had not been so frequent as his friends could have wished. But they forgave his neglect or seeming neglect of them. They felt so sure that he was most busily occupied making his fortune. Poor lad ! It was all he could do to earn bread. Still it was something to say that he bad won die gold medal of the Eoyal Academy. How rejoiced they were ! how proud of him 1 They had quite settled that the precious token should remain ever as an heir-loom in the family. Just at that moment he was weighing it in the palm of his hand, considering how much his friend the pawnbroker — with ?whom he had had many previous trans actions — would advance him upon a de posit of it. But if he might regard the medal as the turning-point in his fortune 2 It really seemed now that the clouds were lifting ? his prospects brightening. He had a reasonable chance of a commission to execute Sir Peter Bembridge's monument The ' portrait bustos ' he had mentioned in his letters home were not likely to be very remunerative works. They were merely models in day of the heads of certain of his. fellow- stndentB, whose pockets were a little better supplied than were his own, and who pretended in no ?way to be patrons of art, but rather pro fessors. '.....? , There was a noise withoutthegtatuMJ s studio. The grating of wheels upon the roadway, the clatter of carriage steps, the voices of footmen. 'My Lady Bern bridge,' was announced. Oliver rose to receive her. He opened wide the door as ehe swept majestically into Hie room. He bowed and blushed, muttered ac knowledgments of his sense of the honour conferred upon Mm, and placed a chair for her ladyship. She waved her hand j she did not care to sit. ? chapxeb in. He Jaad been day-dreaming, Bitting with his hands before his eyes, leaning forward wlh one arm-on, each knee. 3Je rose np a trifle dazzled and confused. The ecentofmrist-JiefaadjBhip brought with! tier into the studio seemed to him rather bVerpoweni®:^ l^M:# -ayaiip- pre sence' i^: jsufficaenfly ; ?iaisburbing. ^ '- 4 How much J i^nt^li JBpOT ? ; lus ' waning her ???foypnr-i17* ^??f:'-'-'!;:t'' ;:^-' ? ? -^ f- ?-;'1'1 -?- r_''1'i.':'1 ir. sir. p^S.uai^li#»H-^*;^^ He had been what the :-rorH &en; sdlea a nabob,' who had returned late in life from the East, possessed of a good for tune and a bad liver, to marry a young wife and leave a rich widow. Something of the bloom of youth Lady Bembridge had now lost ; still her charms had not yet attained the full glow of maturity— &e; ripeness that immediately precedes decay. For a widow she was certainly young, whatever she might have been otherwise accounted. And she was very handsome. No doubt her beauty suffered from the restrictions of costume un avoidable under the circumstances. Her dress was as intensely mournful, indeed, as milliner could make it. Wits at the chocolate-houses had likened her to the fifth act of a tragedy. She had even abandoned the use of rouge, while she had thickly coated her complexion with white paint. Her sighs were frequent, and she bore in her hand her cambric kerchief, in constant readiness to stanch any sudden overflow of tears she might be visited with. Yet neither in face nor figure was she quite acceptable as a per sonification of Niobe. Her graces were rather of a Bacchante type, although just now, perhaps, a Bacchante afflicted by the fact that grapes were not in season. Her large round lustrous eyes did not seem made for weeping ; her full scarlet lips were not suited to sighing pnrposes ; but rather for smiling, jor, it might be, kissing. She was grandly formed. Op pressed as he was by ill-fortune, and cowed by the majesty of his patroness, the sculptor could not resist a thrill of admiration of a purely professional kind, as he surveyed the noble outlines of that massive Juno-like figure. The head, he admitted, was not purely classical ; but for the rest, her ladyship's physical pos sessions seemed to him cast in quite an antique mould. She sighed deeply, and raised her ker chief to her eyes. No tears had gathered there, but the movement was graceful, and had become habitual to her. Then, in luscious contralto tones, she asked, ' Had Mr. Kempe completed his sketch for the proposed monument I' Mr. Kempe exhibited a model in clay, removing its wrappings of soaked cloths, necessary to keep the material duly moist It was the day for wild feats of stone-cutting, in the way of parable and apotheosis. Mr. Kempe's production was a comparatively modest work of this class. But, in truth, the late Sir Peter had been no very important personage — had led but a common-place sort of career. The most fertile fancy could not have suggested for him. any very extraor dinary monument Still, Oliver Kempe had done his best In the foreground of his design appeared a recumbent figure representative of the departed. An angel, with prodigious wings, knelt mourning over the body. A palm-tree waved its plumes close by. In lower relief, in the background, appeared a ship at sea— presumably an East India man — and emblems of trade with Europe in the shape of bales of goods piled into a pyramid ; while Asia was symbolised by an elephant and castle, and a camel kneeling. Above was the coat of arms of the Bembridge family. The crest was a palm-tree, proper; the motto, ' Palma virtuti.' Floating cherubim filled up the vacant corners of the com position. Her ladyship appeared gratified. She wished no expense to be spared, she said. The sculptor explained that the design was on a reduced scale, and that the block of marble necessary for so import ant a work would be very costly. Her ladyship repeated that she wished no ex pense to be spared. There was a pause. Lady Bem bridge grew more composed. She was able at last to venture upon a little criticism. ' You have forgotten Sir Peter's spec tacles,' she said. Mr. Kempe explained that, in monu mental works, it was generally deemed advisable to suppress details of that kind. ' I shonld wish it to be like him in every respect,' observed her ladyship. ' He was one of the best of men ; but he was not, perhaps, what the world would consider handsome.' The sculptor stated that in his clay model he had not- attempted any precise portraiture.' He had merely aimed at conveying a notion of the general effect of the work. Her ladyship, loosening her mantilla, called attention tu the miniature she wore on her capacious bosom. ' That was the very image of him,' she said. The artist drew near to inspect it ' Admirable, indeed !' he exclaimed, with a bright flush on his cheeks. The portrait, however, was that of a very un comely old gentleman, with curiously ape-like features. Mr. Kempe could hardly have known what he was saying. Lady Bembridge sighed, but not very sorrowfully this time. There was some thing even resembling a smile quivering upon her fruity lips. She lowered her eyes, and gathered the folds of her mantle about her massive white throat. ' I think,' she resumed, 'you- must really wrap Sir Peter up a little more.' 'In classical compositions,' explained Mr. Kemp, 'it is thought desirable to introduce the nude.' ' He was not young, you know, poor dear soul ! and he hated the cold, fie found the climate here very trying. He wore furs, and always carried a muff, even in summer. It makes me shiver to think of his being like that' ' The figure shall be draped if your ladyship prefers it' ' Yes, I think 80. I like to carry out his wishes in everything. And, I'm sure, if he could express an opinion, he would wish to be warmly wrapped up. And that's me, I suppose ?' Her ladyship pointed to the kneeling angeL Now, Mr. Kempe had here con templated a purely allegorical figure, by no means the introduction of a portrait of Sir Peter's widow. He thought such a thing would be hardly appropriate, would; indeed, be open to serious objec tion ; but, prudently, he held his peace. ' Itfa vastly pretty, I protest,' she went on ; 'but I think I'm rather stouter — not about the waist, though — that really is too thick. The wings — they're poetic, I suppose; but people mightthinkit odd, presumptuous of me assuming wings ; and the clothes, they're scanty, ain't they/and very close to the figure ?' Tin mot 'sure thai I should wish to appear quite like that'- .- The sculptor hesitated, 'We might alter it, if your ladyship thought proper, to Eame, with her : trumpet proclaiming a hero's virtues to an idtuiriiig universe.' ' I think that would be better ; but then a trumpet, it swells out the cheek? rather, doesn't it ? And those heads 1 You're going to add bodies, I suppose?' 'We don't generally, as your lady ship is probably aware, give bodies to chernba.' ' I think they would look more com plete.' ' But your ladyship will perceive they might be taken for cupids.?- ' And why not ?' said her ladyship. 'I don't see that they would be so much out of place.' The sculptor, with rather a puzzled air, promised to amend his model Her ladyship thanked him. She repeated that she wished everything to be of the best. She was quite sure that Mr. Kempe would be able to accomplish a most suitable work. He must at once proceed to obtain the necessary marble, and she pressed into his hands a pocket book well stuffed with bank-notes. Blushing with pride and gratitude he led her to her coach. She was smiling graciously, her eyes very bright indeed. Suddenly she recollected that the world demanded of her a different demeanour. She resumed her Melpomene airs, her long-drawn sighs, her up-raised kerchief prepared for the reception of tears that seemed to be in no hurry about arriving. Perhaps, at most, she looked like Thalia, in widow's weeds ; but still very beauti fuL So, at least, thought the sculptor. And what a warm, soft white hand she had ! The gentlest touch of it had sent a sweet thrill through his frame. And surely there was something intoxicating about that fragrance of musk with which she had filled the studio. It was as the incense from an altar, or the perfumed clouds which at once veil a goddess and CHAFTEB IV. Her ladyship's coach — it was a heavy, lumbering vehicle, but its festooned, tasselled hainmercloths were very grand indeed, and its elaborately painted panels were quite choice works of art — often carried her to George- yard, ^Soho, after this. She took great interest in the monument, she avowed. Apparently her interest in the sculptor of the monument was little less ; and gradually her show of grief abated somewhat its intensity. The dark mists of crape that had shrouded her dispersed in some measure, as though overcome and put to flight by the radiance of her beauty. The faint dawn of rouge reappeared upon her pallid cheeks, and gradually quite a meridian glory of colour glowed there once more. She scarcely now ever affected to need her kerchief for weeping purposes. She had even been heard to laugh. Oliver Kempe was very busy. He had little space to move in now, his studio was so crowded. A superb block of the purest marble half-filled the chamber. On all sides were fragmentary models and studies of portions of the great work he had in hand. He felt that it would not be quite what he had wished to make it. His design had been subjected to much modification to suit the wishes and caprices of his patroness. Still he had great hopes that altogether it would be worthy of himself and his art, and would bring him fame and fortune. Strange! he did not now add, 'and Phillis !' He was very busy. He had no time for writing letters. He knew, he could not but know, that, in his native village, letters from him were looked for, hoped for anxiously, painfully. Still he did not write. It is hard to say when he first became conscious that a change had come over him, his sentiments, his plans, his hopes. For a long time he forbore to question himself in this regard. But one day the ribbon snapped that suspended his amulet round his neck. Was this ominous ? It was with rather a guilty feeling that he hurriedly thrust poor Phillis' s gift into an empty drawer and turned the key upon it. Had he ceased to love her? It seemed so. Did he love in her stead my Lady Bembridge 1 He dared not answer as yet He could but blush and tremble. But supposing that he had presumed to love her ; surely she had encouraged his love ! Why did she come so often to his studio f It was not really to watch his progress, to encourage his labours, to urge the completion of his great monu ment That was but pretence. She rarely spoke of the monument now. She just glanced at it and turned away. 'Oh, that's the marble is it !' she had said, passing her palm over its smooth surface. 'Lord! How cold it is!' And then, as though involuntarily, her chilled hand had sought his, perhaps for warmth and shelter, and had not been withdrawn for some moments. Meantime he had pressed and caressed tenderly those soft plump white fingers, and received no rebuke. At least she cared for him ? Then, he had been busy casting an important part of his design — the kneel ing angel, let us say — until overcome with fatigue he had fallen back asleep in his chair. He had not heard the noise of carriage wheels. She had been 'borne perhaps to the studio in her sedan, for of late it had beenj her fancy to give an air of secrecy, almost of mystery, to her visits. He was disturbed by a curious warm pressure upon his cheek. He could have sworn that some one had kissed him. He could hear the rustle of a dress, and he opened his eyes to find her ladyship standing close beside him. He looked at her hah7 delighted, half frightened. She laughed and turned away as she said : 'A wasp had settled on your face. Thank me for brushing it away. You might have been stung. My poor boy, how sound asleep you were, how scared you look !' And she gently passed her handkerchief across his forehead, as though repeating a former action. Yet he was well satisfied that more than this had happened .while he slept A wasp ? A woman, rather. A sting? Nay, a kiss. A few minutes afterwards she went her way. How he wished then that he had done what impulse had bidden him do ! How he mourned and upbraided himself that he had not promptly fallen on bis knees and avowed his lova For now he could not conceal from himself that he loved Lady Bembridge. Yet was he somewhat ashamed of his passion. 'Not because it involved treachery to PhiUis. Love can still re morse on such subjects ; can teach for getfulness of the past He had but to call it a boyish fency— to plead that he had not ttown his own mind, and le could for the present, at any rate, ftrust tar from him all thought of his wooing of Phillis. For a moment the pale ghost of his past love troubled him, and then vanished. It was powerless to cast a shadow in the bright glare of his new passion. But this new passion, how far was it pure, true, worthy i It was none of these, as he knew. For Lady Bembridge — granted her beauty — he could not yet concede that she was vulgar, illiterate, coarse-minded, to say nothing of her being older than himself Still she might be all these, and yet adorable. Idols of the poorest clay have been devoutly worshipped. But in his love for her was there no leaven of self interest ? He had conned over the names of artists who had married rich wives ; who had in such wise, as it seemed to him, risen to eminence. They were numerous. Why should he not do likewise ? He was poor, very poor, and despondent. Could he rise, or hope to rise, in any other way than by this golden ladder of a wealthy wife's providing ? So he began to think of winning her, taught himself that it would be well for him if he could love her. Then had come, surely he could not be mistaken, her willingness to be loved. She had not disguised it— had almost openly manifested it. This and her indisputable beauty had inflamed ??????- M.L U1O UaUViJ Tri*U UU1J HUbOVbU »U first, by-and-bye the fire reached to his heart Blamable it might be in its begin ning, irregular and unhealthy in its growth ; but now his love for his pa troness held him securely, raged within him fiercely. An eminent naturalist has described a female Epider he has seen that is apt sometimes to seize upon the male insect in the midst of his wooing of her, to en velop him in a close web, and then de liberately to devour him. ' The sight,' observes the student, 'filled him with horror and indignation,' as well it might. But do not some women rather resemble this female spider 1 They don't, of course, outright feed upon their suitors ; but they take pleasure in cruelly destroy ing the hopes they have rather labo riously animated. They toil to soften a heart, so that it may the more tenderly feel the wounds they purpose by-and-bye to inflict upon it Lady Bembridge's manner changed towards her lover. She had thawed him sufficiently, she now proceeded to freeze him. Her appearance, as she entered the studio, was superb. She had almost abandoned her mourning : she was ra diant with jewellery, her cheeks aflame with rouge. Her air was dignified, but something of offended majesty pervaded it. ' She had been disappointed — she would not say deceived. She had thought, when she commissioned the monument, that Mr. Kempe was already a distin guished sculptor. She admitted that she was not well informed on such subjects. It now appeared that he was but a stu dent — really quite a beginner — a sort of school-boy, in fact It was a pity that the Academy was notmore explicit about it, proceedings. Who was to know that it gave gold medals to inferior artists) Mr. Kempe would please do nothing fur ther at present Her ladyship must con sult her friends.' Her speech was to that effect. The poor artist was quite crushed. Was his mind giving way ? Could he trust his senses J Was it to Aim, Oliver Kempe, she had spoken ? Were those bitter words, those angry glances, really meant for him % He burst into tears ; he surrendered himself to despair. Then he wrote a beseeching letter, humbling himself to the dust, whining like a whipped spaniel. His letter was returned to him. Lady Bembridge could not be addressed in such terms. (Her own system of writ ing and spelling was that of a modern washerwomen.) He wept aloud. Was his state the more pitiable or contemptible ? One expression in her ladyship's note comforted him somewhat. He ventured to found upon it the most absurd hopes. She had said simply that she would see him soon 'about the monument' CHAP1EE V. When her ladyship came again she brought with her in her coach a splendid gentleman dressed in blue and silver. It was my Lord Lockeridge ; but she called him 'Frederick' simply, and he, it seemed, was permitted to address her as 'Dorothea,' He was of attenuated figure, with a white, worn face, spotted here and there with black sticking-plaster. He did little but gape behind his thin, sallow, jewelled hand, and take snuff from an enamelled box. Lady Bembridge bowed slightly to the sculptor. His heart sank within him as he met her cold, hard, merciless glance. ' This is the — the youth,' she said to his lordship. ' Ah !' and Lord Lockeridge turned on his red heel. ' What a grave-yard !' he said, surveying the studio through his quizzing-glass. ' Plenty of stuff to make paving-stones of?' Upon her ladyship's invitation he in spected the model for the monument, and presumed to criticise, even to ridicule it. Oliver had heart or strength for nothing now,' or he would have knocked the im pertinent nobleman down with a mallet ' Vastly diverting,' said his lordship. ' So this is a — a — monument, is it, Mr. — a — what's your name! Monstrous, absurd. Elephant and castle, and a camel saying its prayers. Gad's bud ! quite a wild-beast show. And the little boys without bodies — and — what ! more tavern signs! The Angel and Trumpet, and the Wheatsheaf— no — I beg pardon, I see it's the Cocoa Tree. But where's the Swan with Two Necks, and the Blue Boar?' His lordship was credited by fond friends with the possession of a pretty wit Lady Bembridge found his re marks eminently entertaining. She joined him in laughing at the monument she had planned to erect to the memory of her late husband. The sculptor was speechless.' ' I fear it will never do,' she said. 'It would be the laughing- stock of the whole town, a standing subject for lampoons, a mine of wealth to the wit lings. Why a monument at all ? It seems to me ? '.' ' Well, I thought,' ehe interposed, 'that respect for poor Sir Peter: — — ' She spoke with hesitation ; there -was no affectation no w of grief for the departed. There almost Beemed some shame that1 phe had ever been weak *nough to la-i inent him. ?*I.6we!Hm bo much,' she resumed.' ' But how deeply he was indebted to your ladyship. He had the honour of calling you his wife. Common decency required him to expire as soon as he could. It was the only way in which he could recognise and repay the obligation you had conferred upon him. You still wish something should be done % Most persistent, Dorothea ! Well, say a little tablet — two foot square, with a black border, and a neat inscription ; any mason fellow would manage the thing for a few shillings !' And without another word to the sculptor they quitted the studio. It was to be understood, of course, that Mr. Kempe's services were no longer required, that his labours were ended. He was white as a sheet, shivering, fainting almost The room seemed to swim round him. He staggered like a drunken man. He pressed his tremu lous hands upon his burning forehead. Then an angry moau escaped him, a cry of suffering, and he seized his mallet and beat to powder every portion of his model. The room was filled with a choking cloud of dust The design for Sir Peter's monument, the studies, mo dels, moulds and castings, had absolutely disappeared. He had been false to his Phillis, to his art, to himself. In all the frenzy of his suffering and his despair, he could yet admit that his punishment was wellde served. But that it should come from her hand ! At least her ladyship could bring no charge against him. He had not sinned against her. It conld be no crime in her eyes to love her as he had { loved her. Her ladyship, however, was but the instrument called on to inflict a merited chastisement That was the character in which she had to be re garded. The executioner does not ply his lash, or knot his cprd, or wield his axe becaused of sins against himself. In the case of Oliver Kempe, Lady Bern bridge had performed the cruel duties of the most ignoble officer of justice. She had befooled and betrayed Oliver Kempe, as a child tears a fly to pieces, for mere pastime. He had been as a whet-stone upon which the weapons of her coquetry had been sharpened and brightened, and preserved from rusting during her widowhood. She had used him as a marksman a target : she had tested upon him her accuracy of aim, and riddled him with the keen shafts of her glances, and then flung him aside as worthless and done with. She married Lord Lockeridge, of course, who wasted her fortune and per sonally maltreated her in the most shame ful way. The Lockeridge divorce case occupied the law courts and the upper house of parliament, and was a great public scandal during many years of the last century. But with that notorious matter we have no concern here. CHAPTER VL Oliver Kempe had fallen senseless upon the huge block of marble provided for Sir Peter's monument When con sciousness returned to him he could scarcely move, he was so benumbed by the severe cold of his stone bed. Hi« every limb seemed frozen, while yet his forehead ached and burned with fever. He prayed for death. The thought of existence was intolerable to him. How could he bear to lead a shameful life? He had been false in alL He a worshipper of art ! He had knelt at her shrine, not as a faithful devotee, but as a petty thief to filch the jewels and gold that decked it He prayed for death. But life came. Warm soft arms circled his neck, and sweet kisses were pressed upon his parched lips. 'Come back to me, my own,' whispered Phillis. He wept upon her tender bosom and was saved ; not to be famous, but to be happy. He was pardoned, of course. Phillis was one of those women, rich in heaven's own gifts of pity and mercy, and swift to forgive. A legacy had come to her from a wealthy godmother, lately deceased. She carried home her frail and ailing lover; enriched and restored him. He helped in her father's school. By-and-bye, he oc cupied altogether the schoolmaster's desk. He plied his statuary's implements now and then, but he cannot be said to have ever achieved any work of great im portance. In his native village, how ever, he was always accounted famous at carving the handles of walkiog-sticks. TTia school boasted many pupils, whose numbers, as the years passed away, were frequently increased by the enrolment of recruits, who called Oliver father and Phillis mother. No monument was ever erected to his memory, save only a simple tablet in his parish church. Still, in that respect he was better cared for than Sir Peter ; whose widow forgot, at last, to provide even the cheapest form of record in stone of the virtues (supposing him to have possessed any), and the public services (if, indeed, he ever per formed such) of her first husband, the rich nabob. Heabty Stjppebs. — It requires about five hours for the stomach to work off an ordinary meal and pass it out of itself, when it falls in a state of repose. Hence if a man eats three times a day, his stomach works fifteen hours out of the twenty-four. But the multitude of mechanics who are wildly clamorous for ' only eight hours a day' do not hesitate to impose on their stomachs fifteen hours' work, — nearly double. After a night's sleep we wake up with a certain amount of bodily vigor, which is faithfully portioned out to every set of muscles, each its rightful share, the stomach among others . When the external body is weary after a long day's work, the stomach bears its share of the fatigue ; but if, when the body is weary with the day's toil, we eat a heavy supper before going to bed, and thereby give the stomach a five hours' task which must be per formed, we impose an unnatural burden upon the very best .friend we have, — the one that gives us the largest amount of earthly enjoyments ; and if this overtaxing is continued, it must as certainly wear out, prematurely, as the body itself will if it is overworked every day. If persons eat between meals, then, the stomach has no rest from breakfast in the morning, until one, two, or three o'clock the next day. Hence it is that so many per sons have dyspepsia; the stomach is worked 60 much and bo constantly, that it becomes too weak to work at all It is to be hoped that every intelligent parent will press these things on the attention of their children as a matter of conscience. An irreverent batcher styles his shop a meating-house. New Name for Fog — Air apparent. 