A TRIANGULAR DUEL. A The constitutional voracity of some of our public men for office — on account of its pay and its patronage — for the easily ' earned money it brings in, and the morbid vanity it cheaply gratifies — is generally notorious. It should not, therefore, have surprised many (if . any) political ob servers amongst us to find — as they found last week — that the preliminary flourish of brazen trumpets, in anticipation of the next parliamentary . session, had been given.' There is one individual, whose magnificent estimate of himself is at times absolutely grotesque — who is always ready to propound — either from the stump or in the columns of a newspaper — the most startling doctrines, and defend them as simple primary truths. Having little originality, but a great deal of , cleverness, he seldom takes the trouble — probably because he has not the prompt- ing ability — of enunciating bold and novel doctrines pf bis own. He generally eon- tents himself with some old thesis from a flefunct democratic Review,, or some sur prising theory from a contemporary , -essayist, and then weaves a motley tissue of his own out of the stolen material. It is useless to write about him, as if he were a nameless thing — spectral and gaunt like the ghost of Kiama. The reader has already guessed that we are alluding to Mr, Henry Parkes. We may as well, therefore, deal with him and his pretences under his unpretentious name. It ,will be remembered he closed an , era of his public career, which may be , called the O'Farrell Era, with one of the most vituperative diatribes on the Irish race that was ever heard within the walls of a Deliberative Assembly. Irish gentle men, who were present on that occasion, can never forget his vindictive straining , of a group of historical facts — :all easily explicable, taken separately — to prove that the worst possible colonists which could be introduced into Australia — Ohinese and Indian pariahs not excluded — were Catholic Celts from Ireland. Even in this violent and virulent decla mation, the ground-work was not his own. He took it— rof course, without acknow ledgment — -from the introductory chapter ,of the late Lord Macaulay's illuminated lie — called " The History of England."- We will not disgust our readers by repro- ducing any portion of that impotent dis- play of malice and mendacity on the part of Mr. Parkes. Indeed, we' only allude to it to refresh memories — apt to be for getful of slights — on the present public .'attitude of this individual. His most recent display is quite in keeping with the uneven tenor of his whole life. Not content to await a meeting on the floor of the House of Assembly, with his former colleague and present enemy; — Sir James Martin — he must needs rush into print; and under the haze of a nom-de-plume — " An Elector" — in the Herald, endeavor to persuade the country that the Govern ment was overwhelmingly crushed on the ..appeal, and that it was sheer impudence on the part of its members to attempt to meet the House after such a defeat. In a word — the arena should be cleared as .'.quickly as possible for their successors, Messrs. Parkes/ Butler, and the rest. 'There is just sufficient truth diffusely spread over the analysis of returns in " An Elector's" letter, to conceal the sophistries that form its vital uftder- currents. It is true the Government has been beaten — deservedly — signally beaten; but nbt to make room for Mr. Parkes. His return to Parliament offers no guaranty of his return to office. If, how ever, his statements in the letter referred to had been again accepted without question by new members, it is not un likely they would — through utter in difference as to the particular set of men .. in power — have given a general support to Mr, . Parkes, who is transparently An Elector." Sir James Martin was determined not to give his old trump-card — his former knave of clubs,, or police men's batons — the chance : so, by hn equally transparent fiction, under the signature of " Another Elector," he de livered a well-aimed shot at Mr. Parkes. Sir James is not, in a literary sense, an .adept — in the use of self-cocking epi- grammatic revolvers. He fights with an old horse-pistol. The consequence is— Pr was — he made a noise — a loud explosion of mere words — and nothing more, or worse. He was at Mr. "Elector". Parkes's mercy, had not " A Third Party" — Mr. William Forster— caused a diversion in the duello — taking care, /however, to blaze only in the direction of Sir James, but to fire low, so as to hit the most ' vulnerable . part— the breeches' pocket — of Mr. Parkes. There was nothing remarkable in the aim, beyond its excellent inten tion.1 It has, however, ' had the effect of stimulating controversy and pro voking speculation in political circles. Mr. Forster, in somewhat clumsy phrase ology, ' denies the obligation of > being bound by pledges given, or promises made, to electors, during candidature. To some extent his views are right. Pledges are given in a sense, and under circumstances, which after events — including changes on the party chess-board — may justify a man in departing from. No pledge given by Mr. Forster, when unfolding the extent of his loyalty to electors, would— or should — bind him in honor or conscience to vote for a Martin-Parkes Treason Felony Bill. A man, to serve his con stituents worthily, must be free. They have trusted him — giving him their con fidence — relying on his integrity, intelli gence, and public status. Let them trust on till he betray them-r-if he will, or if he dare do so, they have their safeguards —their means of getting rid of him — if they will only intelligently apply them, when the first opportunity offers. He himself, too, has an honorable retreat from a promise he cannot fulfil : it is always in his power to resign his seat. Beyond gossip anl speculation, nothing has come out of the " Triangular duel." Mr. Parkes has had his shot at Sir James; the fire was heavily but clumsily returned ; Mr. Forster, from his quiet nook, blazed away at both — sending the pellets, however, home to Mr. Parkes. The public are not satisfied with this denouement. They think there is some thing in it ; that overtures must have been made by the present moribund Ministry to Mr. Forster; that he has been caught in the bold, hunter's toils ; and that we shall have another " strong Government" — in which Mr. Forster, like mild Octa- vius in the second Roman Triumvirate, will have his full share of honor and emolument. Notwithstanding the insis- tance which .this has been urged on us, we will not accept it without more infor- mation. Should Mr. Forster coalesce with Sir James Martin and Mr. Robert son, we shall doubtless hear his reasons, and examine them with the severest scru tiny in our power. At present, we are unable to form even a shadowy idea of what they may be. The mere turning Mr. Parkes aside — desirable as that would be in a politico-moral sense — would not bean adequate justification for an al liance with a despot of a different tone and temper. We fervently hope the new House of Assembly will have sufficient intelligence, fortitude, and probity not to become the tools of any old Party or frag ment of a Party. New members should enter on their duties'without a single pre possession in favor of any man, or set of men. Above all things, they should care fully watch the manoeuvreings 'of the heroes of " the triangular duel," and not give the slightest moral support to any of them — to any two of them — nay, not even to all three together (for such a combina tion is still possible), unless they are con vinced that the public affairs cannot be otherwise managed, a conclusion which, as geometricians say, is absurd. ' 