MINUTE OF THE SOCIETY FOR THE PROPAGATION OF THE .;?'?? ''??-?- ' gospel. . * ' '- ' ' v ?: ;??;??-:- 20 Duke-street, Westminster, S.W., 20fch July, 1872. The Society is at present grievously pressed by the want of missionaries for carrying on its great work of propagating the gospel in foreign parts. The ordinary appeal of a missionary society has been for funds. We ask now for men. l I. The following examples from the East alone will illus t.ra+.p. nnr want, ? — (a) The plan formed three years ago by the Bishop of Bombay for a chain of missions through the Mahratta country stands still for want of men. Only two of the projected stations have been occupied, and these by missionaries not sent out from England, but detached fron other missions in India which could ill spare them. The Bishop writes : — 'To get men is really the all-important matter. Our whole work here is now stagnant for. want of them. We must appeal fearlessly to the spirit of sacrifice out of which alone great efforts can come.' (b) In a letter just received from the Bishop of Madras, he says, 'We can find abundance of work for three or four right hearted missionaries.' ? (c) Four able missionaries have recently been removed by death .or illness from the work in Calcutta, and no successors have gone from England to take their places. The great design formed ten years ago by the late Bishop Cotton for the ?extension of the missions of the S.P.G. through the N.E. and E. parts of this diocese, including East Bengal/ Assam, and Burmah, has only been begun at each end. ????-. (d) The Bishop of Colombo writes : — 'It is heartbreaking to have the appeals made which come to me day by day, and to have to refuse them. The missions are being ruined for want of men.' (-?) The mission at Singapore has remained vacant for some , years, and the Bishop is compelled at last to have recourse to a neighbouring diocese for a missionary whom he cannot procure from England. And so in various other quarters, on both sides of the Atlantic, in South Africa, Madagascar, Guiana, the cry is for men. Nor is it only in our established missions that this great want is felt. In regions which were long closed to the good news of salvation by Jesus Christ, e.g. in China and Japan, there is now a door opened by which we, like others, are ready to enter, if able and devoted pioneers of the gospel would present themselves for the work. If we go. beyond our own sphere, and inquire into the con dition of other missionary societies, we learn that the same want is felt on every side. Ought we not, then, with one common supplication to cast this widely-felt and pressing care upon God himself, the Lord of the Harvest1? Many freely give their wealth: may not some be moved to devote to this sacred cause a nobler and more costly sacrifice — their intellectual powers, their moral weight, their Christian influence, a life like Henry Martyn's, and a death like Bishop Patteson's? II. Looking at the present state of the heathen, we observe that after eighteen centuries during which the gospel of our Lord has been proclaimed in the world, there are still 700 millions who have not received the message of salvation through Jesus Christ. Does not the history of the Church encourage us in our desire to be enabled to communicate personally and effectually with this multitude of souls, through the ambassadors of Christ1? Take three instances. r When the entire conversion of the Roman Empire to Christ was finally proclaimed in the fifth century, that memorable event was preceded not only by a spontaneous decay of the old religion and morality, but also by the active labours of apostolic missionaries, prolonged through nearly 400 years with patience worthy of 'our imitation. Again, in the four teenth century, when the conversion of Europe was completed, and the lingering superstitions of its remote regions were swept away before the advancing influence of Christian races, this influence was directed and applied by the continuous efforts of the heralds of the gospel. Once more, the Christianity of the New World, so far as it is established in America and Austral asia, is the result not only of emigration from Christian Europe, but also of the self-denying toil of missionaries in and beyond the outposts of civilised life. What, then, should be our practical conclusion at the present crisis ? The extension of the commerce, the arts, and the power of Christian nations has shaken the foundations of old superstitions in the hearts of those 700 millions of heathens. In India, Africa, and China, ground is broken up and prepared to receive the seed of the Word whenever the sowers go forth. In some parts the seed has been widely scattered, and, by the blessing of God, a few first-fruits have been already reaped. It would seem as if all that is needed to bring about the fulfil ment of God's gracious purpose towards those people is, under His blessing, the persevering labours of an increased number of Christian missionaries. III. In supplicating the Lord for a supply of labourers in the mission field, we are confident that we are asking Him according to His will. He has declared that He will have all men to be saved, and to come to the knowledge of the truth; He has reconciled the world unto Himself by Jesus Christ; He has committed unto His Church the word of reconciliation. By His Spirit He moves the hearts of men, and makes them able ministers of the New Testament, and orders the way of His evangelists. We are enjoined to pray to the Lord of the , harvest to send forth labourers, and we are encouraged so to pray by the fact that the choosing and sending forth of the twelve apostles immediately followed upon the intercession of the disciples and their Divine Master. Is it not still a law of the divine government that the Lord waits to be gracious? May He not even now be waiting for human intercession, to commission the men whom He has in His own counsels chosen for missionary work1? May it not be with us as it was with the early Christian Church, when, under the pressure of a great spiritual need, men set themselves by an act of solemn united intercession to seek the Lord1? — 'As they fasted and prayed, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work to which I have called them.' 