ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; On Saturday night last Byron's play of "Blow for Blow" took the place, at the Theatre Royal, of "Quite Alone," and Miss Evans sustained in it the character in which she first made the acquaintance of the Australian public. The selection of this piece can hardly be accounted a good one, for it enables observing people to compare Miss Evans's acting of three years ago, with her acting now. She has not only not corrected the faults which were then pointed out to her, but she has added to them. So determined a persistency in error argues a wilfulness which does not presage well for this young liady's career. It is manifest that she prefers the noisy and nndiscerning applause of gallery-boys, to the approval of those who who would be glad to see her use those natural abilities she possesses, so as to insure for her a permanent position, rather than a fitful appearance, on the Melbourne stage. Mr. Claremont sustained again the part of John Drummond. He has played other parts in this city, but this is the only one in which he has shown any capacity beyond that of the average sort. Of the other characters, Mrs. Collins's Kitty Wobbler is to be singled out for particular praise. Unlike some actresses when they retire for a time from the stage, Mrs. Collins has not only not deteriorated in the two years it must be two years—that she has been absent, but she has markedly improved. She plays with an unforced ease most agree able to witness. She speaks exactly in that natural manner which, although obviously the aim of all actors, would seem to be of all things the most difficult to acquire, if one may judge by the infrequent? with which it is adopted. No doubt Mrs. Collins's line of parts will be limited, but that will not in any way lessen the excellence of what she may do in that line, and her return to the stage, therefore, is a circumstance for congratula tion. MiRS Douglass has played Lady Linden on this occasion, in a manner to render it very obvious that she is making marked progress. There can be no doubt about Miss Douglass's ability, and though her career on the stage has been so far only gradual, and perhaps for some time may not be indicative of rapid advancement, she shows so much real intelligence, and exhibits such a marked readiness to correct her faults, that to pre dict a much larger measure of success for her seems to be quite warranted. Of the other characters, Mr. Stewart is to be com mended for his easy hnmour in the character of Spraggs, one of those comic creations which serve to relieve the <*nrlrOT aspects of sensational melodrama. As Dr. Grace, I Mr. Collier had a part in which his special ability had a good opportunity of showing itself to advantage, and Mm. Crosby, who I excels in a certain very restricted range of genre characters, was well cast for Mrs. Mouaely. But Mr Monro was quite abroad as an English baronet, and it is only special managerial exigencies which can quite account for his having such a part allotted to him. Mr. W. M. Brown, who appears at fitful intervals upon the Melbourne stage, and who has a sort of ability that can be made useful in a certain directum, made more of Mr. Craddock than it is the rule to make of such accessory parts. Last night Miss Evans played Hamlet, on the occasion of her benefit If intrepidity could ensure success, then would Miss Evans have been entirely successful. So would she if a certain confidence and loudness of de livery of the text could have second it She never hesitated, never flagged, never gave the least hint that she did not believe herself capable of giving a perfect interpretation of tbecharaeten And apparently some of the a^dienoe were quite her of opinion. In fact, there is no denying that Miss Evans was oa excellent terms with the aadienoa. The question suggests itself, however, what were the reaaons which induced them to applaud hfr so energetically! Perhaps they applauded hir for her intrepidity. If so, they had good Bnfc if tliep applauded her as the of aa opinion that she had any of the chamoM; or any ability ,tflj Interpret its meaning, their opinion is at lust peculiar. -Miss- -Evans had made herself reasonably perfect with the " and die emphasised > some words and there as If bp '.way. of, producing in intimation; hot even ais a correct j, by Btikolet, taking the roost indul view of it, most be ronfessed a failure, the pfber characters, Jffr.ColIierjrteyed King fairly, fhmgh m dressed if re* Miss Buahe, as the Qoeen, was >bablyasgood a representative oftbe part IctmMhehadnnderthednnunstahces. Mm. Ini n^gnexceedlntfyjflassant pphella, line the pmsic Jn the mad scene with characteristic plalntiveneu. Ah. Clare espMiaWe Ghost Jfr* Montpa rcwhat hutif Laertes," and Mr. Stewart— a i?#" of Soiuia^an excellent First ivedigger, Tor tie rest, they most likely ' Itheir best, and bo most becredited with to that extant Bat ''Hamlet,", under similar drcomstanoes, is a thing' not ■ ■ People do not care nowadays very much for farces, and it iB a good deal the custom Dot to stay for the afterpiece, but "The Two Gregories" being a musical farce, and Mr. Stewart, Miss Stewart, and Mrs. Collins being musical, it is very much within the compass of the company to play such apiece, so that you might stay to see it without regretting you had stayed. The Princess's has been kept open during the last fortnight on the co- operative principle. On Saturday night "The Octo roon" was played, and the same programme served for Monday, Tuesday, and Wednes day, since when, the bill has been varied with sensationalism, and the novelty of one or two accessions to the company. It is quite natural the company should desire to keep the theatre open as long as possible, but, regarding all the circumstances, it is hardly likely they will be able to make a stand against the competition of the other theatres, even with a redaction of prices. On Monday night,at the Princeof Wales. Mr. Marcus Clarke's version of "Foul Play" was reproduced. It it now four years since it was first played at the Haymarket. It has been modified a little for present purposes, and the caste is, as a matter of course, for the most part different. Mr. and Mrs. M'Gowan sus tain the characters they did nnder Mr. Roberts's management; the others are dif ferently filled. Miss Green and Mr. C&rden; respectively play Helen Rolleston and Robert Penfold, and the three old men are in the hands of Mr. Daniels, Mr. Gladstone, and Mr. Milne. The part of the detective has served to introduce Mr. O'Brien to the audience of this house. He met with a cordial reception—as he deserved—and played the part with that careful attention to its excep tional qualities which both his general ability and his particular aptitude in broken-English characters made it certain he wonld give. Robert Penfold is in the class of characters that Mr. Carden can play well, always assum ing a certain standard by which to measure them. Miss Green quite comprehends the nature of the part of Helen Rolleston, but she fails in the representation to give it that complete prononncedness necessary to impress the audience as fully as she herself is im pressed. The part is one having a strong individuality. It requires to be painted in high relief, and with a well-defined colouring. Speaking by illustration, Miss Green's acting of the part may be described as good in drawing, bat weak as to its lights, shadows, and tints. It is pretty instead of being grand. There may, perhaps, seem to be a sort of inconsistency in speaking of the grandeur of a character in a J melodrama. Bat it is only necessary to I remember that heroism is as much a quality of modem domestic life, as of the age which the dis tance of timehas taught ub to regard as properly heroic. Modem heroism is not celebrated in epics, but it exists as truly as that human nature is the same as ever it was. So that there is nothing really inconsistent in invest ing a young woman in a melodrama with attributes of grandeur, and Helen Rolleston is exactly the young woman npon whom such qualities seem to sit welL Nothing wonld be further from the mark than to represent her in a stilted, galvanised fashion, speaking in a sepulchral monotone, and walking in strides between each of which yon might count five. But it is qnite possible to preserve the statuesque habitus, and yet to sacrifice nothing of naturalness. It is a great mistake to suppose that nature and insipidity mean the same thing. Miss Green's great natural intelligence will quite enable her to compre hend this troth. It b at the same time only her doe to say, that if she did not in her impersonation of Helen Rolleston altogether realise what is understood by this quality of natural statnesqneness, she never departed from the limits within which what* ever is done is pleasing. Indeed, Hiss Green may be taken as the very type of pleasantness in acting, and her obvions desire to make the most of her opportunities always commends her to favourable notzoe, if it does not win for ber the highest expression of praise. Bat "Fool Play" has not been the only novelty doting the past week at this theatre. Last Saturday, Mr. Palgrave Simpson's drama, or rather the drama by Mr. Palgrave Simpson and Mr. F. Dale, of "Time and the Hour" was played, and ft may advantageously be revived on some early oocasion, for it is one of the best-constructed dramas of its diss. It has thefcepntation of being original, and If so, Mb Simpson, orMr.Dde,orboth. deserve credit for a good deal of invention. It has all the neat ness of donstaraction which characterises the French modem play, and if Mesas. Simpson and Dale have not adapted it from the French, they have made the French play the object of their particular attention, artf have profited aooordingly. " Time and the Honr" was performed at the Haymarket daring Mr. Gilbert Roberts's management in the latter part of 1S68, and it will be remembered how forcibly Mrs. Steele played Marian Beck. On thepceaent oocasion Iffae Green haa played i^ ahdnith very considerable euooeac. The pirt of themuruetingand forging baronet has baendonebyMr.Carden,wboliatlo8tagood dpal of bis opportunity by the empfaymeht of abyper-melodiamstic style. BotMcaPhillipcTi rlfta parvenue, labouring underachronic d|fficoity~on the subject of the letter H, is of t^e highest kind of Oooentrio oomedy. lb; fjoole's amateur detective only requires a little koreoiiomb to be of Mngelar excellence, gnd tr. M'Gowan'sMontgomery Brown—a part, l( think, he played when the pieoe waspte* i ted before—is quite in his own especM line. i?ravestie" haa been givehlor after* daring the week. To-night" The Irish i" is to he revived, and Mrs. Giadstane< itj is understood, will make hec reappearance' ifitheobaraetevofMorahMenion; and Miss Jnno, Mr. Boberts,and MissLeake wfll appear fbr the finttimeatthistheatre. jAt the Town-ball to-night thewwIUbea? .concert fartbebeaefit of Ma Jnliua Hers, gj gentleman wfco Js so well and! sofavoorably > known thathemay ^calculate upon a huge attendance and a warm reception, j Mr. Hoskina and Miss Colville have been for the last eight weeks fulfilling a most successful engagement in Dunedin, where they contemplate remaining nntil Christmas. Miss Colville's Camille, which she played dnring seven consecutive nights, has evoked very marked expressions of praise from the critics. Mr. Hoskins has played Hamlet, which is described as "masterly"; Sir Charles Coldstream, which we all know to be admi rable; William, in " Black-eyed Susan," which is described as having the real salt water flavour; Richelieu, which the New Zealand critics hold to be a most excellent example of refined elocutionary power; and Sir Harconrt Courtly, which lie essayed for the first time. The season at Adelaide came to an end on Monday night, the occasion being the manager's benefit The play was Robertson's " Caste," and Mr. Lazar played Sam Gerridge. The house was crowded, the applause very marked, and Mr. Lazar made one of those managerial speeches with which an audience is always pleased. He had previously cir. culated an address to the public of Adelaide thanking them for their patronage and reviewing the season, and the company had presented him with another address, in which they pud him very warm compliments. The company left by the Aldinga for Melbourne on Tuesday, and arrived on Thursday. They nnnenr on Mondav in the always-popular pia; of "Scbool." TAfflTE. 