SYDNEY BETHEL UNION. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the above was held on Wednesday, 18th instant, in the Mariners' Church, George-street North. His Excellency Sir Hercules Bobiason in the chair. The attendance was large, and among those present was a con siderable number of seamen from the ships of war and the merchant veeeels now in our harbour. After the singing of the 86th hymn in a collection used by the congregation at the Mariners' Church, and prayer had been offered by the Bev. J. P. Sunderland, the proceedings were commenced MINISTER B KEPOET. Tour Excellency, Chrietiao friends, and ail interested in the. moral and spiritual progress of the Mariners' Institute,— In bringing before you my second year's report as Minister of the Church, I am happy to be able to say, that our Great Head of tbe Church, Lord of sea and land, has not suffered me to labour in vain in this department of Christian work. The Lord's work amongst sailors, and tbose connected with them in secular life, is of an exciting character, consequent of so many chances; faces with whom \rc are made familiar with for a short time, they pac6 away, and others come whose expressions vary as do their temperament, and the cation they belong to ; still the Gospel can bless all. On our firct visit to new arrivals, we distribute tracts and ask questions. Tbe first is generally have you any teetotallers here! Sometimes the answer is in the affirmative, ?' We have.' It Is oftener, 'Weiaveto be so here, as the captain will give us no answer to this, I am glad to say, I sometimes get an affirmative ' Yes we have, and he ie an out-and-outer, fore and afc, and no, mistake ; I have not met with his equal in my life.' This charac ter wes given by the officer of one of our pious sailors. 8nch sailors are of great service on board of ship affecting the fearful character of the crew. I have often heard both captains and officers, as well as portions of the crew, speak to that effect. This is a source of encouragement to us in oar work, against many discouragements, in seeking to obtain the desired object of this institution, viz., that all our sailors should become sober and intelligent Christians. This would cause peace and harmony amongst crews, officers, and passengers, as well as give increased safety to valuable ships and cargoes as they are being continually transported from one part of the globe to another through the dangers of the Beas. We have Bad during tbe year some additional labour Mid expense laid upon the friends of the institution in obtaining and paying; for a new and much larger harmonium, which cost £62, the old one was sold for £13, leaving us £19 to raise by coUecticg. Tea and public meeting.— The united efforts of the mends were successful in clearing off tbe whole expanse. The names of contributors will be given at the close of this report ; as well as the names of those who contributed toward the improve ment or tbe church ground joining Bethel- street. Our Sabbath school services are continued twice on the Lord's day. We trust increasingly useful to the children, a blessing to their parents, and pleasure to theteachers. We had a short time ago a picnic with tbe children to Birkenheid accompanied -by near forte of our young sailors ; aU seemed to enjoy th«mselves along with the children, engaging in the various amusements of tne day. «-,««!iCmp.e?ace meet'iB«.neld f»rtaightly, are well attended; «5«.w .Vs ^e * 7el7. actlve pwt ta m3Lki«-B «»em attractive, by tinging their social and temperance songo, and giving recitations. We have numbers take the pledge, and I thick tb! majority of ^ ''k1! VhS are foUow iD6 tbe «?? It is true some bre°k their pledge, but when we consider the many temptations, tot*. ar« put in their war and inducements offered them to dnnk, the surprise is ibat so many keep their pledges. -«.«? TTbe Son* of Temperance, as benefit societies, assist «* greatly towards the permanent reform of tne drunkard. For such, insti tutions we thank the Girer or all good gifts. . . OorWflors' reading- room is still open a portion of 1 '« day, frcm 10 ft.m. to 2 p.m., and always in the evening, ««Pt'Lh«n there is service in tbe church ; visitors' book g! res from 1800 to 1900 visitors during year. It i« not so weU attended as 1 we desire it should be, by tare for wiose benefit especial!/ it was opened. It U 10 situated that the men belonging to the ships near tt it might avai themselves of its use daring the dinner hour, if they felt eo cittiostd. Although our reading-room wso neatto the rfiips, tbereare otter rooms nearer, tbe effects of which for evil upon the men, I hear complaints continually. Against one, from captains/that it is the cause of them losing Uifcir men. and often ef tbe men being cast into prison— from office] p. that they cannot get their work done in consequenee of the men going there, it being so near— from sober men, that it is tbe cause of great disturbance on board of their ships, being so near, tbe tipplers can go to it during the day. I saw for myself when on board of one ship opposite this room, the men come out of it drunk; theyeame on board, and one of them assaulted the chief and second officers; they had to send tor thp police to arrest him, and he was cast into pnepn. The tap-rooms so near the Quay are regarded by all whose ships lay near them as a nuisance, affecting the execution of the sbip'swork, and the peace of their crew«. * . jjjiBl- drink, aad its many auxiliaries tending to evil, is the chief caise of all the immoralities committed, and suffering endured by the teamen when m our port. «»?*«««'« » all well wishers to tne prosperity 01 ium mmui™ w =?=*= ?» many open houses for the common sale of intoxicating liquors. Surrounding our shipping, knowing that they are so many temptations io drunknness and its terrible effects ; it is to be hoDcd by tbe united actioa of the friends of our sailor visitor '. eorne of tlieee temptations will be taken out of the way before acoiher AxniverBsry. notwithstanding »U these evils and discouragements, our labours have not all been in vain, as the following extracts from teKo'lItofSS MintellTgent sailor holding an officers certificate. Bpcikir'g of bis experience before I met with him, be writes,— 'Oh Bif, I musUiave been groping in the dark all thesB months, I feel assured the Lord was working with me, but my stubborn will and pride resisted him. But now, sir, I know that the light haUheni upon meand driven my darkness away ; 1 1 know that the Lord Jeais died for me. I grasp 'he promise as does ?AnwmB9 man a rope cast to him; and here it is 'That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shall bsfceve in thine heart that God raUcd him from the dead, thou ehalt be eared.' The moment you read it to me on batur dav evenine. light seemed to flash upon me, and I saw then how plain and simple it was to believe to the saving of the soul. O, Sir I feel a joy unspeakable. I am Uke a Uttle child. I feel daily need of wisdom and strength from above. Waea at the Lord's table on Sabbath morning I had a strange feeling of unworthinesa and assurance that through the blood of Christ I had life The same man, about six weeks after writing to me, says :— ' We shall eailto-morro w. I cannotleave without again expressing my gratitude for your kind hospitality and fatherly, counsel in explaining 10 me the plan of salvation in Christ. I shall often think of the happy times I spent in Sydney.' No. 2 writes:— 'I cannot leave for home without giving you Eome account of the cnange taat l nave passeu mrougu. dbiu™ tbat change I often made resolutions to serve God, but it was in my own Btrength, and I as often failed. I was ashamed to let my conviction be known. It was that which prevented me from speaking to you the 8unday night you first -saw me ; aud, had it not been for your son's alertness in noticing me, and calling your attention tc me, I might have been still wallowing in sin, as I have been, even on board of this ship, a leader in wickedness, and felt disgusted with myself. I shall not cease to thank God tbat Be did not cut me otf w my sins. I never understood what pure simple faith was till God, in His inunite mercy, threw me acroes your path, and yoa explained to me the promise ' What soever ye shall ask the Father in my name. He will give it you. I prared in full confidence that the Lord would grant me His pardon, and He did. Rest assured, dear Sir, that I will ever pray for yon, tbat God may abundantly bless you in your good work.' No. S writes : ' We are soon to start for home. Thank God, I cViott h-- nhtn tn foil mv imrptits and friends what the Lord has done for me in saving me. I am a teetotaller aUo, and my continued prayer is that the Lord will keep me firm to my pleige and Christian duties. As you say, sir, we are not to keep our good to ourEelves, but seek to bring others to the Saviour. Taat 1 intend to do by Hie help. You remember the night you spoke to me as I was returning to my ship. I had betri taking my usual in tbe tap-room. Vou asked me if I was a teetotaller. I said no. Tou said would I be one, telling me the great advan tages I would derive from it. I promised then to come to your house, and I thank heaven that I did; aad when we prayed together, ob, Sir, God only, who knows the hems of all men, knows what I then felt ; and since that time I have felt very happy, acd pray continually that the Lord will keep me aud make me a blecEing to my poor shipmates. I hope the Lord will spare me, end keep me ia the right way till I meet with my dear mother and sister, to tell them what He has done for my soul.' No. 4 writes :— ' Respected Father in the Lord, many tuanks to the Lord who led me to you and through you to Himself, sinner as I was and miserable. I shall never forget the night I first saw you, and beard you repeat te me the verses in the 10th chapter of .Romans, my heart seemed to leap within me, and I felt a new man directly. What will my dear wife say when she sees the change in me. 1 will read to h r the verses that were so blessed to tne, and explain them. I know that she will then ask me to pray with her, so that we may thank God together for his goodness and love to ue both. There will be ho more public-house for me then. I will take my Bible in hand, and my wife by my Bide,— we will go to the house of God together.' No. 5 write&j;— ' My dear Sir— I thank you for directing me to the Saviour. I now feel that there is no true happiness without Christ. I have tried different ways, but found no relief till I gave up all my sins and believed in .Jesus to the saving of my soul. Let me tell you, Sir, that the Devil has got me into many a scrape, but he nevty helped me out ; but the Lord did. I was once ia a new ship, in the China Sea. The captain and officers got drunk, —then the men broke into the spirits, and all got drunk except two ; also eleven passengers. What would have become of us if ?re had met with a squall or a shift of wind. We should all have been loBt, body and soul, for ever. Oh. Sir, no one knows how hard it is for an old drunkard to give ud drink till he tries it. May God pity the drunkard, and bless you in your work of saving them from a drunkard's hell.' No. 6.— This writer is but a youth. He says,— 'I have been twelve months at sea, to-day, but no happiness till now, and the cause is, the Lord has blessed your words to me ; had He not led me to yop, I might have been this day a wicked, reckless, 8atan strviDg sinner. May the Lord help you in your noble work in sating poor wretched sinners, and that they may teceive as much good as I have, the short time I have been in Sydney. God bless you, and Mrs. Gainford, and all your family, ever moie.' No. 7 writes,—' Reverend Sir, I beg to return you many thanks for the kindness I have received at your hands, and for the inter est you have taken in my spiritual welfare; since the first night I knelt with you in your study, from that time I have beea a changed man, and the enjoyment I now feel causes me to thank God that I ever came to 8y dney. I am no w a teetotaller, and such is my enjoyment that I find myself inwardly thanking God hourly for His goodnesa to me. I pray, dear sir, that your institution may be made a blessing to many poor sailors visiting this port.' A Curious Stout.— In the last number of the Chint, Overland Mail we find the following:— A curious story ie in circulation amocget the Chinese— curious as it re.ctes to the alleged appearance of the murdered man's spirit asking for redress. Sometime ago, a junk sailed from Bcifoong, containing a number of copies for the bairacoons of Macao. Having arrived there, the live cargo \rae quickly disposed of, and tbe captain received as freight something over 1000 dollars. This incited tke helmsman ecd tome of the crew to league themselves with two piratical junke to attack the boat and to rob the captain of the money. Two or three days sines, the junk left Macao, going back to Hoifoong. On the way, near Chang Chew, the two pirates hove in sight, and the helmsman steered -Aoee up to them, when the pirates boarded tbe junk, killed the captain and threw him over board. Here comes the mvaterious part of the etory. The master of the Luk £«e barraooon one nigDt dreamed a dream, in whioh he saw the ghost of the murdered man before him, saying be had been murdered, that he was robbed of his money, and that he wished the barracoon master to complain and try to obtain redress for him, which he thought would not be difficulty the pirates were failing off Chang Chow. On the strength of this dream, the barracoon master complained to the Portuguese authorities, who sent out a gunboat, and the pirates were found at the cpot indicated by the ghoBt. It is said that the crew of the attacked josk (who had oome-to Hongkong was the brother of the deceased, and had been out in seve ral places. Whether there is any troth in the statement of the appearance of the ghost or not, the f aots of the robbery and capture are oonect. New Australian Evidence.— 'Wonderful Cure of General Ill-health.— Melbourne, October 10, 1870. To Doctor Bristol. Bir,— Having recovered my health, after long years of illness and miserable feeling, through tbe nee of your Bristol's Sarsap arilla and Pills, I feel that I must give yon my testimony that others suffering as I did may be induced to use these valuable preparations. It ia now over seven years since I was first attacked with severe stinging pains in my back and Iimb3 which prostrated me for seven or eight weeks ; shortly after organic derangements took place that made me etill worse, and since then, until I took your medicine, I never experienced a well day. I used thirteen bottles of the sarsaparilla and four phials of pills, which completely cured me of all my pains and aches, and I am now as strong as ever I was. I am, Sir, very respectfully, Amelia J, Bubro,vqbs. £, Row and Co.— adv. 