LOCAL REPRESENTATION IN THE SOUTH-EAST. A new authority has been estab lished in the South-East. Hitherto the euxberant mental activity of that rising district has expended itself in newspaper controversies, deputations to Ministers, and friendly conferences between plenipotentiaries from the several townships; but all these ex pedients were of a temporary charac ter, and produced no permanent result beyond convincing outsiders that the people were fully alive to their wrongs and exceedingly restive under them, It is true that a certain oligarchy calling itself the Mount Gambier Far mers' Club, and arrogating to itself comprehensive functions, tried hard to secure the position of recognised grievance - monger, and for years engaged solemnly in the periodic dis j cussion of political andsocial,aswellas occasionally of agricultural topics, but the public perversely refused to re cognise it as a representative institu tion. In spite of ridicule and insult i from without and frequent dissensions within, it contrived to eke out an un happy existence until within a recent period, when it formally resigned its self-imposed duties, and decently yielded up the ghost. It was too local to be appreciated throughout the entire district, and constituted as it was, too ambitious in its aims to gain any large amount of respect. It had lived without sympathy; it has died without regret.... ( But the new organization which appears to have sprang from the ex piring embers of the politico-social Farmers' Club comes into existence under more favourable auspices, and is likely to produce more satisfactory results. It is, in fact, an Association of District Chairmen, modelled after the similitude of the august body that meets from time to time on this side of the Murray to give a voice to the com plainings of District Councils, and to confer upon matters of high importance to the state. Situated as the South East is with regard to the centre of government, it is important that she should have Bome definite means of making her wants known, and of pressing them importunately upon the attention of the authorities, and there is no impropriety in the Chairmen of District Councils taking this duty upon themselves. Iu their official capacity they are intimately connected with those questions with which alone the Government are called on to interfere. They have to deal with the making and maintenance of roads, with the sale of Crown lands, with the geographical partition of the country, aud indirectly with the electoral boundaries. They have authority in the matter of im poundings, in respect to the destruc tion of thistles, and in reference to the carrying into effect of many Acts of Parliament. Nothing could be more, appropriate therefore than that they should meet aud construct a uniform policy upon as many of these subjects as possible. The -want of concord amongst the people beyond the Mur ray as to what their real requirements are is to blame for much of the neglect of which theiy justly complain. One end of the district remains in chronic antagonism to the other, and the Par liament,bewildered by conflicting re presentations, adopts the indolent plan of displeasing both parties by doing nothing. : The Association may do . much towards taking this excuse for inaction out of their mouths. To judge by the report of a recent meeting of the Association it is not likely to err on the side of defect. Besides discussing at length the questions of internal communication, thistle destruction, and the manage ment of its own affairs, it branched off into a critical examination of the electoral division question, passed re solutions ;>in relation to absconding debtors and Border duties, and con sidered the best means of bringing its suggestions under the notice of the Legislature. This is not at all ai bad selection of subjects to begin upon. They are all matters in which the South-East' is- deeply interested, and upon fivepfthem at . least legislation should without delay be carried to a definite issue ; but we question much whether the Association will enhance its usefulness by being so all-embracing in its objects. A solution of the road and railway difficulty and the settle ment of the electoral question are probably the first necessities of the South-East, and the statement of a distinct policy upon the former topic at least comes strictly within the range of the duties of a body of Dis trict Chairmen; but Border duties and the arrest of absconding debtors are subjects which have no special re levancy to the due discharge of their functions. The Parliament will be disposed to attach weight to their declared opinion that the construction of main, roads should be provided for out of the Land Eund; that railways should be constructed by private Companies in return for grants of land; that the metalled road to Narracoorte from Mount Gambier should be com pleted ; that the twenty-one days' notice required to be given under the Thistle Act should be dispensed with ; and that all Crown lands infested with thistles and burrs should be let by the Government on a clearing lease at a peppercorn rental; but no peculiar importance can be attached to their pronounciamentos upon political matters over which they have no juris diction. "We welcome the South Eastern District Chairmen's Associa tion as a useful institution, but respect fully suggest that it should confine its attention to those topics upon which it can speak with authority.-Register. 