WEDNESDAY, MAT 22. THE SUPPRESSION FROM HANSARD. Mr. DUFFY drew attention to the statement made by an hon. member (Mr. Ramsay) on a previous night that one portion of his (Mr. Dufly's) explanation with regard to the appointment of Mr. Cashel Hoey as secretary to the Agent-General had been suppressed in the Hansard. He then held Hansard in his hand, and quoted from if his exact words, which the hon. member had said had been suppressed. Mr. RAMSAY admitted his error, and apologised. Mr. SPENSLEY referred to a statement made in the debate on Tuesday night, by the hon. member for St. Kilda (Mr. Fellows) tff the effect that it was not in accord with the views of that House that an appointment of considerable importance, meaning Mr. Holmes' appointment as police magistrate, should be given to one who was an avowed Fenian. He (Mr. Spensley) had felt it his duty as head of the department to call on Mr. Holmes for an explanation of the statement ade by the hen. member for St. Kilda, and e read that gentleman's reply, which denied n the most positive terms tbe statement as to is being a Fenian. HE WANT OF CONFIDENCE MOTION RESUMPTION OF THE DEBATE. Mr. MASON was unable to judge from the arguments which had been used in the debate why it was certain members of that House bad no confidence in his Excellency's present advisers. Why had they no confidence ? Was it because they propose to deal liberally with all interests of the country, to develope her resources, and refrain from what bad been an injustice to the people of this country under previous Governments ? Was that the reason why they had no confidence in his Excellency's present advisers ? Messrs. Gillies, Kerferd, and Langton were in office before, and whae were their qualifications? Did the country again require tbe services of that able statesman, the hon. member for Collingwood (Mr. Bates), and the agriculturists want the hon. member for Dundas (Mr. Macpherson) back again in the Lands Department ? Did the people want that able financier, the hon. member for Richmond (Mr. Francis), back again ? Let hon. members who did not desire to see an administration formed of such members vote with him against the amendment. Mr. A. T. CLARK criticised appointments made by the Government, and objected to a rebel being appointed to any official position. He would vote for the amendment. MR. DUFFY said the motion before the chair was one designed not only to overthrow the Government as a political party, but to dishonour public men*in every capacity of Government service. It was his intention to defend the charge in both its branches. When he had taken office he did BO with the full determination that the support afforded to him by all classes should be used only for public ends, and he was there that night to defend that purpose. (Hear, hear.) It seemed to him that the order of the day was to throw dirt at the Government, ".because if they did not forfeit the confidence of the country, the conspiracy of Flinders lane would end disastrously. (Hear, hear.) He approached the question under some difficulties, because he did not know whether all the charges the Government were expected to meet had been made against them. The hon. member for Richmond had made just such a state ment as to these charges as he thought pwv per to that House, instead of a clear and Conclusive statement. He remembered in the last debate how hon. members one after another assailed him personally when his mouth was closed, and when it was suggested that he should have an opportunity offered him of replying, instead of consenting to that arrangement, they greaned in a chorus of passion, declaring that he should not. Wefi, he did not know if on the present occasion those tactics had been repeated. That course seemed to him scarcely fair, but his time had come now and he relied on the eleetric force of simple truth to carry conviction to every honest mind. To begin with the charges made against him. It was said that he used public tables for the purpose or assailing political opponents." ThScharge was grossly untrue. He had used the platform of these public entertainments simply against those who were assailing him. Among the members of the late Government were at least three gentlemen, and among the present Opposition four gentlemen, who were not only connected with, but are writing for public journals, and were assailing the present Government. It did not follow, then, that he would listen to these thingB without assailing in tnrn. If the Government had listened in silence the effect would have been that during the long recess they would have been lied out of office. Mr. MACKAY rose to a point of order, and after a slight passage of arms between Mr. Yale and Mr. G. V. Smith, and after Mr. Vale had withdrawn some discourteous statements made by him against the hon. member for Sandhurst (Mr. Mackay), Mr. DUFFY resumed. He mentioned sub" jects at those meetings that the conduct of four members of the House had rendered necessary. The hon. member for Dundas Mr. Macpherson) repeated to the House how he (Mr. Duffy) had assailed his land policy. That land policy belonged to the dead past, and it mattered little to him (Mr. Duffy) whether it related to this country or Kamschatka. The hon. member for Dundas was a writer and had an interest in one of the newspapers of the city, in which the Ministry was assailed not six times but twentysix times during the week. Everything that Ministers said was misrepresented in that journal; and was it likely they would remain silent when chargeB of that nature were made? Mr. MACKAY rose to a point of order. Mr. MACPHERSON : I beg to tell the hon. member I never had a share in any paper, and that I never wrote a line that appeared in any paper in this colony. (Hear, hear, from Opposition benches.) Mr. DUFFY said he was bound, in Parliamentary courtesy, to accept the hon. member's statement. The hon. member had not only set him (Mr. Duffy) right, but also a large number of members in the House and persons in the country. For these specific reasons he had referred to the hon. member for Dundas, because an impression prevailed that he was directing that machine — he meant the Daily Telegraph—against ihe Ministry. Had he (Mr. Duffy) had opportunity of having that impression denied, he would not have acted as he did, but he had acted, as he then thought, in self-defence. He referred also on several occasions to the hon. member for West Melbourne (Mr. Langton). One evening, during his absence from illness, Mr. Langton stated to the country that he (Mr. Duffy) had abandoned his opinions on the education question. The only foundation for that charge was that a considerable change had been made in the estimates from previous years; but that change was made by the member for Richmond ; and he would nndertake to say that if the member for West Melbourne got a government with the member for Richmond at the head of it he would bring down the estimates in that identical fashion. The hon. gentleman proceeded to charge Mr. Langton with criticising the members of the House in the Argus. Mr. LANGTON denied that he did so. Mr. DUFFY.—I cannot accept that statement as I did the statement of the member for Dundas, because the hon. gentleman showed me one of his articles before it went to the paper. (Laughter.) Mr. LANGTON said that he meant snce the hon. gentleman had been in office. Mr. DUFFY said if anything had inter- the ordinary practlcc of the hon. member he had not communicated it to him. (Laughter.) The hon. member often referred to Hansard, • where their speeches were set forth against the great day, and he ought to lay his criticisms of hon. members which had appeared in the local journals before the House, so that they might hold him accountable for what he had written. He rejoiced that the hon. member had taken up a position of antagonism to the present Government. He had had him both as a colleague and an antagonist, and he preferred him in the latter capacity. (Laughter.) The hon. member for West Melbourne (Mr. Langton) was a steady Freetrader at all times, except when at the last election he stated that if the hon. member for Richmond (Mr. Francis) was afraid to impose 20 per cent, duties, he was not. (Laughter and cheers.) When the late hon. member for Brighton introduced his education bill the hon. member for West Melbourne congratulated him upon it, but when the tide of popular opposition set in he floated from it, and resisted the measure. The hon. member also condemned the confessing of judgments by the Government during the Darling Grant dead lock, but when he came into effice be at once commenced confessing judgment. (Laughter.) And the hon. member's colleague who now occupied the chair of tbe House severed himself from the Government on account of this. At a recent general election the Darling Grant Question was a test point. The hon. member came into office at that perica and rejected any proposal to grant money. The elections, however, took place, and the hon. member step by step proceeded till he framed a bill to grant the money. This gentleman was scarcely the rig'it person to set himself up now as a guide and prophet. No stronger proof could be given of the desire of the Government to carry cut the popular will than that Mr. Vale and himself should forget personl differences. (Cheers.) The attacks of his hon, colleague (Mr. Vale) originated in early education, and he (Mr. Duffy) never replied ex- ceptin defence. He had made, it an unvarying rule of public life never to attack anybody, and never to -permit anybody to attack him with impunity. But though he accepted anybody who had assailed him at one time from .motives not discreditable, to him, whatever political changes might come he would not take to his bosom a man who had charged him with having seized upon the public funds illegally, as the hon. member for West Melbourne had done. Had not the hon. member for Dundas charged the hon. member for Richrnond with illegally suspending an aot of Parliament to put money into his own pocket, and that of his colleague, the member for Morn ington, and hie supporters ? Had he not charged him with subjecting the country to an expense of £63,000, which he distributed amongst his friends ? And had not tlie hon. gentleman who made these charges been denounced by Sir James M'Culloch as one who had degraded this country in the eyesof the world more than any othnr? yet the hon. member for Hiclimond and the hon. member for West Melbourne had taken him to their arms. Having justified the course he took in referring to the hon. members whom he alluded to in his after-dinner speeches, Mr. Duffy proceeded to notiee the hon. members whom he did not attack, but who attacked him. During the debates there bad been two or three fine effectswhen the hon. member (Mr. "Walker) crossed to the other side of the House, and when the hon. member for Collingwood (Mr. Harker) rose and shook the dust off his shoes against the Government. Young members who accepted the traditions of the House must have thought that the milk of human kindness in that hon. member's bosom had been curdled by vexation, but he hoped to enlighten them, ami show that it was the black bile of personal malignity. (Loudcries of Order, Chair.) After some further discussion, Mr. DTTFKV withdrew the remark, and said he should simply give the narrative, and allow the House to draw its own conclusions. Twelve years ago he liad been the colleague of the member for Collingwood, and any time between that and this that gentleman would have been delighted to make the pronunciameuto he did the previous night. It had been stated that he had left the Government of twelve years ago because of a controversy he had with the member for Collingwood. He denied in the most emphatic manner that so trivial a cause would have induced him to withdraw. The facts were these. He (Mr. Duffy) was Coramis- •'oner of Roads and Bridges, and the hon. member, who was Treasurer, put on the estimates a sum of £4-000 to be expended in his own constituency, on a street not far from his own residence. He (Mr. Duffy) struck that off because it was contrary to law, but the hon. gentleman, in his absence, got it on again, and he was put in the position of eitlier breaking up the Government, or allowing the vote to pass. It was well known that on the roads and bridges out of Melbourne there were tolls: but the member for Collingwood attempted to get the Johnston street bridge leading to Collingwood, and then just made, free of toll. He (Mr. Dully) insisted upon applying to the constituents of the hon. gentleman the same rule that applied to all others. These were the two grounds of complaint the hon. gentleman bad against him. The Chief Secretary went on to quote from a speech of Mr. Michie, in' which he charged the member for Collingwood with turning his attention to heaping up wealth, utterly regardless of the high duties he owed to the country. He (Mr. Earker) with Henry Miller, had advanced money, as Mr. Michie said, at 18 per cent, to the railway contractors engaged in the work of this' country, and if the contractors failed to carry out the works the members of the Government would not be in a position.to en% force against them the proper penalties for non-performance of their work—at all events, that there would be such a strong disposition not to enforce the penalties, that no men onght to put themselves in such a position as the members of the Government were. Mr. Michie then used very strong language. He said the. then Treasurer was a trading politician. He would have hesitated to have made the hon. member for Collingwood a magistrate had he known what he afterwards did. The hon. gentleman added, that he left it to hon. members to say whether, after the experience he had had of the hon. member for Collingwood, that gentleman, when he Tose the other night like the ghost of Hamlet's father, with all these recollections on his mind, was not glad of an opportunity of assailing him- (Mr. Duffy) in a reckless and unjustifiable manner. When that hon. gentleman resigned his place as chairman, of ihe'-Board of Education, he left the Government no option but to accept it, and he (Mr. Duffy) had 1x0 compunctitmin doing so. He who ruled over free men should himself be free; and it was not at all unreaBonable that a gentleman who had to direct the public' education of the community" should have Bpme tincture jOf education hirnself: (-tiu^h'ter.") 'If'he had thought the hon. member unfit for such a position before; circumstances' had 'since •occiirred which drove that 1 conviction ton- •clusivelyhometo hismind. Everyone must have read the report of the JirocepdijugB at the Blind Asyliim,' when the ' linn, member uttered feentiments which', if'Swift in his cynical 'way had.put them into ttiehnouth of a poJiiaciairih Gulliver's Travels, would have been 'tjibuelit -4<oo" extrav£g§inti. The hon, 1 gentlemin had >: , kctualiy said that there 1 shoi$d' J ,l>'e, ii© 'Romati ;6a$holic? allowed on the'ciJmmitfcefe.'bbcausfe they Would be likely to object to the dozen Roman Catholic children being taught from Protestant books. Duffy) no more knew that the change was going to happen in the office of Agent- General at that time than be knew of what is going to happen this time twelve months. (Cheers.) Mr. Duffy than referred to the large amount of work devolving on the Agent-General, and said that a large proportion of the business of the agency must be. conducted by a gentleman of recognised status and ability. It was asked why the appointment had" not been conferred upon » colonist, but the appointment was made by Mr. Cbilders for the term of his own appointment The hon. member. for Williamstown, fairly and frankly and broadly, stated what was only indicated and whispered elsewhere, that Mr. Hoey "was an Irish rebel, and ought not to have, been appointed.. Well, sir, .1 say these charges were made against Mr. Hoey in a gross, shameful, and disingenuous manner by' the newspaper that made them. I mean The Argus.. What did they do ? They quoted an extract' from the Nation, saying this is the way. Hoey wrote about the Queen'when he was editor of the newspaper, a sentence being quoted from the paper which.appeared in it several years before Mr. Hoey was conr nected with it. ISIr Hoey became connected' with it ill August, 1855, arid the :extract waB from,a paper of 1S52 or 1853; . Jt was said' by the non. member for Wlllianistown, had' he not excited and stimulated the rebellion in Ireland ? Sir, the Nation existed "before the atteriipted insurrection in, '48j. pnd for., what occurred'.before that' insurrection Mr. ( Hoey is no' /more ^sponsible than tlie hon. member for'.Wflliajnstown, because, he was a boy at school, ,or ;'a, graduate' at pollege. J may beheld responsible, and 'I' never, did shirk', that' responsibility. But as /respects, Mr. Hoey, I never set eyes on him before' 1852, when the Nation under altered circumstances had spp'ied itself to what it hoped was introduced to him by the hon. member for Mandurang, Mr. Casey. (Cheers.) A story had also been made that he had improperly removed a person named M'Caul from the public service for some cause connected with Ireland, but the fact was that he had never heard of such a man in Ireland. It^was pointed out to him that the office held by Mr. M'Caul was held illegally, and on the vacancy occurring he replaced him by a clerk who was superfluous in another department. He would next demonstrate that the resolution levelled at the Government on account of the appointment of Mr. Cashel Hot y was unfair, and unfounded. (Cheers.) It was said that he had originated the appointment in order to give a place to a friend. Now, the fact was that the determination to make the appointment existed in London before he had any intimation of the intended esignation of Mr. Verdonas Agent General. r. Childers was far away, or he might quota entences from his correspondence, but Sir George Verdon, a man of honour, was on this continent, and he would take the liberty of reading one or two passages from his correspondence. Now, his (Mr. Duffy's) letter to the Agent-General was dated the 29th December—the day the mail went—and that letter conveyed the appointment of Mr. Childers. He received a letter from Mr. Verdon, written in London, and dated January, 1S72, stating that {he appointment of secretary to the Agent-General had been determined on by the London board before he had heard anything about it. (Mr. Francis : No previous letters ?) He had no previous communication on the subect. It was stated in the letter from London that Mr. Childers had accepted the ppointment as Agent- General,, but that he must have a secretary, and that he ("Mr.. Verdon) had told him (Mr. Childers) his pinion of Mr. Hoey 'for the office, for which he was so eminently fitted, and Mr. Childers stated that if authorised to appoint any one he would appoint. Mr. oey. Mr, Verdon knew that he, (ME. uffy) had recommended Mr. Hoey as ne of the Board of Advice in London, and hat he bad an affection for him, but he (Mr. If such a thing had occurred it Italy orSpain, '. it would have been considered an instance of I the most shameless bigotry. He had been designated as the leader of the Free :trade pnrty. but he had never had any connection with H Free-trade party. He was by convicfinn a Free-trader, but many years since he hull suggested a method of fostering native industries without violating the broad principles of Free-trade. No Protectionist tariff had been introduced since his return from Europe, except Mr. Francis's. Ths people of the country, who were supreme, had now decided between the two principles, and it was the duty of their representatives to carry put their wishes. It was stated that in accepting banquets In the country districts, and stating their, policy there, the Ministry had violated their privileges and duty. Why, one would imagine one was living in the reign of George HI. instead of Queen Victoria. It should be remembered that once a year Imperial Ministers accepted the hospitality of the Lord Mayor of London, on which occasion .they were expected fo propound their policy. (Cheers.) He now came to the appointments which had been made by the Government. With regard to the appointment of Mr. Dennis as piermaster at Williamstown, until the Minister of Railways mentioned it, he (Mr. Duffy) had never heard of it, nor had he, as was stated, got any recommendation from the Archbishop of Sydney for any person whatever. As regarded Mr. Holmes' appointment -as police magistrate, he was represented as an Irish Roman Catholic, but that was not the case. When a vacancy offered, he did not, as he might have done, appoint a Roman Catholic to fill the place. So far from Mr. Holmes being a Roman Catholic, he (Mr. Duffy) had heard it stated that night that Mr. Holmes was an Orangeman. (Cheers.) He had known him for the last three -years, and he believed that he to accomplish then—the disestablishment of tJie Irish Church and the security of the tenant-right for the Irish tenants. One day in that year I had the good fortune to secure the co-operation of three young men. All of them were under twenty years of age, and Mr. Hoey was the youngest. The three were contributors to the Nation Mr. Hoey was one; Edward Butler, who was" swprn-in last week as Attorney-General tor the colony of New South Wales, was another; and the third was Mr. Doyle, who died in the employment of the identical journal that was assailing Mr. Hoey. The only thing which has been said truly against Mr. Hoey is the charge implied from a speech given by him in the historic townof New Ross. Many towns in Ireland were noted for one siege, but New Ross is famous for two—one by Cromwell and the other in '98. Mr. Hoey, who was now not more than 40 years of age, and who then was not more than 20, made a speech, and said, as I daresay he would now in addressing himself to an historic recollection in an historic town—he said in this famous town that he himself had, he thought, there two ancestors who distinguished themselves in the two sieges with which the town was connected. One in the Cromwellian siege, and the other was hanged in '98. I can tell hon. members that there are few families in Ireland of distinction who have not had a member sacrificed in some contest carried on in that island. We Irishmen are not ashamed of that. As well might Earl Russell be ashamed that his ancestor laid his head on the block in the reign of the Stuarts- Mr. Hoey afterwards became a barrister of the English bar. He had lived in London since, and had no connection with Irish politics. Let me say that I have no doubt had he lived in Ireland his sympathies would be naturally with those of the Irish people. I should be ashamed if they were not. Mr. Hoey, at all events, can be absolved from the charge of raising rebellion. Now I really wonder how many men in this House have any notion what the Nation was —what its position was. If I thought proper to put my hands upon books in that library, I could find one that came by the last mail indeed, a book by Mr, Leckjj^ who is no doubt one of the most distinguished writers in England, who has succeeded Buckle as the historian of nationalism, as one of the modern philosophers, that speaks of the Nation iu a way that I need not hesitate to say gave me a thrill of satisfaction. The Nation was a journal that existed for upwards of a quarter of a century, and never, except once, was prosecuted for a private libel, and that was for an article from my pen denouncing a quack advertisement. (Laughter.) The Nation is a journal which has assisted in forcing determinedly upon public attention the national rights of Ireland. That was its mission. It kindled in the young men of Ireland literary aspirations which filled the libraries of not merely Ireland but England with books, and some of the best men of England refer to them with pleasure and satisfaction. There is not a country in Europe—no, that is saying too much—there is scarcely a country in Europe that has not established, since the Nation, a newspaper called the Nation, in imitation of it. There are two journals of the name in France, one in Italy, one in Belgium, one in Germany, one in the United States. And, sir, though I have lived 50 years and upwards in the world, there are hanging over my chimneypiece at Hawthorn the portraits of two men, once young men, who were associated with me in the foundation of the Nation ; because, long as I have lived, I have never met on theface of this earth more gifted, more upright, or more distinguished men than Thomas Davis and John Dillon. (Cheers.) One the son of a Welsh military doctor, the other descended from the old Celtic race. Those two men, whom I knew and loved, were patriots, i£ ever there were patriots on the face of the earth. They stamped the impress of their character OD the Nation, and for man} a long day whoever had a hand in that paper felt it to be a sacred duty not to disgrace the character and career of those two brave and good men. (Cheers.) Now, since I have shown that a determination to appoint a secretary to the agent-general, and ro appoint Mr. Hoey, existed in London, if I wrote a private letter to Mr. Childers recommending him as eminently suitable, may I ask what was the objection to that course ? (Hear, hear.) M . Harker, the other night, couldn't express his indignation in reference to the appointment made by the Government. . When Mr. Dennis was referred to the hon. member sat like a stone, though he knew that he not only signed for Mr. Dennis, but recommended him. When the notice was given condemning the patronage exercised by the Government, he (Mr. Duffy) sent a telegram to Mr Verdon, at Sydney, to the following effect :—" Cashel Hoey's appointment to be resisted on Tuesday. Can you say anything respecting it?" To which Sir. Verdon replied that " Childers approved of it, and said he could not act without a secretary, but made the appointment of Mr. Hoey conditional for three years, and he is highly qualified for the appointment." (Loud cheers.) The fact was .thpt the appointment would have been made, anjd'was made, without his interference at all. Tlie hon. gentleman then passed on to the Gipps Lnnd affair. At the Close of the last session Mr. F. L.'Spyth expressed,his desire to {retire from Parilnmeb.t, and get promotion in his profession, ! and being fairly , entitled to ' promotion, he (Mr. Duffy) said thaVif Mr. ^Smyth'thought proper to retire from Parliamefltforsix mpnths.^o'meet the requirements; of the Offici&Js; in Parliament |A<Jt; arid take Jtlie Tiat, the Gbvefnmeiit 'would appoint Him l to iany suitable Vacancy which might occur. Some months after this Judge Macoboy died, ani he (Mr. Duffy) then told Mr. Smytli THURSDAY, MAY 23. THE VOTE OF WANT OF CONFIDENCE. On the resumption of the debate, Mr. LANGTON rose to reply to the remarks of Mr. Duffy. He said that he failed to see what relevancy the speech made by the hon. the Chief Secretary had to the amendment now before the chair. (Hear.) The arguments used by the hon. gentleman led to one conclusion, and that was that instead of one charge of disingenuousness being brought against him, there must be a general charge of that character. When the hon. gentleman spoke on the previous evening he had said that he did not know whether there were any more charges to which he had to reply, and of which he had not been made aware. The hon. the Chief Secretary had frequently alleged that he had been issailed when his mouth was closed. This was not the /act. He denied that he had made any assaults on his antagonists, and said that he had always acted on the self-defence system. To prove this, he had alleged that the hon. member for Dundas had attacked him in the press, . and also that he (Mr. Langton) had written about him in another paper. It seemed to^ him that in making these charges the hon. gentleman either knew that they were not true, or did not take any pains to to ascertain whether they were true or not, (Hear.) He had every , means to ascertain the correctness of his. statements, but he did not take them. (Hear, hear.) The hon. gentleman had also referred to a manuscript contribution he had been shown some time ago by him (Mr., Langton), and while he did not deny that .he had shown such a contribution, lie thought the hon. gentleman should have more esprit de corps than to have mentioned the fact; '(Hear.) More particularly when the matter had no relevance to the question before the House : . ' The remarks from the hon. member had, to say the least, exceeded the bijunds of parliamentary propriety. He, for his part, could not perceive where the point of the 1 Chief Secretary's argumentlay, and when 'it' came to -a' matter of disclosing the • Contents'-'of* private 'letters, he TMuld"' only' sky 1 "that he' was 'reminded forcibly of thedescription given T by a celebrated Irialr statesman of the jafeseritj'Cbwf Secrfetary. : '' ; -Hodescribed him m. manner :—" I regret to say that the hon. member (meaning Mr. Duffy) never had & there wonld be * Crown vacant, but after considering IPover" 8 .? elected to remain in Parliament. Som»« after, Mr. Smyth visited him at Sorrento^ said that he would accept the office which u been previously offered. On the same Mr. John Daffy, his eldest son. He asked Mr. Smyth if his son, Mr 71 Duffy, would be likely to be returned ^ Gipps Land, when that hon. gentleman replied that he did not think so, because the* were all Methodists down there. (Lauehter i His eon and Mr. Smyth left Sorrento an'j happened to be at Queenscliff all the nert day, and it was there tlie first communication* began by telegram between hit son and somt of the electors to ascertain the fetling HR (Mr. Duffy) subsequently came to town and after considerable misrepresentation in ference to'.the matter, rather than that his son should enter public life under any imputa. tions such as were made use of, he (Mr Duffy) induced him to forego his intention of offering himself. His son wag twenty-seven years of age, and. why should he not enter public life ? His University career spoke hit fitness for public life, and it was strange that with so many Ministers, not one of them had* a son in public life, and he (Mr. Dufiy) desired that his son should enter upon it (Cheers.) Mr. Duffy then referred to Mr. Dunne's appointment, and to some legal appointment made by the hon. member for St, Kilda, and concluded by again referring briefly to Mr. Holmes, in respect to whom he asked Mr. Casey if it were not true that when he was Minister of Justice he was to have appointed Mr. Dunne to a judgeship, and the same Mr. Holmes to his vacancy ? Mr. Casey said there was no foundation for such a statement; but with regard to Mr. Dunne he could say that there was no barrister in the colony whom he would be more pleased to appoint. Mr. Duffy concluded by saying that the piermaster was appointed on the recommendation of members of that House, and by the very member who had moved the resolution, condemnatory of having made it. He (Mr. Duffy) believed, on his honour, that no Government ever administered their patronage more honourably or more consistently than the present Ministry. The people have accepted our measures, and in the name of the people, and on behalf of the people, it is our determination to urge them on, and to maintain and defend them by all legitimate means. It is recorded of Oliver Cromwell that when he saw for the first time the golden bay of Munster, he said to his soldiers, "Oh, my friends, this is a country worth fighting for." Modifying the language to suit our peaceful times, I say to the people of this country, " You have got possession of political power, you have got control of the country almost for the first time—(cheers and disapprobation)—take care that it is not snatched away from you, for oh, my friends, this is a country worth fighting for." (Cheers.) I do not think, and I have never thought, that this Government undertook an easy task. I have not read history, I have not read human nature, to so little purpose. As far as I know there has bepn little in the world worth doing or remembering that did not make its way into success through a forest of impediments beset with doubt and difficulty. Those who see the end from afar off, those who press on steadily towards it, and neither turn to the right nor to the left, reach the goal at last, and so with God's help we wilL (Cheers.) feW he did not ruin, and he never belonged he did not betray. Mr DOFFV: Who said that? Mr LANGTON : That distinguished ^.frvman of the hon. gentleman's was no Xt^ndeed, than Baniel O'Connell. ^FO DUFFY : He never said it. If he did, where did he say it? Mr LANGTON : I am not quite aware where he said it exactly, but I have it on good authority that he did say it. Itwas said cither at Cork or Dublin, and will be found recorded in the Irish newspapers of the day. Coming to the matters fleait with in the amendment, he said he eould not see how «ny candid, reasonable, impartial person could avoid coming to the conclusion that the situation in the Agent-General's office had been made expressly for Mr. Cashel Hoey. The resignation of Sir George Verdon was known here on the 27th or 28th November. A mail left seven days afterwards, on, 4th December, and one on 2flth December, so that according to the Chief Secretary's statement two mails must have been allowed to elapse before he intimated his wishes at head-quarters. This it was impossible to believe, and the facts were totally against it. He (Mr. Langton) repelled the imputation of having hounded down those of the same creed and persuasion as the Chief Secretary. He had always insisted that people of all creeds and nations should have the same privileges as himself. The only two appointments he bad anything to do with had been given to Roman Catholics. He had appointed a young man to a fifth-class clerkship who was a Soman Catholic, and had been instrumentel in getting Mr. Sladen to give an appointment to another young man, also a Roman Catholic. If he were a Minister, and it were objected to a competent man that he was a Roman Catholic, he would appoint him for the express purpose of showing that he did not care for that. If they gave way on that point in a free country like this, civil and. religious liberty was at an end. The hon. gentleman referred at some length to the appointment of Mr. Duffy's son, Mr. Richardson's son, and Mr. Dunne. With regard to the Californian mail contract, he pointed out that they were to be called upon to pay for an uncertain and comparatively useless service twice as much as was paid to tbe Suez line—which was subsidised to the extent of £15,275. New branches ,of trade might be opened, but he would leave it to any sensible man to say whether they should pay double subsidy for that. These were some of the grounds on which he had no confidence in the present Government; but the Chief Secretary must admit that upon a principle laid down by himself in speaking of the Dacpherson Government, he was not entitled to the confidence of the House. The hon. gentleman said that that Government could not be charged "with intellectual weakness; but there are two parties in it who can never agree upon any question." Now there were twopartiesinthepresentGovernmentwhodid not agree, and were not likely to agree. In conclusion, he said, they had no confidence in the motives and purposes exhibited in the. appointments of the Government, none in their transaction of the business of the country, and weretherefore bound to carry tile amendment. It was greatly to be regretted that an hon. gentleman of the capacity, attainments, and position of the Chief Secretary should be liable to be branded by the members of that Assembly as guilty of disingenuous conduct; but when lie departed from the simple line of principle and duty to ally himself with men whose principles he did not approve, and in whom personally he had no confidence, merely for the sake of getting office, he must have calculated upon some such disaster, and must now say, in the words of Childe Harold— The 'horns which I have reap'ti are of the tree I pi nted—tliey have 'ora me, and I bleed; X should hive known what fruit would] spring Irom such a seed. Mr. VALE rose with a desire that the debate should be carried fairly to its issue. He freely conceded to the Opposition the position of criticism which they had assumed, and the right of choosing their own ground of attack. But if they looked into the matter on its merits, they were led to the conclusion that so far from being an impartial jury trying an Administration, they would find that they were before a tribunal a large portion of which had banded together to put them out of office ; and, moreover, that the amendment was framed for the purpose of putting theim out of office before their statements in reply could be heard. He admitted that the Opposition, if they had a policy consonant with the wishes of the people—more, he would admit- that if the charges were capable of any fair proof, they were right in putting them out. As an Administration they were answerable, one and all, for the acts of any one of their number ; but he said that they had doue nothing contrary to the ordinary custom of Administrations. Undoubtedly, in the exercise of patronage which had fallen to their lot they. had given 'the preference, all other things being equal, to tneir friends and supporters; and this he regarded as the basis of Government by party. But if any Minister had in any one instance given an appointment corruptly, to the detriment of the State, they were entitled to all the obloquy which the amendment proposed to cast upon them. With reference to the hen. member's statement as to O'Connell's remark regarding the Chief Secretary, he did not believe that the hon. member had the slightest foundation for or record of it, but had taken the idle rnmour of some hon. member, who had picked it up in the wild diggings times of California. If the hon. member for West Melbourne would produce his prepared lectures on the Catholic toon they would see how far this hon. ques- member, who was so blatant abont his consistency, was consistent; and he quoted from Hansard to show that the hon. member had charged the hon. member for Richmond and the late Chief Secretary with sacrificing public interests to private ones, and had used their positions in the Government for the pur- B£® of benefiting their private businesses. When e hon. members made charges against him with reference to his present position, he was entitled to show the position of hon. members on the other side as regarded each other. Those who live in glasB houses should not throw stones. The Opposition did live in glass houses, and he told them if they did cross the House they would find that they lived in a glass house that would be smashed about their heads in no time. He condemned Mr. Fellows' attack on Mr. Dunne and Mr. Holmes as unprofessional,' on the first principles of the profession to which they all three belonged. He contended that the proposed appointment of Mr. F. L. Smyth was perfectly proper, and instanced the case of Dr. Owens and Judge Bindon as examples of his position. He then defended the appointments of Mr. Cashel Hooy and Mr. Dennis, denying that Mr. Jenner had any hand in the latter appointment. After some interruptions by several hon. members, the hon. gentleman proceeded to refer to the appointment of Mr. Duffy to the Crown Law Office. Such appointments were for men who had distinguished themselves at the University. Mr. Duffy's son had passed the civil service examination, a special law examination, he had matriculated and graduated, and would in all probability be a member of the bar in twelve months; and was an appointment of £200 a year given to a man like that to be called a job, even if it were his first ? Why, the son of a Chief Secretary was entitled to an appointment, if he proved himself competent,- without any special qualification, and the country would support him in getting it. But if any other than the son of the Chief Secretary had got such an appointment, there would never have been a word about it. The hon. gentleman further referred to the appointment of Mr. Richardson, and spoke highly of that gentleman's abilities; and in conclusion said he had vindicated his own administration, and accepted the full responsibility of that of his colleagues. Mr. BABKEB. said he intended to show that many of the statements made by the Chief Secretary were totally- without foundation, and thit were it possible he would bring a blush to his face, but he could not expect to do that, for since the hon. gentleman had got into dinger many years ago, he had lost his colour^ which had never returned to his cheeki. (Laughter.) The hon. gentleman had charged him with being actuated by feeling9 of personal malignity. That charge was totally without foundation, as two circumstances would show. When the Chief Secretary was elected he had sent a message to him (Mr. Harker) stating that he would be obliged if he would introduce him to the Housi; and did he ask the House to believe that he would have sent such a message within the last twelve months, if what he said the previous night was correct? The thing would not hold water. Then, before the rieeting of Parliament last session there were two candidates for the Speaker's chair, for che of whom a disgraceful system of canvasajig was carried on. The present Chief Secretary sent Mr. O'Brien to him {Mr. Hariier) to ask his vote. He would not pledge himself to vote for Mr. Duffy; but he did say that lie would not vote against him.] Now, he did not think that that shotted any malignant bitterness against the Chia Secretary. In fact, he had always ratbtr sympathised with him, because being himilf of a Nonconformist family, he could feel or the position of the Roman Catholics in I eland. And had he proved himself a trus worthy politician he should have been as gad to support him as any ef the gentlemerlon the Treasury benches. Coming to the Seasons given by the Chief Secretary for his paving the O'Shanassy Ministry, they we« contrary to the fact. The previous eveiing the hon. gentleman (Mr. Duffy) had spoken of it as being perhaps a misfortunethat he had ever been connected with the (Ministry, but he might remind the hon.' gentleman that it was through his con&ction; with the O'Shanassy Ministry that) he was able to secure a pension of £1000 a year—for doing what ? (An honjmember Nothing.) Certainly not for his jervices to the country. And this, then, wasjthe man that attacked him (Mr. Harker) as hang actuated by a base spirit in opposing thelxoverament last week. Coming next to Mr.puffy's reference to his remarks at the Blim. Asylum, Mr. Harker said if he had deserid credit for anything, he deserved credit for Ihe way in which he had managed that instaution. (Hear, hear.) It was established exfjessly for Protestants, and it was annoihced that the money raised would be conined exclusively to the Protestant section of tie community. And in doing that what hacj been done more than had been in the casiof the Roman Catholic Orphanage or the Abjotsford Reformatory ? The Chief Secretarjhad better take care what he was doing, •lstthe question might come np whether it warthe duty of Parliament to vote money for buildings which were vested in a body thai was simply an ecolesiastical corporation. ftr. WBXXON said he wished to address thaSouse at no great length with regard to thejimendment of the hon. member for East Borke. He said at no great length, for altpngh they, at that side of the House, wek williug and anxious to bring the debate to i conclusion, they felt that the Ministry anqtlieir supporters had a right to address the^HouBe at whatever length they deemed desirable for the proper promulgation of their views. And ne should endeavour r t« to condense his views, or rather his conclusions or reasons, which influenced him in coming to the decision he had, as much as possible. In the amendment there were two different branches. One was a vote of censure for the appointments, and tbe other was a general expression that the Ministry had lost the confidence of the House. It was to the second that he desired to address himself, because it was on that that he intended to give his vote. He did not intend to single out any of the Ministers; they must stand or fall together. All were responsible for the faults of one, and they were therefore called on to vote upon the general question of whether they had confidence in the Government. His answer was that he had not confidence in them. The people were assured that at last they had a people's Ministry—a Ministry for the . people, as against the wealthy and organised classes—a Ministry that was for the country as against Melbourne. The policy of the Government was a sham policy—a policy of humbug. On the motion of Mr. Joseph Jones, the debate was adjourned till Tuesday. 