MAFnFll MATTERS. TO TtaE tutITOR 09 TIHE GIPPSLAND TIMRB. S?a.-M-y allusion to " No Matter Who" has touched somebody "on the raw," and under a now name Ihe farours me with a feeble reply. I thought my remarks were so plain that they dould not boe misunderstood. On a previous occa sion scurrility and abuse were adopted to answer my statements and refute my arguments; nonw my words are misquoted. "0. N. I's" letter is hardly worth notice, but lest he should flatter himself that be has " scared" mnel shall answer him. In "O. N. I's" impatience to have a thrust at me, he has got hold of the wrong end of the stick. Pray, when or where did I say t'at I wished to purge Miaffra of the presence of either \Vest or those "other designing and evil-minded prsons P" (Theso are his own terms, happily chosen for those ho defends.) Read again uMr "0. N. I.," and, if the inettal errrtion be not too grant, ander stnnd what you resd. I thlnk it will be found that in your own (first) letter ex pression was given to this ilen : I only referred to it. For my part, I could live very contentedly with n factory manager, given to sport with peoples' reputations, on one side of me, and a phartsaical ex secretary on the other; oineo. under such circumstrn,-s, I should be on my guard, and ealericnco shows that any time spent in watching them would taut boe lost, Bt I have out. to raged thl fino (fellow?) feelings of in ". N. I." by leaving West to his repose on a bed of torture. Is this aspiring ned critic, then, such a numskull as that ho nd cannot distinguish between the tortures eon of the body and those of the mind P And lot is he so very simple as not to know that as "no outward tyranny can reach the ie und P It might be 'better for certain out persons if conscience were a little more tyrannical and less easily appeased than clh some find her. ed But apart from "O. N. I's," brilliant ses criticim, may I not with equal justice n- say West, M'Cubbin, the " oiler design. nr ing and evil-minded persons," the whole ct church in general, and one in particular, "de "re much obliged to him for his dis of interested spirit in coming forward so o- nobly and generously on their behalf?" Ig But is it so very disinterested Is it not only another oblique apology Is. for the late shire secretary and that er church which still retains him as a prominent member and officer? We in often hear it said that a mant is Iis id own enemy, and we need not go further . for an exemplificntiun of this truth than d. the cases of M'Cubbin and West them to selves. But that a man should be the lo bitterest enemy of his friends implies a ie contradiction, and almost leads to a con. r fusion of ideas. Now, if N. M. ., hal aias " 0. N. I.," be not the discarded d official himself, then he is that fatal friend a of his, It matters' not whether'M'Cubbin h speaks it propria persona, or through some friend, between whom and himself S'there exists some bond of union. It is all o one; that " wounded spirit," which is indeed hard to bear, betrays the real 1 t author as readily as thoiugh his signature were appended to his letter. He now comes forward, in the guise of a volun teer, on West's behalf; and evinces no , trifling amount of bitterness. No doubt p it was most unpleasant that the "merry P game" of the one, and the more "profit able" game of the other, should be inter rupted by the " Ghost" and the auditors i1 respectively ; (land it was very unpleasant c and disappointing, in tile one case to a hare to "restore.") And, no doubt too, fe both these persons would have been much ci better pleased had not public attention P' been drawn more pointedly to them Yet, in M' ubbin's case, I used the l mst t moderate language in doscribing those " nations For which he is now siufering re- t tributie justice; also, in exposing that w n'testimonial" sham. I did not say Mr. oh M'lubbin was a hypocrite,or a romancer, th or a rogue ; but with the greatest politp- or ness imaginable Ipublished facts which ta thad boo wrongly suppressed, and left it I to the public to call him by what name cr they pleased. And, even at the risk of as incurring tlhe high displeasure of"O.N.I," 2 I shall continue to express my views on 6 what are public matters, or oven if need a" be expos a "wolf in sheep's clothine," t knowing. fall well that "a diserning t public will class my merits (or demerits) o in the list they deserve--just as they a" have done with hirs, long since. t to "O.N.I." wishes to know if I over g" made or unmade an older? .Thank good. f ness, no, and, now, I would not touch one h unless with a pitclifork, and rat once th confess I am utterly ignorant of the to' inanufaoture. I used to look on'all such PO with feelings kin to awe and reverence, but my eyes have been opened, and'if M'Ouhbin isto hbe ae pted as a fair sam. pie of tle article, then lesaloew all elders, and shall in future jive themo a wide ":' bcrth.'-"I 'diilt, too, that hid I reflected of for one moment I might have known that en, no two" such " hrilit, particular stars" ,n, : a M'Oilbbin and West could shine in the . same firmament. A word on another r, matter. It liha puzzled many people to nal account tor the fact that a certain minis ter did not, or could not, sae anything in n the newspapers having reference to the in case of a bell-wether in his flock, al. 1,1, though the same was freely commented thi upon from time to time, and was at the Tt time, a ipublic. scnndal in everylody's it month. Yet, as we have seen. the instant anytlhinr appeared in print which struck net at himself, he could see that without nw a 'las.s, and takoeimmediate action too. n,, People ask, did le discontinue tile papers ar, for the time being, that lie minilt have wih the paltry icunse for his professed ignor. h, nries of what he had a right to acquaint l,, himself with (and did too. from other ,W, snurces)? or did he, as others uIgeost. lies not read the 'papers, but only tisten to them being 'read P I should be very s sorry to think that any clergyman me would eqniioate. or resort to subter- ton fuge;'iyet,' as theicase lhas been put to ma me,. it looks uncly., .Many think tlat ,,lt a more impartial nAcount would hare been ian obtained from the papers, than by a lthp house to house aoasip. I which latter in as i laymen is called scendal-moneering, hut no in this clergyman's case "shepherding his to i fock." * „ yours. &e..; nne ANTI-TTUH MBUG. con Upper MaTra, Feh. 8th. 1872. ita" 