'LUE ANNUAL UNITED PRAYER MEETINGS. A xtLETiNG was held on Monday morning, at the Itmtereinco Hall, to arrange for the United Prayer Meetings usually held at the eoinuiencenitnt of each year. There were present ministers representing the various Evangelical Churches in the city and suburbs. The li W. J. Graham was called to the chair, and after prayer, offered by the Rev. J. Cosh, the Rev. A. Webb read the invitation received from the Evangelical Alliance to united prayer throughout the world, together with the list of triples. The Rev. Dr. Steel said that the first question was shall the meetings be continued, the response given to the invitation being last year so partially responded tor It VUE ultimately agreed to hold the week of prayer In conjunction with the Kv Evangelical Churches throughout the world, and that it be brought to a terminus in with a united Communion service, to be held in Pitt-street Congregational Church. The meetings were arranged to be held in the York street Wesleyan Church, St Barnabas' Schoolroom, the Bathurst-street Baptist Chapel, and the St Stephen's Presbyterian Church, and the Revs. Canon Smith, G. Martin, Dr. Big, and F. Hibberd. were nominated to deliver the respective addresses, and the Rev. J Graham to preach the sermon at the Communion Service It was reserved that the suburban churches should be invited to make arrangements amongst themselves for Uko meetings The following is the invitation for week of united prayer throughout the world, in , January 5-12, 1873 - Beloved Christian Brethren of all nations, rise time has arrived for sending you our usual fraternal invita- tion to offer e the annual v. elk 01 pray or at the commencement of the new year For the last twenty-six j cars God has put this honour upon this] topic ItfcEOciutcri in the Evangelical Alliance, viz to bring tovell ft in prayer and supplication" all, in every land, who call up en " the mi lue Lord, both theirs and one the will be in the rude cabin nee of many of you that at the formation of the Alliance In IMG, among the resolutions meaning in My passed by the great assembly of Christiana of many different names s which met in London, was the fellow took - " I had in the recommended that the work beginning with the first Lord's Day of January in each year be observed by the members and friends of the Alliance throughout the world, as a reason for concert in prayer on behalf of the grand objects contemplated by- the Alliance " That recommendation went forth throughout the world, and vice lit Mist to a mere limited extent, but afterwards very generally adopted In consequence, each succeeding year has been ushered in with the simultaneous offering of united prayer in almost every land, by Christians of all nations, agreed touching the things they ask of God " known to you also, beloved brethren, is the still increasing observance of this annual week of united prayer How hallowed and refreshing have been the meetings of Christians of every name united in Christ, aid united in the true Church of the living God How remarkable, also, have been the events of Divine Provi reference, confirming our belief in the promise that the united prayers of God's people shall never be presented in vain In proof of this, and as calling for devout and grateful acknowledge ment, we would venture to remind you of the outpouring of the Holy Spirit upon the Churches, more especially manifested in the in visions awakening and revival which have visited different lands, the opening of elwin " wide and effectual " for preaching the everlasting Gospel In Italy, Spain, France, Sweden, Austria, and elsewhere, the overthrow of slavery in America, Holland, and Hurt in, the weakening of Papal supremacy, and of the power of Antichrist among unit can nations, and the progress of religious liberty the about the world Although we do not appre) into these strikes g passages in Divine Providence as the immediate or the special consequence of our supplications, no devout mind will and to see in them great encouragement to renewed prayer " Great and marvellous are thy works, Lord God Ala lightly This is the great, and the power, and the victory, and the majesty , now, therefore, our God, we thank tU c, Mid praise 11 y glorious name " 1 bus encouraged to continue the good work which the Church of Christ has put its hand unto, we invite you In much atTention and earnestness to "came to divine the Throne of Grace, on succeeding days of the last week in January next, to come in fol- ion ship with all who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity, "re men li ting that His presence is promised wherever two or more mumble in Ills li mc and that passing events, and the spiritual wants, of all our Churches and of all nations, call upon us at till lion to write us as host to cry mightily unto the Lord, ever mindful 1 Ills in round that supplications, prayers, and later came up and girls got thanks be made for all men, for kings, and for all that are In authority for this is good and an eel table in the right of God our Parlour, who will have all men to be saved, and lo non e unto the knowledge of the truth " The following topics are suggested as suitable for exhortation and player on the successive days of meeting . Sunday, January 5 sermons Subject The foundation, (fount}, or (1 universal, eater Mon of the christian Church Monthly, J»1111115 6- Devout acknowledgment remembrance of God's mercies to the nation to families, and to the Churches, providential and spiritual blessings to ourselves, confession of sin tuesday, Jnmtorv 7-Pmvcr For Christian Churches, their increase in love, activity fIdelity to the truth, and the clearer manifestation of the many in the bill, for ministers, missionaries, in 1) ranged sis VVidtinlnv Jiinnniy Prayer for families for sons and daughters of 11 resting ] rents , for a blessing on home influence, and on the mines and old again at the Church of God, for whom he, collars, and universities, for children at sea or In you go Time's, for young, men in business and professions, for an inn is. one to fall in sickness and tribute union Ihiiiftliv, Jriunry 0 I rates For nations, for kings and all In all rity for the maintenance of peace for increase of nhill 11 to K for the spread of religious liberty for the growth of s m e km white, fur entertains a, concert, and goodwill in 11 g 111 on sis, far the returns mt of God's hand in national ji il(,n mis , end for the removal of intemperance. Immorality, at it the pins which are a reproach to any of opie" to day January 16 - Prayer, for Mankind For the circulation of He Holy four planes and the spread of pure literature, for the overthrow of all forms of tyranny and oppression for the re- mt v al of every form 01 Antichrist, for all prisoners and captives, and for the men to of that Kingdom which is "righteousness, peace. and joy in the Holy Ghost " buturday, Jar unry 11 Prayer For Sunday schools, for missionary, tract, and other religious societies, for the raising up and sending forth of move labourers into His harvest, and for the ran out of hindrances to the spread of the Gospel and the conviction of the world burst y, January 15 Sermons "let the whole earth be filled with Ills (, cry Amen, and Amen." 