TALES. TO. THE BITTER END." BT TOE auto ou ou " i.ady audley's secret," &0. Chatter xxx VII.— " Thf.k Fell upon the House a Sudden Gloom " Lady Clcvcdon's invitations had been sont far and wide, to neighboia who wore not tenants ns woll as to neighbors who wore, and amongst other outsiders Riohard Rcdroayne reoclved one of the gilt- edgfia "jumlnateu cards, prepared by a Lon don lithographer from a design of Goorgio's own. Colonot DavCBRut had buffeted that even the invitation cards should bo what ho called "a feature." Rick Redmayno, who had seemed to him self for a long time to exist outside tho com mon joj'S .-.HU sorrows of mankind, put the gay-looking ticket Into his breast-pocket with a brief laugh of score. " As if suoh a thing was iu my lino," he said to himself ; " bnt it was kind of Lady Clovedon to read it — and of course ehe didn't know. If Grace had been alivo now — " Ho could imagino himself going to tho rustic festival with his daughter on his arm ; could see her fnco as it would havo looked amidst the summer holiday-making ; could see the soft blue eyes brighten as they would havo brightened at sight of the invi tation card ; could fanoy how her childluh soul would have boon fascinated by tho gold and color, and how sho would have treasured tie oard in her work-box as a rolio whon tho fote ml done. With hor ho oould havo drank ilie cup of simple pleasure to the dregs ; without hor jvhat could snoh a holi day seem to him but woarinoss and vexa tion? Ho put the invitation in his pocket, and would havo thought no more of tho matter had he Dcon permitted to think his own thoughts. This liberty, however, was not allowed him ; it was impossible to exist during the weak before Sir Francis Clove, don's birthday and not hoar of the Clovedon fete. Even ho, who so rarely passed the boundaries of hiB own narrowed homo, oould not esoapo the popular agitation. Clove don feto was sho Bauoo whioh Mrs. BuBh served with ovcry meal she set before him. t was in vr.iu that he professed his indiffer ence. A mind overcharged as hors was would find somo vont, and as her "good- man " was for the most part an absontee, Mr. Rodmayno had the benefit of hor Intelligence. Sho oould not sot hor foot beyond the gardon, or take in a joint from tho butoher, without hoaring some thing about the Clovedon festivities. In the morning 3ho hoard for the first time of the fireworks, and of the men who had come down from London to fix them ; in the after noon a neighbor brought hor tidings of the lamps, from information received from that important functionary the village . postman, who spoke with tho voice of authority ; lamps whioh wore to bo of divers odors, like the " inumilathrao" Mrs. Bush had scon in London at her Mojcsty's soronation, when she was in service as nurse, maid at Peckham Rye — lamps whioh, ao- cording to a privileged communication from the abovenamad postman, were to number upwards of a " mllllond." Riohard Iledmayne heard so much about the fostival, that at last, like the littie old woman la Southey's story of the Three Bears, hu said r. bad word abont it. "You shouldn't loso your temper over it, Mr. Rsdmayne," Mrs. Bush exolaimed, with friendly reproof. " What you ought to do 1b to go to Clovedon and enjoy youraolf, like other people, for once in a way. I'm sure you've moped long enough here ; and if it was ten thouuand daughters you'd lost— not as I'm saying a word again Miss Gracoy, whioh sho was as sweat a yonng woman as over stepped — yon couldn't have took tho loss more to heart than you have took . it. But there's a time for all things, whioh I believe it waa king Solomon hisself mado tho remark ; leastways, I know I've hoard it iu Kingsbury Churoh, before Bash over- porsuaded mo into joining the Primitive Methodists ; r.nd if it wasn't Solomon it must havo been David, or Nebuohadnczzar. There's a tlmo for all things, Mr. Red. mayno ; and it isn't tho tlmo to mopo when everybody within twenty miles is going to be happy ; and ovon me and Bush asked, through Bush's brother being a tenant on the Clovedon estate. Mr. Wort brought mo tho card yesterday ; not all gold and colors like yours, but a neat laylook, gilt- edged." Mr. Rodmayno bore this remonstrance with tolerable patlonoo, but had not the re motest Idea of being influenced by it. Yot, when the much-expeoted morning dawned, serene and cloudless — for weather is some times propitious oven in England ; when the day grew older, and Kingsbury joy-bells rang gaily over woods and meadows, hop- fields where the tender vines were olimblng, oorufields where the golden wheat had ripened for tha sickle, and where "thofree and happy barley was smiling on the soy the" fljr. Redmiyne eonld not holp feeling that this day was not quite as other days, and that it was a dismal thing to Btand alone and wilfully aloof from all his fellow men on suoh a day as this. If the day had been wet, if a ohill gray sky had lowered on Sir Francis Clovedon and nil hie preparations for a festival, if a drizzling iuoeMaat rain had foreboded the ex- tinclionof lampsandfiroworks, Mr. Redmayne might have smoked his pipe by his deso late hearth in the old farmhouse kitohen, and laughed scornfully at the folly of his race, conjuring up a vision of sodden gar ments and disappointed faces, rain oozing slowly from the canvas roofs, the gay flag- bedeoked tents transformed into gigantic shower- baths. Bat a misanthrope mast have been of a very sonr temper who oould escape some touoh of regret for his own lonely condition, somo faint yearning for sympathy with his Bpeoies, some feeble ghost-like renewal of old feelings, in snoh a golden noontide, and amidst so fair a landscopo as that whioh lay around the home of Riohard Redmayne. Several tiroes had Mrs. Bush repeated her romonstranoea, with every ' variety of metis eloquence and much ampli tude of speeoh, but to no effect. Mr. Red mayne declared most decisively that - he would have no share In the day's rejoioings. " A pretty figure I should cat amongst a pack of fools danoing and oaporing," he oritd contemptuously. "I Bhonld seem like a ghost oome frsm the grave." "Perhaps yon might, if yon went in that shabby old ehootlng jooket as you wear Sundays and work-a-days, which is a ' disgrace to a gentlemen as well to do as yen are," replied the plain- spoken Mrs. Bnsh, who seemed to think that tho inhabitants of tho spirit world might suffer from a want of good olothiqg ; "but not if you dressed yourself In somo of the things you've got hoarded up in those two sea chestB of yonrs, o' purpose for tha moths, one 'ad think; to seo the way you let 'em Uo. there. Now, do smarten yourself up a bit, and trim your whiskers, and all that, Mr, Redmayne, and don't be the only person within twenty miles of Clovedon to hang book from going. The sxdualvs right at republication of tills tale liUhe Australian Colonies has boon purohased by the fftprlotore of Tan AOS. It lookn so pintod. It looks almost zs if you'd committed a murder, or something dreadful, and was afoard to faco tho light ol day." This last argument touobod him a Iittlo, indifferent as he profo«?ed M So aoiut iflo world's ostoom. It was not of himsolf ho thought ovon In this, bnt of that dead girl who had mado up his world. Was he quite true to her momory in holding himsolf thus utterly alosf from his kind ? Might ho not by that very act have given oocaslon for elandors, which might never have arisen bnt for that, or whioh, at any rate, might havo been crushed by his putting a bold front on matter?, and finding some answer for ovary question that cou'd bo askod about his lost girl ? " Goad God !" he said to himself, strangely affeoio'l by this random shot of Mrs. Bush's, " I may havo made peoplo think that things were worso than they really wore, by my condnct." He brooded on this idea a good deal ; but it was soaroely this which influenced him on Sir Francis Clevedon's birthday, when, abont an honr and a half after the Bushes had departed, radiant in their Sunday clothes, and with fao?B varnished by the application of strong yellow soap, he sud denly mado np his mind to follow them and share the pleasures of tho day. Thoy oould be no pleasures to him. Thnt was out of tho qnestion. But he would go among the noise and riot, and oating and drinking, and hold his own with the merriest, and let tho world see that he was Riok Red mayne still, as good a man as ho had been six years ago, before ho sailed across the world to rodoom his fortunes. Strange how lonely tho houso seemed to him that snmmer day, whon Mrs. Bnsh and her goodman had Bhut tho door behind them, after much scud ding to and fro and np and down at the last momont, in quest of forgotten trifles. It was not that he had ever affected Mrs. Bush's oompany, or that ho had ever found hor anything hut an unmitigated bore. Yet no sooner was she departed than he sorely missed the olatter of her pattens, the oloop of her palls, tho noise of her Industrious broom sweeping assiduously la passages whero there had been no footstops to oarry dirt. Dreary and empty beyond all measure soeinod the old homestead, which had onoo been so blithe. He went in and oat of the rooms without purpose, into that tabernacle of respeotability tho best parlor, whero not so much as the position of a ohair had beon altered slnoe bis wedding day ; where the ohintz oovers, whioh had been faded when he peered into the mystic ohambor wonderingly a baby in his mother's armB, were only a little palor and more feeble of tint to-day. Nothing could wear out in a room so seldom tenanted ; it could only moulder imper ceptibly with, a gradual dooay, like fur niture in the sealed houses of Borne lava- buried city. To-day that palo presence of the dead, whereby those rooms were always more or lesB haunted, smote him with a keener angnish than he oould bear. The empty house was insupportable with that ghostly oompany. "And yet, if she oonld take a palpable form and como book and Bmile npon me, God knows that I would welcome her fondly, even though I knew oho wore doad. Why cannot onr dead oome back to ns sometimes, If only for one sweet Bolemn honr 1 Is God so hard that Ho will not lend thorn to ns ? O, Graoey, to have yon with me for ever so brief a span, to hear from your own lips that Heaven is fair and you ere happy among the angels, to toll yon how I have missed yon 1 But there only comes the dull shadow, the dreary thought; no dear face, no gentle loving oyoa." Many and many a time he had Bat in the sunshine, in the moonlight, lost in a waking dream, and wondering if Heaven wonld ovor vouchsafe him a vision, suoh as men saw of old, when angelio creatnres and the spirits of the dead seemed nearer this earth than they are to-day. Many a time he had wished that the impalpable air would thicken and shape itself into the form he loved ; bnt the vision never came. The rooms were haunted, but it wa3 with bitter thoughts of the past; his sleep was broken, but only with confused patohes of dreaming, in whioh tho image of tho beloved dead was entangled in some web of foolishness and bewilderment. Never had she appeared to him as he wonld have her oome, Berene aud radiant with tho radiance of a soul that wanders down from heaven to oomfort an earthly monrnor. Ho went ont into the garden, and smoked a pipe nnder the cedar, bnt here too the soli tude which had been the habit of his life lately seemed strangely Intensified to-day. It might have been that Bonnd of distant joy- bells, or the knowledge that all the little world within a twenty-mile radine was making merry so near him. It would be diffioult to defiuo the cause, but a sense of isolation crept into his mind. He smoked a second pipe, and drank a tumbler of spirit-aud-watcr, that perilous restorer to which he had too frequent recourse of lato ; sat - for an hour or more undor tho low-spreading bronohes which scarcely cleared his head when he stood upright, and thon oould endure this oppression of alienee and loneliness no longer, and resolved to go to the Glevodon festival. " I needn't join their tomfoolery," ho said to himsolf ; " I oan look on." Ho went up to his room, and droeocd him solf in somo of thoso olothes whioh had lain so long idle in his Boa-ohest. He was a hand some man even now, In spite of the gloomy look that had beoomehls natural expression ; a fino-looking mrfn still. In spite of his bent shoulders ; but he was only the wreok of the man he had been before his daughter's death ; only tho wreck of that man who sailed home from the distant world, fortunate and full of hope, coming bsok to his only child. ' The dinner for the oottagers, farm-ser vants, gardeners, gamekeepers, and small fry of all kinds was to begin at half-past one ; the dinner for the superior tenantry, to which Mr. Redmayne was bidden, at three o'clock. He had plenty of time to walk to Clevedon before the banqufet began, if he eared to take his place among the revellers, but ho did not care abont the ceremony of dining. He meant only to stroll abont tbe park, take a distant view of the rejoicings, and walk home again in the twilight. The Bushes did not oxpeot to return till midnight, as the fire works, whioh were the great featnre of the entertainment, were only to begin at ten ; bat Riohard Redmayne had no idea ot stay ing to stare at many-colored sky-rockets, or showers of falling stars, or Catherine wheel, or toman candles. He took the short cut to Clevedon, tho path that skirted meadows and cornfields, by those tall hedgerows whioh had shel tered Grace and her lover In the fatal snm mer that wqa gone. Slowly and listlessly ho went his way, stopping to lean against a stilo and smoke a meditative pipe before his jonrnoy was half done ; lingering to look at the ripened oorn sometimes, with the oritl- osl eye of experience, bnt not with the keen interest of possession. Even if these acres had still been "In hand," it la donbt. fnl whether he wonld have surveyed them with his old earnestness; Hie very key- stone of life's arch wss gone. Ho had no motive for wishing to iuorcaso his storo ; hardly any motivo for living, excopt that one undefined idea of a day of reokoning to come soonor or later betwixt him and his Ou.lC'a iiosirdyeV. To-day, dawdling in tho snnshino, amidst that peaceful landscape, going on 6uch a purposeless errand, hardly knowing why he went, there was auroly nothing farther from his thoughts than that tho day of reckoning had come. CnATTER XXXVIII.— "Of All Men Else I Have Avoided Thee." Perhaps, if a man mnat throw his money away somehow or other, which appears to be almost an absolute condition in tha lives of most men, thcro is no pleasanter modo of scattering it than npon such a rustic carni val as Georgia Clevedon and hbr father had organised for tho celebration of tho baronet® twenty -nlnthbirthday. In that onp of pleasure ono would snpposo there oan be scarcely ono blttor drop, providod always that everybody within a oertain distance is invited ; that there is no forgotten fairy to mutter her maledlotions in the midst of the banquet, and invoke misfortune upon tho prince or princess of the houso- And yot who can tell, 6ven in that eiinpla world, what heart-bnrning8 may disturb the joy of Susan JoneB at sight of Mary Smith's now gown, what a sense of humilia tion may depress Mrs. Brown on bo- holding Mrs. Robinson in a now bonnet, wbile Brown's Bcanty wage has not afforded his partner so much as a yard of ribbon to smarten her faded hcad- gaar ? Or who shall presume to say that tho jealous pangs which gnaw tho entrails of socle rnstio Strephon at sight of his Chloo's flirtation with Damon aro not as fierce an agony as the torments of any brilliant dandy in tho Household Brigado distracted by tho infidelities of a countess ? - Sir Franois Clevedon did not considor the thing so deeply aa ho looked out on the tents end flogs and flowers and fountains aud gaily dressed crowd scattered over a vast green amphitheatre under the noon-tide sun — a cheerful pioture framed by a background of old forest treoB, amidst whose cool umbrage the Boarod deer had fled for sanotuary. Ho thought that Goorglo had hit upon a vory pleasant manner of fooling away two or three hundred pounds, whatever Mr. Wort — with a pencil bohind his ear and an anoient Iittlo aooount-book in his hand — might say to the contrary. "You're euro you're pleased, thon, Frankie ?" says Genrgio, in her little coaxing way, sidling up to her husband as she stands by him on the terrace- walk before the houso, looking down atthe orowd. "I should bo quite miserable if you didn't like it all. Yon see, it seems suoh a dreadful thing for you to marry a girl without sixpence, and for her to begin by spending your money at snoh a rate ; but, then, it's only onoo a year, and it's all for yonr sake, so I do hope you're pleased." " As if I oonld help being pleased with yon in that bonnet," said Frank, surveying the bright face framed in white azaleas and blonde. Georgie is all in white to-day, an airy sylph-like costame, in whioh sho looks soaroely seven toon. Sibyl is near hor, also in white, dotted abont with Iittlo bouquets of forget-me-nots, and with forget- me-nots in her bonnot ; and Sibyl Is very agreeably oconpled in a flirtation with her brother's friend, Captain Harwood of tho Engineers. The Clevedon gaestB from out side have not yet begun to arrivo ; tho visi tors in tho house cironlate languidly — looking out of windows, or saantering np and down tbo tsrraco, watohing that orowd of creatnres of an inferior order from afar, with a kind of mildly curious interest which ono might feel abont common objoots by the sea-shore, and with hardly iny more sense of affinity than ono haB with a jelly-fish or any other invertebrate animal. " I am so glad they have a nice day, poor dear things," said Mrs. Cheviot, who was good-natured, bnt not of the diBtrlot- visiting ordor, and who had no personal acquaintonoo with those helots. " Yes," drawlod Weston. " I suppose wo onght to be pleased for their sakeB ; but it wonld have boon more fan to see them straggling in the rain with umbrellas. I was at York summer meeting the year that Moor-hen was expooted to win, bat didn't : and the rain was incessant, and I can assure yon tho people on the shilling stands and places were very good fan. I think we should have had more amuse ment to-day if tho weather had been bad ; to see the girls danoing In pattens, for instance — a 'pas de pattens' — would have been capi tal-" " I snpposo that's what they mean by a patten fair ?" said the youngest Miss Sial- man; "beoanse it always rains in Ireland, you know." Mrs. Harcross sat In a gardon ohair near this group, aud looked listlessly at the people In tho park, saantering to and fro to the musio of a local brass band braying ont the maroh from Gounod's Faust, in abominable time, with a kind of staggering sound, as if a regiment of gigantio toy- soldiers were lifting their olnmsy wooden logs to tho music. There was a good deal of talk and merriment already among the rural visitors. An Aunt Sally had been set np nnder the trees, and the lads of the village were pelting the grim old lady's visage ; but every one felt that dlnnor was to be the first great event of the day, and that everything before dinner was merely preliminary and unimportant. The tenants, whose appetRes had been sharpened liy a longish drive through the morning air, were rather inclined to envy the peasantry their earlier meal ; bnt, then, there was a satisfac tion In knowing that their banquet wonld be a joy in the present when the plebeian feast was only a memory of the post. Very bltto were the thoughts of Augusta Haroross as sho looked across that festive orowd — the tenantB and retainers who should have been the tenants and retainers of her hnsband. She did not grudge Sir Franois Clevedon the oheap popularity of to-day ; indeed, she considered the whole business a foolish and frivolous waste of money. Not such renown as might be won by hogsheads of ale and roasted oxen did sho desire for her hnsband, nor wonld she have valued the aommonplace distinction of a Lady Bonntlfnl for herself. She thought of what Hubert might have made of these advantages whioh Sir Francis held to so little purpose. She thought of him not wasting his powers npon the dry- Mdnst arguments of law courts or com- mM tee-rooms, but mounting that splen did ladder of statesmanship whereby a man aohievos that renown whioh must over seam th? chiefeat of earthly glory to the British mind. Now he spent his labor for that whieh profited him naught, since oommiltae-roonla and arbitration oases, thongh remunerative enough In a sordid sense, were hardly on the high road to the woolsack; bnt with six or seven thousand a year of his own, and the status of landowner, It wonld have been different. Snoh an income, augmented by hers, would have enabled him to hold any position. "He shall go Into parliament next ses. , slon," she said to herself. "He shall win . a name that men will respsct. I will not 1 lot myself bo crushed by this horrid secret. A barrister's fame is co common. I might be prond of him, if ho were to distinguish himself in tho political world ; I might bo proud of him, in spito of what I know." It was a strangely blenilad eoatiment of blA.. MMMttiH " u rcf-iutiui tiiiiuRv-i uc | him. If she had loved him less, sho might have felt her own wrong less bitterly ; but sho did love him, and sho was Borry for him, and thoro was a relenting tendornoss in her mind, oven in the faco of tbat ooolnesa between them, which ehe would have beon the last woman iu tho world to dispel by any word or aot of hers. Sho had no foar tbat their estrangement would bo a matter of- very long duration: Ho wonld humblo himself, of conrao, sooner or later > and when ho had done so, whon ho had fully repented himsolf of this taoit rebellion, she would receive tho prodigal, and pro- poBQ the soat in parliament and a par tial cessation from his logal labors. She wonld remind him of a fact which had been perhaps too much ignored by both — that her fortune was his fortuno, and that tho renown which ho might nchievo by a disinterested pursuit of fame wonld be dearer to her than any cf thoae sordid sun- copses which were only estimable by the amount of ponnds shillings aud penco that they brought with them. Sho meant to do all this in good time. She was not an enthusiast, who, on being inspired by a new idea, runs off flushed and eager to coinmuuicato it to the ear of sympathy. Sho made up ber mind with deliberation, and allowed bor purpose to inenbato, as it were, in the silent calmness of her soul. She felt that she was taking a generous — nay, oven noble— view of her husband's position, and that ho could not fail to receive hor proposition with ready assent and some gratitude. " There aro women who would part from him for ovor af tor suoh a discovery," she said to herself ; and such a parting had indeed been her first thought, strangled iu its birth by the consideration of tho world's wonder. Mrs. Harcross was a person who conld not pormit the world to wonder about her. Mr. Harcross had his duties aa stew ard ; and before ono o'clook, ho and Captain Harwood, Weston Vallory, and Mr. M'Gali tho roviower were- amongst tho orowd, duly blue-ribboned and rose- budded. Weston found his way to Miss Bond, radiant in her pink dress. She had contrived to slip hor moorings from hor father's arm; and while that Bcriou3ly- minded gentleman was arguing on the Bubjeot of justification by faith with another seri ously-minded gentleman, Jane had drifted as far away from him as sho could, and was rc oeiving the compliments of rural swains, with all tho more freedom on aocount of the enforoed abscneo of Mr. Flood, who wae on duty in the stables at this hour, assisting in the putting-up of waggonettes and white- ohapel carts. Tho barouohes and landaus and omnibuses of the geutry were only just beginning to arrive. Jane welcomed Mr. Vallory with a blash and a simper. Her rural admirers were very soon made to feel thcmsolves at a disadvan tage bsBide this splendid London dandy, and shambled off with a sense of defeat and discomfiture to consolo thomsolvo® with a "shy" at Aunt Sally. " How charming you look in that pink gown 1" said Weston, surveying tho damsel with his bold stare, " it's tho prettiest cos tume I've seen to day." " I'm glad you like it," tho girl answered. "I bought it with your present; but of oonrse I daren't toll father so. He'd have tarned me out of doors, I think, if he'd foand sat as I'd taken that soveriug." "Then yon shall not run the risk of ex pulsion again, for when I give you another present, it shall be a gown of my own choosing." " 0 no, nor that wouldn't do neither ; leastways, fathor would bo sure to find ont if I were to get a new gown like that. I had to tell him a fib abont this ono — that I'd saved iip my money to buy it. Ho does give mo a shilling ones in a way ; but bo's dread ful near. I know I didn't ought to have taken that money from yon ; but I did so want to buy something new for to-day, and it seemed to oome so handy." '"Swoot simplicity I" said Weston, with his artificial smile. "There are women in London with not half your attractions whoso millinors' bills oome to fivo hundred a year ; and are sometimes paid, too." He strolled by Miss Bond's side under tho trees, thinking this tho ploasantest part of his stewardship. Mr. Harcross met them face to faco presently, and marked his friend Weston's rustic flirtation as he went by, in conversation with ono of the chief tenants, a stalwart farmer of tho genuine Spoed-the-plough type, to whom ho had been specially introdnood by Sir Francis, and who volunteered to support him as viae- chairman at the dinner-table. The stewards had drawn lots far tho tables at whioh they were to preside, and Mr. Harcross's lot had fallen on one of the tables at tho earlier and hnmbler banquet. " I'll stand by yon, Mr. Chairman," said Mr. Holby, the farmer; "I think I know everybody within ten mile of Kingsbury, man, woman, and ohild ; and all 1 wish is> that there was enongh of 'cm to gather my hops, without employing any of these here Irish tramps," "You belong to Kingsbury, do yon, Mr. Holby?" Hubert Harcross asked, with a thoughtful faoe, whon he had done a good deal of duty talk nbont oorn and hops. " Hlggs's farm, sir, within a mile of Kings bury Churoh. I've farmed that land of Sir Franols's over since old Higgs died, whieh is above seven- and-thirty year ago." " Higgs's farm ; yes, I remomboy That's not far from a plaoe oalled Brierwood, is it?" "Not above two mile. I've walked it many a time between tea and sapper, when Richard Redmayne was a pleasanter kind of fellow than he is now, twolvo or fifteen year ago, when his daughter that died was only a little lass net higher than that." He held his sunburnt hand a yard or so from the ground, looking downward fondly as if he oould see the fair head of that little lass as he had seen it years ago. Who could have thought that It would bo so sharp a pain only to hear of those things ? Mr. Haroross felt as if a knife had gone through his hoart. It was some moments before he oould speak. O God, to think of her a little innocent child, and that ebo should have been predestined to love him dearly, and to die brokon-hearted for his sin 1 He wonld havo let the snbjeot drop at once; as a theme nnspeakably painful, bad he not been eager to satisfy himsolf npon one point. There had boon something in the farmer's speech which mystified him not a little. "You spoke of Richard Redmayne ao if yon had seen hhn lately," ho said ; "I un derstood tho whole family had emigrated." "Ay, ay," answered the farmer, with pon derous slowness; "the family did emigrate Jim and his wife, and the two boys, tall well-grown lads as you oonld see anywheres. They went ont to AnBtraUa. where Richard had bought a sUffish bit of land, I've heard say, for abont a tenth part the prioe an acre as yon'd give In these parts, Thoy went out, Jim, his wife ond boys, .1 soon after Riohard's daughter died- Sho died sway from home, yon see, sir, aud there was a gold dt al of trouble about it ; nml I don't believe as anybody hereabouts knows nz ictnally tlio rights and wrongs oi that story ; and it's my idea as there was .T" '"TCZgj tliin 'rights In It.'1 | -Whereupon Mr. Haroross had to hear tho Btory of Graco Redmayne'a death, delivered conjooturally, by Mr. Holby of Higgs's farm, after a rambling fashion, with much com mentary. " It were a sad loss for poor Riok, sir ; for she was as swoot a young woman as over stopt," concluded the farmer. Mr. Harcross was compelled to repeat his question. "I asked you if Mr. Redmayne waa still iii Australia," he said. ' "Ay, ay, to bo sure, to be snre. No, not Rick Redmayne. Jim and hiz wife and buys aro over yonder, but Richard como homo tho other day, as changed n man as I evor saw. Him and me used to havo many a pleasant hour together of a summer evening, with a pipe of tobacco and a jug of home brewed. Bat that's all ovor now. Ho hasn't been anigh his friends since ho come back ; and he lets his friends see pretty plain as he don't want them to go anigh him." " He is at home, thon — at Brierwood V" " Yes. I saw him standing by the g&to; tho night before last, as I drovo home from market." 