LOXDOX SSJLALL TALK. London. Juce 14. Has soaiawr resl'yr ooasmsocoJ. Snow in May, and April showers are still risking u^ Losuion :s full. C^aaQT cosuins are in faro*. Tb? fxhibiiton, not by act- means fitu; csnunnd niUi thai of 1S.M. The lVrfer and a thousand and o» odier, the aKractions of die Mffaopo^is. briaj th* woriihis wiif. aa3 an ever acreasiny prv^ear to to-\Ti ta ssv and bo Sk-tn. Hotels are in feather, and unless yoar amtnsements are made VIoreiiiai t»b a» JaM uith the most polite smirk in tira world thsi '' We are full Sir, very sorry,' and fnsSi directions a« si»«a u 'Jean,' who eniovsthc fan u (KUSfxvt of an uscreasei larc. The Western end of Losaon is enwwrwd : tif wonder is where all tho T«hkse~ com? frvsi. ssd whoif tht incomes come from to sT^-T-i-i th^ j\Mi-;- asd s tsto of f ashionablo life. Wbcn Mr. Lowe walks abroad he must feel some consolation in rseniof Uk substantiality cpon which he imposes tales in so many shapes. The Chancellor ii daioaucAi as an oppressor by old geutiemen ?who wjar bis shirt-frills and heavy vntoh Vwl*ttg«:s&. At raeetis^s they fume abont the in^uifitorial character d the income tax. arid in the afternoon they enjoy a cisriot drive with their wires and danghters, forg^tnug the vile t,nes in tha contemplation of the superb coach man vrith pjsnlensi tv^t. anil elegant John Thomas — whose legs conimand a better fo!ary tian msay unforra nate heads. It is a study to stand near the Albert Hall and look on. Opposite is thst wondrous gew-gaw erected in memory of Albert tie GooJ. a thing of glitter and stouewnre, cost, say iIM.i\X). vain?, say what you please. I would prefer to know the verdict of, the lookers-on 200 years h-K« : aai then the iuscripKon placed on the meaioriaj csjm st Balmoral forces itself on my memory. He iAItwr;! being male perfect ia a short time, fulfilled a long tim? ; i'or his soul pleaded the Lord; therefore. hsst*d be to take him away froa amaag the wicked. And then I suppose I am of sai among the wickea. asi thereSecuon isuot jilcisast. bat is soon chased sway by tie pretty faces s.n.i fearful bead gear of those iefT behind by Albert to eo:afort us ia oar aSii-titJs ; ani on the whole I fancy tie tr&» ia the Ko«r, with their besatiial spring fo'i'i^o. look bo-:ier tbaa tie taaaioriaj, as A they are not taken away from us, wickei as we are. bat thea Gi-i sends the rain for bjti the jast and uniast. and the earth gires forth its fruits. What jamble of iieas can have bronght into rcy mini the memorial hospital Sydney was going to ereetall in a hurry. 'When is it to be ? The notion is practical, bssicess-like. and hns a thoroughly colonial hari- fcesieine;j v'nt it. aud if it is to b? done, let us have the oppor 4f :y of knowing that Tve have helped to do gooJ in oi. -g me. The weather is dull, and this is the only apology I offer for sermonising. Fashion asserts her sway, and at the first gleam of sunshine the rainbow, with its glorious but watery tints, is almost outdone by the gloriously ap parelled throng passing along the drive. Lazarus drives his donkey cart along the Gore, inviting me to bny a pot o' musk for the missis, while Dives, all unconscious, lolls in his costly Tehiele, driven within the sacred enclosure. As a mere pedestrian, I can pass from the Paradise beyond the rails to the Hades of twopenny omnibuses and bakers' carts. I am of the very ontside, and perhaps being ontside I snarl and sneer : for where am I to look tor excitement now f rue weather is growing too warm for strikes, and people arc getting tired of them. We have no women's rights meetings to attend; now that the evenings are getting longer, the ladies show to bet ter advantage by displaying their fascinations on another and broader platform, and reserve their eloquence for more fitting opportunity, as many of their maids may testify. We have no May meetings to attend. The Beenabites have chronicled their annual converts, and the Back-a-bites have registered a year's outpouring of bile ; Qnashee has read a chapter in bis own native tongue, and has Eoag a hymn in his lingo, which was actually encored, as the '^jforts of lion-comiques are in other place?. Onesociet-i' ~- '- Isill not name it — boasts of having made thirty conv f rts in Australia. They are all in debt— the societies I mean of course, not the converts ; another effort is called for, and the reverend Mrs. Chicks cries out that all that is wanted is that effort : then with a doxology, Exeter Hall is delivered over to silence, and the ghost of poor Clnny at one time of the 'Change. We cannot even spice our evening soli tude with a republican gathering. Sir Charles Dijke is perhaps sulky, and Mr. Odger will not run the risk of having bU Sunday hat crushed by supporters of the Crown. Mr. Bradlaugh is ready to prove that there is nothing true, at the rate of ten shillings a lecture, or two-pence to go in and divide proceeds ; but no one cares for Mr. B. We ore happily indifferent, pre ferring green lanes to red republicanism, and our socialism has no political significance. rhe Duniee servant ' gals' have managed to have another meeting. The Chairwoman went in strong, and in fine form against the employers of female domestics, and opened up a new feature in domestic life. We are no loncer safe if our sin:ill vices are to be betrayed in public meeting assembled. When secret societies were more in vogue than now, a dagger placed npon the table was a solemn warning, but the maid who lays our knife and fork will be the canker werm in the cd .if she is to go forth and pro claim our social sin : One young woman has a most par ticular down upon : i Clergy, and tells us of one of the degenerate shephe who kept the girl at work till one in the morning w : : ; ir f tumblers for his visitors toddy. It is really pleas is ; c hear that worldlings ore not the only strays, ani that our spiritual guides have their random fits of subdued spreeing. The young ladies who claim to rule from below decide to dress how they please, the only guild condition being that they are not to dress so odiously as their mistresses. In future if we want loauj- we must uave an extra supply oi lumDiers, and wait until Sarah Jane has gone to bed, before we indulge in the flowing bowl, and our wives will have to adopt the millinery of the basement. But strikes arc taking a serious turn. A week or so back an under taker committed suicide, business having fallen off, and now the grave-diggers of Sheffield have proclaimed that they will no longer be the victims of oppression, and the washerwomen of Teignmonth have declared by the town crier that the price per dozen must be advanced, »r they will wash no more. Who supplies English papers with colonial news? Some of it is most interesting. We arc told that ' Baron Martin' has gained nothing by dissolving Parliament, md that the Baron's adherents are by no means blithe FVnd gay. fhe Border question has settled the Baron, ?- -'ill uow, I suppose, retire to the fastnesses of his 'V, '' n ~ !''* 'f Potte, and hold parlev therefrom Farm, and the gallant standing army 7'11 U^n° ')l:'Ulaut jorties on the citizens. There are many tii._5s m eou' nection with colonial life we may forget, but we do .'10t forget a good dinner, and yet my memory must have played me false, for I certainly do not remember diaing with salmon, troutand other Europeanfish upon the table, lie Bectorof Stone, claims all the credit of introducing Balmon and trout into the Austral ian colonies thirty years ago, ky a process he rather faintly describes. Hence says the reverend gentleman, the salmon and the trout leap in their beauty in the rivers of Australia, aud our antipodean brethren are able to rejoice in a table sup plied with the most delicious food which the waters yield for the sustenance of man. He has never men tioned this before, and I refrain from giving his name, because it would not be prudent te commence another statue until Captain Cook is represented by something more than a flag-post. A small sum placed upon the estimates would probably meet the case, as a token of gratitude on the part of those may have partaken of the delicate salmon yielded by Australian waters. Another interesting bit of information is reported by the Daily News, in its parliamentary report of the third reading of the Ballot Bill. Mr. Forster, who bad charge of the bill, in answer to a statement, that the ballot fostered bribery, instanced the working of ,the ballot in Australia, and said that he could state on the authority of the late Prime Minister of Sydney, that suchathingas bribery was unknown and that Prime Min ister was — ' ' Mr. Cook ! ' I am beginning to doubt myself. I do not remember Cook as leading in Macquarie-street. I have looked up the blue-book, and gone through the mazy ins and outs of New South Wales Administrations, ' where names do come, and names do go, and some go On for ever,' but I fail to trace 'Cook.' There was a ' Cook,' who could not get rid of .'Australian sove reigns, and he had all my sympathy, and, if he would hare suffered, it rny assistance. He is in London, and jerhaps I am wrong, and heynay have been Prune Minister, for some of those distincruished ^^3,^13 lid »ct remain long ?„ omce ; but It u comforting to Imow that we have such an authority to refer to, and in future, when an illustration 1b required of the superior way in which suon matters axe arranged in the colony, Mr. Gladstone will at once aay, send for Cook, Sir Charles is all very well, but Cook is the man for us when we are in a mess. And from the Baron, the Cook and the Salmon, to Mr. Hope's book 'In Quest of Coolies.' The ex perience of Mr. Hope will be found in a rather spun out one volume. One of his facts will be sufficient to test the whole. He tells us that the mere mention of Australian securities makes any capitalist instinctively button his breeches pocket. It is an unclean bird that fouleth its own nest, and truly the records of the Stock Exchange do not second the writer's assertion : but cotton and sugar growers in Queensland want cheap labour, and it is for them Hope tells his flat tering tale. While on the subject suggested by the word tale, here is a fact worth noting. The pub lisher of an old established penny weekly proved in conrt that they paid for a sensational story L700, having purchased it from another firm who paid L1000 for it, and published the story under a different name, bnt whether as Dick Tarieton, or ' Girls and Wives, or Who Wins,' a thousand pounds is a sum to speak of, and makes one think of the amount paid to John Milton for his ' Paradise Lost.' I We are having quite a surfeit of fioyal visits, and at ' the rate we are now going, Kings, Queens, and Emperors will become so common that they will scarcely command notice. The Empress of Germany has paid a visit to ?Jneen Victoria. The King of the Belgians has just ? left, and we have to put up with a Burmese Embassy. The Emperor of the French is no longer a sensation, and erapt b ions] paragraphs in the newspapAs the Hero of is hardly norjoci Less than two rears have p away since the Emperor bad his cele brated intent ,rW with Bismarck atDonchery. Napo leon is an exile, and Bkmarck is busy eheck m&tin;' the Pope. Loud and hag were the cries thai Some had proved too ranch for the great diplomatist. The Pope actually relufftl to accept the nomination of the Cardinal, and Saint Peter's was cock-a-hoop ; but it is quite ittssible to crow too eariy, and Mon Prince has come down upon the Jesuits heavy. Mon Eeiguor Capel has piron a staggering blow to English Bivaalism. He speaks of ii as a miserable imitation, and as dishonest as it is Qlegal. It is qnitoftme thai Oioe wretched pretenders should be unmasked ; and when such a man as Monscignor Canal denounces Kitcaliss) as an imitation^ it is a tolerably clear indica tion that Protestant principles are in less danger from opoa and honest opponents than from half-way advocate*. A more acreeable subject in connection with matters theological is the annual floral service held in the Church (of St. Catherine Cree on Whitsun' Tuesday. Dingy Leadenhall-street was all alive at eventide by reason of ladies yonng and ladies no longer jounp pressing onward to tit Catherine's, each and al having, in addition to the favours of nature asd the embellishments of art, most imposing bou quets of cho'ce flowers ; ani a glorious sight the church presented. The wardens had nosegays, the attendants were adorned, and the clergyman hail an enormous bouquet in the pulpit. The sermon was. of course, appropriate to the occasion ; and the appearance presented by the company, each with a well-selected bunch of flowers, contrasted by the dark oak of the pews and the fittings, was seemingly more effective than the more customary sombre surronndings of church going. The beautiful fuchsia bells, the bright calces taria. and the pale, delicate camellia, not forgetting the bringcrs thereof, combined to make the earnest words of the preacher more effective. It is only once a year, but why shoui ! it not be more often f Why is our Pro testantisci so austere ? Whit- Uonday was a great holiday, and is now as firmly established almost as a fast day holiday. London turns out for a holiday with a resolve worthy of notice ; there is nothing half-hearted about it. The banks hsve made Whitsun-Monday a holiday, and when the banks say yea who is to object. 45,000 people were at the Zoological Gardens, looking at the animal:, and getting pleasing instructions abont their habits, and the countries from which they have been transported. The kangaroo and wallaby came in for a food share of attention, and the emu stood a chance of sharing the fate of an ostrich, who died quite recently from a surfeit of coppers. 56,003 pleasure seekers were at the Crystal Palace ; and over 21,000 at the International Exhibition. London enjoyed its oatine; in all directions, and the police courts only recorded two cases — one of theft, and fine of riotous conduct, on the morning following. The Duke of Edinburgh has been very busy in all directions. The city magnates, who never miss an opportunity of eating turtle in the company of royalty, have made the duke a fishmonger, and the sailor-prince concluded a speech to the assembled fishmongers by poking |a neat bit of quiet chaff at the wealthworship ping Cits, for which I love him; they are such a wretched lot of time servers, that it is delightfnlto see them taken at their value : but thev arc thick-headed, and would take a Royal kicking kindly. The Prince has been made much of at Dublin, and has won the hearts of the Irish patriots, who gave him a warm and hearty welcome such as Irishmen know how to give, forgetting all else in dispensing hospitality. The Prince of Wales has paid a visit to Yarmouth, and bloater town has been in a state of excitement. The good folks of Norfolk have given the Prince such a reception as even a Prince may be proud of. He is almost a Norfolk man, living as he does at Sandringham. His acknowledgments in return to the usual addresses were of course of the stereotyped order, but one little bit is worthy of notice. He Baid — and said it in a feeling manner— ' Allow me to thank you for the kind sympathy yon showed for me during my illness. I hope I am not ungrateful for the feeling which has been shown towards me, and shall do my utmost in future to be of use to my country.' This is well said, and quiet sober people approve of it, because before he was afflicted he doubtless went— but no matter. Prince Arthur has been starring it at Liverpool, and the Limejuicers have gone in for some pretty smart bragging about their fair town, with its miles upon miles of docks and all the belongings thereof; and some body else has been starring it. 'The Claimant' ' is stump ing the country collecting from an enlightened British public the means to carry on the war. 'ThcClaimant' is not in good odour ; he has his adherents, and he may or may not be all he claims to be, but somehow he has given proof that he is not exactly all that Englishmea like. Shonld he make out his case, a very improbable circumstance, we cannot forget the impression produced by his coudnct in the witness-box, and he will get a sad over-hauling when he appears at the Central Criminal Court. There are a thousand and more subjects of interest to which reference might be made, all having their influence and leaving ever so small a ripple on time's surface, but in the aggregate making up the pre sent and formin the future of this great country. 