THE OyERLAND TELEGRAPH ROUTE.-- yp. 10.: i. . Bi CENTRAL Australian. I write this. on the west bank of the Hansoa Hirer near the foot of Central Mount Stuart on one of tbe finest days experienced during the entire journey. Hie huge cumuli clouds are spinning through the sky like so many belated aerial icebergs, and the shadows float rapidly over the landscape^ which consists for tbe first time of hill, dale, forest, river (with water in it), plain, and scrub all at once—truly a pretty -place for a casaping spot, but vhtether it would repay the tounst for the trouble of a visit. I leave the traveller to decide, merely reminding him or her, as the case znay be, that this'place is not less -than 1>25& miles fronF.the shady side of King Willwin- street, Adelaide. A fine breeze makes the day . enjoyable^ •especially as for many days wehave tad none, and all of us began to fancy that the four winds of heaven bad been entirely blown out. The heat, as a Consequence, has been somethingjten-ible. The latitude is 21* 50fS., "longitude 133° 26', so it wall be seen that warm weather should be the rule sow, and it has been. . country generally is beautiful. : 'Tt>6pidta plknts df a peculiar jptmth and brilliant greennuiy be seen on every aide; "the grass is variefl'-Jjad plentiful, " just about to seed, andasthere have been , many showers lately it is also quite green. ' ' My last letter .was - written afcAlice Springs. «n the Todd River, Vfherfc'we temped for a few days to give the horses. a chance of recovering themselves a little. .Whilst there the memory of poor Eraeggb was revived by his effects being cold by auction. It was assumed, and properly so, that as there were a number of men at the place, all or most of whom wanted some article, it would be the better . plan to dispose «f the things at once thanto store and carry them iback to Adelaide. Most of the things were perishable, some-of them dirty, and all likely to deteriorate, whilst the money they produce atrthe-Alice Springs vpu|dt be just so much more under anjF circumdtab<fes-as at any . jaaiket tower down. • * - . • We saw titie last of the old yfear atMhis cimp, andweloomed the advent 'of 1872 with many revolver shots, much kerosine and flour tin beating, and .more or"'lea6 general hilarity, raised upon a .foundation of old habit, supported by tea. Had we .been. in at-tbttl or near a public-bouse the tea would have remained undrank for £hat time,.yet the decoction was acceptable, but it was considered a sorry substitute. To -mark the comingoj the new year we were treated to smart showers.' It rained a good deal whilst we cainped at this place always alittle before sunset. . On.the night of January . it being -awfully dark, "a lot of rockets and ' refman candles were produced, .and having .been carefully fixed were set going, to the ,gre^t delight of all present, blocks included; ene rocket, however, defied all efforts to " sky" it, and ^hen the others had ran their little course, "it remained on its stick defiant and datk. In the morning our 'cook used _€he article to light the fire, and ^produced what theatrical people, term a startling- and thrilling effect. 1'never saw a ghost, aor .any one who. did, jbut judging .. {rem pictures and fancy, Mick, the cook, looked , if. be had been visited by a whole region of disembodied spirits. The rains set the'river flowing, and we all took advantage of a bathe in running water for the first time since leaving Adelaide. - ' ' At about 10 miles from the Alice Springs the r '.party arrived at a spot known as the top ef the . MacDonnell Ranges, and obtained. a- beautiful ."view of the country for many miles in every direction. The road to this point is 'exceedingly rough, being over spurs of quartz * and granite, through deep ravines -of great stones and sand, all of which had a decided micaceous appearance, just like -the quartz, &c.;, on some of thB gold-fields-of Victoria; but my own opinion of the place is not favourable to its ever being found to be a gold- field.. There seems to be too much' granite. Of course I had not opportunities for seeing much of the ranges, and. there may be any number of pure quartz spurs and far better indications of gold than any I saw; but, if so, they must be off the road a good •way, consequently difficult .of access; also, as J did not come'with any intention of looking for gold, I only expression opinion formed of the general appearance of tie country through which we have passed. On the top there is a good welL It is really, a surface spring, but =•,there has been a deep hole dug in which the •water -is stored. This water is full of deleterious mineral substances, and produced .diarrhoea, which was counteracted by using ,. cidorodyne. Looking back toward the south, ^jthe mountains, ranges, and valleys could be seen stretching away into the far blue distance, '"whilst ahead of us was one apparently level down country covered with luxuriant grasses, brilliant coloured flowers, elegant shrubs, and a bright Sunlight not too warm, as it was early morning. The soil is of a superior description from this spot right on to where I am now writing. It. consists of a reddish sandy top resting on clay, and is mixed with small quartz stones, pebbles, .' and grit. Gum-trees grow on the flats, but are . more or less stunted, except on the banks of the creeks and rivers. In places the bush is dense, but nowhere does this extend more a faw , . hundred yards. The scrubs seem to run in lielts, and intersected at intervals by stretches of beautiful grass country. Amongstthe scrubs are rare and pretty flowering shrubs, also creepers innumerable, but the latter have ho great variety. Mulga is followed by myall, and then maliee, but this last is not nearly so plentiful as the twg former, and the . mulga prevails. After about thirty-five miles or BO of this country < there is a slight change. Scrubs become less common, whilst box and gum flats succeed each Other. On ,the side of the lulls, as on Mount Boothby and Central Mount Stuart, are some , pretty stunted pines and plenty of grass, appp,- j^ntly nearly all the way to .'the top. At the \- IBijrt there is a creek, like all the rest, .full of sahd. Here were first seen 'some of tbe enormous flocks of pigeons. heard so much, about, , and enough were shot to make us content with pigeon-pie for a time. One shot brought down ll birds from an indifferent lot, and 1 believe it _ possible to kill enough for a dinner at any time with a few good pebbles. We also saw turkeys, and'tried to induce them to believe that our movements were altogether pacific and friendly; , twit they did not think it, and up to the present timewe have not been-able to get near enough io hit one.. An emu and kangaroo have been . ehot, but no other game larger than a duck; ! we have, however, had plenty-of them. Over these downs the road and telegraph line run close together, and a better track could not be •desired anywhere. Asto the line, it is in some respects not firstzate, the poles being both too small and crooked, but there has" been mucin difficulty in getting timber from the top of the range to the end of . Section C. The succeeding Section —D—is very well poled, "and will: prove as • lasting a work as anything of the kind in the -colonies. A "blackfellow's: opinion of .what the nrhitefellows are doing may be worth recording; it was given at Alice Springs in a very solemn manner by a lugubrious-looking aboriginal who ' : Utfaetf English fairly. He said—"What for' whitefellow fooLituId .him that one fence?' plenty white money at down long o' that one-; plenty! my word! like it wheelbarrow; like it oig one wheelbarrow full money; whitefellow ' -fool!" This is the opinion of a dusky son of -the far bush, who is impressed with the belief that be is a philosopher. Two more wild blackfellows were seen to-day, who would- not .come near. This makes nine in all of such noticed since leaving Adelaide. The sight of the various' ranges and hills passed lately has been .very fine, and ha£ cheered -us up—not that the party were specially de- \- pressed, but the sameness «£ view produces a lassitude that is quite equivalent to gloom, and depression of spirits in travellers is nearly a disease that should be -avoided by all means. r At tbe spots where the sail is better than • psual were observed many anthills of peculiar «Jape, and just the colour of theaalL Some of so much as a number of dilapidated tomb- They are all built by the white ant, much examination it is concluded that ^hefbanner of the work is thus:—The ants seize AM&&, eat atov the inside of the stamp; the Irtanchesnert fall, leaving a ghastly stem, round ijfe outside of which the ants build cells of coil rata it is all covered; and then, it having pn- •wondy been hollowed, the whole serves as a Teadeocc for the family. On the way, Mr. Forster, in charge ef a warty of men from Section £ on their road back to Adelaide, jms-awt, and -we heard fer the first time of the murder of Jfr. J. Millner.. To-day we bare met Mr.. Burt, also on his way down, , and he tells us that iMr. John Millner was killed on September 1 by a blackfellow who was attached to the camp. . When at Attack Creek,' latitude 19°, the younger Millner, after the sheep_had camped, lay down in the shade to rest; a youag whito named Ash win and the aboriginal close beside him. Ashwin, looking away from Millner,. did .not see the black lift 'his club and bit Mr. Millner on the -head,' but hearing the sound turned round and saw the. unfortunate man's * head -smashed. The black dropped his. club and. drew baok, apparently with tbe intention, of using his boomerang on Ashwin; but the latter hadnis revolver in his beltyand drawing it "was too .quick for the native,-who received tbe shotsotaewbere in: bis body at a rwige of about four, yards.., The murderer started -sod ran about a hundred yards, feU, " then got up, when- Ash win. fired a second time. The black seemed to be' again hit, fell, and sose once more and made off. Meantime Askwindid what he could for Millner, and thereby lost the opportunity, of following the native up, -and he escaped; at least he was not found by -Millner's party. Poor Millner of course died immediately, as his brains were dashed out by the one bkw he received. -Mr^ Burt has shown a piece of cloth, that belonged to some of Stuart's party; also a bit <of !a strap found, fey him -at one <rf Stuart's >camps on Purdie's Ponds, lat. 15° 62 1 . Both relics are in moderately good preservation. Ths cloth- is some stout -dark blue material, evidently portion of a coat; the leather is not so wall preserved, and is dry as a chip almost. Mr. Burt takes a mail on. He reports heavy and continuous rains up north. . • There has-been no real difficulty with water all the way, -as when the stages between waterfc have been too. great we have been able to carry enough, for-one day, or two if requisite, but the season has 'been a favourable one, and it may chance that in very dry times Some : of the waters may dry up.. At the Native Well it was found that the in-come of water was "not more than about a pint per minute, and when this was reached it was necessary to push on 16 miles to water, as the place was empty. On that day 34 miles-was the journey, and as we had gone IS miles the previous day and camped without water for the horses, the stage the poor brutes had iodoform was 52 miles between the wateis —not a; bad one in this hot climate and weather. This-may _ also be the experience ©f others, therefore it would, be wise if the permanent waters -were in some way set. down, and the pcojbable ones alse were well defined, so that disappointment—the certain forerunner of all bush -disasters—may be reduced to its smallest possibility. One permanent water is to beiound at about eleven miles from Mount Boothby going north—i.e., one and a half miles from the last crossing of the Woodforde Greek * going south. This is on the west side of the road, andean be easily found by the number-of old camp-marks about. It is only about 100 yards from the road, and as it had not been previously named it was. agreed to cali it Boucaiit's Soring. People travelling by the wire hence wfll find this water by going off at a right angle from a. double shackle that indicates the junction of Sections C and D, and travelling westward five miles will cut the track .at or near the spot where the spring is. It is needful to be particular, because the Woodforde on the north is often dry, as .is the native well on the south, and should Boucaut's Spring be missed a long stage must necessarily be gone without water in dry seasons.' At the fourth crossing of the Woodforde we camped at a well which had plenty, of water in 'it, but the water was decidedly "highly flavoured. On examining into the cause-at was found that a whole regiment of rats had made this their involuntary tomb, and to record the place of their death .had left the stink behind them. .Down the well wa& also ja snake about two feet in length, but he was as lively as a kitten. No doubt he subsisted on . defunct rat, washed down witli cold, rat soup. He wasleft tothequietenj oyment of what seemed to be a rather lengthened meaL It was strange that there are not now any fish in the -waters— a sure sign of their instability. The largest creature " native and to the manner born" noticed in these parts were well-developed pollywoggs; the smallest was larger than the biggest seen before. (Mem.—They are not nice when boiled and made into tea.) The river the party are now on is a broad, shallow affair, lined thickly on each bank by small gums, mulga, and teatree. .To- night will be the second vre shall have camped oa it— once a stage back, and now again—and, speaking from experience, the stream may .be said to be lined with mosquitoes. Small things they are, but intensely persevering. How they did sting! Phew I One of our men declared that they bit him through his canvas hammock and his shirt. Another put on a pair of antigropoli; but still the little beggars got at the skin, and caused their "little bills" to be duly presented. A member of the Assembly with half the determination—in a right cause, of course—of one of these little torments would, become a legislative wonder. Since starting on this trip I 1 have heard of moon-blindness several times, and have been cautioned several times about sleeping in tbe moonlight without being shaded in some way from the direct rays of . that planet... Like most other people, I paid little attention to these warnings. Now, however, we have ill had,ocular, demonstration of the truth of the statements, one of the party being moon-blind. As .soon as the sun "sets and its direct influence has gone this man becomes blind. He cannot see ahead without looking at his feet, when he can dimly discern large objects that are alose to him, such as. a wagon with its tilt on. 1 .If he looks straight on he can see his feet onlyj Thus it seems that some kind of film caused by the moonlight is before the pupil of the eye. , He can see by candle or lamp light; hut no matter how bright the moonlight may be, he is always •blind during the time she shines, aud is not so when the moon is in its last- quarter. There is no particular pain attendant upon this •state of things; but he feels a slight giddiness, and is much disturbed in mind because of the peculiar position he; finds himself in on moonlight mghts after the sun has set. Is there auy simple cure for this, and if so, what 1 „ All reports from the Far North are satisfactory as regards the health of the parties. Mr. Burt and One of his men have suffered from rheumatifem; bat they have had extra hard work'and much'outing in wet weather. It ^s oommon, he isays, for some of the men to be a little siik .during, the wet season—December, January, and February—with, what is called the North- West sickness, vomiting after meals, &c;'.; but they do not attach any importance to this, add it goes away again when the weather settles. Probably even this malady will soon disappear. Mr. Burt proceeds hence direct for town. j DETAILED M TBE DOCKS. —NOJ notice his hitherto appeared announcing-the detentionpf the ship Dhollerah, from London, but Messrs. D.;& J.. Fowler inform us that their telegram, dated Iiondon, ^February. 17,'.noon, says :-{— " Dhollerah has been in collision, and lias to discharge." . [ tm- Sir Charies Wentworth Dilke, in "Greater Britain," writing of the Adelaideans, says :4- . "You never meet a man who dobs not make some sacrifice to the heat, in -the shape of puggree, s3k coat, or sun helmet; but the ladips {tie beasXiY as .unwise heme', as in;, the other colonies, and persist in going about in. shawls and coloured dresses. Might they but see a few of the Richmond or Baltimore ladies in their pure white muslin dresses, and die of envy, fir the dress most suited to a hot dry climate is alio the most beautiful under its bright sun." White demurring to the insinuation as to the wisdom of tbe fair Adelaideans, and being firmly con ringed that they hare no just grounds to be envious, of the-ladies of Richmond, Baltimore, or any other city, J. A- Northmore & Co. desire Iio inform them that the dress so much admired bjy the observant author of " Greater Britain," conastrng-of 10 yards of Swiss Book Muslin and ]$ yards of Trimming, cac. be purchased at their Establishments for the small sum of lis. 6df;' whilst equally suitable and more elaborate costumec, of the newest fashion in Cambrii' Chambeitmg and Tussore "Silk, can be obtain in great variety of style, colour, and trimmi: at.aU prices up tofifa. Jbe ridies* S0 ar'" Bunme-fetreet, 103 arid 105, Kfcg WHl&m; &-street, Adelaide; and Flag House, Clare. 