CENTRAL POLICE COURT. Friday, January 12. ■ (Before the Mayor, the Police Magistrate, | and Messrs Clarke, Connor, and Couve3.) THREATENING AND ABUSIVE LANGUAGE. Mr M. S. Levy summoned James Halpin I for having on the 29th December made use of threatening and abusive language to wards him. Mr Pincott appeared for the plaintiff) and Mr M'Csrmick for the defence. The plaintiff's evidence was to the effect that on the 29th December he had jnst finished an auction sale at the Farmers' hotel, anchetood talking to two men in: the pwwge, the doors and windows being open so that people in the street would hear what was said, when Mr Halpia came in and folded his arms in a peculiar manner, and witness soeing him look at him in a peculiar way went into a room to get out of his way. Halpin followed him into the room and said "Mike Levy is a thief, and a traitor, and I come before the public to tell him so." Immediately afterwards Halpin said he did not come into the room to annoy anybody—" I come to see this Christ, killing Jew, this Mike Levy, if I follow him to the' bounds of bell I will have my revenge." In the passage Halpin said " I'll kill that yellow Jew Levy," or words to that effect. Halpin was in the habit of annoying witness every day in town, and witness was in dread of bis life. Halpin stopped in the passage, and witness stayed in the room for an hour, with a view of getting rid.oE him. Got some persons to keep Halpin in the passage whilst he went through the bar, got into a cab, and went awayl No matter whether on the highway, the byeway, or tha auction room, Halpin was • continually making use of similar I language ; he did it even as late as the 9th. ' instant. "Witness's door-plates were oh Saturday night destroyed again ; they were not on this occasion daubed out, they were gouged with a knife. By Mr M'Cormick— Halpin never asked witness for an account of goods sold; not since the County Court, where the case was settled, until Wednesday last. (This course of cross-examination was objected to by Mr Pincott, as it did not bear on the case.) It was allovegthe house that Halpin abused him, Never said, when Halpiu came in," Here is my ghost coming j to haunt me;" nor words to that effect. Thoro were thirty or forty persons present, and he would challenge any one of them to i say he made use of any such language, either directly or indirectly to Halpin. Halpin was walking up and down when he made U3e of tha language. ' Mr'M'Cormick.—Did you have any in clination to punch his head ? - Witness.—I don't know what my inclina tions were. The Police Magistrate.—What a question to ask. Mr Levy.—If I had the inclination, I think I should have done it, but I should have been afraid the man would have knife in his hand. Mr Partridge gave corroborative evidence, and said the language made use of by Hal pin could bo heard in the street. Mr Levy never said a word to Halpin, who was at "Mr Levy's store when witness and Mr Max well went back there. Mr Maxwell, bookkeeper to Mr-Levy, also gave corroborative evidence, and further stated be had heard Halpin on one occasion 'say, " I have been fasting this morniDg and intend to-night to feed on Jewish pork." That morning Halpin had said outside the Police Court, " You had better get him to set-He this case, for if I am hound over to keep the peace, I never will." Mounted-constable Strachan proved the ! use of the abusive langnage, as did also Mr P. Toole. Mr M'Cormick argued no evidence had been brought to prove that the words made use of in the room, which was not a public place according to the Statute, had been heard in. the street. As for his client, as the matter had .been introduced by Mr Levy, there were some accounts of long standing between . them that bad never I been settled. (The Mayor said that this ' had nothing to do with the case: the sub- i iecfc had not been introduced by Mr Levy, but had been brought forward by Mr JTCormick in cross-examination). His client had hardly got into the house when Mr Levy, turning towards him, said, *' Here i3 my ghost coming to haunt me," j and, as they would naturally imagine, I having such words made use of with refer ence to him made Halpin indignant, and he followed Levy into the room, and then there was a row which had been brought on by Levy himself. As for " killing," the: word was Bometimes used in his (Mr M'Cormick) country in kindness and in joke. "HI kill you" was an expression made use of every day in joke. The Police Magistrate—Have you any witnesses to prove that Levy made use of thelangnageimputed to him? it is very .improper to make such allegations-if you have not witnesses to prove them. Mr.M'Cormick —1 have been instructed to that effect, and I respectfully submit I have done nothing improper, my client will' make a statement. • . The defendant then stated that he went into the Parmer's Hotel to get a glass: of ale, when he went in. Levy, who was there with his arms folded said "here is my so-and-so ghost." As soon as he, defendant, saw and 'heard this, he folded his arms also, and followed Levy into a room where there was a row through two men fighting, said " I'll have no row except with one man, Levy, he has robbed me." Levy went into a backroom, locked himself in, never came out again, and defendant came away. He went down to Levy's, store to see if some of his things had been sold and found they were still in tbe store. There he met Mr Partridge and his fellow clerk, Mr Maxwell, and they said " Hullo, old fellow, how are you?" and they then went into Murrell's and had a drink. The bench inflicted a fine of £5 and £2 2s costs, and bound Halpin over to keep the peace for three months in two sureties of £25 each and his own surety of £50. The fine was subsequently paid, and the defen dant admitted to bail. . In answer to the Mayor, defendant pro mised not to say a word to Mr Levy for three months. BEUTAL ILL -TREATMENT OP CHILDREN. James M'Govern was brought before the court, having been arrested by Sergeant Goodenough on a charge of brutally ill treating his two little sons," who looked half starved and very sickly. Patrick M'Govern, a boy about 12 years of age, gave evidence to the effect that he was returning home on Tuesday night about 11 o'clock, having been to do some work at the Post-office!"when his brother came out and told him not to come in as their father would kill them both. Stayad out until two o'clock, and when he went in his father locked tb.9 door! got him in a corner, and broke a thick whip handle over his back and head. (A carter's whip handle was exhibited in court, broken into three pieces, clearly showing how severely it must haya been hand)' * James M'Goyern, thirteen ye»» corroborated his brother^ -3 age. Baid th^t ahout 11 . - - evidence, and hira to put.**-- " o'clock his father told bo " -aie harness on the horse, and as not do it he struck him, and he ran away and joined his brother, and they stayed out until two o'clock. At five o'clock the next morning his father struck him on the . face with the buckle of _,the reins, saying—"Now, did that mark you?" Other evidence was given showing that M'Govern was in the habit of ill treating bis children both by threshing and starving them. Not only ■were the two boys so treated, but also a little sister 10 years of age. There were two elder brothers, and these, the lad James thought, would take care of them. On being asked what he had got to say for himself, M'Govern said his children were being pampered up against him by neigh" hours, and had got into the habit of stop ping out at night. He admitted he had threshed them, but did so to prevent them becoming what was called larrikins; if they became so he would be blamed and called a bad parent. The Bench sent him to gaol for six months. The Prisoner—"What is going to be done with my property?" The Police Magis trate—"You have cot yourself to blame; any man who would be such a brute de serves to sutTer." Inspector Palmer—"It is fortunate he docs not stand here on a more serious charge; it is only a short time since he killed his wife." The Court then adjourned. 