TOPICS OF THE DAY. By way of experiment the mail signal lamp on the Post-Office Tower will be lighted at half-past 7 this (Saturday) evening. We are requested to notice an adver- tisement in another column, that Mr. J. W. Daniel will commence a singing class at the Town Hall, Norwood, on Monday evening. To-day the Adelaide Amateur Athletic j Olub will hold a field meeting on the Adelaide Racecourse. There are a large number of entries for some of the event** and a, good day's sport may be anticipated. We understand that Mrs. Jas. Pollard sustained a slight sunstroke on Tuesday last; but we are glad to learn that through the prompt attention of Dr. Blood, serious results were averted.— Kapunda Herald. By the Oavbler Times we learn that the Victoria Crushing Company is to be wound up. Only 93 tons of cement had bees crashed daring the half-year. This speaks discourag ingly for the position and prospects of the Barossa diggings. It will be seen by an advertisement in another column that the time of sailing of the steamer Kangaroo for Wallaroo next week is altered from "Wednesday to Tuesday, to suit the convenience of consignees on the Peninsula, next Friday being a, close holiday. The following is Friday morning's weather report from the interior:—"Bel tana, R, light, fine; Stranways Springs, 8., light, fine, warm; Peake, S., very light, dear, warm ; Charlotte Waters, E.. light, clear, fine; Alice Springs, S.E., light, fine, clear, pleasant; Barrow's Creek, £~ moderate, fine; Tennant's Greek, E., light, very fine." We are informed that Mr. A. McDonald met with a serious accident whilst coming to town on Thursday morning. He was walking beside his horse and cart, and, in attempting to get in while it was in motion, he stumbled, fell, and before he could recover himself the wheel passed over his chest and right arm. He was taken into a house close at hand, and Dr. Maurau attended him. He is now lying in a preoarieus state. On Friday afternoon last Mr. Charles Horlook, of Gould's Creek, got a nasty gore from a cow. He was baling it np for milking for Mrs. Smith, a neighbor, when the beast turned short round, and inflicted a gore on the inside of his thigh. Dr. Nott was sent for, and found it was a "severe cut, some two or three inches in length. He sewed it np, and the patient is now progressing very favorably. — OinoUr Tima. Some weeks back indications of copper were discovered in a section some three miles from Strathalbyn, and we have now placed before us by Mr. Joyce some specimens of black ora taken from a lode which has resulted from the subsequent search. It would be a fortunate thing for this district if by the introduction of capital a copper mine could be brought into full work, and we hear that it is proposed to form a company for the purpose.— Southern Argus. The Northern< Ai gui states that some oae, feebly imitating the pranks of the Marquis of "Waterf ord, has imposed as a ghost upon a number of timorous and weak-minded people in Clare. The apparition is described as tall, with an elongated visage, spring heels, and several chunmt of raiment. It prowls about, dogs tie footsteps of unprotected females, ( knocks at doors, and indulges in divers other freaks worthy ot the spirit of a rowdy convi vialul, out upon his nocturnal rambles. We have received the following abstract of the trade and revenue returns of New Zealand for the last quarter of 1871:—Total imports, £1,085.410; total exports, £1,008,201. Export* as f>Uows—Gold, £596,918; wool, £256.420; barley, £1710; malt, £960; oats, £8.435; wheat, £6,7<9; flax, £22.222; tallow, £6.291; Kauri gum, £31,715; preserved meats, £19.285. Bevenu-, £355,427 35., of which £106.891 Us. 9i. ?as from land sales and rents, and gold-fields revenue, &c.; The European population, as per census February 27, 187 L, was 256,393. Ships entered, 201; tonusge, 78.791); cleared, 180; tonnage, 68,913. The Northern Argus speaking of Clare says :— ** The locusts have not yet quite de serted our district, considerable detachments remaining behind, as if to eat up every particle of green vegetation that had been spared by the main body. Flocks of a small species ot king fisher have appeared in many places, and Beem to feed greedily upon them, but the birds are not sufficiently numerous to make any impres sion on the insect plague. A correspondent states that " one consequence of this visitation his been a sudden cessation in the supply of fresh butter, which has hitherto been unusually abundant and cheap for this time of the year." A preliminary meeting of the Norwood Parliamentary Club was h-Id on Friday even ing, the 220d iost., «.t Mr. Caterer's school- room, BeuUh-road, Norwood, to decide upon tbe course of procedure for the eiisuiui; session. Mr. Laviagton Glyde, M.P., occupied the chair. Thirty-eight geatlemen entered their names as members; and Mr. Fred. H. Wigg mu reap pointed Treasurer, and Mr. Bayfield Moulden electe I to the o *ce of Clerk of the Club in the place of Mr. TV. L Glyde. Tbe day and hour of weekly meeting were fixed. The last session closed with a satisfactory balance in the Trea surer's hands; and the coming session is looked forward to with great interest and every pros pect of success, several of the gentlemen now on the roll being new members. Mr. Glyde has kindly consented again to occupy the position of Speaker, and to him is mainly attributable the past success of the Olub. We are informed that it is the inten tion of Mr. Roediger, of this town, to build & mill in the vicinity of Gawler for the purpose of dressing and preparing flax for the market. The order has been already sent home for the necessary machinery, which includes appliances for the pressing and crushing of linseed ; and it is expected that it will be ready for use in plenty of time for next season's crop. This should serve as an inducement for those fanners in this neighborhood who have already commenced the cultivation of flax to persevere and also en- courage others to give it a trial. There is no doubt that on land tuitable for the purpose (of which there is said to be plenty in this and the surrounding districts), and with ordinary care, the crop is a highly profitable one, and will find a ready market. We wish Mr. Boediger all the success which his enterprise deserves.— Gawler Times. On Friday, March 22, a bazaar in aid of th« funds of the local Institute was held at Gumeracha. Recently two rooms were erected at the rear of the Institute, at a coat of £90. Towards this amount subscriptions and ar ticles have been given worth about £50, and it is anticipated that by this bazaar the remaining portion of the sum required will be made np. A debitdcg society holds i'fl meetings at the Institute, which is the oldest-established country Institute in the colony, and these rooms will be very convenient for the members. There was a very fair at tendance, the township having an additional number of visitors in consequence of the ihosr. The articles at the bazaar were of the ordinary kind—those usually found at bazaars—and a very fair trade was done. Refreshments were provided, and many availed themselves of the means thus provided of obtaining a quiet cap of tea or coffee and a. sandwich. The proceeds were estimated at about £50. A man was bitten on the foot whilst going to a small waterhole on Mr. Yeates* station—Tulloch Station, near Penola—on last Wednesday (March 13). A ligature was imme diately placed above the bitten part, which was squeezed and scarified. Tobacco juice was freely inserted in the wound. Vomiting com menced half an hour after the bite was inflicted, and continued incessantly with great faintness till the man got to the station, where a small piece of flesh round the wound was cat oat with a. razsr, and the wound sucked, and after wards blasted with gunpowder. Repeated nips of whisky ware given. Vomiting confined till 4 p.m., when drowsiness came on, anditwas with great difficulty that the man was kept awake. He was taken into Casterton at mid night, vomiting at longer intervals, and strongly disposed to sleep. On arriving at the medical gentleman's house, he was pronounced to be not like a person suffering from snake-bite, and he seemed to be very hungry. He was given a. ittle bread, which immediately brought on vomiting, evidently only the result of the large quantity of spirits previously administered. There were no other symptoms, so after the doctor had watchei him till 4 o'clock on Thurs day morning, it was not thought necessary to apply Halford's remedy. The man was taken home, and vomitei a little the next day. The snake either was very young, or else the imme diate action taken, after the bite prevented any bad results.— Spectator. On Friday evening, March 22, the Adelphian Class Meeting in the Christian Chapel, Grote-street, held a tea and public en tertainment in connection with the reassembling of the class, after a vacation of three months. The tea was provided in a first-class Btyla, and was partaken of by a great number of friends. After the tea a pnblic entertainment took place, Mr. H. a Earl, M.A., the critic of the class, presiding. The Chairman, in a short ad dress, explained the objects of the class—to in crease the Scriptural knowledge of its members, and to qualify them for future usefulness. He spoke at some length upon the advantages of the class, and of the amount of usefulness it was calculated would be imparted to those of its members who were regular in their attendance. No greater or nobler object could be engaged in fcli«? that of extending the knowledge of Christ, The young man of the class fully realised this, and hence studied to prepare themselves in order te contend for the faith once delivered to the saints. The Adelphian Class had already been the means of doing much good. Several of its members were now engaged in making known the GospeL and several others, who did not appear in public, were exerting a good influence in various ways, while all were engaged, in a greater or lea§ degree, in laboring for one common, end —the benefiting of society. This -was the very foun dation of the Adelphian Glass, and to this end the members would still persevere. Ihe fol lowing exercises were then engaged in:—A reading, by "Win. Green, "The Battle of Life," from & lecture by Hugh Stowell Brown ; a reci tation, by F. G. Bales, Jan., "A Dream;" essay, by M. Collis, "The Perfect Guide;" a recitation, delivered in a very creditable style, "The Mysterious Mnrie," by W. 6. Dairies; and a short practical discourse by J. Hawkzs. Several hymns were sung during the evening, and the gathering, which was a very large one, dispersed shortly before 10, after having en joyed a very interesting evening** entertain ment. The Bev. John Newton formed the subject of a lecture given by the Kev. T. J. Smyth, M.A., in the Pultepey-street school room on Friday night, in aid of St. John's Sunday-school. Mr. W. 8. Moore presided and briefly explained the object of the lecture. The Bev. Mr. Smyth stated that the Bev. Mr. Newton was born in 1725. His mother, who was a pioo? -woman, taught him at an early age the (.reat truths of Scripture, and these first impressions clung to him throughout his life, and when three years old he was taught to read, and at six he com menced latin, but his *""*'*'"'* mother dying, that wai discontinued. When his father, who was at sea, returned, he was sent to a boarding-school in Essex, where, however, he learnt very little. Bis father married again, and Newton went to Bea, On his return, a Liverpool merchant offered to take charge of young Newton. Consent was given, and it was proposed that he should be sent to Jamaica. His father, however, sent him to Kent, where he met some friends of his mother's, and he found in that family one whom he could never banish from his thoughts. He stayed so long in Kent that the opportunity to go abroad was lost, and he then shipped on board a ship bound for Venice. He was next preued into ths navy, and here he unlearned all his good mother had taught him. Not liking the service he deserted. He was, '.however, cap tured, brought back, and flogged before the whole crew. So much did he feel his position that he determined to put an end to his life, but the thought of one for whom he had great esteem prevented him. He obtained his discharge on the coast of Africa, and had to endure slavery for two years. He afterwards entered the carvice of a kind master, who placed him in a position of trust. A ship happening to call at the place where he was stationed, enquiries were made for him, and he was induced to return to England. Here he obtained command of a vessel, and subsequently married the lady who had first engaged his attention. During one of his voyages he became converted, and from that time seized every opportunity to study the Scriptures; he also learned the dead lan guages. He first determined that he wonld join the Dissenters, because he felt that he could not subscribe to the Articles of the Church of England, but, altering his mind, he applied to the Archbishop of York for ordination, bnt met with refusal Bis ministerial labors, from the time he endeavored to preach bis first ser mon in a, Dissenting meeting-house, in Leeds, and failed, to the day of his death ata npe old age, were next commented on. The lecturer having mentioned several hymns of the Kev. Mr. Newton's composition, condaded hu lec ture by repeating the lines commencing— " lives of great men all remind as. - There was a fair attendance, aad the proceedings were in terspersed with vocal and instrumental mono and reading*. 