A Voice from. Quarantine. THE SMALL-POX. These are two types of small-pox in New Zealand. That on the Hero is most virulent, aud has come from California or Honolulu. Had the authorities at Auck land exercised anything but most culpable negligence the Australian colonies would not be jeopardised. Tour authorities cannot be too strict in enforcing your Quar antine regulations. ' However disagreeable it may be to us to be pent up here, the public good must be consulted. July 9.' I Mining Registration. — It is notified that Mr. Richard Synge has bpen appointed mining registrar for the Tooloom, Pretty Gully, Lunatic, and Persever ance Gold-fields, in accordance with the Gold-fields Regulations of the 21st March, 1872. Artesian Wells. — A correspondent, writing from Wallgctt to the Maitland Menunj, says that at Lanillo station the artesian borers have tapped water at fifty-three feet. It is reported as sufficiently good for watering sheep. The Circus. — This place of amusement continues to receive a fair share of public patronage, and there will doubtless be the same support accorded as long as a programme of performances such as has , been given for some time past continues to be presented to the public. An entire change of programme takes place this evening. Ghosts ! — We give the correct narration of what a neighbouring squatter saw at Bcahula Point about twelve years ago; he was camped there with cattle — during his watch at night, the moon being bright at the time, he saw a man dressed in black coming round close to the cattle, which strange to say, took no notice of the man — he walked up to the camp fire and stood with his back to it. Our friend spoke to him, but receiving no answer, went towards him, when he figure disappeared. — Bay Standard. Coppee.; — The lessees of the various copper mines in this neighbourhood are confident that their discoveries will prove to be very valuable ; we trust their anticipations may prove to be correct. Yesterday a ton of ore, procured from the Sonthern Copper Mine, near Stony Greek, passed through town, on its way to Sydney, where the proprietors intend having it assayed. We have not seen any specimens from this mine, but are informed that the ore presents indications of great richness. — Burrowa Advocate. A Laege Egg. — We have been shown by Mr. V. Zanoli, of this place, one of the largest eggs we ever remember having seen, which was laid the other day by a fowl belonging to him — it weighed a quarter of a pound all bu-? a pennyweight. We should like very much to get hold of a few fowls of this description, as we think they would be a very desirable addition to our bachelor's establishment. Can any of our friends give us the hint where any more are to be found. — Grcnfell Record. Ltrspe Natur.23. — We have been shown by a party in town, a rather extraordinary freak of nature, in the shape of a lamb, recently taken from a ewe in the neighbourhood, which has six distinct and well developed legs, four being bind ones. The head, which is quite unlike the usual form, has one eye of an extra large size in tho centre of tho forehead ; and four cars, two on the bock of tbe head ; the month and nose being of the usual size and form. It is tho intention of the owner to send this monstrosity to Sydney with the view of having it preserved and stuffed. — Grenfcll Record. Cattle Expoetation prom Eden to Hobaet Town.— The exportation of cattle and sheep from Twofold Bay to Hohart Town is being carried on with unusual vigor at the present time. I was nither surprised to notice in the debate on' the Border Duties Convention Bill that Mr. Clarke, the member for Eden, expressed himself in favour of the collection of the duties by this colony; which would, in all probability, lead to the imposition, by Victoria, of a tax on stock- imported hence. to that colony. Our local breeders arc, surely, taxed heavily enough by the narrow- minded policy of tiie. Hobart Town Authorities. Considering that many of Mr. Clarke's constituents from below the Genoa liiver to Mauaro proper are cattle breeders and expor ters to Gippsland, it is hard to imagine how he considers such an opinion consistent with the more : important local and pecuniary interests of those who sent him to Parliament.— Correspondent Monaro Mercury. MOKE caeeless RrpiNG. — Another acci dent the result of careless riding occurred on Monday evening last, fortunately unattended with any serious results. It appears to have arisen as follows : — Mr. and Mrs. Mensor, of Woolloomooloo, accompained by their son, aged seven years, on their way to the opera, were dismounting from an omnibus at tho corner of George and King streets, and Mr. Menser had just helped his son out into the roadway, and was turning round to ) assist his wife, when a horseman suddenly turning from ; George into King-street, at a gallop, knocked the lad down, and stumbled over him. There was a thick fog prevailing at the time, and the man, whose name was ascertained to be Clifford Barden, in the employ of Mr. Herden, butcher, pled in excuse that not only had he failed to notice the boy, but had not even observed the omnibus until close upon it. Ticked up young Menser, was carried into Mr. Joseph Abrahams' fancy warehouse, in George-street, and immediately attended to by Dr. Scheutte. Fortunately a few bruises and a new suit of clothes spoiled by rolling in the mud consti tuted th« whole damage done. St. Vincent's Hospital Ball. — The annual plain and fancy dress ball, in aid of St. Vincent's Hospital, held yesterday evening in the Exhibition, was a mOBt brilliant affair, and passed off most success- j fully. The attendance was smaller than anticipated, ? numbering less than 600. The richly decorated build ing embellished with flags and evergreens, demanded great admiration. The side aisles were transformed into arbours, giving one the idea of fern-tree groves or j gardens. At half- past nine his Excellency Sir Hercules - G. R. Robinson, K.C.M.G., and suite arrived, and his ' Excellency opened the ball with Lady Murray, followed ' by Mr. Justice Fancett and Lady Bobinson, and other ; distinguished persons. Mr. Butler, the Attorney-Gene- j ral, Colonel KiohardBon, Majors EaymonS, Gerard, FitEsimmons, and many officers of the Navy and i Military Force were present. Th? gorgeous throng of handsome mA elegant toilets of the ladies dressed as princesses, fairies,! huntresses, and court ladies of every clime, mixed up j w»n BingB, cavaliers, onganus, ioois, minsireis, ope ratic characters, and every known type of the hnman family, rendered the affair a most pleasing and charm ing spectacle. Dancing was confined to the centre of the building, and was enthusiastically kept up with spirit until 3 o'clock this morning, to the mnsic of the full German hand, when the party broke up highly pleased at the agreeable and excellent management for their comfort. At midnight the company adjourned to an admirable supper, served up in the gallery, t-y M. Compagnoni ; and after his Excellency and suite had visited the supper room, they again became seated on the elegant dais erected underneath the organ, and shortly afterwards retired home. ' j MARAVXXiXiA OOOOA.-^pmionB of the Press. — ' Those who have not yet tried Maravilla will do well to do so.'— Horning Pott. ' It may justly be j called the perfection of prepared Cocoa,.'— British Medi. - col Journal. MasavillA Cocoa : The QUbe says,. 'Taylor, Brothers, Maravilla' Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, «nd supersedes every other Cocoa in j the market. Entire Bolnbility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For invalids and dyspeptics, we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage.' Homceopathic -3oooa .- This original preparation, which has attained such a world-wide repntation, is manufactured by TAYLOR, BROTHERS, under the ablest homoeo pathic advice aided by the skill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine in an eminent degree the parity, fine aroma, and nutritious property of tbe fresh nut. Soluble Chocolate, mode in one minute without boiling. The above articles are pre pared exclusively by Haylor, Brothers, the largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tin-lined packets only, by storekeepers and others all over the world Steam Mills, Brick-lane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Brages, Belgium. 