THE NEW GOSPEL OF THE . DEADENED BRAIN. ! ballabat evening mah.. ' - No, H. 5\. Its Literatuee.— The enormous mass of Spiritist publications issued from , the Americon Press within the last » twenty years in-au almost unprecedented ; lact in the annals of printing. If mere quantity of printed paper were sufficient to convert the world to a particular belief, then one half at least of the entire population ot the globe ought to be con- . firmed Spiritists by this time. Some simple-minded people are struck with the conviction that where there is so much said and written there must be a . good deal that is true. But this infe rence is ridiculuusly false. Millions of j volumes have even been printed and circulated in defence ot atheism ; but j atheism is, nevertheless, demonstrably j false. With regard to the American : deluge of Spiritist publications, the ex planation is very simple and ready at hand. The publications are a " good paying speculation," whilst the excite- ; ment about Spiritism lasts. As soon as it subsides, the publications will stop. Viewed from this point, it may safely be asserted that a more impudent literary hoax was never palmed off on a gullible public tbau is exhibited in the hulk of these same Spiritist books, pamphlets, and periodicals. More shameless speci mens of mercenary bookmaking were never published, id any country, or at any time. The same assertion may also be made of the mass of English Spiritist publications. The few stray pamphlets of like character issued in this colony are of too despicable a character to be separately noticed. 6\. The Authors of the Literature. — The authors and compilers of this vast -mass of Spiritist literature are, for the most part, mercenary impostors of the very lowest class. Their ignorance of literature, science, philosophy, and all branches of liberal learning, is only equalled by their blasphemous audacity in pretending to be the mediums of a new divine revelation. Myriads' of the' books which contain so-called "revelations from the Spirits," are exactly such irra tional and unconnected trash as is talked any day by the hour together, within the precincts of the Yarra Bend Asylum. It. plainly argues a tendency . to insanity, both in those who write this trash, and in those who read it as a revelation. The voluminous works of Andrew Jack son Davis, for example — and he is looked upon as the ereat oronhet of the new gospel— are for the most part a heap of is nohsensical /ruh'bisn ' as ever was printed. Anotlier large section of .them consists of ."the few old notions the "seer" started with worked up again in different forms. And a third section is Jlilfered bodily from other " seers." To set such writings beside books of the Stamp of Newton's " Principia," Bacon's writings generally, Sir John Herschel's 'I Preliminary Discourse," or' Mrs So- merville's " Connection of tlie Physical Sciences," is exactly like placing the burlesque of Mr Henry Byron beside the matchless tragedies of Shakspeare. But, jnst as there are crowds of people who doat on Mr Byron's burlesques and dis like Shakspeare's tragedies, so there are crowds of people who doat on the inflated rubbish of Mr Andrew Jackson Davis, and who laugh idiotically — with a cry of "Who was he?" — at the mention of the names of Newton, Bacon, Herschel, or of Mrs Somerville. Where ignorance is total, and strongly believes in itself, there is no limit of blind stupidity, or of lunatic folly, to which it will not go. It is but fair to add that one or two of the Spiritist writers are men of respectable character and unimpeachable motives. William Howitt, in England, and Robert Dale Owen, in America, may be men tioned in this class. But even their books on the subject are merely compila tions of ancient and modern ghost stories borrowed from all quarters. Neither of them is able to show the slightest real connection between the old ghost story and the new Spiritism. On the other hand, the strongest language of reprobation is justly due to the writings of such men as J. S. Peebles, Joel Tiffany, Hudson Tuttle, D. D. Home, S. B. Brittan, and it may be added of Mrs Emma Hardinge. Con sidered as literary productions they are beneath contempt.The ignorance of all true science and sound philosophy dis played in them 'is astonishing. As a whole, they may be characterised as audacious literary forgeries. And yet the writers of such books claim to be the revealers of a new gospel, which sets Christianity aside as an old and worn- out superstition! Perhaps the whole world has never yet witnessed — ont of the walls of a lunatic asylum — a more daring, or a more monstrous piece of deliberate blasphemy than the spectacle of the author of the " Seers of the Ages" — a trashy jnmble of most amusing ignorance and wholesale literary theft — author natively deciding on the claims of the Divine Founder of Christianity to credibility, and ruling that, on the whole, He was but a Jewish peasant, vastly less enlightened, and not by many degrees so truly inspired, as Mr J. S. Peebles, the ignorant and shameless literary plagiarist, himself ! 7\. The New Gospel a " Prigged" Gospel. — The word " prigging" has be come cin8sical English to indicate whole sale p-.ity theft. It is exactly the word that rightly describes the true character of this new gospel. As was said before, there is nothing at all new in it,— except ing the imposture, the literary forgery and the falsehood ; and even these are but servile copies of many ancient and modern examples. That tables move in a strange way under certain conditions, is true enough : the fact is as old as the invention of wooden tables. And that certain persons when in a trance-like or magnetic state, speak and write in a anrious way, is also true ; and this fact, too, is as old as the human race. These two facts are the sole basis of Spiritism, —and they are both stolen from an tiquity. Every separate brick, so to speak, in the edifice built on these two facts, is aimilariy stolen. That there are invisi ble spirits who converse with human being.- ; that these spirits make their communications through females (chiefly) in a trance-like or magnetic state ; that they rap tables ; that they deaden the brain of the medium ; that they reveal a life beyond the grave ; that they live in successive spheres in the invisible world ; that the mediums sometimes float in the air ; that the spirits play on musical in struments without visible hands ; and all the other alleged facts of the new gospel are stolen .piecemeal from ancient pagan systems, or sometimes from the Bible it self. The very phrases nsed in the Spiritist books, — as " summerland," the "spheres," and so forth, — are all prigged. The barronness of ideas evi denced in those books is no less astonish ing than the gross ignorance of the writers. Even respectable writers like William Howitt and Robert Dale Owen fall into the delusion that they are reveal- ing wonderfully new facts and doctrines, when in reality they are merely hatching together medleys of ghost stories gathered from all quarters. So, also, " J.S." in his recent letters in the Argus, gravely propounded, as divine revelations made expressly to himself, a series of crude and fanciful notions touching man's origin and destiny, which were simply prigged from books in common use amongst men whose range of reading extends beyond the new novels. Take it all round (as the Americans say), and the really amazing thing about the new gospel is the coolness with which a heap . of scraps stolen from most familiar sources are held up to the world as bran- new, and even heavenly, revelations. Joe Smith's " Book of Mormon," impu dently stolen from Spalding's novel, was hut a ioke to the feats of the Spiritists in literaryplagiarism, forgery, and fraud. S. The "Deadened-brain" Argument. — When this exposure of wholesale prigging is exhibited to the Spiritists, they turn round on the exhibitor, and coolly declare that they never claimed originality for their new Gospel — that the long- continued and universal belief in its two maiu doctrines is proof on their side — and that, if those doctrines are prigged, all who believe them, whether Spiritists or not, are equally guilty of prigging ! This, now, is exactly as if the pickpocket, just caught in the fact, were to tax the policeman who takes charge of the pilfered purse he finds in the pickpocket's very hand, with stealing the purse from him ! There is a trne touch of the deadened brain in this style of retort. Those who make it do not see (until afterwards) that they are laying themselves open to this terrible and crushing reply : — " Yes, I believe in the immortality of the soul, the future state, the ministry of angels, and all other such doctrines as they are revealed in the New Testament. But I openly and honestly acknowledge the ground and source of my belief, and claim no merit for believing. I do not go about the world proclaiming these old doctrines as a new revelation specially made to my self. I do not mix them up with a heap of antiquated and exploded superstitions stolen from many qnarters, which stolen scraps of antiquity I also claim to be divine revelations to mTself. I do not set myself up as a seer and a prophet, divinely inspired, on the strength of a bundle of old notions pilfered from printed books. I do not indulge in blasphemous depreciation of the Book in which the great doctrine of immortality was first clearly recorded, or of the Divine Personage by whom it was first revealed. I do not mix up this awful and solemn doctrine with trumpery ghost stories, also pilfered from books, or invented for the purpose of menda cious impostors ; nor with silly narra tives about tables rapped, and prigged half-crowns dropped by invisible hands. I do not go about lecturing, with the sordid design of making money by spreading this transparent humbug ; neither do I write books and pamphlets on it, to suit the excited popular taste, and at the same time to put money in my pocket. I do hot traffic on popular ignorance, nor pander to popular credulity. Were I to do all this, I should stand in my own estimation, and in that of all honest men, as a mere mercenary humbug, a heartless charlatan, a sordid cheat, capable of the infamy of turning a penny by un settling the faith in the Gospel of Salva tion, deranging the intellect, and possibly blasting for ever the peace of mind, of numbers of those who heard and paid me !" 