TUESDAY, DBCEMBER 3, 1872. Melbourne is suffering from a great want. It needs councillors with noses in good working order—sentient organs that can be appealed to by something less fragrant than assafoetids, less appe- tising than a Swanston-street gutter. We fear that tlio taste of our civic func- tionaries in the matter of stinks has been vitiated by over indulgence. They haveimpairedtheir sense of smell by con- stantly partaking of the rich feasts -which they take such delight in preparing at every turn, and now their nasal organs, pampered and enervated by a long course of foetid dissipation, require to be pro- vided day by day with ranker and yet more pungent odours to titillate their falling powers. For some time the fathers of the city were content with the right of poisoning the atmosphere for miles by means of a manure depot in the neighbourhood of the Royal-park. After a time, however, the inhabitants of Hotham, who are thorough protectionists in the matter of smells, objected to take any more of the imported article, and this nuisance was done away with. The council then turned its attention to Frince's-park, and, by judicious manage- ment, succeeded in developing the smell producing capabilities of that reserve to the utmost. Theinhabitantsof Brunswick complained, and those whoso business called them into town daily declared that they were sickened by the effluvium. But they might as well have saved themselves the trouble. The civic gentlemen with the " blase" noses made an inspection, and declared, with one accord, that the air in tke neighbourhood of their iiight-solloperations waa "assweet " as a niit." lo fact, we have no doubt that liad thoy been pressed tlioy would have declared that the delicately scented breezes of Araby tho blest woro not to be comparod with it for mingled purity and sweetness. It thus became evident that the noses of the Bruns wickers were raw-totally unaccustomed to rich living. Perhaps, however, they have become better educated by this time, for although we can testify to the existence of a very powerful aroma along the Sydney-road In certain states of the "weather, we have not heard of any more complaints being made. We imagine that the monopoly en joyed by the north end of the city of all the stinks directly manufactured hy the corporation must havo excited tbe jealousy of the representatives of the southern wards. This probably led to the establishment of the monster muck heap by Princo's-bridgo, which lias been found to answer its purpose admirably, giving off a fine, rich, full-flavoured smell, well calcu- lated to gladden the heart of au alder- man, and revive the recollections of those happy days when his taste was still f reßh and unsophisticated, The two extremities of the city being thus pro- vided for, it only remained to select a central spot for the propagation of foul odours, miasmata, disease, and death, in order to make the arrange monts complete and a credit to the town. The Health Committee, as it is facetiously called, or whatever other body is charged with the duty of poisoning the citizens, was not long In fixing on a site. Carl'ton-gardons seemed in every way eligible. They aro surrounded on all hands by houses, and form the playground of hun- dreds of children. So after endur- ing every other species of ill-treat mpnt, this long suffering reserve was subjected to the crowning indignity of being converted into a receptacle for all the muck of Melbourne. The conse- quences were soon visible. The fre- quenters of the gardens were met lu their -walks by carts laden with liquid filth, and had to hold their untrained noses as these vehicles passed by, drip- ping and scattering some of their un- clean burden at every step. Mounds began to riBe in various directions, com- posed of all the putrid refuse of a thousand households. The stench from these at last became so bad that they were covered with earth, as a small concession to what doubtless was looked on by our civic friends as an unreasoning clamour. This was productive of some good, hut still the drainage from the heap flows over the adjacent ground and taints the air all around. But the finishing touch has been put to the whole operation within the last few weeks. The great unseen authority which directs these mattera must have come to the conclusion that the time had arrived when muck "no more " should rest in mounded heaps," and directions were accordingly given that it should be spread broadcast over the great central enclosure. This has been, and is now being done. Anyone wishing to Inspect that proud monument of corporate taste, tho city fountain, would have to make MB way through a circle of smells so powerful that, like the darkness which fell on the land of Egypt, they can almost he felt. There, exposed to the effects of sun and rain, lie loads upon loads of household waste-putrid animal matter, decaying vegetables, filthy rags, and a noisome collection of miscella- neous nastlness. No doubt we shall be told that all this is to be dug in as manure ; in which case we can only say that it should be done at once, without walting for a pestilence to arise. AmongBt the sundries awaiting inter- ment, we notice old frying-pans, broken saucepans, ifcc, Now, we have never heard of frying-pans being used as fertilising agents, and must confess that we doubt their value as manure. Can it be that all the corporation grounds have been manured with frying-panBÎ because in that case it would be easy to account for the want of success which has attended the civic efforts in the horticultural line. But as Mr. Serjeant BVZFXJZ said, " It is difficult to " smile with an aching heart." And no doubt had it occurred to him, he would have admitted thatitia equally difficult to joke with an outragod nose. Merriment is out of place while that loathsome reeking mass of corruption we have alluded to lies unburied in the centre of the town. We respectfully submit to the mem- bers of the corporation that they have no right to indulge in their peculiar luxuries at the expense of their consti- tuents. If they admire pestilential smells, we do not. Their highly-sea- soned meat is our poison. If they cannot deny themselves iu this parti cular, it is their duty to resign, and make way for others with " organs, " dimensions, senses, affections, pas- sions," more akin to those possessed by ordinary people. We cannot doubt that the present councillors as a body either love foul odours or are so used to them as to be unable to detect their existence. Whenever people declare that a nuisance is being created by the pre- sent system of dealing with the city refuse, they are invariably told that they do not know what they are talking about, and that the nuisance only exists in their own imaginations, Our civic representatives may think this a very effective way of getting rid of incon- venient complaints, but they may go on denying facts until doomsday without converting people to their way of think- ing. We contend that the present method of disposing of the contents of the scavengers' carts is a disgrace to our civilisation. The City Council is also the local hoard of health, and it is in- tolerable that it should be allowed to spread disease when its duty is to pre- vent it. "We invite the attention of the Central Board of Health to the state of Carlton-gardenB, and call upon it to exercise its authority in this and all other instances where the sanitary con- dition of the city is being trifled with. The rejection of the amendment attempted to be made in the 9th clause of the Education Bill by Mr. T. T. A'BECKETT, in the Legislative Council, with a view to give tbe head or the authorised representative of each of the religious denominations a voice in the application of funds arising from the sale or letting of lands held in trust for Echool purposes, is undoubtedly a matter for congratulation. There was some- thing very Buspicious in the zeal and persistency with which the two gentle- men who are more particularly identi- fied with the prelacy in this colony attempted to carry their object. One of these gentlemen drew an affecting picture of the terrible consequences which had resulted from the misconduct of au unmanageable trustee ; but neither Mr. O'SHANASBY nor Mr. A'BECKETT seemed to be at all alive to the fact that if the head of their respective churches, or of any other religious denomination, were entrusted with the power Bought to be conferred upon them, the proceeds of the sale of Behool lands lu one district might be appropriated to denomina- tional purpoBeB in a locality Bituated at the other end of the colony. We think, therefore, that the Uppor House exer- cised a sound discretion in refusing to amend the 9th clause in the direction indicated ; and we hope that the trus- tees of Behool lands generally will ba found to concur in opinion with Mr. LYON, whoBe letter we published yester- day, that "the trustees of that body " would indeed be Insensible to their " duties were they to refuse the liberal ."proposal of the Government, and <' noglect to merge their denomlna « tional schools In those of the state." There can be no difficulty In arriv- ing at an agreement as to the nature and amount of the secular in- struction to be communicated in the latter; and as to the religious teaching, the ministers of the various persuasions may surely come to some amicable arrangement for occupying the school buildings on certain evenings in the week. "Little children," as wo all know, constitute the especial care of the p'¿rgy, and this is so fully recognised ^/tbe Church of England that, when it bestows the authority of a deacon upon its future ministers, the bishop ex- pressly enjoins those who are ordained "to instruct the youth in the " Catechism ? while, in the rubric of that doctrinal abstract, which has been always held to be the simplest and most efficacious medium for the conveyance to the young of the truths and duties of the Christian religion, we find the fol- lowing mandatory paragraph :-" The " ourate of every parish shall diligently " upon Sundays and holy days, " after the second lesson at even " ing prayer, openly in the church " Instruct and examine so many " children of his parish sent unto " him as he shall think convenient, in "some part of the Catechism." How far this very explicit injunction is obeyed by those who, both when being ordered as deacons, and when " receiving the " Holy Ghost" as priests, solemnly pro- mise to be diligent in teaching the people committed to their cure and charge; Is a point upon which we do not profess to be well-informed. But, doubtless, everyone of the clerical mem- bers of the Church Assembly complies with the rubric, and instructs the chil- dren of his flock every Sunday evening in the articles of his belief, the Ten Commandments, his duty towards God and his neighbour, the Lord's Prayer, and the nature and effect of the two sacraments held by the church to be " necessary to salvation." If so,a purely secular education upon week days may be regarded with diminished misgivings by Dr. PERBY and the clergy of his Church. Tbo business to be transacted in the Legislative Conncil at to day's sitting ia not of a very interesting character. It is not ex. pected that the Council will agree with the Assembly on the Fencing Bill, and all the other matters down for consideration are of minor importance In the Legislative Assem- bly business of great moment has to be brought forward. There are the amend- ments made by the Council in the Education Bill to be taken into consideration, and besides this the question will arise, both both on this measure and on the Disoases in Stock Bill, whethor one branch of the Legislature shall have power, without the concurrence of the other, to disallow the regulations made under the several acts by the Governor in Council. The Chief Secretary, in the Assembly, will also move for tbe appointment of a committee to prepare an address to His Excellency the Governor apon the occasion of his leaving the colony. We understand that Sir Francis Murphy bas resolved vigorously to prosecuto his can- didature for the North Eastern Province. He left yesterday for Seymour and tho Ovens District. It was decided in the Supreme Court yesterday, in the appeal brought by Frederick Purcell against the decision of Mr. Kimmo, of Emerald-hill, sentencing bim to a whipping for indecent exposure, that one justice had no power to order such punishment. By section 86 of the Police Offences Statute one justice can adjudicate upon such an offence. The Criminal Law and Prac- tice Statute, section 296, gives the Court before whom a person ia convicted for certain offences, power to order a whipping. A subsequent act extends this power to offences under section 36 of the Police Offences Statute, and then proceeds to enact that for the word "court" the word " justices" shal be read. It was contended for the respon- dent that "justices" meant either one justice or more than one, according to the number that adjudicated upon a case. Bat the Court was of opinion that the Legislature did not intend to give the power of whipping to ono justice, and abashed the conviction. A decision of somo interest to auctioneers was given in the Supreme Court yesterday io Ecroyd and others v. Davis. Gemmell,Tuckett, and Co. advertised for sale by auction some land at St. Kilda. The auction was held, and Mr. Peter Davis was declared the highest biddor, but when he went to the desk he made some objections about signing the contract of sale. There was a conflict of evidence as to what occurred, bnt there was no doubt that Mr. Davis refused to sign the agreement, and declared the salo off. Some negotiations followed, but they onded in the action being brought. To maintain the action, it was necessary for plaintiffs to show that the de- fendant-, or some one on his behalf, had signed a contract of sale. That Mr. Davis did not sign one admitted of no doubt, but it waa attempted to over- come tho difficulty by tbe auctioneer signing for him. It was contended for the defendant that the auctioneer had no autho- rity to sign, his agency having been revoked For the plaintiffs, it was urged that a bid at an auction having been accoptod, the auc- tioneer was constituted the agent for the bidder, and the authority to him to act could not be revoked. The Court hold that tbo authority could b3 revoked until the agree ^ dent was signed, and therefore gave jadg ruent for the defendant. In the case of Thwling v. The North Cor- nish Company, an action for malicious pro- secution, the Saprome Court decided yesterday that the action could not "be maintained Tburlicg was prosecuted by the directors on behalf of the company for conspiring with another person, by false reports, to depreciate 'the valuo of shares in the company. Tho prosecution was not suc- cessful, and Thurling then instituted pro- ceedings to recover damages. The Court hold, however, that the directors had no authority to act for the company in that way; it was not the company's property that was the subject of the prosecution, but the interests of the shareholders, which were distinct from ' those of the company. The directors having no authority to bind the company, of course the company was not liable, although the directors might bo individually responsible. Judgment was therefore given for de fondants. At the meeting of the Royal Society last , evening, the work of five exhibitors was ? described. Attention was drawn, among other things, to specimens of Australian rubber, which it seemed can bu made from, tho Moreton Bay fig-tree. A papor of Mrs. Timbrell's recommended the nso of the Japan silkworm for the production of silk, and showed that from 648 to 774 yards of silk could be obtained from a bingle cocoon. There was a very good attendance at the Exhibition yesterday, the visitors in all numbering 1,296, of whom 290 wore season ticket holders. Döring tho morning Mr. V. L. King, Mr. Maytum, and Mr, Sommers gave selections on tho organ, and in the evening tbe band of the Collingwood Rifles performed a variety of quadrilles and other music. A commencement has been made with the packing of goods intended for the London and Vienna Exhi- bitions, but there will be no alteration in the Exhibition here, as articles of all descriptions intended for the London Exhibition were duplicated, one sample being for transmission home, and the other for show here. The one set of samples will therefore be retained, and the other sent off towards the closo of this month, to be in time for the arrangement for the London Exhibition, to be held in May next. The goods intended for Vienna have not been shown hero ; there- fore no difference can be made on their account. The judges of the various sec- tions are making good progress ia their duties, and the awards ia the wool, beer, preserved meat, and some other sections, have been decided upon. The adjourned inquiry by the Steam Navi- gation Board into the charge of drunkenness preforred against John TJndorhilI, first mate of the Glaslyn, was resumed and concluded yesterday. The members of the board present were Captain Payne (chairman), and Messrs. Sutherland and Freyer. The specific charge against the mate was that he was drunk on the 12th November when the vessel ontered tbo Heads and was boarded by the pilot. Several of the seamen and Pilot Bowor gave evidence on the 25th ult. to the effect that the mate was intoxicated on that occasion, but their statements were flatly contradicted by the steward. The only witness examined yesterday was Mr. John Spence, of the firm of Spence Brothers, the owners of the vessel, who stated that his brother had written to him that the mate was in charge of the vessel. He had seen the mate on the evening of the day on which the vessel arrived, and he was thon Bober. Shortly after tho vessel came to the wharf Captain Rimmor brought the papers to the officer, and then complained that the mate had refused to hoist the signals in obedience to orders when the pilot came on board, About half an hoar after, the pilot came to the office, and made a simitar com- plaint, and said that the mate had used bad language to him. Mr. Spence did not remember the pilot charging the mate with drunkennness. Mr. Albert Bead defended the mate, and urged that, supposing the charge to bo true the pilot was guilty of dereliction of duty in not having at once reported it. He also contended that a case had not been made out, and that but for the proceedings against the captain nothing would have been heard of it The board, after some con- sideration, decided that the charge had not been satisfactorily sustained, and returned the mate his certificate. Representatives of the city and suburban town and borough councils met yesterday, at the Town-hall, in accordance with Mr. Casey's suggestion, to consider what stops should be taken to conserve the public reserves and recreation grounds of Melbourne. Alderman J. T. Smith was in tho chair. There were 11 councils represented. The conference, apparently, had but a vague idea of what they wished to decide. A great deal of irrelevant discussion took place, and several motions were made and withdrawn, but ultimately a resolution was carried, to the effect that the Botanical-gar- dens, Government-house domain, Albert park, Fitzroy-gardens, Treasury-gardens, Parliament House Gardens, Yarra park, and Flagstaff-gardens, should be vested by grant in the Board of Lands and Works, and should be formed and maintained out of the consolidated revenue. All other park reserves within the boundary of any of the towns or boroughs around Melbourne should, it was resolved, be vested by grant in the council of the town or borough within which the land was situated. The chairman considered the adoption of this resolution as very hard upon the City Council, and moved that Fawkner ptirk, Prince's-park, and the Carlton-gardens should be vested in that body, and that the Government should contribate one-half of the expense of forming and maintaining these reserves. ~ At this stage the conference determined to adjourn fora week, as it was suggested that the proposal just made required deliberation. It transpired that the total area of the parks, gardens, and recreation reserves of Melbourne and its suburbs was 3,568 acres. Tbe first conversazione of the members and friends of the Society for the Promotion of Morality was held lost evening, at the rooms of the Young Men's Christian Association, Collins-street, the bishop of Melbourne presiding. After refreshments, the president called upon the secretary to read the report for the year 1871-2, the third of the society's existence. The report stated that through" the action of the society a company had been launched on the limited liability principle for the establish- ment of model lodginghouses. An excellent sito had been granted by the Government, and a building was now in progress, which would receive 200 single men. On its completion it was ia contemplation to erect also model lodginghouses for women. The home, or "retreat," opened lost year for the reception at all hours of such fallen women as desired to change their un- happy mode of life, had been handed over to an independent committee, and had achieved in their hands a large and gratifying measure of success. No less than G2 of the inmates bad left the institution, having, for tbe most part, found situations, or been restored to their friends. Of a large number of these good reports had been received, and in some six or eight cases only were any known to h ave fallen back into their old courses. The society had assisted in the initiation of a Prisoner's Aid Society, which was now fully organised. Endeavours had been made to raise the tone of feeling in the community in reference to the heinousness of the sin of seduction-many heartless instances of that crime having been before the courts. In- sertion was readily given by the several daily journals to a short resolution adopted by the society with this object; and a valuable paper, prepared at the instance of the society on the subject by ono of its members, was about to issue in pamphlet form. Tbo report was unanimously adopted, and tho acting minute secretary, the Bov. Mr. Strongman, was requested to accept that office for the ensuing year. Varions topics connected with the society's past and future work were then discussed until the meeting broke up at 10 p.m. The proposal to transfer a portion of tbe Glenelg shire to the shiro of Wannon was argued before the Commissioner of Railways and Roads yesterday. Mr. Macpherson, M.L.A., introduced representatives of the council of Glenelg and of the ratepayers in the disaffected district. The number of rate- payers who had petitioned for the severance was between four and five times as many as the number who wished to remain in tho Glenelg shire. Of course there wore, according to the ctatements of the minority, tho usual proportion who had Bigned the first potition under a misapprehension, and would not have done it if they had known what it was about. But the counter petition bore the signature of a man who, it was said, not only could not write, but had already put his cross upon the first petition. When the shire of Wannon was formed, about l8 months ago, out of the Dundas shire, an attempt was made to add the portion of Glenelg now applied for, bnt tho commis- sioner could not cut pieces off two different shires at the same time. Since then uo works had been carried out in the disaffected portion of the Glenelg shire, for the shire council thought it injudicious to spend money on an area which might bo cut off from their con- trol, Mr. Gillies said that he felt bound to carry out the wishes of the largo majority of the ratepayers. Ii the shire council had lately executed important works in the locality and the ratepayers were seeking to escape their fair proportion of the burden, he would refuse the request ; but such was not the case. The severance would be allowed. A meeting of the Victorian Instituto of Architects was held yesterday, Mr. Reed, pre- sident, in the chair, to consider several matters of importance to the association, With regard to the question of competition for designs of puhlio buildings, a letter was read from the Public Works Department stating that such works as the Government thought desirable wonld be thrown open to public competition. This was not considered satisfactory to the institute, and it was decided that a deputation should wait on the Commissioner of Public Works on the sub- ject. The Contractors' Lion Bill, now before the Legislative Assembly, was -discussed, and it was resolved that a petition against it shonld bo presented to both Honses of Parliament. A design for the diploma of membership was exhibited and adopted, and ordered to bo lithographed. A cb argo of unprofessional conduct was brought against a member of the institute, and the bon. secretary was instructed to write to him requiring him to attend an early meeting to show causo why he should not bo struck off the roll of members. A movement has been started within the last few months by "jomo practical gentlemen in East Collingwood, among the number being the late mayor of the borough, Mr. Joel Eade, having for its object the encouragement of the training of youths employed in various manual trades into skilled workmen. With this view an Artisans' School of Works has been established, and has been in operation about six months. About 20 lads have joined it, and satisfactory progress has been made. Tho boys are encouraged to work at their trades at home, and to make by their own labour articles manufactured by their trade. They obtain their own ma- terials, but any slight expenses are borne by the committee of the school. At the present time one boy is engaged in making a marble clock-case, another a mantelpiece, a third a miniature chest of drawers, and another, ap- prenticed to a coppersmith, a still, and so on. It is the intention of the committee to shortly hold a local exhibition, at which the articles made by these lads shall bo shown, so that the practical utility of the school may be brought more clearly under the public notice. When the schome is more fully matured it is anticipated that a grant of land may be obtained on which a building may be.'erected for a workshop, where the boys can meet together and work in company. Professor M'Coy and Mr. Vale have manifested their interest in the experi- ment. A meeting of the school was to have been held yesterday evening in the East Collingwood Court-house, to receive roports from the lads of the progress they bad made in their works, with the view of drawing up a report of the school for the last six months. Many of the lads, however, had not seen tho notice, and the attendance was so small that the meeting had to be postponed. The settling on the Bondigo races was proceeded with very briskly yesterday, both at the Bazaar in the morning and at Tatter sail's room in the evening. A good deal of double-event betting was done on the Ballarat Cup and Handicap, For the former event The Ace was much fancied, and late in the day a commission was executed to back him for all the money that could be obtained to win both races. His price for the double event was run up to 100 to 10. The Ace was also frequently taken with Patriarch, Lady Clifden, Barbolle, and Misty Morn for the Handicap. Patriarch was also much fancied for the Cup, and a good deal of double-event betting done, the price being 100 to 4. The other events have not been speculated upon yet. A meeting of the Melbourne Regatta Com- mittee was held at the Port Phillip Club Hotellast night. Only five members attended. Mr. J. Grice occupied the chair. The principal business was to arrange a plan for choosing the crew to compete with the Sydney crew in the intercolonial gig race. As there were so few present the business was not gone intoi and the meeting adjourned until the evening of the 10th inst. The final heat between the Warehousemen's crews for the President's Cup took place yesterday afternoon on the Upper Yarro. The competing crews were Messrs. Paterson, Ray, and Palmer's, the present holders of the cup, consisting of Morrison, Ward, «Donovan, and Shier (stroke), who took the south side ; and Messrs. M'Naughton, Love, and Co's, consisting of Stillwell, Seymour, Martin, and J. Watson (stroke), the north Bide. Tho race was over the usual regatta course, and the start was made a few minutes before G. M'Naughton's sprang off with the lead, and kept slightly ahead in tho first reach, but their opponents then managed to creep up to thom, and as far as Brander's ferry the boats wero well together. Then, however, M'Naughton's put on a spurt, increased their lead, and came in winners easily by several lengths, The cup has therefore beon wrested from the former holders, and passes for a time into the keeping of the representatives of M'Naughton, Love, and Co. The loaing boat-the Pearl has a history attached to it, although it was not victorious on this occasion. The Senior Gig Race in the last regatta was won in this boat, and the University crew were success- ful in her in the last contest at Sydney. The winning crew in this race rowed ia the Countess, another of Edwards's crack gigs. The gallery boys have proved such an annoyance to the managomentof the Theatre Royal that Mr. Coppin, at the City Court yesterday, said they would have to shut the gallery up for the protection of the rest of the house if the offenders were not made to behave themselves. Tbe fine of 20s. imposed by tho Bench on Saturday on one of the gallery boys did not have any effect, and Mr. Coppin said that he hoped the Bench would make examples of tho offenders who might be brought before thom in fature, as it was intended to arrest the rowdy boys and young men in the gallery every night, if possible. A youth named John Brown, aliaa Hayes, was arrested on Saturday night. He was with several others behaving very badly, spitting on the people below, pelting them with fruit, and making such a noise that the performance was almost stopped. His companions got away. Mr. Coppin, remarking upon the frequency of disorderly conduct in the gallery, said he regretted that on one occasion two of the worst disturbers were women. Many respect- able people could not afford to go to any other part of the house, and they were much annoyed by this behaviour on the part of the disorderly visitors. The Bench fined theyonng man 40s., or two months' imprisonment, with hard labour, and intimated that other offenders would be more severely treated. It is said that in some London theatres the front seats of the gallery ore reserved for shilling peoplo, and that the soots behind theso are divided from them by a wire netting. The " gods " can seo perfectly well through this wire not, but cannot throw anything into the lower part of the house. A boy named John Schultz, who was seen firing stones with a "shanghai" in the Fitzroy-gardens, was, at the City Court yesterday, fined 20s., or seven days' imprison- ment. Two young sparrows, recently killed, were found in his possession ; and Mr. Bickford stated that if boys were not prevented from using shanghais in the public reserves, it would be useless to attempt to acclimatise imported soDg hirds. The woman, Ellen Orr, who was so severely beaten on the 26th ult. by a man with whom ebo was living, named James Martin, that she bad to remain some time in the Melbourne Hospital, appeared at the City Court yesterday and begged off Martin, Baying that the assault was caused by both of them drinking. He was always very kind to her, and she consi- dered that she had provoked the assault by her drunkenness. Martin, a powerfully-built man, who is said to have fought for two hours with Tom Sayers, the once famous pugilist, said ho was sorry for his violence and would not repeat it. The Bench severely lectured bim on the cowardliness of using his strength to beat a woman in the frightful manner he had dono, and bound him over in his own recognisance to keep the peace for six months. Ellen A. Francis, a rather good-looking young woman, was charged at the City Court yesterday with insulting behaviour. She was on Saturday evening slightly under the influence of drink, running after a man in front of the Town-hall, and when he got away she began to caper about the footpath, to the inconvenionce of more staid foot passengers. The police said she had only lately arrivod from Hobart Town. When spoken to by the Bench, the girl, who seemed very much ashamed of herself, began to cry. She was cautioned and discharged. Another helpless immigrant was brought under tho notice of the City Bench yesterday in the person of Peter Crain, an old man, who was found in the street on Sunday night in a fit, and was taken to the hospital, whence he was conveyed to the lockup. He told the constable that ho had been two days without food, and the constable said that the man seemed "simple," and used to sit on door- steps all day without making any effort even to beg. Crain said he carno from the Bulla district, in New Zealand, where he left an asylum or hospital of his own accord about three months ago, and had been at M'Ivor until the last week or two. The Bench directed him to be taken to the Immigrants' Home. Persons in the coal trade who are obliged to leave large stacks of coal on the-wharf in a comparatively unprotected state complain that they are continually robbed. At the City Court on Saturday a member ef a firm in the trade said that as much as 100 tons were stolen in the course of a year. A young man named George Civil!, who was found close to some coal sacks with a little bag containing coal, apparently picked out of the larger sacks, was accused of stealing the fuel yesterday, but as the evidence was not conclusive, he was discharged. It was statod for the defence that he was a respectahlo hawker. Mr. Sturt, P.M., recommended the police, when they had a case in which the identification of the coal was the only difficulty, to charge the suspected person with being in a public placo with felonious intent. The residents of Alphington suffer au intolerable nuisance from the number of juvenile and other would-be sportsmen with dogs and guns, who inundate that locality on Sundays. The assistance of the police having been ' applied for, William Tweedy and Robert Spencer were charged before Mr. Strutt, P.M., on Monday, at Heidelberg, with having on Sunday, November 24th, at Alphington, unlawfully carried firoarms, contrary to the 30th section of the Police Offences Statute, which enacts "that if any person is found shooting for pleasure, sport, or profit of any kind on Sunday, or is found unlawfully carrying firearmB on that day, he shall forfeit a penalty of not more than £5, or less than 40s." The defendants were found by the police on Sunday shooting birds, but when apprehended the gun was in Tweedy's possession, and he was fined 40s. and 2s. Cd. costs, with an intimation that on a repetition of the offence he would be ¿ned £5. Spencer was discharged. A fatal accident happened on Friday off the Sandridge-road. A boy named Wm. Gibson, aged eight years, living at Emerald-hill, went with others to bathe in a waterhole off that road, and tbey all bathed in shillow water ; but the deceased said he would go to a water. hole called the " bog hole." The others tried to dissuade him, but he said he could swim and would go. He went into the hole, and getting out of his depth, sank. He rose three times, and the other boys tried to get him out, but could .not, and tho deceased was | drowned. His body was recovered late in the afternoon in 6ft. of water.' At an inquest held by Dr, Youl yesterday, a verdict of accidentally drowned was returned. James Hayes, a boy of 14, whose parents could not keep him at homo because he per- sisted in running away to join former companions at Collingwood, was, at the Prahran Court yesterday, sent to the training ship ior one year. In order that he might not be entirely a burden on the country, his parents were ordered to pay 7s. a week towards his support. Several common lodginghouse keepers wore fined at the instance of Mr. Martin Evans, corporation inspector, who summoned them to the District Court yesterday, for breaches of the bye-lawB. Two nightmen, who had deposited nightsoil on the bank of the Yarra, in Richmond-paddock, because the road to the manure depot was very bad, were fined £5 each. The annual meeting of the Prahran Li censing'Bench was held yesterday, the magis- trates being Mr. Templeton, P.M., and Messrs. Patterson and Lewis, J.P.'s. No less than 43 publicans' licences were granted, nearly all being renewals, in addition to a large number of colonial wine and grocers' licences. The application of Joseph Edwards, for a licence for a house at the corner of High-street and York-street, was struck out, the Bench having no jurisdiction in consequence of a licence having been refused for the same house within six months. An application for a licence for the Prince of Wales Hotel, Chapel- street, South Yarra, was postponed to allow time for making repairs. At tho District Court yostorday T. Appert was fined '¿s. Gd., with 2s, Gd. costs, for travelling on the Melbourno and Hobson's Bay Railway line without a ticket. He got a return ticket at Melbourne and went to Richmond, at which station the tioket was clipped and returned to him. He did not come back by the train, however, but by car, and later in the day, when ho was going to Richmond again, ho thought he might use the same ticket, as he had only taken one trip on it. James Walsh, for travelling in a first-class carriage with a Eecond-closs ticket, was fined 5s., with 15s. costB. He said there was no room in the second-class carriages, and he was put into a first-class one by the guard, Mr. Call, P.M., said the company ought to have the tickets examined before the train started. Tho Rev. P. S. Monzies lost night re delivered his lecture on "The Poetry of Religion" at the Lonsdalo-street Wesley Church, tho proceeds being devoted to the fund of the Sabbath School. Tho Rev. W. A. Quick, the resident ministor, presided, and there were about 150 persons present. The Rev. W. Kelly, S.J., lectured on "Tho Queens of Henry VIII." in the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald-hill, lost night bofore a crowded audience. He professed to assume the rule of a rigidly impartial critic ; but though his remarks wero characterised by great apparent bonlwmie aud good humour, tho charactor of poor old Harry the Eighth has perhaps never before been shown to bo so utterly and irredeemably vicious and con- temptible. The lecture was in aid of the funds of tho SS. Peter and Paul's (Roman Catholic) Church circulating library. Mr. Rowan occupied the chair. A grand cricket match will bo commenced on the Melbourne Cricket-ground on Satur- day next, between tho Melbourne and East Melbourne cricket clubs, for the benefit of the veteran cricketer, Mr. T. W. Wills. Both clubs havo commenced practice for the match, the following l8 having been selected to practice together on the East Melbourne ground on Wednesday and Friday afternoons at half-past 4 p.m. From this l8 the 11 to represent East Melbourne will be finally selected on Friday evening-Messrs. Allee, Boyle, W. Campbell, Carr, Darke, Elliott, Gaggin, Goldsmith, Heather, Hepburn, Jen- nings, Kyte, Midwinter, Peryman, Riggall, Daniel Wilkio, D. W. Wilkie, and Owen Wil- liams. Theso players are requested to be punctual in their attendance on the days named. Philip M'Lean, aged 35 years, living at Prahran, met with a severo accident late on Saturday night. It appears he was putting a roof on to p, shed at his own place, when one of the timbers slipped, striking him on the bead, causing a lacerated wound right across the scalp, and severoly bruising his nock and shoulders. He was taken to the Alfred Hospital, where he was at once attended to. Ho is progressing favourably. The correspondent of the Gipps Land Mercury at Flynn's Creek cannot understand what the selectors in his neighbourhood mean by applying to have a common proclaimed. He writes as follows:—"There is also some stir being made about a farmers' common, but of course we are very moderate in our wants, the whole of the unselected land on Sydney-cottage and Loyang runs being all that is wanted, with all the unappropriated Crown lands lying between Merriman's Creek and Traralgon Creek. Some people are never satisfied. We have had the use of both these runs for the last three or four years free of cost. While the owners have paid the rent for the runs the selectors' cattle have eaten the grass without let or hindrance ; but we are an independent set, and are not content to graze our cattle free, but are determined to pay for it. I don't know why we should try to injure the owners of these runs by taking their runs for a common. I consider that the gentle- men have acted nobly towards the selectors in letting them have undisturbed possession of their runs, and I have only heard of one or two solitary cases of impounding during three years. I expect to hear soon of a memorial to those gentlemen requesting them to pay men to look after the selectors' cattle." We suppose the farmers of Flynn's Creek have suddenly awakened to a consciousness that it is not honest to appropriate the pro. perty of others without paying for it. We hear a great deal concerning the hard treat- ment the free selectors receive at the hands of the squatters, but judging by the foregoing the boot is sometimes on the other leg. At a meeting of the committee appointed to carry out the arrangements in connexion with the recent excursion of Geelong school children to Melbourne, votes of thanks were awarded to the mayor and members of the Melbourne Corporation for the use of the Town-hall and organ, and to the officers of the council for their courtesy aud attention. Also to the Hon. G. Berry, and Messrs. Richardson, Garratt, John- stone, and Cunningham, M.L.A.'s, for ser- vices rendered with the railway authori- ties ; to Captain Standish and officers, for the admirable police arrangements ; to the Hon. the Minister of Railways, for his attention to the wants and comfort of all concerned ; to Mr. Budd, inspector of schools, for his assist- ance ; to Signor Giorza, for his m as tody performance on the organ, as also to Mr. Summers for the same ; and letters signifying these facts were ordered to be written in each case. Madamo Cora de Lamond introduced her conjuring entertainment at St. George's Hall last evening. The lady is evidently an American. She dresses in a nondescript garb, 'in which picturesqueness is the object; aimed at and attained, and she has a not unpleasant voice and a quaintly humourous kind of address, which takes well with the audience. The performances consist chiefly of feats of legerdemain. Some of those introduced last night were very clever, and the preslidigitateuse executes all with ease and dexterity. For tho concluding act Madame do Lamond suspends ber sister (Mdllo. Christina, a full grown jouDg lady, also picturesquely attired) in mid- air, the only apparent support being the resting of one elbow on a slight pole. While occupying that position in a mesmeric sleep Miss Christina is made to assume a variety of graceful attitudes intended to represent a flower girl, the ascent of an angel, &c;, and the effect is very astonishing, But perhaps the most remarkable part of the entertain- ment was the presentation by lottery among those present of a silver-plated toa service and a number of useful gifts, which must have cost altogether more than tbe gross recoipts for the night. Madamo de Lamond stated that it was her intention to make similar pre- sentations every evening. ,' The stewards of the Geelong Racing Club and members of the Course Improvement Committee paid a visit to the course yesterday with the object of selecting a site for the now grand stand, which it is proposed to erect for the accommodation of those who may visit the course on the race days, but who may not be able to afford to pay for admission to the principal stand and saddling-paddock. Messrs. Davidson and Henderson, the architects and surveyors to the club, were also present, and it was decided that tho stand, which is to be solidly built of timber on bluestone foundations, should be placed next to the members' carriage reserve and facing the straight running. The length will be 50ft. by a depth of 18ft., the whole to bo covered in by a shingle roof, In front it will stand 4ft. from tho ground, rising to between 6ft. and 7ft. at the back, with a publican's booth underneath. As a rough estimate this stand, it is thought, will afford accommodation for, say, 500 visitors, who will be charged half-a- crown or 3s., for admission to tho stand and enclosure, the latter to be 150ft. long by a depth of about 100ft. Time did not permit of any decision being made with roforence to the alteration of the abrupt curve near the principal grandstand. A melancholy accident occurred yesterday afternoon in Geelong, whereby a little girl, tbe daughter of Mr. Joseph Carr, of Coquette-street, Ashby, met her death. The particulars, so far as ascertained, were that the lid of a zinc tank sunk the ground had by some means been left open. The little girl, who was exactly four years old yesterday, was playing about when she fell, head first, into it. When discovered it was found that the lid in falling had pressed her feet on to tho side of the tank, her head was under water, and she was quite dead. At tho County Court of Geelong, in its probate and administration jurisdiction, yesterday, probatea under the wills of the following deceased persons were granted as under:—S. A. Bryant, to Messrs. B. Haw- thorne and H. B. Moore, executors ; John Lee to his widow, Eugene Reilley to Bridget Reilley, Gollfried Forstor to Henry Foster, and Henry Bird to Elizabeth Bird. A rule to administer the freehold land of Ann Clark was granted to her son Thomas Clark, and in the lands of Thomas B. Ford a similar rule was granted to his widow. In the Geelong County Court yesterday, a Mrs. Lucas sued Mrs. Kearney, the wife of an hotelkeeper at Camperdown, for damages for defamation of character. The alleged defamation was that Mrs. Kearney had accused Mrs. Lucas of stealing things from the hotel. The special jury of four gave the plaintiff £50 damages. A fine Arab entire, imported for stud pur- poses by Mr. Hunter, of Woodstock, arrived yesterday in the ship Ben Lodi, from Cal- cutta, It is a now thing to hear complaints made of the too generous treatment of the inmates of English pauper establishments. We take the following reference to the subject from a recent issue of the Pall Mail Gazette :— "At a meeting of .tho Brentford Board of Guardians an extraordinary statement was made respecting the consumption of spiritu- ous and malt liquors in workhouses. Mr. Geisler, one of the members of the.board, said he had been looking over their accounts respecting the consumption of wine and spirits, and he found that in five quarters the bill for spirits amounted to £453. In one quarter the cost was £91, and in another as much as £108. The chairman (Mr. Ashby) said it was quite certain that the consumption of wine and spirits in the Brentford work- house was frightful The rate of consumption per head upon the number of paupors in this house was 13 times greater than at Birming- ham. Over 80,000 pints of beer wero consumed in one year, about 900 pints of wine, and 900 pints of spirits, whereas there were only on an average between CO and GO inmates in the bouse to be Berved with these stimulants. Mr. H. S. Barnes said the responsibility for the use of most of this liquor rosted with the medical officers, and was beyond the power of the guardians, Mr. Carpenter said in soma unions a stop had been put to this wholesale consumption of liquors by putting into it, before it was served out, a chemical which rendered it unpalatable, and the result was that it was not^ drunk by any but those to whom it was served as medicine, A com- mittee was formed to investigate the matter, and to bring np a report." Tbe Court Circular writes as follows of a new "bammerless" breechloader for sporting purposes:-"The records of the shooting season, marvellous as they havo been for monster bags, have shown very few to surpass Mr, F. Chapman's single-handed 85} brace of grouse on the 12th August. It is only just to attribute much of this gentleman's success to the gun with which he shot, viz., thonew 'bam- merless ' breechloader, patentod by Mr. Mur. cott, of 68 Haymarket, which, to judge from the high praises bestowed upon it by the Field and Land and Water and other sport- ing authorities, seems likely to exceed on the moors, in the stubble, and the preserves, the reputation it has already acquired at Hurling hom, at Brighton, and at Baden-Baden, in the bands of Mr. Cholmondeley Pennoll and others. Certainly this weapon gives great rapidity of action, as the lover which opens tbe barrel to receive the cartridge also cooks the gnn at the same time, by one simple and easy movement. But beyond this great stress is laid on its simplicity of construction and the perfect security attained by the absence of all external projections and hammers, by which not only is the possibility of accident reduced to a minimum, but a clear line o* sight over the whole field is obtained, greatly to the advantage of the second barrel. Indeed, the ' hammorloss ' breechloader is the best and simplest specimen of a sportsman's gun we have ever seen." "Divorce" was repeated at the Theatre Royal last evening, to a moderately well attended house. Tho spectacular drama of "AmyRobsart" attracted a fairly numerous audience to tho Prince of Wales Opera-house last evening, and it went more briskly than on the night of its first representation. The scenery and costumes were much admired. The latter ure noticeably good down to the smallest personages in the drama. Mr. Holloway, who was an exception to the rule on Saturday, remedied his deficiency last evening, and, appearing in a dress more suited to tho character of Sir Walter Raleigh, represented tho part with correspondingly increased effect. , The following are the statistics for tho month of October of the Public Library, Museums, and National Gallery of Victoria : Visitors to the institution, 31,140 ; visitors to tbe library, 21,067 : publications received under the copyright act, books, maps, pamphlets, &c;, 693; donations received from Africa, 1 ; America, 17 ; Asia, 3 ; Australia, 604 ; Europe, 73. Total, copyright and dona- tions, 1,201. 