LADY THORNHURST'S DAUGHTER. BY MRS. HARRIET LEWIS. CHAPTER XLIV. IN the gray of the old January dawn, Tessa Holm and Sir Victor Cheswick, seated in a first class compartment of an express train, steamed out of the station at Wimborn Minster, and where borne swiftly on their way to London. The snow was still falling like a white mist, veiling the landscape, and the air was keen and cold ; but the travellers were well-supplied with hot-water cans and travelling rugs, and were consequently comfortable. Sir Victor had secured the compartment to themselves, and Tessa's spirits began to rise as they sped onward over the serpent-like line through the gray morning shadows and the falling mist of snow. "I begin to breathe freely at last," she murmured, leaning back against her cushions. "I was haunted by a fear all the time that we waited in the station that my father would burst into the waiting-room and seize upon me, compelling me to return to the Grange with him." "You will reach London in safety, Miss Holm, and be haunted by fear no longer," said Sir Victor, who had settled himself in a seat opposite Tessa upon the same side of the carriage, and invested his head in a warm travelling-cap. "Whatever the will of Captain Holm, his power cannot now avail to harm or hinder you. He will discover your flight, let us say, at nine o'clock, the breakfast-hour at the Grange. He will be compelled to eat his breakfast before ventur- ing out on this terrible morning. The roads are nearly blockaded with snow, and it will take him three hours or more to traverse the thirteen miles to Wimborn Minster. The hour will then be past twelve, by which time, if no accident happen to us, you will be safely in your guardian's house at Kentish- town." Tessa smiled brightly. Then her gray eyes darkened with a sudden feeling, and her sensitive mouth quivered with emotion. "And my safety—my life even—I owe to you, Sir Victor," she said, tremulously. "I can never repay the debt I owe to you. It seems as if you were a sort of guardian angel to me," and a smile shone through her tears, and a vivid flush stained her clear cheeks. "You have played the part of a special providence to me in all our meetings. At our first meeting, you saved me from insult. At our second meeting," and her blush deepened, "you warned me of a yet worse peril ; and at our third meeting you saved me from death. I thank you, Sir Victor, with all my soul." As she flashed a grateful look at him from her dewy eyes, she encountered an answering glance so tender, so full of love, that her heart gave a frightened bound, and she be- came pale, and sat quite still, her pulse flut- tering with a vague alarm. In an instant Sir Victor had thrown aside his travelling-rug, and had sprang to a seat beside Tessa, and had seized her hands in his. "Tessa," he cried, his passionate voice thrilling her soul, "perhaps I ought not to speak these words while you are so helpless and alone ; yet if you would look kindly upon me, they might lighten even your desolation and loneliness. You have said that I seem to be a special providence on each occasion of our meeting. I should like to guard you and shield you through life. I should like to interpose myself between you and every sorrow, every danger. Do I seem to speak too soon ? Love is not always a growth of years. I never loved in all my life till I met the glance of your sweet eyes, and in that first moment of our meeting I loved you as men love for a lifetime. Tessa, will you be mine—life of my life, soul of my soul ?" Tessa trembled. Her face was downcast, and she did not look up. "You—you have known me so short a time, Sir Victor," she faltered. "Did I need years to teach me your purity, your truthfulness, your noble soul ?" ex- claimed the young baronet, in an impassioned manner. "Your nature is shown in every feature of your glorious face. Tessa, years of study and companionship may fail to kindle the electric spark which one glance from a stranger's eyes may strike upon the instant. I know that you are my kindred soul, and that we were made for each other. You do not love another, Tessa ?" and his voice took a quick note of alarm. "No, no !" breathed Tessa, lowly. "And you could love me, Tessa ?" The girl did not answer. But the young baronet, gently upraising her bowed head, met a gaze of such sweet confusion, and beheld her face so transfigured with tender- ness and love, that he felt himself answered. He knew that he dlid not sue in vain. He gathered her to his breast, and pressed upon her lips the solemn kiss of betrothal. "Mine ! mine !" he murmured, in a voice of solemn joy. "And may heaven deal with me as I deal with you, my own darling !" Tessa's head sank to his shoulder, and a delicious trance fell upon the betrothed young pair. They forgot that the young girl was a fugitive—that perils and enemies environed her path. They forgot the cold and the snow of the winter morning, and knew only that they loved. "Tessa was the first to remember. She started up from the young baronet's em- brace, crying, in a startled voice— "My father—I had forgotten him, Sir Victor—he will never allow me to marry you. And if he should consent to our mar- riage he is not a man whom you can intro- duce to your noble relatives." "Were your father a beggar, Tessa," said the young baronet, with tender fervour, "I should esteem it none the less an honour to have you for my wife. My peerless girl ! Not all the bad fathers in the world made into one could overshadow your goodness and purity. You stand by yourself, unique, alone. You are my plighted wife, Tessa, and my home and my relatives shall be yours." "Will your relatives receive me ?" asked Tessa. "If they will not, they are no relatives of mine," said Sir Victor, smiling. "I have no near relatives, and my distant cousin, Lord Thornhurst, has frequently advised me to marry. He is very happy with his beautiful wife and noble boys. I apprehend no opposition from any one excepting Cap- tain Holm, and I think that a proper repre- sentation of the facts may win his consent." "If not—" "If not," said the young baronet, gravely, "and if he insists upon taking you to the Grange, or urging on your marriage with Squire Todhetly, he is not a proper guardian for you, and another must be appointed in his place. I would not urge you to enter into a hurried, stolen marriage. I want to take my bride openly and without fear. But it will be quite proper for you to conceal yourself from your father, until you know what course he intends to take towards you. Ordinarily a daughter owes her father a full allegiance ; but your case is peculiar. You never saw your father till the other day, and he has, since claiming you, conducted him- self in a manner more befitting an enemy than a father. Under the circumstances, it is your duty to conduct yourself with an ex- treme caution towards him, and to under- stand his plane and character more fully before placing yourself again in his hands." "I would not be safe from him at Ken- tish-town, as he knows Uncle Reuben's address," said Tessa, doubtfully. I might go to the Lacy Institute at Clapham, but he knows that I was educated there, and would go there if he failed to find me at Kentish- town. I am afraid," added Tessa, deso- lately, "that I have nowhere to go." "You had better go directly to Kentish- town," said the young baronet with quiet decision. "I will take you there. Captain Holm cannot arrive in town before evening. I will go from Mr. Dennis's house, after seeing you there safely, to Belgrave-square, and tell my story to Lady Thornhurst. Cap- tain Holm cannot know of her, and she will befriend you, I know. So your future is provided for, my darling Tessa." "But I do not know Lady Thornhurst," faintly objected Tessa, "and—and I'm afraid of her." Sir Victor laughed joyously, as he bent and kissed the lovely, blushing face. "Afraid of her !" he repeated. "She is, the noblest, the most beautiful woman in England—except yourself, my own darling ! She has a heart large enough and generous enough to take in the whole world of sorrow- ing and homeless people. Her charities are boundless ; but better than all her munifi- cent gifts of money are the kindly smiles, the gracious words, and the tender glances she gives to the sorrowing and the erring. You remind me strangely of her, Tessa, yet she is not fair and slight like you. Imagine a woman of commanding presence, slender still, yet with a queenly air, graceful, and with a face of splendid beauty, dark, yet bright, with glowing eyes and scarlet lips— a beautiful, imperious face, with a tender sweetness that reminds you of the perfume of a flower." Tessa's heart thrilled, yet no instinct warned her that the enthusiastic young baro- net was describing to her her own mother ; but, oddly enough, she thought of the little sketch of her mother which she carried in her pocket, and she said, softly— "I have seen a picture of a young girl that very nearly answers your description, Sir Victor." "Call me Victor, Tessa," he said, lovingly. "'There must be no formality of names between us henceforth. But about the picture. It might have been that of Lady Thornhurst. She is young still—only four and thirty—and is in the golden prime of her beauty. She has figured in annuals, books of beauty, and even in illustrated papers. She is a great belle, and, as I said, before, she is good as she is beautiful. I wish I could define in what respect you re- semble her, Tessa. It is not in your eyes, for they are grey, like the deepening twi- light, while hers are blacker than the mid- night. It is not in your hair, for yours is like spun gold, and hers is black, with a purplish bloom upon it. It is not in your complexion, for yours is fair as a calla-lily, and hers is clear and dark. Yet there is an undefinable resemblance which grown upon me. Perhaps it is that your souls are alike, and they give a similar expression to your faces." "I should like to see this beautiful Lady Thornhurst," said Tessa thoughtfully. "You shall see her. She will come to you to-day." "She must be splendidly beautiful," murmured Tessa; "but I think my picture —the one I spoke, of—will surpass her in loveliness. I have it in my pocket. Would you like to see it ?" The young baronet assented, and flushed slightly. Tessa drew the little tightly-rolled pencil-sketch of her mother from her pocket. It was her intention to tell her young lover her entire history—to explain to him that this beautiful mother of hers was a great and titled lady, who was so unhappily situ- ated that she could never recognize Tessa as her child. But the words yet hesitated on her lips, and she silently gave the roll into Sir Victor's hands, anxious to hear his opinion of her mother's beauty before she unfolded her story. The young baronet unrolled the paper, and straightened it on his knee. The darkly beautiful face of Tessa's unknown mother, spirited, and cleverly executed, smiled up at him from the yellowed paper. He uttered an exclamation of amazement. "Ah !" said Tessa, blushing with delight ; "she' is more beautiful than your Marchioness of Thornhurst, is she not ?" "How strange !" ejaculated Sir Victor. "And you'did not know it? What a singular coincidence ! 'Why, Tessa, this is her picture !" "Whose picture ?" cried Tessa, growing white to the very lips. "Lady Thornhurst's. It must have been taken a few years ago, but it is very like. She has scarcely changed. You thought it a fancy sketch perhaps. Where did you get it ?" For a full minute Tessa could not answer, and Sir Victor was too absorbed in the con- templation of the picture to see that a cold sweat had started to her brow, and that her small, lovely face was drawn and set in lines of anguish. The Marchioness of Thornhurst her un- known mother ? The revelation made her faint and ill. She dropped her head, and a swift shudder convulsed her frame. Her father's divorced wife—her own mother was this grand lady, whom all the world admired, and whom Sir Victor Cheswick loved ? "Where did you get the picture ?" again asked the young baronet. Tessa's head dropped still lower—to his shoulder. Her face was hidden on his arm. "I—I found it in an old portfolio of drawings at the Grange," said Tessa, in a stifled voice. "Squire Todhetly drew it years ago. He said he was quartered somewhere with his regiment, and saw her. I—I admired it, and begged to keep it." "I do not wonder at your desire to pos- sess the sketch," said Sir Victor. "It is well done. I would not have imagined that the squire had ever possessed such talent for drawing. Lady Thornhurst will be pleased when I tell her what a fancy you have taken to her picture. It must have been taken when she lived in Lincolnshire, with her aunt, at Redruth Moor. Lady Thornhurst's first husband was an officer of the army—I forget his name." Tessa made a stern effort to regain her self-control. Already the terrible anguish of self- renunciation was thrilling her soul. She wanted to hear all that Sir Victor could tell her concerning her beautiful mother, and upon his answers would depend her future course. "Tell me something about this lovely Lady Thornhurst ?" she whispered, almost breathlessly. "She has been married twice ?" Sir Victor folded Tessa closer, and still contemplated the picture with a tender and thoughtful gaze. "Yes," he said, "she was a widow when she married the marquis. Her first husband died in Canada." "Had—had she any children by her first marriage ?" How Tessa's heart beat as she asked that question. "She had a daughter, but she rarely speaks of her. The child died before Lady Thornhurst's second marriage. I was visit- ing at Thornhurst once, when Redruth, the heir, was a baby, and I went into the nur- sery in search of the marchioness. She was alone, and bending over her boy, with tears in her eyes, and the shadow of a great grief on her face. She looked like one facing some ghost of their past ; and as I ap- proached her, and she did not see me, I heard her say, in a moaning voice, 'ah, there is an aching void in my heart which even my boy cannot fill ! My first-born, my baby girl—will the sorrow of her loss never lessen ?' I stole out of the room as silently as I could, Tessa, and I never let her know that I had heard those words ; but some- times they ring in my ears yet. Ah, a mo- ther's love is a wondrous thing, and proud, and beautiful, and envied as is the Mar- chioness of Thornhurst, I know that she mourns ceaselessly for her lost baby girl, her first-born child, and that, like Rachel, she refuses to be comforted." Tessa sobbed aloud. Sir Victor softly pressed his lips to her perfumed golden hair, and there were tears in his dark eyes. "My tender-hearted, loving little Tessa," he said. "And you can grieve for her—a stranger ? That scene which I have des- cribed was sacred to me, and I have never spoken of it to a human being ; but you are to be a part of myself, and there is not a thought or hope of remembrance in my soul too sacred for your knowledge. We will have no secrets from each other, Tessa." The young girl smiled. "Tell me more of Lady Thornhurst— Victor," she, said, gently. "How many children has she ?" "Two—both boys. They are little fel- lows, but both show forth the promise of noble manhood." "And she has no daughter—save that first one ?" breathed Tessa, again sighing. "Does Lord Thornhurst love his wife ?" "He idolizes her," was Sir Victor's res- ponse. "His love for her is part of his very being. She is to him what you are to me—the diviner part of himself. Not a shadow has ever crossed their love, not- withstanding that he has the nature of an Othello—strong, fierce, passionate, and jealous—" Tessa uttered an exclamation. "Don't misunderstand me, darling," said Sir Victor. "Lady Thornhurst never gave him cause for jealousy. She is pure as the snow, and as discreet and prudent in her walk and conversation as if she dwelt in a glass house where all the world might view her. But Lord Thornhurst, like all of his family, has a fierce southern nature, with the features and complexion of a fair northerner. He has the fair hair and keen blue eyes of his Saxon progenitors, and virtues enough to more than balance his inherited faults. He is brave to rashness, generous to a fault, tender-hearted as a child, clear-headed, with a magnificent person. You will think me enthusiastic in his praise, Tessa. Perhaps I am ; but to know Lord Thornhurst is to love and respect him. Yet, like all men essentially great, he has his weaknesses. I have mentioned one—his jealousy. He has another, which has caused me some pain, and which I wish he might outgrow. It is you may smile, Tessa—it is a hatred of divorces and of divorced people." Tessa uttered a sharp little cry, which Sir Victor interpreted as one of surprise. "Lord Thornhurst has a distant relative, a beautiful woman who was maltreated by her husband, and who instituted a suit for a divorce," continued the young baronet. "To the great disgust of the marquis, he was brought into the case as a witness. The trial was full of unpleasant details, and was retailed in the penny papers, and a great scandal ensued. Lord Thornhurst has refused to recognise his relative since she is also my relative, and I espouse her cause. He considers the marriage tie in- dissoluble, I believe, and he would hate his own beautiful wife, whom he now adores, if she had been the divorced wife of some other man." Tessa was silent, but a great darkness seemed to suddenly envelope her, sealing her vision, and settling heavily down upon her heart. She comprehended now her mother's story. That mother was pure and noble ; but her husband, Captain Holm, had been cruel to her, and she had obtained a decree of divorce from him. Then she had contracted a second mar- riage, and believing Holm dead, had called herself a widow. Perhaps Holm had per- suaded her that her child was dead, the girl thought, though she could not well see how that could be. At any rate, her mother was married to a noble and honourable man, whom she loved, but who had certain unfor- tunate peculiarities and prejudices upon which Captain Holm might work to the ruin of Lady Thornhurst. "I see it all now," the girl thought, with a great pang at her heart. "My father thinks of me only as an instrument by which to humble this noble Lady Thorn- hurst—my mother ! He means me to marry Squire Todhetly, that my unhappi- ness and degradation may break her heart. He means to humble her, and to work upon the jealousy of the marquis—but he shall not do it through me. I will never bring a tear to the eyes of my beautiful mother. I will never reveal my existence to her. Better that she should believe me dead in my babyhood, than that she should live in terror of my appearance." This resolution was not lightly made, and poor, generous Tessa felt that in making it she was giving up all that made life beauti- ful or sweet. For it involved the sacrifice of her love for Sir Victor Cheswick. She could not go to him as his wife with a secret in her heart, and she dared not tell him all the truth. Her mother's secret was a sacred trust imposed upon her, which she dared not betray, even to her nearest and dearest. She felt that she should never dare obtrude herself upon Lady Tornhurst, lest the truth might appear. And withal, a deadly terror of Captain Holm was increasing within her, and her one great longing now was to hide herself from all who had known her. "You are very still, Tessa," said the young baronet, tenderly. "I do not feel quite well," said Tessa, truthfully, putting her hand to her throat, where was occuring a terrible constriction. "I think that I was not benefited by last night's exposure," and she tried to smile. "I fear I am going to be ill. Do not bring Lady Thornhurst to Kentish-town to-day, Victor—and, indeed, I would rather she would not come at all. Uncle Reuben's house is too humble for so great a lady, and Uncle Reuben will find me a secure refuge." "You fancy the marchioness would patronise you, Tessa ?" inquired the young baronet, in some wonder. "You do not know her. But you do look so strangely weary and pale, and your eyes have a feverish brilliancy. You had better rest for the present, and your friends can, of course, keep Captain Holm out of their house while I am making efforts to have another guardian appointed for you." The matter was thus settled. In due time, the long train whirled into the London station, and Sir Victor assisted Tessa into a cab, and gave the order for Kentish-town. It was a long, weary drive over rough pavements, and Tessa was strangely weary from the combined effects of physical and mental excitement, when, finally, the cab stopped before the high wall inclosing the tiny strip of garden belonging to Laburnum-villa. The. cabman rang the gate bell, and when the small, trim maid appeared, the young baronet lifted Tessa, and half led, half carried her into the house. The young girl's unexpected return pro- duced a flutter of excitement at Laburnum- villa, such as that small abode had never before witnessed. Again Dennis was all alarm and excitement, and Sir Victor was obliged to repeat his explanations again and again before the clerk's wife recovered her self- possession. An hour later, the young baronet departed in the cab, and Tessa was left to her needed repose. CHAPTER XLV. Tessa's flight from the Grange was dis- covered at about the time she had expected, or a little later. The breakfast-bell rang at nine o'clock as usual, but the morning being stormy with the fall of snow, it was half an hour later before Captain Holm and Squire Todhetly emerged from their bedrooms. The former, yawning lazily, proceeded to his daughter's sitting room, giving himself ad- mittance into it. It was dark, the shutters being closed, and very cold and damp, there being no fire on the hearth. No servant had been able to enter the chamber that morning, the door being locked, and the room was, therefore, as cheerless as a stable. Captain Holm, shivering with a sudden chill, crossed the floor, and unfastened the wooden shutters. There were frost pictures on the window-panes, and a whirl of snow outside the window-ledge that completely obscured any view of the outer world. Turning from the window, Captain Holm called, loudly "Tessa ! Tessa !" Of course, there was no answer. "It is so dark here that the girl thinks it is still night," muttered the captain. "I wonder I didn't foresee that. And it is as cold as a sepulchre ! She will freeze to death !" He moved towards the bedroom, and knocked at the door of communication. The dead silence during which he listened was unbroken by a sound. He knocked yet more loudly ; he called his daughter's name ; and still no reply came from the inner room. Captain Holm abruptly opened the door, and entered the bedroom. The room was dark and cold ; but as his eyes became ac- customed to the gloom, he marked the fact that the door into the chamber beyond was open, and that Tessa was nowhere to be seen. The alarm was given on the instant. Squire Todhetly hastened to the scene. Servants were summoned, and the fact was elicited beyond danger of dispute that Tessa had fled the house at some time during the night. The butler testified that he had found the door of the eastern porch unfas- tened when he opened the house at the usual hour that morning. Mrs. Podd was sum- moned, and declared in the most innocent manner that the key of the door leading into the former nursery might have been left somewhere in the young lady's bedroom, and expressed her astonishment that the young lady had been locked up in her rooms for the night. The housekeeper was genu- inely frightened and anxious concerning Tessa, but no one remarked that her emotion was extraordinary under the cir- cumstances. "She went on foot, of course," said Cap- tain Holm, knitting his forehead into a scowl. "It is probable that she lies buried in a snow-drift between here and Wimborn Minster. A delicate girl like Tessa could not walk thirteen miles on a night like this last one. She's dead—frozen stiff. Order a horse, Todhetly, and let us have breakfast and be off." The squire obeyed the command, and with his guest descended to the breakfast room. The pair ate their meal almost in silence. A heavy gloom overhung the brows of Captain Holm, but it was not the gloom of a great grief, but rather that of a terrible disap- pointment. It was as if he had been baulked in his schemes, and that was indeed his first and only thought. He had no sor- row for the young life which he supposed was cut short. He only thought that Tessa would have been a fortune to him, and now she was probably dead. "Curse the girl," he muttered, savagely, as he rose from the table. "Curse all wo- men. All the troubles of my life seem to have sprung from women. What should the girl want to kill herself for just at this time ? She might have known that it was deliberate suicide to go out in last night's storm. Put a bottle of brandy in your pocket, Todhetly. We may need it. The snow is turning to rain ; and here comes the dog-cart." Holm hastened to put on greatcoat and mufflers, and Todhetly was equally expedi- tious. The two entered the dog-cart, and went down the drive at a rattling pace. Most of the last night's snow had melted almost as it had fallen, or soon after, and on driving out of the Grange gates the road was found to be muddy and difficult to travel. The drive to Wimborn Minster was neces- sarily slow, but the two men kept a sharp look out on either side of the vehicle, in ex- pectation of beholding the prostrate figure of the fugitive Tessa. As they neared the town, however, and no trace of the girl was found, hope began to revive in the men's hearts, and Captain Holm said— "The girl has either wandered off on the heaths and died of cold and exhaustion, or she has fought her way to Wimborn Mins- ter and is safe. If she's like her mother, she wouldn't have given up till the last gasp. Perhaps some farmer came along and carried her to her destination, although that is hardly probable." The pursuers entered the town, still with- out finding any trace of her whom they sought, and drove directly to the railway station. Leaving the house in charge of a small boy, they entered the waiting-room together. Captain Holm hastened to make inquiries. The station-master was found, and in res- ponse to the captain's interrogatories, backed by a small fee, declared that a young lady of the age mentioned by the captain, and having golden hair and grey eyes, as he des- cribed, had arrived at the station before day- break that morning, and had, he believed, taken the early express train. The young lady was in a state of great fatigue, and the young gentleman with her seemed greatly alarmed about her, and bought her hot coffee and sandwiches, and a hot beefsteak, which it was very difficult to obtain at that hour, but for which the young man poured out his money like water. "A young gentleman !" muttered Holm. "There is some mistake. It can't be my girl." "A young gentleman !" echoed Todhetly, excitedly. "It's an elopement—that's what it is. See here, my fine fellow: was the young gentleman tall, and dark, and hand- some ?" "Yes, he was all that," said the station- master, with a broad smile. "You know him, sir? It was Sir Victor Cheswick, sir, and I suppose the case was a 'lopement." Holm and Todhetly breathed a curse in concert. "They went to London, of course ?" asked the former. "I suppose so, sir," said the station- master, who knew the young baronet well, and believed him safe in London with his lovely companion. "He's in town afore this, sir." "When does the next train leave ?" The station- master informed him. "Of course, I shall hurry up after my girl, Todhetly," said Holm, as they walked towards the ticket office. "There's no use in telegraphing, for they are in London be- fore this. They can't get married to- day, if Tessa has really eloped with Sir Victor, and she cannot marry him legally without my consent. The marriage of a minor without his or her parent's consent is illegal, you know." "I shall go up with you," said Todhetly. "I don't mean to give Sir Victor any advan- tage by staying away from Tessa." "We can't bring the girl back here after this escapade till she comes as your wife," said Captain Holm, discontentedly. "If we keep her a prisoner at the Grange, the whole country will know it and spy on us, and possibly interfere. This business must be finished elsewhere." "You are right, Holm," returned the squire. "We shall want plenty of the sinews of war, so let's go to the bank. Fortunately I keep an account here. We can't get away under three hours, and we may as well make ourselves comfortable at an hotel. What do you say ?" Holm assented, and the two went to the bank, when Todhetly replenished his purse, and afterwards to an hotel, where they ordered an early dinner, and solaced them- selves on brandy-and-water and cigars. At five o'clock, in the grey gloaming, they entered the train and set out for London. On arriving at the metropolitan station, Captain Holm sought out a deputy station master and made diligent inquiries, eliciting the fact that a young, golden-haired girl had arrived by the morning train, but that whither she had gone was impossible to ascertain. Beckoning a cab-driver, who was in the act of departing, Holm and Todhetly hur- ried to the cab stand, entered the vehicle, and the captain gave the order to be con- veyed to Kentish-town, giving street and number. Laburnum-villa was closed and dark, as they saw when they paused before it. Not a light gleamed from the crevices of its shuttered windows. Not a sign of life was about the premises. The cabman pulled the bell, but no one answered his summons." "Pull louder," commanded Holm. "Pound on the gate." The cabman obeyed these injunctions with surprising force. "They haven't got home from the theatre ?" suggested Todhetly. "They are hiding in the back rooms, more likely," snarled Holm. "This silence and darkness is an indication that the girl is here. Sir Victor Cheswick would naturally have brought the girl to her friends, and the girl would have insisted upon coming. She's upstairs, with her de- voted friends around her," he added, sneer- ing. This was actually the case. "What are we to do?" demanded Tod- hetly. "We are rousing the neighbour- hood, and will have the police upon us." Neighbouring windows were being raised, and one or two front doors opened, giving egress to a few curious individuals, anxious to know what the unwonted noise meant. But no sign of life emanated from Labur- num-villa. "They have got the best of us for to- night," said Captain Holm, acknowledging his defeat. "But in the morning I will bring a police officer and take away my daughter. We will see if the law gives a father no rights over his children." Bidding the cabman mount his box, Holm, in an exceeding ill-humour, gave the order to be conveyed to Chapley's Hotel, Piccadilly, and in pleasant rooms in that hotel the pursuers were in due time com- fortably settled. The next morning, at an early hour, and in a state of sullen wrath that boded ill for poor little Tessa when her father should find her, Captain Holm, accompanied by his friend Todhetly, went to Kentish-town, and sought out the branch police-station nearest the home of Reuben Dennis. Finding a proper officer, Captain Holm presented his card bearing his army title, at which inscription the police officer con- ceived a great respect for the pale, bloated, yet elegantly attired gentleman with the military air. "This gentleman," said the captain, in- troducing his friend, "is Squire Todhetly, a justice of the peace, and representative of the old Dorset family of Todhetly." The police officer was duly impressed with the connections and family of the "re- presentative of the Todhetlys," and inquired what he could do for his visitors. Captain Holm made haste to tell his story, giving a florid account of his return from long service in Canada, of his finding his child, of her flight from his paternal care, and his desire to recover her. Todhetly confirmed his story. "No one can dispute a father's right," said the police official, sagely. "You have only to command your daughter to go with you to be sustained by the laws of England, which will enforce your command." "But her friends won't let me enter their house," said Holm. "They have retired to the rear of it, and pay no attention to knocking, however loud." "They won't try that on with me," said the police officer, swelling. ''I will accom- pany you to the house, gentlemen. We will see if in free and enlightened England such deeds as these shall be done with im- punity. Accompanied by the official, Holm and Todhetly returned to Laburnum- villa. The police officer knocked as loudly as if he were trying to awaken the dead. To his great astonishment, as well as to that of his companions, the garden-gate was opened to them almost immediately, and by the trim, small maid who served as the only domestic of the tiny establishment. She regarded the visitors with round eyes, and they looked at her in an equal surprise. Possibly they had expected to see in her stead the worthy Reuben Dennis in a belli- gerent mood. "Show us into the house, and into Miss Holm's presence, girl," said Captain Holm, brusquely. The girl stared. "There is no one at home, sir," she said, "and Miss Holm is not stoppin' at the willer." "Not here?" exclaimed Captain Holm. "You can't deceive us, girl. Where is the young lady who arrived here yesterday ?" "How do I know ?" demanded the girl, with an injured expression of countenance. "Yesterday missus says I could go home and stay till this morning, and home I goes, grateful for the privilege, which it wasn't in the bargain, sir. And after I gets back to the willer, missus goes out in a cab, and says as she shan't be be home all day. And that's all I knows, if I was to be killed, sir." Captain Holm reiterated his inquiries, but could gain no further information from the girl, whose countenance waxed vacant, and whose replies grew unintelligible. The police official seeing in her eyes a gleam of shrewd intelligence at variance with her vacant stare, offered her a half-crown, which she accepted, and offered to show them through the house. They accepted the offer, and made a tour of the six small rooms in the box of a house ; but Tessa was not to be found. The police-officer renewed his interrogations, but could not discover from the servant if a guest had been at the villa ; but he was long since persuaded of that fact, and was now only anxious to learn to what place Mrs. Dennis had gone. "The bird has flown, captain," he said, as the three men paused in the lower hall of the little house, loth to depart unsatisfied. "But I saw a blue bow, such as young ladies wear, upon the toilet-table, and it's clear the young lady has been here. But where could she have flowed to with the pernicious old party as keeps this house?" "To Clapham—to the institute in which she was educated," suggested Captain Holm. "We must go there next. She is there, unless she is somewhere with Sir Victor Cheswick and making preparations to get married." "That is just where she is, depend upon it," growled Todhetly." "I believe it's necessary for one of the parties to reside in the parish fourteen or twenty-one days before marriage, even with a special licence," said Captain Holm. "I don't know as the girl's stay in Dorset would invalidate her residence over in Surrey. We'll go to the New Kent-road, Todhetly, and then to Clapham." The little servant, whom the police-officer eyed malignantly, believing her stupidity and vacancy all assumed—as they were— held open the door significantly, and the three men returned again to the little front garden. They had scarcely set foot upon the narrow, box- bordered path, when a violent ring was heard at the garden-gate. The servant flew to open it. As the high gate swung wide on its hinges, the tall, lithe, manly figure of Sir Victor Cheswick stepped into the garden. Holm and Todhetly uttered ejaculations of astonishment and rage, and moved forward, confronting the young baronet with malevolent and menac- ing gaze. CHAPTER XLVI. Sir Victor Cheswick, pausing just within the garden-gate of Laburnum Villa, recog- nized Squire Todhetly at the moment he was himself recognized. He glanced at Tod- hetly's companion, and decided in his own mind that the tall, bloated, well-dressed gentleman was no other than Captain Holm. That the two had come to the villa in search of Tessa was apparent, and the young baronet experienced an instant thrill of alarm. "How is Miss Holm this morning ?" he asked in a undertone, of the trim, small maid, averting his face from the scrutiny of Holm, Todhetly, and the police-official. The maid's stolid, vacant face brightened, and she replied, in a whisper too low to be heard by other ears, however anxious, as she fixed her gaze upon a stack of chimneys over the way— "She have gone, sir. Missus took her away this morning. And a note has been left—" She paused abruptly, as Captain Holm came nearer, with the evident determination to overhear the conversation." "I am sorry not to see Mrs. Dennis," said Sir Victor, quietly, and in the same under- tone he had before employed. "I will try to call again." He raised his hat to the group of three eager-faced men, and would have departed quietly, but Captain Holm cried out inso- lently— "You are Sir Victor Cheswick, I be- lieve ?" The young baronet bowed a grave assent, his hat in his hand. "I am Captain Holm," continued that gentleman. "I want my daughter, sir." Sir Victor looked amused. His lips curled slightly. "Allow me to recommend you to find her then," he said, half haughtily. "I have no knowledge of Miss Holm's present where- abouts." "That is false, sir," cried Holm, savagely, his eyes gleaming. "You stole her away from my protection ; you persuaded her to an elopement ; and I demand her at your hands !" "I have not persuaded Miss Holm to an elopement," returned Sir Victor, calmly. "Miss Holm has too much self-respect to elope with any man, whatever her friend- lessness or distresses ; and I have too much respect for myself and her to persuade her to any step which the world might miscon- strue. It is true, Captain Holm, that I es- corted Miss Holm to London ; but business called me here. On my way to Wimborn Minster, on the night before last, I overtook a toiling girl in the snow. It was Miss Holm. She was on her way on foot to the town, and was already benumbed with the cold, and staggering from exhaustion. I took her into my own vehicle, took her to town, and escorted her on her journey to her friends, not leaving her until I had placed her safely in their care. I make this expla- nation in justice to her whom your inquiries tend to defame. I may add that I have not seen her since yesterday, and that I do not now know where she is." This explanation was uttered with a quiet frankness and sincerity that convinced the police- official of its truthfulness. "He speaks the truth, captain," said the police- sergeant, in a whisper, conceiving a cordial respect for the young baronet and his title. "He don't know where she is. Our plan is to watch the house and Mrs. Dennis, or to go to Clapham." Sir Victor did not wait for a reply. While the police-officer was thus speaking, he turned to the vacant-faced maid, and in- quired the nearest way to the omnibus. The girl stepped out of the gate. "This way, sir," she said, pointing to the eastward. "You'll find a 'bus in Kentish- town-road." Sir Victor thanked her, and dropped a coin in her hand, and received into his a tiny and minutely-folded note. With this in his hand, he hurried away, and was soon lost to view, disappearing round a neighbouring corner. Not until he was seated in a cab, and on his return to Belgravia, did the young baro- net open and read his letter. It was from Tessa, and had been written at a late hour of the previous night. It was stained and blotted with tears, and contained a few heartbroken words, to the import that she loved him and honoured him, but that she could not become his wife. She said that she had another besides herself to con- sider in the arrangement of her future, and that her duty to that other demanded her renunciation of him. Sir Victor was amazed, and almost stupefied. "She cannot mean her father," he said, perplexed and anxious. "Has she made some new discovery ? Has she some Quixo- tic idea that her father's character is a bar to our marriage ? Ah, little Tessa," and he smiled with a yearning tenderness, "you do not know me yet. As if I should let any- thing come between me and my promised wife ! You are mine—my own—and not the whole world shall sever us! I will re- turn to Kentish-town this evening, and find from Mrs. Dennis where my darling is gone." With this resolve, and with a very grave and anxious brow, that belied his expres- sions of self-confidence, he returned to the West-end and his sick friend. Meanwhile, Captain Holm, Todhetly, and the police-officer emerged from the gate of Laburnum Villa, which was instantly closed and locked behind them. After a brief further consultation, Holm dismissed the police aid with a liberal fee, and taking Todhetly's arm, the two strolled towards the Kentish- town-road. "I tell you, Holm,"' said the squire, "we ought not to let that young fellow—Ches- wick, you know—off so easily. He knows where the girl is, you may be sure." "I am of the same opinion," returned Holm, gloomily. "He spoke of Tessa as if somehow she belonged to him. He's been making love to her, and the girl, of course, has promised to marry him." "In that case he knows where she is." "He's a deep one," said Holm. "He has removed the girl this morning, and then, expecting our return after the row we made last night, he came back like a casual visitor, and asked to see the girl, just to throw us off the scent. If I had only thought to follow him up !" "The question is : where's the girl ?" "If Sir Victor wants to marry her, he has taken care to place her in charge of some noble lady who can protect her, and whose protection will enhance Tessa's reputation." "Lord Thornhurst is his relative," sug- gested Todheily. Holm stopped short in the street, over- whelmed with a sudden and terrible agitation. "By heaven," he muttered, "if he should have taken the girl to Lady Thornhurst." Todhetly looked aghast. The two men were silent for a space ; then Captain Holm said, huskily— "What did the girl do with that infernal sketch you showed her of Ignatia ?" "Put it in her pocket." Captain Holm breathed heavily. "Fool !" he muttered. "You'd better have burned the Grange, if necessary to rid yourself of that cursed portfolio. Why nay man of sense should have kept such a remnant of his foolish days, I can't see. I thought you had more brain. You're ruined us ! The girl took the picture with her in her flight from the Grange, being a romantic little fool. The baronet asked her to marry him, and she simpered assent. Then, like the young idiot she is—I know her kind—she must needs have no secrets from him, and so told him her history—her mother's history, her father's history, and how she had a mother living who was a titled lady. Curse her, and you, and everybody !" raved Holm. "If I had the power, I'd knock the earth into a cocked hat !" He looked so pale with his furious rage that the squire trembled, and begged him to come with him to a public-house which they could see at the next corner. "A little brandy will set you up," he sug- gested. "Come, Holm ; you'll have a fit of apoplexy if you take this matter so hard." "And you pretended to love the girl, and can take the matter so coolly ?" asked Holm, foaming at the mouth. "Are you a mole, that you don't see the truth ? This young baronet is a relative of the Thornhursts. He knows that Lady Thornhurst was the supposed widow of a Captain Digby Holm, who went out to Canada. When he heard Tessa's story he put two and two together. He brought Tessa to Kentish-town, and went to Lady Thornhurst with his marvellous story. He came this morning and took Tessa to Bel- grave-square. The Thornhursts are in town, or were the other day, for I saw a notice to that effect in some paper. And Tessa is at this moment with her mother billing and cooing." "By George!" muttered Squire Tod- hetly, in an utter consternation. "My head is not clear. I must have time to think—to plan. I hold the reins yet," and Holm's eyes gleamed evilly, "and I can see my way, after a little thought, straight to victory. We will go to my club in Pall-mall, Todhetly. But first let us have some brandy." They went on to the "gin palace" Tod- hetly had descried, and called for brandy- and-water. Then, summoning a hansom cab, they hastened back to the West-end, and to Chapley's Hotel. Some hours later, they strolled down to Holm's club in Pall- mall, with which he had renewed his mem- bership since his return to England, and making their way into a secluded corner of the lofty, frescoed, gilded and pillared dining- room, called for a bill of fare and the daily papers. Both were supplied to them. The hour was early, and but few members of the club were yet in the dining-room, although groups of them were gathered in the read- ing-room. Holm ordered dinner, and then applied himself to the perusal of the Morn- ing Post. "I say, Todhetly," he exclaimed, sud- denly, looking up from his paper excitedly, "hear this in the Fashionable Intelligence. It is the information we wanted :— The Marchioness of Thornhurst is still at her town house in Belgrave-square. Her ladyship's health is, we regret to learn, less perfect than usual. Lord Thornhurst is still stopping at Brighton, where he has sojourned for the last fortnight. The marquis and marchioness leave on Thursday for a tour on the Continent. Holm finished reading, and fixed his steel- blue eyes on the face of Todhetly in a glance of significance. "Perhaps they purpose taking with them the daughter of Lady Thornhurst by her ladyship's first husband," he sneered. "I must baulk their little game, to use a vul- garism. I shall call at the Thornhurst man- sion this evening." "Alone ?" "Alone." There was an expression on Holm's face that caused Todhetly to be glad, on the whole that he was not to accompany the captain on his expedition. He experienced a nervous thrill, and thought in his own heart that he was a happy man in not having Holm for an enemy. "He would be as relentless as death," he thought. "Lady Thornhurst had better have a bloodhound at her throat, than to have Captain Holm pursuing her." The two men ate their dinner leisurely, and lounged an hour or two in the reading- room. At about eight o'clock, as the club began to fill, they returned to Chapley's Hotel, and Captain Holm made his toilet with great care. He had a love of fine dress, and was a dandy in his neatness ; but he had too much taste to load his person with ornaments. He wore not even a scarf- pin or a ring, but was quite satisfied with his appearance as he finally contemplated his reflection in his mirror. About nine o'clock he took leave of Tod- hetly, who purposed awaiting his return at the hotel, in their private parlour, and de- parted for Belgrave square. The evening was dull and dark, with a drizzling mist, upon which Holm congratu- lated himself, as he hurried onward under his umbrella. "She'll be sure to be at home on a night like this," he thought, "and it is equally certain that she will have no visitors. The Marquis is away at Brighton, and my coast is clear." Thornhurst House was shrouded in gloom, as Holm saw when he approached it. No lights gleamed through the closed shutters of the drawing-room, and only a faint gleam through the half-circle of glass over the hall door testified that the house was inhabited. Holm mounted the steps, guarded on either sides by stone lions, and rang the knocker thrice with a force that a postman would have envied. As he waited for ad- mittance, he heard laughter and gay voices in the area, the windows of which were tightly shuttered, and he was then made aware that the lower strata of the household was at home. (To be continued.) 