HUHlim. THE FLEMINGTON HOUNDS. By A Reefer. Shortly after two o'clock last Saturday Mr. Waldook's hounds met at the Essendon Pound, where a very fair field was in attendance, consist- ing of, amongst others, Mr. Baker on Hector. whose huge limbs might well put to shame his heroic namesake; Mr. French on Traveller ; Mr. Anderson on a black mare ; Mr. Vergoe on Cigar; Mr. Fobs on Tripoli ; the Messrs. Collins, one on a hack and the other on a well-bred mare, which was a winner at Heidelberg last year ; Mr. Frank Duffy on Argyle ; and, last of all, Mr. Moore, who came trotting up on Illumination, accom panied by Mr. Powell on an undersized brown horse, which boks overweighted even with its light burden ; and a light-haired man, gorgeously arrayed in a costume half coachman half sailor, for his reefer jacket and round cap smacked much of the merchant service. This gentleman is mounted on Mr. French's Jack the Flat — a wise selection, for his owner boaBts that Jack ie not to be thrown at his fences by the veriest tyro in hunting, a statement which our friend the reefer waB ap parently anxious to disprove, as he scrupulously made a poiut of falling well forward oil his horse's withers at every fence throughout the run. Shortly after the advertised time, the whole cavalcade made a start up the old Sydney road, on which the Pound is situated. Crossing the North-Eastern railway, we came to a stop where the country rises in a gently-sloping hill away on the left. As we pause, there is a commotion in the pack, and an inclination to break, only re strained by the cracking thongs of the huntsmen. For a moment they are kept together, but for a moment only ; as, with a crash and a rush through the fenoe, the well- matched hounds are away in full cry, leaving the astonished hunt to gallop fifty yards down the fence to a slip-panel, which the farmer had obligingly let down. One or two men are over the fence straight after the pack as they breast the hill at racing pace, whilst the rest rush a gap lower down, and put on all speed lest they be thrown oat at the start. Up the slope they go, straight goers, second railers, and spectators, all mixed together in a hetero geneous mass, but not for long. On tho crest is a big, though slightly-built post-and-rail — a capital sifter of the field. The visitors pull up and look on, and the ill- mounted men who find themselves too far in front, pull up short also, aad try to look like mere spectators as they wait with anxious eye for some more adventurous wight to break a top rail. Over pop the first flight and out of the lane .again twenty yards further on, Cigar, Tra veller, Illumination, after one baulk, Mr. Baker, Mr. Frank Duffy, the master, and, as I follow down the gully where the scent leads us, I see the reefer's spurs gleam far apart and then settle firmly into his horse's shoulders on the other side of the fence. For once, at all events, he has failed to disprove Mr. French's statement as to Jack the Flat's jumping powers. The field now settles down to work, men and horses. A big fenoe on the very brow of a stony rise is nego tiated by the first flight, and is broken to let the ruck through, and we go on till Chiffney, on a grey horse belonging to Mr. Brace, hits hard a stiff poBt-and-rail and falls with his hose, cutting himself badly, poor fellow. Farther on, Tripoli makes a mistake, and comes to grief with Mr. Fo8s, who, however, holds on like a man, to the bridle till he is dragged several yards. Circling still | to the left, we oroBB the Ballarat road, and a stiff three-railer stops all but the elite, with Mr. Virgoe . leading on Cigar. A field or two further and the hounds outpace the horses, and are seen no more, leaving some half-dozen horsemen to find their way home, among them Mr. Baker, Mr. French, Mr. Virgoe, Mr. Moore, Mr. Anderson, and the inevitable reefer en Jack the Flat, who certainly had no want of pluck, but must thank his long military spurs that he got no fall. I trust poor Jaok will not be seriously hurt by the ploughing they gave his shoulders. So home, past the farm house where the drag ended, and where Waldock and the rest of the hunt are picked up. Recipro cal compliments are now passed between the master and the hunt, on " one of the fastest thiBgs of the season," and we are promised a deer for next Saturday. One incident marred the pleasure of the ride home, the death of Mr. Virgoe's horse Orphan Boy, who fell down and gave up the ghost without a struggle opposite Harding's stables. 