LAYING- THE FOUNDATION-STONE - OF ST. -. JOHN'S CHTJJttOH, CORO ' MANDEL VALLEY. —For some time past the adherents of the , Anglican Church at Coromandel Valley have " been accustomed to assemble at the house :of Mr. George Gooch for the purpose of 'worship, the services being held on Sunday afternoons, and conducted by the Rev. H. Read, M.A., and lay readers ;-.rbut,-itbq congregation having in creased to between 70 and"SO, the question of the'advisableness of a church being built forced itself upon 'the consideration of these inte rest"ed,.aad at length steps were'taken with a view to the erection of an edifice, the result being that on Saturday afternoon, December 21, the foundation-stone of a very handsome little church, .to be called St. John's Church, was laid by Miss Olive Ricbman. _ The site selected is an excellent one,, commanding an extensive and a very picturesque view of the surrounding' .country ,_and -although -at _ present it. is some distance from the road, when the deviation, which is now being made, is completed tbe Churcb property will adjoin the road. The j dimensions of the church are 40 feet by 20 feet I in the clear, walls 14 feet high from floor to plates; built of the local slatestone, with soap stone dressings externally, including plinth, watertables, coobelled eaves, copings, &c.; The roof will be open timbered,, the rafters covered with match boarding, and colonial slates laid on battens over : the boarding. Eight louvred ventilators are provided near the apex of the roof to aid ventilation. The walls will be stuccoed internally,' the' lower portion with Portland cement. The windows will have zinc-quarry lights^ glazed with ground glass. On the south side is a small porch with a bell gable over the outer archway. The porch is to be paved with black and red tiles,' and will be pro vided with wicket gates in the external opening. Provision is made for building a chancel and vestry when funds permit. The style of the building is early pointed, with single lights at the sides, and a long two- light window in front, with quatrefoil ventilator over. The amount of. -the- contract -for -present portion-is- £525, of which £300 is already in hand. The work is being carried out by Mr. D. Deans, of Mitcham, under the superintendence of the architect of the building, Mr. E. J. Woods. At the ceremony there was a large gathering of persons, principally residents of the neighbor hood. Amongst those present were the Bishop of-Adelaide (Dr.'Short), the Ven. Archdeacon (Rev. O. Marryat), the Rev. Canon Farr, M.A.; the Revs. T. J. Smyth, M. A.; W. H. Mudie, and A. Honner; the Hon. R, B. Andrews, Q O.; Cap tain W. W. Hughes, Mr._G. W. Hawkes, S.M.; and- Lieutenant J. A. Fergusson 'An awning had been erected for'the protection of those en gaged in the service, and it was fortunate this provision had been made, for a smart shower of rain; fell whilst the ceremony was proceeding. After the ordinary preliminary service, Mr. K. J, Woods presented to Miss Richman a very hand somesilvertrowcl, beariDgtheinsoription —"Pre sented to Miss Ricbman, on laying founation stone of St. John's, Coromandel Valley, Deo. 21,1172." The stone was then lowered into its placej~*and Miss Richman, having used the trowel and handled the mallet, said—"I de clare this stone well and truly laid j" where upon the Doxology was sung. In a cavity be neath the Btone was placed a bottle, containing, in addition to the daily papers, some coin, and and a small sheaf of wheat, the following docu ment:—"In the name of the Father, Son, aud Holy Ghost, the foundation-stone of St. John's, Coromandel Valley, was laid by Miss Olive Richman on St. Thomas's Day, Dec. 21st, A D. 1872, in the 36th year.of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Officer Administering the Government of South Australia being Sir R. D. Han son, Knight, Chief Justice of the pro vince,' and in the 26th year of tbe consecra tion of Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide; the Rev. H. Read, M.A., Incumbent of St. Michael's Mitcham, in charge of the district. Trustees—B. F. Lloyd, R. Gibbins, and E. W. Kernot. Committee—Rev. H. Read, M.A., J.. A. Fergusson, B. F. Lloyd, A. Spence, R. a'bbms, E. W.-Kernot, R. Burfield, and J. L. Fiveash. Architect—K. J. Woods. Builder D. Deans." His'Lordship tho Bishop said he was unwil lg to part with the Christian friends who had sembled on the present occcasion without ying a few words of thankfulness and, ) trusted, encouragement to those who had immenced and so far* carried on this good ork. The selection of Scripture which had sen" read in the course "of the service struck m as singularly appropriate to tho lives of lonists and emigrants. They read there how . ancient times—and it showed that the word God was*applicable to all time—how -Jacob, ith his staff in his hand,-went forth over the irdan"to" >eek; his fortune, and to become, as b should-say, an emigrant-; arid as he lay down i sleep God manifested himself unto him, and id, "Tho land wheron thou:liest, - to thee ill I give it, and to thy seed."' Amazed and rrified somewhat at the nearness of his God, id realising the truth which St. Paul spoke in te market-place at Athens—" Within Him we re and move and have our being," and that He is not far from every .one of us," the itriarch exclaimed " God is in this place, and knew it not." In the same way many emi •ants who had been deprived of the privilege : the stated ordinances of the Ohurch to which ley had been.accustomed iq the mother coun y, and had neglected somewhat their previous ibits of devotion, had by God's mercy :en brought to feel once more that God as in the place upon which they stood id . slept, and to s«y "God is in this ace, and I knew it not." Then Jacob, his gratitude, determined to honor the God ho had been so kind to him, and decided that I i that very spot he would erect a house of j rayer, and that he would give of his substance ' ir the glory of God; so it -was, in many in-; ances, with the emigrant—the same feeling of •atitude was experienced, and the same deterini ition made. Theirs was a beautiful country, not ily in its scenery, but in its fertility and in its Aden grain, and in its delicious fruits—indeed, 18 land was beautiful in every sense; all, save le spirit of' man, was divine;'but he had' no mbt that often an emigrant had thought of his Dme in the old country, and of the Church or Lnances there, and had determined to restore > himself and to his "children the privileges hich he had in times gone by so largely enjoyed. The scenery or tne pjace wnere they were assembled could hardly be surpassed ; but its loveliness would be still more beautiful when the ohurch, of which the foundation stone .bad just been laid, rose amongst these glorious hills to call men's minds back to the giver of all good. It was a cause for thankfulness that God had stirred up the hearts of His people to raise a house for His glory there, and he hoped that a good company would be gathered together, and that the church would strengthen the ties of neighbor hood, for, notwithstanding diversity of opinion and different modes of worship, he ' believed that all true Christians were one. - He trusted if that charoh might not stand first in the opinion of all, it would at least stand second, and if some could not worship in it as they had formerly been accustomed to worship, that: they would still be able to feel that they could worship in it, and to say that it was good to be there. He prayed that the blessing of God might rest upon all connected with this blessed work, and that the name of Christ might be glorified in con nection with the ordinances conducted in that church. . The benediction was then pronounced, and the proceedings closed, a collection having pre viously been made, realising £13 13s. 6d. The singing was conducted by an efficient choir, Mr. Proctor presiding at the harmonium. 