THE l.AUKCF.STOS T 1 M F.ti WnnsEHiuv, JiXD.inv 31, 1875. Wk closed onr rcmnrl;s in tho second notice of this subject, by objecting to tlio recommendation of ibo report to create a board of three us a ' Charitable Relief Commission''--one to be a salaried official and head of a department as ' Inspector of Charities.' We are sure that it would be unwelcome to tho public, and, if it be possible, we think that Govern ment should endeavour to enlist volun tory effort and local agencies. Still tho question presents such appalling difficulties that we hesitate ; at pro sent it is evident our efforts in relief are divided and almost aimless, so far as the eradication of the causes which produce pauperism is concerned. It is, in truth, an evil of our social and political system. The difficult pro blem to solve is how to deal with a mon ster which has for its hydra heads in temperance, ignorance, improvidence, crime, disease, immorality, degeneracy of race, decadence of strength and life in the community. It is a question which ought to be solved by good government. In the normal and natu ral state of a community, in a compara tively new country like Tasmania, the difficulties ought not to be too great; but they are exasperated amongst us, by ' being inherited from a former system of society,' by misgovernment, by unwise administration, by the gra dual depreciation in the value of pro perty and of almost every Interest in the community— a decline which has been going on for some years, and of which we cannot yet see the end. Knowing what our experiments in Government have done for us, and feeling the weight of departments and officials as we do, we hesitate as to tho recommenda tion of a ' department and salaried officials,' the effect of which, we imagine, will he to make both the evil and the department permanent. We have read with much interest Mr Du Cauc's speech on tho subject of pau perism, and draw tbe attention of our readers to His Excellency's advice : — ' It is said in the report of the Uoral Commission appointed by me to en quire into the charitablo institutions of the colony, that it is impossible to eradicate altogether, or ev -n materially abate, pauperism by direct agencies, and no doubt the mere offer of tem porary relief aud assistance in cases of distress, whether by the Government or prirate agencv, will never get to the root of those social and economic causes from which pauperism springs. (Hear, hear.) But, apart from the direct agen cies this society employs, there are in direct ones it can bring to bear which do appear to me to go to tho coot of tbe evil, and one of Uieso is undoubtedly the assistance » sociofy of this kind can render to the cause of education, (dear, hear.) I must, before I sit down, call the attention of this meeting to the re commendation of Uie Commission that stringent measures bo adopted to com pel the attendance at some school or other of all children receiving out- door relief j end I would ask the committee of this Society, so f» r as it may be pos sible in carrying out their work, to cn doavoor to give £omo practical effect to that recommendation. For I mnst, iu conclusion, reiterate the opiuion lex* pressed a short time since at U.o annual meeting of tho Hobart Town City Mis sion, that as the gre»tcr fortiori of tho existing vice, pauperism, and ignorance of this colony is inherited from a for mer stale of society, so, in spite even of Oenevola&t; Societies, iu spite even of the most perfect tyste'i; of in-door and out of-door relief, the taint will be trans mitted from generation to generation, unless lie chivJren of the parents ore taken in hand, aud the desire to rise to a better clato of tiling? instilled into lliem by tie earliest passible education.' His Excellency might hete ask the question of his Government, How is it that irhilpt yon spend so large an nmouut upon the education of the conntry, giving liberal aid to supwlor education, sending to English Universittos young lads of promising genius— how is it that half of the children of the country receive no odncttion at all 1 Bnt we confine ourselves to tho evidence elicited hy the commission, and take the question ob relating to J/auncaeton, with which lhe majority of oar readers will be best acquaint. The evidence of tbe Rev. Mr Price will io startling to many of us (p. 68). He says—' I should think, making n rongh guess, that there is in LauncestoQ seven hundred absolutely destitute children loading the kind of life I hnva doscribed ; mid I wottldiate. this opportunity of impressing upon thj public tho awfullydemoralising education that those children are getting.' Of course, wo understand all this. It is the LauDccston regiment of etroet Arabs, tho growing larrikins, tho youth ful prostitutes, who nro to recruit th0 army of crime and the legion of pauperism. Here is evidence as to the persistency of tho typos of social dis ease, ' inherited from a former state of society.'' A Lazarus at onr goto full of sores, or worse, we may nay, tlio public body, has a cancerous nicer eating into its very vitals, vitiating its moral and material health, not visible perhaps but to tho passing observer, and decor ously kept out of sight at sociopoli tical banquets ; where tho wisdom of our ministers, the boneficiont influence of our system of Government* our agricultural prosperity, and our mer cantile morality — all seen through tho rosy medium of tho champagne glass, are bc-praised nnd bo-landed for the information of a literary visitor. Mr Dn Cane is right in insist ing that our cflbrts should ho directed in catting nt the root of the evil, by taking the children of tlio pauper and the criminal classes in hand. It is a tnatler of police, nnd tho simple duty nf our Government is to provide: with tho reformatory and the iuduslria) school sueh elctnMitnry education for the children of the pauper and the in digent, as shall prevont them growing up to be n curso and expense to the con,mnnity. Let Government leave us in other matters to ourselves. We emphatically repeal onr words of Fri dav last :— ' Our srstem of education is a gigantic sham. It does not place the means of elementary education within tbe reach of all ; it pauperises tho children of tho well-to-do, and dis courages private schools, while it shuts the pauper children, for whom the State should provide, out of the public schools and it enables very many men veil ablo to bear tho cost of odncating their chil dren to 6hirk that duty.' Apologists of tho present system may sny, thcro is Uie compulsory law ; the oppor tunity of sending the children /of tho poor to our excellent Government schools. Mr Miison'6 evidence lots us know what this comes to in practice (p. 56) : — ' There was a case the other day in which I gave a woman authority to send her boy to the Elizabeth-street school. Next day I met Mr Brown rigg, who told me there was no room. I then suggested that as soon as a vacancy occurred the boy should be ad mitted, when Mr Brownrigg remarked that it was very hard they should have to tnkc such hoys when others could be got who wore paid for, &c--; air Price says (p. 53) .— ' So far as I can jnlge there is a disposition on the part of the parents to send their children to (io vcnimcnt schools if they could go just as they aro ; but they don't like to send them to schools where thoy must come 'into contact with othor children belter olothed. Tho intermingling .... has a very bad effect on tho poorer children, by producing tho very worst feelings towards tlio belter clothed chil dren.' The conclusions to be drawn arc, that there is an almost total and most criminal neglect of the preventive training of this unhappy ofl'spring of vice, pauperism, and crime. There is little attempt n:t the part of onr Go verntnent to pick them out of the gut ters of our ill-drained town, to cleanse thorn from Uie moral filth of its sowers, and to train them to honest lives in a healthier atmosphere. The present sys tem of Government education barely touches the evil, if — with the whole system of charitable relief — it docs not intensify and exasperate it, by tending to pauperise tlio nboloconimunitr. Onr educational system for this class should becomo a matter of police, and the whole question thoroughly seen to, before the evil increases to an extent beyond onr ability to deal with. While wo say this, we acknowledge the praiseworthy and philanthropic ofTorts of a few cxcollent men to modify this Bocial ovil in Lann coston by establishing Bunday ragged schools, but they arc powerless to deal with it oflVctutlly, and nothing but the compulsory system and industrial school training will ever do so. Some eight or ten years ago an alarm was raised in Launceston by n predic tion to the effect that the oxidation of thewatei mains was progressing with such rapidity that in a few years they would bo choked up, and very little water would percolate through Uie net work produced by oxidation. The lend ing mains which convey the water from St. Patrick's Diver to Launceston havo~ worn well, though they should have been of much larger capacity for a town which has extended so widely ?since the Water Works wero commenced in 16»7. At that tinio the new and popcr lone town north of the Tnrnar bridge had no csUtonaa. Tlio unsightly ' dead house' to the west of the Tainar bridge was almost the only strucLnrc between the bridge auii the toll-golc. The sup ply requisite for that locality was oon 8iK|itently not estimated for by those who had the responsibility of carrying out the Water Works. Neither was an extension of the 6upply to the Handbill and numerous suburban streets Inkcn into account at lbs time the works were planned for a supply of water for domestic purposes only. Subicquently the supply was found 60 plentiful as to warrant tho Council in extending the isc of the water to raanufcctnrers and for tile, moderate irrigation of gariiens. After that tho waste of water during tho summer njonUis became so great as to deprive tho ratepayers resident on the higher levels of tho fair supply of water for domestic use for which they paid tbe rate. This summer owing to the variety of expedients resorted (o by the Super intendent of Water Worki, by direction of tlio Mayor, tho supply to tho higher levels has been, with lew exceptions, qujte liberal and far superior to that Jtainablo for many yc»r« past, Jjast week another interesting experiment was made, and it was referred to by Uio Superintendent of Wator Works in bis woekly report as follows :— ' The threo inch mains from George to Uigh-streot, in Fraukland-streot, were taken np, cleaned and laid down again. Their capacity was reduced by oxidation, from tliroe inches to one, and tho oflect of cleansing is qnito apparent. Tlio re mainder of this main requires to bo similarly treated, as the pipes composing it were somo of tho old ones handed over by Government to Uio Corporation, and tho little pros sine greatly assists tho progress of oxidation. The water is now abundant on all levels.' This is a very satisfactory state of Uio Watir Works at a period of tho longest drought wo haro had those two years, audit affords another proof that when a com munity is snllcring a grievance from which exertion might roliovo them, that exertion should bo intelligently undo and persevered in unlil success or posi tive failure proves that the remojy must bo a radical aud thorough change. It is now evident that with careful manage ment and gradual cleansiug of tho smaller mains, in which tho oxidation is greatest, the oxistiug Water Works will convey a sufficient supply ol pure water to Launceslon for several }*c.arslo come.. Tim valuation roll of the Laiincnston aivJ Western Railway district has been published ni n Gazettr Extraordinary withy yMerdny's HobnrtTown Ouzelie. We intiuntcd as much in our last issue. Tlio assessment Commissioners, Mossrs P. M. lnnos, It. C. Gunn, Theodore Bsrtloy, R.M. Ayrc, aud George Gibson, nolifiy that any person who considers himself aggrieved by any valuation mado by them, may appeal to tho Court of Appeal, to be held at tho Court House, Launcoston, on Thursday, 15th February next, at 11 n.m, or may oh lain redress without tho necessity of appeal by satisfying Uio Commissioners on or before Uio sixth day before hold, ing of such Court, that he has well founded ground of complaint But no appeal will bo entertained by the said Court unless notice in writing specifying the grounds of appeal bo given to the Commissioners, in writing, at least five days previous to tho 15th February. The Div CoiCHK6 Betwrex llonAnr Towx akd Liunceston.— We nreglnd to find that the passenger tranlc between this nnd llobnrt Town has increased so largely that Mr Pago has decided unou running his doy coaches every week Jay, instead of tri-wookly. Thoy will com inence running daily on and after Friday next at the usual hours. Ceoeiionv of Adii.t BirnsM.— Last evening the large bath at Mr Ackcrmau's bathing establishment, Cameron-street, was engaged for a very unusual purpose. This was the blplisra of four adults— two of each sei— by Mr W. Brown, nn Evan gelist from Victoria. Tho ceremony, which was very siniplo, commenced about a i to8o' clock. Itconsi9tcdoffiinginga verse of a hymn expressive of deep love to the Saviour, prayer, a short address on the necessity for following tho example of Jesus, who was baptised by John the Baptist. Then Mr Brown morely look off his coat, and with his other clothing on, descended the steps of the bath until tbe water was up to his waist. Mr I!. Giuton with a suit of thin but dark clothing which he used for the purpose, descended the steps and ofter a fen* words of address Mr Bronn baptised him in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; at tlio same time throwing him backwards towards lhe steps and (piilo immerKinir im in the water. if r C. J. Lowe nest descended and *ras baptised in tho same manner. Two young women were also baptised, not together but separately. Tliere were only some nine or ten persons present, moat of them young ivomen. The ceremony did uot occupy more than twenty minutes. Hutu of IIopb Gold Misino Com ri-i-vi MnETtito. — The fifth general meeting of shareholders of this company was to liave been held in the class-mom of tho Mechanics' Institute last evening, to receive report nnd balance sheet, for cloction of directors, and other business ? but thero not being a quorum present, tlio meeting stands adjourned until 1 o'clock Hit evening The directors trust tho shareholders will attend at tbat hour. DivniKo. -Messrs. Hobertsnotirv that they will be happy to impart the' most moacrn style of dancing, ana giro private lessons. Mt-nrii, Notice.— Mr J. J. Pollard, Eianoforto tuner, .being engaged to visit ingford, Perth, and livondalc next woek. orders left for him at the poit-offlces or those townships will be attended to. The WroruN Bice Houses l'Ec Pke west.— Mr T. J. Eyau's horse King nsner, onterca tor the (Jliarumon Cup and Tasminlan Turf Club Handicap ; his homo The Monk, entered for the Grand National Steeplochaso ; and Mr Bartlolt's Victor arrived hero bv the s.s. Derwent yesterday. They had a smooth nsssag \ were lauded in prime trim, and were walked off. first to Uio International Hotel and then to the Sace Course Hotel stables near tlie training ground. AGold&keof; 30 Ounces,— At the last cloaning up of the crashing at the Tssmanian Quartz Mining Company's works referred to by our correspondent at Walorhouso, the result was a fine cake of 30 ounces- or gold. This was reoeived in town on Monday. 6i[E-»ynop n ices,— Those are to take plane on March 18th, and five events com prise tho programmo as follows :— Maiden Plate, Sherwood Handicap, Hack Ilnce, Trotting Bace, and Hurdle Race. Nomi nations addressed to tho secretary at tjatrobo will be m-elvcd on tho 17th February ; weight* to bo declared oq 7th March, nnd acceptances 10th Maroh at B p.m. For othor particulars \ro refer to the advertisement. Bizitn.— The romraitlw of the Work ing Men's Club intend giving a supple mentary buaar iu aid of tho building funq, at tl|O olub roGins on tliq raoc days— the Gth. 71 li, and 8th of February. Mrs Froit, York-street, If ra Williams at the club, and the niembors of thn committee will thankfully reoolro contributions. FiKGit BirniK — Qn Monday nest the Finttnl break will leave Micro' at 8 p.m., and will roturn on the Dili, for Iho con venieuce of passougorij to and from tho raff!. CnLPXix's Bjuss ijtb Qciddiile Baud.— Mr- George' Chnptnnn's eflleient baud which visited Launceston during the carnival week last year, will leavo Melbourne bv the Derwent on Saturday next. Mr Chapman intends to bring over both brass sud quadrille band, and the latter has been secured for tho grand bull to he given on Friday week al the Town Hall. The bind consists of Icnd inc men in the profession, organised care fully by their loader, Mr Chapman. Amongst them is the great Signor Canna, who has performed in the piece 'The Bombardincnt of Paris,' oy tou drums at once, inlrosucing the remarkable ofrccts of the discharge of thai (erriblo French weapon tbo mitraillriuc. The band will be open to ongngement duriug next vcok,'with the exception of Friday even ing. Laukcestox Heoatta.— At a com mittee nutating held last night, it was decided that the ladies' Pune should be open for mercantile nmatenra nni muhnnioitonir. Tbii being a twenty rfirp guinea prize should induce an ottra num. berof puller j to come out and compete for it. It wan also decided to have a nee for youths tinder sixteen years, two pullers apdaconwain. New Hebbides Missions.— It will bo seen from our advertising columns that the Hev. Dr. Goddie, who for twenty, five years has laboured as a missionary on tlio island of Anoityum, and who has just returned from a cruise amid tho various islands of the South Seas, will giro nn dudross on misijiooB in general, and on the Presbyterian missions in Iho boulh Sons in purlieu! a r, on (he evening of Monday ncsl, at Chalmers' Free Church. Tho friends of missions are specially invited to attend. CiTnotic 1'ic-kic Ar Losiifohd.— Tho annual feast and picnic for the Catholic children of Longford, Forth nnd Evnndalo, will take place at Longford on Thursday, 1st February. Members of all denominations will be welcome on the occasion. The small charge of Is will be made for adults ; children free. The pro ceeds to be placed to the intended bazanr fund. Music and various frames for the children will be provided. O.vr. of inn Stcntrs of Houe Him HF.SS. —A young wife in Troy curod her husband o[ o disposition to nbsent himself from home at night by providing him with an oxcelleut dinner, and saying to him afterwards*- ' George, if you find u sweeter spot than our home, deseribo it to me, nnd I will riral it if I die iu the attempt.' A kiss and a few tears com pleted the victory. ' The SioK.'-The well-known river boat ' The Sign,' belonging to Mr F. Guy, lias been altered so (Cat the original builder would uot know her. Slie wns placed on ways nt tho llussiuu Wliarf. cut ill two, and lengthened to the extent of nine feet She has been made u fiuo substantial coaster of 11 tons, intended for the Port Sorell trade, and will be ready to leave on her first trip about lhe end of the week'. This improvement in the eutl.T has lieen effected bv Mr I)™ kell. assisted by her owner, Jfr F. (lay. HonuiT Tows Pori.Tuv Snricrr.— Tlie lion, secretary of the Southern Poultry Society has forwarded us an ex ceedingly neat'pamphlct containing a list of the prizes to bo competed for at the eighteenth annual show, to be held next August, and which is published very much earlier thau usual in order that fanciers, knowing the amount of prize money offerod, may bo induced to lake greater pains in preparing their specimens for exhibition. Wo notice with pleasure that the eommitteo lias introduced prizes for dairy produce, a feature which has proved so successful in our northern so ciety's shows, and ono which wo predict will bo equally so in tho south, adding greatly to tho interest or the exhibition, nnd better still beiug of practical valuo to grocers ana outers. v» e understand u vory Inrgc number of swecpstnke entries have been registered in various classes ol poultry and canaries, several being from northern breeders. The amount of prize money offered for competition by tlio Mjciclr is something over fifty pounds, aud we are glad to learn that severelof our fanciers have signified their inlcution of exhibiting ol the coming Hobart Town show, which it is more than probable will far outstrip any of the pre ceding ones. Ifct.ir.n axi- titi: Gnr.cony's at Hom n«v.— The Aiitlnilimica says—' Mr J. W. Smith, Iho woll-knonn Uicatrical agent, is good enough to send us from Calcutta a Bengali paper containing a notico of Mr Heller's performance written in that interesting vernacular, the printed characters of which we eau say are very elcgautly shaped, aud which is no doubt a highly expressive tongue. We reserve the perusal of the nolico for a leisure moment, in a letter Accompanying the paper Mr Smith mentions that they are about commencing their sixth week nnd business contiuues very good. They mil lion iu two or three weeks to sail for liangoon, and wliilo in Bunnah Mr Smith intends to go up to Mandalay, tho capital, and endeavour to procure for business purposes the cele'jratnd hairy family. He encloses the photographs of these charm ing specimens of humanity. The King of Burmah, Mr Smith hears, has refused some very good offers for them, but, sup ported by some letters he is taking with him, he thinks lie has a good chance of semiring these missing links in the Dar winian chain of animal life. Mr (i. ]). Lewis has built a very good theatre at Calmilla, Ijiit his business has been of late rather flit. According to Mr Smith, the Gregory company has not been a great success, neither the ' Gertrude sensation' nor ' the songs of Bessie' having hit tlie tastes of Boqibay rosidonts. With some particulars about the Poinpoi nnd Cagli Opera Company, performing in Calcutta, Mr Smith concludes an interesting letter. DaiTic of Mn H. D. Wilmk.-TIio following, in reference In the demiso ot the nbore-nauiod gentleman, 'Cull Boy' ex tracts from a letter dated from London early in November last ;— ' Poor Henry Doian Wilson has at last paid the debt of nature. He died in his 2!llli year, nt Uhurch-strect, South Shore, Blackpool, Lancashire. Sinoc his return from Aus tralia as a-.-cut with Lady Don, his health has gradually succumbed, and young and volatile as he always was, he did not take that care of himself which a man of ma lurer years would have done. It is to his credit that he stood by Lady Don in all her troubles incidental oil the manage, nicntoftlio Xcwcmtle Theatre, and his doath is most acutely folt, not only by her ladyship, but by a large circle of The Aew Oovrbkob of JVkiv South Wales.-TIic Sj/dny Uomiuq Jfnald, of Wednesday last states Hint 'during the debate on the previous niiiht, upon the second reading pf tho bill for tho re duction of tho salaries of future Gover* nors, the Colonial Secretary (Mr Robert son) announced that Sir Hercules Uobin son was to leave Kncland for Sydnoy on the 31st March. His Excellency the Karl of Belmore will return to England by tho Sobraon, which mils early next month. Anr, Unitabiakisu akd Comic Wei tino ih VlcroBIA.— ' X%le»' remarks ?? —*' There is a growing love for art, and, in evidence or this, it is said that the Hon. Henry Miller has remitted £1.1500 to London fur the purchase of g«od pic tures. Ho is right this time. Is there any explicable connexion between Unjta rianisni and oomio writing? Or is it morely a coincident that the two tor rices in the Unitarian Church on last Sunday week were conducted by two ex editors of l'linch. each having nequired deserved celebrity as a witty and hu The Lacnceston Bace Meetino.— The Amlmhnmn of Saturday last re marks:— The. very mention of Tasmapia during such exceptionally hot weather at we have experienced lately, is quite re reshing, nnd we decidedly envy those lucky mortals who can escape the wither inn northerly blasts of Victoria, oven for a brief space, to visit tho beautiful island nfTnsmnnin, which, with Itsboal race at Hobart Town on the 3Dlh inst., and its race meeting at Launcoston on tlie Oth, 7th, and 8th of February, will bit mora Hum ordinarily attractive. Giving the preccdenoe to the turf, ns in duty bound, we mar expect that the Lannccston meet ing will tins year be a very good one. There haB been a revolution in racing matters fit the old-fashioned little English town on the Tamar, and the Liuncpslo nians ore evidently bent on -miking the annual meeting as attractive to cueing men In all the colonies as it is possible to le. Since Mr OoVcr established his house hold gods in Iho little island, he hut, as might be oipcotedofsoonthuslastloa sup porter of racing, lent a helping hand, mid no doubt his hotel in Launceston will be (I|C headquarters of the turf world during Iho meeting. Tho programme whjoli lw, appeared in ourcolumns. and tho entriei already mode, give ptomisq of some oxccl ent sport under tho patronage of His ixcelloncy thcGorcrnor, and tlio di(e of Tasmanlan sooioly, who trill bo present on the pretty little course of itowW. Additional Mail Via SrKZ to £no U!TD.-Tlie Sjfilnw ilorninq Herald in reference to Uio detention of tho Nubia sayn— ' Tho Bangalore will tbuW. as nn extra steamer, on Tuesday, 131b Pehrn «y. The Boroaa, 1874 tons, 450 torse, power, Trill relieve the Beharon the Aw tolun line,' OPENING OF ST MARY'S SEMINARY Hoiiaht Towk.— Nearly fourteen years, says tho ITmury, have elapsed since the discontinuance of St. Mary's Boman Ca tholic Seminary, conducted by the Bcv. Mr Bond, who left for England iu 1858. On tho arrival of the Most Itev. Bishop Murphy, successor to Bishop Willson, ono of Uio first objeots contemplated by his Lordship was the. establishment of an in termediato school foryoun'' ladies, which tion with tho KsSion'Vuns'Tnie Bishop then, as it is understood, 6ct his miud upon the formation of a similar iu stilution for boys, iu other words, (he resuscitation of Hie St. Mary's Seminary ; and his Lordship resolved to give up his residence in Macquarie- streel, for the purposes of tho seminary. Thursday, the Feast or tlio Conversion of St. Paul, was appointed for tho formal opening, when a goodly number of ladies nnd gou tlcinen accepted tho invitation of tho Hector, the l?«v T. Kclsh, to attend. Aiuoug the visitors wcro tho Itcv. Dr. Forrest, Hector of St. John's College, Sydney, nnd the Hon. Mr O'Sliannssy, of Victoria. The Most Itev. the Bishop haviug been called away n few days ago to assist at the opening of the Cathedral of AnniJale,, rad lit tlie festivities in the diocese of Halhurst, Ken- South Wnles, was represented by tho Very llcv. Hr Marum, Vicar-Gcnoral, who presided on the occasion. Tile. Hoik. Messrs. llecclii uor, Woods, irenncbry, Kelsh, Fitzgerald, &c;, were also present . About a dozen 3'oung gentlemen, intending ' studculs at the seminary, were iu attendance, and ap peared to take much interest in the pro ceedings. The nicotine was addressed by the Vicar-Gcnoral, Itcv. Dr. Forrest, the hon. ,1. OShannassy, Dr. K. S. Hall, Itcvs. Messrs Fitzgerald and Kelsh. 