Dramatic and Musical Review. " Justice always whirls In equal measure."-LOVE'S LABOUR'S LOST. DEARTH of intelligence, ¡incl thc knowledge that what l'ttle there was for discourse with tho renders of the Journal would keep over for another week without, losintr anything by the delay, caused tho absence of my usual communication from last week's paper. Pearce Dyeeton, a ri eli Lou lon merchant (Mr. Welsh), having been addicted to gambling, finn's himself fleeced by a gang of blacklegs, amongst whom are Captain Swyndlcton Wylde, (Mr. Bartlett), and one Tatwell (Mr. Frank Hussey); and having detected tho latter in the act of cheating, he, in a moment of passion, snatches up a knife and stabs him, leaving him for dead. Ho then makes his escape from London, taking with him Tat well's orphan infant- daughter, in order to adopt her, as some reparation for hi? crime, aud reaches Sydney whero ho soon again becomes wealthy and establishes himself in au elegant villa somewhere about Balmain. But Captain Wylde hits also como out to Sydney (thc climate of SO-ENE FllO.M W. H. COOPIUl'S NEW PLAY OF "HAZARD." London having altered and assumed-for lum-au almost tropical heat), and soon finds out his old dupe Dyceton ; trading on his knowledge of the stabbing of Tat well, he threatens him with disclosure, extorts i money from him continually, procuring at length ¿835(1, and finally compels his victim to assent to his man-in yo with tho unhappy supposed daughter, Eva (Miss Dolly Green), who is courted by ono Harry Wortlio, ii most dolefully lugubrious wealthy squatter and bushman, as represented by Mr. Milner. But, cruel fate sends Tatwell (alive and kicking-not murdered) also to Sydney,-wonderful ! how tliis fair country is always made a home for all the rascality of tho world-in a dramatic poiut of view: ho seems to be a Yankee now, in a small shipping business, owner of a cutter, destined, no doubt, for Fiji, to join the royal and ministerial fleet. Ho recognises thc jolly fat Captain, joins him in tho plundering business to go halves. For some reason or other ho enters tho service (unknown to Swyndloton) of Dycoton, as Jako, a nigger footman, tho merchant quito unaware of tho proximity of tho mau ho believes to bo dead, who, however, at once recognises his daughter, and determines to save Dyceton from tho fleecing claws of Wylde, and to unmask tho latter, who has doubled on him too frequently. In repeated interviews between tho two confederates, tho Captain is astonished at Tatwcll's knowledge of his plans, (gained in his disguised capacity as tho nigger servant, popping on him at awkward moments when ho does not appear to bc listening to his outspoken thoughts), and determines to get rid of so troublesome a customer. For this tin opportunity soon presents itself, ol course His Majesty of thc Plutonian shoro boing always ready to make opportunities for his devoted followers. Dyceton, in a fit of despair, tells Eva of his past careen1 and crime, and the position in which he is com pulsorily placed by Wylde, subsequently informing her of her real parentage. Grateful for his past kindness to her, Eva determines to sacrifice herself to Wylde, in order to save the man who had adopted her, and volun tarily resigns Harry Wortho, tho lover of her choice. Tho latter, already incensed against Wylde for his im pudent conduct in Dycotou's house, and stuug by his coarse triumphant remarks and threats, gives him a sound lesson and warning. Leaving tho scene, he drops his knife, engraved with the owner's name. Wylde p:.cks it up, and is immediately uifted with tho happy thought of killing two birds with ono stono-a remark overheard by nigger Jake-namely to dress himself up so as to rcsomblo Harry, and in this guise to moot Tatwell, with whom ho has an appointment on board tho cutter, and, stabbing him with Harry's knifo, get rid of his enemy, and throw tho crime evidently on his rival lover. But another party has seen him and Harry in similar dresses within a moment of each other, and informs tho latter that his ghost or double is on tho road to tho wharf. Thither they and two detectives follow him, witness tho attack on Tatwell, (who gives him an unexpected chance,) rescues the latter from tho water, and recognises Wylde ns he makes his escape. Tho wedding morning has arrived, tho Captain is nbout to lead his weeping brido to thc altar, when enter Harry, branding the Captain as a villain and a scoun drel, ho being followed by detectives searching for tho mau who had attempted tho murder tho evening before. Tho Captain at once accuses Harry, tho knife is produced, Harry owns it, and on Wylde telling tho detectives to ask him whore is Tatwell, nigger Jake throws off his mask, exclaiming " Hero" to Dyceton's great joy, and Wylde's ineffable disgust, ho hoing now handcuffed, and marching off with his gay unrullled debonuair manner like Marinno Mariam in " Not a Bad Judge." Eva and Harry pair off, and tho same wedding dross servos her for tho happy occasion. Such is tho plot, of " Hazard," an original three-act sensational drama by Mr. Walter H. Cooper, which hus I been filling tho Victoria Theatre with expectant crowds j every evening for the past fortnight, ever ¡¡ince Mr. j Bartlett undertook thc management. lt will be seen ' that it is not BO sensational but that it might be truo, although we arc not aware that such events are inscribed in thc annals of Sydney. There are several other characters in the piece which serve as padding for tho filling in of the whole, but aro hardly needed for tho development of tho plot,-Mrs. Guunt'ey, a governess, (Miss Melville) in reality the first wife of Wy.de ; her employer, Sponge Loafer, Esq., M.L.A., a wholesale murderer of Her Majesty's English, scattering his h's broadcast through the land, -represented by Mr. Andrews as a cross between a certain reverend gentleman and the stoutest and biggest member of tho '"Ouse" for many sessious ; that gentle man's fashionably educated and fastidious daughter, Matilda, (Miss Morgan); and the entrapped beau of the latter,-one Xew.ing Eawes, a new chum, (Mr. Deer ing) an interesting specimen of humanity, whose pecu liarly idiotic propensity is to forgot the name of almost overytliiug, merging all things into their GENERIC terms of "thingummy," "What-you-may-call-it," or " What's his name." Mr. Cooper has served his apprenticeship to dramatic literature, and his second degree in tho art is marked by a very visiblp improvement sip.ee the production of Australia, and also Herr Herrninn, tho violinist (brother I believe to tho pianist who formerly lived here). I shall have, no doubt, other opportunities of hearing and of speaking of their performances. The Society's orchestra and glee club, with Mr. Greenfield, M. Del Sarto, a lady amateur, nnd Mr. Hellyer, contributed the remaining items of of the programme. "Mazeppa," recalling reminiscences of Ducrow Astley's, Batty's, and other time-honoured circuses' with its cavalcade, and tho steed " again urging on Ins' wild career," has been given at Taylor and Bird's well managed circus, whither tho people sei. in never to tire" of going. Mr. and Mrs. J. P. West were specially engaged for the two principal characters. Tho circus has had an unexampled career pf success here for many weeks, a proof that circuses, if.'well managed are sure to pay, and an equally convincing proof that that this particular establishment is especially will managed. Mr. Taylor's benefit, on Thursday, was honoured by tho patronage of his Excellency the Governor. On Saturday afternoon the young folks will have another opportunity- and, I believe, the last one-of enjoying the fun. Even circuses appear, not to be exempt from tho usual professional squabbles since the management announces that Wallace [ "^Colonial Experience," "Sun and Shadow," and " Foiled." There is a continuity in the plot of i " Hazard," which prevents any disturbance in the i current of interest until the disclosure of Jake to Wylde and Dyceton. There is a far more marked individuality ' givoa to some of thc characters who may bo taken as j types of classes. Thc piece plays more closely together than is usual in the productions of inexperienced ' writers, and boars evident signs of having been care fully pruned of redundant phrases. There is au absence of low, slaney, language ; and there are occasional passages of very pretty writing-not high- flown hysteri cal inflations, but unaffected sentiment, especially in thc scenes between Dycoton and his adopted daughter. There arc of course faults, but these Mr. Cooper will overcome as be gaius experience. The sentiments and bad English of Loafer, only roflect. disgrace on our elective system, however true may bc the sketch in tho abstract. Thero are one or two breaches of strict dramatic law, but tho piece is a good piece, well put together, and the plot not without interest ; it will, no doubt, prove acceptable in other places and other countries, though of course it cannot bo taken as evidence of colonial life in Australia. It is understood that Mr. Cooper having met Mr. Hussey, and being impressed with an idea of his drama tic abilities, induced him to consent to appear on the stage, and pi'omised to write tho doublo part of Tat well and Jake, especially for him. Mr. Hussey does credit to Mr. Cooper's penetration ; his part is tho pivot on which tho entire play turns, and Mr. Hussey imparts great interest to the scones in which ho appears -especially as the nigger. His demeanours when engag ing with Dyceton is most amusing ; how quickly ho refuses the situation when tho merchant offers to take him "on trial," he having had "atrial" before a very different master-a magistrate-a few days before ; stolidly stupid when constantly at the back of Wylde, watching and dogging him, yet with an appear ance of " nigger " innocence. Tho Captain's charac ter suits Mr. Bartlett to a T ; he is tho burly, sneaking bully, yet cowardly enough in thc presence of those who aro physically stronger than ho is. But, though modern fashion may permit of a man's being married in a morning suit, ho might bo more elegantly attired. Squatters and even bushmen like Harry Wortho are also proverbial for being tolerably smart when exhibiting themselves in Sydney Tho iMsc-cn-sccnc is admirablo m every respect : siucc Mr. Wilson has painted tho proscenium pillars, &c;, the geuei-al scenery looks clean, neat, and tasteful -in thc garden scene thero arc reminiscenscs of the " Two Hoses." Tho properties in tho interior and tho views of tho water and Sussex-street (by Mr. Clint) are good._ Mr. Wilson's picture of Darling Harbour,*by moonlight, with a view of Sydney from Balmain is a triumph of artistic skill, quito in tho style of tho bridge scene by Henniugs in " After Dai-k," and worthy of the brush of a master. Mr. Eenno contributes all his well known acknowledged mechani cal skill to aid in the effect of this scene : tho houses and streets aro lighted ; the water uudulates ; boats pass and re-pass ; anon a steamer, rushing very quickly, however, and looking as if she were on liro ; in fact, we have a pretty local diorama. Messrs. Wilson and Ecuuo have a legitimate share in thc success of "Haz ard." Our engraving roprcsouts the tableau at tho end of tho second act, when Wylde having disguised asWorthe, stabbed Tatwell and thrown him overboard, is escaping just as Worthe himself appears and rcsues Tatwefl from thc water. Wo understand that tho author has entered into au arrangement with Mr. Bartlett and Mr. and Mrs. Hussey, and that tho combination thus formed intend travelling with tho drama through America to England. Tho Philharmonic Society, which has, unfortunately, been in extremis for some time, giving no signs of life, announced a beucfit concert at tho Masonic Hall on Tuesday evening, introducing to the public a now pian ist, Mr. lîcginald Toms, an artist unknown to fame in and Madame Anereau no longer be oug to tho company, which is, however, sufficiently largo to do without them. Gourlay's Exhibition of Waxworks and other amusing items continues to attract admirers; whilst Mr. Spencer's admirably conducted and instructive Museum is recognised as one of tho leading entertainments of Sydney. A number of interesting items arc on my note paper, but I must defer them till next week. BIRON. 