CREED OF POPE PIUS IV. . . No. XVIII.-, . . E have yet. another so-called mark of .ithe true Church " to dispose of, viz., the .'M Apostohcity of the Ghurchi of Rome," before we leave the tenth article of the \Creed of eveiy Romanist. , , Roman Doctors, such as Ghalloner, Hay, Dens, Milner and others, define " Aposto- liclty " to mean that the Roman Church . was. " founded by the Apostles," is " apos- ; folical in doctrine," has succession from the Apo.stles," and has the " same mission." By, affirming all tliese jjoints respecting the ' Roman Church these Doctors, . in the lan- . guage of Pope Pius IV, demand that every Rotaaiiist. shall believe and swear that the Roman Church is the only "|Apostblical Church." We propose to deny each of these . particulars, and to establish our denial with proof. In the first place, we deny that the Roman Church was founded hy the -Apos- Scripture there is not any very distinct account of the founding of the Roman Church ; but whatever account is given makes it quite cei-tain that it was not founded by any of the Apostles. .There is not the most distant hint in Scripture t that Peter founded it, unless in this way, that the " strangers from Rome " who were converted in Jerusalemi on the day of Pen- . tecost, by the preaching of Peter, can-ied home the truth which they had heard, and thus gathered the fii'st Church in Rome. It seems as clear as the Holy Ghost thought it necessary to be made so, that the Roman Church was founded hy laymen. The strangers from Rome" referred to as present at the preaching of Peter in Jera- saleiu on the day of Pentecost were laymen, ; Jews probably, who had gone up to Jeru salem to attend the annual feasts, and ; hearing among the crowd of Peter's au- , dience the proof which he gave that Jesus was the Christ, they believed, and then, when baptized, carried back the glad tidings "to their, countrymen in Rome, and pro pagated, a faith there, and gathered a . Church, of which Paul says, in his epistle 'to the Romans, that its faith was so exem plary that it was " spoken of in all the world." Now, when Paul wrote this letter he had not yet been to Home. And when afterwards he did reach Rome, and he sent for the Jews residmg there to explain to them the faith of Christ, so small and ob scure was the Church in the " Eternal City " that these resident Jews said to him, " We desire to hear from thee what thou thinkest; for as coucerhing this sect we know that it is everywhere spokenagainst." All reasonable pei-sons will accept this as decisive of the point that the Roman Church was founded neither by Peter;nor by Paul, and as no other of the Apostles is even- suspected of having had a share in the work, the conclusion which no Romish Doctor cian -shake is that it was founded hy laymeit. , ' We hope that by this time there is no caiidid and intelligent Roman Catho lic in Sydney who accepts the now exploded <radi<tow that Peter was for twenty-five years Pope of Rome. A greater historical falsehood could not be invented. The late discutoipn in Rome itself has proved to the half of Romish Europe that this is one of the flagrant impostuves which have long been the basis of priestly power. The Priests themselves whom the Pope autho rised to discuss with the three Protestant ministers abandoned the lying tradition, and sought to take shelter under the theory that if Peter had been only one day in Rome, theii point was gained ; but it was not so ; nor is there proof in Scriptuie or . in. history that Peter was ever in Rome even for one day! It is therefore without the slightest foundation that Roman Catho lics are required to believe that the Roman Church is " Apostolical " because it was founded by the Apostles ; for none of the Apostles had any hand in founding it, unless in the sense in which it was said that they founded a?Z the Churches, by their preaching in Jerusalem and the doc trine which they taught. The second point here, in proof of the " Apostolicity " of the Roman Church, is that the doctrine oi that Roman Church is the doctrine of the Apostles. But; this is the most arrogant and unfounded claim which men desperate in their cause could make ; and, in fact, it could not be made unless by men who deny to their readers and hearers the right to read and judge for themselves. The ChtU'ch denies to her peeple the right to seai-ch the Scrijitures, and to try her teachings by the teachings of Scripture. She requires that the people shall accept what she says, and what she inte/i'prets ; and if they dare to do other wise than understand the Scripture as she affirms, she denounces them as heretics who dare to test the Church hy private judgment. What is the use, therefore, of the Church referring to any passages in Scripture to prove that the doctrines of the Roman Church are the doctrines of the Apostles 1 for, unless, every Roman Catholic will read and interpret the passages quoted as the Church reads and interprets them, she will cut them off as apostates and hei'etics ! And. then, what is the use of our producing passages to. prove that the doctrines of the Roman Church ai-e the very opposite of the doctrines of the Apostles, since Roman Ca tholics are prohibited from accepting any ex planations unless those of the Church, and they dare not use their own judgment to understand for themselves? Such is the awkward and helpless position in which Roman Catholics are placed. The Church affirms that she has and retains the doc trine of the Apostles, and the people miist believe on pain of heresy ! If any Roman Catholic were to ask the Piuests for the lroof that the doctrines of fhe Church are the doctrines of the Apostles, ' the Priests would answer the enquirer by Avarning him that such questions implied unbelief and doubt unbecoming cv Catholic '; and so he would be dismissed Avith the practical cen- sure upon Ills inquisitiveness tuat a good Catholic believes that it is so without enquiry ! All this is pretty good evidence that the Church is conscious that she can not afford to answer questions. She knows that the claim is false that she has and maintains the d'octnne of the Apostles. The supremacy of St. Peter is nOt a docti'ine of tlie Apostles, and never did any of the Apostles acknowledge Peter as Pope : on the contrary, it Avas James who was in the chair at the first Council at Jeru.salem ; it Avjis not the decition of Peter which, the Council followed ; and Paul, on a subse quent occasion, "withstood Peter to the face, because he Avas to be bliamed." The Mass, Trausubstantiation, Pui'gatory, Con fessiou, and Indulgences are not doctrines of the A postles ; for there is not one single word in Scripture, honestly interpreted, .to countenance such heathen practices. And if any one will candidly read Paul's epistle to the Romans, he will be satisfied that the doctrines of the Church of Rome concerning "grace,justification, repentance, and good Avorks," are as opposite to the teaching of the Apostles as light is opposite to darkness, and truth to error. IC Roman Catholics will read and judge, without the overshadowing tyranny of the Church, Ave are certain that this will be the conAdction of every one of them. The third point which Romish Doctors advanfce to prove Apostolicity of the Roman Church is that it has a "succession from the Apostles." Now, of all the ab surdities which haA'ebeen invented tobolster up a rotten cause this is that Avhich aiuAises us most ; but as Ave have already exceeded our space for these short articles, and the proof must be stated, with some particulars, we shall reseive this and the .fourth point for our next issue. A IGAL QUEOTION.7;;'" In connection with the subject of mixed marriages;" tiiere is a question which deserves some consideratiom ' , ,It touches, the law which Scripture enjoins, and the laAV of the land, viz., the rights of the head of the family in reference to the religious upbringing of his children. We learn that as the Romish Church cannot compel the young Avomen belonging to her to court and marry Romish hus bands ; as they Avill look over the Avall to young Protestant lovers ; as they decidedly prefer a Protestant husband, ff they can get one ; as they disregard the denunciai- tions of the Bishop, and the Avarningk oif the priest ahout the danger of manying heretics : as they Avill avail, themselves of ,"a dispensation" as often as they can, their gracious and watchful mother has fallen upon a device Avliich intends to make tlungs as fight as possible. This is it : the priest takes the Protestant husband and his Romish Avife into a vestry, and before the ceremony is perfofirie'dfhe asks the Protestaht man to sigh a p'apex, assign ing either the Avhole , or the females of the children to the mother to be brought up as " Catholics." In some cases tlie men have refused to be so bound ; but as the priest has insisted, and the bride, in hysterics of love and tears, has added her enti'eaties, " that all may be peaceful and happy," some have yielded, while others have said that they . Avill go and get married in another church rather than yield to such tricks of the priests. Generally, Avhen this resistance has been persisted in, the priest has reluc tantly consented to marry the parties, and with the worst gracOi The legal jmint Avhich we intend t,p sub mit to our f eadei-s, and Pur legal friends, is this : Suppose thProtestant man signs a paper engaging that the children shall be brought up as Catholics, arid that the marriage ceremony proceeds after this engagement ; suppose- that afterwards, when chUdi-en are bom, he changes his mind, and' refutos to let any of them to be baptized, or trained, in connection Avith the Romish Church ; what then ? What can the wife do? What can the priest do? If the wife, at the iristigatiori of the priest, deceives her husband ; if she . hides aAvay the children ; arid if she compels them to attend a church or school contrary to the Avish of the father, Avill ' the docu- merit Avhich the father formerly signed be a bar against his proceeding for the cus tody of his children, and his right to have their training conducted according to his present desire ? If the priestly antenuptial documents bind the father, as an antenuptial settle ment of prppeidy Avould dp, ought the Legislatures alloAV them to be made rmder the exceptional circumstances in Avhich they are signed ? Is riot " uridue influence " manifest upon the face of them ? Is it not a.species of ecclesiastical touting -and trap ping, when a man maybe said to be off his guard, and when he is alriiost entreated and forced to do a. deed which , is repented of within twenty-four hours after it is done? Then, on the other hand, if the said docu ments, signed lirider the' direction of the Priest, rind previous to iririiTiage, have no legal effect, : and cannot deprive the father of his rights to have and train his children, ought the Legislature to allow such docu ments to be signed at all, since they are documents made and signed under false pretences ? ' The question is ' deservmg of some autho ritative and resppnsible ansAver. ' W e know of parents who have been entrapped, and who have since repented. The father, divided in his mind and uncertain, acts loosely. He doubts his legal rights. He says that he yielded under undue influence when he signed, but that having signed, he now is threatened with consequences if he does not comply. And thus, under a spe cies of protest, the wife has her own way in the up-bringing of the children, and there are' constant discomfort and distrust in the family, in consequence of the Priest. ; Oiu- own opinion is that such antenuptial agreements cannot override the husband's legal rights, and that they are not binding upon those who sign them. They seem to us to be fraudulent and immoral in their character and obj ect. No Church can have a right thus practically to set up a new marriage law. It is reducing opinion and conscience and religion to the same cate gory as goods and chattels. It is an ecclesiastical dodge to set aside the law of nature, and to set up the " the Church." Eorj if a man be careless at marriage, is he never afterwards to bethink himself? and, should he bethink himself, is he to be ever afterwards precluded from changing his mind? If a man. before mai-riage thinks nothing of priestly power, and imagines that he will be able to manage his Wife, but after marriage finds that his wife and his hbusd are noti ins b,— that Jim. m has objects which she wdl not .tell to Jiiniy and secrets which she will not diAUilge 'to /iiuirthat his wife rind home and children are more under the control ; and , influence , of the , P;riest than imder his own ; if . a man finds this out and gets his eyes opened, is he tb be bound for ever to submit to this because a Priest exacted a ' document from hiin before marriage? and are his house and children to be diAuded' from him that the Priest and the wife may triumph bvbr hiiri ? We think nbt. We dcidey maintain that Avhile the husband vtiil jbe bound to give lus vtife liberty of worship, he 'has only to order the. Priest about his business, and control the training arid 'lip- bringing of his children according to the law of the land, disregai'ding the priestly antenuptial document, and the courts of laAv will maintriin his cause. We shall be glad, howevex, to have the opinion of our legal friends. In anothercolumnwegiveanextractfrbm. a Canadian paper, which has been sent to us to shoAv to our readers that Popery in that country is precisely the same in its object and spiiit as here. A veiy thoughtless and inconsistent Protestant married a Rom ish woman, doubtless siqjposing, as all such, inconsistent pei-sons do, that religion would make no difierencei in their household, . or in the domestic work of bringing up their children. He found, however, that he hod reckoned without his host. As no writtfen a'eeinent had been made at the time of marriage, as the Priests now demand, the husband seems to have thought that his wife would obey his orders in the matter of bringing up his childi-en. But in, this he has been mistakeri. Probably a woman of any other religion would have done so : but, as a Romanist, the wife in this case did no such thing. The Priest ca,me be tween the husband and the lyife. , Blie must obey the Priest before her husband. She must remember that the Church is before the family. Arid so, she will des troy the peace of her family, destroy trie confidence of her husbandj and reduce -rier home to a desolation that the Priest may be pleased, in forcing the children to be brought up as members of his Criuiori ! Tliis, then, is what comes of " mixed mar riages." Twenty y ears of married life did not suffice to weaken the siqierstitious reverence of the Avomian for the authority of the Priest. That Jong period did not suffice to make the husband and wife one. The Priest, all that tiirie, stood between the man and the Avoman, and there never Avas the u nion of a true marriag e. The husband was the Priest, so far as authority Avas con cerned. The secrets of the family and the government of the house were not Avith trie legal Imsband, but Avith the clerical director of the woman's conscience. She, following trie direction of her spiritual husband, neu tralizes all the religious instruction Avhich the lecal husband has been imparting to his children. By her influence sfiesucceeds in making the txvo eldest children Roman ists : but as the husband determines tha,t the rest shall be brought up Protestants, the Avife, true to her priestly servility, resists, and makes off Avith her children where the husband cannot trace them. , He applies to the coui-t, but even then the. wife is his match ; for Avith a Priest and a Bishop to aid her, the children are so securely disposed of that even the law in the lower courts of justice fails. Such is the family happiness which absurd Protestants get- who Aviirtake Avives Avho are subject to a Priest. The confessional ought to scare any Protestant Avho contemplates marriage with a Avoman Avhose heai-t and conscience have been given to a Priest. The Pro testant who is content to take a Romish, wife, devoted as she must be to the Priest, and must reveal to him all her secrets and intei-ests, and must obey him in preference to the legal husband, is content Avith a body, and sometimes with scarcely that; but the heart, the conscience, and the love are divided, if not absolutely gone. "With out these what Avoman can be a wife? It is eAudent that the Southern Argus cannot forget the Orange triumph in the city of Goulburn. So long did our contem porary manage to scare freedonf of opinion out of that neighb.oiu'hood that it looks with dismay upon the new order of things. With Father Dunne at its back, and a few Holy Guild roAvdies of St. Peter and St. Paul as the vanguard, the Argus thought to impi-ess Goulbum with a wholesome dread of the Church's anger. How, there fore, could it do otherwise than stand aghast at the actual state of things, and alternatively drivel about the greatness and the nothingness of the Orange Lodge in the. city? The Argus says that the lodge is so small and uninfluential that it does not deserve a moment's thought, and yet for ', jblie'itld p fpurtli iinie it .has produced a . . leader ) deprecating the presence and influ . enoe - of Orangeism in Goulbui'n ! The ; editor'is a good illustration of the boy who : whistles in the dark to keep his, courage ; up., We are glad at his whistling : for we ow the cause. He is quite disappointed ' that pone of his ruffian Guildmen has an- iprered the prayers of .Father Dunne. He .looks .with sorrow upon the young Austia-; : dians who are becoming' persuaded that ''Oningeifem is not the .black Aunt Sa.lly y.which Father Dunne and his co-Priests . hare been painting and shying at. And he tries to convince his readers that the gentlemen who visited Goulburn from Syd- , ney returned with chagrin at. the feebleness of the cause. ; But he is quite mistaken.. . There is good prospect for the lodge at Goulburn. If the brethren there will only hold on ; if they will|not be provoked into . any indiscretion by; the slanders and re-. . preaches and persecution of the Priests'' men and the milk-and-water Protestants ; ; if they will hold to one another, and support ; one , another ; if they will illustrate their . principles by conduct becoming— the cause is gained, and the Southern Argus will write in vain, and circulate in vain the obsolete lies about Orangemen being f con spirators, against the public peace." The oditor predicts that Orangeism in, Goulburn will yet be the cause of bloodshed but we are quite sure that a came is none the worse for this, that it has been "propagated amid bloodshed ; the Gospel itself began and advanced amid siifTering and blood ; and this we know that the first blood, will . be di-awn by those . ruffian readers of the Argm whose only ambition is to serve the Church and establish its. power by riot and violence. : i Cardinal Cullbn arid his Bishops and Priests in Ireland have promptly met ' to denounce the " recrearit " aiid " apostate " Judge who has given pai'ty power in Ire land a blow from which it will, not soon recover. And as they thought that the best way to answer the Judge was to use high-flown and imperious language, their manifesto deals in magniloquent terms, and it assumes a tone of concern for Freedom and J ustice which is quite refreshing ! One would imagine, if one did not know better, that the Cardinal and his Pilests were the kindest, most innocent, and best injured people in all the country. " A great cala mity," they say, "has befallen the Church." " A judge," they add, " a Catholic," has committed the great, and unpardonable crime of exposing the tricks of the Church to get political power, and pack the Legis lature with votes to give that domination in the schools which is the chief hope of the Ulti-amontane Priests. There is one expression in the indignation manifesto of the Cardinal which is worthy of the study of political philosophers and historical students, viz., " that the cause of freedom in Ireland is identified with the Catholic Church." This is alleged in reply to the -Judge, who has shown that the Church has been- ti-ampling liberty under foot, and re ducing the franchise of the people to a mere tool in the hands of the Priests to aggrandise the Church ! The J udge has Just proved by overwhelming evidence that , the priests conspire to destroy liberty ; and the Cardinal answers him by affirming that the cause of liberty in Ireland and the Catholic Church are identical ! It is manifest that every penal law which has been passed with reference to Ireland has been so passed because of the dangerous and tyrannical power of the Church. It is matter of the plainest history that had it not been for the traitorous doctrines and practices of the Church," the people of Ireland would never have been the subjects of exceptional legislation. It is the politi- cal and dangerous power of " the Church " which is the Avhole difficulty of Ireland. Were the Romish Church like any other Church — were her priesthood -like the ministry of any other ecclesiastical body — Irela,nd would long ere this have been truly incorporated with England and Scotland, and lie same peace, content, and prosperity which result to England and Scotland from ; the Dnidn would have been also flowing to Ireland ; but because of those fomenters of sedition, those teachers of Ultramontane heresy, those sworn upholders of the Canon and the dominancy of the Pope, the people of Ireland have been led to look upon England as their mortal and "bloody " eriemy ; and hence severity has been used, . and precautions have been taken which would never have been heard of otherwise ; these are being undone as the State thinks they can be done with safety; but from this it is evident that whatever lack of freedom there, is in Ireland, whatever inequality, whatever disability, is wholly . owing to the "Catholic Church." Let the Catholic Church " disown her "damnable doctrines;" let her be a Church and not a political icorpiation ; jet her confine herself to her false religion, and not setup pretensions! to political power, and then, while Protestants 'will pity lier deluded people in their Mary worship and . purgatory terror, they will never have occasion to resort to Judges and Courts to tear from her clutches that terri ble political weapon which she. now uses to make, the people slaves, and to defeat the legislature. The Cardinal is just as false in his assertion that the confessional is not made use of for political purposes as he is when he says that the freedom of Ireland is identified with ; the Catholic Church. The history of Europe is the proof that the confessional has been the chief engine in the political movements of the day. The confessoi's of kings and queens have, as everybody knows, beenmoreeffective agentSi with the Papacy than ordinary diplomatists. And is not the distinction of the Cardinal himself sufficient to convict him of false hood ill the face of the world. He says that the questions of the Priests in the confessional have nothing to do -with any thing but with "mortal sins." : But is it not mortal sin to disobey the Church? Is it not mortal sin to act upon private judgment ? . If the peril of childi'en must be avoided— if the rights, so-called, of the Church are to be sacrificed! — if the souls of the ignorant are in danger of damnation, and the Church decides that every member of Parliament who can be gained must be gained to avoid this ruin, is it not mortal sin for the people to defy the wisdom of " the Chiu'ch," and vote contrary to in structions ?: and yet the Cardinal has the audacity to say that such conduct as this will not be inquii- ed into in the confessional, and that the Priest irihis confessional box, will not, beforehand, take care that such sin be not committed ! It is impossible not. : to . remember, when reading such priestly denials as these, the Jesuit maxim that it is " lawful to equivocate " when the good of the Church is to be secured. It is impossible not to shudder when we have before us, in such denials, actiial instances of the Jesuit morality which Maynooth has been teaching for years past, one of the principles of which is, that " an oath may : be used" to confirm what is really a false hood if there be no other way of serving the Church ! The confessional is either- competent to enquire into political matters or it ignores more than half the sins of the people ! . .. The " talkee-talkee" of our Colonial Parliament is past for a month or two, and the deserted halls are to undergo a thorough renovation and, alteration so as to shelter the members from " uncomfortable drafts." We would suggest, if this is to be done effectually, that the passage to the Refresh ment Room should be blocked up, and that a door should be opened towards the Trea sury house ; for we have heard that the most uncomfortable and injurious drafts come by way of the former, and that most of the members feel that all discomforts and colds and rheumatisms would be cured by drafts coming by way of the latter ! Be this as it may, the worn out officials will get a little rest, the indefatigable members will have time to prepare for the coming campaign, and the ministers will be able to enjoy their otium Avith as much of dignity as circumstances Avill alloAv. The session commenced with gi-eat promise. The neAv Ministers were to right every wi-Ong — to abolish every evil — -to settle every difficulty — to answer every petition of groaning civil servants — and to vindicate the cause of the suffering working men. Of course, they have not fulfilled the promise, nor have they satisfied the desires of their sanguine friends. But the cause is plain — Sir James Martin has hindered them I This is the account Avhich Freeman gives last Saturday, and. of course as the state ment is quasi and semi-official (for who should know better ' than Mr. Butler) Ave are bound to regard it as the feeling of the Cabinet "in which he has the distinguished honor to hold a portfolio." But tins is a very lame way of excusing the barrenness of the session. When the promises were made it was to be expected that Sir James Avould be in the house. , If not he, some one else would act as "Her Majesty's' Opposition." As the tone of Mr. Parkes was very defiant, and the boast of the neAv team very confident, it was to be expected that Mr. Forster Avould show his " cro- chetine,ss," and Mr. Martin his "factious opposition." Well, then, if this was to be expected, what was. the use of promising? and what was the use of the promises ? We suppose that the ministers did as muclr as they could, else we must accuse them of dishonesty ; but if they did their best, and their best is really nothing, it is mere pre tence to throw the blame upon others. Even Freeman says that the new Ministry has done nothing; and that ministerial journal has committed itself to this extra- prdinaiy act of independency of threatening that if morebe not done during the next ses sion, it will lose all confidence. in the new Ministry 1 Is this the first hint of dissen sion in the Cabiriet ?' ' Is this a small .straw Avhich shows that the Avind is not bibAvihg fair from St. Mary's? We suspect that Freeman has less to thank the new Minis try for than we have. For' exariiple, Mr. Parkes voted against Mr. Butler in the matter of a chaplaincy for Biloela and the Vernon ; arid the Church lo.st £50 thereby. Will Freeman say that this is nothing? yet we thank the new Ministry for this. Then Mr. Butler Avas compelled, much against his will, to can-y on the prosecution ' which the last Ministry commenced against the Priest at Singletori for a breach of the Lottery Act ; and Ave doubt not that through his desire to save the Church and : the Priest; the Reverend delinquerit pleaded guilty, and got off with a fine of £5. Does Freeman thixik this nothing? iYetAvegive the new Ministry our hearty thanks that they did not stop or compromise this ini quitous case. And then again, Mx-. Butler - has not been able, however much he might Avish to please " the gi-and old Ai-chbishop," ' to get the Government to comply with Ixis petition about the land at Dai-lirighurst— -he lias not been able to get reA-ei-sed" the ejec tion decision. Does say that this is nothing ? Yet, for our pai-t, if we are not quite satisfied Avith the negative! tion of the Government; Ave have this to thank the new Ministry fox-, viz., that they have not yet gone iri the face of x-ight and reversed the order of their predecessors. . This is not all. The neAv Goverrimerit has not yet abolished the Permanent Force, as Mr. Freeman would like. The new Go-: vernment did not pex-sist in asking a lax-ge sum of money for the Orphan School at Parx- auiatta, as Freeman desired. Arid- again, the neAV Ministx-y, with' all theix- do-nothing, did not show a detei-mination; to object to the amalgamation of the two Orphan Schools, as a measure of justice to the children and economy to the State. All this Avas galling to Mx-. Freeman, but pleasing to us ; and hence, we suspect, that Freemaiis comjilaint of doing riothing is really a complairit that the nSAv Govern ment did so much that Avas distasteful to the Chux-ch and Attorney-Genei-al, that some little excuses may be sought to make a Avithdx-awal fox- Mr. Freeman possible 1 We shall soon see. The real Avork is yet to come. Iris surpx-isirig to what a lerigth priestly effrontery a,nd impudence avIII go. The gentlemen who call themselves "the Church" ax-e abashed by nothing. They cannot believe, they cannot anticipate, that their people Avill open theix-, eyes to the tyranny which rules over thexn. First of all those revex- end gentlemen, under the xnilitax-y dix-ection of the farixous John of Tuam, order the people on the Suxxdays', in theix- sex-mons, and fx-om the altax-s, to vote fox- the Parliamentary caxxdidate Avliom "the Church approves," and uxxder the most tex-x-ible priestly threats of exclusion from the sacraments, the peoixle ax-e dx-ivexx to the poll like so many bullocks to vote for the Chxxrch candidate. Many of the people grumble at the dictation of tlxeir masters ; but they get broken seats, brokexx heads, bx-oken widows and personal insults for theix- pains ; but the gx-eat ma,jox-ity of the people submit, and do as they ax-e bidden. But this daring instance of ixxti- midation and corruption is made the sub ject of judicial enquix-y. The people do not see that the exxqixiry is made in their interest. They ax-e told by the Priests that it is made in the interest of the disappoixxted landlox-d cand date ! But priestly effx-ontex-y can go further than this. When the ixx vestigation is closed, and it has been proved by ovex'whelming evidence that the Px-iests have coxxspired to destx-oy the fx-anchise, axxd to take the fx- eedom of popular election aAvay, the people caxxnot see that the Judge has done: them a service for Avhich they .should be fox- ever grateful ; their priests ixxflaxxxe them Avith x-age and bloodthix-sty hatred by telling them that the J udge is an apostate Avho is x-uining the "the Chux-ch," and forth- Avith these blinded people shoAver execra- tioixs against the Jxxdge, and in tlxeir impotent fury burn him in effigy ! But effroxxtex-y ixx Px-iests can go further than this. .When the tx-ial is ovex-; and the coxTuption has been condemned, the Church candidate is cast in costs to the extent of £12,000. Wlxat, then, do the Px-iests do next ? Why they go stx-aightway to the very people, whose cause has been loon against the Priests, to get the money froin them I Yes, the people ax-e asked to pay ! The wox-d which fits such impudence as this is simply " cheek." And then whats does our Sydney Freeman do ? What does our Attox-ney-General do ? Why, these worthy x-epx-esentatives of the Cullens and Tuams ask the " poor Catholics " of Sydney , ' .!!>' :to subscribe to a fund to pay the law. costs of the trial, and they coolly express their confidence that all Ix-ishmen Avho " love liberty," Avhp " hate landlordism," and who believe Jlxat Nolan " Avould IxaA-e bjn. ,<'1; elected the Priests not held up a fingerfifi for him" to hand subscriptions to theni foi( the purpose of px-eserviixg the x-ightis Ireland. After this anythxxxg I We hope - the Irishmen of Sydney have more sense. If they do not see they ought to see that to give money for such a purpose is to bixy chains and bondage and disgx-ace for their countrymen at home. Priests and Protestant Bedsides ; at CoooEE; — The ecclesiaatics of the Bomish Church seem to stick at nothing, to blush I at nothing, and in the face of numberless protes-. tations of innocence, to compass openly sea hnd land to make a proselyte, although it should be brie made ' in the unconsciousness or dislike of the Arictim,. in stupor or in Aveakness; by .the manipulation of some blessed sacrament,. .':ca; opere operaia. But the zeal for proselytismi is keenly intensified Avhen the victim happens do have at disposal a nice booty in the shape ; of a snug bit of property,. Avhich is always accept able! !» the Church. These are general principles. Let us come to particulars. Oh the , Coogee road, in a nice snug cottage, having a nice garden and paddock beautifully situated, and the absolute property of the resident, has lived for several years a welldo-do -widow, 'Mrs. Bichardson. There is some uncertainty,' we believe about the Avidowhood; but her husband has been some years away, and is supposed to be dead. This, however, is neither here nor there, since the property is hers, not his ; : and she has no child, and is supposed to have an income; of £800 a year or more. The AvidoAV has been indisposed. The Bev. Thomas Wilson, at whose chiirch she had for many years attended, went to visit her on Saturday last, and fouiid, to his surprise, that Father , Garavel, ; of Wayerley, had been visiting her. On Monday, again Mr. Wilson visited her and asked her who was her minister j when she at once said that she had no other than himself, and on his inquiring why she had sent for the priest, she said she -never had sent for him and did not wish t J have him. On remonstrating with the nurse, her usual attendant, she said that the priest did not visit her professionally, but as a friend. ' But! that is a iiice little fiction, which is just ! adapted to Bomish tactics. Later in that very day came three priests and a nun, aud it is believed the Arclibishop -too (but we cannot be so sure of him, and Ave sincerely hope for his own honour it is a mistake), and got to the sick room. What they did there is not certainly known, but the result was one not very satisfac tory to the doctors, who were equally displeased with the nurse for her own conduct in the patient's room. In fact, they find the patient in much more danger than before. We need not say more just now. But in the exercise of their diity to their patient, they have ordered nurse and priests to be shut out from the room ; and on the ne.xt xrisit of one of the reverend gentlemen, one of the doctors met him and politely showed him the gate, saying that 'his services were not required. ;We trust it. may prove true contrary to the supposition of some . neighbours, that no Avill has been made in this .illness. If there has, and if the Avddowdoes not recover, no doubt further question will be mado respecting either event. . i Crime and Belxgign. — We commend to those who have any doubts of the tendency of popery to produce criminals, and to be a burden and cpi-se to the state, the foUoAving annual statis tical report of crime in Ireland, from Dr. Han cock. ;The contrast between the Noi-thcrn Protestant places and the Bomish ones is very startling. There xvas another report which indirectly told the same tale : that was the return of the number of police maintained in the different counties, those of the Bomish countries being double those of the Prof festant ones. Here is Avhat Dr. Hancock's report says ; -r-"Last year (1870) there Avas an increase of .339 _ indictable offences not disposed of sxim- marily ; the total number of the former is 9517, and of the latter 19,299. A new feature in this report is a table Avhich shows the distribution of crime in the several counties and. districts of I .'eland in proportion to the population. The . indictable offences not disposed of summarily give an average for all Ireland of 17 '7 crimes in ei-ery 10,000 people. In the county of Long ford the heinous crime is exaclly at -the average jioint. It a r.ather startling fact, considering the strong police force which is maintained, that more than half of all these indictable offences wore commited in the county of Dublin. The amount of serious crime there is 130'1 offences in 10,000 inhabitants, or more than seven times the average. The other counties in which the returns of serious crimes exceed the average are Westmeath, where it is 265 in 10,000 ;.»Kildare, 253; city of Cork, 225 ; and Meath, 18'8. With these may be contrasted Donegal, Avhere there are only 3'1 offences in every 10,000; Down, 3-1; Belfast town, 3 ; Antrim, 2 'I ; and Carrickfergus, 11. The average increase of crime in all Ireland in 1870 — comparing the indictable offences not summarily disposed of -udth the census popula- of 1871 — is 08 in each 10,000. The largest increase is in Kildare, where it amounts to 10 in 10,000; Mayo, 84; and the town of Drog- heda, 42. In the city of Limerick and county of Armagh crime was stationary last year, according to the report. In the county of Sligo there was a decrease of crime amounting to 8 '2 in 10,000 people ; in Carrickfergus a decrease of 4 '4, and in Belfast of 5. The contrast between Belfast and Dublin is very remarkable, having regard to the fact that the population in the former toAvn is more than half as large as in Dublin, and contains a very large proportion of the labouring classes." Will Evil last for Ever? — We have received two letters on this subject, one on either side. An interval has 'elapsed since we reluctantly inserted another — and we do not Avish to rerive the controversy. "What has been put forward on. scriptural grounds in assertion of the extinction of evil seems to us singularly inconclusive and weak. That we are bid " hate evil" and pray "that the wickedness of the wcked should come to an end," and that "Christ came to destroy the works of the deuil," oifor no proofs either way. We are likewise told 'that Ho hdH (or had when ' the Epistle to the Hebrews was written) already : destroyed him that had the power of death, ; even the devil. Yet the devil lives. If we, like the Psalmist, have enemies who do wicked injustice to us, we may well ask God that their wickedness should come to an end, without at' all pronouncing on the eternity of evil, Rohish Priestism.— We are informed for some week past meetings have been held in Oampbelltown, to devise means to indues a' medical man to settle in the district. At the < first meeting, held on 27th June, a committee was formed to carry out the object of the meot- . ing. This committee used to meet,, as occasion cmled them, in the rooms attached 'to the court house, and used as offices by the 0. P. S. On Tuesday, 13th instant, the meeting met as usual, and on the motion of the Churoh of England ' clergyman, the Rev. Father Roache took the chair. On the termination of the business before the committee, the usual vote of thanks was accorded 'to the Rev. Chaiiihan, who took ' the opportunity to commence a lecture, in which : he stated, he attended these meeting with great reluctance, in consequence of the lives led by ' two of the members of committee, and he suf fered humiliation and disgrace in coming in cou- taat with these men, as the lives they led were such a bad examide. Of course everyone was ' very much put out at the statements made by the reverend gentlemen. However, the delin- ' quents were loifhd to be to two most respec table men, and the reverend gentleman's anger : was shown to be perfectly unwarrantable. It is a public fact that two more respectable living men cannot be found in any part of the colony. . "Wat will priestly insolence come to in this colony unless checked ? Judge Kbogh's Judgment. — We are glad to call the attention of our readers and friends in ' the country to the fact that Messrs. Lee and Ross, of Castlereagh-street, Sydney, have re- qirinted the judgment of Mr. Justice Keogh in the Galway eleion case in a small pamphlet for wide distribution through the colony. It is to be had for one penny each copy. Liberal friends in the country should take a few shillings' worth ' and distribute them for nothing among their Roman Catholic neighbours. It would be moat ' useful in the hands of those indifferent and accommodating Protestants in our country towns who cannot suspect these Reverend Priests, who get up conceits and tea meetings, and invite "Christians of other denominations to assist them." The judgment of Judge Keogh reveals what is the first object of " the Church" in every country— political power. , A Bishop Pro.specitno fob Tin. — The Bishop , oif Brisbane just lately went to Stanthorpe, which is in a fever of tin mining. He preached, and had a collection, which was remarkable for its tenuity — £3. On his return the facetious Michael, ' the diiver of the coach, began talking, and amongst other matters congratulated his lord ship on his advent like the rest for the purpose ot pi'ospecting. "Aye, and a very good prospect 'too, I hear, your lordship had," said Mike; ) "three pounds to the dish." " Nay," said the Bishop, V I had only two and a half, I dropped in the other ten shillings myself." Protestant Hall.— Persons desiring to take : shares in this undertaking are requested to for- ' ward their apiilications, with the deposit of 10s. per share, as the actual realization of the scheme 13 deferred by the delay. Those lodges which have decided on their number of shares we particularly wish to remind of the advantage of promptly completing the transaction, and the J other lodges to decide at once. Letters should be addressed to W. C. Wearne, Esq., at this office. 