CARDS WHICH ARE PT.AVET). In the- East Sydney Election, and in taking part in the elections in other elec torates, Mr. Parkes has been playing with certain cards. The coalition — the Land Bill — the Standing Army — the Reduction of wages — and the Border Duties j these are the weapons with which he has set out to destroy the Mitiistry, and get himself back to pace and poAver. Let us look at them for a little. The 'coalition, Mr. Parkes means by this the junction of Mr. Martin and Mr. Robertson. The two had stood in violent opposition to one another for a long time past, and they had spoken very hard things of one another ; and besides, while Mr. Martin is supposed to be a Protec tionist, Mr. Robertson is known to be a professed " Free Trader." On these 'grounds, then, Mr. Parkes has denounced the " coalition." We ourselves, at the time, Avere strongly opposed to it. Not that Ave had any prejudice against Mr. Robertson 3 for wo held that his influence had been great and good in the country, and that he naturally belonged to the party Avith Avb.ich he was joining ; we held that this connection with Cowper, Egan, and others was unnatural and destructive to his position. We, therefore, Avere Avell enough pleased to see that, Avhen delivered from the Cowper infatuation, he Avished to be identified Avith his natural friends 3 but, nc.A'ertheIess, we felt that, under the circumstances, he ought not to hare been admitted as a Minister Avith Sir James, especially as Sir James had the nucleus of a fine national party at his back Avho Avould form a strong and . Avell-defined Ministry. We thought that Mr. Robert son should Avait outside, for a Avhile, and that he should be alloAved to his loyalty and steadfastness before being re cognised as a minister Avith Sir James. The eountry and the House, however, ac cepted the coalition, . and then Ave Avere Avilling to try the Ministry on their merits. Bui Avhy should Mr. Parkes make so much of the coalition ? Mr. Robertson is not more incongruous Avith Sir James than Mr. Parkes himself Avas. Mr. Parkes and Sir James are 'as Avidely separated in poli tical principles as ever Sir James and Mr. Robertson Avere 3 and Sir James and Mr. Parkes used to say as bitter things of one another as ever Mr. Robertson and Sir James did. Yet Mr. Parkes and Mr. Martin Avere members of the same mini stry ! No two men have more reviled one another than Mr. Forster and Mr. Robert- 3011:3 and these tAvo have formed parts of our Ministry 3 and Avho has ever been more bitter than Mr. Forster to Mr. Parkes and Mr. Parkes to Mr. Forster? Yet, in the late conspiracy .to overthroAV the Ministry of Mr. Martin, Avho were faster friends than Mr. Forster and Mr. Parkes ? The truth is, personal squabbles are made principles for the nonce 3 and those Avho say magnificent things against unprinci pled coalitions are the very ones Avho Avill coalesce to-morroAV Avith their bitterest friends, Avhen the exigencies and interests of ambition or passion demand it. Even Herod and Pilate Avere once made friends when they found a victim Avhom they hated in common ! The Land Bill,' The highflown com" monplaces of Mr. Pai'kes as to " the coalition" are not more , ludicrous than, his attempts to condemn the ministry before trial, on the Land Bill. We are not going to enter into the principles of that bill, nor to judge of its "class legislation." We only look at the card of Mr. Parkes, played for the smallest of electioneering purposes. The ministry had indeed sub mitted their Land Bill, and they had also submitted numerous amendments to be made in committee 3 but the ministry had niever 'been heard on the subject, explain ing its provisions, and defending its prin ciples 3 and, therefore, the policy is surely new, perhaps it is "Parkine," to condeinn a measure before it is fairly before the country. N o doubt, several petitions have appeared against the noAv L-and Bill 3 but, Avere there not also many petitions against the bill of Mr. Robertson in '61, of Avhich this neAv bill is said to be an amendment ? Two facts are noticeable — the squatters opposed the former bill, and noAv they oppose the present bill 3 and the author of the former bill, is also the author of the present amendment. Tins at least would warrant delay on the part of any just and unprejudiced opponent 3 but it suits Mr. Parkes to judge beforehand, and to con demn the ministry before they are heard. Hoav would Mr. Parkes have appreciated such treatment connected Avith the Public Schools' bill, Avhen hundreds of petitions were flowing in against it ? The slandiriy a/rmy. Mr. Parkes' next card is the "standing army." He has made fun of this matter. Of course there is room for a joke, since the "standing army of NeAv South Wales" numbers only 250\. Would these beat off the French or the Russians, if the colony were invaded ? asks Mr. Parkes. And then he has an ill- natured laugh at the sixty officers to com mand such a force ! But all this is only claptrap, and not very creditable claptrap for Mr. Parkes, who ought to remember that not very long ago he gave orders that 500 special constables should be sworn in to keep the city in pe.Ace about the time of the Kiama ghost ! The truth is, the colony demanded that the harbour should be fortified, because of the panic caused during the recent Avar. Well, these forts must be gu-arded in times of peace. Thei-e must be relays of men to keep them secure. and the guns in -working order. And who are best qualified to do this work? The volunteers ? Is it to be expected that volunteers would Avillingly, in times of peace, leave their families and their busi ness for weeks or days and nights, merely to keep guard at these forts ? Would they submit to the dirty Avork which Avill be necessary to keep the forts and guns in order? It appears to us absurd 3 and, therefore, the small body of men, Avho are mocked at and ridiculed as a " standing army," seem absolutely necessary, if the forts are to be guarded 3 and their doing this xoorh Avill never lessen the devotion of the volunteei's, nor drive any aAvay from, such patriotic service. If, therefore, the country, nd especially the volunteers, will forget the miserable amusement of Mr. Parkes, and look at the "standing army" apart from prejudice, the intelligent ver dict of all thoughtful men Avill be — "Parkes is merely playing a card." The reduction of the rouges. Here too, Mr. Parkes has found room for the AvUdest declamation. Noav no one Avill suspect our sincere regard for the Avorking men of the colony : but we think that they are merely played Avith Avhen their anger is stirred up to revenge the reduction Avhich recently Avas made. Wo do not take in hand to say that the mode of the reduction AvasAvise. We think that the mode and the proportion Avere crude, and even un just 3 but then, it should be considered- What interest was it to the Ministry todo the working men an injustice ? Retrench ment must be effected, for the opposition compelled tlie Ministry to make retrench ment. It became, therefore, a question Avhether to reduce the number of hands employed, or, retaining the number, to lessen the Avages. The Ministry decided upon reducing the Avages, and so the larger number of men Avere kept employed. Be it . that the proportion taken off Avas too much, still, the greater number got employ- merit 3 and there are thousands of men in thecountry noAVAvhoAvould be very glad to accept of employment at even much lower wages than what the Government give. No matter Avhat Ministry Avere in poAver, v& trenchment Avas inevitable.. Even Mr" Parkes had a scheme Avhich Avas not very much aa'iser than that of the Ministry. And, therefore, the Avorking men should doubt the card-playing of Mr. Parkes 3 for had he been in poAver he Avould have been compelled to reduce the wages, and their anger, Avhich is noAV falling upon tlie heads of the Martin Ministry, Avould have been crushing the vanity of Mr. Parkes. The question is, if Mr. ParJces gets into power, rjoill he raise the working mens' wages? Has he promised this? Would he dare try this? We take in hand to ansAver for him, that he will do no such thing 3 he will give Sir James the odium ofieduction, but take the benefit, and leave things as they are. Will the working men remember tiiis ? Will they consider that Mr. Parkes has not yet been put to- the test ? The Border duties. Mr. Parkes has phiyed his card by making this subject the theme of numerous speeches lohich never really deal with the question. We have carefully read all the speeches of Mr. Parkes, on the border duties, and we un hesitatingly affirm that he has not one ar gument that is Avorth listening to. He seems conscious of this, for he never fairly handles the question. When alluding to it he passes over the principal points, and hastens away to the fields of declama-tion. He insists that the offer of Victoria was fair 3 he insists that Mr. Martin bungled ; he insists that the Parliament Avas wrong when it approved the action of the Ministry, and that it Avas right when it AvithdreAv its approbation. But it Avill not do to be thus oracular. G'here are persons in the colony lyho knoAv Duffy as Avell as Mr. Parkes 3 they knoAV his offer and the fairnesss of its appearance 3 hut thoy hiow too that while fair in look it aimed at a result which was foreseen, and predetermined upon. We believe that if NeAv South Wales will consider the offer in the light of surr'ounding circum stances, and in the light of the scheming and aixanging of the Riverina and Mel bourne merchants,- it Avill undoubtedly ap pear that the offer was a ti-ick to bring about the result that .£40,000 instead of £60,000 should be paid. We believe also thatinthe temper in which Victoriare- ceivedthe matter, no proper accounts would' have been kept, and no agreement Avould have been possible at the end of the year. The huxtering, the shai'p-shooting, on the side of Victoria, was quite manifest. The refusal of Victoi'ia to continue for' this year the agreement of the past five years, via.. to pay certainly the £60,000, and mean- j time to take accounts, was a proof that the assumed fairness had a design. Besides all this, it will never be made clear to intelligent men that it is unji;st or for New South Wales to collect its own duties. It never can be proved that it is a tyranny or a destructive policy for New South Wales to collect its duties on the Murray, and fiiir to collect them in Sydney, Newcastle, or Eden. When the col- lectionhasgoneonfor two orthreeyears peace Avill be possible between tlie two colonies ; for the data will then be certain. The collec tion of the duties will be a decided ad vantage to the rest of the colony. It will put the colonists throughout the country on a level. Has Mr. Parkes ever at- teinnted to show that it was right that the Piverina people should have special ad vantages over the rest of the colonists 1 Is it in his power to prove that the people in Sydney, along the coast, along the we.st, and along the north, should pay taxes that the neople in Pdverina should be released 1 New South Wales hardly understands the question yet, but the fact is this, the people throughout thecountry are madeto pay pos sibly £20,000 per year that Piverina people may traflic with Victoria without any cost to tlieraselves ! So great is this advantage to Victoria that if Mr. DufiFy were to pay to New South Wales every penny of the duties, he could afford to give New South Wales ether £10,000 as a present, because of the advantage ivhicli goes to Victoria indirectly, in shipping, employment, &c.; ; indeed he could ailbrd to give move j for while New South Wales keeps back the railway from Piverina, and leaves the supply of that country to be derived through Victoria, Victorian shipping, railways, and toivns are gainers to a very huge ex tent, while New South South Wales is literally outwitted to that extent. Plenty of dust is being thrown in peoples eyes as to all these points ; and with stories about pounds of treacle and onions and yards of cloth they are expected to laugh, and so settle this great question ! 