OUR HOME LETTER. [From our Special-Correspondent.] LONDON, March. THE NATIONAL THANKSGIVING. The national thanksgiving is over. All along the route taken by the procession Her Majesty and the Prince were welcomed more in a courteous friendly way than with anything like demonstrations. The stands and windows in the Strand and Fleet-street were chiefly relin- quished to ladies and children. A few of the smaller stands were filled with juvenile groups in costumes—red jackets and black hats. Close to the palace gates Mr. G. W. Martin, the oratorio conductor, had marshalled several thousand girls, who were to sing hymns during the intervals of the military music. The muster, however, was not very successful, as the wind perversely carried the sound away from the line of procession. Trafalgar- square had with good right been claimed by Mr. Goschen for those who had best title to surround Nelson's Column. A detachment of Royal Marine Artillery was placed on guard near the lions. Each of the principal men of war in port had been invited to send a detachment of the best-looking tars. Some of these were pressed into service as gatekeepers at the public stands; the others were massed in Trafalgar- square and round the Cathedral. A fine view from the neighbourhood of the Column had been reserved for 400 young tars from the Hospital school at Greenwich. The military was doubly represented in the streets, and on the balconies of the Army and Navy Club and the Raglan. We omit the account of the procession, of which a tolerably full description has previously been received by way of California, in order to give prominence to the proceedings AT ST. PAUL'S Eight o'clock was the hour for opening the Cathedral, and at five minutes past 8 there were some full seats, especially in the Press gallery. This had been placed over the choir, which, in its present dilapidated state, is not presentable. Only a hundred tickets were issued for it ; and the rule here, as everywhere except on the royal dais, was first come best served. In the galleries there was not much classification attempted beyond the appropria- tion for the Press, which was at the east end of the building. Part of the transept gallery on the south side was reserved for the members of the London School Board. Fronting them, and on a lower level, was a large detachment of Her Majesty's household. The north transept, both the naves, and the west galleries, under which the royal procession passed toward the choir, were all allotted indiscriminately. On the ground floor everything was representative and methodical. Mr. Ayrton's method has, of course, been very much cavilled at, and it certainly did operate like a damper on any private attempts to enhance the brilliance of the pageant. He acted under constitutional rather than æsthetic motives. The first duty he owed was to his colleagues of the House of Commons, so he posted them on the right-hand side of the royal dais. The Peers, who consti- tuted his second estate, he placed on the left side. These two bodies filled the whole front of the transepts, from which the best view was to be obtained. Behind them Mr. Ayrton con- trived to cut off a few corners, which he assigned rather arbitrarily to the Corps Diplomatique, the Lord Lieutenants, and Sheriffs of Counties, members of the Bench, Non-Conformists, and representatives of India and the colonies. Behind the Commons the diplomatic body was stowed away on one side and the County Magistrates on the other, while the City Corporation had a gallery for itself between, and the rival Board of Works was placed at a safe distance on its right. What space the Peers had left behind them was shared by the Judges, distinguished foreigners, and learned bodies. In their rear the colonials came in on the same footing with Non-Conformists. They got at least a better position than the Mayors, who had supplied themselves with robes of office from Windsor-street. The Army and Navy sat vis-a-vis a little farther in than the Mayors. THE SERVICE. The royal entrance was held by a naval guard of honour brought up from H.M.S. Cambridge. The whole of the portico had been transformed into a suite of reception-rooms—one a central chamber, in which Her Majesty was received by the Bishop of London, with the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's; the others retiring rooms for Her Majesty, the Prince, and Princess. The seats provided for Peers, Commoners, Ambassa- dors, and ermined Judges were—cane-bottomed. Only the Speaker and the Lord Chancellor were indulged with fantenils. Red-baize was the all- prevailing and exclusive ornaments from Temple Bar up to the very altar of St. Paul's. At the stroke of midday the organ begins to roll out the first bars of the National Anthem. While it pro- ceeds the great doors through which the proces- sion is to pass is thrown open. First enter the Cathedral clergy in their surplices, and file off to the right and left of the dias, taking their appointed places in the choir behind. The Lord Mayor, the Sheriffs, and Aldermen follow, the field officers in waiting, and after them the Officers of the Household are ushered into their seats. The Prince has meanwhile transferred the little sons who accompanied him to their mother, and, giving his arm to the Queen, the two slowly ap- proach their pew, where they kneel down at the enshrined railing. The organ stops ; pro- found silence fills the vast basilica for a few seconds, and then the sublime notes of a Te Deum ascend solemnly through the stillness. After the service a pale thought-worn face ap- peared in the pulpit. It was that of a man who had himself hardly escaped from a fatal illness. He still looks as much an invalid as the Prince, and his pained look caused many a feeling of sorrow during the day of thanksgiving. The Primate preached from Paul's Epistle to the Romans—" Every one members one of another." Dr. Tait is not a Bossuet or a Lacordaire, and he did not thrill his immense congrega- tion. But he delivered a homily befitting the novelty and grandeur of the occasion. When the Primate ceased, the organ resumed, and the vast audience rising to its feet, stood in reverent silence till the procession reformed. The Cathedral emptied itsef slowly of its royal worshippers, who a few minutes later were in the midst of very different associations at the Old Bailey. The return route selected was out of place certainly on such an occasion, but the police had decreed that it was unavoidable. So the old prison veiled itself with evergreens and drugget, and its inmates joined in the stentorian cheers which greeted Her Majesty and the Prince on their return from State devotions. The home route through Oxford- street and Hyde Park was a continuous crush. THE QUEEN THANKS HER PEOPLE. To the very last the royal party had every cause to be gratified, and they wore the most lively expressions of thankfulness. Her Majesty hardly ceased bowing for a single second from the time she quitted St. Paul's till she arrived at Buckingham Palace. The Prince, though he had less strength to bear the exertion, main- tained it to the best of his ability, and on his palid face a feeling of intense pleasure struggled with the symptoms of fatigue which he could not repress. The Princess, who sat on Her Majesty's right hand, received un- questionably the warmest greeting, though she modestly assumed herself to be a subordinate personage in the company. A few days after thanksgiving Her Majesty entrusted the Pre- mier with a letter for publication to her people, which I give without condensation :— " Buckingham Palace, Feb. 29, 1872. " The Queen is anxious, as on a previous oc- casion, to express publicly her own personal very deep sense of the recognition she and her dear children met with on Tuesday, the 27th of February, from millions of her subjects on her way to and from St. Paul's. Words are too weak tor the Queen to say how very deeply touched and gratified she has been by the im- mense enthusiasm and affection exhibited towards her dear son and herself, from the highest down to the lowest, on the long progress through the capital, and she would earnestly wish to convey her warmest and most heartfelt thanks to the whole nation for this great demonstration of loyalty. The Queen, as well as her son and dear daughter-in-law, felt that the whole nation joined with them in thanking God for sparing the beloyed Prince of Wales's life. The remem- brance of this day, and of the remarkable order maintained throughout, will for ever be affec- tionately remembered by the Queen and her family." A MOCK HEROIC PETITIONER. Her Majesty had arranged to return to Windsor on Friday afternoon, and a levee was held on the preceding day, at which Miss Dutton was presented. Several new knights kissed hands, and the Court newsman perpetrated a strange mistake as to one of them. You learned by last mail that Mr. Verdon had been " Sirred" along with Mr. Cowper, the re- presentative of the New South Wales. Both were presented at the levee with their ladies, and Mr. Verdon was announced next day as the Governor-Elect of New South Wales. Had this distinction been attached to Mr. Cowper's name there would have been some point in the joke. It made Mr. Verdon's friends stare, and must have caused as deep though not so pleasant a commo- tion among the friends of Sir Hercules Robin- son, who was the real Governor-Designate. The blunder was corrected without much delay, but there will still be hundreds of ingenuous readers of the Times who have got the fact fixed on their rententive memories that New South Wales is to be governed for the next six years by a Mr. Verdon. When the levee was over Her Majesty drove out accompanied by Prince Arthur and Lady Churchhill—the equerries in attendance being Colonel Hardinge and Lord Fitzroy. She drove as far as Regent-street, and returned through Hyde Park, thence down Constitution Hill towards the palace. It was fully half-past 5 when the carriage approached the private gate. This is in an angle of the front court, facing St. James's Park. The railings which separate the Palace from the road bend toward the north in a semicircle, and then follows the line of Con- stitution Hill, from which they shut off the Palace Gardens. Where the Court joins the Garden, a line of one-storey buildings is run across from the corner of the palace to the outer railings. They contain the private gate and the porter's lodge, which shut in the private pre- mises. This gate is reserved exelusively for the royal family and privileged visitors. North of it the railings are strengthened by a chevaux de frise, and rendered otherwise impassable. But just at the junction of the two barriers—that is, close beside the end of the lodge, there is an unprotected part. When the carriage was coming down Constitution Hill, and naturally engaging the whole attention of the sentries and the police, a lad of 17 got through some- how into the private garden. He had taken off a pea-jacket and laid it down beside the railings, which he may have then climbed. At which the carriage had to drive. The porter— a very old retainer of the household, named Fuller—-descried the intruder as he was opening the gate. It put him in a dilemma, for which his presence of mind was not equal. This gate had to be opened in the first place, but ere Fuller could turn himself after doing that the intruder had bolted past him and ran after the royal carriage. He reached it as it pulled up at the Palace-door ; but he had taken the wrong side. He happened to know better than to mistake Lady Churchill for the Queen ; but it needed time to run round to the other side, and from the moment he was seen by the attendants—foremost among them being our faithful John Brown, on the box—his chance of distinguishing himself vanished. THE ATTACK ON HER MAJESTY. There is a choice of at least a dozen more or less sensational narratives which I might give you for the last act of the serio-comic drama. The one that came out first bore the palpable marks of plush on its face. The assailant had been first observed by Prince Arthur, but not till he was close upon the Queen and in the act of aiming a blow at her with his pistol. It was directed at the head, but the cleverly inter- posed arm of the Prince turned it aside and it glanced from the royal shoulder. In a trice the Prince had sprung from the carriage, and seizing the assailant by the throat, had thrown him on the ground, where he was secured by the equerries. This was the favourite account in the basement regions of Belgravia. A milder tale was in- vented for circulation at the Clubs. In it Lord Fitzroy had the honour of first laying hands on O'Connor and stopping his procedure. There were, however, bits of embellishing incident here too. The Queen, on seeing the horse-pistol pointed at her, had drawn herself up like a Guelph, and, slightly leaning back within the frame of the carriage, had boldly eyed her insulter. When he was ruthlessly laid prostrate before her, she had changed the Amaronian vein for a pitying motherly part, ordering her attendants not to hurt the lad. In the evening the Gazette Extraordinary pub- lished a very curt narrative, which directly contradicted all the others. It conferred the whole of the credit of royal champion on the lucky John Brown, whose name received sole mention in the bulletin. Afterwards he received more substantial and enviable reward, namely, a gratuity of £25 a year, and a medal intended to inaugurate a new Order of merit for the royal household. O'CONNER'S ARREST AND CONFESSION. The would-be regicide ceased to inspire re- spect from the moment his captors obtained a good look at him. They found him to be little more than a boy—he looked about eighteen, and gave his age at a year less. He had no physique, and in personal appearance was little more formidable than his old horse- pistol, with- out either a lock or a particle of powder in it. He was a stunted unwholesomely-reared lad, savouring of the district he worked in—the Borough-road. He was dressed in seedy dark clothes, with a dirty shirt and a blue tie, which sustained serious damage in the scuffle. He had sufficient presence of mind to know that he was not in Court costume, and pride enough to resent the effects of the rough usage he experienced on his faded finery. Till his hobila- ments had been restored to their normal order and shabby neatness, he took no notice of the general concern to learn something about him- self. Very little was extracted from him till a constable conveyed him to the King-street Police Station, and placed him in the charge of Superintendent Williamson. When put into a room he first assumed an easy nonchalant look. When spoken to he answered rather sulkily, avoiding allusion of any kind to the fiasco he had just accomplished. He gave his own name and that of his employers (Livitt, Franks, & Sons), who are extensive oil merchants in the Borough. His domicile was in a lodging in Church-row, Houndsditch, where his parents had lived for many years, and acquired the reputation of being very quiet inoffensive people. The police found literally nothing against him, either at his home or in the office where he was employed. His habits were perfectly regular, and his tastes neither of the Jack Sheppard nor the Smith O'Brien type. His parents had found means of giving him a decent education, which he eked out by attending evening classes. He read a good deal at home, but not in any of the hair-on-end libraries of fiction. The last book he had brought home was Thackeray's " Vir- ginians," and before that he had read " The Last Days of Pompeii." A few evenings prior to the attack he was busy writting, but his mother had no notion whatever of the wild ince- herent stuff he was distilling from his silly brain. She had not noticed any change in his ordinary methodical habits, though it was several days since he had stopped going to his office. Before leaving he had consulted a fellow-clerk on the art and mystery of loading a pistol. The information he obtained was very meagre, and skill could have done nothing for the superannuated weapon he was to use. It was an old flint firearm, seven inches long, with a broken hammer, a touch-hole full of dust, sundry parts wanting altogether, and others out of order. His father averred that he had never handled a pistol till he purchased this one in the Borough. HIS examination at bow-stbeet. The first night he was detained at King street, Westminster, where he had a good many visitors. While the reaction from, his mad excitment lasted he sat apparently dazed and careless. He would answer only in mono syllables, and-one subject'was the same to bim as another. He ultimately made & full dis closure of the plan he had concocted in bis weak brain. He had gone up to St. Paul's ion Tuesday morning with rigmarole'document demanding the release of | the Fenians still in .custody, and condemning himself by anticipation to the same death'as ! Rossel had suffered.' It was' most likely this ! that he had been .writing .onMonday night; On - Thanksgiving Day he could, ;not; approach nfear enough the door fcy'wiuch the Queen came out : ■ ' • ' . 1 1 ' - ' ' ,'*■ v j to bring the horse-pistol to bear upon her. Lock; for himself that he was not tempted to try his experiment of intimidating royalty in the presence of - a mob which might have almost pulled -him to -pieces. By EViday morning he had ceased to -be a hero even in the dock. TheBow-street Court did. not get more than well filled in anticipation of his appearance, and as time dragged on while Sir Thomas Henry was disposing of his drunk and disorderlies it well nigh emptied itself again. A large part of the attendance was diverted to the Treasury by a report that O'Connor was to be hononred with a State trial, and that Sir Thomas had gone down there to take the depositions in presence of the assembled Cabinet. Late in the day Arthur was called on, however, at Bow-street, and took his place in the dock, to be tried Tinder a special Act of Parliament passed in the present reign of 6 Vict., o. 51, Sect. 21, which renders the threatening of Her Majesty with firearms, whether loaded or unloaded, a high misdemeanour, punishable with seven years' imprisonment, accompanied by not more than three private whippings.. Mr. Poland, who prosecuted for the Treasury, tickled O'Connor's vanity immensely by introducing his Fenian amnesty proclamation. While it was being read he woke up out of his sulky stupor, and looked proudly round the Court as sentence after sentence of. semi - legal jargon was hurried over by the Crown counsel. _ This document strengthened in many minds the inference first drawn from the prisoner's Fenian pretensions that he^had been the tool of some cowardly conspiracy. It was not an indifferent imitation of the Gazette style, and was fairly correct in its legal phraseology. The discovery that O'Connor, before goinginto the oil bade, ibad beenalaw-writer raised public estimation of his own resources, and weakened the theory that he must have had accomplices in the background. It was in Mr constitutional ideas that the pure Houndsditch came out. He assumed that his small business could be arranged^ between him and the Queen personally, without any intervention of Minis ters. He acknowledged these poor unfortu nates in. his petition only to prohibit Her Majesty from "listening to any advice they I may wish to give her towards causing her to ' depart from her word." The postscript is worthy of the Commune in its melo-dramatic fervour. It exacts a promise from Her Ma jesty that Arthur O'Connor, " having com mitted an outrage against my royal person, shall not be strangled like a common felon, but shall receive the death which is due to him as a Christian, a Republican, and as one who has never done harm to any human being." As to the means of effecting his hare-brained design, he was most ingenuous •of alL When arrested, he said he had only meant to frighten the Queen ; and when ques tioned at Bong-street, he explained further, that seeing she had so often disregarded such petitions as his, he thought he might as well use a little force. THE WITNESSES were a lot of interesting people, beginning with the distinguished John Brown, "Our personal attendant." John was laconic, and during the^ first part of his examination he expressed himself only by Highland nods, which imply that is not worth while to contradict you. Mr. Poland induced him to extend his vocabu lary to " Yes, Sir," which he repeated with calmest indifference two or three dozen times. The counsel had then to let him tell his story in his own way, which he did very concisely, hut with the broadest Deeside accentuation. When he got down from the rumble, he said, "ho saw this boy coining up between the two equerries. When I first saw him he was stand ing between the two equerries by the carriage door. I thought there was something wrong, and I pushed him back. Lord Charles told him to get out of the way. With that he ran round towards the Queen's side of the carriage, by the back of the carriage. He made no remark. I followed him as fast as I could. He went to the side of the carriage, close to where the Queen was sitting. I saw him, when I went round, putting his hand right opposite the side where Her Majesty was sitting. He had his hand on the top of the carriage, and I caught hold of him by the neck and the other hand. On catch ing hold of him he dropped the pistol from his hand. It was the right hand he had the pistol in, the left was on the carriage. I think it was General Hardinge picked up the pistoL I saw him with it in his hand when I turned round. I kept bold of the hoy till some of the grooms and some of the equerries and a policeman came up, and then I handed him over to the policeman and went away. The Queen, I think, was stand ing up in the carriage all this time. Her Majesty I still remained in the carriage while it occurred." ' Charles Tomkins, one of the outriders, described Prince Arthur's small share in the royal defence. He had first seen O'Connor's left band when it was placed on the side of the carriage door, and had pushed it away. Prince Leopold gave evi dence as to his own observation. When his brother jumped up he looked across, and saw a man's head and a hand pointing a pistol within a foot of the Queen's face. He next saw the attendants seize the man, and that was all his evidence about the transaction. The Police Sergeant who made the arrest described the ground on which the outrage had been com mitted, and also how the police on duty had .been employed at the time. The last witness was called to prove the ownership of the pistoL He was a young man from a marine store in the Borough. He had had two pistols of the pattern produced, and was not quite positive of this person, as another gentleman had purchased the one in Court. He believed the prisoner had asked Eim how to load it. He could not till him, and the prisoner then said he knew somebody who could. O'Connor, when asked if he had anything to say, took exception to one or two insignificant details of the evi dence. He had bo witnesses to call, and no counsel. He was committed to the next Central Criminal Sessions, which begin an the 8th April. THE QUEEN'S JOUBNEY TO BADEN. When this letter is leaving London, Her Majesty will very probably be in the Channel on her way across to Cherbourg. The arrange ment fixed_ before this snowstorm, which we are now enjoying came on, was that she should travel from Windsor to-day by the Great Western line to the victualling station at Gos port. There the Victoria and Albert steamer was to be waiting for her. It was not intended that she should land in France till Sunday morning, when a special train was to convey her to Paris, and another to Baden. She was not to eater Paris, hut to get from one station to the ! other by the celebrated circular railway outside the walls. It is very possible that the incle mency of the weather may have occasioned some delay on the road, probably at Gosport. The object of her visit is a German cousin, Whom she has not seen for fifteen or sixteen years. It, will occasion an absence of about three The Prince and Princess of Wales have reached Borne by easy and apparently pleasant stages. They spent several days in Paris, and exchanged civilities with the President. The English residents at Cannes and Nice, where they_ stopped in" pasting, gave them a loyal re \- ception. The father and mother of the 'Princess' are in Rome on their way back from a visit to Little George at Athens—the amiable boy who is doing his best to govern brigands. Your sailor Duke has become blase as to the Haymarket, and betaken himself to the dock yards. He has'been for several days at Ports mouth taking gunnery lessons on board the Excellent. To-day he finishes bis course by •witnessing some torpedo experiments in the harbour. There is no definite arrangement yet as to a new ship for him. ; Prince Arthur is the most thoroughly pro fessional of all the Royal Family,; His late visit to his brother-in-law at Berlin was not one of pleasure merely. It was relieved by some close study at the Kriegs ministerium and by intimate intercourse .with the heads of the German JStal Major, The Prince came back with an enthusiastic admiration of Moltke's military chess-board, and ihe practical game they play upon it under the grimly pleasant name of Kriegssiriel. At the invitation of his brother officers-in_ Dover he' delivered a lecture on the game, which was intendedyto' initiate a regular course of study in the garrison. The War Office had previously taken up the subject, and military maps are being prepared for the use of officers who desire to employ a little of their- leisure in making pastime of the art of war- Prince Arthur's lecture was delivered in a homely, and lucid style, which, if ft did not < testjfy-mnch regard for literary polish, proved both intelligence and zeal as a military student. BREAKDOWN OF THE TTCHBORNE TRIAD. It was the afternoon of the hundred and. second day of the trial. The Attorney-General, ,was,examining his seventeenth witness for. the. defence. It was Abbe Salis, Roger's confessor, and one of his greatest friends when he was a boy in Paris. The sixteenth witness had also been a Frenchman—Jules Berrant, the gentle man as to whose name the claimant had made such an unfortunate orthographical guess. Mis led by the French pronounciation, he had sap posed it was Berron, and committed to that spelling in some of his affidavits. Jules Berrant tad been Moore's successor as Roger's servant in South America. He had seen him on board the Bella, and flatly contradicted the claimant's account of the going on board. He denied that Roger ever possessed claimant's ac complishment of throwing the lasso, or that he had forgotten his French while he was in South America. On the contrary, he talked it per fectly when M. Berrant last saw h?m. Madame Chafillon, the wife of Roger's tutor in Paris, gave important evidence as to the tatooing. She remembered having seen the mn-rlrn Roger's wrist, and asked the meaning of them.' She distinctly saw the initials R. C. T. One of the emblems was a heart, and she thought another was a cross. Abbe Salis deposed that in 1850 or 1851 he had seen tattoo nwrira on Rogers arm, which he once nnecvered by! accident. He remembered the circumstance distinctly, because he had disapproved of it at the time. He had not examined the marks, and could not say what they were. He had done all in his. power to .dissuade the dowager from _ acknowledging claimant, but had never mentioned the tattoo marks till he came over to England in April last. INTERVENTION OF THE JURY. When Abbe Salis descended from the witness box the Foreman of the Jury rose. He BnH been making a good many suggestions lately to the Court, and no particular notice was taken of his being- on his feet now. He had to wait a second' or two until he could address the Judge. " We have now," he said, "heard the evidence as to the tattoo marks, and, subject to your Lordship's i direction and the hearing of any farther evi j dence that the learned counsel may desire to lay ] before us, the Jury do not require auv further ; evidence." All the coolness possessed by the ; rest of the English Bar would not outweigh Sergeant Ballantine's personal endowment in : that line, but this was too sudden a stroke for j him. He did not rise for a few seconds, and he was still struggling with his emotion when he said that a . little . time should be allowed him before making bia definite reply. That implied an adjournment, which of course was immediately granted—only for a couple of days though. The Judge intimated that before the trial closed he should like to have another look at bis ingenious friend, Mr. Baigent. There was something more in one of his letters about Arthur Doolan which Mr. Baigent might desire for his own sake to have an opportunity of - explaining. The adjourn ment _was from Monday afternoon to Wednesday morning. The Sessions House was literally blocked, and the street in front was impassable. When the Jury were dismissed to reconsider their. statement about stopping the case they had to clamber up on to the Bench and post through the Judge's room into their own. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine announced that his client and those who instructed bim had placed i&emselves; entirely in his hands. He therefore wished first to have a distinct under standing of the Jury's statement—did it apply to the tattoo- marks or to the general evidence ? He had not anticipated that the tattoo- marks were to be made a crucial point in the case, and there were many of the Attorney-General's affir mations regarding them which might berebutted. The Attorney.Genera] deprecated the implied charge of having taken the plaintiff at unawares about the tattooing. The plaintiff himself had in his cross- examination been distinctly asked about the marks, and had answered thac he : " were" not tattooed. The Juiy.retired to pro pose a more exact declaration of their wishes as | to the evidence, and meanwhile Mr. Baigent was | placed before the Lord Chief Justice. He was referred to one of his letters (March 29,1869), in which he said enignimatically that " Arthur | Doolan was enough to take one's breath away." He explained in a shambling way that Rouse had previously^ told him that the man whom Cator supposed to be Orton was really an Irish man named Doolan. He intended to express his surprise at the discovery—nothing more. COMMITTAL OF THE CLAIMANT FOR PERJURY. The Jury having scrambled back into their seats, the Foreman rose and. announced that their first statement was based upon the entire evi dence, as well as on that relating to the tatooing. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine expressed his great thankfulness to be done with the ease. The Attorney-General appealed to His Lordship about the custody of Mr. Holmes's papers, which were in Court, but had not been put in evidence, and were therefore not under his jurisdiction. The ' Judge could do nothing then, but he had no doubt that Mr. Holmes would be anxious to further the ends of justice. Next day Mr. Holmes took the hint, and placed the whole of the papers at the dis posal of the Crown for the new trial at the Old Bailey, with his own services to boot. He will consequently be a leading witness. When the claimant's counsel intimated that he would submit to a nonsuit, the Judge asked if the plaintiff was in Court. He had not been near it all the morning, nor indeed for a good many days before. The Crier summoned him three times by the name of "Sir Roger Charles Doughty Tichborne, Bart." His Lordship then stated that he entirely concurred in the opinion expressed by the Jury, which was sub stantially a verdict for the defendant. It appeared to him that the plaintiff had been guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury in his examination, and that there was reasonable cause for directing him to be prosecuted. • He would therefore commit him to the charge of the Sheriff of Middlesex, to be detained in the common gaol until the next sessions of the Central Criminal Court. The bail would be £5,000 on his own recognizances, and two sureties for £2,590 each, or four for £1,250 each. The warrant, which had been made out against Thomas Castro, falsely calling himself Sir Roger Charles Doughty Tichborne, was entrusted for ediction to Inspector Denning. i HIS RIDE TO NEWGATE. While Inspector Denning was on his way up. to Scotland Yard to consult with SuDerinteu dent Williamson about. where to look for the claimant, that portly gentleman was leisurely driving up in liis brougham from his house at Brompton to his receiving-rooms in the Waterloo Hotel, Jermyn-street. You may remember that while the manufacture of affidavits was going on for the Court of Chancery he transacted most of his business in his own dravring-room. Whether " Mary's" incompatibility of temper interfered with that arrangement, or larger ideas of gentility entered into the claimant's head, his "receptions" have latterly been of a more public kind. While the case was pending in Chancery he engaged rooms at the Inns of Court Hotel, for tire accommodation of his city friends and his solicitors. On the migra tion to Westminster he established his head quarters at the Waterloo Hotel—a quiet house much frequented by the better classes of sport ing men. He occupied the best suite ef rooms, and held his " consultations" in a luxuriously furnished salon. City men who could spare a " thou" or it might be three or four, provincial magnates like Bulpitt, the banker, who placed five hundred to his credit before ever seeing him, and at least three titled men, were among bis regular visitors. Some of them were with him while the warrant was on its way to Jermyn- street. On the Monday afternoon when the case was stopped there had been a council of war called to consider the raising of . additional funds. It was interrupted by a message to the claimant requiring bis immediate presence at the Sesaons House for a consulta tion with his legal advisers. The notice that the Jury had intervened spread conster-: nation everywhere but in the capacious bosom of the claimant himself, whom an ingenious interviewer, has likened to !an: "affable seal with nothing particular on its mind." One Of the last of his friends to leave him when the clutches of the law had opened upon him was Lord Rivers, an eccentric Peer,"who took up his case as a question of the' Roman Catholic faith. It was, reported on the night of the arrest that he_had tendered'himself for one of the £2,500 sureties, and next morning the Marquis of Bute had the other £2,500 fathered upon him* When Inspector Denning, with his friend the Superintendent from Scotland Yard and a tipstaff ,from the Court of Common Pleas, -reached the Waterloo Hotel, they learned that the man they wanted was in his room. A scrupulously - respectable landlady hoped that nothing would happen between them and " Sir Roger' to affect the stainless reputation of the Waterloo. She was assured that the law would behave like a gentleman towards all par ties, and thereupon the officers were ushered into the severe presence of Kir Roger. Severe it certainly was until Inspector Denning had read j the warrant to him. He then required au effort to rise to the situation, 'and after some delay he observed that the unfortunate event would cause him some temporary inconvenience. Coming straight to business, he asked which • officer was in charge^ and Inspector Denning having introduced himself as the appointed cicerone for the journey to Newgate, his ! client solicited two favours from him. One wag that he might be allowed to travel in his own brougham, which waited for htm at 1 the door; and the other was that he should be 1 excused a few minutes while he 'finished . toilet. _ Inspector Denning must have known j I how universally persuaded the public were that : claimant earned poison, or lancets, or pocket ! pistols about with him for use in an emergency' i like this. He may have accompanied claimant : into the bedroom, or he may have observed other precautions; but there was no happy dig- ; patch performed. In a few minutes the pleasant party was ready to start, and Sir Roger's hotel ' mends were assembled in the hall to wish him a pitying good-by. He blandly waived to them a paternal adieu, and walked into his brougham, now possibly to be used for the last time. Superintendent^ Williamson and the tipstaff took seats beside him, and the Inspector | mounted the box. A few grooms and. footmen from the domestic interiors of Jermyn-street made up the ghost of a crowd, and started the I A*®™?* I*-.quietly sped along Waterloo-place, into PallMall, and along the Strand in advance of the brougham. But the coachman drove sharply and the windows were Well closed, so that very little visible sensation was got up until the approach to Newgate. In the narrow- street which connects the prison with St. Paul's and Holbom there was an East- End mob, which had anticipated Sir Roger's arrival by some hours. It bad waited for him since the newsboys had spread the intelligence of his committal for perjury. It saw him descend calmly from the brougham and mount the half- dozen steps which lead to the anteroom of the Old Bailey, where turnkeys beguile their leisure by looking across a low iron gate. There was some hooting as he walked up, and a few stray cheers answered to it. These he acknowledged by lifting his hat and smiling benignly on the friends who believed in him to the death. HIS PRISON LIFE. . To the turnkey in charge he gave the name of Sir Roger Charles Tichborne, and had the satis faction of being entered as such on the charge sheet. When asked for his money and loose valuables he surrendered a handsome gold watch with a heavy chain attached to it, and a large gold snuffbox—both articles being en graved with the Tichborne arms. His purse contained gold and silver to the amount of £74 8s. 6d., upon which he has since been drawing liberally for extra alimentation.' The first sight of his cell floundered him a little. Letting himself down on his wooden stool, he ruefully surveyed the slate shelves on which he was to keep his wardrobe, the tiny wash hand basin in which he was to dip big oenign countenance, and, worst of all, the hammock in which he was to swing bis six-and twenty stone of flesh. This last indignity was spared him for prudential reasons, and in place of the hammock a wooden bed was intro duced, on which the prisoner has slumbered soundly. He woke next morning, between 5 and 6 o'clock, and during the day he gave cheerful audience to his visitors. Some of these were official—namely, Sheriff Bennet and the Visiting Justices Alderman Sydney and Alder man Cotton. To them he expressed him self satisfied with everything but the fact of the warrant styling him Thomas Castro. He_ was confident that hail would very soon arrive, but it did not come either that day or for many days after. Several appearances which Mr. Montague Williams has made on his behalf before the Queen's Bench have ended fruitlessly. The names of the bailsmen were stated to the Court, but when the time came for signing there was a misnnderstnnrlfng among them. His chances of being seen abroad again before he appeared in dock were not worth speculating upon. He lost no time in taking steps for his defence at the Old Bailey. A soli citor who had not been connected with the Tichborne v. Lushington suit waited upon him the second day of his imprisonment. Private visitors were not numerous—at least not of the kind he would see. He might have had scores of curious people to help him to beguile his time had he admitted half of the Paul Pry's who had at once rushed off to Sheriff Bennet and the Visiting Justices to obtain orders; but he resolutely set his face against forming any new acquaintances. Least of all did he want to be interviewed by any quizzing reporter. In a weak moment he liad consented to the invitation of two journalists—George Augustus Sala was one of them—to his first levee in Jermyn-street. It was on the fatal . afternoon when the case was stopped by the Jury, and the reception ended lugubriously. In ; its comments on his claim the Press has not I sineethen done much to alleviate the monotony of Ms • life in N ewgate. The conspiracy has • been made hot and strong for a good many more ; than the claimant. The suit has cost in jury . fees alone £1,289—namely. 103 guineas to each of the Jurors, it having been finally terminated ; on the 103rd day. ' CHAFFERS AND LADY TWISS. * ! There, is. nothing that succeeds so well in London at present as a genteel scandal. It is the nearest way a blase man can take to notoriety if not to fame. Mr. Alexander Chaffers must < be a Uase individual, for by his own account he ! has ranged through the greater part of Europe | in search of new styles of profligacy. Having J reached' the sere and yellow leaf he took i chambers and became an Old Bailey lawyer. That did not give full play to his .ingenuity nor i bring in funds enough. He drew next on his ' crap of old oats. Many of the comrades of his j fast life had, developed, as fast people willsome times ,do, into . respectable members of society. 1 Chaffers renewed correspondence with his re- j formed friends, and playfully reminded them of .incidents in their past life which they might have preferred that neither he nor any one else j should know. Sir Travers Twiss, the Queen's I Advocate, had a skeleton in his cupboard wMch J was as good as a bank to Chaffers. He drew upon j it repeatedly in hard cask and invitations to dinner. The infliction grew tiresome, and Sir ; Travers, after several tames obtaining receipts in i fullof all demands, had to invite Chaffers to square up the account in presence of a Police Magis trate. • Chaffers had driven Mm to this by lodg ing with the Lord Chamberlain a statement about the unmarried life of Lady Twiss, which ' necessitated enquiry. It was explained for the ' time, and the name of Lady Twiss remained on the Court books. .Chaffers next went ..to Bow-street and made a statutory declaration, which the Magistrate counter signed. It stated that for several years past he had been well acquainted with Sir Travers Twiss, Kt., of 19, Park-Tane,' Queen's Advocate, and Dame Pharailde Ms wife ; that before her marriage Dame Pharailde had been Mademoiselle Van Lynsule, and that previous to 1862 she had resided for several years in London under the name of Madame Getas; that he had. made her acquaintance on the 15th1 April, 1859, by speak ing to her in Regent-street at 10 o'clock'at night; that she hadbeen of more than doubtful character; and that in March, I862? she had been sent to Dresden, where the said Travers Twiss married her. A POLICE COURT SENSATION. These abominable allegations were not left in writing for the private gratification of their author. The declaration was printed, and eepies were sent to every friend bf Sir Travers "and Lady Twiss; to every dignitary of State with whom Sir Travers was associated in his many important offices. The Archbishop of Canterbury was favoured with one, to show Mm what kind bf a man his Vicar-General was. The Lord. Chamberlain had his attention again specially called to the domestic^affairs of- the 'Queen's Advocate,, Chaffers seems', to "have devoted himself to .the circulation of his malig nant and possibly still false affidavit. Down to February last he was sending it but with private letters full ef the most calumnious abuse of the objects of his hatred. Sir Travers Twiss did not act rashly. 'When at last he laid an infor mation against his persecutor for libelling him with intent to exlcrt money, Lis deiay in coming into Court occasioned suspicions as to the basis of the libel. The declaration had been made in April, 1871, and it was in March, 1872, that Chaffers appeared in the Southwark Police Court. The publication of the libels was j proved by the evidence of two or three witnesses, and then came the investigation of j the facts. Lady Twiss knew most about them, ! and she courageously confronted her accuser. ; A handsome woman she looked, with a manner and bearing utterly irreconcileable with the foul charges launched against her. Sitting herself at the clerk's table she told the story of her life from the time when she was six years of age. For an obvious reason she tried to draw a veil over her parentage, but it came out that her mother had been an Austrian lady of high birth. She had never known her, and could not say when she had died. Her father she knew only from brief meetings, occurring at long intervals. There had been: no direct corre spondence between them though she heard of him through her guardian. The latter was a Polish exile resident in Brussels, a cousin of her father and his companion in arms during the insurrection of 1831. Having no children of their . own be and his wife adopted Pharailde. They educated her first at Cracow, and then in their own house at Brussels. There she formed some English acquaintances whom she was invited to visit in London. This oeea , sioned her first journey to England in ■ Sep tember, 1859—Chaffers having declared that ha first knew her as Madame Gelas in April, 1859. According to Lady Twiss, Madame Gelas, who had been her governess in Brussels, was then settled in London, and proposed to her to coma and reside with her. Her guardian approved, and she returned to London in November, 1859. In 1860 she visited Brussels, and her guardian came hack with her to London. It was then she first met Dr. Twiss ; she had stayed in big mother's house, however, during part of-' her first residence - in England. In 1861 she went over to Brussels again to meet her father, who had returned from Java. During the same summer she and her father and her guardians were in London, and they visited Dr. Twiss at his house, as well as other members of his family. Dr. Twiss proposed marriage to her in 1861, and it was arranged that they should bo united in the beginning of 1863; but at his request the ceremony was performed in August, 18(52. It took place at the chapel of the British Embassy at Dresden, and after it she returned with Dr. Twiss to his house in Park Lane. She was received as his wife by the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bishop of London, and other distinguished members of society. She was presented at Court by Lady Rutherford Alcock. All went well till 1869, when, after having been present at a Drawing-Room, she received a communication from the Lord Chamberlain. The explanation given was satis factory, and she had still the entree of the Court. A BRUTAL CROSS-EXAMINATION. Assuming the bona fides of the narrative told to the Court by Lady Twiss, the corroborative evidence had been singularly weakened by deaths among her early friends. Mr. and Mrs. Anderson, the English people in whose house she had first lived in London, were both dead. So was her father and her guardian's wife, Madame Pastrenski. So were many of the servants of the house who had known her in her maiden days. The defendant, who may have chosen his time for commencing to libel her,'attempted in cross examination to npset her evidence by furnishing a new and totally different version of her career. He implied by Ms questions, most of wMch she flatly d enie'd, that she had been born at Courtrai; that she had introduced him to her relatives there; that he had lived with her at an hotel close to her birthplace; that a Monsieur and a Madame Deny who had come from Courtrai to London ostensibly as servants, were in reality her father and mother; that a young man who went by the name of Constant, and was Madame Gelas's manservant, was really her brother. These piquant details suitably prefaced all the vile insinuations and charges he intended "to make in his cross-examination. -For every inci dent be had day and place, chapter and verse. Hour after hour she had to sit in front of him flinging scornful negatives at his most insulting questions. On the 15th July, 1859, she had not met him in the Burlington Arcade, nor gone with him to the Turkish Divan, nor to the Argylc Rooms—he charged her in his declara tion with making a row there and being turned out; nor to Upper Berkeley-street. He had not remained there with her all night. On the 6th June, 1S59, she had not gone with him to Cre morne. On the 28th October,' 1859, he did net dine with her at her house in South-street. On the 3rd November, 1859, she did not tell liim at dinner that Dr. Twiss's last mistress had cost him £8,000, besides property she removed from Park-lane. She had first seen him about Christmas, 1859, when she called with Madame Gelas at his offices to eousult him about making her will. She had not been there more than twice, and the second time was since her marriage. She knew nothing about M. Deny, except as the husband of the housekeeper of Madame Gelas. Had never been with the defendant at his house in Chelsea. Had never called with defendant on Mr. Richard Twiss, the brother of Sir Travers. Had never been arrested for debt and taken to Sloman's Lock-up House in Curzitor-street. Dr. Twiss had never spent whole evenings in her house before her marriage, nor taken her to the theatre. She had never smashed defendant's hat, nor thrown a teacup at his head. She had never dined with Emile Cavendish in a restau rant in Leicester-square. She had never gone to the Continent with the .defendant in 1862; had not stayed with him several days at Berlin, and then travelled with him to ,Cologne. Had been spoken to by him in front of the Hotel du. Rhin at Berlin. Had never .seen.him in Dresden. In re-examination Lady Twiss averred that .the whole of the questions and insinuations were a tissue of falsehoods. ■ - WITNESSES TO IDENTITY. From the close of her examination the case seemed to grow rapidly in favour of Lady Twiss, though there were puzzling circumstances at tending the disappearance of Madame Gelas and the Denys. Her guardian, M. Pastrenski, followed her into the witness-box, and- went over all the details of her life even more minutely than she had told them herself. 1 He bad documents to prove where she had been at certain times. He had at, home a portrait of her taken before her marriage by her drawing master, which if the case had gone on would have -been- produced in Court. He described the personal appearance of Madame -Gelas, and deposed to . having sent over Madarqe Deny to England. He stated what the marriage portion had been and how it was paid. Defen dant declined to put any questions about .the damaging evidence which this witness gave against him. The next one made his case look still worse. She was a Mrs. Harrison, who under her maiden name of Louisa' Thomas had lived many -years with Madlle. Van Lynstile. Her evidence about the early visits to England corroborated both in : dates and facts that of Lady Twiss. ' She remembered - her father, Colonel Van Lynsule, as he was called. Madame Gelas was an entirely distinct person from Lady Twiss, and. lived in London vMle the latter visited the continent.' In 1861 Madame Gelas fell into bad health, and ultimately re turned to her native country France. Witness had introduced Constant to Madame Gelas's service and .been married to him. She denied positively that he was any relative of Lady Twiss.. She had never seen Dr. Twiss at the house before his marriage, and did not know bim at all previously. In 1864, when she was landlady of the Royal Oak, on the Borough road, defendant had lived in her house for six weeks, and spoke to her about the affairs of Dr. Twiss. He had told her. she could make £150 if she liked, and that he himself was to ask for- £500. She denied any knowledge of John Cox, Mdlle. Weiss, M. Blocy, M Salvador, and other persons' whom defendant had represented to have been associates «f Miss Van Lynsule. Miss Rose Reuter, a German lady, resident at Clapham, came' forward during the trial, and deposed that. she had known Madame Gelas through having been introduced to her by her physician Dr. Straube. That lady had called on her in 1860 about a aervant, and in 1862 she heari of her death. Lady Twiss was placed before the witness, who de clared her to be quite, a different person i from .Madame Gelas. jM. Pauldes .Hares, who ' bhd been drawing-masW to Miss Van Lynsule, V »fated' that l»e knew "Madame Gelas" in 285a, whilethe livbd with MvPastrehski, as the young" ", "lady's governess. ' She, was a small woman with ; adark complexion.. The managing clerk of Sir ' Travers Twlss's solicitor produced documents re *,lative to the business transactions between de ,' feildant and Madame Gelas, and to shaim actions ' which had' been instituted against Dr. Twiss. ' ssmcejiis marriage. There ,was a bill of costs concerniDg tJie purchase of a beerhouse for Con stant, who was alluded to as the brother of Lady Twiss. But this , was not rendered iaU'December, ' ,'1885^ when defendant began his persecution of J^elady.The purchase had been made in 1863. The suits against'Sir Travers bad. been going on ; from July, .1865, to 1868.: Two payments had been-made of £50 «ud_ £75, for which the de fendant gave receipts in full :of all demands.• 1 The -Inter actions in the Queen's Bench had been ; mi upended by his bankruptcy.: Defendant pro r-; duced four letters of Sir Travers Twiss, which ' ; the witness identffied to be in Sir Travers' hand- '■ •writing. The two' firstwere invitations to -•dinner; one dated inMayj 1863, and the other * undated. The third was an' apologetic letter , ibbout a quarrel, which, defendant had had with - ' .'"/MriEchard Twiss, the brother'of Bir Travers. '' 'This and the' fourth, read with ahadewa 'in -the , background. Jt expressed regret at: defendant's ' having' taken offence about Lady Twiss having •' pasted" him' nfi'her carriage vnthout ihcognisirig' . tdm: These'.-disclosures, though they reflected ,' bo light on <the libel, proved that Chaffers'pos siassed'some' hold'on Sir Travers, if net also on;' his lady. The prosecution closed with 'the' -examination of Mrs. Harper/ from whom Madame Gelas had leased a house at Neville terrace in. 186L She deposed that Lady Twiss was. not,'She some woman she had known as . Madame Gelas. . FLIGHT OF USX -TWISS. The defendant had very Jew witnesses to call, and the case seemed to -be approaching a tri umphant conclusion for Lady Twiss. When the Courtmet to open the -defence there seemed to be some commotion in the Magistrates' room. Mr. Benson did not take his seat till conside \- rably later than the hour, to which be had ad jonraed., Then Mr. Poland, the counsel for the . prosecution, was missing. At last he came, and after, an apology for being late, he announced , . that -Lady Twiss had deft -London, and would not appear in the case-again. Mr. Benson dis missed the prisoner, telling him that he would cany to his grave the contempt and abhorrence of.' all right-thinking men. He had to appear next day to answer a separate charge of imput ing bigamy to a Mr. Williams. With inexpli cable luck he escaped from that also. FABUAHENT. Legislation has for the moment ceased to be an excitement. Since the Alabama Bight sub sided the Commons have been plodding on hum drumly with the arrears of last session's work. A number of secondhand subjects have been redigested. There has beeD a new army debate, a couple of education debates, a small row insti . gated by Professor Fawcett on Irish University reform, a - big row provoked by Sir Charles . Dilke's motion for returns respecting the expen diture and the savings on the Civil list, a pro ' saic lawyers' discussion on Sir Boundell Palmer's > scheme for a Central School of Law, and the rest < all small beer. ABUT RETRENCHMENT. You got the particulars of Mr. Cardwell's '. reorganization project by last mail, and may have-concluded charitably that it would do. For once the civilian War Minister, who trots about at reviews on a white cob,, won the confidence of ' the public in advance. His brigading of the three forces together, and. his establishment of local depots, were not only approved, bat were assumed to be the one admissible reform. Mr. Cardwell has satisfied a general public anticipation, and there was an end of it. The colonels were Welcome to snarl about how they conld have done it ; better. They did not venture to challenge direct discussion upon it, bnt Mr.' Holms afforded them a chance to slide in peevish remarks sideways. Mr. Holms is a military , reformer who works on the broadest and vaguest principles, with an appreciation. for details determined by his knowledge of them, which is zero. His amendments have the beautiful sim plicity of swinging figures. This year he pro posed to slice off the 20,000 men who were added to the line during the war panic of 1870. He considered the old maximum of 83,000 a sufficient nucleus of a regular force, and to fill it up when needed he would rely on a more liberal system of recruiting—exactly what the old system reckoned upon, and was disappointed. ' After Lord Eustace Cecil and some other of the descendants of great families had taken their fling at the man who bad democratized the Horse Guards, some sensible military criticism was delivered to the great comfort of Mr. Cardwell. Even Colonel Barttelott declared that the scheme as now completed should have a fair trial. Lord Elcbo, after condemning all its details, concluded that on the whole it was sound in principle. It did not spend money . eDough on the militia, and did not furnish the volunteers with the kind of artillery he preferred. . Above all it had not adopted his hobby of compulsory service in the Reserve. Yet, after all, it was worth damning even with such faint praise as Lord Elcho ever bestows on anything— but himself. You should have heard, though, the natty Sir John Pakington. This ' second instalment of army reform had, he might venture to confess, partially redeemed the iniquity of last session—that most wanton piece of extravagance ever perpetrated by any Govern ment, the abolition of purchase. Ministers ' deserved credit for their scheme of localization, and he hoped they might be saved from mistakes -an the recruiting question. Mr. Vernon liar court has. developed a monomania for abusing foreign diplomatists, who never play, he says, ' withmt loaded dice, and are consequently not to be played with.: It was idle for England to think of becoming a great military power after the new fashion,-and for retaining her position under the old-fashioned system which achieved .Waterloo - she had 50,000 soldiers too many. They will have to be maintained for another year, however, as Mr. Holms lost his amend ment by a majority of 234 to 63. THE NONOQNFOBMIST PBOTEST. Such, intact, has become the agitation headed by Mr. Dixon against the Education Act of ' 1870._ The six resolutions which express the Birmingham programme were -supported this -yearalmost exclusively by the representatives of the Conference held a few weeks ago in the North. Mr. Dixon himself moved them, and they were seconded by Mr. Henry Bichard, Two of the resolutions were directed against, the omission of the compulsory principle, both, . as regards attendance and the formation of School Boards; two were aimed at the obnoxious 25th clause, which authorises the payment of fees for pauper children placed in denomina. < tional schools; the last two were a general pro test against the denominational privileges granted by the Act. The assault was renewed at a disadvantage, owing to the repeated changes which the assailants have made in their tactics. Starting the first year on purely secular \- education, they had to come round to the qualified secularism of allowing religious teach ing to be given at a separate time. Compulsion had also been a second thought, and the attack on denominational fees was quite a recent expe dient. There was too much of the appearance of manufacturing grievances in the movement for it to excite much sympathy outside the ranks of its strong supporters. The coquetting of the National Education League with Mr. Miall. had given another extraneous tone to its demands. The movement it is prosecuting has therefore grown very complicated, and Mr. Dixon himself has Abandoned the hope of any thing beyond a slowly accumulating' influence. The ultimate issue is preordained, and Mr. Foretef speaks with, that consolatory knowledge. The defence of the Government was under tbe . ( circumstances judicious and, conciliatory. It amplified Mr. Lowe's argument at Halifax for taking temporary advantage of all existing machinery. Mr. Forster reiterated his plea in Ins reply to Mr. Dixon. He built up a case against the resolutions analogous to Mr. Gladstone's maimer of dealing with Mr MialL Educate the constituencies - first, and then convert -the [Government. Legislatures who,do pot happen to.have to act for "unedu . cated": sect-ridden and . divided constituencies i may be cautioned not tomakef©els of-them-: selves by laying hold of the as if it were the embodiment of a fundamental principle. There has been simply no' question of principle all through the defence, of Mr. Eogmi's Act. " •' I , >HESCOTCH EDUCATIONBILE. g ThesecularistBhaTepersstence, but some of ' them misapply - it. Mr. " Auberon, Herbert—a - Radical of the Radicals who must be a pheno menon to his Conservative relatives—tried ' to ; put asecuralist .spoke in the wheel of the Scotch Education Bill. On1 its. second reading he moved an. amendment that no educational .provision Should-be approved by the; House under" which school rates should be' em ployed either directly" or indirectly as. a means of' giving religious teaching. " The 'Scotch Bill was not a relevant subject .for -such manipulation, -as its peculiar virtue oon rists in ignoring the religious difficulty. Mr. Herbert enjoined separation and not exclusion. Therein he agreed with the actualpractice in Scotland, which has never been complained of 'for "any want of toleration. . If' the religious difficulty could- anywhere be. referred to local. decision, it is in a -country Which has always "been more liberal in thought,though less liberal ■ as to forms .and ceremonies, than perhaps any other part of the kingdom. This arrangement' had been considered a. clever stroke of the - Lord. Advocate, and Mir. Herbert's counter stroke was a fiasco. Even such pronounced secularists as Mr. G. G.; Trevelyan, who quitted ■■ the Government as a. protest against Mr. Eorster's Bill, could not follow it up." Mr. ' Trevelyan deprecated" it as imperilling "prac tical concessions which might yet be obtained in Committee.' He had himself intended to demand an explicit exclusion of all religious dogmas and formularies.' The Scotch members who .would' have preferred airing "their own, crotchets did not take it kindly to be pushed on one ride. They bickered a little among them selves as to the extent ofeducational destitution in Scotland; some, like Dr. Playfair, drawing it in dark colours, and others preferring roseate hues. But no one thanked Mr. Herbert for his amendment, which went to the wall with six supporters. CROWING DOWN TBS REPUBLICANS. The President elect of the Republic—at pre sent only democratic member for. Chelsea—had been challenged by Mr. Lowe to repeat in the House of Commons his Newcastle speech on the cost of the Crown. Sir Charles Dilke accepted the invitation joyfully. It spared him the odium of reviving an unpopular subject, and gave him an opportunity of bearding the young Conservatives, who agreed among themselves that the best answer be could get was a horse whipping. In his further investigations he enlarged the scope of his attack, and impugned the whole administration of the Civil List. It is said that for weeks before the session opened he was hard at work with a staff of secretaries examining Audit reports, Treasury balances, Parliamentary debates on the Civil-List, and every 'manner of precedent for the task to which he had. committed himself. During the first month of the session he judiciously kept quiet, and " his voice was seldom heard in dis cussion, though many of his pet subjects were under revision. On Thanksgiving Day he was in Paris holding consultation with his friend Garnbetta. He returned a few days before the time he had appointed for his motion for enquiry into the Civil-List. It had been warmly discussed at the Clubs and in the tearoom beforehand. Both parties were puzzled how they should best meet it. There was a general determination to snub Sir Charles signally—not for the motion itself, but for the Newcastle speech. The Ministry had evidently taken pains to track him through bis maze of facts and figures. Mr. -Gladstone himself _ undertook to answer on the whole issue—historical and moraL The Liberal party were amply to vote solid, and reduce the Republican minority to the smallest possible dimensions. The other side adopted more warlike designs. Men of the Lord George Hamilton and the Young Cecil type arranged to make a night of it. Thay resolved first to bring about a count-out, and, failing that, they were to call attention to strangers in the House. They effected both these purposes in a rowdy fashion, which caused Mr. Dodson to grieve and the Republicans outride to sneer with a ten fold contempt for monarchical institutions. The whole episode was not rowdy, however. It had a fair beginning, for Sir Charles himself was heard out patiently if not attentively. The elaborate character of his intended speech was known, and as it was certain to reach the public in some shape, the discredit of refusing to hear a constitutional question of that magnitude honestly treated was to be avoided for fear of the evil effect on public opinion. But the House was as determined, on the the other hand, to hear only the principal Republican. "With the speech of Sir Charles and the reply of the Premier its toleration ended. When Mr. Auberon Herbert rose in the teeth of cries of " divide" there was no mercy for him. The renegade of the Peerage was the last man to be listened to under the circumstances. As he persisted in telling them that he considered the Republican form of government a better and more reasonable form than the Monarchical they hooted him. When he declared tliat the Premier had left his hon. friend's argument untouched they howled for a division. When he counselled them to go to dinner and let him have out his speech quietly they moved off for a count-out. The Opposition benches were nearly emptied, hut the Radical benches still made a House. Three counts-out were tried without avail, and at last Lord George Hamilton called the Speaker's attention to the presence of strangers.. The galleries were cleared at a few minutes past 8 o'clock, and for nearly an hour anarchy was rampant in the House. THE GALLERIES CLEAKED. When the Carltons had the House to them selves they left their seats and mustered behind the Speaker's chair—the usual signal for unpar liamentaiy liberties. Soon the melodious sounds of cock-crowing, braying, screeching, and groaning entered into competition with the not very robust and now rather inter jectional utterances of Mr. Herbert. The latter continued feillring at the tumult for several minutes, and then proposed a compro mise. If they would hear him for five minutes he should give way. In sign of the offer being accepted Mr. Headlam pulled out his watch and sat down opposite Mr. Herbert to time him.' What was heard in this brief lull was an inti mation that the country would draw its own conclusions from the manner in which the dis cussion had been burked. Society was being demoralised by an extravagant Civil List, for which this was the only style of Parliamentary vindication. Mr. Headlam called time, but Mr. Herbert wished to have a few more last words, and the row commenced again. The gallinaceous performers behind the chair re sumed their crowing, which they accompanied with grotesque flapping of arms and absurd grimaces. Mr. Dodson, the Chairman of Com mittees, was visibly bursting with indignation. He advanced to the table, and with a severe frown on his face called attention to the noise that was coming from bellied the chair. The entire scene was one he said which gave him the greatest pain and apprehension. The Speaker got nettled at this reflection on his authority, and declared very truly that he could not discover whence the noises came. Mr. Herbert was permitted to slide in a few more observations, the gist of "which was tkatthe scene they had just passed through woulddo more to promote the spread of republican feeling in the country than anything which had yet happened.. Mr. Mnndella was also conscious of this mistake, and rated the House for having conferred upon the Republican couple an im portance which they did not. deserve through refusing to hear them. He alluded to a similar but rather wilder scene which had occurred in the Assembly some ten days before, and for ' which one refractory member bad half of his month's pay stopped. In his own opinion Sir Charles Dilke was misapplying his courage and ability by pursuing -such narrow, mean, and contemptible economies, but the House had not studied its own dignity in crowing him down. Mr. Newdegate and one or two more of the ancient respectables bemoaned the fallen estate of the " first assembly of gentlemen in Europe." Then the discussion stopped short as if every body was .eager to wash his hands of it, and a division was called. Disastrous was the show of votes for. the embryo Republic. Sir Charles .and Mr. Herbert had two supporters; in the other lobby there were 276. Cheers andlaughter terminated this abortive attempt to overhaul the Civil List. AUSTRALIAN MEAT. The meat trade is not oyer lively at present;' * The place where it Kasmade inos£ stir of late'is the. folice Court of Guildhall. The Commis sioners of Sewers endeavoured to do a smart -thingby seizing a large quantity of condemned tins,; which were lying at Brooks's Wharf in Upper. Thames-street; the property of Messrs. itenshaw, Cousens & Co. Mr. Benshaw himself appeared in answer to the information, and ex plained that the meat in question—amounting to between three and four tons—had never been intended for human consumption. It had been picked out from the sound meat in order to be sold for manure. They , had sold it hitherto under contract at £3 per ton; but the contractor wished to get this lot at a smaller figure; and . being- disappointed he had informed the Meat Inspector of it. The question involved in its. seizure was not how it should be disposed of but who should get the proceeds. Mr. Benshaw supposed that he had a right to sell it for Ms own benefit, but if the Commissioners of Sewers sold it they would pocket the proceeds. On an ad joured hearing proof was' furnished as to its destination, and an offer made to the Com missioners of Sewers that they might order if to be destroyed for food. The Lord Mayor suggested that a guarantee should _ be accepted from the im porters of Australian meat against selling the putrid tins for consumption. On this basis the matter was compromised. It is fortunate that the bade should be too firmly established, tor. an incident of this kind-to turn: the public against it. There was no subsequent misrepre sentation of - it in the Press^ nor any attempt to make a handle of it against what has now become almost a staple article of diet. It may strike you with some surprise in Australia that such a quantity of condemned meat should be lying at one time on a single wharf. The right has not been so very exceptional this season. The consignments coming to hand open badly. Terrible weeding has to be practised at the wharfs, and even then the importers have to endure a great amount of grumbling from their customers. The quality reached last season has not been sustained. The fault is said to be less in the meat- *.hn.n in the cooking. In avoiding ' ever-cooking the risk had to be taken of tins i getting blown through insufficient exhaustion ! of the air. Some of the Companies lost last season a fabulous percentage of their total produce in the double scrutiny made before shipment and on landing. There has been an anxiety this season to reduce that percentage, and it has led to the other ex- j treme of overcooking. Tins, which externally betray no trace of a fault, are allowed to go out, and complaints come in from all quarters about i the meat being pulpy, or putrid, or string, or I something else not palatable. The Adelaide i brand has not escaped this misfortune, and its I reputation in the market is no longer superior to I that of the Ballarat or Warmambool brands. i The returns from the retailers are at present heavy, and should the consignments still to arrive not show any improvement there will be many accounts closed. The question of price is another though less serious difficulty. After permitting the retail demand to fall into a sluggish state, the importers have lowered their Erices somewhat, and the trade may be stimu ited again. It is too sensitive to bear much manipulation, and lately it has suffered from j that process of the city men. Among the < London dealers I observe a change in the sizes of the tins. It is more difficult now to get the small ones, especially 3-lb. tins, and the large ones are becoming abundant. 