A New South \Wales paper, the Gumberuland llercury, devotes au article to the "Liverpool road Ghost." It appnars that " in the month of May, 1SG2, a p)edlar was murdered at a certain part of tho Liverpool road, near the junction of the Dogtrap and Sydney roads, to which point the body was draggcd. The mur derer has never been arrested, 0fid nulerous. accidents have from time to timno occurred at tho precise spot whore the mutilated remains of the pedlar were discovered. It is a strange (act that not a f'ew of the quietest horses in the district have taken fright at t this spot, and in some instances serious accidents have beeo the result." Soveral instances are thou quoted of accidents from horses and frights to hauman beings at this place, and the .Mer' curl.concludes :-" To write seriously, how over, it is strange that so many accidents should have occurred lat one particular part of the Liverpool road. Thei cause, however, must be looked or,, not in the supernatural, but in the natural, state of things." The Globe, in regard, to Australian meab liandl servants' halls, writes :-" We are glad to perceive that the Australjitt meats are slowly but surely making their way. They would be invaluable to the poor wore it only, possiblo to overcome their I)rejudice raud ignorance. In many households where they appear at the master's table they are scouted. in the kitchen. That admirable class the British servants, whose parents probably are1 half starved in some wrtchlod hovel in an agricultural county, in which they themselros passed their early years, tuart tp their noses at those excellent comestibles, which would be esteemed a delicacy if the price were a sovereign instead of sixponco a pound. Some of the experiences of ladies who, are trying to induce these stupid people to adopt an1. iux pensive and nutritious fbod are very amusing. One who would have been a credit to anly of our embassies nearly caused, a revolution? in her household by tforhidding the sorvants on auy accouut to meddle with thetitls,,tho eou touts of which, were too good. and valuable to appear in the serants' hall N lumeuruatast ings having boon surreptitiously made, nS% wlas. expected, they found it deliciouis, as, only for-. bidden fruit is, and next day struck for the, delicacy, which was supIplied to them as q great favour. 