WENT TO 71 EAD. Ark you deficient in taste? Road the best English goods, such as Gray and Goldsmith, Pope and Thomson, Cowper and Coleridge, Scott and Wordsworth, Tennyson and Browning Are you deficient in imagination ? Bond Shakespeare and Milton and Akenside and Burke Are you deficient in power of reason ? Rend Chillingworth, Bacon, Linke, John Stuart Mill, Adam Smith, Herbert Spencer, and Alexander Bain Are you deficient in judgment and good sense in the common affairs of life i Road Franklin. Are you do fleet in sensibility 1 Road Qoetb, Mackenzie, Dickens, and Miss Austin Are you deficient in vigor of style? Road Jimmy, Fox, and Curly to. Are you deficient in political knowledge ? Rood Montesquieu, the " Podonihst," Webster, and Calhoun Are you deficient in history? Rend Gibbon, Humo, Motley, Proaoott, Lord Mahon and France. < Are you deficient in Bcicnoo ? Road Darwin, Tyndall and Huxley, Gilliman and Dane Are you deficient in patriotism ? Read Do inoathoncB and the " Life of Washington. Are you deficient in consequence ? Road home of President Edwards' works. Are you deficient in piety ? Road the Bible The. world would be more happy if persons gate up more time to an intercourse of friendship. Everything here is as we estimate it, and the changes in our hearts make the changes that we feel. The ears and eyes are the mind's receivers ¡ but the tongue is only busied in expounding the treasure received, Leisure is a very pleasant garment to look at, but it is a very bad one to wear. The ruin of millions may be traced to it A terse writer says that Nature likes to let the best of us find out, from time to time, that, after all, we do not know much Grief knit- two hearts in closer bonds than happiness over can and common suffering is a far stronger bank than ammon joy. If you would be pungent, be brief, for it is with words as with sunbeams tho more they are condensed, the deeper they burn. A GENEROUS mind does not feel as belonging to itself alone, but to the whole human race We are born to serve our fellow creatures. Four things are grovinuBiy empty A hoad without brains, a wit without judgment, a heart without honesty, and a purse without money. Happiness and pride are absolutely incompatible Continual vexations, fancied slights, and injuries, provoke and wound the self-sufficient mind. A contempt of the sacred rite of marriage not only endangers the morality of the individual, but strikes at the very foundation of social order and domestic happiness That man only is truly brave who fears nothing so much us committing a mean action, and undoubtedly fulfils his duty, whatever be the dangers which impede Iiib way. The principal, if not the only difference be twixt honesty and honor, seems to be in their different motives, the object of the latter being reputation, and of the former, duty. AN excellent mother, writing to one of her sons, on the birth of his eldest child, says, Give him an education that it. life may be useful, teach him religion that 1... death may %A0rld1saworIdof.trngg.e- but it is not true that to be compelled to struggle as a fortune. To Uro .. to struggle. Every human being has to struggle, and it is the point of vitality and the point of victory Love Next to having a lover herself, there is scarcely a moment in the life of a very young girl more fraught with interest than that in which she is informed that her intimate companion has obtained one. She hails it as a sure prelude that her own triumph in the same way is not far off, and her congratulation! are generally given with a joy which sufficiently attests their sincerity. Why is a soldier who attempts to bayonet a ghost an unprincipled fellow Because he sticks at nothing Dean Swift said " It is with narrow could people oh it is with narrow necked bottles, the less they have in them, the more noise they make in pouring it out " A Bad Crop -An American farmer, speaking of the thinness of the hay crop, said, " The grasshoppers have all got lame, trying to jump from one blade of grass to another " A GENTLEMAN, of > rag to describe to a friend the manner in which his fiancee's hair was arranged, said it was formed in front, and fricosBeea and scrambled at the back " Dototpdl Ina abstinent In Chicago one can thrash his mother in law, under a recent decision, for 75 dollars, but the Republican says it is an open question as to whether the investment days. Rather Debate was evidently not beyond the reach of consolation, the widower who replied to a sympathising visitor at the funeral of his wife, " Well, yes, sir, I shall miss her , she was a very expensive woman " A cool, Bays Colonel Yule, in his lecture on the mule, is as difficult to be governed as a male and the couplet is strictly true, that says Wise men alone who long for quiet lives, Wise men alone are govern us by their wives EvcitAiiQkä -Squabbles, on old bachelor, shows his stockings which he had just darned, to a maiden lady, who contemptuously remarks, " pretty good for a man darned ' Whoroupon Squabbles rejoins, "Yes, good enough for a woman, darn her" lEKToiALisir-Miss Moitmeau relates on anecdote, in for " Western Travels," of a clergyman who was so strict a temperance member that he refused to drink water out of the Briindywmo river, but he enjoyed the wine sauce eaten with plum pudding A TAiLOR, while travelling on the Lakes, was asked by a Yankee where he lived, and what his business was, 'c to which he replied that he lived in Toledo, and that his profession was sitting on the smooth side of poverty, and jerking out the cords of affliction A Never has a -An intoxicated man saw two railway cars passing him the other evening with red and blue lights in the front and rear. The fuddled In am comprehended colored lights, and he was heard to say to himself, "Must be pretty Back sickly bore, they are running chonnstB' shops about on who-nhocls '" A jury in North Carolina, after being charged in the usual way by the judge, retired to their room, when a white j in or ventured to ask a colored associate if he understood the charge of the judge "Golly' exclaimed the astonished juror, " he don't chin go up Dublin for dat, does so? Why I thought we were going to get pay!" FASiiioNAiin Vuir -A stranger dined at a fashionable hotel, where they had apple dump long, with Bunce both" for dinner He got through with the sauce, when mine host kindly inquired, " Will you take some more dumplings, Bir?" " No, sir, thanU'ee," was the reply, " but I will thank you for a little more of the 'mt mort!" A view out ions mode of trying the title to land is practised in Umdoslun Two holes are dug in the dispute d spot, in each of which the points a and defendant's lawyer put one of their legs, and remain there until one of them is used, in which case his client is defeated In this country it is the client, and not the lawyer, who puts his foot in it Speak and Snciis -"1 four," said a country minister to his Hook, " when I explained to ; you in my last charity sermon that philanthropy was the love of our species, you must have understood me to say ' speeds,' which may account for the small ness of the correction You will prove, I hope, by your present contribution, that you are no longer laboring under the same mistake " Tup Rochester Demon al is slightly sarcBBtio on a railway him in Unit vicinity It says that a gentleman took the train some days since, on what is teiniidllio" huckleberry Road," run nine, but can As on and Mount Morris After the train starts d from Avon, he discovered that he had left a valuable dog behind, but on arriving at Mount Morris, the lost dog was found sitting at the station, awaiting the arrival of his inuBtoi How to Kies-An American poet writes ' Kissing don't hurt, and it don't require no ' indenture to mid n it legal Don't jab down on a beautiful mouth as if spooring frocks ' Do not miss her hand scratch down his collar, blue her cheek, uqiuz/lu hot ash ribbons, and leave her missed, rumpled, and lluinmuxul 1 Don't grub and yank the lady as if she were a struggling colt But PaVo nor up lovingly, until last night care South lip her white of mining hamlet her fair hair A Lawii O' A Will. -A toy Boiler, who had recently taken to himself a wife, was exceedingly tender to her in epithet, his frequent address was, " My lamb " One day a little dirty faced boy asked for a boy, and the busy toy or Her said, "My lamb, serve that boy, ? please" The boy was served and went away, but soon returned to have his toy changed. the toy bells r doubted whether it had been bought at his shop and said-" Who served those?" who had replied, "It worst lam', sir." The boy soUi i blushed, exchanged the toy, and for the future addressed his wife as if she wore a rational creal Bro John He iiNOa says " I am rather favorably impressed with gin and milk, is an extract, and think a minister of the gospel mite contend with sum of it, on the eli, successfully , but when he came to recommend it to his people, I have my doubts about it unless he knows his people better Ullin I do ' Moreover, that " there are people who don't do anything but watch their symptoms I have such dogs are just as sensible -I have Boon a i at tamer watch the symptoms) of a knot hole in a board fence all day for sOme cut low come out, but no rat didn't turn out." Also, that "it is our duly few pray for them who rode und permute us, but I don't know oz we are obliged tew let them know it " Likewise, that it is hard to quit play while we are winning. It is DUst so in monds, mon seldom undertake to true religion as long as they had gitenuythmg else " And, in conclusion, the highest rate or interest that we pay is on borrowed trouble things that are always a going to happen never do happen race all things! even adversity is polite town man's face " CmtBAOii Biiinrs Outwitting the Wah orator- -they told rather a good story at the Curragh concerning the colonel of a gallant regiment about to proceed to India immediately. As usual when a regiment proceeds to that great dependency, there is marrying and giving in marriage Women " on the strength " and married " with have" receive rations, pay, Ac, andan allowance for every child A sergeant can Buvo with laso ds per day, and live comfortably the colonel of the regiment referred to gave the usual privilege to the well conducted men to marry, provide I the sides chosen bore good characters were strong and healthy, and over twenty years of age and that the pleasant colonel never imagined that his men ,,, three weeks time could flirt contend marry to any wonderful extent But he know not the ways of womenkind for half the regiment has succeeded in wooing and winning brides in the parish church of the Curragh the mornings are I devoted to tying people together for life, and we learn that the ladies, who are chiefly neat, trim girls, enjoy beyond measure the colonel's misconception But the War office shows its teeth and attacks the brides remorselessly The London authorities have ordered that every woman shall be allowed to have " only one box, which must not be higher than 11 inches'" How on earth could they Blow summers and chignons, and the infinite multitude of female wearables into a box 14, inches high ? But if the War office imagined that they could circumvent the ladies, they are woefully mistaken For these say, and very truly, that the War office has not fixed a limit to breadth or length, and wonderful are the shapes of the boxes hammered up by Kildare carpenters If the genial colonel made a mess of it, the War Office is plunged up to the neck in it Better for if the latter had permitted the brides to bring with them any number of and boxes than chests which seem to be a cross between piano cases and collins Between the colonel and the Horse Guards the girls have a merry time of it. 