general news Special services will be held in the Hindmarsh-square Congregational Church To morrow, to be conducted by the pastor (Rev. F. W. Cox), the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A. (pastor of Stow Church), and the Rev. Chas. Manthorpe (of Glenelg). The following is the weather report from the interior on Saturday monring:— " Beltana, S.B,, very strong, fresh; Strang ways Springs, E., fresh, very fine, warm; Peake, E., moderate, clear, warm; Charlotte "Waters, N.K., light, clear, fine ; Alice Springs, E., light, fine, clear; Barrow's,Creek, E., fine, clear; Tencant's Creek, S.E., moderate, fine." Snapper is usually caught tolerably frequently at this season of the year, but the flights of locusts have furnished such a quan tity of food that fishermen have very great difficulty in securirg a supply. The locusts in flying over the Gulf fall into the water in great numbers, furnishing such quantities of food for the fish that they will not freely take the usual hook and line bait. By way of experiment the mail signal lamp on the Post-Office Tower will be lighted at half-past 7 this (Saturday) evening. We are requested to notice an adver tisement in another column, that Mr. J. W. Daniel will commence a singing class at the Town Hall, Norwood, on Monday evening. By the Crawler Times we learn that the Victoria Crushing Company is to be wound up. Only 93 tons of cement had been crushed during the half-year. This speaks aiscourag ingly for the position and prospects of the Barossa diggings. It will be seen by an advertisement in another column that the time of sailing of the steamer Kangaroo for "Wallaroo next week is altered from Wednesday to Tuesday, to suit the convenience of consignees on the Peninsula, next Friday being a close holiday. On Friday afternoon last Mr. Charles Horlock, of Gould's Creek, got a nasty gore from a cow.' He was baling it up for milking for Mrs. Smith, a neighbor, when the beast turned short round, and inflicted a gore on the inside of his thigh. Dr. Nott was sent for, and found it was a severe cut, some two or three inches in length. He sewed it up, and the patient is now progressing very favorably. —Gawler Times. The Northern Aigus states that some one, feebly imitating the pranks of the Marquis of Waterford, has imposed himself as a ghost upon a number of timorous and weak-minded people in Clare. The apparition is described as tall, with an elongated visage, spring heels, and several changes of raiment. It prowls about, dogs the footsteps of unprotected females, knocks at doors, and indulges in divers other freaks worthy of the spirit of a rowdy convi vialist, out upon his nocturnal rambles. We have received the following abstract of the trade and revenue returns of New Zealand for the last quarter of 1871Total imports, £1,085,410 ; total exports, £1,008,201. Exports as f illows—Gold, £596 946; wool, £'256,420; barley, £1,710; malt, £960; oats, £8 465 ; wheat, £6,709 ; flax, £22,222 ; tallow, £6,291; Kauri gum, £31.715; preserved meats, £19,285. Revenue, £355,427 3s., of which £106,891 lis. 91. was from land sales and rents, and gold-fields revenue, &c.; The European population, as per census February 27, 1871, was 256,393. Ships entered, 201; tonuage, 78,790; cleared, 180 ; tonnage, 68,913. The Northern Argus speaking of Clare says :—" The locusts have not yet quite de serted our district, considerable detachments remaining behind, as if to eat up every particle of green vegetation that had been spared by the main body. Flocks of a small, species ot king fisher have appeared in many places, and seem to feed greedily upon them, but the birds are not sufficiently numerous to make any impres sion on the insect plague. A correspondent states that " one consequence of this visitation has been a sudden cessation in the supply of fresh butter, which has hitherto been unusually abundant and cheap for this time of the year." A preliminary meeting of the Norwood Parliamentary Club was h-ld on Friday even ing, the 22nd inst., at Mr. Caterer's school room, Beulah-road, Norwood, to decide upon the course of procedure for the ensuing session. Mr. Lavington Glyde, M.P., occupied the chair. Thirty-eight gentlemen entered their names as members ; and Mr. Fred. H. Wigg was reap pointed Treasurer, and Mr. Bayfield Moulden elected to the o ^'ce of Clerk of the Club in the place of Mr. W. L Glyde. The day and hour of weekly meeting were fixed. The last session closed with a satisfactory balance in the Trea suier's hands; and the coming session is looked forward to with great interest and every pros pect of success, several of the gentlemen now on the roll being new members. Mr. Glyde has kindly consented aggin to occupy the position of Speaker, and to" him is mainly attributable ! the past success of the Club. I We are informed that it is the inten tion of Mr. Roediger, of this town, to build a mill in the vicinity of Gawler for the purpose of dressing and preparing flax for the market The order has been already sent home for the necessary machinery, which includes appliances for the pressing and crushing of linseed ; and it is expected that it will be ready for use in plenty of time for next season's crop. This should serve as an inducement for those farmers in this neighborhood who have already commenced the cultivation of flax to persevere and also en courage others to give it a trial. There is no doubt that on land suitable for the purpose (of which there is said to be plenty in this and the surrounding districts), and with ordinary care, the crop is a highly profitable one, and will find a ready market. We wish Mr. Roediger all the success which his enterprise deserves.—Gawler Times. On Friday, March 22, a bazaar in aid of the funds of the local Institute was held at Gumeracha. Recently two rooms were erected at the rear of the Institute, at a cost of £90. Towards this amount subscriptions and ar ticles have been given worth about £50, and it is anticipated that by this bazaar the remaining portion of the sum required will be made up. A debating society holds its meetings at the Institute, which is tbe oldest-established country Institute in the colony, and these rooms will be very convenient for the members. There was a very fair at tendance, the township having an additional number of visitors in consequent of the how. The articles at the bazaar were of the ordinary kind—those usually found at bazaars—and a very fair trade was done. Refreshments were provided, and many availed themselves of the means thus provided of obtaining a quiet cup of tea or coffee and a sandwich. The proceeds were estimated at about £50. A man was bitten on the foot whilst goiDg to a small waterhole on Mr. Yeates' station—Tulloch Station, near Penola—on last Wednesday (March 13). A ligature was imme diately placed above the bitten part, which was squeezed and scarified. Tobacco juice was freely inserted in the wound. Vomiting com? menced half an hqur after the bite was inflicted, and continued incessantly with great faintness till the man got to the station, where a small piece of flesh round the wound was out out with a razor, and the wound sucked, and after wards blasted with gunpowder, _ Repeated nips of whisky were given, Vomiting pontiuefl till 4 p.m., when drowsiness came on, audit was with great difficulty that the map was kept awake. He was taken into Qasterton at mid night, vomiting at longer intervals, and strongly disposed to sleep, On arriving at the medical gentleman's house, he was pronounced to be not like a persqn suffering from snake-bite, and he seemed to be very hungry- -He was given a ittle bread, which immediately brought on vomiting, evidently only the result of the large quantity of spirits previously administere I. There were no other symptoms, so after the doctor had watched him till 4 o'clock on Thurs day morning, it was not thought' upe'ssary tQ apply "Ffllfbfd's rerfipdv, Tne mah was taken home, and vomited a little the next day. The snake either was very young, or else the imme diate action taken after the. bite prevented any bad results.—Spectator.. ' On ^Friday evening,; March 22, ; the 'Adelphian Class Meeting; in .the Christian Chapel, Grote-street, held a tea.;and pqblic'en tertainment in connection with thereMsembling of the class, after a vacation of: three months. The tea was provided in a first-class Btyle, and was partaken of by a great number of friends. After the tea a public entertainment took place, Mr. H. S. Earl, M.A., the critic of the class, presiding; The Chairman, in a short ad dresB, explained the objects of the class—to in crease the Scriptural knowledge of its members, and to qualify them for future usefulness. He spoke at some length upon the advantages of the class, and of the amount of usefulness it wa£* calculated would be imparted to those of its members who were regular in their attendance. No greater ; or nobler object conld be engaged in than that of extending the knowledge of Christ. The young men of the class fully realised this, and hence studied to prepare themselves in order to contend for the faith , once delivered to the saints. The Adelphian Class had already been the means of doing much good. Several of its members were now engaged in making known the Gospel, and several others, who did not appear in public, were exerting a good influence in various ways, while all were eDgaged, in a greater or less degree, in laboring for one common-end—the benefiting of society. This was the very foun dation of the Adelphian Class, and to this end the members would still persevere. The fol lowing; exercises were then engaged in :—A reading, by Wm. Green, "The Battle of Life," from a lecture by Hugh Stowell Brown ; a reci tation, by F. G. Hales, jun., "A Dream;" essay, by M. Collis, "The Perfect Guidea recitation, delivered in a very creditable style, " The Mysterious Music," by W. G. Davies; and a short practical discourse by J. Hawkes. Several hymns were sung during the evening, and the gathering, which was a very large one, dispersed shortly before 10, after having en joyed a very interesting evening's entertain ment. The Kev. John Newton formed the, subject of a lecture given by'ihe ftev. T.-- J;: Smyth, M.A., in the Pulteney-street school room on Friday night, in aid of St. John's Sunday-school. . Mr. W. S. Moore presided, and briefly explained the object of the lecture. The Kev. Mr. Smyth stated that the Kev. Mr. Newton was born in 1725. His mother, who was a pious, woman, taught him at an early age the ^reat truths of Scripture, and these first impressions clung to him throughout his life, and when three years old he was taught to read, and at six he com menced Latin, but his exctllent mother dying, that was discontinued. When his father, who was at sea,- returned, he was sent to a boarding-school in Essex, - where, however, he learnt very little. His father married again, and Newton went to sea. On his return, a Liverpool merchant offered to take charge of young Newton. Consent was given, and it was proposed that he should be sent-to Jamaica. His father, however, sent him to Kent, where he met some friends of his mother's, and he found in that family one whom he could never banish from his thoughts. He stayed so long in Kent that the opportunity to go abroad was lost, and he then shipped on board a ship bound for Venice. He was next pressed into the navy, and here he unlearned all; his good mother had taught him. Not liking the service he deserted. He was, however, cap tured, brought back, and flogged before the whole crew. So much did he feel his position that he determined to put an end to his life, but the thought of one for whom he had great esteem prevented him. He-obtained his discharge on the coast of Africa, and had to endure slavery for two years. He afterwards entered the service of a kind master, who placed him in a position of trust. A ship happening to call at the place where he was stationed, enquiries' were made for him, and he was induced to return to England. Here he obtained command of a vessel, and subsequently married the lady who had first engaged his attention.. During one of his voyages he became converted, and from that time seized every opportunity to study the Scriptures; he also learned the dead lan guages. He first determined that he would join the Dissenters, because he felt that he could not subscribe to the Articles of;the Church of England, but, altering his mind, he. applied to the Archbishop of York for ordination, but met with refusal.. His ministerial labors, from the time he endeavored to preach his fiist ser mon in a Dissenting meeting-house, in Leeds, and failed, to the day of his death at a ripe old age, were next commented on. The lecturer having mentioned several hymns of the Kev. Mr. Newton's composition, concluded his lec ture by repeating the lines commencing— " Lives of great men all remind us." There was a fair attendance, and the proceedings were in terspersed with vocal and instrumental music and readings. r 