GREEN'S PLAINS. (from our own correspondent.) With great regret I have to chronicle the death of Mr Joseph Broadstock on Friday, Aug. 2. The deceased was much. respected, and the funeral (yesterday) was very largely attended. The occasion was improved, after the sad ceremony, by Mr Mayfield, of the Hummocks in at» excellent sermon to a large congregation, at the Independent Chapel, the preaclier taking his text from Job—" For man dietfo and wasteth away, yea he giveth up the ghost, and where is he.''—In the evening a second excellent impressive discourse was de livered at the Primitive Chapel, by the Rev. J. Warner, of Moonta, on the " Last Judg ment," the leading points of the subject being ** the Day," •' Those to be judged,*' " The Judge," and " The nature of the judgment." The subject was haudled in a masterly man ner and is worthy of a brief abstract. In re lation to 44 the day," the rev. gentleman re marked, " some had risen up and stated cer tain periods where the consummation of all things would arrive, but by being in error had shown their presumption as the date thereof was known to none, a date had been fixed by God.toimself as shown by Scripture. Some had the impression that by " the day," was meant a period of twenty-four hours. Did not consider this a right or proper view of the case. The word ' day' was frequently made use" of in scripture independent of stated time as 44 the day of grace," " the night is far spent, the day is at hand," 441 must work while it is called to-day,*' &e.; Everything was prepairing for that day. It must be remembered in allusion to time, that ** a thousand years were in God's sight as one day.'* In speaking of .those to be judged he alluded to "the talents.'' In former times there was the Church of Koine—representa tive of Judaism—th?re were also Gentileism and Heathenism . Those "belonging to Juda ism considered themselves as superior to the Gentiles, but the Apostle Paul denied the .statement. It was not the 4i bearers of the word,*' who would be justified, but the " doers of it." Speaking of the judge he (the preacher) forcibly showed the immense distinction be tween human and divine judgment in compar ing earthly courts of justice, .where bo much care, &c.;, was requisite to prove a case—autl divine omniscience. " Alluding to tbe "■ nature of the judgment *' he remarked that the sec rets of mankind would be judged as well as their open actions, strange disclosures would be made on that day, not to God but to an assembled world, many were thought to be sober, truthful, virtuous, and honest, who in reality, were the truth known, might prove the reverse. The judgment would be final. No appeal could be made; those who were condemned would sink, self condemnation and knowledge of the judge would defy appeal, those who were pardoned would rise at the judge's command. The speaker concluded with an earnest exhortation to those present to prepare for the eventful change, it was ! throughout a clear, and excellent address. 