spiRfï&ALmr; 'DEFENDED. ' TO DUST EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. SIR-I think a few minutes' reflection must suffice to convince " H. G. T." that there is no analogy between the case of the drunken man who forgets, when sober, what he said while his brain was in a morbidly excited or functionally deranged condition, and that of the medium who has no knowledge, in her normal state, of the purposes for which her organs of speech have been used while her brain was deadened, and her thinking capacity, so to speak, temporarily obliterated. Did it ever happen to "H G. T. to fall in with or to hear of a drunken man, who, while intoxicated, could recall and accurately repeat the substance of a conversation he had with you four months previously he being then drunk also-and who was able to indicate to you the chair on which you sat, and the position in the room eight or nine other persons being likewise present-which you then occupied ? Yet, this is what a spirit-or, as "H. G. T. would prefer to say, a medium-has done more than once within my own experience. I think no unprejudiced man could investigate the phenomenal have witnessed without being compelled to abandon the theory that the medium's mind is in any way privy to, or concerned in them. Let me mention what occurred no longer ago than Saturday last, and ask any unbiassed person to pronounce an opinion on it. & I had been conversing chiefly listening on the subject of the evolution of the human race, and the spirit passed on to speak of the erroneousness of the popular idea, that there is any such thing as death in the world or in the universe, that phenomenon being merely a transformation. Incidentally he reprehended the practice of burying the dead as loath- some and injurious to the living, remarking that we ought to burn our shells, and that quicklime was the best agent for the purpose. He went on to say "Your word 'death' is a perversion of terms. It came to you through the Netherlands from Germany, and is a corruption of body, which, in its original significance, means finished, or ended." I then asked what was the origin of the German language? The spirit was unable to reply. He looked at me for a few seconds vaguely, then all speculation faded out of his eyes, and they closed. The medium was convulsed for a second or two, and another spirit took possession of her. I could see by the twitching of the eyelids and of the mouth that he had some difficulty in controlling her organs of vision and speech. The aspect of the face was changed, and so were the tones of the voice. The first few words were detached and apologetic. They were " New -manifestations-difficulty-first time." As soon as the organs were mastered, the spirit began by giving me a rapid and succinct sketch of the origin of the German language among the first human inhabitants of the dense forests on both sides of the Rhine, which forests he described as one of the three European nurseries of the human family. He said that the five vowels naturally uttered-wore the first articulate I sounds pronounced, and that they expressed the emotions of wonder (ah !), perplexity (eh ?), I hilarity the pain (oh i), and horror (ugh !) respectively. He gave these sounds in his throat, each corresponding with the continental pronunciation of a, e, to u, He then explained to me the sounds in vented during the next two stages of human progress, which I am sorry to say I have forgotten, and proceeded to assert that in the fourth stage which he denominated the iron age-the muscles of the mouth had become sufficiently flexible to admit of the utterance of words Uko "sprach," and others ending in "ch." He pointed out how truly languages reflect the national and tribal character, and added, " The Russian is a noble but unappreciated tongue. It will eventually be the vehicle of thought for a deep-thinking people, who will rival the Germans in that respect," In reply to my questions, he said that this was the first time he had spoken to me; that he lived in Asia when on the earth, and had made philology his study and he was still watching with unabated pleasure, and with larger powers of observation and comparison, the evolution of language among the savage tribes on the earth. He said, "When you humans, in your ignorance of the laws of mind, take up one branch of study, you pursue it, and it only, and become monomaniac ; whereas we study groups of sciences, Thus, cor relatively with language, I occupy myself with music and mental philosophy." I He then said that the earliest musical sounds elicited were those obtained by striking a block of stone with a bit of wood and added much more in respect to cognate subjects, with which I for- bear to trespass on your space, i Now, Sir, supposing that all this emanated from the deadened mind of the medium, wherefore the necessity for the break, the intermediate convulsion, and 'the-in that case-simulated difficulty of utterance? If this were an isolated phenomenon, I should attach the less importance to it, but I have witnessed something similar to it half-a-dozen times. Each spirit appears to possess special capacities, according to the bent of its mind on earth, and to exercise special functions, co-operating with those of other [spirits under the direction of some intangible law. And, as I have said before, they always describe themselves as working in groups or circles, for the instruction and improvement of mankind. The theory that these communications emanate in some mysterious way from the mind of the person receiving them, will not bear examination, I think, for not only do many of these communications relate to subjects with which I was previously but slightly acquainted, or altogether unacquainted, but they are often repugnant to and destructive of all my preconceived notions on the matter. "H G. T." demurs to my allusion to the belief in spiritualism entertained by millions, and hints that the same thing may be said of Buddhism. Undoubtedly and why have all the creeds of the East found so much favour with their votaries but because they all contain a spiritual element? The conscience of God is to be met with in the whole of them. They were, as Bunsen has pointed out, a partial revelation of that which Christianity before it became corrupted by the theologians was the perfect revelation. Hence they satisfy a human need. As to the spiritualist theory of the evolution of the human race being " entirely at variance with the fundamental principles of development as known to science," I beg to remind "H G. T." that he and I are talking of two totally distinct things. The scientific theory implies transition of form, the spiritualist theory the transition of the vital principle within the form. Mr. Darwin-I suggest with great humility by concentrating his attention on structure is liable to overlook what lies beneath the essential and eternal principle of which that structure is but the outward and visible sign. I think M. Figures, in his Le Lendemain de la Mort has laid his hand upon the clue which will conduct our naturalists out of the labyrinth, and will enable them to erase the word " supernatural" from our dictionaries. Very little requires to be said about the millions of good men and women extolled by " H. G. T." But I should like to ask him how many of the good men and women of his acquaintance enjoy perfect health, perfect contentment with their lot in life, and pcrfcothappiness? And "if not, why not?" The spirits assert that all these things are attainable on earth, and they demonstrate it by arguments which are irresistible in their force and cogency, The means of health and happiness lie, they declared within the reach of every one of us, and we deliberately reject them for the pursuit of phantoms which perpetually elude our grasp. Assum- ing that the inhabitants of other planets can and do visit our own and that in their habitations the maxim that " the fear or love of God is the beginning of wisdom is of universal authority, and is universally acted upon, is it at all astonishing that our chance visitants, seeing how we live, and for what we are living, depart from us, < exclaiming with Iacbimo : What! are men mad? Hath nature given them eyes To see this vaulted arch and the rich crop Creek and land, which can distinguish twixt The fiery or 6 above and the twinn'd stones Upon the number'd beach and can we not Partition make with spectacles so precious 'Twixt fair and foul Yours obediently, J. s. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS, Sir-When I admit I am not a convert to a belief in modern spiritualistic phenomena, in the absence of any evidence beyond the statements which I have read from time to time in newspapers and other profane publica- tions ; yet as an orthodox Christian, I confess I cannot with my present lights perceive any à priori difficulty in coming at a conclusion that the communications said to take place between disembodied spirits and the souls of living men may occur, because I know from the New Testament that evil spirits did exist at one time, and take part in human affairs, and that they actually took possession of the bodies of men, and that our Lord on several occasions addressed them as independent individuals, and commanded them to "come forth," and to go elsewhere. The orthodox answer to that, however (and it was always conclusive to my mind until recently), is, that the spirits referred to are evil spirits, permitted by God to minister his vengeance on man and there my belief in spirits began and ended. It was my fortune, however (good or ill), to travel a few days ago in the railway from Brighton to Melbourne, and I happened to meet with a person who forced upon the company present the subject of spiritualism, and fixed upon me in particular as if I were his natural enemy. I told him it was no place to discuss such subjects, but that if it would afford him any satisfaction, I should be glad to see him at my house, and I gave him my card accordingly and sure enough, there he was to the minute, and on being introduced into the parlour, after some preliminary conversation of an amicable character, he placed rather angrily in my hands the following document, evidently carefully prepared by somebody : "Interview between Saul and the ghost of Samuel, 28th ch" 1 Samuel, passing Then said the woman, Whom shall I bring up unto thee? And he (Saul) said, Bring me up Samuel and when the woman saw Samuel she cried with a loud voice. And the king said unto her, What form is he of? and she said, An old man cometh up, and he is covered with a mantle. And Saul perceived that it was Samuel. . . . And Samuel said to Saul, Why hast thou thus greeted me to bring me up and Saul answered, I am sure distressed. ... I have called thee that thou mayest make known to me what I shall do. . . Then said Samuel, To morrow thou and thy sons shall be with me." "Now, sir, said my friend, you perceive that in the foregoing narrative, contained in the infallible Word of God, according to your own admission, are present, with extraordinary exactitude, all the conditions, necessary to the production of modern spiritualistic phenomena; don't you?" said hoemphatically. He then handed me the following document, conditions as the disclosed in the Scripture narrative of the Endor transaction : 1\. Approval by God of communications between good spirits (Samuel was a servant of the Lord) and living men. 2\. The use of a medium in the old woman of Endor. 3\. An actual communication between the living and the dead. N.B. This communication surpasses that spoken to by spiritualists, for it seems to have been oral and face to face, and the medium was required only to bring the parties together. 4\. A land of spirits, whatever may be their classification. " To-morrow shalt thou and thy sons be with me si e., in the abode of departed human souls. " When I had finished reading he asked me in a peremptory tone, "Is that true ; and if so, sir, what does it mean ?" I told him that I believed the story was allegorical, or a special transaction, or a miracle, but that it was no warrant for "spiritualism" in the sense in which that term is now understood. To which he replied-" Do you believe, sir, it to be both, or either, or neither?" I confess I was so puzzled by his question that I at once entrenched myself behind a solemn declara- tion that I believed the Bible to be the Word of God. My friend replied, ' Any shuffles (that was his expression) could run for shelter from prose into poetry when he was detected in telling a lie, and so much for your ' allegory "As to the affair being a special one, he said, "I knew that to be false, as I was well aware that persons having 'famia spirits,' or mediums, were in those days as thick as blackberries' (to use his own language in Judea and that the process of exterminating them wholesale had occupied Saul a considerable time. So much, then (he said), for your speciality ;" and that Saul's reason for committing those murders was because the priests had made him believe that any other then the orthodox method of communicating with the other world was a crime. He called my attention to the passage in the narrative, "The Lord answered me no more by prophets nor by dreams to-the prophets, sir, he added, were professional mediums, and so were the interpreters of dreams, and these having failed Saul, he had recourse to her of Endor. As to miracle, he said, assuming such a thing is miracle to have ever taken place, and to have occurred in this case, it merely affected the mode in which the thing was brought about but that it could not affect the truth or falsehood of the story on it moral or religious aspect. He furthermore observed that given the theory of "latent ideas" propounded by the writer in the Quarterly Review (of whose article so able on outline was given in a recent issue of The Argus), he will smash (his expression) every miracle in the new and old Testament, and account for them by natural causes. He also cited Professor Tyndall- Fragments of Science, See, where the professor says that by a natural process he can see the interior of his own eyes, and, furthermore, that he could make a gas jet at 30 feet distance play a most melodious time Without any miracle. Then with triumphant air he challenged me to point out anything immoral, unscriptural, or irreligious in the doctrines of spiritualism, adding, scornfully, " and I'll give you into the bargain, sir, your own book, the Bible, for a standard." The only, and certainly the safest, thing I could say was that 1 stood fast by the Bible. He then proceeded in an excited tone to assert, without fear of contradiction." that he could prove spiritualism from numberless authorities, and that he would not leave " that room " until he had left myself and friend some biblical nuts to crack. He asked me to tell him what a Jewish priest was but a "medium." and what were his Uri in and his Thummim but the pendants of a brass breastplate used as a kind of instrumental apparatus for mediumistic purposes." He quoted "And thou shalt put in the breastplate the Urim and the Thummim, and they shall he upon Aaron's heart when he goeth before the Lord, and Aaron shall bear the judgment of the children of Israel upon his nose before the Lord continually." -Exodus xxviii. 30. " Something, sir, performing functions similar to those performed by our planchette," said he. He next referred to the case of Balaam's ass, which he described as a medium, and archly observed-" That, sir, is the true and spiritualistic medium, and is manifestly referred to in the passage where it is written having ears ye hear not " I at last interrupted him by saying that his violence, more especially 03 directed against me, was wholly uncalled for, and that I had never taken any part whatever in the pend- ing controversy, and that I wished the interview ended. He then rose from his chair, and said that friends of mine and he had believed myself had been in the habit of blackguarding respectable living citizens on whose veracity no imputation had ever before been cast, and treating them with scorn and abuse, when they manfully came forward to bear witness to what they saw with their eyes and heard with their oars and that he and his friends would pay them off in their own style. He apologised if he had given me any offence, but said that his reason for fixing on me was that he had soon me on several occasions in Melbourne in company with two notori- ous" and spiritualists, and that his temper had been ruffled by the vulgar and scurrilous attacks which had been made on J. S"" who was a friend of his. He then took his departure. I fear. Sir, that the style of some of the lecturers and writers against spiritualism is "catching," and if the controversy be- long continued, OUT polemical -literature will rapidly descend to the low standard of the above deliverances. To check this growing degeneracy in our methods of controversy, and above all to crush out the rapidly-growing heresy spiritualism, I venture to offer the following practical suggestion viz., let clergy- men of all denominations from time to time on Sundays and the sooner the better ascend their pulpits in the House of God (where ridicule or vituperation cannot enter and having selected appropriate texts of Scripture, let them refute the pretensions of spiritualists, calmly, dispassionately, and by argument. Depend upon it, Sir, that the rapid strides this new religion is making amongst persons of all persuasions, demands, at the hands of the clergy especially, a. clear and exhaustive treatment of the phenomena admitted by many of themselves to exist, and that without delay. And, furthermore, that the pulpit is far better fitted for such discussions than the lecture-room. I might suggest, Sir, that the very rev. the dean of Melbourne might lead the way next Sunday, taking the witch of Endor for his subject, and that his sermon should be printed I am, Sir, ABC. 