' WTEB0OLONIAL. CunnBALtBK.— On Thursday last (the Gee fthtmtdim reports) a man uamod John Dil ipplied fur ft warmnt against a man named m ll'Ewtfn, charging iiiut with having bitten aft eitr nearly off. ft appears titat there hud Iweii a dispute over n, gnuiu nt'enrds in a house at tlicCmidiuu, iind in order to convince Dillon, faia antagonist, M'Kwan, indulged in the above amusement -Dr. ftuusay attended to the chawed ttlSHtL, mid bhs hopes of saving the whole of it. AhotuaU OaorT Stobv.— T. sends the lid iowillj yariktutlie liny OtmJard :— Some years Since two friends of ini n« (squatters) were return ing from their daily occupation to the home sta tion, and on nc:iring a di-y swain1,) they butli ex claimed- -Here's a trnwlk-r cmuiivr the wrong toad ! The vision they s:iw reiiresentcd n man catTyi!i' his blankets ??» Iiis kick, but us tic turned from the |-uth into the swamp on their approach, they rode after him with the intention of showing lum the proper direction ; on new ing the suppusnd traveller, ?ma of my friends spoke to him several tinie3, but not receiving any reply, raided his »-bij- to strike the man— when to the intense horror of bull gentlemen, the phantom assumed a cloud-hke misty form, and vanished from their view. Many people have since visited the spot, but no clue's to thu ghost's story has ever yet been discovered. Juries Asrb theip. Verdicts.— At the Bathurst (Quarter SesiMna, un Frid ly morning, Judg ? Jo-ephion, wjile refemiiK to tlie ' reason able donbu' which a prisoner should always re ceive the benefit nf at the hands of a jury, friuk occasion (the Ti net report) to make the following remarks:— 'I I'.-imiot permit the present oppor tunity to pass vi irh' iut cjqir&isiiig; my aurpi- iiic at a verdict which was returned last evening in a case which, to my mind, pro.semed no difficulty whatever, in which no reasonable doubts could present themselves to the enur-ciences of any number of reasonable men. Yet in this case a perverse verdict was returned— most assuredly a verdict contrary to the evidence, a verdict in Which the jury seems to have considered the voluble statement of a prisoner as proved, and asagainstthe sworn testimony of oilier witne^M.*, and without considering that in such nUlmiieiit the prisoner said that one of the witnesses could have proved her statement to be true, and .yet she never asked that witness one ijuestion. The evidence of the principal witness on the part of the prosecution was uucoutradicted, and given apparently in a fair, unprejudiced manner in a Simple narrative which, to unprejudiced men. ought to have had its proper weight. Xotl.ing Xns urged against this ?man's character. I do; not hesitate to say that this was the must per- i verse verdict I have ever received, and I might justly fear that a jury, who could return such a verdict against evidence which seemed to me to j be conclusive, although sworn to decide a case upon the evidence brought before them, would -return a verdict against 'a prisonnr if only facts were mentioned before them that she was a notorious offender against the laws of the country.'' Caution to Belligerent Actresses.— On more tiuu -me -icua*i--n in these colonies (says the Lawifxaton Examiner) female actresses and performers have retaliated upon editors and re porters for unfavorable criticisms, by castigatiuus with riding whips in the Lola Montes style. In Borne parts of America, the practice is said to be of such frequent occurrence that in order to pre vent a continued series of annoyances caused by the unfriendly visits of professionals Indies with Amazonian proclivities, cine of the lending dra matic journals in New York has issued the fol lowing notine : — ' Two young ladies attached to the Theatre ? , feeling aggrieved at some re B)«rks,niatlebyoiirrejii)i(er, ' went for liiui ' on the 15th instant, for the purpose of instituting another * 1iwl« unpleasantness :' but as our reporters hive Html instructions not to iiglit with women, he, in obedience to directions, in stead of lieatiug the young ladies, beat ;* masterly retreat. Tliis Amazunian ;is-=.anlt is one ol'tlie indirect results of fiie Woman's Hi^hts jiinve ment, and though it makes us feel ntii'.'r moan to seem to get scared at girls yet wo must put up with such inhuman treatment f'-r the sake of perserving the peace ; Imt we take this itpp.ir tunity to warn all hostile girls to bewue, fur we hHVe just commenred the training of a woman 6 feet 2 inches in her st'i.iliiiijjs, to whose tender mercies we shall cunsi'.'ii all belli^'rout fein-ilc* who may hereafter object to anything mtr repor ters may say in their line of duty. Tht-se metro politan women ought to feel pleased that this fighting woman is not quite ripe enough for business, but she is coruiii!; to it, as she already knocks a 3'MI lb. big iie.iduver liui'k Now, we give timely warning, she will 'put a head' on the first woman she tackles.' Tjsl&iba.piuc; Ertior.— The following case, related in the Mnitlaad Mercury, phow.s that agents ought tint to operate in the nliare market on toll-graphic instructions without ascertaining the complete correctness of the telegram : -' A gentleman rn.sding near M.iithud held share: in a Queensland Company. He received informa tion one d.iy by telegram that the shaves had risen, a^id were in demand at a certain price, ?with a query whether the writer should sell any for him at once. He telegraphed back authority to sell two hundred shares ; but subsequently, finding the market still rising, he sent another telegram uot to sell. This lattt-r telegram ar rived too late. The Queensland agent tile graplied back in reply to it, that lie had sold live finndred bufiirc it arrived, as authorised. Greatly annoyed, the Maitlund gentlemen wrote to know what made him sell su large a number, when be was only instructed to sell two hundred. In reply the Queensland agent quoted the tele gram he received, which authorised the sale of five hundred shares. On implication to the West Maitlind Tele.?raph Oitice. the original authority to telegram was produced, and it was found to read ' Sell two 2 hundred .shares'— but that in the absence of Mr. Majuire, the tele graph station master, on official duly, the lad ?who actually sent on the message had read it as 41 five 5.'1 The Mnitkud gentleman now applied to the Superintendent of Telegraphs, at Sydney, claiming redre»s for his loss. The £ hares had ? still kept rising in the market, and on the day f. he wrote to Sydney their then price would have Snude n difference of £1(15 more to him on the :,- eateof the three hundred shares sold through ='.! Hie telegraph blunder. And this sum he claimed ;.;»? ' that the Government ought to pay him, in re f . - dress. The following is a copy of reply received, tz- omitting names :— ' Eloitric Telegraphs, Syd %'?' ?'*; iey, 4th June. 1872. Sir,— I am in receipt of jj£ ?'?- your letter of the 28th instant, and enclose bere te'ifr|wi6i«opy 'f the 7th clause in the regulations. fc^^fjy^liich you will perceive that the Government jfefiiloiiiotjbold themselves responsible for unre gi^djij^ifr- JMwagw, dmsequciitly your claim can jg|yiJiibt1bS intertaitied. I regret that you should §§§gj§lM*,«ffisred so much inconvenience from the SMlttnfiwtunate error, and have fined the operator ^^^M«»U'te.to«arelesBne»s. Trusting that you |^;M)| jBQT f»gai« have to make a similar complaint, ??HgpriVi* -». **, E. O. Cracknelt ^^nUttateUdeiit of TelcgrapUa.; The clause en |^^^^bi;*he Jletter read as Mows :-'7. In BnilnT' f' '1 mistakes in the trans mfflMKmmiimmmea^y the electric telegraph, yBfflHWJiip^tM consequenw ought to be re BilifflrWT'''''' to thl station fron, ^H|HHMt Half the usual price HMBHl? shSisad for repeating ^»P^HP||^ fi-^mmetit wUl not IS ^?Hi^Mlpii *h-f transmission of ?MH^^^^anvTateveroause they ^^^^^^^^^^^p'non-tronBmiBsion or D.t*.TH ruoM FmonT.— A sudden death, under painful circumsiances, occurred a few days aeo at Brown's Mountain. It would apixjar (the Bomiala 'lHm--i reports) that Mrs T. Higgs (who w.is ill in bed) sent her little jnrl out to warm a shawl ; in a few monu'iiU fclie heai-d the girl screaiuing, and, becoming alarmed for thcchild's safety, jumped out of bed and rushed into the room. There she discovered the cause of the screams— the shawl had caught lire in the girl's hnudi The fright and severe shock had a fatal effect upon the poor sick woman, and she died in n few hours afterwards, leaving un infant of four days old motherless. The Oi'i'.rlasd Telegraph.— The following /satisfactory telegrams (observes the South Aus tralian Advertiser J from Mr. Todd to the Chief Secretary have been received by this uviil in re ference to the progress of the Adelaide and Port Dii-u-in ti'lt'fl-Jph line at the northcin end :— ' R.iper Hiver, 5th April.— liaugal sails to-day for 1'ort Darwin. Kuuckey arrived at Roper from Attack Creek, 7th March ; visited on his way M'L:ii'hl.in and Itntt's parties, but missed Burton, b'jing unable to follow his tracks, owing to bus,;)' country. He was unable to cross the Sti.ingways for n month, owing to heavy floods. Lino nearly complete to latitude 15NJ8. I Knuekcy tikes charge of Il'.itt'.s section, i Weather now fine, and large nuuil)er of teams j h.ive left. King started to establish express ser- | vim. Work will be pushed forward with a!l i vi*-r. Have purchased J,OHO more slice)) from M'flner, ti» save cartage of rations. :};te) left M'L:tchlau's camp for Hiirton's in Fo'jruarv. All well. Shall be at Port D.irwin middle of April. ^Port ])arwin, l*ilh May.— Arrivod at P.iit Darwin, Ltth May, long voyage ; leave next week. Purchased fifty tons eo.il.s from tln» Alex andra. Line working well from Port O.snviii s-iuth. Three hundred miles will bo c-mpl--ti.-d t^) latiiudo 17° ; 4:jn miles i:i livo wo.-ks, leavi-ig agapof only 15D miles, wlii.h niil b^ c.no:vj iu'two d.iys. by express. Stnnig f.-rce con -e:i- trated. Forty-five tcam-ilefi Itopcr. Kuuclii'y taken charge Jiutt's seuiion. All will.' j MiRAcn.oi s Ksi.ape. -The following extra- ? ordinary staU-mont Ii.-ih been cuniimiiicateil to '? the Wr'teni l'-i*t ?? Mudiwi1). by a geutlt.-iu.iii who. '? | although lie ha- travelled, is not in the habit of | 'throwing the li -itrhet, ' and, so fir as the iir I cinnst.iutial portions of the story are coiicornoiL they may bo relied upon as being correct. Our I informant, who is :i gentleman well-known in j the district, re-idin-' within less than a dozen ] miles nf Mudgoe, says :- '8nmc men are sink- j in.; deep shafts for gold on my property, and ? wore absent trom their work during thcUulgong .-.ii-es. The child -/f a iH'ighhnr, n gb) from H) to 1-2 years of ago, and, as I hear, rather .silly, a-.id in the habit of wandering about the bush, went to osiu of the shafts, and seeing no one about, appeals to have taken it into her head to go down it. Tiie rope being on the windlass, and the girl having started, there is no doubt she went down at railway speed. This hap pjned, I am told, early in the morning before 10 o'c-oek. At a late hour in the evening a digger traveller passed near the shaft, and was anxious t » find out whether the reports were true of the j d:ep sinking, and seeing no one at the place, en duitvorcd to truess its depth by throwing down a little earth (fortunately not a stone), und atten tively listened at the time. To his borrow he heard a voice from below telling him not to throw the dirt down, and on getting assistance in the neighbourhood the shaft was descended, and the girl was brought up from the bottom. She was found not to be materially hurt, at a depth of at least 140 feet, and she states that she went down, and received no particular in jury. What hurt her most was the spare rope uncoiling and falling on her after she reached the bottom, and this was, no doubt, consequent upon the rapidity given to the «indl;iss by the speed of her descent. I am rather see] itical of the affair, but if she HixswndHil as she states. I look upon it as a miracle that she was not dashed to atoms. If she descended as she says, truly the Almighty tempered ' the wind to the shorn 1-iinV Had the girl been qniia in her sensiss no doniit she would have left hold of the rope, and been dashed to atoms.' 