TOWN TALK. An accident occurred at the Wallington ] on Monday, about which the following particulars have been supplied. The Queenscliffe coach, containing three ladies and a young gentleman having arrived at Pascoe'e, the driver rather incautiously left t!ie box. He had hardly done fo when the horses took fright aud bulted, and the coach coming into contact with Mr G. Thomas's buggy, which was standing in front of the hotel, took off its hind wheel. This did not stop the coach, however, and the horses gallopped furiously towards Coleman's, the lady passengers, as may well be imagined, being dreadfully frightened, and there is no telling what would have been their fate but tur the presence of mind shown by their fellow passenger. This gentleman succeeded in crawling through the window of the coach on to the box seat, w.d gracing tb? reus pulled rte how* tip when they' had got half way up Coleman's hill. The determination by the Banks, which appear to be suffering from a plethora ol fixed deposits at present, to reduce their rate of interest, is already beginning to elicit a formidable resistance at the hands of some of their best customers. It appears that the members of the Geeloug and Western District St. Patrick's Society have at present in one of the banks two fixed deposits ot £400 and £350, besides a current account ot between £'200 and £300 to their credit. Recently the committee received intimation that it was intended to reduce the rate of interest trom 4 per cent', per annum to 2^- per cent. The members did'not think this latter arrange ment a fair equivalent for the use of their money, and held a meeting, at which the subject of the disposition of theii funds was duly considered. After a brief discussion, it was resolved to remove the fixed de posits as their terms expired, and together with the amount to credit in their current account, to have the money lodged in the | Post Office Savings' Bank, where the in terest allowed is still 4 per cent. Some extensive improvements are being made in the vicinity of the Meat- preserving works on the Barwon. The slaughter house formerly used by Messrs Lowe and M'Kenzie, butchers, is being enlarged and extended, and is to be converted into a bone mill, where the refuse from the works will be manufactured into manure. The Meat preserviug Company are carrying op their operations with great energy. During the last three months they have slaughtered and boiled down 31,000 sheep and 155 head of cattle. A general meeting of members of the Geclotig and Western District St. Patrick's Society was held last (Tuesday) evening, for the purpose of electing a vice-president. The president, Mr Denis O'Brien, ex plained that, the present proceedings had been rendered necessary through a protest entered against the validity of the previous election by the candidate who was de feated on that occasion. It transpired that the ground of the protest was that certain juveniles .who contributed towards the band fund, but were not members of the society, had voted, and this was considered fatal to the election. The president proposed Mr Wallace as a candidate for the office of vice-president, and ilr Kerley seconded the proposition. Mr P. Healey proposed Mr John Claachy, and Mr T. Shannon seconded the nomina tion. The election thsn took place, result ing as follows:-Mr Wallace 52, Mr J. Clanc'uy 43. The former was therefore declared duly elected. Four new members were nominated, and from some of the minntes which were read it appeared that the finances of the society were in a most flourishing condition. This constituted the only business, and the meeting ad journed. _ It would appear that the risk- of life involved by the overcrowding of boats plying for hire on the bay is at length receiving the attention it demands. Prom what has transpired it would seem that neither the harbour-master nor the' police have anv control over these boats, which hold their' licenses from the _ Customs' authorities. If there are any, regulations by which the number of passengers that these boats are capable of conveying with safety can be limited, it is quite evident that the sooner they are enforced the better. The trains were again well patronised yesterday (Tuesday), and the Railway Station, thronged as it was at intervals, presented a marked contrast to the state of things that prevailed in the corresponding period of previous years. The number of passengers by rail who have arrived in and departed from this station during the Easter holidays so far surpasses anything previously experienced as to lead to the presumption tiiat under proper management the Victorian Railways may be made in creasingly reproductive. The excursionists who within the past few days have left the Geelong station are nearly double the num ber recorded last year. In tliis matter the infusion of a little extra liberality has alike benefitted the public and the revenue. It would be something surprising if the prevailing impression concerning the now auriferous character of the alluvial deposits near the Barwon should turn "out to be erroneous. And yet a discovery that was made a'few days ago encourages the belief that the development of a payable gold field in this neighborhood is by no means an improbability. A little boy picked up a Bpeck of gold about the size ot a pin's head among the gravel spread in front of the Police station at the Breakwater. The gravel was carted from St. Alban's some time since, and it is just possible that the speck is by no means a solitary one. Ic may be mentioned that the father of the boy retains the gold in his possession, and that the fact comes from a most reliable quarter. It is said-that the yield of wheat in this district will fall far short of what it was anticipated it would be, and a great deal of what has been obtained is discolored and of inferior quality. Never has there been such a year- for straw, the rains shortly before the harvest having caused it to grow very rapidly. Whether the news about the poorness of the crop is reliable cannot be distinctly affirmed, but flour is firm at £13, and millers do not care about selling at that price as there is an up ward tendency, and from 5s 3d to 5s 4d is now readily offered for wheat whidh a few weeks ago would not fetch 5s. The last sale of articles, ex Sussex, so far as the company are concerned, was held by Messrs Ogilvie and Robinson on Tues day. There was a fair attendance, but the articles submitted for sale-old pullies, flacs, &c.-were; not of a character to in duce a brisk competition. It is expected the affairs of the company will be finally wound up in a day or two, and that the profit per share will be about £400. William James Wood, the son of a platelayer on the railway, residing near Leigh-road township, was admitted to the Hospital yesterday (Tuesday), sufferiug from injuries caused by a fall from a horse while searching for cattle on the previous evening. It appeared that the horse had stumbled and be fell in front, the result being that bis left collar-bone was frac tured, . Some disputes that 2rose recently in con nection with the Leigh Road races induced the stewards to submit certain knotty pointa to the best authorities ou these matters. It will be recollected that one of the events resulted in a dead heat between Roger and Matilda, and as both horses belonged to Mr Mitchell, the former horse was simply trotted round the course and subsequently declared the winner. Matilda was then entered for the Consolation Slakes, and against this proceeding the owner ot Tim, the second horse, protested, contending that a horse which had run a dead heat in a preyious event was debarred from takiog part in this race. The ruling, however, is in accordance with the opinion of the stewards, that under the circumstances Matilda was not disabled from running. In reply to other questions, the opinion has been given thata thorough bred can be entered and run as a hack, and that a poster being no advertisement, any horse that has won a race simply aunouueed by placard is still a maiden. In the last opinion, it may be stated that the stewards join issue with the authorities to whom the queries were submitted. The Easter holidays have passed off without bringing an influx of visitors to the watch-bouse. The only offender that ap peared before the Mayor yesterday (Tues day) was an old tinsmith, charged with being drunk and disorderly. The prisoner admitted having takejn a drop too much,' but was sceptical in reference to tljie other , charge until informed by the Mayor that a ] persou found lyiagon the broad of his back in the street channel and his legs on the footpath, however quiet he might be, was. always deemed to be disorderly. A- fine ot 10i was imposed and immediately paid. . We are informed that daring the ilaster holidays some coursing was indulged in al the Leigh, when several hares were killed This having come to the ears of the Accli mitisatioa Society, the parties who engaged in this unlawful sport, and who are kuown to the police, are to be summoned, when no {fee ptessriM fine wiU be ipjpwd, It will be remembered that the claim of Messrs Garratt and Anderson for attend ing an inquest on a fire at the Anakies was rejected as being excessive, although both gentlemen had to go so long a distance and were absent from town f»r a protracted period. Mr Andrson, it appears, put him self into communication with the Solicitor General, who, recognising the justice of the demand, has ordered its payment. Fishing in our creeks would appear to be very uncertain just now. On Friday and Saturday hardly a bream was caught at Bream Creek, but on Monday it is said that no fewer than one hundred and twenty were caught by two rods. At Spring Creek many dozens were landed on Friday and Saturday, but on Monday scarcely a bream was hauled out of the water, and this notwithstanding the seductive efforts of twenty anglers. At Swampy Creek ex cellent sport has been obtained throughout the holidays, but perhaps the best sport -of all has been securcd much nearer home. This has been at Buckley's Falls, about a couple of miles from town, where herring have been and are still very plentiful, and rise readily at the fly. The river Werribee has also been well patronised by anglers this Easter, and varied success has been met with. This latter remark will also apply to Tarram Creek, which has not, however, been troubled by many visitors. Corio Bay was again dotted with yachts, yesterday (Tuesday) the tiny crafts being crowded with visitors. Point Henry was the centre of attraction ; hut several boats, it is believed, paid a visit to the Clifton springs and Portarlington. W'th respect to the larger yachts of Melbourne and Geelong taking a cruise round the Bay, they may have done so", but they certaijly were not accompanied by the Haidee, as it was said they would be, as she has never left her moorings for some time past. There is some talk, in pedestrian circles, of trying to make a match between Mahoney and Pompey. Judging from the performances of the latter on Monday, when lie was never called upon to go his fastest, he will be able to make the cham pion amateur travel at bis best pace. The repairs to the Yarra street wharf I are nearly completed. The red gum used in the flooring ha-j come all the way from the Pyrenees. If the Cape Otway forest were opened up, equally suitable timber could be obtained within a very much shorten distance of Gielong. It would appear that Mr Hooper is not yet satisfied that the Prince of Wales can beat the Dhuleep Singh, notwithstanding that the Prince came in so far ahead at the Oonoewarre Regatta. In our advertising columns he challenges the owner of the Prince ofWale? to sail the race over again. The fire which burnt down Mr Miller's rope factory a week or two ago, will be more severely felt by the squatters than perhaps many of them imagine. They will, doubtless, say " What do we want with rope?". They will, howevtr, know what they have lost, when it is stated thai it was the intention of the proprietors of the fac tory to shortly commence the manufacture of woolpacks, which, owing to the factories at home not being able to complete orders, hare for many monthj been commanding so high a figure. Their mauufacture in this colony would have had a tendency to reduce their value, but, it is said, it may now be a long time before such an industry will be established. Over £240 was collected in the two Roman Catholic churches in Geelong on Sunday for the clergy maintenance fund. As showing how the grape crop suffered in some portions of this district from frost, blight, and perhaps the sparrows, it may be stated that Messrs Hope Brothers have nearly completed their vintage, and will make ouly from 14 to 15 hogsheads of wine where they expected to make from 80 to 100. It is notified that the prizes won at the Friendly Societies' fete, which are not claimed before 6 o'clock this evening, at Mr Steedman's, will be forfeited. . It is not generally known that those millionaires, the Rothschilds, are the owners of land in Geelong, the piece adjoining Mr Mann's blacksmith's shop, hear Slack's Hotel, being owned ty Messrs 2T. M. Rothschild and Sons. A very fair sample of broom has been made at Ararat from American broom corn grown by Jlr. Burgess at iCversley. The Advertiser judges that the corn used was far. stronger' and more durable than that usually . employed in making those coming from the States, and is informed that in all probability the manufacture of such brooms will be carried on to a great extent at Ararat. - ' The Age Uaras that the survey of the line of railway frotn Ballarat to Mary borough via Cresvrick and Ciunes will be commenced forthwith. Referring to the dejeuner at Ciunes, to which the Ministry have been invited, we may remark that this (Wednesday) after noon the lion, the Chief Secretary will pro ceed to Ballarat, staying for. the night at Craig's Hotel. It is probable that the other members of the Government will join Mr Duffy at Ballarat, and that they will in company leave the next morning for Ciunes, at which place a half holiday has been pro claimed by the mayor of the borough, in honour of the occasion. The proceedings will terminate at an hour to allow of the visitors returning to Ballarat in time to catch the evening train for Melbourne. Mr Matthew Burnett, the popular tem perance lecturer, was entertained at a fare well meeting in the Temperance Hall, Sandhurst, on Monday evening. Between 300 and 400 persons were present. A rather questionable Easter offering is thus mentioned by the Herald:-"Afine male iufant, about six weeks old, was found deserted in Lonsdale street at mid night on Monday. A man, who stated that he had come from Sandhurst, but gave no name or address, knocked nt the door of Tankard's Temperance Hotel about 12 o'clock, and stated that be heard a child cry behind tbe adjoining fence. Mr William Pearce, a sharebroker lodging in the hotel, went out and took charge of the little waif,, who was subsequently banded over to a lady who kindly clad it better than it was, and cared for it. It was brought up at the City Police-court, and remanded to the Indus trial School for seven days, pending in quiries by the police into its history. The little fellow created such an uproar in the court that the witnesses could not be heard until he was taken outside. The result of tbe system introduced by the hon. tjie Commissioner of Railways in connection with railway travelling during the Easter week haa already borne good fruits, the number of persons departing from the Spencer-street railway terminus during the last half of the past week and Monday being much larger than on any previous Easter time, aud the re ceipts have, of course, been augmented in proportion to the traffic. The fol lowing shows the number of persons leaving Spencer-sfreet on the days men tioned, viz.:-Thursday, passengers 3300, receipts £726 ; Friday, passengers 4600, receipts £720; Saturday, passengers 3200, receipts £000 ; Monday, passengers 3900, receipts £450; or a total of 15,000 pas =epgerf, end £2516 in the shape of re ceipts. On Thursday lust the cash received by the Railway Department amounted to £3300. Though every effort is being put forth by the residents about the Rifle Bults, Ballarat East, to discover some traces of the un happy lunatic known to be wandering about the bush in a state of semi nudity, no j tidings have been received of his where abouts up to the hour of our (Ballarat Post) going to press. The Easter Fair in Sandhurst com menced on Monday under the Inppiest auspices. At noon, according to the Ad vertiser, the pamp Reserve and Pall Mall presented a gay appearance, the crowds, which increased considerably during tbe afternoon,, being at that time very great. A greater success could not have been desired. The' money taken at the gates amounted to over £600. The whole tak ings of the day reached to the magnificent 8um of £2002 Is lOd, Sub-inspector Secretan, of the detective police torce, met with an accident in which several of his family were involved on Jdoflday. I'll? Argua explains thtf he was driving a "waggonette containing his wife, little girl, a servant girl, and a youth of 15, named Edward Brennan, and when the vehicle was opposite the Morgue, on the Melbourne side of Prince's-bridge, at about half-past 4 in the afternoon, a dis arrangement of the harness caused the horse to bolt. The waggonette was over turned, and the party were all injured more or less. No one was hurt seriously, however, except the little girl, Emily Secretan, who appeared to have fallen on her head and sustained fracture of the base of the skull. She was taken to the hospital, where she lies in a very dangerous condition. The Castlemaine correspondent of the Ballarat Post writes to that paper:-" The danger of not allowing fuze sufficient time to ignite properly was exemplified during the week. A young man wished to split a large log, and for this purpose put in two shots, and having ignited the fuze retired to a short distance. One went off right enough, but the other missing fire the foolish fellow incautiously went up to the bore, and while examining it the blast went off full in his face, nearly blowing his head off; at any rate so disfiguring him as to render him a spectacle for life." Usually speaking, remarks the Hampden Guardian, the dingo prowls about by him self, and is easily scared either by a man or a beast, but the following story tends to the belief that they are not always such solitary animals as has been believed. One eight last week Mr P. Morison, returning from Camperdown to his farm in Carpendeit, had nearly reached \iotne, and was passing through Mr Anson's land, when he noticed that he was followed by a pack of native dogs, which gradually came close to his horse, and though he wa3 going at a smart pace, kept close up to him until he reached the neighborhood of some settlement. The time of night was between 10 and 11 o'clock, and there was a good moonlight, though sometimes a little, cloudy. Mr Morison states that the dogs must have numbered not less than thirty-five, and were at times so close to his horse that he could almost touch them 'with his riding whip, and that several amongst them were ( large powerful animals. This somewhat unusual sort of a hunt so excited and un uerved Morison, that he shouted out at the top of his voice as he rode along, and his cries had the effect of arousing one Lynch, a selector, whose hut was not far distant. The dogs were ultimately put to flight, and have not been seen again in such large numbers. It is not unreasonable to sup pose .that the late heavy fires raging in the / heart of the forest have driven the dogs closer to the settlements. «.-.«£» According to the Southern Argus a few days since a farmer^ residing near Strath albyn heard a noise in his cellar, and sent one of his sons to find out the origin of it. As he did not return he sent one after him, who also delayed, and on going himself to ascertain the cause of the disiuibuicr he found his . two sons so con vulsed with laughter that they could hardly move. The cause was as fol lows: About a dozen pigs had managed to pain access to the cellar, and after routing about for some time, succeeded in ixtracting the bung from a thirty-gallon cask of wine, and immediately took ad vantage of the opportunity aud got on the spree, perpetrating a somewhat absurd bur lesque on their biped superiors, who are sometimes in the habit of making " ho<»s " of themselves. ° During a tour made by the Anglican B shop of Goulburn the following incident occurred. We quote from the Goulburn Herald :-" In the afternoon, at three p.m., a remarkable spectacle was witnessed in the immediate neighbourhood of Comerang The Bishop, assisted by the llev. J. G. Love, administered the sacrament of bap tism to two adults, a brother aud a sifter, in the Tuross Hiver. For some years the subject of their baptism bad been under consideration, by the successive clergy of the district. Being sa-i-fiod, th=v were qualified candidates, the Bishop consented to respect their scruples and to baptize them by immersion. A congregation being assembled on the margin of the Tuross River, the service for the ."public baptism of such as are of riper yea^3,, was read by Mr Love and the Bishop, riiey then bo:h -entered the river to a sufficient depth, leading the male adult bv the band; and while the Bishop pronounced the words, "I baptize thee iu the name of (he Father, and of the.Son, and Of the Holy Ghost," they completely immersed bim in the water. Having raised him; and received him into the congregation of Christ a flock," they pursued a similar course with the sister. Standing on either, side, and firmly holding the. aduIt by the hand, they dipped the catechumen entirely in the water in accordance with the alternative in tbe rubric of the service for adult baptism "au^ shall dip him in the water, or, &c.; It was a scene never to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spectators were somewhat surprised to see the Bishop walking steadily into deep water, and bein" himself considerably immersed. Tbe noveltv and solemnity ol the occurrence left a deep impression, and the baptised persons were much affected." Great exertions are being made to raise subscriptions for tbe erection of a vested the°f )/" -the Anakies> and among others the following amounts have been received KU £3 rrPr:ttThe ,Hoq- Phiil'p T"L n ; -the Jam« Henty and John Cummmg, £-2 2s each ; Messrs Hop kin., Levten, anu Cunningham, M;L,A.'s »1 Is each. ' ' I necrete7 of the Hospital desires thankfully to acknowledge from Mr Geo B. Silvester the receipt of a sum of £14 j being two-thirds of the proceeds of a con cert given at Morrisons in aid of the funds of the Geelong and . Ballarat Hospitals . also the sum of £7 l°s received froL Mr John hraith, road contractor, beino- a Mortiake. ^ his workmen at TnifnB'^Sa-es of ®.a=ar are to be held by Mr John Davison this day. The first will be assorted sugars. caretully 