THTE PLAKBUK IN SXDKEr. * Cable ftittotaet' — as we hear from Port Darwin ; ai, «&dertfcc;£e«trcaiBStaneK; a: it appears that Homer saawfoses sjk(«, periops TooTi puitaa to my Mas* a finr then raps. lay 'muse,' because, although I don't quite aspire tothe£stinct»a daimed by his poetic lordship, I do say things sometatts which are not very far removed tram poetej, ** people coali only understand them. Huwm, the fact of the mrtter fa that I have not been asleep at all— sot a wink en me ; and although my * budget may be-a tittle in arraar, it is no fault of mine, bat arises from ' the exigencies of the public service.' That is a phrase which I hare been studying in coaseqaenoe of the probability, as I hear, of my ?biaming an appointment as ' Premier Attache to the legation'' from his Smutty Majesty the Sovereign Chief of the Salomon Islands. In the meantime, tb« mail havinir arrived, yon and your readers have had plenty of topics to discuss, without anything that I might add. I perceive that you are inclined to give a miia .belief to the story about Dr. Livingstone's dis covery, and bis intention to go on travelling again for an almost indefinite period, like that champion pedes trian the Wandering Jew. I trill merely say that my own opinion more nearly coincides with what appears to be that of the writer of the following little bit of chaff, which I find in an excellent London weekly paper : Br. Livingstone may now be looked for at any moment. He has at last been beard of safe and wt!l, bent on exploring some subterranean territory. Doubileu, be will find an underground route borne, and mil turn up shortly from eome nndisoorered svenoe of buried London, having si [red the miseries of tbe Channel passage, the dissp;o.ir anee of Eossia& and other foreign visitors, and n host of other myueries that naturally pass away with authentic information from the world below. The foreeastsabont ™ A Coming Eaoe,' so curiously giren in a recent work with that title, will all be verified. The under ground African explorer will be sure to know all about ' Vrfl.' the extraordinary electrical powers, and other peculi arities of tbe nation below ground. We take for granted that Dr. Livingstone has found the subterranean passage and vil lage to be but the entrance to an immense hidden country, having unqnestionably other outlets. Though the area might be twice that of the African Continent, we may be sure Iiiringstone woula not oome to the surface till be had tra versed the whole land. There are narrow-minded people who say, wbent&e; doctor eets home he must be kept home. It win neverdotolet him go again, and give a large-hearted nation all the anxiety and worry we have had about him. But, depend upon it. If be brings back an incomplete survey of the ' basement' of Africa, and throws out a conjecture about a passage thitway to Australia, fifty volunteers will Imme diately come forward to continue the exploration. It is not in man to be reconciled with knowing about one world only, and certainly theremnst not be a part of that nnsurveyed. Well, now, that'6 not eo bad ; anil if the worthy Doctor, in the course of his underground explorations, should have to investigate or penetrate a bore more difficult to get to the bottom of than he and his pro ceedings have been for some time past, he will have materially added to the interest of his expedition. Perhaps he and M. Du ChaUlu may return together, bringing with them some choice specimens of the civilised and converted Gorilla, and of the diminutive denizens of the ' Dwarf Country' of Central Africa. Travellers see strange things, and, by'r lady, they and their biographers and reporters spin strange yarns too, occasionally— only occasionally. I see, amongst the rest of tbe news, that General Clueubet, who, before he became a leader in the lntc in surrections in Paris, was a great Fenian commander, has written to* Fraser's Magazine, giving the results of his experiences of the Fenian Invasion of Ireland, and exposing so freely the madness and imbecility of that movement, that a London paper sarcastically sug gests to the Government to issue a free pardon to Clusubet, on account of his having turned Queen's evidence. But here is a nice summary of disasters in tie world, which I think may be well distinguished by the designation of mullum inparvo : Within a month our peaceful earth his been visited with no less man eight awful calamities, each appalling— one, as re ported from the coast of Labrador and Newfoundland, ex ceeding the others in .'he loss of life and the tragical horrors of tbe situation. On a,'1'' 3, Antioch was destroyed by, earthquake, with the loss Pf 100° '''es. On April 24 fne eruption of Mount Ve3m'.:u3Jcreated frreat conster IWSon, distress, iuid loss of life. On _vPriI ls- Zinribarwas ?— rrlauic that destro\'.ed the shipping devastated by a u- ^ on yay i . and jn and town. Madras was siL; !rly visiu ... time day a both cases with serious loss . f life. On tu.. Madras fearfnl rain and wind brought ruin to Vellore in the — Presidency, and, five tanks bursting, about 1000 persons \iere , drowned. A similar flood in Italy, near Ferrara, has des- j troyed 700 lives and rendered thousands homeless. Hamadu, ' a town in Japan, has been destroyed by an earthquake, with loss of 500 lives. And now we have details of a fleet engaged upon a teal expedition caught in a hurricane in the midst of icebergs and destroyed. Of 4000 brave sailors, according to the account, only 175 escaped to tell the tale. Tue names of all tbe vessels and numbers ot their crews are given. Heavy seas lifted the vessels against the Icebergs and splintered them to pieces. One vessel, we are told, was flung against an iceberg and fell back upon a brig, the Twin Sisters, which burst in two. I don't exactly pretend that a] I these calamities, or any $f them, .had any connection with Clusitbet and his invasion, for he didn't even succeed in setting fire to the Liffey or the Shannon ; bnt I shouldn't -wonder if he and his followers had been quite prepared to accept and proclaim all these things as signs and warnings of the coming collapse of Great Britain, before the terrors of the Fenian irruption. However, that piece of humbug is pretty well worn out, and my oira belief '- that tbe remaining prisoners might as well v ' '' at once. By-the-bye, how savp- ' -* released Bkedaddlers must have l-- --° the transatlantic the British P~ -*'1 when thc? saw ana hoara _ienadiers at Boston ! Where is that dreadfully profane story told of a Frenchman who, in the pangs of death, and, with a doctor on one side and a clergyman on the other, waB exhorted by both, one desiring him to attend to his prescriptions, and the other to think of his immortal state ; whereupon the sufferer, in articido mortis, turned from one to the other with a grim smile, and at last gasped out that he was departing this life as happily as the Saviour of Mankind. Shocked at such an irreverent expression at snch a time, and knowing the previously sinful life of the man, the clergyman demanded his meaning, to which, with a convulsive effort at a, laugh, he replied : ' I am dying between two thieves,' and then gave up the ghost ? I forget where the story is told, and who were the parties, and of course I draw no analogies ; for who can tell what may have been the thoughts of the dying woman over whom the priest and the doctor had a battle at Coogee the other day i Her medical and religions attendants were no doubt animated by the warmest zeal in her behalf, and the poor woman probably appreciated it at its proper value. One of the combatants says that, in the struggle for the mastership of the situation, both of them fell upon the bed, and over the legs of the dying or dead woman, and the other states that, having grappled with each other, both of the contending parties 'went spinning or waltzing out of the room.' It was the Dance of Death, and mast have greatly cheered the dying momenta of the patient ! However, the case may perhaps be again before the Courts, and of course I hare nothing more to say about the matter at present, for I don't knoiv who was most to blame Perhaps, as usual, nobody. ' It was the cat.' The impudent yonng rascal Buchanan, who forged the stojy of his being a robbed and nearly murdered indivi dual on bis way to Pyrmoht, ought to be flogged. There is no law to authorise this punishment for the par ticular crime of which this young scamp has been guilty, but I find the following in a late report of the proceedings of the House of Commons : Mr. Halites moved the second reading of tile Defamation el Private Character Bill, which adds hard labour to the punish ment for libel, and empowers the judges to inflict the punish ment of flogging on persons found euiliy ol making odiom liargej, or imputing unchastity to women with a view to ex tort money. The second reading of the bill was passed, although some members objected to the flogcjng clause. That is the very clause that I admire, although I do not, per sonally, admire the system, having a vivid recollection of being ' horsed' a few— only a few— years ago, in the neighbourhood of London. Bnt this young scoundrel Arthur Buchanan, with his plausible Btory and innocent face, is a dangerous character, which I never was, and I agree with a friend of mine that he is very likely on the path which led Master Lester to the gaBom. Bnt why should the Herald try to throw the odium of this false report upon you and your paper, as it has done, The remarks on that subject bear that anpearanot, and anybody reading them would suppose that some of your reporters, or yourself, had concocted the whole story. As if newspapers had never been imposed upon before ! I win not in thii respect refer to tbe Herald which, I observe, from one of its recent leading articles, imposes upon itself a reserve far mom severe than any thing of the kind that is* exacted from the London ISnws, bnt we all remember the case of the 'Tatar' who presented himself at Constantinople, announcing the fall of Sebastopol, and so set all the newspapers in the ' oifld writing, and most of the cities alight wit0 3minations, when, in fact, as Jade Bobinson remarked of himself, Sebastopol ' had not seen dead at all.' A very fine example of humanity is exhibited jn the ease of a Mr. Ferguson, an Irish gentleman, who leaped oat of a railway carriage, fell doim a declivity, and ns very much hurt. According t« the reports in the English papers, he recovered himself, and, after scramb ling over numerous difficulties, suceeded in (jetting into the neighbourhood of what he, poor devil, probably -sup posed to be civilisation. Here is a passage from the report which I find in the Home Ketcs : — He found himself in a lonely part of the country, tie night pitch dark, and rain descending in torrents. After lying la j the water for sometime, .he got out, and attempted to scramble ! np the banks, bnt several times failed from lo*a of Mood and \ general weakness. Ultimately he snooeeded, and groped his ' way across a field to a farmhouse, where he begged tor s glass ' of water 'for God's sake.' The untimely hour, and the suspicious circumstanoes apparently surrounding theappli cation, led the inmates to refuse all. assistance. He then crawled away to a neighbouring farm, and ronsed an old woman. She, too, declined to help him, but directed Dim to Kewbold, where lie had the good fortune to meet with a police-constable named Enoch, who procured him some refreshment, and conveyed him in a cart to Bngby. Battered and bleeding, drenched to the skin with water from the brook, and rain from tbe skies, and without hat, he presented a pitiful spectacle. Mrs. Bird, landlady of the Windmill Inn, at once had a warm bed prepared and removed Mr. Ferguson to it, while messengers were despatched for medical advice. Mr. Swiveller, and other jocular personages, would probably make some reference to the memorable case of another unfortunate Mr. Ferguson, who, wherever he called, was politely informed that he could not lodge there ; but I quote this case as one which, amidst bril liant exceptions, illustrates the actual fact of ' man's inhumanity to man.' The Samaritans are not very plentiful, in our days. The visit of Mr. Parkes to Bathnrst and Orange seems to have set the local literati upon their mettle to produce someting worthy of the occasion, and the dinner, which I hope was a good one, was no donbt such as to do honour to the guest. But according to a writer in one of the Bathurst papers, the preliminary business appears to have been a sorry job. I don't quite believe ;n yonr rather poetic and allegorical idea of a carriage like on old vegetable cart having been sent to convey the distinguished visitor from Macquarie Plains to Bathurst, because, in an ancient city like that, at least a furniture-van would have been procurable, and that is a sort of conveyance which has the merit of running on springrs. Bnt, on reference to the local paper, I see that the State Coach and its accompaniments were more remarkable than elegant. Allow me to quote the really graphic descrip tion : ' It was a plain trap, perhaps undergoing or just having received some jobbing repairs at the establish ment, but the horses would have disgraced a circus pro cession. They might have been fair light draught horses, if cleaned and trimmed up, bnt the mud of ages was on their unkempt manes, bellies, and legs.' The mud of ages ! Why they may have been a pair of the very horses that drew Queen Boodicea in her war chariot in the old country only some few ages ago ! ' The harness,' it is said, ' pros entirely innocent of varnish, and the steel-work uncontaminatcd by any brickdnst or oil. The driver had evidently been sum moned from his usual labours in the stable-yard, and was neither dirtier nor cleaner than ostlers generally are.' Really this reminds one of the carriages that graced the matrimonial festivities of Mr. Buggins : 1 There was Mister Hook'em Bnivey's Seat turn-out— his cart and nag— And so forth. No wonder that the gentleman con nected with the Batturst financial world, falling in with this queer procession on the road, t jok fright and bolted, without further ceremony; and this may be accounted for by the simple facts of the case as it pre gented itself, without accenting your censorious conjec ture that the capitalist hiui any fear of the iliuscriu'! visitor sending round the hat. I share the indignation of the writer in the Bathurst paper. It is no uncom mon thing for enthusiastic people to take the horses out of the carriage of a popular public man, and draw it themselves ; and I don't see why, in the emergency, a respectable wheelbarrow could not have been sent, under the guidance of Bome known patriotic citizen, to the railway station for the Premier. I suppose we have all heard tbe last of the Telegrams Monopoly Bm) nnd perhaps of the Java cable also — or i least that particular ene by meanB of which the ! monopolists contemplated the transaction ?£ Bo very fine a stroke of bnsiness. I sincerely hope, however, that something may be done to utilise the South Aus tralian overland wire, for the enterprise of the people of that colony merits reward. But if a person who pub lishes a telegram from another paper, duly acknowledg ing it, were to be adjudged a misdemeanant, what would that man deserve who pnblished another man's face, or what he chose to represent as such, the alleged Dortrait beinc at the same time a gross libel and caricature ? TVe know that Punch does these thingB, but in that case they are always received as a joke ; and I don't suppose that the highest person ages in the State ever objected to them; bnt it is a different case when a fellow findB his effigy stuck up for public wonderment in a serious periodical, with no more resemblance to him than I to Hecuba. I was led into this by a notice in the Cumberland Times, following a report of the meet ing at Parramatta for the purpose of presenting a testimonial to Dr. Woolls. I quote from that paper as follows : ' While the committee were engaged in set tling some details of business much amusement ira caused by Dr. Woolls reading a series of verses of a highly humourous character which had been sent him having reference to a portrait of himself which appeared in the Sydney Mail, evidently from the pen of a fellow-sufferer whose honest face had been caricatured in that highly useful, but singularly unariistic journal The opening lines were exceedingly funny, but as the worthy doctor stipulated that our reporter should not take them down, he, poor man, hod to trust to his memory, which being somewhat leaky, all that he can now recall runs thus : — Released from w«k, retired from schools, 'Behold the effigy of W'ooUs : But vainly do I strive to trace The outlines of his honest faoe In this dull thing, with vacant stare, Nor life, nor sense, nor soul is there. Yet is tbe likeness not so dark Ab was their portraiture of Olark, Hard fate was bis, for any stranger Would think him Clark tbe late bushranger. Why should they thus place undtrban ? A decent scientific man ? And then poor Woolla, they treat as badly, Although /us ptviz was done hy Jiradtsy. Ko doubt he has been much to blame He scaled the dizzy heights of fame. And for his sins in thus transgressing, They draw liim '. lieally 'tis distressing ! Though he repent 'twill notavai). He's printed in the Sydney Mail! That is a fate, however, to which all distinguished men are liable, I suppose, and I shall perhaps have my own ' phiz' caricatured in the same artistic periodical some day. It is tin penalty «f greatness, I am aura 1 1 - recollect Tsiy well, many » time and oft, chalkingiout 1 1 the outlines of the Inn Duke's frontispiece, with an I ! enormous nose, really ' falling off hit faoe,' ashasbeeB said in some late .art criticism. Bnt really you don't! expect to find snch ' crayons' as those in the Boyal Academy. Perhaps it would be convenient and instruc tive to those who read the Sydney Ha*L if these ' portraits' were accompanied by a statement—it might indeed be an affidavit— «s to whether they were meant in jest or in earnest. ' TJp with the bonnets of bonnie Dundee 1' I don't mean np with the bonnets foe Bonnie Dundee — the handsome, gallant, cruel Clarerhouse, who ma shot with a silver bullet at Killiecraniie (Gammon !) and afterwards teen sitting not tar from old Lucifer in the warm regions below, ' with his hand on his left spule blade, to bide the wound the silver bullet had made.' (Walker !) I mean the bonnie ' Maids of Dundee,' if sack they are, who seem to have been for some time past throwing np theie bonnets in real earnest, in the interests of Freedom, Sisterhood, and Perfect y . They insist upon wearing what they please, upon cer tain hours for recreation, and, above all, upon the abo lition of that base badge of servitude ' the flag,' by which I presume that they moan the apron. After this, I shall expect to hear of their Bight Beverenees the Bishops getting up an agitation for the abolition of theie flags, for what the deuce they wear them for I neveryet could understand. The Dun dee maidens seem to have established a formidable club, as a means of carrying out their designs, and the Lon don Observer thinks that, before long, tbe best, if not the only chance of securing a 'domestic' will be to allow her to wear the costume of a mediraral page, in a stage burlesque. I don't see any great objection to this, provided that she has tolerably presentable legs, though ; in that case it is probable that the number of ' fol. - lowers' would be very considerably increased. But, : while I have vivid memories of what the fine old English servant-maid used to be, as I have also of the fine old English gentleman and the fine old English rector — animals now almost extinct, or at least obsolete— I don't think that people in England would be bo churlish over the demands of the Maids of Dundee, if they had any correct knowledge of the ' servant-gallism' of Australia. This is, however, pre- eminently the age for the discussion of women's rights and women's wrongs ; and the foolish creatures themselves, who don't know when they are well off, are encouraged in their insanity by a set of drivelHng old humbugs who wear trousers, or breeches, with no right ful claim to the distinction which those garments are supposed to imply. I should like to hear what ' Great Cloud,' or ' Howling Wind,' or other wise chiefs of the Qjibbeways or the Narraghansets would have to say to snch pretensions ! At the meetings of these in fatnated females, some of the old fogeys who attend and patronise them, should read aloud the lesson which Shakspere puts in the month of the once saucy KATHEErNE, after she has been duly tamed by her lord Pbtbuohio. 