. RI'ICOLLECTIQNS OF J. B. FLANU1IE. Tlio Into J. B.- l'lnnchd, tlio celebrated Tlieatrieul Miiimgor. waa of a French refugee family, expatriated by the rovocation-oLtbo. Edict' of- Nantes ;_lIis_Jlitbor_ found " om- .Hloyiiicnt"-iiitlio-liouae ol'-A'ulliiiinyniid- Co., watcliniakcrs to George III.,. "who took a great limey to my- father, and often chatted with him in the niost fiiniiliiir. lmmiioi-. Ouo day, going to 'St. James' with the Kingjs wutch, whieli hud been mended, ho remarked to tho page that tho l-ibnnd woo rather dlrlv. The King heard him, and coming to IU IIIU IIUUI, Clllll IK lilU OU<U|f) Ultiv,it n nj , which whs peculiar lo him, 4 What's' that -Planchc AYhnt's that ?' My, father re peated his observation, and suggested a new riband. 'Hew riband,.' Planchc I. AVbat lor? Caii!fc it bo washed? .Cant it bo washed-?— Thia-story would havo bceu a wiudtall to Peter Pindar. _ On tlio mother's, side Mr. Planchc bad ft Prussian great-grandfather, who, ho 1ms "ft misty notion," was tutor or German master to Charles, fourth Duke of .Rutland. Eo this as'it may, the beautiful Duchess Isabella was.ino5t"lrind"To his mother, and lie remem bers riding round her drawiug-rooiir ou tho- Buko'a gold-headed cane. "I meutiou this circumstance because at that pcriod bis Grace oflercd my mother nn ensign's com mission -for mo, I being four j'ears -old." This is tho recollection; now for the re jection: — '. 44 Had she ncceptod it, I might bavc'Juil my rogimcnt at Wiitdrfoo. and bcon-now, perhaps, n mujor-geuerul-and a G.C.B., with one eyo, and a -wooden-leg, supposing always that I had not been Mcft alonu in my glory/ Hku Sir -John .Moore on tho rnmpartR' of Peruana. jpr prudciitlv retired imoti 'haf>-pny"a8 soon n's rimd urrivud at.yenrs uf dlB- ciotion. Perhaps, this latter alteruaiiva did not occur to her. Oh happy days of ..England, whrn babies were really .born with gold spouns in their mouths, and could bu mndu culunols of rcimunts, commissioners of Exciaa, or masters of the Mint iu their cradles, aud without competitive examina tion !" It is nn;e8tabli8bcd fact that the daughter of a high Jj-isb ofRcial once- held, a commis-_ sion in a cavalry regiment till she was en abled to sell out to to advantage ; and Mr. Plancbe relates nn analogous abuso of patronage in tho Civil Service : — 44 Tho lady of a Cubinet Minister (I purposely suppress names) bad promised to stand god mother to the infant, and calling on; bis parents a day or two previous to the ceremony; expressed her regret that Lord — — had nothing: left at his disposal of any importance, uml tlmt the only thing. he could do for her godson wqb to put his, nnme on thu'p'eDslo'rrlist'asd supcrannuuted post, man. The otter was accepted.' The pension wns regularly paid to tho, parents duriug the minority of their son, nnd to him afterwards as long as ho lived. He thrived in the world) became no alderman of Chichester, and attained a consider able ug<>, often declaring that he had more plea sure in pocketing the few pounds , ho drew half- yearly from this source than he derived from tho r ccipt ofauv cither portion of his, income. . . . His descendant is now a baronet arid a member of Parliament, nnd 1 had the story from his father "afhis own dinner-table. " - Mr. Plauchc's account of his education proves him to have- been a self-mado man. 44 It was fw perfected at a boarding school, where I was untaught tbo French I spoke -lluontly-as-a-cbild— and-mado-toresembl6" Shakospearo in the solitary particular of knowing little Latin and loss Greek." '..His. father wisely determined that lie-should Lave a trado or profession at bis back . \ " He had made hiinBolf a watchmaker, but hu comdu't make me one. Ultimately I declared for She pcucil, nnd was sent to study geometry and icifpectivo under a Mousdeur da Court, a French ;tuu--cupe painter of somu ubiliLy. lie died before cotdd discover tho qu.ulraluro of tlio circle, nnd !,is thuth was the vauUhing point of my Hue i t perspective. This disappointment brought on &'j attack of my old complaint of .scrib- blipp, and in the hopo of . oho day publishing my '>wu works' I suddenly determined to be a b'jbksiHer. To a booksellor accordingly I was articl d, aud during tlio few years 1 passed .with hii r.iy theatrical propensities began to 'develop tlijiiielvuB." „\Th».propricturs-of-a.leading"Dubliunew8paper' (slys the Graphic ) hare taken_ up and enlarged upon an idun put forth in oiir columns somo fuw weoki ago. In their opinion, " Tho q'uustion of thu'/iiy iu Ireland— the question on which tlio JiLtiiriLpriiipcrity_of-tho-oounny-n»ny-liingfFs-i3" i>i mo uiniMuiun 01 us hum supplies, inuy. bulievo tl.uc. " it is possible so to develop those as to fconver, Ireland from a fuul-importiug into a fuel- expo:tiug country, or at'auy rate to enable the Irish community to supply their own wants -without' mstoring lo Eoglund." I fully believe bo, too, J for the reasons stated in my previous reference to tho subject— the quantity and easy procurablity of coal in Ireland. But the Dublin newspHir proprietors go further. They are not' cnotcntiiy confine themselves to.thocoal supplies. They see their way to opVrating.on a largo scale in peat, and they have, with, au enterprise unusual to the sister island, sent a special com missioner tbroad at their own. proper charges " to report upoa the condition and woman of the con_ 'tluentnl put-fields." a Giios'mn a Coal Mine.— The tide of.pros perity in the coal trado has been disturbed At the Broughton Colliery, near Wrexlmm, by thenppcarr aucu of, a ghost in the. underground workings; which has hml the effect of frightening soine of the colliers from tho pit. None of the men pro fess .to haviug a sight of tho spirit who has tnln up his abode iu this " vaBty deep," but they Alt confess to huving heard . at - times the mhst uuearthly noises, and whon . they proceeiledlo search for the causo tho same noises are' heard in' quite an opposite direction. Tho fear that lias Unkrn hold of tho mon Is hucIi as to interfere con siderably with the working of the colliery, and it shows that colliers, like snilor6,-aro excessively Buperatiliousjm.thu.ghost questlou. A; Rack mot on tiik Card. — After Ptho raco on Thursday hrtwoen Flying Jib and Tory Boy (says tlio Oculral Australasian), a match was inado (privately) between Miin J— o, who wns riding .Dolly.' Vardan, and MisB H— r— n, who wus "jfrncefitlly mounted nn Tommy Dodd. The ruee was totnke place after the coarser bipeds hud left liio course, (tlio distance to bo hulf a mile, for two. new silk bonnets and a box of- Windsor' soap. Abuut five favored gentiomon ware admitted Into the secret, Mr. F—o boinu nppointetl judge, and umpire. After lucking up their riding habit und tying thuir cockleshell ImtH mure securely, thoy both started at tlio fall of Sam's billycock ou equal Sbrtiis. Tliu sight, says our youthful reporter, was ellcious. — -l-!m-horseH-were-fliiorting-alongntir furious pace with horizontal tails— Tho chigmoiH flow into hpjce like John Gilpin's wig, the hubiU flew any how ; thp oxoitoment at the fiuitdi wuh Intonao, both pawing the prut nono and noau. After a little thouglit— a diiTivnlt process under tho circumstances, as both thn fair creatures claimed tho victory— the jodgo'decided it was a dead boat, and must bo ruu over nguin. To tlds tho damsel who piloted Tommy l)odd strongly objooted, saying, 44 1 noarly bad ono buster for a box of soup, and I ain't going to rink another." The alfulr oudod uutlafuctorily . Phases of iNTuxtOATiON.— Another lias been added to the defined varlotioa or tnebrly by au observant policemftn at Jfottinghnm. H|»ving in lintul a noisy bridegroom, whom ho tad boon obliged lo nrrcBt for vlolqtico_t.ii lijs brblo on tlio "moniin of their nmrrinqe, bo_woul(l_ iio| coimiiit blraaolf to tlio- BiaiuffiSIElbal JliOeroiiluiit.vvas, "drifiikl n N«," bo said, " lio wora't drunk." "Was lie sober?" " Corl'uly not; lib 1 wqtn't sober, not by no means." 44 What, tlieti, wuWifh condition?" "Well, bo was miwd."-4Awulher inebriate, fother northward, wiia described by ftnolher."policeninu aa hnving bcon _4( howling riruuk " It seems that this ingenious artist— a 44 respectable" tradesman— had n pleasing way when intoxicated of prowling nbuut.autLmaking. night hideous with every kind uf unonrl|>)y noise. Ho had been fincd'ovcr and over ngjiin. to no purpose. lie . now undertook, on a throat of iinprt8onment- under the new Aot, to become 44 a tro to tailor for tho rest of his naturnl| life— ho might perhaps moro fittingly havo sqld 4 un natural' — lifo;" Aod.was oocu moro let off on paymont of lis. Cd. Tho 'St. Louis Republican soys A man named Henry Nouley went down unwell, on a recent Saturday night, at Bissull Point, for the purnoso uf recovering n lint' which had been ldroppeiUn. In n short time ho pave i\ aignnl uf dirlruRH, which told thoso abovo him that- he .w»r befug overcumo with the foul air. There, wns .but little timo for .deliberation. A_ropo wns hnHlily procured by tho bystanders, one end .of ivhlch was formed into u noose and lot down to thesiifferor. After angling a moment tho man in tho. well gavo the rdpo a little Jerk, aud th6_men at__the otherend..co«P. monccd pulling it up. : When' about halfwa/ out they discovered that tho nooso had fallen over tho mau'r head, und that he >yas dangling by tlio neck. Horrified at the discovery, they wisely concluded that death by ; strangulation was no worse than death by suffocation, nod ao 'rhoy con tinued to pull away until they landed Koeley on terra- firma. in nn uucoDRcious .at «te.' By the application of proper— reBtorativea.ho-wat resUBol-- tnted, and Is now, doing, well. .; Tr a v filers' lalos are not always to hojdopendcd upon, add so ihuruforo. (a«yt» tho-5iei6t .Times), this travcllcr'a tale, as related in UppVr Alancc. must be taken for whnfc It is worth. II? Rays " In journeying from Pfirt to Basle Ijsaw, at a distance of about two hundred paces from me, a large dog leave tho road and outer the brushwood. Tho dog belonging to my companion, a native of Alsace, wasahout to follow tlio Mrangcdog,Jmt_ WrtsrecnlleUby"hls inanter. 4 No,, ho. yoh muat leave him alone; he U on duty; |t dees not do to interrupt business/ I looked to him for nn explanation of tho mystery convoyed io his words, He then told mo that doga were trained to bring smugglod goods, such as watches, See., from Switzerland into Alsace, by means of a kind of saddlo, fastened to /be back. The mannor of training the dogs was this The dog is well fod ac nome, nnu (lien niter a. wane leu .icross .me border t> the village where he is to receive his load. Ho is shut. up for tionie dnyB'wi hout fouil, nnd, moreover, bunti?n by a man drcMiul in the uniform of a custnmdioutio official. 'M sunn as tho dug is set nt liberty hu uaturnllv starts for homu at a double quick pace. On tluJ vny— ilmt is, ou the high road, which ho is ty sum to take— people are; fltalioned with whiiv, or guna, loaded with pens, wliich are fired at hfu/uutU ho learns to'tako refugu from all strnugd nun In thu bruuhwood. Two or three such lessdhi nro auffi- cient to make, the sagacious aniiual cimprehend what is required of him, nnd hu then btcomus the best contrabandist going. Six dogd can thus support their master/' 1 Shout OouaT6itii,l or Married in Haste.— A rnnrringe war recently -celebrated inOlevuland, 0., under somewhat novel' circumata ices. The Clovelaud . Herald vouchee for the !trti(h of the. .8tory_thati-onu-day-l«at-wcek— Q-ypun2wnmair entered tho tailor's shop of a man namtid. Rhein- lieimcr, nnd asked fur work.. Tho proprietor then frreluvnnily askud her if sho would -like to be -married, und -shu "didn't mind/'i Mr. Uhuin heimer called to his man Frank, who agreed to wod tho young woman, and. in twenty minutes from thntHime, tho poor work girl found herself the blushing bride of a man wbom'lill thou sho had never seen.- " ' 