CONVERSION OF WHEAT INTO FLOUS. TO THE KDITOB. . - Sir — I think it is the duty of some person acquainted with the milling business to draw attention to a very popular error with regard to the production of flour per bushel of wheat, as given in the agricultural statistics lately published. Previous to this year the yield of flour has been put at one ton from 45 bushels wheat ; but I will venture to say there are few millers in South Australia who can make a ton of flour of good quality from less than from 47 to 50 bushels of' good wheat. This year, however, in consequence of the in ferior quality of the grain, 50 bushels is esti mated to produce one ton of flour for the total yield, whereas in many instances from 60 to 100 bushels are required; and it takes from 52 to 55 of wheat which passes as first-class to make a ton of flour. The conse quence is, that our available snrplns for export is great'y over-estimated, for I feel convinced, if you take good and bad, it will require from 57 to 60 bushels on the average ta make 2,000 lbs. flour ; so that, instead of having 31,000 tons to spare at the present time, we have, in fact, only about 25,000 tons at most, allowance being made for balance of old wheat and flour still on hand. Trusting public attention will be directed to this question, I am, Sir, &c;, COUNTRY MILLER. [This is a most important question, and we shall be glad to have it discussed. Our opinion is that our correspondent under- estimates the flour-yielding quality of our last wheat harvest, taken on the gross average; but we shall welcome communications from practical men on the subject. —Ed.] The Theatre Royal, it appears, is not to be closed long. Mr. Baylesa has leased it for a season, and will open with Mrs. Gladstane, as star, 'and an excellent company that have re cently been performing at the Princess's, Mel bourne. Some sensational and popular pieces have been selected for the -delectation of Adelaide playgoers, who will now have the op portunity of spending some enjoyable winter evenings. Two of our local firms, Bickf ord and So&b; and F. H. Faulding & Co., have com menced a new industry which is worth men tioning. It is- the manufacture of quinine wine, which is represented as a valuable tonic. Its virtues are fully set forth in our advertising columns, and we understand it is already in large demand. Of its medicinal qualities we can say nothing, but we can testify from personal experiment that the wine of Bickf ord & Sons is very agreeable in taste, being in fact a de cided improvement on ' sherry and bitters.' The usual monthly entertainment to the inmates of the Parkside Asylum was given on Wednesday evening, under the direction of Mr.. H. Francis Price. Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., presided, and opened the programme with a few appropriate remarks. After which & pianoforte selections were rendered by Mrs. H. F. Price, Miss - F. : Price, Miss Dove, Miss Meyers, and Mrs. Reinecke. Also the fol lowing songs: — 'Juanita' and 'Constance,'* by Mrs. H. F. Price ; 'A' Body's Married but Me,' Miss Jamieson; ' Widow Machree' and ' The Pilgrim Fathers,'! Mr. Dove ; ' Polling hard against the stream,' 'Simon, the Cel larer,' and ' She was a Spark,' Mr. Felstead ; 'The Sentinel^ Sweetheart' ana .«* Oh, gently breathe,' Mr. Reinecke; the duet, 'Hunting Tower,' Miss Jamieson and Mr. 'Dove. Mr. Duffieldtecitedithe V Ghost Player.;? and Mr. Price gave two readings in capital style, en tied ' A Sketich by Boz' and ' Old Grumper.' The frequent applause testified the auditors* high appreciation of the performances. 'A com plimentary vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman, who, in responding, spoke in 'high terms of the efforts put forth by the ladies and gentlemen who so often provided an evening's amusement for those less fortunate than, them ?elves. The National Anthem brought a-very sucoessful enijef tainment to. a -A-»e at a reason* able hour, '..?'-'? ?' ' 