Colonial Reminiscences. THE YOUNG BUSHRANGER. " ON business in tho country, with leave of absenco for a month." I was when this occurred second clerk to tho firm of Duthorpe aud Co., solicitors Sydney ; and tho business which was taking nie _ from home could not bo dono without a personal visit. Ita nature is of lítelo conse quence to this " ower true tale." Armidale was my destination, and a long wearisome ride was before ino. Bail communicati. n was then unknown, in fact in those days the solo means of transit was by tho mail, an open vehicle carrying a guard aud eight passengers. A fine morning in summer therefore beheld mo and six others boxed up in this unnatural conveyance. Where they were all bound for, Heaven knows ; for more than half tho journey was over ero the ice of commonplaceness was sufficiently broken to permit us to converse with freedom, of our plans and intentions. We had but ono Indy passenger, and for this, room being an object we were thankful. Had there been moro, the iournev would havo been doublv unnleasant : i ns the " sex" on thia occasion rendored herself highly dis agreeable and annoying. Yot things went on very quietly till a wayside inn, bearing the somewhat appropriate sign of "Tho Traveller's Best," was reached ! " We changes bosses here !" said Jehu, " any of you geuts as likes can dine. Old Booster allus has a good spread ready." Tho spread as it was termed Vas a long time coming, but at length it appeared. Tho entrance fee thoreto was two and-six, payable in advance. Hot-boiled, hot- roast, hot baked, anil stewed ; all steam ing hot. During tho ride I had made friends with a stout jolly looking individual, bound for , the Rocky Rivor. ^ " Como on," said he, drag ging mo to tho table as soon . as the fixin's had been put on. ; '.Paid, aintycr? Wei, don't J hesitate, but set to at once ; .; nover mind knife or fork. ï Ham, did you say, or chicken ! \ perhaps you'll try this roast, or a bit of thi sbaked veal ; j it looks good-." " " Coach is at the door," ; shouted the ostler poking in ; his head. ' "Right! all right!" said I with my mouth too full of ham, beef, and vegetables to articulate plainly. " Cut and come again," interrupted the fat gent, " dont be ashamed of it. I aint : pass the aauco ! Hoy, you waiter, bring me a bottle of sherry quick-." " Coach is waiting, sir !" said the waitor, entering with tho wine. " Couch ho-; don't you seo wove only just sn down. Who can eat in thia hurry, eh, waiter ; it's ai old game with your master, I know, but ho niusn't phil tricks on travellers." "Time's up, gents," interpose I Jehu, looking ir " Sorry to disturb you, but we're off." He had no sooner left tho room, followed by most o; tho unsatisfied fellows who had paid for a dinuor, than my friend turning to mo, said " Going to start, aiu't wo, at once ! Well, as I've been carving it's only fair I should get paid. See here I Collar that ham. Got no cloth ; shove it in your hat I'll tako this pork pic and tongue. Now, ready wc aro." So sayiug wo both rushed from tho room, and gained our places just as thc guard's horn gave thc signal for Rtarting; a moment moro and wo shoult have been too late. "What a " blow out*' we had to bo sure in that coach how wo enjoyed tho viands Prcvidenco had so bonn teously provided, us leisurely proceeding time wat afforded for mastication and digestion. Tbjs anecdote is recommended to travellers, no mattel fin what fine they travel. Tho art of being "even11 with landlords at wayside inns is surely worth learning, though it bo fron} a uew chum. This adventure put us »J1 jn a good humour, nnc conversation on various subjects waa introduced ; thc principal topics beiug horse-racing and sheep- breeding. Everybody had some " horsey'' auecdoto to relate, and tho talk grow " fast anil furious," till tho speakeis paused with right down fatigue. Night found us in a sotnowhat lonoly part, on a very bad and steop road, crawling along over Warlaud's Rango at snail's pace. Really it scorned as if wo wore going to have a break down, for tho wheels every now and then passed over logs and stumps. " Hullo ! Stop !" shouted a rough voice within a feypacçs of us. 'Bail up ! or we'll blow your brains out.' Per Majesty's Royal Mail suddenly came to a dead ebop, and by the çtragg/ing light of its lamps we per ceived two mon on horseback). They appeared well armed, and repeatedly pointed their pjstqjs nt' some of our numbnr, as if to enforce compliance with their peremptory orders. " Here !" said they " all you fellows got out at once, and march into tho bush. Hy tho mortial, if you dont, we'll soon lot daylight through you. Como, hand over the valuables." Sex, as represented by the unprotected female beforo referred to, was in "sterricks ;" convenient things, no doubt, when a person is forced to uso them. The lady was unmolested by tho robbers, that is to say, they did not order her out of thc coach after taking lier goods and chattels, a few rings, two sovereigns, and a locket, with "dear George's" hair in it, were all the plunder ob tained from ber ; tho rest of us had on our persons considerable sums, which fell into the hands of the bushrangers. jUlnarties having beon searched tho mail bags were cut opeó aiiä letters abstracted. Some of these were torn up, 'ítí á Vain endeavour to find cheques or money. All fleing nt length Bottled to 'tho satisfaction of the robbers, they gave us a volley of curses and departed. It was niy first " bailihg-úp,"' and is a reminiscence tthjit will not bo speedily forgotten. All my cash, as yell as a gold watch, a present from my 'employers, ?íyéro' "taken.1 On tho first appearance of tho bush rangers' I had *' planted my money in my boot," but tho vïlliauà we're far loo knowing fur me, and I was com jRolled to turn out my ttvamros or rncutvo a fow ouneos ot load.' Wliil" seorehiug mn however I had a full view of tue countenances of tho robbers, and felt certain of recognising them agniu if needed. Ouo was quite a youngman, beardless, und of light complexion; ho hud a 8omowhut cheerful countnuitnce, which contrasted strangely with bis mates snmbrn visage ; a visngn whose lineaments boro thu stump of crime. To tell tlio truth I felt greatly relieved when they .were gone, and so doubtless did thc rest of tho pas sengers. Preparations were insfcautly made for resuming tho journey, aud ero loug we_ wen; jogging along as if nothing had happened. Thiiling-up was so ordiuury an occurrence, that, everybody to«k tho matti r in good part, and tried to forget their losses. . Tho circumstanoes having been reported to the polico at Murrurundi, we had tho satisfaction of seeing them depart in search of the offenders ; ona of these t hoy captured, but the young nam, his mate, unluckily oscaped. I reached Armidale without further disaster ; trans acted my business, and sent particulars of my success to my employers. Quito a pleasant timo was that I spent in Now England, and I loft it with feelings of regret. I had just the same journey to take as before, but warned by past experienco, provided m j self with a pistol, determined to resist any marauder who might j dare contest tho right of way. No such event however happened, and the scone of ! our former mishap was passed in daylight. I wus tho ; only passenger in the coach, and to tho driver, a now per- 1 "THE TALL VAGABOND LOOKED ABOUT HIM WITH AN EXPRESSION OP FEAR WHICH SPOKE VOLUMES." I sonngo, I recounted full particulars of " my adventure." ¡ Ou reaching Sydney, I was alarmed to hear that tho firm of Duthorpe and Co. were in difficulties, and that they had been compelled to make reductions in their clerical staff. Biglie, their head clerk, had been dis charged, so what might not I expect. Two days after my return, Mr. Duthorpe called me into his private i room, and stated that the firm had no further need of my services. They couldn't help, you know, as matters looked so queer with them. What to try next, I hardly knew, for ns to personal or family influence I possessed little in Sydney. Really I didn't know which way to turn, and having nothing to do spent all my money. At last I mado up my mind ; I was a long while doing it, but eventually seeing no prospect of employ ment in Sydney, resolved to try tho country. Not thai, I am much shook after tho country, or that tho bush had superlative charms for me. Necessity has no law, and if ono place won't do, a fellow must try another. Again I had a long journey, and this time on foot. The Lachlan is fully 2GU miles off, and that was the first spot which offered any inducement for my stay. Mr. McKnight, a gentleman of the old school, possessing many good qualities and vices, became my , employer. Ho owned a station near Bland Plains. Having a young and somowbat numerous family, he desired to procuro a teacher for them, and although I had never filled a similar position he was so pleased with my addres's and qualifications, ns to engage me for tho business of tuition. Among those employed by Mr. M'Knighi was Tom Hogun, a stockmau. He was a young man, who had little to say, unless in- conucotiou with his favourite theme, " cattle-huutiug." He was evidently a privil eged individual, whose right " to dojns he.'pleased" wasnol disputed. Did tr-ç master require a boast brought in from the bush, if it was Tom's desire to perform the task, it was done at once ; if not, there was an end of it. "But," said Mr. M'Knight to me, on hearing a remark I made relative to such conduct, ?' the poor young fellow is like a child, wayward and self-willed. Wè never oppose him ; he's been with us now on and off ten years, and a hotter lad I never had till lately. Some time ago he wont homo to seo his friends, at the Nepean. They've a farm there : tho old npin rents it from me, and a very worthy fellow ho his too - quite a specimen of the honest-hearted Hibernian. Tom is their eldest son : ho's a native, and what's moro he's ? proud of it. 1 often chaff him about it, for ho has I largo notions, ' about his country' as ho calls this." j Thero was somthing in this young fellow i did not j like ; sometimes it seemed to me as though we'd met before ; where, I couldn't tell, yet the moro I thought of it tho clearer it appeared that his voice and face wero familiar. Often and often when I had retired for the night, past events aud circumstances would come up in memory ; events wheroin he might have figured ; aud still I was at fault. One evening after tho arrival of tho mail, I was sitting perusing au account of tho " sticking-up" of throe travellers by a bushranger's gang, and remarked | concerning the circumstance to Tom Hogan. Handing , him tho paper containing the excitiug paragraph, ho read it through, aud then said in a somewhat gleeful tone : " But they've' not taken tho bushrangers !" i Suddonly, tim information I so much desired, flashed upou mo¡ ayo, I understood it all well enough; Tom Hngau was tho yountr mau, companion of the robber, who hid .' stuck-up'' tho mail ott tho occasion of my journey to Armidale. But I kept my counsel, for fear of offending my kind employer, and his tnu- ooufident wife. Il could make little difference to me as to the character of outs in whom they reposed stielt trust. . Nows reached us daily of deeds dono by bushrangers, i of homesteads pillaged, traveller's robbed, nnd mails i detained. Proof, however, was wanting lo convict i Hogan of any connection with these outrages ; and my bare »vonI ia a court of justice would avail but little , against bim. Suspicion, however, would not bo lulled ' to rest, and I resolved to watch au individual so sus pected. .J believed that ho frequently loft the station to visit the outlaws ; and as these gentlemen had beeu seen in tho vicinity, it was highly probable ho might communicate with them. On ono occasion having risen somewhat earlier than usual, I perceived him coming homo, his horse jaded and covered with foam, as though it hail been ridden hard for some distance. "I've beeu cattle-hunting, new chum," said he, in [ reply to my inquiries, " and had to push my ' critter' ? for a couple of miles. Tho mob got clear off, but I'll run them in somo of these days. My oath ! it takes I us colonial's to ride, schoolmaster. j Station arangemcnts then wore very different to I what they generally are now. The house occupied by j Mr. M'Knight was large and roomy ; in fact it con tained ample accommodation under its roof for us all. ! Tom slept in what was called tho " verandah-room," and could enter or leave it just as he pleased. My apartment was well ventilated, and from the caro I bestowed on it, very comfortable. Adjoining it, with windows looking out on the plains, was a room used for holding lumber, and here'my employer kept his wine. On this article he set great store, so much so, that in order to have it perfectly cool in summer time, he had a cellar made beneath for its reception. Of this place he alone held tho key, and only on high days and holidays was it opened. I One night, about the time when ghosts are said to ' appear, I was roused from my _ slumber by hearing noises in this chamber, and, rising from bed, crept noiselessly to tho entrance, and applying my eye to the keyhole had a good look into the apartment, j On the tab'e a candle Was burning, and two men j seated near it conversing ; but as they spoke^ in whis ' pers, not a word could bo overheard. Ono thing, how ever, was certain, Tom Hogan was there. His mate was a tall, dark-looking fellow, whose dilapidated appearance and roguish expression betokened nothing very favourable. Presently, Tom produced the koy of the cellar, the lid was lifted, and I saw him descend evidently with the intention of stealing thc wine. Handing up a couple of bottles to his nfate, the fellow placed them in his j capacious coat pockets. A slight movement on my part, caused by nn unensy position, startled them, and the tall vagabond looked about him with an expression of alarm and fear, which spoke volumes. A moment more, and they took their departure : the window by which they had entered affording them easy egress. The light had been carefully extinguished the moment they were alarmed, the trap door of the collar locked, and all left, as before their visit. I returned to my bed, but not to sleep. All night long I lay awake thinking of the most favorable manner in which I might reveal the circumstances to my employer. Probably however he would not credit my unsubstantiated statement ; J so that Ï deemed it best to keep strict watch over tho much-trusted Hogan till opportunity should offer of bringing the guilt home to him. That the man seen in his company was one of the bushrangers, said to be lurking in our vicinity, I had not tho least doubt, still my' too-confident master would not have heard a'single disparaging word uttered against his favourito, My night watches took place regularly for a week, but l'psulted in nothing tangible. I observed no more nocturul visits, though I had little doubt that tho wine j was being abstracted from the cellar. I Ono morning soon afterwards I was much surprised to hear that Tom was leaving the station for good. Pro ceeding to tho front of the house, I saw him on horse back, hooted and spurred, and having a large swag strapped on the saddle. " I'm off," said he ; " good-bye, schoolmaster. S'pose you did'nt think I'd be going so sojn ?" " No, I really did not!" was my reply, "but where are you off to now?" "Oh, homo to my old people on the Nip-in ; they want me there tb look after tho farm. Besides, there's a gal in that quarter, as I've been sticking up to these years. My word ! a fine ' titter,' too, she is ; so you see we're going to be spliced right away." Touching tho noblo animal with tho spur, he went off like tho « iud, and, ere loug, was out of sight. "Too flash," said I, to myself, as I turned into the house for breakfast, "depend on it, that young chap is up to no good !" Tho day after his departure, Mr. M'Kuight, having sold a mob of cattle, left the station to go to Carcoar to receive tho money, intending, as ho said, to return in a few days. Tho night wo expected Mr. M'Knight's roturn, was dark and tempestuous, and ho did not make his appear ance. nlHiongh Mrs. M. and myself waitod up all night momentarily expecting him. Towards morning, above tlieso wild strange wind, voices there came e!e:irly defined tho sound as of two shots fired in rapid succession. I heard them plainly and waited to see if Mrs. M'Kuight would remark tho' circumstance. But as she did not, being unwilling to create unnecessary alarm, I said nothing, and waited anxiously for daybreak. The long niirht terminated, and after breakfast with some juvenile members of tho family, I went out a littlo way on the road to see if papa was visible Tho trial then prepared for us I shall never forset. [ There lying °n hi3 faes,jusfc'as ho had fallen among the brushwood near tho road, was the dead body of my murdered master, and grazing by his side his faithful steed. The body wo allowed to remain where it lay, un til the police were brought next day, and by them the 1 remains of tho faithful father and husband were brought to the station. It was clear he had boen murdered Î shot by bushrangers! ! It is perfectly needless to describe the feelings of that once happy family by this dreadful bereavement. I shall therefore pass over the funeral and other matters con. nected therewith, and relate events which, took placea .month afterwards. Mrs. M'Knight resolved to leave the station at once, and to remove to town. There was consequently no further need of my services as teacher. Bidding adieu to my kind mis tres3 and her amiable family, I set out for Sydney on horse back, and with a cheque for a respectable sum in my pocket, I reached Penrith safely. Stopping at Emu Plains for refreshment, I was astonished to heir myself hailed byname, and a moment after observed, coming from a public-house, my old companion, Tom Hogan. " You here ?" s«id I ; "why I thought you were up tts country with bushrangers !" " Bushrangers !"|he replied, "no fear ofthat, schoolmaster! I know nothing of them. Didn't you seo me leave tho station ! Well, what 'ud I bo doing about tho neighbour« hood after I'd gone away for good." " Then I 'spose you havn't heard of poor Mr. M'Knight'a death?" said I: "it waB a sad affair!" " Dead ! is ho really. By golly ! but I'm sorry, for ho was a right down good sort, and ' all the suit' to me. Hoff did it happen ? Tom listened attentively to the full particulars, and on the completion of my story, said come on; lets'have a nob bler for old acquaintance, and then I'll take you over to my old peoples' place; it's only a stone's throw from here? they'll be glad to see you, I know, though this shooting of Mr. M'Knight will vex poor i miner a gooa Dit. iou see, our ola man nows me tarn I from bini." Thinking I might possibly get some clue to the per petrators of Mr. M'Knight's mun er, for I felt con v meed from the first that Tom Hogan vms concerned in it either directly or indirectly, I consented togo witt him to his parents' place. i I found the old man a genuine specimen of the warm hearted Irishman ; he received mo with tho usual ruda hut hearty hospitality of the bush, and while wo were conversing about Mr. M'Knight's dreadful fate a loud knocking at the hut door caused the family to start from i their seats with surprise. j " Sure, and what is it?" demanded Hogan, as the i opening of the door revealed to him several constables . without. j " We've como," said they, " to arrest your son Tom, i He's charged with j # " Wid what, did ye say, sargent, he wor charged ? Ba I jabers, but me boy is as innercent as a babe unborn." I " Stop, Mr. Hogan," interrupted the first speaker. I "We arrest your son for the murder of Mr. ! M'Knight !" " Mr.-Mac-Knight-" ho gasped ; " mo Tom-to do the likes ov that ! Nivir ! nivir ! Who shall say he did ? Oh, wirrusthrue ! Whatdoes it all mane ? But you're not guilty. I know, Tom ; tell me, avie." " No father ! I'm not guilty," said he, " B-and G-were in it, but not me." " Not too fast young man," interrupted the sergeant, " remember, that what ever statement you make, will be used against you." " Och ! that iver I should livo to see this day. Oh Tom, Tom !" said his father, and amid much weeping and expostulation, on the part of his parents, they leg Tom to prison. [ Soon after, his trial took place, and I, ip çomnany. with other witnesses, was examined, rejatiyo to toil murder of Mr M'Knjght. A very strong case was marti out against tho accused, who j eventually, 'admitted fljjl complicity with bushrangers, and tho receipt pf part qt tho spoil. The murder of his master, he, however, strongly denied ; and doubtless, his assertion was true, though disbelieved by the jury. Ho was found guilty, and sentenced to death, whicl} sentence was, I after« wards learned, commuted to fif teou years imprisonment. The little episode I have related, brings forcibly to mind those words of Shakespeare: "A man plays many parts." During my life, the parts I have Playea have indeed been various ; but the strangest of all wo* tho part I was compelled to (play in connection wita tho youthful bushranger. Charles Stewart, alias Andrew Alston, a prisoner who escaped from Sergeant De^'onald on escort from Deniliquin to Wagga Wagga gaol, has been reapprehenaedat Mr. Olllcer's Lura station on a charge of steuling an ope» Class, a revolver, und some rations. It appears, from ena Riverine Advertiser, that he had camped a Tew miles away from Mr. Offlcer's and paid the station nonturnul vUiM w procure the means of subsistence. The police were «et m motion and the station was watched. The prisonT w» caught in the act of robbing the safe. He showed hisçsmp. The apprehending officer constuMe Delundre, in his eviaeiiw said The camp was two logs with some bushes piaceu around, and prisoner's blankets and other things were lying about ; among the things were the revolver, eight oi"""*",' opera glass, and 23s lodcash (produced). Mr. Officer ciniroe« the revolver, opera glas-», und curtrUlces, and Pr'flnnfr""¡L mitted they were his propertv. afr. Officer accused priSOTW of taking mouev out of thu kltchwi, and prlsnnersalu I did-it is in one of tho small hags in the parcel. J tho parcel, arid prisoner then took some money oin¡01 email hug. corni tod it, and offered it to Mr. Oflicer. 1? .»» the monov would have to go to the conrt-house. . ¡- ía;',"llt tho things up mid took possession of them, »"d bTy.»"t prisoner to Deniliquin lock-up. Prisoner's boots weratu»" lifteeti yards from the safo outside the gate. When »os, to theenmp prisoner pulled two hags out ot his p« 'vi» sahl ho Intended them to carry provisions in fromme*»«« Ile stands remanded. 