BURNED CLAY. I am highly impressed with the value and profit of burned clay. Every farmer knows that the yellow oehrey subsoil of stiff undrained clays, free from calca reous matter, but full of iron rust, is, when first ex humed, poisonous to plants. Burn it into brick-dust, and it at once becomes food instead of poison. You entirely change its chemical and physical condition. You might roll the original wet, birdlime-like clod into a ball, place it on your mantelpiece, and it would become as hard as a cannon-ball, and shine as if var nished; but when reduced by heat to brick-dust its tenacity and induration are for ever departed. Every portion of it becomes readily accessible to air, water, and manure. It is attractive, absorbent, andfiltrative, instead of being, as formerly, sullenly unalterable and repulsive. The seeds or germs of evil weeds which it contained are rendered, by calcination, food for other plants. I have rejoiced to see, in my great clay-fires, stones of every sort and size shattered and reduced to cil ieious, alkaline and phosphate dust, delightfully avail able to the growing of cereals, which, by thechemistry of nature, make the glass of theiratraew and the phos. pates of their grain from these now available materials. I have reflected how many centuries it would take of aMration and weathering to separate those obstriq ate aggregations, which fire renders available in afew hours ! and every farmer knows how mueh more manure and cultivation is required to reuder the yellow subsoil profitable. .I feel very strongly on this subject. It is one ofthe keysetones of heavy-clay profit. I have burned many thousand loads of brick-dust ashes, but I ought to have burned more. There is no fear of exhaustion. With plenty of this clay under your five inches of ploughed soil you have an abundant mine of wealth. Thsose passive, and therefore useless, treasures which pr. Daubeny so ably discovered, are rendered active and profitable by burning. I look upon our clay subsoil as a doctor's shop full of chemicals. If you doubt it, dig up some subsoil yellow clay, shut it up in a drawer for a few months, and when you open that drawer it will remind you nasally of Apothecaries' Hall, by the various smells of its chemical compounds. We are too apt to forget that for thousands of years milliond of reptiles, worms, and inseets have lived and died and decomposed in our soils. For thousands of years the feathered tribes, carniverous and omniverous, have used our earth as their feeding-ground, their dung-heap, and their grave. Timb has dissolved their elements and the elements of their food, and the in organics have been washed deep into the subsoil. The same may be said of our primeval vegetation. There is something very encouraging in the dura bility of burnt clay brick-dust. It sinks gradually down into the obstinate subsoil, and mixes with it in minute granules, rendering it more permeable and more accessible to the roots of our crops. Fifteen years of practical experience have enabled me to come to these conclusions. When I first entered on my farm thehigh-shouldered green lanes rendeed the fences of little protection. I burned the sides to a considerable depth, and carted the ashes on my fields, thus leaving the lands convex and self-drained. The cost of a ton of Peruvian gusto, £12, would produne 480 loads, or cubic yards, of burned clay ashes-a permanent improvement for four acres of soil. The Hon. the Minister for Works and Mines has received the following telegram from the Gold-fields Commissioner at the Etheridge River:-"George town, September 16. All well here. Laid of' four reefs, and fire numbers were taken up last week. The excitement relative to Charters Towers is sabsiding. The escort started from here to-day with 1751ozs. of gold, £209 Government collection, and £553 con signed; from Gilberton, 244oze. of gold and £19 of Government collection. The mail was found this morning, quite safe.--owAnn ST. GEoRGE." I5TALLOLLr. r.-Thc S.. . KHerald reports a lee-. ture by the Rev. Dr. Barsanti, at Sydney :-The lec turer commenced by defning the meaning of truth, and enforcing upon his hearers the importance of seek ing after end possessing it. He then proceeded to give a brief explanation of whaf was meant by the infallibility of the Pope. The dogma of papal infallibility did not mean the personal infallibility of the Pope, or his im mounity from sin. The Roman Pontiff had to confess his sins, and receive at the hands of the priest the ab solution and forgiveness of his sins, like any other member of the Church of which he was the head. The papal infallibility did not mean the immunity of the Pope from error; nor was it a divine inspiration, such as that which was granted and possessed by the Prophets, the Apostles, or the Evangelists, or the in spired writers. But the papal infallibilityin its theo logical meaning meant nothing else than a special Divine assistance of the Holy Ghost, by which the Pope was enabled to preserve holy, to expound faith fully, and to reveal the truths contained in the de positary of Faith. There was nothing puzzling, nothing staraling, nothing contrary to the Scripture, be maintained, in the dogma. The Papal infallibility affected the Pope, not as a private man, but in his of. Scial,public, solemn, sacred capacity, when he spoke ex cathedra in his position as Pope; and hbe derived his prerogative not from many good qualities and endow ments, but simply by relying on the promises of Christ made to the Church. The lectureradmitted that there were some who denied the Papal infallibility; but their numbers were nothing compared to the millions upon millions who believed it. There was but one infallibility-the infallibility of the Church repre sented and personified in the Pope. Pius the Ninth did not invent the dogma, but simply defined it has having been received from the Christian Church. The dogma was as ancient as the Church itself; and as the Church could not be destroyed, so could not be des troyed the Papal infallibility. The rverrend lecturer referred to the Mosaic law, and to other portions of Scripture, for proofs in support of his statement that ponitficiel infallibility was as ancient as the Old Law itself. MARAVILLA COCOA.-The Globe says, "Taylor Brothers' Maravilla Cocoa leas achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other. Cocoa in the marker. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare eoncent ration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoaaboveall othere For Invalids and Dyspepties, we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." 