TRAINING NOTES. On Wednesday morning a good muster of nags put in an appearance upon the course. Cree's trio. Huntsman, Wisdom and Snowdeu, went twice round, the colt getting the best of tbe spin home by a neck. Hamlet, Barrister, and Erringoarra also went round, the second being in very good form, and when it iB recollected how he ran last year, there iB a great deal of danger of bis proving re markably hot. Erringoarra pulled up at the back of the course. He bas wonderfully improved in appearance recently under Driscoll's attentive care, but will hardly prove dangerous. Formosa and Snowflake also showed out. The former has a determined and vigorous stride, which will doubt less tell its tale on Wednesday next, and is in her teneral style and appearance ' beautiful ' as ever, nowflakc has plenty of foot, but going in clothing her style appears laboured. Grecian Bend and My Goodness did good single gallopB, and Con argo showed that there was a considerable amount, of life in the old horse yet. Areas will have to look more at the course and less at the stars if he is to have the ghost of a show. If he adopts such an uneasy style of going when by himself, it i is doubtful to say what he would do in a heavy fi -Id ofhi-rses. On ThursfHjr morning the fi st to show were Mr. Roberts' Tartar and ll&i.jj;, who went a really good strong gallop twice round, Tartar baring the beat of it at the finish. Both horses are 1 oking Well, only a little stout. Pheasant, and Shamrick with Yeomans up, did gu»d gallops singly. «nd Mail- ' den's two, Gwendoline and You'll Do went twice . round, YuU'd Oo having the best nf the finish. Agatha did the distance, not very fast, and pulled up a litt ?- ! tenler. Friend ess went once round by himself and was joined by Midos for another round, the gwv ? coing as he lik'd with the Maiden Plater. Blink Bonny went twice ronnd and finished well. Sparro w ha-vk slowly twice round, aqd Tarragon, the two year old, once round slowly in their clothe!*, and finished up at a good swing, both looking remarkably well. Kerosene had onoe round. Mr. Devlin's two, Alarm and Jewess, twice round slowly. Conargo twice round, a good gallop, and the Archer colt, both of the latter are looking first-class. Grecian Bend had twice tound fast, and finished strongly. The two-year-old My Qwdness and Cobbity went once rnunl together at medium speed. Wisdom and Mr. Bowler,s team did walking exercise in the morning as also did Driscoll's. In the evening tbe latter did a little sw-a'ing, and B.rj i «|ni went again. The following h.iraes hava a-rivad in town .iiiaa WArinpn* day. — Conargo, Areas. Margrrgcir, Gilderyy and are staying st the Hoyal, Mozart, Caliban colt, Alfred and Wunmera at the Commercial, and Robin Hood at the Australian. The hui die-racer Kalula is in flrst class trim, aud does hia timber like a de«r. With his weight he will make it remarkably warm for the sup posed unconquerable Pheasant. We wonld remind our readers that the Wanga- atta Free an I Borough Handicap oiose on Hon 'ay next. The following handicaps were declared at tbe Secretary's office on Thursday evening hurdle back. st. Ib Mr. J. Robert's br g Pheasant, aged . ... 12 0 L. Ryan's b g Alfred, aged ? 12 0 J. Jenkin's b g Bounce, aged ... ... 9 7 C. M. Lloyd's r g Cobbity, aged ... 9 3 8\. Hawkins ns blk g Kalnlu, aged ... 9 3 C. Wall's^ g Corsair, 6 yrs, ... ... 9 0 ' flying hakdicap. lb. Mr. J. Robert's bg Banjo, aged ? 8 10 H. J, Bowler's g m Snowflake, 4 yra .. 6 7 3\. Hoystedd's org Shamrock, 4 ]fn _. 8'' 8 J. M. Byrne's brc Macgregor, 3 yra ... 7 8 H. B. Webb's b m You'll Do. 5 yra ... 7 7 3\. A. Lewis's b m Maude. A yra ... 7 O S. Feunell's b c Erringoarra, (late No . Name), 3 yrs ... ? 6 12 M. H. Devlin's blk f Alarm, 3 yrs ... 6 2 Box AND Cox intensified. — It is an unfortu nate thing that there is no Gazette of peripat e*ic parsons -a sort of clerical Hue and Cry, whereby travelling preachers may be identified by Pucks of the press, who hunger for the conver sion of a missionary into readable matter, and thirst for that frequently nbattainable article— a 'local.' A gentleman connected with a journal which wastes a good deal of fragrance in an atmosphere hot far from the Murrumbidgee, heard of the arrival of a bush missionary in the town, and scenting afar off at least two inches of space, resolved to 'interview' the new arrival forth with. Now the missionary occupied quarters in which resided a gentleman of similar name, but who was not generally supposed to preach what he practised, which was simply, saddlery. Tbe journalist hied to the joint residence of missionary and saddler, and in reply t-- an inquiry whether Mr. C — was at home, elicited from the landlady that be was not. but might be found at a certain establishment in the town. Thither proceeded the paragraphic Nimrod. and repeated his inquiry, when be was soon introduced to a person whom he imagined to be the °* linn ' ho sought. In accordance with time-honoured precedent, tbe journalist suggested, in an uuguarded moment, that tliey should partake of '-that which is not bread ' but popularly known by tbe carnal and irreverent as 'a swipe.' The suggestion wos no sooner made than repented of, but to the sur* prise of the inviter. the presumed preacher com plied without any particular reluctance. They departed for the nearest hotel, and for a while were no more seen. a. cuu|»e ul uimuux »iwsi wards there issued from tbe portal a dejected man, whose co uutenance was more suggestive of sorrow than of anger. He was followed by an other, who ia passing out, winked audibly at a friend, and observed in ominous accents, ' Blessed if he didn't take me for that missionary cove. ' Tue Australian Bei.lhingkrs.— The Austra lian bellringers gave their final entertainment at the Masonic Hall on Wednesday evening last to only an average audience. The performers ac quitted themselves, as upon previous occasions, to the complete satisfaction of their hearers. Larrikinisin, in a very mild form, was slightly re presented by some boys at the end of the ball, who made a good deal of unnecessary noise not only in testimony of their approbation at the con clusion of any piece, but at times when it was ex ceedingly objectiouable. Land-office. — The following business was trans acted at the local land-office on Thursday last ; — Robert Lover, 200 acres, Uratia ; William James Verdou, 89 acres, Urana ; John M'Entyre, jun., 40 acres, Oura. A Novel 'Tack-drawer.' — Snakes around Wahgunyah are of a decided and determined type. A Mr. Ncill met one tbe other day, which was evi -lontU- rwf fti« fmn/tiafl ad ifc 'fnnfAnail' /in one of the tacks iu his boot, and appropriated it, probably for private use. The local paper thus alludes to the matter : — 'He (Mr. Neill) was out shooting snipe with Mr. C. A. Rcid, when be felt a sudden pull atone of his boots. Mr. Kcid at tbe same time calliug to him, ' Look out, there is a snake.' He ran off, but the reptile, which waB live feet long, stuck with such tenacity to tho boot that it p'.illed out one of the tacbB before it would let go. It then aroBe, as if to make another attack' — surely not a pun from our sober contemporary — 1 which gave Mr. Neill an opportunity to despatch the beast by shooting it.' Tue Viceregal Visit to Goulburn.— We ob serve that the visit of his Excellency the Governor to Goulburn has been definitely fixed for the25tb instant. Arrangements are in progress to give him a fitting reception upon the occasion. Thiodon's ' Wonders.'— Tbo Thiodon enter tainment still continues to be extoosivcly patio niBed, and doubtless at the performance to be given at three o'clock this afternoon, for tho ex press behoof of the juvenile portion of the commu nity, tbeso will muster iu very considerable force. Tub Ensuing Week — The round of amusementa during the ensuing w«ek is suffi iuntly well known to our readers to render a'iy nxwnded comment un necesenry. Tbe dissipation commeoccs in a mild form on Monday with the Pastoral Stow, supple mented with the ilinner at the Australian in the evening. J'he Horti ulfuial Show on Monday, Tues day, and Wedues'lav, off rs its attractions to puoplo of fl 'ia , cereal, and veg'-lable tastes. Tile ruoe* meeting on Thursday and Friday holds out induce ments to ell comers, and all shades of pleasure eaekcra will be ro,-rt-s--nted on tbe course, from tlie p i-tnral admiicr of lambs, and tbe horticultural lnrer i f r ^es to the lambs and roses themselves in pro pria persona A b:iza^r wf'l be held duriug tbi- first l.'Ur nights of ibe wet k at tbe Masonic Hall, at which a coi'eurt will be given under the conductorship - f Mr. H. Wilkinson, tlie Anvil Chorus being among other it'1 ins upon the programme. liarlow' ?- circus app ars on Wednesday and Thursday ni xt '-nd with the attractions of dog. »nd monkeys makes a hi I for the popular support, wbile Tbindnn'B Wonders night .y O'Capy the Mechanics, In-tilute. The grand wind-up is i he Hace Ball on Friday evening. And a-ter the e :ttling up, which takes place oe Saturday, people may settle down into the old routine, and imbibe with c implacency '? sermons and soda water the morning lifer.' Supposed Death by Drowning.— There is every reason.to suppose that a little girl named Amelia Head, eleven years of age, the step-daughter of John Lonimore, dairyman, of Gumly Gumly, was drowned in tbe river yesterday afternoon. It appears that the child went down to the water with a -pannikin to get a drink, and as she has not been Bince seen, it seems probable that she slipped into the river. Constable Patterson went down to tbe scene of the supposed accident, and dived several times in the hope of recovering tbe body but the plucky attempt was fruitless. Pat terson received a severe blow on the back of the head from a lo-i while engaged in diving. He was seconded in bis endeavours by a man named Cox. Later in the evening Mr. Planner's boat was obtained and sent to the place by dray, as it was intended to dra* the river all uuht. New Business. — We learn that Mr. T. Collis will open hiB confectionery establishment to-day, in the premises recently occupied by Mr. Hunter. An advertisement to that effect will be found in another column. Cattle-stealjno Prevention Association. — That the existence of a Cattle-steiling Prevention Association is productive of good in any district is fully exemplified in tbe fact of their becoming so general. Circulars bav6 been issued for the formation of such an association at Singleton, and it is generally believed that the movement will be largely supported by the stockownere of that district. Agricultural and Hobticoltural Society. — A meeting of the Wagga Wagga Agricultural Society was held at the Council Chambers on Wednesday last, at 3 o'clock, for tbe purpose of of appointing judges and the transaction of other business. Tbe Secretary was instructed to communicate with the undermentioned gentlemen to ask them to act in the above capacity upon the occasion of the forth, coming show in the classes indicated : — For poultry and pigeonB, Messrs. G. A. Elliot, F. Cbisholm, and Robert Monteith ; for agricultural produce, Messrs. Baylis, Lanchlan, W. M. M'Entyre, and Love ; for flowers, Messrs. Hammond, De Lancy Forth, and Willans ; for machinery, Messrs.* Chap man, Nixon, and Davidson ; for wool, Messrs. Toad and Robertson. It was further resolved that the charge of admission to the ground shonld be one shilling, children bring admitted at half price. With reference to the engagement of music for the occasion of the *how, it was derided to communi cate with the members of tbe Eland- and ascertain whether they would play, and upon what terms. Mr. S. Mincbin was appointed auctioneer, and, after passing Borne accounts for payment, the meet ing adjourned. An Objectionable Definition. — The young idea has been manifesting a tendency towards sharp shooting at an educational establishment not very far from Wagga Wagga. A very worthy Inspector of Schools was recently engaged in examining a class of juveniles in grammar, aid, as A matter of . course, tbe question «at asked — 'What ia a moon f' The answer woo, equally as a matter of course, prompt and unexceptionable — 'A noun is tbe name of any person, place, or thug.' Seeking accurate demonstration of the class's acquirements, tbe Inspector proceeded — ' Now, I am a nous; which of the three am I f' Up went the hand of a promising five-year-old maiden, and the trium phant answer— ' Please, air; you're a tiling' — wis elicited. The claai was dismissed, but the In spector hardly seemed satisfied with the accuracy of the definition. Border Customs Collection. — The ram of £9167 10s8d was received ou account of Border Customs daring-the month of August, £6932 8s 8A during September, aiid £6150 12« 2d during Octo- . bur, making a fcotnl of £21,258 lls6d for tbe put thiee months. 