STOW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH SCHOOLROOMS. Thefoundation-stoneof the newschool buildings m connection with Stow Congregational Church was laid by the newly-arrived pastor, the Rev. o« Syme^> on Tuesday afternoon, March J.b. There was a very good attendance to witness the ceremony. Among those eresent were the Revs. M. H. Hodge, H. Cheetham, J. Jefferis, LL.B., W. Nicholls, C. Manthorpe, J. R. Ferguson, C. Hall, and J. Howie (Comnregationalists) S. Mead, M.A., LL.B. (Baptist), J. Lya.ll and J. Henderson (Presbyterian), Mr. G. Prince, Mr. W. Harcus, and Messrs. D. Adamson, H. Dean, C. Wylde (Deacons of the Church), and others, most of the abovenamed being on a platform erected above the stone. The following description of the building, which was commenced several weeks ago, has been kindly handed to us by the architect, Mr. James Camming: "The building is of Gothic deeign. The interior takes the form of a church, having a nave and side aisles. The central portion is a lecture hall, 69 feet long, by 36 feet wide and 28 feet high, seated for upwards of 400 persons, and furnished with a platform and cases for the school library. It will be lighted by lft clerestory windows, which can also be opened to assist the ventilation. A series of doors on each side of the hall open into the various classrooms, committee-room, waiting-room, kitchen, &c.;, which will be fitted complete under the same contract. The exterior is of Glen OsmencL stone, with dressings of freestone and white and. coloured bricks. The whole work, including an extension of the shed accommodation for vehicles, forming footpaths, watertabling, &c.;, is contracted by Messrs. Brown & Thompson at £1,889." - After a hymn had been sung Mr. C. WYLDB read the document, which, with coins of the realm and Adelaide newspapers, was put' in a bottle and inserted beneath the stone. The following is a copy:— "This document is placed in the foundation' stone of an edifice to be erected for a schoolroom in connection with the Stow Congregational Church. The stone is laid by the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., on the 26th day of March, 1872, in the 35th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Right Hon. Sir James Fergusson, Baronet, being Governor of the Province; the Revs. H. Cheetham, M. H. Hodge, and C. Manthorpe taking part in the ceremony. The erection of the edifice is undertaken by the Church and congregation now assembling in the Stow Congregational Church, the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., being Pastor; Henry Giles, Alexander Hay, Horace Dean, D. Adamson, L. Grayson, M. Goode being Deacons. 'Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost.' The Committee under whose supervision the building is erected consists of Rev. C. B. Symes, B. A., Adam Adamson, David Adamson, Joseph Barlow, Talbot Baines Brace, B. N. Conigrave, Samuel Davenport, Horace Dean, George P. Doolette, W. T. Flint, Henry Giles, Lawrence Grayson, Matthew Goode, Alexander Hay, James Hill, William Johnston, W. Newbouid, William Palmer, T. S. Reed, Robert Stuckey, George White, Charles Wylde; architect, James Cumming; builders, Brown 'and Thompson." The Rev. C. B. SYMES having, with the assistance of the architect and builder, adjusted the stone, declared it to be " well and truly laid." He then ascended the platform, and remarked that he supposed they all felt that there was just a touch of unreality in the ceremony of that day. They felt that while he was laying^ tlra memorial-stone the work, even to adjusting it to the finest balance, had really been done by others, so that he could not claim credit for the correct and due laying. But he hoped there would be no unreality in the structure, and the work to be done in it when it was completed. He trusted there would be reality in the work of the builder, and he ventured to hope that they would accomplish it with more fullness and reality than he had his; that they might have the satisfaction of having a building to stand the test of years and the storms of many seasons. But more than that, they thought of the spiritual work to be accomplished. They felt that there was no unreality in that, and they had come with no hazy or undefined views of what they intended to accomplish. They saw that with clear gaze, and there was a body of earnest people who intended to cany on the work with all their hearts and souls. The material work they regarded only as the scaffolding to enable them to erect the spiritual building. This was like the quarry from, which the stones of 'the Temple were obtained, and here they hoped that living stones would be trained by Divine grace, and renewed by the Holy Ghost, so as to taketheir places in that spiritual assembly which Christ was building. It did not become him. now to speak at length about the views of hisdenomination, as that would be more befitting the occasion were they laying the stone of a church; but as the principles they taught must have power over youth, he thought. it was right to say a little about the views they wished to instil into the minds of the young. They met in connection with an Independent or Congregational Church holding to the evangelical truths of the Gospel, and their intention was that the children tor whom the building wa£ to be raised should have some doctrinal truthsbrought before them at the earliest age—they would instil them line upon line and precept upon precept. They believed in actual ruin brought by the Fall and the helplessness of any to save themselves till Christ's grace should reach them, and they intended that tobe taught decisively. They all believed in the atoning blood of Christ for renewaliand the Holy Ghost to instil a new life, and these more cardinal truths would be brought xuiderthe attention of the children. As regarded distinctive Church principles, the age of those they taught almost precluded them from anything like earnest and effectual teaching. They were Independents, and believed in the independency of every private Christian, and his responsibility to God alone for the opinions he held. They believed further in the independency of every collection of believers associated together; that they had a right to arrange their own worship, choose their officers, and conduct their own affairs; that it was generally expedient to use these rights, and they " contended against any authority being held over them by the civil power. These were the principles they held, and as the children grew old enough toappreciate them they were anxious for them tohold these views, but most of all that they should become followers of the Lord Jesus Christ. Their work then was a very distinct one—to make the minds of the children familiar - with Divine truth—to inspire them with a love for Bible truth, and having so done they hoped to be able to instruct them in the things of God, so that the truths might be engrafted. upon their hearts, and bear fruit in theirlife. They also hoped for the personal influence ef Christian people at a time when the mind and character were susceptible of almost any impression. He believed in the power of personal religious influence, and he trusted that the teachers who • would be.connected with the school might havepower to gain personal influence over the heartland consciences of the children—influences - which they might use for their spiritual wellbeing. These were simply the purposes of" their hearts, and upon these grounds he asked', their sympathy—the sympathy ef the congregation and all connected with it—that they might take an earnest and prayerful interest in, the Sabbath - school. It was too late in. the day to attempt vindication or adulation, of the work of "Sunday - school teaching. It- had vindicated itself, • and God had poured. - -high honour upon it. Now they had only to* recognise it as one of the great powers of the Christian Church, and hope that God might give a great blessing. If the work were simply confined to the people worshipping in the adjoining sanctuary they would not venture to ask the sympathy of others there that day, but they were only taking a part of the work to be accomplished in this city. There were 200 children in attendance at the school, besides 100 at a branch scheol intended expressly to meet the wants of those they found it difficult to bring into other associations, and " the work therefore claimed the sympathy ©f those outside their denomination. They asked their help as fellow-townsmen, and more than all as fellow-Christians. While they thus looked to one another for help and sympathy, to God they must look for the blessing. They expected it, and they expected to train within ihbose walls those who would take a prosanerit part in Christian work—to see yeusg minds •dedicating iheir lives to Christ Nothing less -than that would satisfy those working there. They earnestly prayed that the blessing of the Holy Ghost might descend upon them, and that "they might have cause to rejoice in the success of the -work for years to come. The Rev. C. MANTHORPE said he had been asked t-o say a few words expressive of the sympathy of sister Churches with the movement in which the brethren of that Church were engaged. He was sure that the presence of •nembers of their own Churches in various parts «f the colony and of members of Churches of ether denominations was an indication that this sympathy which was sought was given. They ail-felt that this was a good and a right work. Wo •Church would be perfect without an efficient Sunday-school, and in order to the «fiieient working of it it was necessary ' that there should be suitable accommodation. \- And those who had been accustomed to worship in that church had felt how much adequate and suitable accommodation was needed. He thought that their friends in the room' they were building would be able to solve one of the great problems of religious work, which was to secure and retain their elder scholars. He was glad there would be separate classrooms, and lie hoped there would be earnest men and "women who would be led to -gather round them young men and maidens who were in danger of being led away if there were not suitable places in which to ment. - Sympathy, however, should .be practical, and he was sure they would have 'sympathy in a practical way. There were few of their Churches but were indebted to the Stow and Freeman-street Church for practical sympathy, and be thought it would be grateful and becoming if they returned some of the kelp, and showed that they really sympathized with the good work whichliad been undertaken. . After_prayer had been offered by the Rev. It, H. Hodge, the doxology was sung, and the -proceedings closed with the benediction pronounced by the Rev. Mr. Symes. TO THE REV. MB, SYMES. On Tuesday evening meetings ^ook place for the welcoming and recognition of Mr. Symes as the new Pastor of the Stow Congregational Church. The Rev. C. W. Evan presided. On the platform were ministers of several denominations, and apologies were sent by the Revs. Jas. Lyall, J. C. McMichael, H. J. Lambert, J. L. Parsons, W. L. Bints, J. Benny, Morgan Williams, and T. -James. The evening's proceedings having been opened with singing, The Rev. C. W. EVAS, B.A., said he had consented to preside at the request of the deacons and Mr. Symes, and he was glad to be able to <lo so even at a little personal inconvenience. Since he last stood upon that platform and took put in a meeting—a valedictory meeting— nearly 12 months ago, he had not opened his lips -on any public occasion, and he felt that the kind of talent required for such a position as that he was filling did not improve by disuse, and he was somewhat doubtful of-his present ability to make even a short speech. But he felt that very little could be required of him, and if he amply said that he was there as the former pastor -of the Church to introduce and commend to them his successor in office, his speech would -not be incomplete, nor would the wishes of those who requested him to occupy the position lie unfulfilled. He gladly united with the members of- the Church in feelings of thankfulness, and of hopeful anticipation of the future. The present gathering might be regarded as wMuMngr the termination of a. period of uncertainty and anxiety, as the C fulfilment of his earnest desires that had d ascended to. the God of all grace, and as the T commencement of a new and let them hope w brighter era in the progress of the Church. "When in the providence of God he wasled_to tios relinquish the pastorate, the serious question that occupied their attention was to look for a suitable minister to fill the vacant position. His own strong conviction was that the wisest and best course was to send to England. Some were disposed to think that they ought first to look around in this and the other colonies; and no doubt there were brethren who were personally eligible enough for the post, but not one, he was persuaded, who could without difficulty have been spared from the position in which. he was placed, and to have attempted to unsettle such a one would have been an act of doubtful propriety and doubtful charity to the Church affected thereby. Church morality in such matters had often been very low. They had been too devoted to their own isolated Churchism, and had too little regard for their community of interest as a sisterhood of Churches. He was glad to think that independency seemed to be improving in that respect and becoming more elastic, more catholic— that individual Churches were more disposed to do to other Churches as they would have other Churches do unto them. It was their duty to help on that grand reform. It was scarcely to be expected that a minister could be obtained in the colonies without depriving some other Church, of a valuable pastor. Vacancies so created in England were with much less difficulty supplied. Having stated ihe steps taken for the selection of a suitable minister in England, and referred to the- -valuable assistance rendered to the Church in that as well asin-otber ways by Mr. Binney : he expressed his pleasurethatafterMr. Stow'sministry of 18 years and his own of 15 years Mr. Binney was still alive and able to assist in -sending out a third pastor. He had no doubt Mr. Symes -would vindicate the selection that had been made, and hoped that all had been done by Divine guidance and still would be here. He hoped Sir. Symes would never have reason to regret-the severance of those ties, some of them no. doubt strong .and tender, which bound him to Plymouth and England. He trusted through bis industry this Church would grow innumbors, grow in grace, intelligence, in piety, and purity, and become increasingly a power for Christ in the land. He looked on the position his brother was called to occupy as a high, and noble one—a position worthy of the gifts and energy of any minister of Christ—a position weighted indeed with very heavy responsibility, but commanding a large and animating prospect of usefulness, and he trusted in the occupation of it Mr. Syme would bave all the satisfaction and. all the encouragement which the true minister sought and needed. No one would watch his progress with a kindlier interest than he should, or rejoice more heartily in his success. (Applause.) His prayer was that pastor and people might receive a special benediction and a fresh baptism of con-:' secretion to the service of their common Lord and Master. The Rev. C. B. SYME, B. A., who was warmly received, before saying anything bearing personally upon -their "work, might be allowed to express in the name of the congregation the pleasure which it gave them all to see their friend and brother Mr. Evan in the chair. {Applause.) They appreciated the sacrifice at which he had come to occupy the position—the physical strain and. suffering, and the still keener mental pain which it. must cause to meet the 'people whom he had loved 15 years—on such an occasion. He felt sure in beginning Ins pastorate among them it would be with the, sympathy and brotherly love of. the former' pastor of the Church. God might grant to hi™ to reap some of the fruit which his predecessor had sown. If so, even here both he that sowed and he that reaped would rejoice together. The position which he occupied that evening was one of delicacy, and was distateful to b"", because it compelled him almost to make the burden of his speech personal allusions, and yet it was almost needful •that he should .state simply the reasons why be bad been led to accept the invitation the Church had given. It came to him very unexpectedly. Quietly and happily at work at Plymouth he had no'idea of change, still less to so distant a shore ad South Australia: Without any seeking on his part, he received the invitation from Mr. Binney, Dr. Allen, and Mr. fiannay. It struck him, he confessed, with a great deal of surprise, and at first he felt very loth to entertain it at all. It seemed impossible to sever the ties so dear and bid farewell te his fatherland. But when he looked more closely into it; he could not help asking why had God let the invitation come'before him; and then he felt that he must just be willing quietly to give tip his own will, and be guided by Him. Be thought he would' like to see how the thing looked to other minds and other hearts. He wrote first of all to one "tvfco was very dear to him then and was still j dearer BOW, and he received the ANSWER—" It seems the voice of God, and though it will wound us so deeply to leave our own country and onr friends, we shall at least feel that in dedicating our lives to Christ we are not offering that which costs us nothing." He felt so far that God stall seemed to be opening the way. He then saw the brethren in whose hands they had placed the work of choosing a minister. Be asked first of all if they had-any idea that he was movable that they made him the offer. They said no, none; butthey simply thought they would place it before him because he was fitted for the work. He next asked, "Have you tried any others? Canyougetany oneelse togo?" The reply was—' 4 We have tried two others" (mentioning their names), both men whom he thought could have more ably and efficiently filled the position than be could. They cud not feel their way clear to sacrifice all the fellowship of home to go to a foreign land; and after that it seemed like a call from God to himself, to which he could hardly turn a deaf ear without something like, rebellion dr disobedience. Having consulted friends one after another who took the same view, those nearest by kinship regarding-it in the same light, it seemed as if God's hand must be in it, and loth as he was to make the sacrifice, be felt he could not disobey the voice of God. Of his .feelings in parting from the Church over which he had been pastor, amongst whom he had been associated for 11 years, he had better say very little indeed. There was not much delicacy in a man explaining elaborately to a second wife why he was inconsolable for the loss of the first. It would be best to speak simply of the purpose which had brought him here. He had come by God's grace to preach as simply, as lovingly, as forcibly as be possibly could the great vital truths of the Gospel, which had been bis eomforf for many years, and his stay in suffering,- and when he thought himself near to death. He had come to preach the words which he was persuaded were the words of God, and in these days when inspiration, because it was miraculous, was called in question and doubted, it behoved the Christian Church to be very clear and very emphatic in its enunciation of the truth. They knew that inspiration was a miracle, that it stood, as one of the four or five cardinal miracfes in "God's dealing with the world; but if they could not believe in miracles they could not belieVe in Christianity. There 'were creation, the incarnation, the resurrection, and inspiration, together with the work of the Holy Spirit upon the heart—all of them miraculous in their character. He had come to preach the truth, which he believed to be the inspired Word of God, concerning which it was said, " Heaven and earth shall pass away, but My Word shall not pass away." With regard to Ins pastorate, he felt very loth indeed to say much as to what he was going to be, feeling that he would far rather that should quietly reveal itself from day to day and year to year. If they would allow him, however, he would put it entirely another way, and ask them what was their, ideal of what they would like their pastor to* be. He fancied they would like him to be one who would be very careful and prayerful in his preparation for his ministry, not liking to come before them hastily, with truths which he had scareelyHhought out himself, and over which he had grayed, but little. Then they would like, he fancied, not merely a man for the pulpit, but one . for the home, who could find his way_ in and out among the people, be sympathizing in their sorrows, and have fellowship in all the experiences of their lives. They'would like to have a man with whom they could feel in thorough hristian sympathy—.who would love their chilren, and draw them round him early in life. hen he could fancy that earnest Christian orkers would like one who could sympathize in heir particular form of Christian work, whether n the training of yeuth or any other department f Christian service, and stand shoulder to houlder with them. Then perhaps they would not like their pastor to feel quite isolated, but would like him to be sufficiently broad and catholic in spirit to take a delight in the work, even outside his particular Church—who could stand in fellowship with ministerial brethren around him. (Applause.) Their own pastor, e dare say, had been smiling at the elevated tandard he had raised. He knew it was an elevated one, but he liked to have something higher than he had ever attained in order that it might be an inspiration to him to endeavour to reach it, and in trying to interpret their thought he had simply been putting an ideal which—God helping him—he would strive tb rise nearer and nearer to, and—God helping him—in some measure to fulfil. Having said that they would not be angry with him if he endeavoured to explain his idea aboujfc the congregation. In order that any pastor might in slight measure approach the ideal he had sketched, there must be very great thoughtfulness and forbearance on the part of the people. A section of the Church, engaged in a particular department of work might perhaps feel that the pastor's attention was not being given so much as it should be to that particular form of Christian activity, and yet he might be very actively engaged in prosecuting some other work. Those were matters in which he should perhaps have sometimes to trench upon their indulgence and generous forbearance. He trusted he should be regarded as a friend and brother, and not a mere professional pastor, which he never could be. (Applause.) They must pardon binl if' he said one word that mght disappoint them.' He felt it impossible for a pastor to mind a large Church except by very careful economy of time, and therefore he asked the congregation at the outset to bear with him in laying down the same principle as he had in his former pastorate—that he must be entirely excused from evening parties. (Applause.) He would go in and out of their homes and spend as much time as he could with them,but hecould not enter into those sociaieveniug entertainments. Apart from that, he should wish to be freely among them. It was quite impossible they could give to a stranger the love and confidence they had given to their former pastor, or that he had experienced from the congregation with which he -Was formerly connected. Confidence must be of slow growth, and while it was growing he.asked them to be generous in their expectations; and he hoped they were not going to leave him alone to do the work of the Lord. He wanted to be associated with them in their labours of love, and they must rally round him. There was work enough demanding the energies of the Christian Church, and they must join heart to heart and hand to hand. In connection, with that work he would ask eVery section ot the Church to contribute its share of help. There were those who from their many years of experience, and connection with the Church would be able to aid him by their counsel and suggestions. Due weight should always be given to their opinions, but they must not be displeased if their suggestions were not always' acted Uponi A pastor had to balance his forces. It was not for him to say to the elder brethren—" I care nothing for your counsel," or to the younger brethren—"I care nothing for your counsel; you are inexperienced and wayward; I only, intend to follow the counsel of the. eider members." No one section could ever feel that its particular opinions and suggestions were being carried out entirely. He asked the. younger members in prayer and generous sympathy to stand with him, and cheer himwith their freshness of feeling and their earnest life. It had been one of the most pleasing* features in connection with' bis pastorate' that he had been able to see the young people growing up and be among them, and love them as only a brother could; and he hoped the younger brethren in this Church would allow him slowly to take that position with them as a brother beloved in the Lord that they might unite their efforts in the cause of God. He had not intended to speak at such length. In speaking of what should be their purpose, painfully enough was he conscious how far attainments fell below their ideal In conclusion, he would like to pant away from themselves to Him above, from whom blessing could come. They would remember that he trusted in. their prayers, privately and in the family, and he hoped in their meetings, for that power without which no human power could accomplish God's work—the power of the Holy Spirit. Might God send them prosperity, and to that end might they all rise as the heart .of one. man, and give Him no rest day nor mght until He establish and till He make Jerusalem a praise in the earth." (Applause.) The Rev. F. W. Cox engaged in prayer, supplicating the Divine blessing on" tbe union of pastor and people which they were- met to testify. The Rev. J. JEFFEBIS, LL.B. . (Congregationalist), having expressed his pleasure at seeing the Rev. Mr. Evan in the chair, said his object was simply to answer a demand made by the deacons that he should utter a few words of welcome to their pastor and his brother Mr. Symes, on behalf of the ministers belonging to their body in the province. It was a somewhat difficult task in one view for him to take, because he was not'in one sense a representative of his brethren, and they had not deputed Mm; yet he entered upon the task with no misgiving because some of his brethren had already at social gatherings expressed very cordially their greeting to Mr. Symes, and he was sure he should not be misinterpreting the feeling of those throughout the colony when he said that it was distance alone that kept them from j oining in it. He was sure he expressed the feeling of his fellow-ministers in saying-that they gave Mr. Symes a warm and brotherly greeting in the name of . the Lord Jesus Christ, and that their prayers would arise to God that in the position he occupied, which was a high and noble one, the Almighty would enable him continuously to dp His work.' He predicted that his course would be a happy and useful one, and he was sure it would be an- honourable one. (Applause.) ' Mr. M. GOQDE here stated that the cost of the new school building, of which the foundation- stone had been laid that day, would be £2,000. One thousand pounds had been obtained from the sale of the old chapel, and he was thankful to say that three friends had offered sums amounting to £250 on condition that they also contributed largely towards the £1,000 which was needed. A collection on behalf of the School Building Fund was then made. The Rev. S. MEAD, M.A., LL.B. (Baptist), remarked that not only was Mr. Symes welcomed by those immediately connected with the denomination to which he belonged, but other denominations welcomed his advent to this city and colony. They could say sincerely that they were thankful he had come among them, and earnestly hoped that God's blessing would rest upon him in his career. Many Churches had been cheered by the testimony borne by Mr. Symes since his arrival in these southern climes. He prayed that God might help him, and that the career of the Church might be more successful in the future than it had been in the past. (Applause.) { The Rev. J. HENDERSON (Presbyterian) con gratulated the Church and congregation upon the termination of a long period of anxiety and suspense. From some knowledge of his brethren he could testify that Mr. Symes would receive no warmer welcome from any section of the Church than from the Presbyterian Churches of the colony. He prayed that his ministry in public and private might be abundantly blessed, (Applause.) The Rev. J. S. WAYLAND (Primitive Methodist), although net speaking in a representative character, could say that tbe ministers of his denomination heartily sympathized with the Church in their season of suspense and anxiety, and they were pleased that they had a pastor who already had given evidence that he had the spirit ot the Master and a determination to preach TTis truth. (Applause.) The Rev. T. PIPER (Bible Christian) could safely say with regard to his denomination that they most cordially welcomed Mr. Symes to the city as minister of Stow Church. He hoped that the pastorate just inaugurated would be a successful one.-' The Rtiv. C. B. SVMES moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman, remarking that he hoped the sympathy of the ministry would always find a cordial response'in him, and that they would never regret the welcome they had given him that night. The motion was carried by acclamation. The meeting was then brought to a close. FOKD OF GAOL.—The Herald of Kapunda narrates that—"On Saturday a man who gave his name as Powell, but possesses the alias of Cobb, went into Mr. Delany's shop and bought a suit of clothes, value 40s. 6d., went out with them, and said his father, who was at Hooper's, would pay for them. Mr. Delany went up to Hooper's "with him, and there found a man named Powell, whom this man represented to be his father, but who denied any knowledge of him. Mr. Delany gave the man the choica to return the clothes or be given into custody, and he chose the latter. On Monday he was brought before Mr. Varley, S.M., who offered to deal with the case under the Minor Offences Act, but the prisoner preferred to be tried by a Jury, and was committed to the Supreme Court. It is evident the man's object in obtaining the clothes was to be sent back to gaol, from which, we hear, he only made his exit about a month "ice." A MTSTEBY.—Reports are ever and anon rife respecting a well at Tothill's Creek, which it is gravely asserted contains the remains of some human being, and the local correspondent of the Kapunda Herald writes on March 25:— " The rumours about the well mentioned in my last are to a certain extent true. Mr. Daigner, the man in possession of the ground where the well is situated, informs me that one day they were drawing up water to fill a cask; the last bucket had floating on the top of the water in it a mass of greasy putrid matter, but what it was lie could not tell. Shortly afterwards they drew tip what he thinks is the one side of a man's lower jaw. He took it into Kapunda to have a doctor's opinion about it, but he being not at home Mr. Daigner brought it back, audi believe has still got it. The well is about 200 feet deep, and there are about 50 feet of mud and dirt at the bottom, so it would be rather a tedious job to clean it out; whether Mr. Daigner intends to clean it out I have not heard." 