Headehs of 'he Courier era-indebted to Mr Cherles For for a very able and lucid letter on the subject of " Life Aeeuranoe " and Amalgamation," which appeared in our columns on the fifteenth of this month. Regarding the subject of life assurance as one of the most important that can engage the attention of a community, on account of the valuable social, as well as pecu niary results it tends to accomplish, we have always taken a deep interest in this subject. We have felt that the press cannot watch too jealously any new development, or the revival of an old one, which our existing assurance societies may yield. Pro vident huBbauds may for years contribute the whole of their savings to these institu tions so as to. make provision for their wives and children when they (the husbands) shall have passed aw&y;, and much domestic misery must ensue in the event of these societies breaking down in the interim 0r failing to keep their engagements, when death shall call for the liquidation of their policies. Our power io do the subject any- j thing like justice is, however, circumscribed I withini th limits of a general knowledge of ' question, whereas Mr Fox writes with the authority of an expert. Having been connected with these societies in a variety of capacities for a number of years, he knows all their strong and all their weak polpts, and therefore anything he writes concerning them, be it in their favor or to their condemnation, is well deserving of respectful attention. It is on this account we refer thus prominently to Mr Fox's letter this morning, and we are quite sure the sympathy cf our readers will be with us in taking this step. Setting aside all invidious circumstances, or individual cases, which arise out of the contemplation of this letter, and with which we have nothing at all to do, we at once express our agreement with the writer, that if there is one proceeding more than another that should . be condemned alike by the State and the public, itis the amalgamation of these societies. For what does amalgamation as a role argue 1 Failure on the one hand, and monopoly on theXjther— a fidlurewhich can- ' not be strengthened by amalgamation, be cause the effect of the latter must be to weaken the societies amalgamated with. Union is strength in some tnstancre, no donbt j but when financial matters are in volved, Strength is only secured by both parti qs to the union being strong before hand, since we very rarely indeed hear of1 two weak firms, or men, joining together without both speedily going to the wall after the junction has been effected It is only in the natural sequence of events that this Bhonld be so for the individual liability , is increased, without there being a broader basis to bear it While a confession of mutual weakness is involved in the very process of annexation being bronght about. On the other hand, if strong previously, amalgamation can only be undertaken to ob tain additional interest for capital, and this is equally objectionable in the case of assurance, because it means a larger drain on the pockets of new assurers. Ko Mr Fox writes very intelligently on the former branch of this subject. He shows that, wherever the amalgamation of assurance societies has taken place some evil has fol lowed, and failure has in the great majority of cases occurred through the pressure caused by the demand for money ultimately becoming more than the supply ran meet. Looking at the matter a little deeper, however, a Bociety thoroughly sound, and doing a good business, would not agree to a weaker company being affiliated upon it, because such affiliation must of necessity injure thB one without doing any tangible good to the other. Cases may exist where the converse would hold good, but these cases are the exception, not the rule, and the journalist has little to do with the former, but everything to do with' the latter. Broadly stated, the effect of amalgamation is to show weakness on both sides, though the kind of weakness may differ in the two cases. The public and the State should therefore set their faces against the amalga mation of these institutions, because in the great msjority of instances it is bound to produce just those very evils which it is the spirit of life assurance to prevent. We need not, however, trouble ourselves to argue this subject in an abstract form, since we have an abundance of that kind of material which enables ns to deal with it moat completely in the concrete. The failures "of the Albert and European societies, in England, were brought about solely by amalgamation. If any person who feels sufficiently interested in this Bnbject will look up the Last number of the Govern ment Gazette, he will see how impu dently and disgracefully these companies worked in this respect We are also in possession, of a table -on this subject, for which we regret we cannot find space ; but the general 'effect of it is to show that the Albert Company swallowed up by amalga mation no less than twenty-nine companies, whilst the European absorbed no fewer than thirty-seven, in a less space than twenty-two years. Now it is a notorious fact that whilst tb one two -companies remained on their original bases they were perfectly sound. The business was well within their zrasp, and their proprietaries were thoroughly manageable. It was only when they extended their limits beyond the range of all discretion and capability of management, that they broke down, snd involved so many hundreds of their cus tomers in irretrievable ruin, from an assurance point of view. But the Albert and European are not the only companies which speak so trumpet- tongued against amal gamation. From the same table we gather that of 229 societies which passed through the process of amalgamation in England in the Bame period, only nine now survive, and the ruin of the others was in the main brought about by resorting to this dangerous device. Ho fact could speak mora strongly s gainst amalgamation than this does, and no stronger argument could therefore be cited by hs to justify the view we have always takpn ou ihis subject. What then is the cure for thin evil, or rather what- steps should be taken to pre vent the reproduction of there disasters out here I The reply is obvious. The State must either pass a bill prohibiting amalga mation except under certain conditions, and preventing the formation of fresh societies,' other than uppn the "mutual principle, or it. must take charge " of ;fhe subject of life assurance itself. The mutual principle gives a vote to contributor and shareholder alike — the proprietary principle restricts this privilege to the shareholders. Amalga mation should therefore alone be tolerated where both the proprietary and the as sured express themselves in favor of it, in which caso the Eubject would be thoroughly ventilated in the press before that end were consummated, "and there would then be little or no danger of wrong being done. At present proprietary societies may amalgamate in any number, and the holders of their policies, are powerless to prevent it. . Surely no : deeper wrong than this oould be inflicted on assurers, regard being had to what has oocmrred in England' during the last twenty-two years. Our own opinion is strongly in favor of State assurance, and it is bared on this consideration, that asauranoe is a grand uorisl movement, the fullest development of which" ahould be facilitjtfJ ss much as possible. We would even go further, and make life assurance oom- pnlsoiy on all, in justloo not alone to widows and children, but also that eoaiety might be relieved of much of thst-poverty which arises from the death of the bread-winner, leaving fato wife and family unprovided for. Reverting for a moment, however, to the general question, it Bfiouid never be overlooked, when considering the subject of life assurance, that every year makes a man's life more difficult to assure on anything like terms which the great bulk of the community nan meet. Therefore when.a break-down oocors, numbers of men who had prudently assured their lives, not alone lore their money, or the greater por tion of it, but they are also prevented from assuring again, "tiy reason of their advanced years, or the. enormous premiums which are demanded from them on this account. If three facts and considerations should not be sufficient to establish the jus doe of our views on life assurance, then at least the Government must fall back upon Ame rican precedent to give that protection to assurers, and their wives and children, to which they are clearly entitled, and which the experience of life assurance societies in England proves to be pre-eminently -required in this colony. Wrtant the next two years more than a couple of hundred thousand pounds will be expended out of the new State loan upon water-pipes alone. Has not the time arrived when there should be st least one manufactory of these indispensable artioles established in Victoria ! . Already the building of en glues, both stationary and locomotive, has assnmed considerable pro portions in the colony, and Ballarat hsB in I this connection been always first in the race. It may be urged by the importers and other opponents of colonial industry, that while engines, being of a complicated character, Can be made at almost English rates, and Jet - leave a fair .inargin of profit to the manufacturers, the converse would be the case with water-pipes, which are sent out almost as ballast, and at a not mneh higher price than pig iron. We con- tehd, however, that such a statement would be incorrect by reason of the bulkier character of pipes, and their liability to flaw and fracture. But there are other and weightier reasons for recommending the Colonial manufacture of pipes. Their price, if made here, would not be liable to the tremendous fluctuations in the iron trade of the mother-oonntry, more especially if the Government were to £x a maximum charge in esse of their offering a cash bonus or other inducement for the manufacture of say the first, five hundred tons of the commodity required. Another benefit derivable by the public from a local manufactory would be the establish ment of uniformity of pattern, as the com pany or companies would always keep it or themselves up to the most modern type. Thus not only would Victorian water supply companies be sure of getting the best article, but the Bame advantage would be extended to neighboring colonies. Again, each pipe would be tested on the spot, and thus an immense saving be effected as against the imported ware. As an in stance in point, about SO per cent, of the pipes imported for the Clones Water Commission were found unable to stand the prescribed test, and were conse quently condemned. Even if the loss in" such instances falls upon the exporters, the inconvenience and delay occasioned by find ing one-half the stock of pipes valueless would be far from inconsiderable. So much so, indeed, lhat -companies would find their gain in paying a trifle more for their maim, and reticulation services if of colonial manu facture. Only establish a standard pattern, and (aiders would flow in from all quarters'. We must once more drag the wretched Coliban muddle before public view. The drawings sent to England for the pipes required were of such an antiquated type that altera tions actually had to be made before the founders could even cast them, and the whole thing became a laughing stock with the tr&db; in Great - Britain. But Mr Chriatopherstm preferred the designs that -were in vogue about the time of Peter the Great to the result of the accumulated ex perience of the best ironworkers of the latter half, of the 19th century. That eerrioeable water-pipes can be made here in Ballarat has already been proved. Indeed there are some in the Water Cotnmission'a yard at this moment which were manu factured at the Phoeuix Foundry. They are not so smooth or nice looking aa their imported neighbors, though they have successfully withstood a severer test ; but their comparative inelegance arises from their ' having had .to be cast horizontally, which would not have been the case if the Pica nix Foundry -Company had been afforded suffi cient enoouragdment to ereot a complete plant. If the Clones Water Commission had -accepted, as they now probably regret "they did not, the tender of Messrs Walker and Co., of the Union Foundry, that firm would in all probability be now mhnufac-" turing pipes for Victoria, and some of the neighboring colonies as welL But their enterprise was nipped in the bud by influ ences strongly enough commented upon at the time in the columns of 1 he Courier. Now that such an opportunity of dis playing its wisdom and foresight, if not patriotism, is afforded the Government as never presented itself before, let it not be let slip. The country very nearly missed the locomotive engines contract, and would have done so but for a display of in dignant unanimity on the part of the "Legislative Assembly as remarkable as it was satisfactory. Will it be neces sary that an order for pipes shall have been actually sent home, before the eyes of the Legislature are opened to the great national benefit which would accrue from the establishment of local manufactories t It is to be hoped not, more especially as we under stand it is the intention of Mr W. C. Smith to move in the matter at once. If the Govern ment decline to take any action on .the ques tion, they will do wrong with their eyes open. They, will not he ignorant of the fact that large deposits of rich ironstone: have been discovered in Tasmania, where also coal of the best quality will or should soon be found in abundance. What should be done by the State is, as indicated above, either to offer a bones for the fifst satisfactory batch, or make s giant of land in some convenient dace as a site for pipe-making purposes. Or, perhaps still better, let both offers be made. Here in Ballarat, no site would probably be required, but the bonus would be a sufficient stimulus to ensure the ereotion of a fitting plant. If Walker and Co. conld tender as low as English firms when there was only the bare payment to look forward to, would not the same enterprise be stimulated to immediate action with such a glittering prize as a handsome bonus awaiting the plucking at the completion of the stipulated " tale of bricks ?" IJje Government : will io well, in more ways "than ana, to take the pipe question from a. Victorian pmnt of view into their favorable oanEdder&tian.; Elsewhere we publish the first through preii telegram received from England and till bit ilooe the repairs toths cable were effected. The new is col important, lbs -chief item being the banishment of Prince ffrapolsen from Frahce, the failure of iheharrest in &cotlind;,nd con firmation of the safety Qf Dr LMogstoas. A correspondent writes; — w YarcMrca end iflleo- tori will <Sj well to ber in fiilad this lesson the orcemalty of pnttlog up thrir wools from pieces cod locks, end free of U meaner of dirt. The ovenly way in which xaosy of the mU lot were pal up last icuoa hta given the buyers whs realised In London and America a teaaon that tbey will not aoon forget, «a the great balk of each woo1! caused a heavy Ion to them. Those who persist In ptxtiUg ap their wools in the «ame con dition th linear will themselves be the losenr as the bajezaftll only give low priors lor snoh lota. The high dtfky on greasy wools imported into Ibe States being ibe same oc oniklrted ai on skirted xnd the b it dip, « Li plain thai tw ton/era will pias inch lots, as they cannot afford to pay freight and duty besides on dirt." A notice appears in another column lo tba affect that iateadJog exhibitors at the forthcoming how of the Ballarat Agricultural od Pastoral bociety will hare to make a statutory declaration that there h»s been no infections dispose in IheLr herds for a period of ihrae months prior to the data of the thaw, Another naUoe announces that the booths, Ac . will be said at Grains on Satur day-next, by Mr AleX. Kelly. Several robberies have been reported to have taken place In Ballarat Rait during the past few day. Yesterday formoona gold w«.rch and chain wae'.atolcn from ths bouse of Mr George Welsh, la Dytc's partdc. Two m«n had b ten seen borrr- lag fcbjat, aud U Is shfposed that tbey ate the »oieT4>- he articles were taken from a dressing table wbtit the window of the room was open. There was quite a li rely little ecane essctsd at the city Police Court yesterday during the bearing cf the kfB iation case Coad v fierce. The plain tiff was vomin cotslderkhly younger thin we are accustomed to its to inch clrcumitancfs; but the wauled none of the oooflieuce which dunaa of matnrer year only sr eXp-cte d to possess. Ths evidence u cfecriiarlly of kind which embodied detail! Of t hot oVef delicate Hod, but she never flinched from the ordeal, and not even a iolllary bluih suffnied her fice. Mr MDermolt appeared on her bshalf, and Mr Parcel! for the defendant, and the latter gentle man put ber through a charmotariailc and there fore amiiilog cross -exuninv ion, during" which there was a running fire k-pt up between him and Mr M llrrmott. The tndl of the oaae wu that the defendant waa ordered to Contribute tea week. It waa matter for remark at the Suugareeahire Council meeting yesterday, that neither the preeldent of that body nor any of the member bad been Invited to meet Mr Otaey, nor. were ihey con railed in referee oe to the reaervee whlob lie within their ahlre. Itaeema that the lligbt waa not intentional, but amae from the blnndrr of a clerk whose duty it waa to forw.rd the invitation! to the representatives of the varioui bodiea con cerned. a similar omission, It ii said, occurred In reference to the Eastern Tows Oonneil. Mr Neil M'Nrll, the contractor for the flret fourteen mllae of the Billarat to Ararat railway, 1, proceeding with the work beyond tbe tailgate at the Plough hotel. For two or three werki put " navvies" of the orthodox eort (not Oblneae l.boren, aa u at one time rumored) beve been burily engaged in cutting down and levelling the road. The navvies ere working for enh con tractor! under Mr M'Nell, who, tit! eeld, (j dolcg pretty well by lnh-ietting the excavations. Twenty one membere of the 3rd B.YB hive entered lor Ibe V.R.A. r fl- matches, eo ibat more then forty of enr rengert will rrpreernt Ballarat at the meeting, end'wo hope to bear a good account of their doing! at the bntta. A palnfnl occurrence htppened at the Table Iitnd, Morrlioni, on Setnrdey A little girl fonr yean of age, nim-d Bridget Jane Kane, wae left alone In her pirenU' henee, wh-n ber olathee c.oght fire. Ailetrr of the child arrived home soon aitcrwardt, sod threw water on the fieri; but the little thing was frightfully burned, and only lingered ont a painful life until Mnoday night, when ehe expired At in Irqneat held anbae- qnently on the body, a verdict wai retnrned of " death by shock to the nuvsni ayitem." We stated a few days ago that Mr Joseph Harrtion, engine-driver at tbe No. S Band mod Aiblon Consols, had constructed a model of machine for making rata. Mr Harrison showed m tbii machine yesterday, and we can be.r testi mony to ihe lngeonliy and oompletanrie with which he has carried out hi. task. Mr HatrUon li prepared -to treat with any of our found rymen and engineer, for constructing a maohlne of a elmlUr kind in Iron, infficiaatly powerful to make any description cf cuts required In their bnalnraa. The hon. tba Minister of Lande has resolved on reserving al a State forest the unalienated land lying eaat of the Bnninyong road ami writ of thb railway line. Thli land ii thickly covered with young saplings that la a few yeari would be of oomiderable value to the public. "Alone In the World " li the title of the latest pltce of moalc published end sold by Mr J. Harri son, mnalc-eellrr, of 137 Start street. Both air . snd worde are vary expressive The enbj -ct of the song le a young girl begging for broad sod shelter on the steps of a lordly meoelon during s heavy fall of snow. The front page oontains an excellent piste JUnrtratfre of this pitiable" theme. ' The " ridlpgi " grievance It likely lo be. settled lo BnDgaire a sn early day, aa OonnoIUor OJark bat glvan notice that be will move at next meet ing— "That a committee of the whole council meil Immediately after the present valuation hu been mads and returned, for the purpose of As- -. oldlng upon an equitable division of tbe ahlre Into ridinga, and that the estimates end expenditure for thi current year be made upon each divi sion." With regard to aiubjedmantloned by Oonedllnr Fmllh at the meeting of the Ctty Ccuaotl on Mon day afternoon, we have been nqneeted lo explain that the fee for an in man sea charged by the Government ii 8, fid each, and that any additional charge made In connection with them if made by the council, and net by Ihe Stats. The addition also passes into the council ' fundi. At the Town Police Court yesterday, h'forev Mr An den on, JF , four drtmkarda were deal with and Peter Pontonl, for making use of obtcene language, waa fined 101, In default Im prisonment toe three days. Mr John Patenon applied te the Buugareeahlre Conndl yaterday for a slaughtering license for the yards in the Creawlck road, recently sold by the truatees of thi late Mr Jamea Patenon . The license was grantei. The Bnngareeehlre Oonuoll have reao'ved npon the oonetrnotlon of the unmade portion of the north mala Me-boarue road to the boundary of tbe ahlre at the Moorabool. The "thistle cnlaanoe" will toon be in again, and the Bmgareeihire CannoU have resolved npon taking itrp, at onot to keep down the nuisance in the ahlre eo far ae Ihey here power to ect. Specifications are to be prepared for the catting end eradication of thistles or all reserves, com- laooa, and Crown landa within the ahlre boon darles. The aerrion held al the Eyre Street Primitive Church last Bncdsy, and the fte meeting on Mofidiy, naulted in the handiomis Bum of £50 being obUioad in ldef the trail fund. A complimentary ooQoerk irHl bt giren to Mr J. H. JeBktoe, orgmnftBL of bt. Patrick'. t tbe I ititate, this erroicg An excellent propmsne bn ben drivn up, end tbe eerricee of eomi of onrtsmt mmfcenn cf both isim hero b;on enlUted for the ooculoo. Tbe commtnloairi of the forthcoming Exhibi tion bare completed all thrir arrangement for thfl opening npon tbe ctb November, and tbe fali pro- ffratnme will appear in day ortvo, Tbe 8ydaey Government have promised £8000 Cowards tbe joint Australian annexe. ' We observe that the Cambridge University, local examinations include In the present quarter smocgsl the sew centres, Adelaide, Booth Aos- tralis. Tbe examlaxtion wiU believM the.Ax- pr£u) be held in 'December next. The some rales and zonal aa la lorot ftn &ifland; on to be ob- arrod. ) On Monday evening Ihe Pfrebyteriene of the Haddon diitrict held a te- meeting in tho Chare!) of Kaglsndln thet towo«lip A-ons 100pez«H>» ,et down to the good ihlrg, prov.ded by Mr "MT . ot febatiopol. Afirr tie «W'« were c e»red public mating lock place, which w.i prnlded orer by Mr barmen, of Bnrrombeet, end w.s comm-nc-d V>y iboie pmeenJ elcglog the OH Hnc- dr-dth Pi- Ira, which w»e followed by the «ev Mr Steel rff ring prayer. Addrereee were »«er- warda drllv-red by the chairman and bylhelirvi IoglleTof B.llirat) and Steel (of BarTom'-et). Ihe otj ct.f Ihe gathering wae to ratio fuodi for repairing th- Presbyterian Chmoh at Hvddon. After an amnotng readirg In rather bro»d brotih stvso-by Mr Inrdv. fr&m; GoosrmUhtp, by r Y- nog vo'.ra ol th»cki were prop aed, and hear tily reap ended to. to the truitrea for ttm me ot the bniidlDg, to the ladt who aai!:tfl t. tne ilea Ubl'«, to Mis " Ickner (who presided at loC bar- moclnm), to tbe Chord) of E iglahd choir, to tne Bret. Inglti and Steel, aud to the chairman. The meeting oloacd by Mr Steal pronouncing the bene diction. Mr J. Josephs, clothier, of Bridge street, baa been again ruooeuful In obtaining a coDtruot for . uniform,. This tims It le for the Bmytheadate Eire Brigade, Parisian fashion have long been predominant In Europe, but nntll Utterly no European that we ere aware of "baa mdesrored toFrcnobify the (Mar- eon. Such a proclivity, however, ii juit now dti- playing til elf in Jsngland, aa a gianpe mi tbe nictorUl pipera by the lait mall "howr Tbe tiootoh' ding to the inll beard, bnt tbe English Kin to be die pern log with their hirsute appen d.gea, andoopyHg the French In shaving tee face Clean of ell hut the mouitache. No doubt the re wetl pl«M,4 with this change !n the fuhioni. It ta cheering to find enoh liberal views, aa are oontalnrd in the followlog from yreterd»y'e drpua, expressed by a clergTinan. Our contemporary write!:— "The Bre. A. M. Hendrreon delivered a lecture upon 1 Pobilo Bcncilion: the BUI, ihe Clergy, and the two Houin.' in the Ind-pendent l hnrch. Collins street, on Monday earning. Mr H J Wrixoo. M.L A. pmldent of theyiotorUn Ednoation Iieagne, prealaed. Mr Hen demon "after explaining hli aotion In connection with the re cent ednoationsl conference, prooeeded to txpreaa hli decided approval of the GoT'rntnent nose ore. Ooxnpnlaory eonoation he ooneldered a neo salty In the prceent condition cf the country, and he contend d that areolar Initrnotlon wig mil the Stele w«i called upon to provide for the peep!-, lesrlngao the rallgloal b.disalhe doty of giving rellgloiw instruction. He pointed ont that whi n e large section ol the community — -tb . Bnman Catholic btriy— wai opposed to ths Blb'e brlcg tahght In ecboaia, it would bt nnjnit to force npon th'm e Stat: lyitem ol -education octrarp tothelr canrlctiouti and that, on the oth r hand, the eonntry conld not agree to allow that body the privilege of at'psrate system of lnitm tinn enh- ai)laed by the ritate. A eecotir eyatem, there fore, became a necessity. He expressed the opinion that the Upper Home -would are the wis dem of pawing the b 11, which, el the expression " of popular oon vlctions, man memredly become law | and under Its operation be believed that old ectarlan differences would be burled, mod that ibe ill-re clt1 n' being faceted together, would workTnolttdly In after lire for tbe g-nenii the onnntry. He received a cordial vote of thanks, and the proceeding! terminated with a oollcotlon In aid of several institutions for the ahednnated " The Telegraph eeyi thri some of our larger Oontr,ctore are now buelly engeged making their calculation! prior to sending tn ten den for the erection of the new Government Home. The iCndefi are 10 bd opened on the 11th of November next, and are to b: for bnildiog the structure either with Teemanlan freestone equal in quality lo twp sample! to te seen at tbe Fablic Walks Department, Harconrt granite, Or brick ciminted, like the Melbourne MlnL Altbongh the tendrra will b: orened on the day mentioned, none will be then accepted cnlees Parliament shall bare de cided of wbloh material the vice regal rei'.denoe hall be Dalit, bat they will be held over nntli that deotiton is arrlvrd at. In oonseqaaooe of tire retolatlani passed by the Drglelailve Assembly, that education In Ihe State schools shall not only be compulsory but free to all classes, m petition (saya the Age) hea been pre pared protesting against the Irj na ice to the exist ing rducitloaal establishment! of such proceeding. The movement hu been commenced under the ampicee of the principal schools In Melbourne. Ax -a sample of how Victorian energies in eup- port nf wool-growing are permeating thr B verine territory, the Pastoral Timet lnatarioea Mr Duncan H'Pneiaoa'm operation! at Vankaragm ahed, on h ke Victoria, which formerly beloogrd to Mr Matthew Unrvey. Mr M-Pberaon left eome few years mgo .Cobcmm, on tbe Murray, jail mbove DenUIqaln, to work the shove station, of great oapactiira when improved, but then almost in a tat: cf nature, and ve y partially stocked — now, this eiaaan of 1872 there will b, 70.000 ihrep born there, and sue wool la expected to make up 850 balra A corn, pendent, who has left hi, " news " to the eiev-nth hour, write: — "A lotit), Utersry and mmic.l, vs. held in Ihe D.wilog Forra. tichDOl honm on Thursday, the 17th ioetant, in old ol the building lnnd. The home waa fi.led at an eariy hour with the youth and beauty of the dis trict. The tables, which were moat tsatrfndy laid out and aapptled to aatlif y tbe most f Satf dioni, were presided over by the following ladles, v z : — Mrs and Mile Grey, the Mtssem Bonrchler, the Misses Wl-ktne, and Mleaes Wilson and M'Arthur. After all bad done smple jasttce to the go< d thi gs provided, the tsblee were removed, sod the seels re arraDgrd for the orxt p.rt of Ihe pro gramme. MrJ.B F. Bamsay, correspondent of the school, waa called to the chair: wheo the fol lowing gentlemen gave remdloga io etyl- that did credit io themaelr.a and the district they re- ldeln.vlzi— Mr Kiipstrlck, teacher nf the Mlnere- re,t School; Mr M-Donald, teacher cf the Bald Hllll school) Manser B. Griol, eon of Mr A Grant, teacher of ihe Dow. leg Forest School. A very high compliment was paid by the chairman and Mr K Jpatrlok to Master B Grant for the ex cellent manner lo wblth he read. Tbe ioeliu mental mmldiwaa candBcted by Mr Cox (violin), Mr Fodger (clarionet), sod the Ante by a young man whose name did not traneplre, but whose playing was rxoellenk Messrs Cox, D.affli, and Wllklna aang some excellent aongs. After the Qrnal votes of thanks had been given, It was de cided to wlnd np the event g on the light faDteatia toe, sod partners having been chosen, dancing waa kept np to aneariy boar." The"member of Ihe new Medical Board were formally appointed on Monday, by Ibe Governor In OonncH. Their namro are— Dr M'Orea, chief medloal officer (oh ririn \n)) Dr Barker, Dr Day, Mr Glllbee, Dr Motherwell. Dr Bobertson, Dr Thomas, Dr Tracy, and Dr Yonl. A telegram from Belfast puVtihad In the Argue aye:— "Ths Board of Education has decided In favor of the taaohera,;and again, t Father O'Dowd, m re the Belfast and Tower Hill i oh noli, refusing to diemlao the, teacbera." The following myiterloui paragraph appeare In the Serutige Seining Star of Mooday, Our cuu- t-mporary should explain where the rich etona wu found : — "The cable communication inter rupted, nod this at the very moment when we might have seal home this saagoifloent message as the flret — of far greater interest than any in- t-rchanges of oompUmentx: — A block of seven hundredweight of qusrix uoesrlhrd, one-third to one-half gold,' Three .hundredweight of gold in one mass — £16 000 worth — woo d have startled Don don and the parts thereabout I Barely the Fates have been hard with na." The Dagh'/trd Mertwry eaye: — The following example of aagaotty In a dog is vouched for by the owner, Mr Edwards, and his companion at the time, Mr B J. Boulhwood. While ont lait weak in tbe direction ot Deep Creek ghosting rabbin, the dog suddenly fell Into an bid shaft abonl 30 feet deep. Mr Edwards was at a lose how to rescue, the poor brute, ae he could get nmhlcg near at hand, except a ckthee Una. Aa he wag afraid to trust hie own weight to ao frail a sup port, be made a loop and lowered it In (he bole. To hie delight the animal evidently understood hie object in letting down tbe cord, and hiving placed its forepaws.in the loop, was drawn asfelv op. The Soul A Australian Advertiser writes that moat favorable reports ol the crops In tbe Northern areas are given by persons who have lately travelled th-re It le said that some of the wheat paddock, wili yield SO buahrll to the sore If nothing happens before harvest lo injure the corn. The Ararat Advertiser reports that a sad case occurred at ihe Eueoixtr Mission Station, near Lake Hlodmarsb, among tbe Moravians there. The wife of one of tbe mlrBionerlrs waa confined, and medlnal aid was not called in, the resnlt being the! the unfortunate women died of hemorrhage. It le asld that there instrnctore of tbe natives profess the principles of the " peculiar people" In that they do not, on principle, obtain the services of doctors — depending solely on the efficacy of prayer. : A correspondent at Samoa, writing to the Sydney Morning Herald under date S7lh May l»7i, lays -,-r- 'The German man ol-war the N>mpbe bea been hare, and fl .ed some of th-ohi f, f t their misdeeds -to toe German population hrre r.he remained only a tew days, and then Bailed lor the north. She oame and went very quietly, for all here were led to exprcl that a sort of pro tectorate 'wonld have b-en placed over tbeee islands. I can amy the natives were gladly dis appointed. A few weeka back the natives signed a petition asking America to throw their mantle of protection orer hare, and are now waiting for I their answer." The friend, of the Hon. Bobrrt Tnrobull I (write ' the ASe) will r-gret to b'« that he is e-tU -1 :n a very critical condition. A rro'ct re'nrn, pnb trbrd fn ' tb-t during 1871. p-r.vn. r«W Of Bri. oreased The desib rle fore the J " ridable adv.no. ov-r 1870 l.r.ur ylf bring debited wlrb S86 ki.lrd enl 1SS9 ti jared. Moroon'.m Hill continues lo receive proa-lytes No les« than 690 prrvoca took >belr from Dlverpscl on th- 4 h of Brptemher, by the steamer Mlncein a, f< r U'ab. 