OXTB. LETTEB, BOISE. Parliament being urUl 'op for the holi days,' the political news of the month is almost a blank, bat it mast not be supposed that the 'Ministry of action*' are content quietlyjto pocket their salaries without giving the colonists come fan for the money. Ban queting in the country districts is now tbe order of the day, and at first Mr. Daffy and his colleagues -went in for cheap feasting with the appetite and enthusiasm of so many ama teur Belshazzars. They affected not to see the 'make tekeT traced in mysterious cha racters on the wall, bnt sought consolation in post prandial cheers for the rather rebellions attitude of tbe ' Parliamentary cabals' whom it was necessary to overawe by an appeal to the dinner-ticket suffrage. However, it would teem that the members of the Govern ment are not altogether devoid of misgivings as to their probable fate. They keep one eye on the good things, whilst the other leers un easily towards the hour when they will have to meet the Assembly. ?? So come* ibe reefamiBg- when the b&nqnet;'e o'er. The dreadftil reckoning, and men smile no more.' The ghost ?which interfered with Mr. Daffy's digestion at Creswick was the apparition of M*Cullochism restored to power by an unholy alliance with the merchant princes of Flin ders-lane. He affected to despise the phan tom, and said that his Government were not to be tricked out of office. Me Graham Berry, the Treasurer, when speaking at Ararat, saw danger in another direction. He implored the 120 revellers then before him ' not to allow the Government to be slaugh tered by a renal press' — an appeal which was do doabw wrung from him by the fact that there is not a angle organ of any note now supporting the Ministry. Even the journals which at the out£-t cave a moderate Eapport to Mr. Duffy, so rour.dly abused him for his egotism in ignoring hie colleagues and blowing his ovra trumpet at Creswick, that Mr. Dcffy found the state of his health would not permit his attending the Stawell and Ararat banquets. It was not this time an accident like that nniucky fall from his pony which caused fsuch an injury to his spinal mar row that he was unable to pursue his contest for the Speakership — it was simply exhausted nature worn down by the cares of the State, pleading for that rest and relaxation which ?was oniy to be fonnd in drawing up a policy for the next session. The Stawell demon stration was very nearly a failure, and was characterised by ao amusing sell. Our neigh boars in the Korth-West are great in Easter fetes, and in mummeries got np in the old fashioned style. What with their 'bound- ing bricks,*7 their 'India rubber brothers,'1 their 'men in armour,' and other attrac tioDE, the good people of Ararat and Stawell have obtained a name for getting up a good pageant. The triumphal arches, the brass bauds, the school children with recently washed faces, and the ladies in white muslin with cambric pocket-handkerchiefs to wave, were all placed in position, but the Ministers came not at the appointed hoar. Snddenly, a buggy containing a brace of reporters dashed up, and in spite of all protestations the news paper men received a^perf ect .ovation, and were escorted into town amidst the triumphal bray ing of trumpets and cheering of thousands of people, who, even after the party had reached the hotel, refused to believe otherwise thao that the Press representatives were tbe heaven-bom Ministers they had been taken for. However, the leading men of the dis trict wasted certain concessions, arid there fore next day they tried to put a good face on the affair. Foot members of tbe Ministry turned up from different directions, the feast was eaten, and the people were made happy by the promise of a railway from Ararat, and an undertaking that an obnoxious District Surveyor, who was supposed to be a 'squat- tere' agent/' should be removed. It has been given out that tbe banquet at Castle xnaine which is to follow, will be attended by Mr. Duffy in person, who will take that op portunity of discloEing the future policy of tbe Government. We don't know how'the j ?* Parliamentary cabals' will like to see the budget speech (usually reserved for the As sembly) anticipated at a public dinner, but if Jir. liuffy requires to take a preliminary canter to ascertain which way tbe wind blows, we suppose few vrill grudge him the oppjrtunity. Tiie Border Customs question, whicb, at the date of our last letter, was still unsettled, hs£ since taken a new development. Con trary to general expectation, Earl Belmore, the Governor of J»ew South Wales, thought fit to grant a dissolution to Sir James Martin, in the face of the fact that no sap plies were granted — and ibee'eetiorjE are now en. So far as they have yet proceeded, the country has pronounced against the Ministry. Mr. Martin has been rejected for East Sydney, bat has since found a seat at East ILaequarie ; Mr. Wilson, the Minister for Linus, was defeated by the same consti tuency ; Mr. Windeyer, the SolicitorGene ral, has been rejected for West Sydney, and announces his intention to retire from poli tical life ; Mr. Byrnes, the Minister of Public Works, was thrown out at Parramatta, and placed lowest on the poll Mr. Hoberteon, the Colonial Secretary, is the only member of the Cabinet who has been fincceEefn] in securing his seat on the first attempt, and this fact was partly owing to his avowed disapproval of Mr. Martin's conduct. Mr. Docker, the PoEtmaater-General, has a seat in the Upper Honse, so that the available strength of Ministers who will be in a posi tion to meet Parliament is at present only three — being one less than is required by the Constitution Act. Mr. Lord, the Treasurer, is a candidate for the Bogan, the election for which takes place on the 11th March, and this rriil be the last of tbe Ministerial elec tions, ti7ilp«fl some of the defeated ones try other constitutncieE. Meanwhile the Border duties have been re-impoEed, and a good deal of hardship and *^ic«afrigf»/»Hnn jg the conse quence. Goods can only be taken into Kiverina at certain proclaimed crossing places, a long way distant from each other. Traffic can only be carried on between the hours of ten and four. Victoria has sought to meet the difficulty as far as possible, by the border, but, of course, all broken packages have to pay double duty. The export of wine and tobacco from Riverina ib at an end ; the saw- mills have to shift their quarters across tbe river into Victoria ; the brick-yards have to cease executing Victorian orders ; and a variety of other industries are under a cloud. Indignation meetings have, been held, and the movement for separation has commenced afresh, bnt the people of Birerina, in their perplexity, seem scarcely to have made up their minds what to do. Strange to say, they are just now amusing themselves by i-alring & strong interest in the Parliamen tary elections, and it does not seem to strike them that there is anything incongruous or inconsistent in petitioning Her Majesty for separation from Sydney one day, and in sending members to represent them in Sydney the next day. That earnestness of purpose and boldness of spirit which led Port Phillip to return Earl Grey to represent in the Sydney Parliament the territory which is now the colony of Victoria, is evidently wanting os the banks of the Murray. Pos sibly tbe idea that the duties will soon be taken off, now that the Ministry have fared eo badly at the elections, may have something !-?- do with the apparent want of enthusiasm in the separation canse, bnt the people ought to remember that no permanent settlement of tbe question has ever been contemplated, and that the relief, if granted, will only be tem porary. Altogether politics in the neighbour ing colony of New Sonfch Wales are in a pretty pickle, and in the midstof the muddle, His Excellency .Lord Belmore, who, by the ill-advised step of granting a dissolution, it the cause of all the confusion, sails away to England by the Sobraon. Much virtuous indignation has been ex pended oral the cruise of theBoBario in these waters, and seemingly not without reason. This man-of-war, in her capacity as a member of the British police of the seas, has been visiting a number of islands in Polynesia, and amongst other places touched at, was Santa Cruz, the scene of the recent murder of Bishop Patteson by the natives. The boats were sent ashore, when they were met with ihovFcrs of arrows, whereupon the white man's thunder and lightning was belched forth from the month . of 7-inch Armstrongs, and thirty Datives were killed, the village being also set on fire. One of the Rosano'n men was killed by ? poisoned arrow which represents the loss -on oar side. Now, it is pretty well known from several instances ihat havo come to light, Jthat the animosity of the natives fan been aroused by tbe re peated lriaits of vessels, flailed by courtesy IVjaboor Bohoonere,' bnt in reality slavers. ?Hie nativsB azs -decoyed on board ihesa actoonon. under * p»l*n« «f ^f^ ings, mom-nut* ywns, »* tropical fruits, lor class buds, tookingrgUsseB, wr old Tower ' black-birds ' have been got into the bold, the schooner sets sail for the cotton planta tions owned by British subjects, in Fiji or elsewhere, where tbe farce of 'engaging'' these hnm^B is gone through, and a |»wn»nni paid to the shipper. Few, if any, of tbe islan ders ever get back to their native places, and hence the exasperation of those they have left behind ? a feeling that manifests itself in a determined attempt to oppose the landing of white men, no matter whether they come in the garb of missionaries, traders, or what not. Now, if the Bosario and other British cruisers would direct their energies to the re pression of tie elave-tzade, there would be little to complain of, bnt to allow this unlaw ful traffic to assume its present dimensions, and to shell the Tillages of the poor natives who are simply doing their best to protect themselves from being sold into slavery, favours rather of tyranny and oppression than of those humanitarian doctrines that find vent at Exeter Hall meetings. At the present moment we are anticipating another difficulty, tbe British Consul at Fiji baring sent in all haste for a British man-of-war, he having quarrelled with the constitutional Government set up by King Thakombau. The exact particulars of the eqnabble are unknown at present, bat it seems to be tbe general opinion that England had better accept the sovereignty of these isles, which has been offered her, or else let them alone. Although the end of the Java cable muting Australia to England has been landed at Port Darwin ever since the 1st January, we Ere still without direct telegraphic communi cation with Europe, owing to the difficulties of constructing the overland line from South Australia to the northern coast. Nearly a quarter of a million has been spent by South Australia upon this work, but the thing seems as f&r; from completion as ever. Three of the party have been killed by the natives, and one has died from want of water. Large droves of cattle, sheep, and horses have perished from the drought and heat in the interior, and the obstacles to conveying the stores and material from place to place seem almost insurmountable. When tbe countzy is not parched up by heat, it seems to be deluged with floods, which destroy the work nearly as fast as it can be accomplished, and from the loose nature of the soil, render the country perfectly impassable. Meanwhile, South Australia guarantees to the British and Australian Telegraph Company the in terest on the capital from the 1st January — the period when the Australian land wire was to have been connected with the ocean cable. Tuesday, the 20th February, was observed in the Australian colonies as a day of thanks giving for the recovery of the Prince of Wales. in every city, town, and village, business was suspended, and appropriate services were held in the churches. This is understood to be the same day set apart ic England for a similar rejoicing, and such is the loyalty of the people in these realms, that it is quite safe to say the occasion could not have been more generally commemorated in the old conn try. Mr. Anthony Trollope, who is visiting these parts in search of health and of Date rials for a new book, is being extensively lionised. He has been to Queensland, Kew South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania, and Ifew Zealand, and he is going to 'do' South Australia. Let us hope his future pictures of colonial life may be as graphic as his usual delineations of men and things, eo that be may contribute in some degree to educate the British public out of some of those absurd notions of Australian geography, l'f», and manners, which occasionally startle us in British prints. Shire Councillors have been indulging in high jinks in Melbourne, the local bodies of the country districts having held a grand conference, to consider matters affecting their interests. Theyhave suggested some pressing reforms in the law affecting local government, and have placed on record {their indignant protest at the scurvy treatment they are re ceiving at the hands of the State through the cutting down of the main road subsidies to less than half the amount provided for by the existing law. An effort has been made to obtain a renewal of the endowment, which lapses at the end of 1S73, but how far this is likely to prove successful is not known at present. We also have a railway deputation in town, and a pretty strong one too. One more effort is to be made to induce the Duffy Government to include in their railway pro grame, next session, the line to Hamilton, which was lost through the change of Min istry about nine months ago. Seven or eight other districts are now clamouring for rail ways, and it was thought advisable by our local politicians that Hamilton should take her chance with the rest Judging from the attitude of tbe Ministrytowards the constitu ency of their old opponent, Mr. Macpherson, there is not much to induce people to be very sanguine of the result ; bat at any rate the Samiltonians were determined not to have it thrown in their teeth that they had lost anything for want of asking. Whatever may be the decision of the Government, the ' pink ' line will have to be completed to Hamilton, and tbe cards are not all played out yet. An important meeting of stock-owners has been held at Hamilton during the month. Those present at the meeting held, between them about a million of sheep. Besoluiions were carried expressing an opinion on the amendments required in the law affecting the disease called scab in sheep. It was also re solved to form an association for the protec tion of the members by offering rewards for the discovery of parties stealing any kinds of stock, setting fire to grass, or fences, tc, Further, it was arranged to establish .a 'Bushmen's Home'1 at Hamilton, where shepherds and harvest hands could obtain cheap boarding accommodation away from the temptations of drink, and where em ployers could obtain a supply of labour when required. The opening of the Hamilton Proprietary College is a matter of past history, but daring the month, we have made another step in our educational progress. The Alexandra College, for young ladies, has been successfully started, and is now an accomplished fact. Kb mere fancy or drawing-room education, is being rrnnmnnT'*iM'f«* ni:rhiRfipta^iigh^pn^ although due attention is paid to all the feminine ac complishments. The services of the very best teachers obtainable in the colony have been procured, and with the aid of visiting masters, the pupils can be qualified, if their parents desire it, for the Civil Service and Melbourne University eraminations. It is a sign of the times whin we see young ladies, as a regular thing, taught Latin, Euclid, Algebra, Mathematics, ic., but it must be confessed that, in educational matters, Ham ilton is certainly in advance of the rest of the colony. Pastoral and agricultural news is satis factory. Wool maintains its price, preserved meats are selling well, and M^m*^ is rising in value. The harvest has been a fair one, and is expected to average about eighteen bushels to the acre, which is a very tolerable yield, considering the mode of tillage adopted. The Agricultural Show takes place next montii at Hamilton. The cricket season is well in. Tbe Hamil ton players have had three tnatrli« during the month, and have won them alL The first was against Coleraine, the second against tiie Penshutst Club, and tbe third against a picked eleven from the neighbouring colony of South Australia. Latest dates from England are to January 20th. ^^ 