DOINGS IN PA? '.l0 '. [Fnoti oun ows COnnEScI)N Tr'-T ;"] Si PAIS,: I MAY? ',9. There is nio evideiice that the tail.or qiiestii in this c;ountry can find ?ny other.solntil;n but that whlich restes ?n tile Iprincile otf il- operation. Louis. Blanc would conduct trade'on:the basis of. love in place of comlretition, and, lanquli otii give all t- the artizan n'fdid nothing to the'naster.' There arei:en;ilohra' who pay' thie ci .iiyds fi?ted wages, nid'atthe enid 'of the year lprniit thein to participate in a, fair divideid. of the net prsioits as ei-ll. Then there are co-operative tnides-not nasy=-that work with joint stock" ie'nlations-' Blst neither' of these ide:is I s' l;eeiu ,xtensively practised, if alnost fairly tried ; and; ihen success fitl, the hand in hand union started from the slei-, ilerest contributions of the membcers tihemselves. To aid. the effort with .capital is invariably :the most efficacious way to kill it. Two' evils Heoat the root of this healthy fraternity in Fraance-the want of patience and the introduction' of politics'? It is abstract, not practical lolitics that form the fault in crery strata of French society; as for pai tience to await results, it is a contradictory ele-' meit.' Theru'is not i people 'in' the world inmore industrious than the French ; if not hard, theyarei constant workers: Frci ea'rly mo'rn till ileviy'ev e they keel pegging away ; with light hearts they accotmlish their daily toil, and, however littlenaiiy he the recompense, some traction is always laid by for the 'rainy daiy Eigland divides'hel penny into fourths, France into tenths; the Briton.per-& Isaps takes iro note of the farthings, the Gaul treasures the centimes, knowing that one hundlred of them: tmakes a franc. There is no trade in Paris offers so many.advan tagea ford the success of the co-oplertive principle as that of the bakers; it has-anything but sinll prolits, and certainly its returns ale quick ; it jiwould not have to encounter any guildopposition; 'oice centime or five less in the pound weight of bread eould draw all Paris. But the bakers' will oiit club together ; they are in full'war at present over' night work-of course, divided. The .6,000imeni bers of the co-operation fight as Guelfs and G-hi. belin;es. Like the butchers, the bakers are a very orderly set of men, and eschew politics.' One party desires to finish work before midnight? in stead of then commencing. The Commune by a decree abolished night-work in the bake-hoii?s,amid; out of gratitude' the bakers persisted 'in folloiving tlhe old plan.., Employers are neutral'in the di' pi te; they have" only to keep their' sholis ope From 6 a.m. to 10 p.m., as required by law.. The aen are paid according to the number of laoynavles baked, and since Paisins must have their. fancy hot rolls every morning with. their ei?fia?t lait,' their wishes must be complied with; If, as "it is asserted, the ols, large as well as small, can be so, preserved as to admit of .being baked equally well in the afternoon, the matter can. be easily tested. Freilch breadl is very lighti' almost " savoury" ihen .fresh, but after twelve :horschanges inte something very unpalatable. Dutch harm is used or leavennug, and. wood ever- for cooking, -:The. bakers work in a state of nudity nearly, with the Ghost of kilt; ii this state they will pass into the street, to the" wine-shop to slake their thirst, ir respectivo of weather. Consumption is a tmalady utiknown to them, and they are never allicted with :olds. IIfavinsg exhausted all pretexts for keeping hack the. discussion on the new recruiting project for the army, explaini, plerhals, why :Ministers h ve at last entered itc among the orders of. the day. "'he nation enjoys.a nsh of relief,,as social reila tumnus were suspended likeo 'lahomet's coffin, pen litg the framing of, the nw:rmeasur?e.. Not that' peoelle 'ever exipected "ompulsory military service ioul li lnot beconue -tle lii\v of thellandlbu bt the" unxiety was 'to' have settled the term 'of active service, uanl the. aao aid ,,ioditioiis for entering ypmii it so that th i yot if thle,couetry edub hbe taught a trade or Irofession a.ecordingly One, it must he i!nfessed, is a little fatigiicl nhbile being glad to learn that Mi. Thiers is not now olpostd to' the schenie, o ,that' the debates will not he long. Disdessioni will tirn upon three points : first, to withdraw the right of ,yoe trem soldiers while on 'ctive service and for three mouths after joinig the rescr?c. This will largely correct the ,want'of. dicilplino in the French army, but above all will put an end: to th career of the political general,' whose place is with his men--not in the Assembly, where partizan polities reduces' his influence to a aonentity. :'MaeMahon is 'a more respected than an able soldier, amnd lie is respccted: lecause he keels aloof from politics. The project of liaw ro-, poses- antl time are the sicond and third'i;iunths hat'e.very Freinchma physically qualifeld, should become a soldier at 29, remain five years tinder the lag, then be embodied fit'the reserve or landwehr ti1' 32 yearsild';ind flinally to disappear ?i; the Landaiti' i inithii latIer class only'to hbe called but in case of the country being invaded.- It is to nodify these details that some motiodni are to d:b hosught forwanrd. The great danger is to prevent tile reserve from degenerating into the exploded ?atisnal Guard, and to oetain its serious efici 'deucey. The government retaining the iiliniifitment 'of tile ofiers,ailm.hnt aintaining. effiictive cadres, ought to -secure.ro. t desired efficiency; "In the course of twel.?e, yiLrs France n ill. have a higiily; organ;zed nil.taey force of 1twso niiliodniof'inen devoted, it is to be hoped, to the'.interests, not of tpretendeis or demagogues, lut of France. , General Chati. y;ias rathZier ll iiblied by the ',Asembly for anking it to vote the niew law without sliscussin it; "f "1romet. mail'a. ios t practical speech, but destroyed its iffecty iy'iiin;g it up with theological?slltbitties' and nistiotisof a? special lirovidence. (Gierial Trilchl is irrbliressible ;' he has the facility", Iiut not'the feliiot'of worild.'d tie 1rill not believe the lublic has had enough of hin ; ihe!rumises when this law is passed to retire like Cinomuistou to small farm?ing; bult lie alrcady o?loed e would ne?ueL' eal pitilate sid the Parisians !tbok the joke seriously' that he. wLo lid nev cer ibecome a deiuty, but hai, all tlo sabe: "It is these rosh resolutions, the attiteidinising,: the manufactu r ng of "sablime pihase~;!" to be 'all subseqnently ~enied by acts, that nialke '"nalid niefie i' this cbuntry become lou 'luili -st6°cks ihstead oif guides. ,3[. Thiers was not pleased to hear that the Napoleon legendl was as dead in France, as the eult? of Louis XIV; lie puttlhe Little Corporal in preseas Bleranger did in song. Another legend is also dhul, that of. oans eulotte being able' to iuarch ,,;\ere glory ianits' then'lid tl;het air of theoltarecil. larleIAl without Krisjip cannon. , t JfcGrego, a Tunisian, carried on business at Marseilles s a merchant and commissioa.n-gent. 'lhtec of his fellow:iountryinen, of whidni onie was a ,porter, being in i ant of minoey and position, resolved to kill him. Aware of his weakness .for the fair sex, they induced hiom to come to a 'lonely oat- house, rented for the purpose of the crime, though they induced him to believe he would there emcounter only somne fast women. Twdb'cords of different dimensions--in silk 'and 'henmp-were' piurchased to strangle him, and a life- preserver to finish him. The portoer iiadi his " knot"; . the dece.ase was felled like a bullock, his keys taken, atud'prcetding to' his office, his safe was robbeUd. ?To.pe rid of~th 'body sacks and trunks weroe lur ,chdsi '-lthe trunk 'being too short a esaw was ouught, and the limbs of the. victim cut off. Ultimately two of the nmurdeiers-the porter' backed out after 'having been paid -conveyed the 'body to sea iuon yawl, but on throwing the trunk overboard;'it buirt open and tlgated. htiibscquently a tshmi-boat picked it up, hbut the sailors believed ,it was s "suicide"-of that remirkablo kinid'vwhere thedeceasel has entoff his legs, placedl them on hisbireat, and settles down in a lia . Sitlon; one of 'the murderers, ilcw to Lomln,h ut Ihas1 ince been. brought back the sconi.1, ' Toled'ii,'tacted as mourner at dece.ase's funeral, and the 'porter has joined his employers in the dock. The latter 'ill be guillotined if the excited people do not diecount the sentence. The mostihorrible inipres iton was prlduced in the court by the exhibition of "the tinik, the cords and the life-preserver, as, well as the saw, with the flesh and marrow of the victim clogging up the teeth. SUpwards of 1239: iseparations"' have taken place asiice January last in Paris ; in 34 cases the wife denainded to be liberited~ in" 27 tlie uiotlicitioh' for relief wsi mutual. Since the Dubourg drama. huisbands believe they have a legal rigliht.tohkill their adulterol s wives. 'Eve yesterday a gentle man pursuedl a fmalionably dressed lady along the quays, shouting Adde,"' and commanding her to stop; but Adele ran all the same. On?i'ertaking( her, the man struck her on the head with a leidcd' cane, and only then perceived it was a stranger a'ii1 not his wife he watched and felled. :He hais to' oans?w for an assault. and, the unknown has to aicount to her husband for being where she oinght' not tphave been. i .' ' These'is 'a espledlid' paintinat g iti the' Freanch Exhitlb'ou of pictures of the charge of the Frenic cuirasiers at Wosrth. A colonel 'a :few days aags' astonished the public by brandishitig his cband, aud rj'ing " foraward ! ' Charge:!" nitii rushing toacidalldh'e painting.' He was midd, and has been I eoiince? his :two and only sqnse'ivere killed fat hiraselotte.. iAtl st Daririn hasbeen elected honorary mem heri ofe French Academy of Sciences.. rletas. i hiluertd been voted aside in favor of other.English- . men.e-French saarints not wishing to endorse Dsnu's . hypeothet:el views b.y selecetiug.lhht-sm MIC..?L''Veerier;' tl-e chlebrnvistit stroasnter,his 'I discovered that there is a fractional error in the geoinetrical divisions cf sun dials,. and that thlo.e clicks of Paris are "' too fast," they being regulated by; the famous dial at Montmartre. -,Perhaps. this 'niay.ac~?,ut for the time being out of joint no uiiehlii 'that nieighboitrhood. " i The fashionable ladies are gettilig tired of acetedl pufi--poe.sibly since the duty on them has been, doubled-ar.d now take to a .kind of small white rat for a pet. Ones on each shoulder, during a cauriage drive, is the correct thing. ': everal bird-merchntts, unaldo- to demonstrato to their paerrts the iillmroiiluety' of now shoutiii, Vire pl'Eiercurl have sent a casignmentt'of the q rellels to Brazil. ' ' . i ?liSce the neiw postal treaty with Germany, Parishian jouritls 'are saking great elforts to Ilfod Alaiece &i;:, with "sage advice." , t s toe taking 'of hit, that is tsnother thing'; the A ,liatians have' b'uo Hobson's' clhoice nfortunately... , . _ 