' LITTLE BITS OF GIRLS. (From Judv.l We have bad a great deal -of trouble with out nurses. ... Though, baby isn't. quite six months old os , ydt, it has' gone through" nearly as many ' handstas a worn-out .sixpence. . . . , . \- 'We have had steady elderly women who , dr.ihk. We nave bad persons we might rely on who pocketed things. We had an elderly spin- stet tvith theories, most of them of a fatal ten-. ' dency if adopted; We have had a iniddle-aged party with principles, who would only sing baby to sleep -. witli a liymn tune on a Sunday, and baby wouldn't go to sleep with it. And we have had a young baby with no principles, who brought baby home smelling "of tobacco smoke, and: we are nbw going through a course of juve nile attendants with various alarming results. It is Rose Anna who calls them little bits of girls ; but those youthful domestics, though small, ave not fragmentary. We get them from the shops rouhd" the corner, and they' are sup posed to do. for , us until we can get'something permanent/ As long as they do not do for a baby in a literal sense, I don't mind ; but I have my doubts upon the subject. We have had several now, and it becomes difficult to remember their names. I treat them therefore numerically. We are at present at No. 9.- ' I am work in my study this afternoon, and I hoar bumps. I try and', account' for the bumps. It is not furniture. What is it? I go out in the passage to see. Juvenile do mestic No. 9 has slipped her foot, bringing baby downstairs, and had done the journey at- last seated, with a series of Bhocks, a step at a time. : I am waiting for my|dinner, and am disturbed by a peculiar smell. .; Igo forth, and- sniff upon the stairs. It is not the meat being scorched. It is not a cinder in the pan. It is not the kettle boiling over. Inquiry proves it to be juvenile domestic No. 9, who, while nursing baby to sleep, has dropped off to sleep herself, and put her head into the candle. Iam-having my nap after dinner, and awake with a start from a dream of burglars, to hear a strange droning voice in the room above. I ascend the stairs on tiptoe, and find find No. 9 reading, in sepulchral tones, to cook and baby the adventures of a dashing highwayman, as published at a penny, with alarming cuts. This is not what; as a father, I particularly approve of ; but the reflection that baby can't understand a single word of it .to some extent relieves my mind as regards the possible prejudicial effects of SUch a course of literature. But I have reason to. believe that what happens indoors' is nothing to what happens when No. 9 takes baby out. I have it upon un doubted authority, that baby has followed a performing monkey, for upwards of three miles. I feel morally certain tint she is constantly . one of the front row. at a low street exhibition of Punch, and Judy (an ignoble libel upon your domestic life, deaf Madam, which ought to have been put a stop to long ago) ; and I burn with indignation when I reflect that baby has been home to No. 9's mother's, and has had a ride on the mangle. All this, though it may scorn trifling to the frivolous and depraved, is hard for baby's parents to bear: and-, so. wo have determined to part with No; 9, and see what No. 10 will be like, "I pause here, and tremble as I think of the very probable fnturo in Btore for iny unhappy" infant. s.-.. -.' - - ' The - Herald, says that Mr F. L. Smyth has been offered; and accepted the Crown Prose- cutorship, i vacated by Mr Dunne. A New Sontli -Wales . paper, the Cumberland Mercury, devotes an article to tho " Liverpool road ghost." It appears that in the month of May, 1862, a pedlar was murdered at a certain part of tho Liverpool' 'road, near the junction of .the Dogtrap and Sydney roads, to .which point the body wus dragged. The murderor has never been- arrestedj/ and liumeroua accidents have from time to time occurred at tho preoise spot where' the miiliiated remains of the pedlar were discovered. It is a strange fact that not a few of . the quietest horses in the district have taken fright at this spot, and in some instances serious accidents have been the result." Several in stances are then quoted of accidents from horses and frights to human .fadings at this place, and' the Mercury concludes : — "To write seriously,: however, it is strange that so many accidents should have occurred at one particular part of the Liverpool road. - Tho cause, however, must' be looked for, nnt-in the supernatural, but in the natural state of things." 