RAVENSWOOD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) December 4. THE weather continues so broken that we are inclined to think it an early vet season. Our Northern bugbear, the Burdekin, has been up and down lately, as an intimation of what just can be done in that way, and we are nearing the season which annually leaves its tracks in drowned travellers. They give us London statistics of the victims to furious driving ; what about the "found drowned" and "drowned while attempting to cross " ir«ms which might be gathered from the various local papers ? It would be a startling list Now, should any of tbe law-abiding citizens of Bavenswood be thus carried away bodily in attempting to reach, aay, the Post-office, Court-house, or other buildings which are separated from the principal business portion of the town by Elphinstone Creek, on whose chest would their ghosts sit heavily—the Government or the Townsville men ? It really does seem hard that a place which has returned such a handsome revenue as this, and with so little expense in collecting, should have a dangerous and unsightly gap left in its main street, after so many promises. But it will be doubtless there some day, this Government bridge, and even a water reserve, and some other bless ings which fall to the lot of pet places. At preaent many are our wants. Now, there is the cemetery: Ido not pretend to say whose duty it is to look after it, fence it, and make it decent, but there can be no doubt of its present very disgraceful state. The graves are scattered broadcast or in irregular lines, and the rude ironbark fences of the sainted Celestials elbow the few white railed enclosures of our towns people, while the whole are unfenced, the newly turned earth being a favorite bedding-place for stray oows • and occasionally this " God's acre " haa resounded with the yells of the blacks in their midnight orgies. There has been some what of a jog-trot irreverence in the style of some of our funerals, too, which might be aaended. Men do not trouble na much more when it comes to this, and we might " lay them down tenderly." One poor fellow, named James Britton, this week left his work well at night and waa next morning found dead in his bed, and that evening covered over. He waa a hatter, and out of reach of help in hia laat hours. Disease of the heart is supposed to have been the cause.—[A "hatter, in mining phraseology, signifies a man who works by him self, without mates.—Ed.] The District Court, or rather the constant miscarriage of justice for want of it, is another thing which cannot be too earnestly growled about. I see the coast papers are very severe on the subject, and well they may be, for certainly sinoe Judge Innes left there has been nothing but hurry and scramble and general dissatisfaction. Just a few houra' rush, and jurymen, witnesses, and litigants, after weeks of patient waiting, were sent off about their business. Bills were not filed in cases where everybody on the spot felt certain of the guilt; oases postponed till next seaaion on tech nical grounds; the jury snubbed, and nobody satisfied except the criminals, who unexpectedly found themselves at large, and no doubt appre ciated the " liberty of the subject" thus accorded them. Bat if this is felt in the ports, what about we inlanders, who add to these sorrows a long journey, and total and expensive absence from business, a"d in some cases for a month ? Surely a Resident District Judge might be allowed for the Kennedy. With a Court sitting here he would find enough work, from Port Mackay northwards, to keep him going, and the losers of horses, and people otherwise robbed, would be relieved from the obligation to put up with their losses, and the " liberty of the aubiect" would cease to be liberty to commit crime with impunity. Some of our townsfolk are to-night feasting Mr. Hishon on the occasion of his leaving for the Towers. As a rule, these affairs are clap traps, but in the present instance the recipient of the honor deserved it well; not only aa one of the first on the field in business and as having been liberal and public-spirited, but aa a perse vering plucky digger himself in other fields; one who has gone through the vicissitudes ot diggmga life, and suede many friende, I need aay nothing of the Towers, as I see you have a correspondent there. In mining matters there is but little to report here, except that some of our good reefs still hold their own, as you will see by the crushings of the Donny brook ; the Trieste also promising well by their report. There has been a small rush to the Kirk River, and some gold bas come in, nothing startling as yet, but enough to cause a thorough overhaul of a likely locality. Except in such rushes, and some few reefs which may be taken up after the wet season, we do not look for much change till the pans are fully at work, or some company started. We have a few quiet, comfortable looking Victorians on the field who will be beard of yet, and if a prospect out of some casks of burnt mundic blanketings I saw the other day at tbe Vulcan machine be any guide as to richness, there will be fortunes made ia quiet-going Ravenswood yet. Bishop Quinn left here on Monday, several members of the Roman Catholic Church accom panying him a few miles on the road. I am told that he made a severe onslaught against shanties, miscalled " hotels;" and expressed not only his distaste for public-house keeping which went beyond the real requirements of town and country, but his willingness to prac tically helping any who wished to emancipate themselves from what he called a " degrading occupation." I heard of a Protestant Boniface who was present going home in quite an excited state of mind at euch uncompromising truth. More power to the bishop, say I ; for let any one walk our afreets, and not only will he see the supply of publics far in exce*s of the demand, but that more than one should be stamped out to make the trade respectable. But not being a bishop, I won't preach. 