RANDOM NOTES BY A WANDERING REPORTER. WATTLE FLAT. WATTLE FLAT is the general name given to the high table-land on the summits of the heavy range which divides the waters of the Turon from those of Mac- quarie, and which, starting from a spur of the crown ridge, comes to a conclusion at the point of junction of these two rivers, about a mile below the foot of Hawkins Hill. It stands some 1100 feet above the level of the Turon, and is reached from Sofala by the main Bathurst road, which has been well made throughout the whole ascent. The same thing may be said of the approach north, from Bathurst, which is up Wyagden Hill, that terror to all travellers in the olden time, though now made and metalled, and the heavy rise smoothed down somewhat by zigzags, though not to the extent that might have been done. As this locality has lately been occupying a great deal of public attention, and as a very large number of leases have been taken up on it - over 300 have been issued in Sofala alone - I will try and give your readers as near an idea of the position of the various spots they will hear mentioned, as can be done in manuscript. Starting from the Turon River, I may say that the general course of that river, leaving out the numerous bends and turns caused by the massive mountains which hem it in, is very nearly from east to west Wattle Flat thus lies on the southern bank of the stream. The road to Bathurst, starting from nearly the eastern end of Sofala, runs nearly due south, through the Flat to Wyagden, having the great bulk of the workings on its eastern side. At this part of the Turon, the bulk of its tributaries come in from the southern side, draining the table-land I have men- tioned. On the northern side the country is more broken up, the tributaries are unimportant until the Crudine is reached, some three miles below Sofala. This stream to a great extent drains the northern, and thus accounts for the absence of împortant creeks. None of these have been rich in gold, the main finds on the north bank of the Turon having been made on points and flats of the river itself, and very little in the tributaries. The same thing may be said with regard to quartz reefs, very few having been dis- covered on the northern bank, whilst of these none have yet been found sufiiciently rich to tempt the miners to work them. Some few weeks ago there was some excitement caused by the opening of a reef at the Crudine, but this after having been tested for some time has now been deserted. Dismissing the northern side of the river, I now come to its southern bank, and the numerous tributa- ries which flow from it into the Turon, all of which, have been remarkably rich in gold. Taking the eastern side of the road, or the left going from Sofala to Bathurst, we first come to Little Oakey Creek, then follow Big Oakey Creek, Pennyweight Creek, and Nuggetty Creek, with numerous others which it is unnccessary to name, until Palmer's Oakey is reached, at a distance of about fourteen miles. Lîttle Oakey has but a small water shed to drain, since it only takes its rise from a little above Surface Hill, and a small portion of country west of it Surface Hill was, I believe, one of the first places worked for alluvial on Wattle Flat. The gold was traced up by miners from the river and Little Oakey, until the rich surfacing on the mount in question was encoun- tered. The yield here was more than ordinarily large, as much as 30 oz. to the tub being washed of heavy reef gold, mixed with specimens. Since it was first worked that hill has been re-worked, the ground has afterwards been sluiced, and after that again the whole mulloch and everything else has been puddled. When no more could be done with it in the shape of alluvial working, the ground was taken up for reefing purposes, and in every shaft that has been sunk upon it as yet numerous small leaders, all rich in gold, have been encountered. These leaders are very narrow, some of them no thicker than a penknife blade, whilst others run out to one and two inches, but all, even to the thinnest, showing signs of gold In addition to Surface Hill, there is another hill, of which I did not learn the name, on the western side of Little Oakey, and just off the main road, before the last rise in the hill is reached, where a party of prospectors have struck a very good reef, which has given them a good prospect. Big Oakey Creek is perhaps the most important stream which comes down from Wattle Flat, since it drains the larger portion of its area, by the Solitary Creek to the west and the Bullock Flat Creek to the east. From the Turon River up to the fall from the table-land, this creek has been worked over and over again for alluvial. At its mouth there was a very large extent of rich alluvial working, and this was followed upwards wherever any depth of soil settled, either on the river banks or on the hill sides. Some very good races were cut here, and a great many of the heavy banks have been washed away by ground sluicing. Even to this day there are parties of Chinamen sluicing such of the made ground at the foot of the hills as has been un- disturbed by Europeans, Riley's Creek is the first feeder of any consequence coming into Big Oakey on the east from the northern side of Uncle Tom's Hill. Spring Creek next comes into it, between Uncle Tom's Hill and Casey's Hill, and then a short dis- tance further north it reaches the table-land, and forks into the Solitary Creek west, and the Bullock Flat Creek last, just below Specimen Hill. Uncle Tom's Hill is rich in reefs and has been worked to a very considerable extent, though none of the sinking has been deep. Some of the crushings gave 3 oz. and 4 oz., but the average has been rather more than on ounce to the ton. Several leases have been taken up here, not only on the old lines of reef, but also on veins which have been encountered in prospecting. Almost opposite Uncle Tom's Hill, on the west side of Big Oakey, is Campbell's Hill. This has been a good deal worked, though the work has been rather in the nature of fossicking than mining, and the veins have been skimmed over from the surface to a distance of not more than thirty feet into the hill. The pecu- liarity here is that the veins of which about a dozen have been actually traced and worked on the northern face of the hill, lie nearly flat, with so small a dip east as to be only a degree or so of the horizontal. The stone has been proved to be very rich, the return of crushings from something over 50 tons at Camp- bell's machine being within a trifle of 5 oz. to the ton. A large reef 30 inches wide runs along the upper part of the ridge, the lost crushing from it re- corded in your paper giving 6 oz. 9 dwts. per ton for 18 tons. The stone crushed altogether from Camp- bell's Hill has given a general average of 3½ oz. to the ton. Here the whole of the ground extending across from the creek to the paddock at the back of Yard's public-house has been taken up in leases. Casey's Hill, on the opposite or eastern side of Big Oakey, has also been fully proved, having been, worked some three or four years ago, the average yield from crushings being 3½ oz. to the ton. You may very naturally ask why, if the yield were so good, the work was not continued? There were several reasons for this. In the first place, as I have pointed out in former articles, the miners were only working men with very small means, and when they got on a reef they were compelled to follow it down on the underlay in order to get a return for their labour as quickly as possible. In nine cases out of ten, they commenced in debt, the storekeepers ad- vancing them ratioins, tools, powder, fuse, &c.;, until a crushing could be had. Following a reef down on the underlay is not by any means a profitable mode of working, since a great deal of labour is necessarily thrown away. Besides this, the miner never knows what he has in the ground beyond the particular reef he is working. Being a long and profitless way of working, stone cannot be got out in sufficient quantities to pay, unless it be very rich, and thus the miner gets into arrears, and the engine owner is half his time idle, gradually gets discontented, and ultimately shifts away to some more promising spot. Added to this is the circumstance that the men being pressed for means cannot afford to tackle poor stone, so that the moment the colour of gold is lost in the stone they drop sinking and go on breaking down in the line of the run of good stone. These facts account for the desertion of reefs which in very many cases would pay handsomely under good management, and also explain the cause for the slipshod, way of working, or rather rooting up, of the ground on the main lines of reef in this and other districts. As this brings me up to the junction of the Solitary and Bullock Flat creek, each of which will require a pretty long description, I shall leave them for my next. The moral of Mr. Tennyson's poem, " The Holy Grail," is self-denial. You have in it a picture of brave men going forth from festive boards and mirth- ful circumstances to encounter, for a religious object, the greatest external hardships. There is an element of romance in this noble conduct which seems to strike on electricity through our veins, and to inspire us with a desire to imitate it ; but it is to the principle which lies within it that we have chiefly to look. We need not to go forth in knightly armour, with sword and spear, to enter moonlit ca- verns rank with the breath of ghosts, and giving back in terrible echoes the thunder of the heavens, to obtain the cup of blessing. We shall find it within, ourselves when the demons which lie in the form of a serpent in our lower nature have been, silenced by the slow process of starvation. He is the greatest conqueror who conquers himself. 