NEWS GLEANINGS. ^BpSKS AND Scaide—Taw subjoined letter wanlately received by the Committee of the *** referred to the medical' staff. With all due humility and submission *2ElM?5 ^y heg permission to offer to yofo and scalds, which from my personal knowledge experience I -can pronounce to be almost infallible if. applied immediately after the occurrence. Should the whole body be burned or scalded ever so severely, by entirely covering the same with common table-salt coarse or fine, taking special care that the whole of the Injured parts are well covered, the fire heat will be extracted, and the intense pain will cease in the space of from two to three hours. The salt must remain on the patient for several hours after the jpaln-has ceased in order to prevent; the ekin from peeling off,, end also .to prevent the flesh from being scarred. People living in the trash, far away from medical aid, will, I" am sure, be 'thankful to hear this remedy, which doubtless will bethe means of saving many a precious life. (Signed) Catherine Dickens." . The Latest Ghost Story.—Many tales about warlocks and sprites; have not a better founda tion than the following, extracted from the I -Mflanff correspondence of the Strathalbyn paper. The writer says:—" I will just mention | 9?® circumstance which happened the other I fh£ht, or rather morning, and which, as our I immortal poet ■ says—' Is just as true as the | j -deil s in »* hut you know the rest. As one ' of our worthy neighbour farmers was wending his way home, after havingenjoyed himself with a few old cronies at Host ——s; but I must not tell everything, or you will know .too much. Well, be was ' na fu',' hut just had 'plenty,' and at a very lonely part of the road he was startled by hearing something like the clanking of chains or the jingle of cracked hells, he was not sure which; hut presently he was more alanned at seeing approaching him a form which, as he- says, was 'like neither beast nor body, he was sure nothing human could appear in that shape.. Xt made his hair—what mere was. of it-—stand on end, and hia eyes were almost starting from their sockets as the appa rition _ stalked _ almost up to him.. Pear or curiosity, we will not say which, kept our friend stationary, whilst the ghost or goblin com menced walking round and round him, coming closer every moment. At last the poor mustered courage to ejaculate, 'Who or what axe you?' The reply came in very unsteady tones and broken English—Tm Jack, de ostler; who you The relief of the poor farmer may be better imagined than described when he dis covered it to be. only a mortal like himself, who had imbibed rather freely at a ' pub' not a hun dred miles from here, and some one, thinking to play a trick on poor Jack, took the saddle and bridle off his horse and turned the horse adrift; but Jack had good pluck; and, not caring to stay in such company, took the saddle on his head, and tramped to the music of the clanking stirrups." Tichborniana.—A statement has been made in many English papers, particularlv the Daily Hews and Morning Post, that the "Melbourne Police had a warrant for the apprehension of Arthur Orion on a charge of murder, committed in the hush near Melbourne, and that officers were in London with the warrant, but it was not their _ intention to put it into force until the identification of Arthur Ortou with the claimant had been satisfactorily proved. The Melbourne Hen-aid lately remarked:—"This is certainly not the least sensational statement made regarding the claimant to these estates, hut it is evi dently one for the delectation of the gobemouches. We are assured onenquiry that the Melbourne police know nothing of any such warrant, and that the only docment of that nature held by them is one issued by Mr. John Casey, the Police Magistrate at Sale, against Arthur Orton, -for horse-stealing. This warrant was issued in 1859, and the police have reason to think that there was no horse-stealing in the case, but that the man used the horse only—a very common thing in the colony in those days, and at the present time for that part of it. Nor are they at all certain that the Tichborne Arthur Orton is the man they sought in connection with this warrant; but,^ from certain circumstances, are. inclined to think that the Wapping butcher and the hcrse-stealer are two distinct personages." A Hustings Poser.—At the political contest for. East Moreton, Queensland, an intelligent elector with just a taste of a brogue asked Mr. Cribb very seriously whether he was in favour of "a man marrying his widow's aster." Mr. Cribb seemed staggered by the question, and did not answer at first, whereupon the ques tioner waxed more earnest and emphatic, in sisting upon having a straightforward reply. The roars of laughter that followed the second putting of the question saved the candidate the trouble of explaining his view. Alleged Abuse of Ministerial Patronage. —Amongst the varied incidents of Thursday's debate in the Legislative Assembly which excited hon." members .and lent interest to the proceedings, none (says the Aiyus) produced a greater impression or a more startling sensation than the serious charge brought by Mr. Garratt against the Treasurer In connection with the appointment of his father-in-law as pay master. It has been generally admitted that the appointment was highly improper, but Mr. Garratt placed it in another aspect altogether. The Son. member characterized it as the most corrupt ever made' by any Government in Victoria, and said that if the whole of the facts of the case, were-known, they would for ever _ condemn the. Treasurer to political oblivion, and show that the. appointment was the reward of ' downright infamy.' Of course this statement was immediately challenged. Mr. Berry had left the Chamber a few minutes before it was made, and Mr. Vale objected to such remarks being uttered in the absence of his colleague. After some rather excited conversation, Mr. Garratt — as the time for adjournment for refreshment was very near agreed to postpone any farther remarks until after the refreshment hour, in order that the Treasurer might be present. On the reas sembling of the House, Mr. Garratt repeated his statement, and said that after very mature deliberation he could neither retract nor modify it. Mr. Bern' characterized the accusation as infamous. Mr. Garratt offered at ouce to state the whole of the circumstances which had come to his knowledge, and which justified his accu sation; but, after some discussion, it was agreed that the matter should be referred to a Select Committee, such Committee to report to the House on Tuesday next. The Select Committee, consisting of Messrs. Macgregor, McPherson, Wrixon, Robertson, and Colonel Champ, was subsequently appointed. It is understood that the threatened disclosures have reference to Mr. Berry's domestic relations. The Famine m Persia.—The Australian Israelite of May 10 gives the following dreadful details of the sufferings endured in the above named country:—"The famine in Persia is growing more and more terrible. The latest accounts are really too dreadful to contemplate. The Board of Deputies has received a letter from Mr. Hammond, the Under Secretary ef State for Foreign Affairs, enclosing despatches received from the British Minister in Persia, in which was enclosed an account of the famine from Mr. Baker, a gentleman connected with the telegraph department. Mr. Baker reports that he found 'many starving persons surround ing a dead camel and eating the flesh raw, as also that of many carcases of mules and donkeys.' There seemed to be a little supply of bread, but no money wherewith to purchase it-. There also seemed to he a diminifthod quantity of seed sown, so that the effect of the famine would, most likely, last much longer. From another source we hear that ♦ the people in the villages eat the grass when they can get it, and at the slaughterhouses every drop of blood is lapped up or carried away by the starving poor. In my last I informed you that Sir Moses Montefiore contemplated a visit to Persia, in order that he might assure himself of the actual state of. affairs there. The heroism of such an act can only be measured by old men, for the great philanthropist is now nearly ninety years of age; and how many men of that age are there who can journey even from one street to another ? We all felt here that we would rather he did not go, but all his preparations were made, and he was bent on the journey. Fortunately ho had to apply to the Foreign Office for papers, when Mr, Hammond strongly dissuaded him from carrying out his intention. To a young man such a journey at the present time of the year would be attended with considerable risk and danger, bat to a man of Sir Moses'years it was almost certain to be fatal. Eail Granville also strongly urged Rim to abandon the journey. In consequence of these representations the venerable baronet has not felt himself justified in fulfilling his inten tion, and the journey lias therefore been relin quished. The snhscription-list up to the present time amounts to about £12,000, the contributions coming in from all parts of the world. From one small place in East Prussia, called Lyck, a considerable sum of money has been sent by Herr Sfiberman, the editor of the Hamagid, a small Hebrew publication. Herr Silberman has already made eight collections for the cause, the last amounting to nearly £300. Is there any help forthcoming from Australia?" We understand that a considerable collection,' having regard to their-numbers, has been made by the Jews of South Australia for the relief of the sufferers; and H is probable that many other religious communions, when they know the urgency of the case, may be willing to b>ud a helping hand. newly-appointed Secreteiy to the Agent-General, is a question which Tim been frequently asked, aid "which Mr." Duffy's meagre reply to Mr. Garrat has not satffifiedT^ffliev Jlryrts - therefore nays; let that gentlemanistep forward and speak for himself.' " Turning over • an Old file of the JVaton, we find from the' report of a banquet given in September, 1853, at New Ross, in honour of the independent Irish ■party, at which Mr. Duffy was a distinguished guest, that Mr. Hoey, in responding to the toast ef ' The Irish People,' after fervid refe rences to a superb charge of the insurgent peasantry in '98, which routed the King's trodps, gave the following autobiographical de tails:—'I have some right to share these memories with you, my friends. I, too, boast of rebel blood, anffam proud to bear the names of two ancestors, one of whom died in the Crom wellian wars, and another upon the gallows of Drogheda in '98—prouder, ay, ten million times prouder than if the blood which they shed had _ floated down to me a duke's coronet upon its tide.' These old banquet reports are rather amusing by the light of recent events. Mr. Duffy ana his friends, it seems, were always met by a brass band, on the same system that has been carried out during the recess just closed, and the many columned speeches are distinguished by the familiar flights of fancy and the well-known plenitude of poetical quotation. And all these Irish demonstrations, to complete the parallel, ended as the famous Ministerial progresses are about to end—in smoke. On June 7,1851, whilst Mr. Gashel Hoey was editor of the dilation, an article appeared attacking the Queen with refe rence to a military spectacle. That article j says:—* Her hand was laid as heavy on Ireland, j as cruelly and unrelentingly as if the iron muscles of Cromwell had wielded the truncheon . of sovereignty. Ireland lies in ruins at her footstool. And should she, then, lift up her voice and hands in the tones and gestures of thankfulness and joy? Oh! this coward and canting litany of loyalty and love for England, how it shocks conscience—how it outrages truth—how it mocks humanity—how it offends God.'" Sooth Australian Gold. — The Ballarat Courier says "that Mr. B. H. Serjeant met the projectors of the Port Darwin Pioneer Com pany on Monday night, at Craig's Hotel, and laid before them the result of enquiries in Adelaide. The description given of the country and of its resources—particularly of its auri ferous riches—were very satisfactory; while his description of the suddenness and extent of the floods in all the creeks and rivers savoured of the marvellous. A Colonization Company for developing the gold resources of the country, for the purpose of attracting a large population to settle permanently on its lands—the scheme projected by Mr. Main, if slightly modified— would be liberally supported, Mr. Seijeant said, in South Australia; and one or two of the gentlemen -present said they were certain it would be liberally supported in this and the other colonies. But as there is no land to be got there except on the old land-orders, or for pastoral purposes only, and. the latter only on lease after it has been stocked, it was deemed advisable to delay taking any action until tbe new Land Bill for disposing of the lands of the Northern Territory is passed by the South Australian Parliament, which it is expected will be within three or four weeks. Mr/McKinlay, the explorer, has offered his services to the Company, and speaks highly of the country he has seen there. Some verypretty photographic views, of the Roper and Hodgson Rivers were exhibited, also some beautiful .shells and some seeds, and maps of the coast, telegraph line, .&c.; Queensland National Bane, Limited.—We \ learn from the Brisbane Courier that an extraor dinary general meeting of the members of the new Bank was held in the Chamber of Com- i merce, Town Hall, on Wednesday fortnight, for the purpose of electing three Directors. There was a large attendance, the room being nearly filled. Mr. F. O. Darvall was voted to chair, and the proceedings were of a somewhat lively description. The Chairman, in en tering into various explanatory details con gratulated the colony upon the prospect of . having a Bank of its own. He remarked that the General Manager Mr. Druiy, was a gentleman of known banking experience ; that the .new ; Bank was not a pretext, as- some, people- had asserted, but was intended to fill what had been , recognised as a public want. A large proportion of the money had been subscribed in Queens- ' land, many or the shareholders were Queensland ! residents, and the Provisional Directors had j to take into consideration the best mode of' allotting the sares, so as to prevent Queens land being swamped by New South Wales. It was decided to divide the shares equally, giving j 12,500 shares to each of the two colonies, i Queensland residents not being permitted to share in the New South Wales allotment, j and vice versa. At that tame no provision had been made for applications from Melbourne and Adelaide. The Chairman then read the follow ing summary of applications for shares:— Queensland—11,530 applications, ail allotted ; 147 sharehold ers;295votes. Queensland (treated as foreign, 19,750 applications, all rejected. Sydney—59,152 applications, 12,508 allotted; 46,652 rejected;86shareholders;226votes. Vic toria—5,645 applications, 1,881 allotted;3,764re jected; 2lshareholders, 45 votes. South Australia —1,246 applications, 415 allotted; 831 rejected; 1 15 shareholders; 17 votes. Totals—97,323 appli cations ; 26,326 allotted ; 70,997 rejected ; 209 shareholders; 583 votes." The following gentle- i men had notified their intention of becoming candidates for the office of director—Captain W. Townsend, and Messrs. F. H. Hart, J. Brainstem, A. B. Buchanan, W. D. Box, A. Holland, and F. O. Darvall. On a ballot being taken it resulted in the election of Mr. F. H. Hart, Mr. A. B. Buchanan, and Mr. J. Brain stem. A Bishop Assaulted. — At a meeting in Exeter to support the Permissive Bill about 1,800 persons were present. Bishop Temple presided, and, amidst the utmost confusion, declared that it was time ■ that some such measure should become law. His Lordship was greeted with the most offensive epithets, and the mob charged the platform. Severe fighting took place. One person had bin ribs broken, and several others were wounded. The police were called in, and five partisans were removed. The Bishop said it was plain that all the friends of temperance should rally and forget their differences. It was clear the battle in Parlia ment would be hard, and that, do what they would, the promoters of temperance would not be able to do too much. Mr. G. O. Trevelyan, M.P., and Sir W. Lawson, M.P., attempted to speak, but were rendered almost inaudible by the mob singing, hooting, and yelling. Reso lutions in favour of the Bill "were carried in dumb show. On the Bishop declaring one adopted; a bag of flour was flung, covering him and Sir Wilfrid Lawson. The meeting broke up in great confusion, the police at last clearing . the hall. _ Usury. — Money-lenders who exact extor tionate rates of interest from the necessitous seldom get much sympathy if they ever need it, and certainly a Sydney usurer who lately appeared in a law case cannot have raised him self in public estimation by the disclosure of the following facts:—Planfiff lent £3 at Hiffgronf. times and received £3 15s., which sum he said was not in payment of the debt, but as interest, which interest he alleged defendant had agreed to pay at the rate of 650 per cent The verdict was for the defendant, and Shylock left the Court mourning his loss. Old Standing - Orders of the House of Commons.—Some of the "rules" given below, which came into operation in 1614, are curious. That this House shall sit every day at 7 o'clock Ordered, that whosoever standeth in the entry of the House pay Is. presently to the Serjeant. 1641. Ordered, that all the members who shall come to the House after 8 o'clock shall pay Is., and that if any member shall forbear to come for the whole day he shall pay 5s., to be disposed of as the House shall think fit, and the Serjeant is to gather in the money. 1642. Ordered, that who soever shall not be at prayers eveiy morning shall pay Is. to the poor—a box to be prepared and set up at the door for this purpose, and the burgesses of Westminster are to take care that the money be duly paid. 1647. Ordered, that so soon as the clock strikes 12 Mr. Speaker do go out of the chair, and the House shall rise; and that in going forth no member shall stir until Mr. Speaker do go before, and then all the rest shall follow. Whoso ever shall go out of the House before Mr. Speaker shall forfeit 10s., but that the reporters may go first. Ordered, that while any stranger is in the House, no member to stir out of his place or to speak unto another; and if any member shall whisper, or cross the House, or read any printed book in the House, he shall pay Is. into the poor-box. 1697. That no member do accept of any entertainment at any" public house for the carrying on any matter under the consideration of the House; and that the offers of any money orgratuityto any member for matters transacted in the House shall be deemed a high crime and misdemeanour. Ordered, that no member ought to receive or give any visit to any foreign agent or ambassador without the leave and consent of the Honse. Ordered, that no member have leave to go into the countiy without limiting -a time when he is to return: 1693\. Ordered, that mo member of the Honse do presume to smoke tahacco in the gallery, or at the table of the House, sitting at Com mittee.: .' • 