POLITICAL OR NOT X ( From the Irishman .) In these days, when it is being said, by way of pretext, that the remnant of the State prisoners are not political captives, it may be well to remind people of some facts. These prisoners, at the time of their capture, were emphatically declared to be political offenders by the English press. The Times wrote of them as such. Both that paper and the Saturday Review have repeatedly declared that the bulwarks of the Establishment were shaken down by the " petroleum of Clerkenwell," and the attack on the prison-van at Manchester. Thus they not only regarded the acts as political in themselves, but assert (truly) that political consequences of great moment flowed from them. The stream is of the same nature as its fount. ' Certainly, in those days, none had dis covered that the acts were non-political, i 'Or the actors non-political. Algernon Swinburne wrote a fervent and brilliant poem, as a protest against the threatened -executions. The Morning Star , the organ of Mr. John Bright, gave it space in its usually prosaic columns. Is there any so audacious as to assert that the poem would have been written by that , English poet, and published by that Eng lish paper, for the purpose of showing -sympathy with common murderers, and saving such criminals from, a merited doom ? Mr. John Bright has since become a Cabinet Minister. Does he. agree or not agree in the assertion that the remnant of the Manchester prisoners are non-political convicts ? If he does agree in that view, since when did the new light break upon him ? TVFen first did he rescind his previous opinion ? It was not before he became a Minister. At what time after that event did 'the soothing thought ease his pained mind and enable him to' bear the suffer ings of others with equanimity ? Which is it ? — does he condemn his special organ, or its ghost rise wp in condemnation of him? Does Minister Bright condemn John Bright, or John Bright consign Minister Bright to condemnation. ' If he still continues consistently hold- ing by the opinion that these prisoners were political captives, what has he done to prove that he acts up to his con victions ? Has he urged the completion of the amnesty upon his inconsistent col leagues ? When any of them displayed inconsistent views in this matter, when . did he manfully come forth and declare His own opinion ? He rushed to his nen to r> reclaim. wlfL the design of influencing an Irish elec tion, that he was against Home Rule. When, upon what occasion, where, in what journal, magazine, or review, has he ever stepped forth to proclaim that he was opposed to Prison Rule ? On the rumor of-a rumor, which we knew not here, that his name was referred to in Kerry in favor of Federation? he hurried forth his proclamation over the -three kingdoms and the kingdom of Keiry. But he never disturbed himself, in his luxurious retirement, to separate his name from those with whom it was joined when any of these argued that the remaining prisoners were non- political, although his own especial organ had held them forth as political offenders. If there were any corroboration required of the essentially political character of the remaining political prisoners, it would be found in the memorial which was pre sented to Gathorne Hardy, Conservative ITnm A SAmraf.artr tv kK K , in out? xiujjti or staying the execution of the Manchester prisoners. It was " most numerously and influentially signed in Dublin," and amongst the sig natures not of Dublin were " His Grace the Archbishop of Emly and Cashel, the .Lord Bishop of Killaloe, the Lord Bishop of Cork, and the Lord Bishop of Derry, the clergymen, magistrates, and people of Thurles, Killaloe, Bandon," &c.;, &c.; We quote from a daily paper of the period these facts. The memorial asked that the preroga tive of mercy should be extended to the prisoners " now lying under sentence of death." The memorialists held that there were several reasons which would justify this and these reasons sound very striking now, when so many have hastened to forget the unpleasant circumstances of the case. Here is the first: "Because there is great reason to believe that the person who shot Brett, may not yet have been apprehended, the confusion and tJAtnemeui amending on the affray having, it is well kno wn, caused several mistakes as to the identity of parties." It was, indeed, well known that the principal witnesses, upon whose testimony five men were condemned to death, had made a mistake in their swearing against one of them. That "mistake" was too easily disproved to be allowed to continue ; but though it was admitted, by releasing Maguire, that their testimony -was' untrustworthy, three men were hanged upon it, and others are still kept in prison on it. Testimony cannot be untrustworthy in one case, without being untrustworthy in all. A chain is no stronger, than its weakest link. The second reason stated by the memorialists shows the political com plexion of the affair, for it says that the execution, by exalting them in the opinion of many into martyrs, would have " less effect in checking the dangerous prin ciples of Fenianism" than imprisonment. The third reason is extremely telling. The memorialists declare : " That there is a wide-spread feeling against the punish ment of death for any other except the most extreme cases, and that it should be reserved for those offences which, not only the letter of the law, but the moral sense of mankind, recognises as murder." Here then is a clear and definite state ment on the part of eminent prelates and influential laymen, of clergy, magistrates, and people, that the Manchester pri soners then under sentence of death were, in any case, „ not guilty of an offence which " the moral sense of mankind re cognises as murder." It was evident, indeed, that in firing intojihe keyhole of the van, the only in tention was to burst the lock, not to kill Brett; for the killing of Brett would not open the door. Brett was, we believe, himself an Irishman. _ The memorial concludes by two pleas in arrest of the execution of young Allen. In the first, his extreme youth was pleaded ; he was not yet twenty-one, of an ardent, impressionable temperament, and had " only very recently been drawn into the movement." In the ' last, they re ferred to a number of facts " ascertained since the trial, evidence of which accom panies the memorial," in his favor. It was this boy who exclaimed to the Fenian colonel they rescued: "Kelly, I would give my life for you.'' These were not the words of a murderer. The young enthusiast is dead, and two of his companions in the dock are now his vn n bn nam ih « m« j. " w,UUttUl's ime prison grave. XRey died with the love of country in their hearts, and her name in prayer upon their lips. But happier they on the high scaffold— happier they in the lowly tomb —happier they in the light of the spiritual world — than those their com panions who stood by them on the day of trial, who joined in the death-prayer that God might save Ireland, but who were severed from them at the gallows' foot to be consigned to the lingering horrors of a felon's fate. 