S UN DA Y SER VICES. collins-street indel'endent ciiuroii. Several circumstances concurred to impart more than ordinary intercut to tho services which were held yesterday at tho Independent Church in Col lins streot. In tho first place, as it was nmlnka. of the Presbyterian Church who occupied tho pulpit, there was to a certain extent a manifesta tion of that interdenominational good-will which is tending at tho presont timo to draw tho various sections of Protestantism more closely together by means of occasional exchange of pulpits. In tho second placo, tho ministor referred to. the line Alexander Morrison, now Presbyterian minister at Clunes, was formerly a ministor amongst the Independents, and tho fact that ha preached yes terday to many who formed part of his own con gregation in "tho old times" shows that his transforcneo of ministerial allegiance and service was mado without sacrificing principles, and with out causing any lasting bittorness of fooling on the one sido or on tho other. But perhaps tho circumstance which most of all gavo interest to tho occasion consisted in tho fact that well nigh thirty years havo elapsed since Mr. Morrison com menced his career as pastor of tho old Inde pendent Church in Collins stroot ; and that ho is at tho present moment tho oldost officiating minis ter in tho colony. At tho morning Bervico Mr. Morrison took for his text Titus 3, 5.; " Not by works of righteousness which wo have dono, but ncccording to His morcy ho saved us, by tho wash ing of regeneration, and ronowinc of tho Holv Ghost. ' It will bo soon at ouco from tho text that tho sormon was mainly of a theological oharncter ; anyono who has ovor hoard an ovancolicat sermon on the subject of regeneration will know tho gene ral drift. Tho thome was tho old familiar ono ; but conBiderablo freshnoss was imparted to tho treatment of it by tho illustrations whioh tho preacher introduced. Some of the illustrations wero very apt and striking. After describing, in the wordsof atravoller, a desolate sconojnlcoland, where a ciolont oruption of lava had swept away from an oxtonsivo region every vestige of human, animal, or oven of vogotablo life, ho pointod to a spot on tho face of a rock where a lichon was boginning to grow, and used the growth of that lichon, destined in the course ol its gradual devolopmont to covor at length the whole scene of desolation with mould, and verdure, and beauty, as a, symbol of tho great but gradual renewal of human nature, which commoneos from tho moment when tho germ of spiritual life has Ixion planted in it by tho spirit of God. De scribing the nature of regeneration, and desirous of differentiating it from oither formalism or morality, ho mado his moaning admirably cloar by .a roferonco to tho cold marble liko beauty which is somotimos seen in a human face, but which excites no attraction or admiration, for, though each feature is perfect, tho spirit of beauty is wanting. So is it, ho said, in a human, life — outwardly correct, but without that in breathing of tho spirit of God whioh shows tho God-like. Mr, Morrison's '- man ner is vigorous and earnest, but ontiroly frco from tho pretentious affectation which many preachers introduco into their pulpit ministrations. If any of his hearers ou Sunday camo with the impression that thoy were about to hear ono of tho snporannuatod school, thoy would bo agreeably disappointed, and would feel in clined to say of him, slightly parodying welt- known words, " There's life in the old man yot." the oatuolio apostolio church. Tho soots havo a partiality for Carlton, if one may judge by tho number of churches which clustor togother in a Certain portion of that subur ban district. Standing at the corner of Druni- mond stroot and Queensborry- stroet', a spectator may count ecclesiastical edifices belonging not only to tho Churcli of England, to Roman Catbo- lics/and'to Presbyterians, but also to Methodists, Christian Brethren, and ever so many more. Tho corner referred to is now occupied by an edifice of goodly: appsaranco, which has been recently erected thore by the Catholic Apostolic Church. Tho exterior presents a substantal Gothic stylo, and tho inferior is in keeping. A dim, religious light streams through tho stained windows ;' thore is an altar with a lighted candle on it, and tho officiating priests are arrayed in surplices, wlth a red scarf thrown around their shoulders, The worship is decidedly of the "ritualistic typo, whioh implio3 a bolief in a holy priesthood and sacraments. Ono peculiarity of thoir doctrine is an earnest belief in the immediate second coming of Ohrisi. This was tho themo of dis course ldst evening, and in connection with his main thomo tho preacher dwoR at length on tho which boiievod to bo impending over J-na«inaom. Ho denounced tho spiritist rnovo- ment as an abomination of iniquity and tlio work of-thedovil.-aud in conclusion referred to the condition of tho working classes, ,tbo Interna tional Association, and tho fears to .which it had giyqn.birth in high quarters, as signs that society is on the verge of the great day when Christ shall como to judge the world. 