Colonial Items. Mr. Webb Bays Sydney is cheaper for everything than Ban Francisco except for floor end potatoes. The triplet of ions presented to her fans band by Mn. Backhouse are doing well, Bays the Braidwood Ditpatch, and (tare been cbrlsteoed Abraham, IBSSC, and jacob. Some amusing blundera. oconr {a tele graphy. Beceotly the Wahgttnyah Ghroni. cle expected a fonnt of the type known to tbe initiated as " long primer," from Mel bourne, and At ibtpfopristor did not receive it with other goods ordered at the same limo he telegraphed for its Immediate das patch. The telegraph clerk, not knowing: anything of the mysteries of " the chapel," sent a message that t}ie " long printer" had not arrived and requesting " him'' to be for warded immediately. A GHOBT,-A Victorian country paper relates a ghost story. Oo the night of the 8th January, about 9 o'clock, as the Bev, Mr. Barley, acoftmpan'led by two of Mr. Hughes'a daughters, was driving towards Milhaven, when opposite ' Mr. Wainhold'a paddock, near the Lake Hotel, Mr. Bayley saw a gauDt fefnale figure, dressed la flowing white robes, rise out of the ground and ex tend ber arms right in front of tbe horse. The animal beoame frightened and bolted right through the figure; Miss Hughes exclaimed, "Dearme,'what was that ?" Mr. Bayley endeavored to pull tbe horse op; but on be dashed norcould be be lodnced to stop till be reached tbe gate at ttilhaven." POISONED BOOKS. A Short time ago, we (Bathunt Timet) extraoted from a Sydney journal a paragraph, lu which it WM stated that a resident of the metropolis had been poieonod by wearing colored soaks, and we bavst just beard of e similar case having oc cared in BstharsL A gentleman bought . doEsu pairs of colored aocka, etriped iu rlogs of idiffereat colors, which he "wore, pair after pair, until he 'exhausted' tbe stock.'1' He shortly beean to be fcnnoyed with ab uri pleasant tingling sensation in bis feet which increased to violence until be was unable to more about. Small blisters began to ebow themselves on bis feet; inflammation and swelling at the same time set id, and even tually virulent eruptions appeared in circles round his legs corresponding to the stripes on^hjB socks. The pain is said to be very severe, and (be invalid is confined to bis (bed. , The esse farnisb.es another example of the poisonous ingredients used . in the production of coloured articlesof dreBS. A- WtiLTnr COLONIST or VtoroBia.-In a series of articles on the successful men of Victoria, the Leader introduces Mr. J. E. Clarke,and observers:-" It is impossible to form an exact estimate'of' Mr.'Clarke's wealth, but be mast 4>s worth at least two millions sterling." Hit landed property con sists of. 120,000 acres .in Victoris,60,000 in Tasmania, 76,000 in Sontb Australia, and 46,000 in Keff Zealand. IJebss town .pro perties in Collins-street, Emerald Sill, and East Melbourne. He owns IB,OCX) shares in the Colonial Bank, and he has a large cam ber of shares ia otber banks, gas and insur ance companies, besides.large sums lentout on mortgage. His .brother IicfWis died some years ago, and \bewb'ole of the vast pro perty accumulated by Mr. Clarke will be in herited by bis three sons, William Clarice of Sunbnry; Thomas Biggs Clarke, of Quorn Hall, .Tasmania; and Joseph Clarke, of Norton Manleville. A GOOD CBOSHIBQ.-A telegram wai received in Sydney on Saturday evening, stating that eighty tons of stone frotn Paxton's claim, Hill End, were crushed, yielding 4400 ounces of gold, rained at £16,000. The other day the Melbourne Bench set), teoced a fellow named Green to two whip pings for inflecetft tehaviour. This II the first time the power has been exercised by magistrates nnder the criminal statute, A PROFITABLE CLIP OF WOOL.-Mr. Bobert Campbell (says the Bruce Herald) has idqrinft the past two years, become by far the largest bolder of rone to New Zealand, AN^ will, we believe,' Haifa season clip in alt not nnder 600,000 sheep; The late rise in value Opon wool-say Od a lb. npon an average yield of 4 lbs, will tbns represent for the year £50,000 ol a profit upon last year's retarnB. , . STUEEG.-Mrs. John GoOde, of West Botany, was lately cooking, when - a magpie kept on tbe premises gave a loud toream. On looking round, Mrs. Goode saw a large brown snake eutering the doorway. She made a thrust at it with a shovel, but missed it, and it got under a tub. Mrs. Goode immediately got a stick, and gently lifting np the tnb, struck at tbe snake and killed it. It contained 49 young ones. 