literature* THE HAUNTED CLOSET. MY sister wrote me that she had taken a house for the summer, "a queer old- fashioned house," away down on the lonely Georgian coast, where the children would have the benefit of the sea breeze and the surf bathing prescribed for them after a sickly spring season. And she urged me to come and join them in their new abode. Queer and oldr fashioned indeed I found it-a jumble of brick and stone and timber, each room of which had the appearance of having been built separately, by successive owners, with regard only to personal convenience, and in open defiance of all architectural rules. Yet I liked this very irregularity and the odd nooks and coiners which were for ever unexpectedly ° turning up " in the most improbable places. The halls were large and airy, and the rooms abundantly supplied with closets, windows, and doors-the latter, for the most part, opening upon broad piazzas, or queer little porches stuck here and there like excrescences upon the walls. Very cold and bleak in winter, no doubt ; but for a summer residence, delightful. At the back of the'main building projected a sort of long and narrow wooden gallery, consisting of a row of three or four small rooms-last used, it appeared, as store-rooms for grain and vegetables-all opening upon a covered passage way connecting with a brick office which had formerly stood separate from the house. These rooms and the office were unused by the family ; for the gallery was not in very good repair, and the office room, as it was called, was quite too remote to be desirable ; besides, there was plenty oJ room in the main building. Yet the firsl time I visited this little brick office it at once took my fancy. It was a good-sized, com« fortable room, with a fireplace on one side; and a queer little triangular closet, OJ cupboard, in a corner, bearing the marks o: books and ink stains on its shelves. Then was a door opening into the gallery, anc another upon a quiet and secluded corner o: the garden, out of sight of the house ; anc the two Avindows, one looking towards th< sea and the other over the large grassj backyard, were shaded from the sun bj vines and the long drooping branches of i weeping willow, which cast green shadow! and breathed fresh odours throughout th« apartment. The very place, I thought, io: . a study ; a charming nook in which to li« reading some interesting volume by day, o: ?quietly dreaming by night, away from thi noise of the children and the screaming o baby ; so I at once chose this little room fo my own-bedroom and study in one-and after giving it a thorough purification an« airing, took possession. It proved quite a pleasant as I had anticipated. Here, awaken ing in the morning, I would open th windows and let in the fresh sea breeze, wit the fragrance of the dewy vine leaves tha clustered on the walls without ; here, in th sultry noontide, I dozed or dreamed awa the hours, lying upon the little louwge nea the window, and glancing from the book i my hand upward into the deep, cool recesse of the willow branches above ; and, whe evening came, I would sit in my little garden door, looking upon the neglected wilderness | of bowery shrubs . and dewy flowers, and j rejoice in the quiet and seclusion which I loved so much. Thus I was sitting, about twilight, a few days after I had moved into my little hermitage, as I called it. The air was very still ; scarce a rustle disturbed the branches of the willow, and the surf rippling on the beach made but a low murmur. Suddenly, in the midst of this silence, I became aware of a strange sound near me a faint, uncertain sound, like the whispering of voices and rustling of garments. Fancy- ing ihat my sister or the children had playfully stolen upon me in my abstraction, Ijjlooked around ; but, to my surprise, there was no one visible. It must have been a fancy, of course, I thought, and turned once more to my book ; but hardly had I done so when again I heard the rustling of drapery, and what sounded like a footfall upon the floor. Ï was startled, and sat breathless, staring around and listening. Once or twice it was repeated, and then all was still as before. In order that my story may be fully comprehended and credited, I must inform the reader that I was at this time a woman of four-and-twenty, had never in my life been ill or nervous, was the farthest possible from being superstitiously inclined, and had been accustomed to regard with ridicule all , stories concerning ghosts, goblins, and other so-called spiritual manifestations. Such being the case, it is not to be supposed that the circumstance just narrated should have made any deep or lasting impression on me. On the contrary, though regarding it as certainly singular, I set it down as one oí those odd and fleeting fancies which dc sometimes puzzle and bewilder even the most rational, and, as such, thought no more of it at the time. But on the following day, and again on the next, the mysterious sounds which I have described were repeated. Ii was exactly as though some person 01 persons were occupying the room with me moving with soft footsteps and speaking.ir low whispers, as if unwilling to be heard Once it seemed as though some small article were dropped upon the floor, with a metallic sound dulled by a carpet, though there wai none in the room ; and then I distinguished a grating noise, as of a key turned in a lock .after which, for the rest of the day, all wai quiet. I said nothing to anyone about thesi noises ; though, by this time, I was almos convinced that they were not the effects o: my imagination. I yet decided to wait, t< watch for their recurrence, and to bi thoroughly convinced of their real existenci before exposing myself to laughter anc ridicule by relating so improbable a story It was not long that I was kept in suspense A day or two after, about four o'clock in th< afternoon-a most unghost-like hour-I wai reclining on my lounge between the doo: and the window, reading " The Woman ii White," then just out. Suddenly, as ] turned a leaf, I heard a faint grating sound as of a key, just behind me, and then ; voice speaking in a low, indistinct murmur inexpressibly hollow and sepulchral. I die not stir. I arrested the hand which wai about to turn the page, and, holding mj breath, listened with deliberate eagerness I would now be certain that this was nc fancy playing me fantastic tricks. For ai instant only came the indistinct murmur and then a silence. The sunlight wai streaming down in slender, golden thread! through the gently swaying branches of th( willows : out on the lawn I saw the gardene at work, and on the beach heard the merri voices of the children ; I felt courageous Rising, I searched around the room, unde the bed and lounge, and in the triangula cupboard in the corner-the only place where a person could be concealed. Not ! living thing was to be seen, and I was abou closing the closet door when I heard distinctly a low, faint laugh, close in my ear, and the! a moaning sigh or groan, which seemed t< die away into infinite distance. I conies that at this instant my nerves did fail me and a cold shiver ran curling through nr veins. I hastily closed the closet door, an< without waiting even to snatch up my book ran along the gallery to the other part of tb house. Should I tell my sister and brother in-law ? Nb ; I still shrank from the though of their laughter. Should I return to th room which appeared haunted by som invisible presence, and sleep there agaii alone? I must confess that I did not lik the idea ; yet what good reason could I giv for so suddenly changing my apartment Finally-and the reader will credit me wit: the possession of almost more than feminin courage in so doing-I resolved to kee silence for the present, and spend the nighi as usual, in my little office room. The firs few hours passed away quietly, and I -wa just falling into a doze, when I was arouse by the door of the corner closet slowl creaking. A faint moonlight illumined th room sufficiently to enable me to perceiv that this door stood ajar, though I distinctl recollected having closed it before rethin^ It had neither lock nor bolt by which : could be secured. I sat up in bed, watchin the closet and looking half fearfully aroun the room ; and as I looked, with my. eye fixed upon the half-open door, I hear within a jingle of glasses and phials. ] was a sound not to be mistaken, and almoi at the same instant a voice said near me, i a hoarse whisper: "Bring a light!" started up, trembling, and, with a col perspiration breaking out.on my forehea< reached for a match and the lamp and trie to strike a light, but in vain. I had but or or two matches left, and, as I dropped tl last in despair, I heard the voice which ha before spoken say, slowly and distinctly "Poison!" My first impulse now was 1 flee from this haunted room ; but, as I aros for that purpose, a feeling such as I ha I never before known-afeeling of superstitious fear and horror-overcame me, and,, had my life depended upon it, I could not have passed that closet and sped through that long, deserted gallery alone. I sank back upon my pillow and drew the sheets about my head, and remained thus until daybreak. It was now no longer a question with me as to whether I should or should not inform my relatives of what had occurred. I told them the whole, and, as I expected, was met with laughter and badinage. " Try it yourself ! " was all I could say in answer ; and on that night my brother-in-law, Mr. Walton, agreed to occupy the office room, I remaining with my sister. " Well, Richard, did you see or hear anything of Louisa's ghost ? " inquired my sister playfully, on our. meeting at the breakfast table in the morning. " I saw nothing," he answered rather thoughtfully. " But really, Emma, it did appear as though, more than once during the night, I heard some unaccountable sounds-the turning oí a key in a lock ; a sort of moaning and sobbing child's voice ; and very distinctly the shutting of a small door. And this last sound," he added decidedly, " certainly came from the closet or cupboard in the corner of the room." Emma opened hei eyes and looked frightened. " Good gra- cious, Richard ! you don't really think thai you heard these sounds in that room, witl no one there but yourself?" "It is ver] unaccountable at present, I admit ; but yoi know that I did not believe in the super, natural. We must examine more fully int< this matter." For some days he kept soh possession of the room, reporting once o twice that he had again heard the rnysteriDu noises, and especially the grating of a rust; key, as in the lock of the corner cupboard was very distinctly audible. Three times he said, he had heard this sound, and yet, a we all knew, there was neither lock nor ke; to the closet door, only trac : of one tha had been there. He had examined all th doors and windows, had searched the whol room minutely, but without discovering th slightest clue to the mystery. There was n room adjoining, no cellar below or garre above whence the sounds could have prc ceeded, and the whole thing was mos singular and unaccountable. And once h even hesitatingly suggested, could it b possible, after all, that there were in jealit such things as spiritual manifestations ? M own mind echoed the inquiry. Our nearei neighbour was a farmer, who lived about mile distant, and of himself and his wife vt made inquiries in regard to the formi occupants of the house. It had for twenl years within his memory, Mr. Grover sail belonged to a small planter, an illiterate bi good sort of man, who had finally sold 01 in lots and purchased a better place fartb south. Then the house, with a part of tl land adjoining, had been taken by £ Englishman, who was known as Doct Mather, and M'as understood to be a v'ei learned man and a writer. Mr. Grover ar the rest of the neighbours believed him to 1 " a little cracked." He used to go abo the country gathering sea weeds, plants, ar insects, but would repel all approach acquaintance, and reply very rudely to ar inquiry of the country people as to the u or purpose of his collections. He had wife, with whom, it was said, he lived < bad terms, and three sickly children who presence he Avould scarcely tolerate. Tl wife and two of the children died, and tb Doctor Mather went away with the remai ing child, leaving the place to an agent f sale. It was then rented for a time by sor people, who, for reasons only known themselves, would not remain their term ou and, finally, we had taken it, furnished as was, for the summer. This was all that M Grover knew. Upon hearing this simj account, there instinctively formed in 1; mind an explanation, if such it can be calle of the mysterious circumstances which h so puzzled and disturbed us. This Dod Mather-this morose and unsocial man, a unkind husband and father, as he w described to be-this solitary collector herbs-of what deeds might he not ha been guilty here in the seclusion of tl lonely, old country housé? "They had three died ; " and my memory reverted wi a shudder to the word "Poison.1" whicl had heard uttered by that mysterious voit Perhaps murder had been committed in tl house-even in that very office room whi I had appropriated ; and this impression v deepened upon being informedby Mr. Grov in answer to my inquiries, that that roi had in reality been Doctor Mather's stu or library, into which no one was ever ¡ mitted ; and that he would sometimes rem¡ in it whole days and nights together withe being interrupted, having his meals brou£ and deposited outside the door, in the 1 joining gallery. The office and gallery w now carefully shunned by us all, with 1 exception of Mr. Walton, who haunted with a persistency doubtless equal to that the ghost itself. He was determined, said, to learn all that could be learned this mystery, and, if possible, to thorougl unravel it. One evening, after a rain heavy sea fog set in upon the coast, and atmosphere became all at once so damp Í chilly as to render a fire indispensable comfort. As I have said, the rooms were large and airy, and were, moreover, carr, less and sparingly furnished. This 1 pleasant enough in warm weather, but in pressibly dreary in this chill and damp sp The two most comfortable apartments ot' house for cool weather were undoubte the nursery and the office-room, which VA situated at opposite extremities of the 1 building. So, leaving the former to nurses and children, Mr. Walton propc that he and Emma and I. should make c selves comfortable for the evening in haunted room, as he now called it, ma* the ghosts ; and, as an inducement, promised us a hotoyster supper. The oysters were to be had fresh out of the water, almost at our very door, just for the trouble of picking them up. Certainly the room, as Emma and I rather hesitatingly entered it, looked plea- sant and cheerful enough, with its blazing pine-wood fire and the tea kettle steaming on the hearth. No one made any allusion to the ghost ; Mr. Walton, indeed, seemed to have forgotten the subject in the interest of the supper, though I-and I fancied Emma -felt a little nervous as we occasionally glanced furtively round the room. Once or twice, also, I caught myself instinctively looking over my shoulder towards the corner cupboard behind me. Supper over, Mr. Walton, who was a fine reader, entertained . us with some chapters from Dickens's latest work, and we were soon so much interested as to forget everything else. In the very midst of this, however, I was startled by feeling a faint breath of cold air upon my neck, and at the same instant saw my sister's eyes lifted with a frightened glance towards the corner closet behind me. I instinctively started up and crossed over to the opposite side of the fireplace. " What is it, Louisa?' ' said Emma nervously ; " I saw the door of the closet open." Mr. Walton closed his book and sat looking attentively at the cup- board. And it was whilst we were all thus, perfectly silent and motionless, that a sound broke the stillness-at first what seemed the jingling of phials and rattling of chains, and then the faint, uncertain sound of muffled voices which I had heard more than once before, all coming unmistakably from the little triangular closet in the corner. ,( Oh, Richard, do you hear ? " gasped Emma, seizing fast hold of her husband's arm. For myself I came very near screaming outright, " Hush- be quiet ! " said Mr. Walton. And taking the lamp, he advanced to the cup- board, threw wide open the door, and sur- veyed it minutely. It was simply a closet built of deal boards against the naked white- washed walls of the room. Three rickety shelves, unoccupied and much stained with ink and other liquids, were all it contained. Between the lower and middle shelves was a strip of wood nailed against the wall, as if to cover a place where, as we could see, the plaster had fallen away, and beneath this strip could be discerned part of what seemed to be a rat hole. Besides these, not a thing was visible in the closet. And yet, as I live, while we three stood there gazing into the empty closet, from its recesses came a hollow, laugh, and a low, childish voice said plain- tively-Three-all dead-2Joi*oned ! " Em- ma sank down, half swooning. Even Mr. Walton's face, as T fancied, became a shade paler ; and then we heard the voice again " Bury them-grave under the magnolia." I looked again at my brother-in-law, and saw his lips compress and a kind of despera- tion appear in his face. He advanced close to the closet, put his head almost within and shouted loudly and distinctly : " Who are you ? Who is it that speaks ? " In answer came a shriek, loud and appalling, ringing in our very ears. Then the same breath of cold air swept past, followed by the violent shutting of a door and grating of a key in a lock. We looked at each other aghast, but before we had time to utter a word, we were again startled by a different sound-that of children's cries, and footsteps hurrying along the gallery to the room in which we were. The next moment the door buist open, and in rushed Momma Abbey, the coloured» nurse, bearing baby in her arms, and followed by her assistant, Chloe, dragging the three elder children after her-all the latter pale and terrified, and, Freddy in particular, shrieking shrilly. "What is the matter? What has happened ? " screamed Emma, forgetting her own recent terror in alarm for her children. " Oh, marster ! oh, missus ! " gasped Momma Abbey, piteously, her eyes rolling white in their sockets, " a ghos' ! A ghos'in the nursery ! " "A ghost?" "In the corner closet in the nursery ! I heerd it ! We all heerd it ! Marster Freddy was lookin' in dat closet to see if dar was any mice in dee trap what he'd set, and sure's I'se alive dis minute, marster, somebody in dat 'are closet hollered out, « who is you ? Who dat talking dar ? ' We all heerd it, we did." Mr. Walton turned around and once more looked into the closet. Then, taking the tongs from the hearth, he inserted them behind the bit of board, which I have mentioned as nailed to the wall, and wrenched it away, exposing, as he did so, a I small aperture surrounded by a metallic ring. " 1 have discovered the mystery at last ! " he said, turning to us with a smile ; " it is no ghost, but simply a speaking tube. Stay here, and when-you hear the spirits, place your mouth to this and answer them." He left the room, and in a few minutes we again heard the mysterious sepulchral voice in the closet, only much more distinctly now since the board had been removed. " Hoio are you all?" I summoned courage to answer, " Much better !" And then there came a low laugh, ghostly enough, certainly, to have caused our blood to curdle had we not been aware of the identity of the apparent ghost. And so it was all explained, and the mystery of the haunted closet cleared up. There was, as Mr. Walton had said, a speaking tube communicating between the office-room land the distant nursery - placed there, doubtless, by the eccentric English naturalist, Dr. Mather, for his own convenience ; and he, on leaving the house, had simply carelessly boarded over the mouths of the tube, not dreaming of, or indifferent to, the consequences of this negligence. Probably it had been these very mysterious sounds which had driven away the last occupants of the house ; and certain it is that, but for the fortunate discovery of their source, we ourselves might have been won over to the ranks of spiritualists and ghost believers. Such results have, ere now, been produced by slighter causes than these. The explana- tion of the various sounds heard by us in the office-room is very simple. The correspond- ing mouth of the tube was in a closet in the nursery, precisely similar to that in the office. Momma Abbey stored in' this closet the various cups, phials, and so forth, used in the nursery, and, to secure these from the children, the closet was generally kept locked. It was the opening and shutting of this closet door, with the grating of the key in the rusty lock, that had so often alarmed me ; and when it was open, and a search going on among its contents for some special article, the noises thus made, and the words spoken in the closet could be heard, more or less distinctly, in the office. Also, when the closet door was suddenly shut to, it would produce a current of air through the tube sufficient to slightly open the loosely-hung door of the office cupboard. Master Freddy's idea of setting a mouse-trap in the closet, baited with poisoned food, had added much to the effect of the mystery ; and it was little Mary's voice which had pleaded so pathetically for the three victims of her brother's experiment, imploring that they might be buried under the magnolia tree. Mr. Walton used to say that it was almost a pity that the secret of the tube should have been discovered, and thereby so capital a ghost story spoiled.-From Scribner's Neu York Magazine. 