LECTURE ON 'OLIVER GOLDSMITH'* AT THK TOWN HA.LL. As was expected, the Town Hall was well filled on Monday night, when the Kev. Charles Clark, ? of ? Melbourne; lectured'' ? up'-Jn' ' Oliver Goldsmith,' in aid of tH§ funds of the North Adelaide Baptist' Church. Thefame^oF the win »an4r1am(Lm'-i YAA{-nVA*l^Oi4 T\waf*a\A aA Vl?m 4VYW 1QT. KvUHlVUiaU «3 JUWIIU*-W AA1W«i £*a.wwu-wia. mill] swi^-kM among the audience the realizi ion ; fully justified ?'h'e expectationwhich, had been based upon the rumored t-xsellence of' Mr. Clark's Biographical :and critical; address. ; y ' . ' The chair was taken by' His Worship the Mayor (Air. Bar tele), who, in a few well-chosen remarks,1 introduced the lecturer. The Rev. CiaAfiLES Clark, to whom a very warm reception was given, 'said there were few names in English- literature more ? familiarly known than that of Oliver Goldsmith. 'Among the poets of his own tithe the amiable Oowper alone could compare with him, and yet Cowper scarcely pleased «o large a circle of prpmiacuoua readers:.' Goldsmith's '; prose and poetical writings, ^whilst they ranked the highest, bade fair also to 4-e 'the most enduring. Wherever ha 'was- known' he was' 'beloved, and although there were many weaknesses and follies in his character, they ;were but blemishes on the sur face, for the heart seemed to be sound; and such was the power and bright genius, and such the simple, honest, kindly nature of the man, that whilst in the contemplation of bis infirmi ties our compaBBions were kindled, out pity -was never mingled with contempt. Oliver Goldsmith's father was, he said, the Dr. Prim rose in the ' Vicar of Wakefield.' Ilia father w/sthe Rw. Charles- Goldsmith, and Oliver was born at Pallas on the 10th November, 1728, 4-Via fnn-wbVi M\\\\\i\A n-nA tanAn^ DfUt f\f 1)14' fa.f.ViAI'.' In 1730, r the family removed to Lishby, the V Sweet Auburn' ef the ''Deserted Village,' At the age of three years Oliver's education began at Mrs. Elizabath Delap's day schooL When Bix years old he came under the influence of a pedagogue, one Paddy Byrne, an olt soldier in Queen Anne's wars, who professed only to teach the '* three it's,' but who was ricn in legendary lore of ghosts and fairy fo'.k generally. This pedagogue was the schoolmaster of the ' Deserted Village.' In his ninth year he was removed from that little academy, and went in succs&sion; to various grammar school-. After a passing reference to his childhood, which: he said 'waa not a happy child hood, he related how in June, 1745, Oliver obtained a sizarship ac Trinity College, Dublin; how the severe and hars Mr. Wylie, his tutor, warped Oliver's mind, ind^f e3 ffiom^ to engage m a~itraet nbt£ whleb Brought Turn, into disgrace j and how subse jaenfly he sohumniarted' him' tha^piirer left iJaflegfeJaiia: fled to Cork, .inteading tp go.to America, tut- he spent all his money befese storting,', and returned to bis mother penniless. At this time he wrote street ballads for Sow a-piece; and a reconciliation having taken place between Oliver and the tutor Wylie, Goldami*?i raientered college. In 1749, whea about 20 years of age, he took his & A. degree, and that -eiag about all he could expect from college, he hastened his 'departure from a scene in wflici he had giren bat scant revelation of those powers which afterwards made him famous. Then came . the important question-, in- the family circle— ' What shall we do with him ?m and- . being a confirmed - ' ne'er-do-weel,' ; the Church was thought of for him— :(laughter}-:- but Oliver *hrunk from this— not only from a conviction, 'of ; his^ personal .' unfitness for the office^ but also from his desire for travel, and his great objection to personal reitraint. . How ever,' he 'went up' for holy, orders, but he pre sented hiinBelf to the Bishop in scarlet breeches, for which lie was requested to leave the palace with all convenient speed. (Laughter.) Then he took a tutorship in a private family, leaving which he lounged at home, and then made another start for America. On reaching Cork he prepaid, his passage for New 'fork, but the vessel was delayed by contrary, winds, and when she sailed Goldsmith was on a pleasure excursion in the country. The lecturer hero read Oliver's letter. t* his mother, relating his adventures at Cork with his horse Fiddleback. He commenced the study of the law, bat in this he made ah egregious failure. Then, fitted out by his generous uncle, he proceeded to Edin burgh to study for medicine,; and in 1754 he proceeded to Leyden to continue his studies, lere' he was put to comical shifts to gain a living, _and here, when Us circumstances wera at .their' lowest, he thought it was - a proper season to undertake bis grand tour through Europe on foot, and the 'Philosophic Vaga bond' in the ' Vicar of Wakefield,' related some of Ms attempts to obtain the means of living.. After a sojourn in France he travelled through Switzerland into Italy, winning his way :by his flute playing, which stood him in good needj.excepi in Italy, where laying asidehis flute, he gained a precarious living by the competitive .disputations at the. Universities. After two year's' .travelling in this fashion he landed in Jingiana in ±tot-, ana oecame an apotnecary'fl assistant. Then he became an usher in a school, and then he again set up as a medical pfacti i^.onerLthe reading of printers' proofs alternating with his medical pursuits. At this time he was miserably poor, and he often trod the weary London streets houseless and hungry; but even then he. had a heait tb sympathise. vwith s-is- fortane other than'his own.' ._ The lecturer then passed on to speak .of Goldsmith's literary drucigery in the service of Mr. Griffiths, when he had to sit writing in -a dismal garret from 9 Jo 2, . snubbed by the publisher, andfhaggled at by his old wife. His writings, however, began now to attract attention, andmenofmarkiahis P.wn profession began to receive him; into their ranks. In 1761 Samuel Johnson provided him with decent lodgings, where he wrote that ad mirable series of letters which were afterwards called ' Letters from a Citizen of the World. ' Johnson's acauaintance rinenedintoan honorable friendship, and very speedily Sir Joshua Rey nolds discovered Goldsmith's faculties as a poet. Goldsmith was one of the first members of- the Literary. Club. The lecturer then related the story of Goldsmith's arreBt by his landlady for resit, and Johnson's friendly intervention, when Oliver produced a manuscript, which Johnson immediately sold to the publisher JNewberryJ for £w, and. rescued the author from the nnsympathising landlady.. That Manuscript rwas the ' ' Vicair of Wakefield' — a simple natural story, and artless pictures of life, which would be preseived as locg as the language in which it waa written lasted. (Cheers.) Having quoted the -tributes which Scott and Goethe paid to this novel, he read with ; charming grace the first chapter of the 'Vicar of Wakefield,' which wf.s loudly ap plauded. Newberry 'kept the manuscript, for two years before he printed it, but when pub lished it established Goldsmith's fame as a prose writer. . About the same time, Christmas 1764, 'he published 'The Traveller,' which imme diately raised him to: the rank of a legitimate £nsli&h; classic. - He also determined to try his band at dramatic writing, and in 1768 'The Good-Natured Man' was published, for which he received £500 — which sum he disbursed in improvident expenditure and in 'gratifying his taste for gorgeous apparel. In 1770 his 'Deserted Village'' was published, which for diction and versificationisequal if not superior to 'The Traveller.' Three years after another pla^, 'the Stoaps to Conquer,' was brought out with great success at Covent Garden. Tbe curtain, said the lecturer, fell upon a tremendous triumph) -arid a -century - l experience has confirmed that triumph. Gold .smith industriously compiled Histories of Rome, England, 'and -Greece, and a History of the Earth, and Animated Nature, for -which, in all, he received 1,900 guineas. They were but compilations and abridgments of dry and bulky volumes, btt they were so trans lated into Goldsmith's free, pute, natural English. . that they were very entertaining reading. What he did with his money, unless we allowed the. accusations of gambling to be true, must ever remain a mystery. Always. re- ceiving cash for work projected but never com menced, thiogs began to get worse and worse, and his health gave way. On 25th March. 1774, he was pros crated by a violent attack of an internal disease, ..and in addition to his bodily illness, his mind was harassed, and oa 4fch April, 1774, he died, as J- hnson said—' Of a fever, exasperated, as I believe, by the force of distress. He had raised money and squandered it by every purpose of acquisition and- every fnllir nf fiTiifinsp? hilt lfet nnt his'foliie's be re menibered, for he v?as a very great man.' After a touching ^reference ta the death of the poet —. unfriended aad alone — he con cluded thus— 'Let me. say as a parting sen tence, . espesially to the young men and women of this assembly, while you. may never hope to possess Oliver Goldsmith's bril liant genius, or emulate in any fashion his wide-spread- fans e, yet you may cultivate all those. kindly purposes which made him univer sally beloved. While jelearly- perceiving his follies and weaknesses, extenuating nothing, nor setting down »ught Jn malice, you may avoid them, and, by a wise and-, intelligent culture oi me pawers -jtou uas given you, pro tect .yourselves against the presence of the in numerable eyils which sbadowed the. pathway of this great man, and, departing, leave behind, you as a legacy a name unstained by fully, feebleness, or sin ; having the satisfying know ledge, too,-, as you sink to rest, that your memories .are.. beloved aad venerated, not in spite of your unnumbered frailties aud errors, but because. of the positive excellencies of your life. ... 'Be good, sweet Mends* and lot who will ba clever, . : Do noble things, not dream them all day . . !opg.;.: : ; - So makiag life deatb, and the vast forever : ' ??- ? ..One grand sweet song.' The rev. lecturer, who for -two hours had sus-. taiaed the unflagging attention of his hearers,; resumed his seat amidst loud and long-contixrued applause. ... ; : The Riv. j. L. PaESOUs briefly, moved a vote/ of thanks to Mr. Ciaik foihifl lecture, and to the Mayor for presiding, remarking that, as a sped-' men of brilliant aud sustained, oratory, and as an example of unfaltering memory, the lecture' had no parallel in bis-experience. Tbe Rev. T. James, who seconded themotion,: referred to the. marvellous condensatisn aed clearuessof fheleciure, acdalsoto the indebted ness of the Adelaide public to Mr. Clark for this lecture, and also for his other services in ths pulpit. The motion was carried by acclamation. Tii6 Rev. Gsas. Clabk, ia acknowledging the ccmpliiEint. said he had oome -here for s. holi day, but fas had had about 25 per cent, more work to do het e than.at hpnie. He was gratified, however, to Had that he had afforded them, pi asure that eyex.iEg, acd as he should leave on the morrow, he bade them good night — God bless them. (Applause. J His Worship the Mayob having also briefly expressed his acknowledgments, the proceedings, closed. 