THE WEEK'S NEWS. Deer.—We are informed (writes the Strath- albyn paper) that as Messrs. Hill & Co.'s bus was coming up from Adelaide & few days since two deer were seen in the scrub somewhere near Crafers; they, however, soon made away, and the passengers had only the satisfaction of knowing that, like the farmers who bolt over the Border, "Though lost to sight," they are "still to memory 'deer.'" We do not chronicle the foregoing as a very extraordinary fact, for we ourselves have, when travelling to Adelaide^ frequently seen a pretty little deer. Chapter of Accidents.—Of all the provincial papers the southern one stands first in furnish ing mishap paragraphs. How this happens can only be surmised, but the fact remains that in nearly every issue there is a varied assortment of news items regarding fractured arms, broken collar-bones, capsized vehicles, tt hoc genus omne. From the latest impression we cull the following: —On Wednesday Mr. J. B. Davison, of Wel lington, had just got off a colt, which was rather a fidgetty one, and was throwing the reins over its head, when the horse suddenly jerked his head up, catching Mr. Davison underneath the arm, and throwing tim down. His shoulder was dislocated, and the horse trod on his foot, tear ing off one nail and severely bruising the member. The shoulder was soon put in, but Mr. Davison is stall suffering considerable pain. —On April 22 a youth connected with Hill and Co., driving a buggy along the Mount Barker road towards Adelaide, was trying to go between the bus and a wagon, when a wheel caught the step of the bus, and the horse bolting towards the bank the vehicle was capsized. No serious damage was done, and, with the assistance of those on the bus, the trap was quickly righted, and actually reached town before the mail.—On Wednesday afternoon a lad in the employ of Mrs. Holloway, baker, had been delivering bread, and was just getting into the cart when the horse started. One wheel went over the steps of a house near the Presbyterian Church, and the cart was capsized. Both shafts were broken and the top smashed, but the boy and horse escaped without injury. There was a great fall in bread. —On Wednesday evening a son of Mr. Dodd, fruiterer, of Port Elliot, aged eight years, whilst taking a horse to water, fell and dislocated his wrist. It was at once attended to by his mother and the neighbours, who, in the absence of a medical man, did what was best to alleviate the sufferings.of the little fellow. It is singular that almost every member of this family (and it is a large one) has met with some accident. The father has had his arm twice broken, one daughter goes on crutches and is likely to be a permanent cripple, there having been eighty pieces of bone taken from her leg. The other children have, more or less, been Offerers in one way or other. Adelaide Hospital. — A meeting of the Board of Management was held on April 26. Number of patients admitted since last meeting, 44; discharged, 48; died, 6; now in Hospital, 128; out-patients prescribed for, 758. Moonta Municipality.—The memorial to the Government in favour of a Corporation at Moonta is being generally signed by the future ratepayers. A few residents are opposed to it, but as the memorialists represent the bulk of the rateable property there is little doubt that the Moonta Council will shortly be an established fact. Mr. C. Drew is nominated as Mayor; and Messrs. L. L. Furrier, W. H. Beaghole, J. Bennett, and D. Buzza as Councillors. Ministerial Change.—On Tuesday evening a social tea was held in the Morphett Vale Baptist Chapel to welcome the Rev. W. O. Ashton, the pastor-elect, to his new sphere of labour. At first it was thought that no meeting could be held, in consequence of the heavy rain; but the weather clearing a little, a good number of people ventured forth. Mr. Darby, the senior deacon, presided. The word " Wel come," in large letters, hung on the wall behind the platform. Messrs. Carmichael, Bridgeman, Teakle, Keats, and Collins, spoke, and Mr. Ashton replied in a kind and affecting manner, the proceedings altogether showing that the result of the choice on both sides is-of the happiest and most harmonious character. The New Post-Office.—This elegant building is, we believe, quite ready for occupancy, and the Post-Office and Telegraph authorities will take possession in the course of eight or teu days. A wish has been expressed out of doors that the structure should be thrown open for public inspection preparatory to its being occupied. We have made enquiries on the subject, and ascertained that the building has been available to visitors for some days, and will continue to be so for about another week. Entertainment to the Insane.—On Wed nesday the inmates of the Parkside Asylum had a varied entertainment, when a few visitors were also present. The Mayor of Norwood and Kensington (Mr. E. T. Smith) presided. Many rather classical pieces were given, and the singing of Miss Jamieson and Mr. Dove was enjoyable; Mr. Reineeke also, as usual, sang pleasantly. The readings by Mr. H. F. Price were excellent, one being a sketch by Boz, "Another Old Grumper." Miss Price efficiently performed a selection from " II Ballo in Maschera," while Mr. Duffield and Mr. Felstead ably assisted. The Chairman assured the per formers that their endeavours to entertain the affiictedtvere noticed by the members of Parlia ment. Lt would be desirable to remember that a little more comical and a little less classical music would please the listeners, because causing them to laugh at least. The National Anthem closed enjoyable proceedings. It is gratifying that endeavours are thus made to alleviate the suffering and cheer the weary hours of many unfortunate human beings. The Corn Trade.—The Phillis is loading wheat at the Enf* Noarlunga Jetty for Sydney, and the price OBered is 5s. 3d. A cargo of wheat recently brought from Lacepede Bay to Noarlunga was speedily bought by the farmers there and at Morphett Vale for a change of seed, the sample being A1. Trans-Australian Telegraph.—The follow ing is the weather report on the Port Darwin Line for Friday:— Beltana— W., fresh, very fine. -Strangways Springs—S.E., fresh, clear, fine, cool. Peake—Fine, cool. Charlotte Waters—Calm, cloudy, fine. Alice Springs—S.E., light, cloudy, fine. Barrow's Creek—E., fresh, fine. Tennant's Creek — S.E., showery, cloudv, threatening. Mr. Troilope.—On Wednesday Anthony Trollope passed through Strathalbyn in company with Hon. T. Elder and Mr. S. Davenport, en route from Lake Albert Station, having arrived in the mail steamer Blanche at Milang, about 2 p.m. They drove in a drag and four to Ade- j Alleged Forgery.—At the Gawler Police Court on April 19, a man with several aliases, but known as Wilson, was charged with having forged the name of Richard Holland to a cheque with the intent to defraud T. O. Jones, J.P. The prisoner was remanded for eight days. Railway Cases.—An information was laid at the Port Police Court on Thursday morning against Ephraim Stodart, master of the Mary A. Wilson, and Alexander Reid, master of the Sailor Prince, under the Railway By-laws, for wilful damage to a carriage. Messrs. Bundey and Dempster, who appeared for the defendants, raised an objection to the proceedings, on the ground of the By- laws not having been proved, and the case was accordingly dismissed. Ano ther charge of interfering with the passengers was also dismissed on the same grounds. London Missionary Society.—A public meeting was held in the Independent Church, Angaston, on Tuesday, April 23, at which the Rev. J. Gibson presided. The Rev. J. P. Sunderland, the Australian Agent of the London Missionary Society, who arrived from Sydney on Sunday, spoke nearly two hours, giving interesting and gratifying accounts of missionary labours in Madagascar, Africa, and the various groups of islands" west and north west of Sydney, also in New Guinea. He was cordially thanked for his able address. Collec tions and subscriptions, amounting to £10 13s. 9d, were received in aid of the funds. Mr. Sunderland proceeded to Truro next day, thence to Kapunda, Clare, and other towns. He will preach at .the North Adelaide Congrega tional Church on Sunday evening. The Mint.—Mr. George Tomline, _ M.P., writes that the Mint is, with the exception of a little bronze, exclusively occupied in coining silver. For a month it coined silver night and day. He says—" One day I saw £6,000,000 in gold ingots laid aside that the men and machinery of the Mint might coin silver." Salmon Trout.—Five fishermen residing at Port Arlington had a magnificent haul of fish on Thursday morning (reports the Argus). They caught over a hundred baskets of salmon trout between 8 and 10 o'clock, some of the fish weighing over a pound and a half. One boat load was sent to Melbourne, and one to Geelong. The proceeds are expected to be something good. Big Magnet.—An electro-magnet has been lately constructed for the Stevens Institute of Technology, New York, which is truly American in its dimensions and capabilities; weighs 1,600 lbs., and will lift 50 tons. Vast Casting.—The largest iron casting ever attempted has been successfully achieved at the Elswick Ordnance Works, Newcastle-on-Tyne, under the direction of Sir William Armstrong and Captain Noble. It was a huge_ anvil-block, weighing 125 tons, to be used with a 20-ton double-action forge hammer, for performing the necessary forging for the 35-ton Armstrong gun. Multitudes of Mice.—It is stated that; Saddleworth is being visited by a mouse plague, chiefly the result seemingly of so much wheat: having been stored there in successive years. Some farmers are destroying many mice nests in ploughing. Northern Mining.—The Clare paper writes: —"We recently had an opportunity of in specting the Emu Flat Copper Mine, and are of opinion that its mineral resources are un limited. At present there are from 20 to 23 tons of ore at grass ready for exportation, which is estimated to average 23 per cent. The main lode has not yet been discovered, but it is supposed to exist in the centre of the hill in proximity to where the mine is being worked. The principal ores obtained are blue carbonate, red oxide, and a small quantity of grey ore. The mine is being worked^ only on a limited scale, se that the actual richness is compara tively unknown, but, in the parlance of tho miner, it is 'looking keenly.' More available capital is necessary to enable the proprietors to test the mine in a thorough manner. Several excavations have been made in the hill, and payable copper has been found in most of them. We noticed a large quantity of refuse at grass and in the levels, waiting to undergo the pro cess of washing, but it cannot be made market able until the rains set in. The adjoining section, belong to Mr. Carter, is supposed to be equally as rich in minerals as the Emu Flat, which only requires working on a large scale for it to prove highly remunerative.'' The End of a Runaway.—On Thursday after noon a horse belonging to Mr. T. Pellew, the mail-driver to Magill, got out of the Globe stables, bolted down Rundle-street, and came in contact with a wagon which was standing opposite, a little distance east of the Synagogue. The poor beast had a shoulder dislocated and the flesh ploughed out of one leg._ Moving the suffering animal away was impracticable, and it had to be repeatedly felled with an axe before life was extinct. Fathers Hoban and Nolan.—It is cur rently reported that a telegram has been received in Kapunda from Sydney, stating that the clergymen above named have, after seeing Archbishop Polding, [decided to go on to Rome. Fire.—At 4 a.m. on Tuesday a weather board three-roomed cottage in Claraville, near Mount Gambier, belonging to Mr. J. MeNamee, was discovered to be on fire. The building was empty, and was so far from neighbouring dwellings as to cause no great danger. The Watch says:—"Every effort to extinguish the flames proved unavailing, and the building was completely destroyed. The fire is believed to he the result of incendiarism, but no clue to the perpetrators has yet been found." German Emigration.—The Edenhope corre spondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes thus of an alleged exodus from South Australia :— " There is scarcely a day for some time past hut that five or six, and even ten wagons belonging to these people pass loaded through, here, carrying the whole paraphernalia requisite to the immediate requirements of an industrial class of people who mean to work. Amongst these we observe thrashing and reaping machines, ploughs, harrows, pigs, fowls, and cattle of all kinds, and, above all, their wives, and very numerous families—enough to popu late a new colony. The Mount Gambier people simply complain of losing the little ready cash these people have carried away with them, but I am rather inclined to think that ere long they will miss considerably the people as well as the cash." South-Eastern Weather.—On Monday a severe frost greatly injured the young grass at Mount Gambier. Ice an eighth of an inch thick was found in some tanks. The Agricultural Statistics.—The Herald of Kapunda remarks:—" We mentioned, when publishing last week the abstract of the wheat returns for the colony, our belief that in many cases the yield was purposely understated. As an instance of this, we may mention that a small farmer, who had reaped 300 bags of a first-class sample, equal to about 12 bushels per acre, from 100 acres, mentioned that fact openly in Kapunda last week, and at the same time stated that he had given in his return at six bushels per acre." Oddfellowship. — The Sir John Franklin Lodge, Kapunda, has imported a new banner at a cost of £30. Theatre Royal.—Arrangements have been made by Mr. S. Lazar for a dramatic season, to open on May 6. Mrs. Mary Gladstane, whose former visit to Adelaide will be remembered with pleasure by theatre-goers, will have charge of the stage arrangements, and it is understood that a number of favourite dramas of the mttdern school are to be produced. Mrs. Glad stane is to be supported by Mr. Carden and the company with whom she has for some time been playing at the Princess's Theatre. It will be noticed that the tariff for season tickets for the dress circle is very low, £1 Is. for 24 nights, the holders also having the privilege of introducing ladies at 2s. 6d. each. Neglected Youth.—A special meeting of the Melbourne Young Men's Christian Association has been held, and a Committee appointed to consider what steps can be taken to improve the moral condition of the boys and youths of the city and suburbs. It cannot be urged that the necessity does not exist in Adelaide for similar efforts to enlighten the ignorant, cheer the desponding, and raise the fallen. Sharp Practice.—The subjoined clipping from a late Melbourne paper probably refers to the case mentioned in our telegrams to-day :— " A charge of conspiring. to ' rig the market* will probably come before the City Police Court next week. A mining speculator 'under tho verandah' has issued summonses against three mining agents, well known in Melbourne and Sandhurst, charging them with having in various ways caused shares in a certain Mining Com pany, having a claim at Bendigo, to unduly rise in the market to beyond their real value, with the 'wicked intention' of obtaining divers sums of money to a large amount from the com plainant." New Testament Revision. — An English paper of February 10 says:—"The New Testa ment Company of- Revisers concluded on Friday week their sixteenth session. The session com menced on Tuesday, and continued during the f ollowing three days. On each day the Company remained in session for seven hours/ Satisfac tory progress was made in the revision of the Gospels, which has now reached as far as to the eighth chapter of the Gospel of St. Luke." Chinese Church.—On Thursday afternoon the interesting ceremony of laying the founda tion-stone of the first Christian Chinese Church in Melbourne took place. The Wesleyan Church, under the direction of which this new place of worship will be erected, have for some years had 'a small Chinese Church at Castle maine, where, as well as at Ballarat and MeL bourne, missions by means of Chinese catechists have met with moderate success amongst the Mongolian population. The Argus gives the annexed account of the proceedings :—"The site is in Little Bourke-street, almost at the rear of the ruins of the Theatre Royal, consequentlvinthe centre of the quarter mostly affected by the Chinese residents. The Rev. Messrs. Quick, Lockhart, and Waugh assisted in the religious ceremonies. Mr. S. G. King laid the stone, and made a few remarks on the interesting nature of the edifice that was about to be erected. A number of Christian Chinese- took part in the proceedings, and all the windows and doors of the rather unsavoury neighbour hood were crowded^ with Chinamen, who watched the proceedings with the greatest curiosity. The animated conversation that was being carried on among them somewhat marred the effect of the hymn that was sung. The building is to be a very plain edifice, to seat about 150 persons. There are, betides, class rooms on the first floor, and other apartments to serve as a residence for the Chinese catechist. The building, which has been designed by Messrs. Crouch & "Wilson, is to cost £678. Tho builder is Mr. J. Lee. The material used is brick, with white dressings. Above the entrance-door will be placed an inscription in Chinese characters, the meaning of which in English is, ' The house of the sound of peace.* This church will be built principally by the contributions of the members of the Wesleyan body, who have always shown, such an interest in the work of Christianizing the Chinese colo nists in Victoria." Preserved Meat. —As indicating the'remark able development of this trade during the past year, it is interesting to note that the total number of cases imported into London from Australia and New Zealand during 187L amounted to no less than 243,344, in addition to a considerable number of casks. Too Long to Wait.—The American humorist, who having been told that frogs under ordinary circumstances lived 150 to 200 yeaflk, stated his intention to keep one in order to ascertain the truth or otherwise of the assertion, but could hardly offer to wait, and would hardly make a similar offer—that of waiting to.see— when the Monthly Scientist declares that in -forty-four thousand three hundred and ninety, nine years from now the sun will bum out. Gold in Russia.—It has been discovered tbat the district of the Raver Amoor possesses a .rich gold-field. Washing and digging are being earned oh in the tributaries of the Russo Chinese frontier and their valleys, at which worklabourers earn from 50 to 150 roubles in silver per day, and companies of diggers on the Olakouta find as a rule from 7 to 8, bat in some cases as much as 70 and even 100 lbs. of goldper day. The River Segr is still more productive, and has yielded te one company 170 lbs. in ono day. Stained Windows.—Mr. E. -Brooks, of, Ker mode-street, lias just completed two stained glass windows for the' Church of St. Anthony of Padua, erected at Minorta near Mintaro. They . are in the early English style. The centre figures, are those of St. Joseph and St. Anthony. The canopy is rich in the diversity of its colours and'elaboration of design. The ground is reti culated, and the side lights are formed of squares of alternating hues. Each window is cight feet in height. Colonial Leteeatdbk-^Wq have to acknow ledge the receipt from Messrs. E. S. Wigg and Son of a. copy each of the two compilations of atones from the pen of Mr. K. P. Whitworth, just published by MacPhail & Son, of _ Mel bourne. A. "telegram the other day mentioned that the second edition had been bought up for Adelaide, and we can, apart from the raciness of some .of the tales and the pleasing nature of others, understand how because of the neat style and low price of the publications there should have been a ran upon them. The titles of the sets, "Australian Stories Round the Camp Fire" and "XJnder the Dray," will of themselves give an idea of the outdoor sorts of topics and people that figure in the narratives. Station and teamster life in all the varied phases of such free-air existences, passes before the reader in a series of vivid pen pictures, wherein anecdotes and yams fill a large-space. " Melancholy Jack's Story" will be mused over by some people, while lovers of the more sensational will find pabulum in "The Trooper's -Story of the Bank Bobbery while the Hawker, the Larrikin, and Chips each tells his .tale in characteristic language. This list \- wfiTshow that under the dray and round the camp fire are places credited with being the scenes, of lively gossip very diverse in sort; bat when we add that a doctor is made.' to tell his experiences with a ; . queer' patient, a major recalls the past, an ; Irishman tells a ghost story, and aboriginal traits and exploits come in for a share of attention, it will be admitted that the bill of Tare promises spicy, rich, and sparkling entertainment for quiet leisure time. We might possibly, had more space been available, have been able to give our readers a slight taste of the quality; but as the books can now be got | •easily and at an extremely low rate, numbers of people will doubtless get them and digest the contents. The Fish Tbade.—An endeavour is being made to supply Gawler regularly with fresh fish by means of a small Company. Caught at Last.—Our readers, says the Sapunda Serald, may remember that in the early part of December last we mentioned that Mr. Onleman, traveller, for Messrs. Wills & Co., left his vehicle at Mr. Gurner's, Biverton, one Saturday, while he went to town, and on Mon day, wlien he returned, he found that the vehicle had been taken, down to the Gilbert, and there ransacked—goods to the value of £50 . being taken. Foralongperiod the perpetrators of this mischief elnded detection, but we are glad to say that three men were apprehended last .week on suspicion of being the parties. One was named John Thomas, another John Haren, and the third Owie—a portion of the Twiggingr goods being found in possession of Haren. The charge was heard at the Biverton Court on Wednesday, when the prisoners were Lilly committed for trial at the next Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, meanwhile being removed to Redruth Gaol for safe keeping. Nabbow Escape.—The local Serald mentions that as'a party of miners were going down the tunnel at the Sapunda Mine on Wednesday, they, hearing the trucks coming, ran to get out of the way, when two of their number felL .The third ran on and pulled the signal wire, which was responded to just in time.to prevent the trucks striking the men. The Pobtonian.—This petite paper's latest issue is accompanied by a cartoon representing the habitues of the theatre during the opera season, in various characteristic attitudes. Many faces and figures are distinctly recog nisable by well-known' peculiarities amusingly caricatured. _ Brief inscriptions are placed under each picture to help the imagination. The Crystal Brook Agricultural Area.— The surrey party have finished operations on Crystal Brook, so people suppose that the area will soon be gazetted. It is.tnought that little, if any, duminyism will be resorted to in this case; and if so, the area will prove a notable ex ception when compared with Gulnare. Boo yoolee, Belalie, and Yarcowie, where thesystem ; is rampant—a fact patent to all who know any thing of these places. Time alone can prove whether the principals can protect themselves if their dummies break faith with them. It is very generally believed in the North that trouble and much litigation will follow as the result of this pernicious practice; and it is sin cerely hoped that the Parliament in its wisdom . may hit upon some scheme to stop such palpable ■evasions of law. Smart Ploughing. —The feat of ploughing 30 acres of land in one week was finished (says the Beaufort Chronicle) by Mr. W. Drummond, ploughman for 3Tr. B. Smith, of Bald Hill, The affair arose from a bet made by the boniface at Trawalla, who was firmly of opinion that no white, man could do the work within six days— from sunrise to sunset. Mr. Drummond accom plished his task, with more than half an acre of land to spare, working with Mr. Smith's triple furrow plough and four' horses,' guiding and. driving without assistance. During the last half-day, however, he UBed only a tingle- furrow implement—probably being fully aware that his victory was certain. Had he kept on with the triple-furrow he would have ploughed at least 33 acres. A Shake Incident.—A few days ago (accord ing to the Guardian) Henry Bartholomew, in the employ of Mr. P. Hynes, of Blumberg, - ' when working in a quarry threw down his coat near, but later in the day on leaving he took it up and carfied it on his arm for about a mile nnda half, and when he got home laid it down again to attend to something. Scarcely more than a minute afterwards he lifted the coat to put it en, when he found a black snake, four feet six inches long, in one sleeve. Bartholomew quietly shook out his snakeship on to the kitchen floor. The inmates bolted, but Bartholo mew stuck to the reptile until it was killed. Mb. Trollope at the Peninsula Mines.— The Wallaroo paper writes :—" On Wednes day etening Mr. Anthony Trollope, accompanied by the Hon. Thos. Elder, arrived at the Cornu copia Hotel, Port Wallaroo. On Thursday he visited the Moonta Mines, and, as in the case of every intelligent visitor to the Peninsula, was much impressed with the prosperity indicated on every hand, and with tne prospect, almost amounting to a certainty, that the great mining interest here located is yet in but its infancy. On Friday be visited the Wallaroo Mines and the Doors, again finding testimony that the Peninsula has an important destiny \- before it. During Ins stay at Wallaroo he looked over the Smelting Works, Ac. It was \- bis intention to leave for town on Saturday morning, but as bis stay is likely to be pro tracted in the colony for several months it is \- possible that we may again have the pleasure of seeing him on the Peninsula. The Queens ' landers objected in some instancesto the out ' spoken - reports in which their distinguished " visitor sketched some of their deficiencies that ; bad come under his ken. We do not apprehend that Peninsula men will wait with any anxiety to read what may be said of their district. Mr. Trollope has but to reeord what he sees and the ' result -Will be certain to give satisfaction." . -Mb. Walter Dufheld.—We regret to state that . Mr. Duffield, of Para Para House, near Gawler, was seized on Friday night, April 19, with apoplexy and partial paralytis. Dr. -Nott, of Gawler, was in attendance as soon as possible, and: Dr. Campbell, of Adelaide, his regular medical attendant, was with him early on Saturday, and has been in very close attendance upon him since. He has been gradually im proving since the attack, and on Thursday was . decidedly better. Proposed Medical Institute.—We are in formed that at a largely-attended meeting of the Loyal Albion Lodge on Friday, April 19, the propositions which had been submitted for united action in conjunctien with other Lodges and Societies to form a Medical Institute and Dispensary were unanimously negatived, and subsequent resolutions passed. A Committee were appointed to obtain information, with a view to independent action for the benefit of families of brothers of the Lodge. . Messes. McMeckan & Co.'s, Steak Fleet. .—The prospectus has been published of a proposed maritime proprietary, to be called .the ."South Pacific Steam Navigation Com pany," whose object will be to buy the fleet of steamers owned by Messrs. McMeckan, Black wood, & Co., and trading between Melbourne snd the yarions Australian and New Zealand ■ "Ports. •_ Messrs. McMeckan A Co., who are About, to retire, offer "their property, includ goodwill, premises, and stores, for £165,C , . . , 1,000, and capital required to float the concern is £200,000. This sum it is proposed to . raise by 20,000 shares of £10, on whieh £6 will at once be called, and in addition debentures for £50,000, bearing 6 per cent interest w31.be issued. Messrs. McMeckan A Blackwood are willing to take£50,000 in shares, or £30,000 in shares and £20,000 in debentures. It is estimated that the net .earnings of the steamers wfllamount to at least "£38,O00 per annum,_wbieh will give a yearly return, after payinglnterest, insurance, and other charges, of 15 per cent, per annum on the capital. Imt Manufacture;-—We hare seen samples of the writing fluid that Mr. J. H. M. Hawkes, of Carrie-street, (snow makihg.. The ordinary and extra qualities of -ink- arein Colonial bottles, stamped wift the name of the manufacturer of the contents and the - potter. TTie impression left upon paper is clear, and, although appa rently faint at first, it deepens into a jet' black. For the use of schools, and, indeed, any people who prefer ink material in a powdered state, _ either because of cheapness or convenience, packets similar to those already largely in use are turned out in a neat form. Dealers in breadstufifc and other traders, who need something that will leave an indelible mark, are offered tablefeof solidified.ink for branding purposes, or, when preferred, similar stuff can be had in bulk and bottle. The articles which issue from the factory of Mr. Hawkes the judges at the February Show A—;——* - ■■ Horticultural Society to the best imported,1 & mediation this enterprising young, colonist could hardly desire. _ We behove that next year the proprietor will be in a position to largely extend Ins operations, but meantime he is meeting with gratifying encouragement. The Hon. John Bakes.—We are Sorry to hear that Mr. Baker,M.L.C., is still very ilL Tugb.—Captain Wells, the spirited owner of the steamer Eleanor, proceeded to Melbourne by the Coorong last week to buy another boat to supply the place of the Young Australian, recently purchased by the Government for the Northern Territory. A telegram reoeived from him on Tuesday intimated that he had secured a suitable vessel, and his engineer left in the Aldinga to bring it to Port Adelaide. The enterprise of Captain Wells in supplying the necessities of the shipping is worthy of notice. The YoBTSCHBirrs - Vebeim. — The annual entertainment of this Young Men's Association was held in the Club-room at the National Hotel on Monday evening. The hall was beautifully decorated with wreaths and garlands. There was a crowded attendance despite the threaten ing weather. The proceedings opened with an overture from " Norma," well played by the Concordia Band, after which the President (Mr. E. Iiellmann) read a prologue. Selections from "Maritana" by the Band were followed by Benedix's comedy, in one act, entitled "Uner- j schiitterlich." After an interval the proceedings closed - with the side - splitting farce " The Process." The players, several of whom made their first public appearance that night, went through their parts to the entire satisfaction of the audience, who showed their appreciation by frequent applause and showers of bouquets. A ball, kept up till an early hour, was thoroughly enjoyed, the temperature being such that dancing" could be relished. Me. D. Mubbay.—Mr. and Mrs. D. Murray left _ Adelaide on Tuesday, April 23, by the Aldinga for Victoria on their way to England. A large number of Mr. Murray's personal and business^ friends accompanied him to the Port to bid him a pleasant tnp and a speedy return. Water Supply to Norwood and Kent Town,—In the House of Assembly on Tuesday the Commissioner of Public Works stated, iu answer to Mr. E. T. Smith, that "the residents of Norwood and Kent Town .will be allowed to fix connection pipes with the water main now' passing their doors as soon as the new reservoir is full of water. Mishap at Sea.—The steamer Black Diamond, on her passage from Port Wallaroo, lost one propeller, which occurrence will necessitate her being taken on the slip. The Locusts.—Millions of these pests have invaded the Darling District, going northward and eating down enormous quantities of green growths. • Farming Dottcngs. —Writing from Eonunga a correspondent of -the Siapunda JZemlcC reports: —This warm weather has stopped the growth of the grass and the young barley that was sown for green feed. The ije is all eaten by the locusts, which are very lively just now. A fresh crop of them are newly hatched, but the winter wfll soon stop their lacking. Frosty nights are | injurious to their constitution, and heavy rains i carry them away body and sleeves. Some of the ' farmers are Bowing wheat, but the land works I bad for want of rain. Ploughing is later this ! year than usual, and what is done when the j land is too dry is not well done, and would J sometimes be better left alone, as the produce 1 of it is generally a plentiful crop of bad debts, wild oats, and grumbling. Some of the lease hold farms not a hundred miles from here have been cropped for the last 10-yeara, and I believe that some of the paddocks have not once been properly ploughed four inches deep; but that system of scientific farming has nearly come to an end, for the land is not worth half as much now with the improvements as it was before the grass was kiHed by the sham ploughing. The result is, the tenant gets nothing but hard work, and the landlord thistles and wild oats instead of rent." Hi v j-.it News.—A letter received by a mer cantile firm in Adelaide, dated Tolarno, April 18, states that the Darling has been Atlling fast, and the weather has been very dry. A com munication from Bourke, on April 11, says : " The river is still very low, and there are no signs of a rise." From Menindie, on the 19th, we learn that the Darling has been very low for several days. Travelling Stock.—A mob of 194 fat cattle passed Weinteriga on April 18 from Williams's run, on the Warrego, bound for Adelaide. On the same date 320 prime fat stock, id charge of Mr. Tobin, passed Tintinalogy for Melbourne, from Sullivan's, on the Bulla. A flock of 6,000 wethers, from the Warrego (Mr. J. E. Kelly's), in care of Mr. Mclntyre, crossed the Darling at Wflcannia on the 18th. These are an excellent lot in good condition. Fat Beef.—There was exhibited the other day, by Mr. H. Packer, of North Adelaide, a fine bullock weighing nearly 1,300 lbs. The beast was Bred by Mr. J. H. Angas, and at tracted the attention of a large number of people. The animal was purely grass-fed, and was one of five that took the first prise at the October Show. Fine Beef.—We have been shown by Mr. F. Hince, of Hindley-street, some extra ordinarily fat beef, being the carcases of three heifers which he has just slaughtered, and which were bred, we understand, by Mr. S. Davenport. The fat on two of the beasts that we saw measured was of the surprising thickness of nearly five inches on the rump, and from four to four and a half inches on the ribs and other parts of the body. Adelaide Agency fob. the Australian Associated Pbess. — We are requested to inform the numerous applicants for this situa tion, rendered vacant by the recent death of Mr. Meyer, that the appointment has been made, and that the gentlemen who Were good enough to offer their services would have been individually informed of the fact were it not that their number renders this act of courtesy rather impracticable. The Chambebof Commerce Secretariat. For the position of Secretary to tbe Adelaide Chamber, vacant by the death of Mr. E. M. Meyer, there were about 30 applicants. The Committee of Management met on Wednesday, when it was found-that out of the list of candi dates the preference was given to "Mr. F.; S. C. Driffield, at present the Secretary of the Ade laide Marine Insurance Company,, who was • ^d&red; elected.' He secured five votes and Mr. W, J. Fullarton four. . Accidents.—On Tuesday Peter Healy, a lad in the employ of Mr. Jordan, of Cowandilla, while pulling at the tail of a cow dislocated his arm. He was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital, and is now. progressing favourably. On Wednesday James Maher, whilst working at a chaffcutter on the premises of Mr. Edwards of Adelaide, butcher, had his foot caught in a cogwheel, and the small bones crushed. He was also conveyed to the Hospital, where the fracture was reduced. Hoaxing.—Several brewers in and near Mel bourne have been duped by a fellow, whose plan is to walk into the office and ask that the traveller may be sent up to Mr. to receive an order. Before leaving the man is of course asked to step into the cellar, where he-gets all he wants—a good long draught of ale. - When the commercial calls at the address indicted it is found that the beersellers have been duped, for Mr. So-and-so has sent no message, and has no purchase to make. A, Matt,man Bewaeded.—A purse of 15 sovereigns was given on April 18 at Wflcannia to Mr. Everett, the mailariver between that town and Wentworth. The sum was subscribed by a few gentlemen in the district in recognition of the arduous services the carrier had "per formed during the late floods, and in appre ciation of his general character. Mr. Everett not long since reoeived from Mr. Crick," his em ployer, a handsome silver watch, in acknow ledgment of his punctuality in delivering all mails entrusted to him. The recipient must feel gratified under the circumstances. Darling BTtnb.—In consequence of lie late telegrams from Britain _and_ America .reporting the increase , in the . price in wool the Darling District has had several extra visitors, with the intention of .purchasing stations that,have been for-, some jtimo- in the ..market. Kelly's lot of 6,000 sheep were offered for at lis. to. 12s., but the price was refused. Ninbar and Tarawatta Buns it is supposed will change hands. Bark countryround Nila Lake has been taken up near Wflcannia within the last week or two, " \- MINISTERIAL INSPECTION.—On April 18 the Hon. the Treasurer, accompanied by. the Presi dent of the Marine Board, the Mayor, Mr. A. S. Neifl(Secretary of.the Sailors' Homel and several members of the Committee, visited the Home, in. order to inspect its progress, as also to take into consideration the advisability .of - removing the Marine Board Offioes to the Home, The proposal was discussed, and the matter is to be bought forward in the usual manner. The Hen. the Treasurer then, accompanied by the President of the Marine Board, proceeded on a visit of inspection to the Marine Board Offices, the Government Yard, the North parade Wharfs, and other plaoes connected with his department. - ~ Attempted Suicide.—Mr. Ownsworth, the . Bailiff of the Clare Local Court, foolishly attempted to shoot himself on Tuesday ~ last, while, it is said, under the influence of drink. Fortunately, remarks the Kapuiula Herald,, the attempt was unsuccessful—the injuries sus- . tained being flesh wounds in the face. We trust that like the man who recovered from taking stiychnine, Mr. Ownsworth's experience in this' way will deter him from m airing, a second attempt. We understand that he is a quiet and inoffensive man, and ordinarily one of the last who would be supposed to give way to such a foolish act. Adelaide Wesletan Mutual Improvement Association. — The annual, meeting of this Society was held on Friday evening, April 19, : in the Pirie-street Lecture- Hall. The Rev. T. James presided, and there was a large atten- : dance of members. The retiring Secretary, 1 Mr. EL Codd, read the report, which showed the | Society to be in a flourishing condition, although < the average attendance had not been so large \ as in the previous year. The number on the.; roll is 60. The Secretary's and the Treasurer's ! reports were read and adopted, after which i thanks were passed to the retiring officers. The i election of officers for the present year resulted as followB:—Secretary, R. J. Coombs; Treasurer, J. Lloyd; Librarian, L. J. Funnell; Assistant Librarian, C. E. Lane; Curator, J. Twigg. Committee:—Messrs. Coombs, Lane, Dobbie, Bonytbon, Broad, and Haslam. The meeting then closed in the usual way. Missions.—A tea meeting in connection with the Baptist Missionary Society was held on Thurs day in Mr. G. Prince's garden, Mitcham, the viands being served to about 120 people in a long arbour. The visitors afterwards spent some time in inspecting the pleasant grounds and admiring the orange groves. At night a fall audience assembled in the Mitcham .Chapel, where the Bev. S. Mead, M. A, delivered an -address on Indian Missions, with special refe rence to the one at Furreedpore, which, is supported by funds supplied from this colony. He illustrated his subject by the exhibition of maps and diagrams. Mr. Prince, the Chairman, and the Bev. N. J. Hone also spoke on the trials and triumphs of missionary labour. Christian Disciples.—The opening services in connection- with the new meeting- house in James-street, Mount Gambier, were conducted on Sunday last. In the morning the services consisted of praise, prayer, reading, exhorta tion, and. thebraaking of bread. One member was added by baptism. In the evening the service was conducted by Mr. I). Ewers, assisted by Mr. J. Bowering. The attendance was very good on both occasions. On Monday afternoon a tea meeting was well attended.' Mr. Pickett presided over a public meeting, when ad-, dresses were delivered by the Chairman, Messrs. Clark, Billing, and others. The build ing is of white stone with iron roof, and has a neat though plain appearance. Its dimen sions are about 23 feet by 31 feet, and it is cal culated to accommodate about 130 worshippers. There is a small lobby opening on either side to a passage along the building, the seats being arranged in the centre. The floor has an incline from the door to the platform, which is raised about a foot. A small table with a reading desk and a seat for three or four speakers occupy this platform. The place is well lighted at night with six hanging kerosine lamps, and the appearance of the interior is suggestive rather of comfort than display. The cost of the meeting-house, something under £200, is borne by the joint contributions of the members with out any aid from without.—Marnt Gambier Standard, Vehicle Accident.—On Saturday William Beresford, aged six years, was knocked down and run over by a vegetable cart in Wright street. His skull was slightly fractured and a flesh wound inflicted in his leg. He was taken to the Adelaide Hospital, and is progressing -favourably. Mishap.—On Monday a couple of lads put a son, aged four years, of Mr. Henderson, con fectioner, Hindley-street, on a horse without a saddle, and tbe animal started suddenly, causing the little fellowtto fall off and break his left arm. He was taken to the Adelaide Hospital immediately. Promptitude. —On Monday afternoon the chimney of a wooden shanty in one of the back streets of Port Adelaide took fire, and burnt fiercely, and it is worthy of notice that both the reels were on the spot within five minutes. Fortunately no damage was done. Death in the Bush.—The remains of a man have lately been found 14 miles north of Blanche town. The body is supposed to be that Of an old Scotchman who left the Destitute Asylum about ten months ago on his way to the Darling, and perished en roitle. The Murbay.—This river is still receding at an average rate of three inches per diem, and should a rise not take place within six weeks the sandbanks between Blanchetown and Wentworth will be as great an obstacle to the J.H.P., or. indeed any other boat, as the mudbauks in the Coorong. ' Cinchona Babe.—Quinine is admittedly one of the most valuable, yet unpleasant, medicines that poor rick humanity can take when a tonic 13 needed or fevers prevail. The desirability of presenting Peruvian bark in a form if not posi tively enjoyable yet bearable by the palate has long been seen, and'tbe want has to some extent been met by Messrs. Faulding & Co. and Bickford & Sons, who, in addition to vending imported preparations of the powdered cin chona, make_ the physic drinkable in the form of quinine wine. Here the almost horrible taste of tiie bark is so disguised or overcome that the grown patient, though he cannot absolutely relish the mixture, doesnot "turn "fronTit with nausea, while children do not object to drink a liquid that looks so sparkling and clear. The Anns named are, however, themselves publicly notifying their view of the excellence of their \- wares. SPORTING. — At the settling on Thursday night for the Yorke's Peninsula Races Mr. W. "Ward, the Secretary, stated that £170 had been received, and after payment of all claims a credit balance would remain. Angling.—"We are informed that on Thurs day three well-known anglers caught 20 dozen fair-sized whiting during the course of a few hours in the Port River. Gawleb Athletic Club.—At a meeting- of this Club, held on April 18 (says the local Times), it was decided not to hold the annual sports this year. Lion Show;—At Mount Gambier a lion named Wallace, having for his companion a dog called* Tiger, are being exhibited to crowds of people. Fine Heifer. — At Noarlunga there was killed last week by Messrs. Candy & Lemon a grass-fed heifer that was reared on the property of- Mr. J. - Stewart, late M.P., and-which, though only four years old, weighed 964 lbs. It is not often that a beast of that age carries so heavy a carcase. Mb. George ObmeboDj—Mr. Geo. Ormerod, of Ormerod & Co., died at his Robe residence on . the 10th inst. The death of one so long and intimately connected with this district could not but cause" the most painful sensation. For some years past_ Mr. Ormerod has suffered from general debility and a mental malady, the result of an overwrought brain. Frequent rallies had given hope that he might yet live many years; but during the last fortnight alarming symptoms showed themselves. Many far and near have watched anxiously the fluctuations of this last attack, still hoping his great vitality would carry bim through; but he expired on the evening-of the 10th. Mr. Ormerod was a mem ber of a very old Lancashire family, and was born at Rochdale in 1822. He came out to Vic toria in 1842, and amongst the pioneer squatters settled at. Naxracoorte, about 1845 to 1846, on the station known as the Narracoorte Station. About 18 years ago he settled at Guichen-Bay, opening up a large business there," which aided greatly in the development of the South East. Mr. Ormerod shrunk from a public career, and the only public positions he held were those of J.'P. and Chairman of the Local Road Board. These were retained as. long as health per mitted. The funeral took place on Friday afternoon, the body being interred in the Robe Cemetery. The procession was largely attended, some coming over -50 miles to be present. Many residents from -Bingston testified their regard by following the remains to the grave. - The Rev. H. Howitt, of St. Peter's, pre&cheda; funeral ser mon last Sunday, in which Mr. Ormerod's many good "qualities were. appropriately alluded to. Mr. Ormerod's constant liberality to the . Robe Church and all that, promoted good in his own immediate neighbourhood was specially alluded to. Mr. Ormerod has made a will, and it is understood that the business will ., be continued as heretofore for the benefit of hir widow and family," _ Vital Statibticb.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of. Ade laide during the week ended Saturday, April 20 were :—Births—Males, 18; females, 28; Deaths—Males, 17; females, 15. Total—Births, 46; deaths, 32. Exoesa of births, 14. Hew Zealand Immigration. —The Nelson correspondent of the Argus mentions that — "The Scandinavian immigration that has been tried by the Government does not appear to have_ gratified the public of New Zealand, who are impressed with a desire to see oar own countrymen settle amongst them in preference to strangers speaking a foreign tongue. The special settlement of Norwegians and Swedes, who have been located on (he lately purchased Manawatu block in the Wellington province, is not deemed, by some at least, a satisfactory ex periment, the habits of the new settlers not being distinguished for the neatness and cleanli |~ness infavour of which Englishmen have some thing of a prejudice. Smallpox, too, broke out on board a vessel with Scandinavian immigrants which a few weeks ago arrived at Wellington, and the growth of this disease was, it is said, in no small degree attributable to want of proper cleanliness on board. The vessel was quaran tined for some two or three weeks, and the immigrants were hutted on .an island in Wellington's spacious harbour. All danger of infection is now gone, and the male immigrants have been taken up the country to be put on their land, their wives and little ones remaining in the depot until dwellings of some kind are prepared for them." Licences in Fiji.—in this Maud kingdom publicans' licences can only be obtained on" payment of a fee—For town, of £50; country, £25. Sugar Refinery.—A factory is about to be commenced at Wagga Wagga, the machinery having been bought in Sydney, to work upon the cane known as the Planters' Friend. Large Losses.—A letter received in Mel- j .bourne per the last mail from England tells j that the losses incurred by the Liverpool and < Loudon and Globe Insurance Company, in con- j sequence of the great Chicago fire, amounted to j a prodigious sum. The Company has been i called upon to pay £600,000, and all the insurers' , claims have been satisfied. - It is remarked by j a contemporary that " in the whole history of I Insurance Companies, this is the largest amount that has ever been paid by one Company on account of one fire." i Victoria upon South Australia.—It some times does good for people to see how others regard them, and what impressions are produced at a distance. We therefore clip the annexed expression of opinion from a late issue of the Melbourne Daffy Telegraph :—"The South Aus tralian Parliament reassembled, according to the telegram, and, of course, with a new Govern ment. A shepherd, it is said, knows the face of everyone of his sheep, but one may question whether Sir James Fergusson nan recollect all bis Adelaide Ministers. His Parliament supplies him with one Government after another until all count of them becomes impossible. We are lost in a confusion of Blyths, and Harts, and Bou cauts.andHugheses,andStrangwaYSes. Victoria is bad enough; but taken all round, South Aus tralia is probably doing a little more than this noisy colony to bring constitutional government into contempt, tbe more galling because it is well deserved. Three months ago Sir James. Fergusson, as if in despair, tried the experiment of sending members to their constituents, but with no happier result. The House on resuming did nothing but debate whether it had confi dence in the Ministry, and whether the character of some of the Ministers was all that it should be. There is one peculiarity, indeed, which the Adelaide House possesses in common with our own Victorian Legislature. In the aggregate, members assure us that it is the most honour able and august of. bodies, but by their own showing, taken individually, it is composed of schemers and rogues. Both Sir James Fergus son and the country must be heartily weary of the present state of affairs, and must be sighing for a remedy. Extending the suffrage is no cure —it has been extended to every man already. Wanted a plan which shall put good Ministers in office—men the calm choice of ah impartial Legislature, and shall let them feel steady there for a period till they can mature their plans and prove their merits. VJe are_a_long way off that consummation yet." The Trans-Continental Railway. — The Argus, in a leader upon this scheme, remarks that " The enterprise of the South Australians appears to be in inverse proportion to their numbers. Nothing daunted by the difficulties tbey have experienced in carrying out their great telegraphic enterprise, they are already agitating the question of a railroad across the continent." After describing the project and the effects expected by its promoters to flow from it, our contemporary says :—" A little con sideration will show that some of the promised advantages are never likely to be realized. Whenever the trade between these southern colonies and the East increases, it" must neces sarily be by sea, owing to the comparative cheapness of water carriage. It would hardly be wise to send flour from Adelaide or Melbourne to Port Darwin by rail for shipment thence, in stead of putting it on board at the place of pro duction, Time would be saved, of course, but at a cost which veiy few goods could bear. Then, again, immigration would never follow such an expensive route. The journey across Australia alone would probably amount to as much as is now paid for a steerage passage from England. .Although we do not think that either Victoria or New South Wales, or even South Australia itself, would reap much benefit at present from the construction of such a line viewed as a channel of communication for trade, there is little doubt that ti^e latter colony would be benefited by tbe increase in her popu lation, and by the stimulus it would give to settlement throughout those large portions of her territory which are now lying idle. But before consenting to alienate the vast tract of country asked for, very strict stipulations would have to be made concerning the number of immigrants to be introduced. Without settle ment the line would be nearly useless. As it is, it could not he expected to pay its working expenses for years, and there would therefore be a charge on the land. But without population the land would yield nothing. This point de mands, then, the most attentive'consideration before the. South Australian Government com mits, itself to the scheme. - Properly conducted, this great enterprise might he made the means of promoting the prosperity and progress of the sister province to an extent beyond the utmost expectations of its originators ; but any failure to appreciate before starting the conditions under which alone the undertaking can prove a success, would certainly entail heavy loss on the colony, ana cover Australian statesmanship with shame." The -Australasian alludes to the scheme "as one that has been thought out in a business-like manner, and that at any rate it is not the wild, baseless speculation it was at first considered." In its letter home the same paper remarks:— " Inthesedays, when the American continent has been crossed by a railway that seems likely soon to have parallel ones by its side, when a railway to India is seriously discussed, when the Alps have been pierced, and it is contemplated to tunnel under the Straits of Dover, there seems nothing difficult to the imagination to canceive a -journey by a rail through the vast interior of Australia, where, amidst its immense solitary wastes, gallant explorers were encountering hardships and difficulties, and heroically spend ing their lives in the cause of discovery only a few years ago. An Outside View of South Australian Politics.—"That is not altogether a pleasant pro&peet; for the South Australians which is laid before them in the Treasurer's budget speech," comments the Australasian. " Political life in that colony has long been in a most disorganised 'state. Ministry has succeeded Ministry, and has again fallen to make room for its successor, and all the time no public question,-no great political principle, has caused these changes which have been brought apparently by mere personal considerations. Politics in that colony have degenerated, so far as outsiders can judge, into an undisguised struggle for office, in pur suit of which' all general questions of public policy have been lost sight of. And now that Parliamentary business has ' been re sumed- it has fallen "to the lot' of the Treasurer to have to 'lay a very unpleasant financial statement before' the country. His budget speech shows that the estimated revenue and expenditure for the year will leave an unfavourable balance bf £94,627. This defi ciency he proposes should -be. made up by the issue of exchequer bills, and he warned Parlia ment that if it consented to any addition to the expenditure it must be prepared to add to the burdens of taxation. It is to be hoped that public affairs in South Australia will assume a steadiness they have not for some time pos sessed, and that its representatives, abandoning the dissensions which' have so long- impeded the work .of legislation, will-bow .'with- a common spirit'apply-themselves to -the. task of endea vouring to improve the'financial position of the country." -The paragraph so nearly represents what has been the state of politics in South Australia that fault can hardly be found with it. We believe, however, that' .we are justified in assuring anxious' friends at a distance that the Parliament has at length; turned' over a new VlCEBBOAL—The Governor held a Council on Thursday, at which all the Ministers were present. except the Commissioner of Public Railway Cases.—An information was laid at the Port Police Court on Thursday morning against Ephraim Stod art, master of the Mary A, 'Wilson, and Alexander Reid, master of the Sailor Prince, under the Railway By-laws, for wilful damage to a carriage. Messrs. Bundey and Dempster, who appeared for the defendants, raised an objection to the proceedings, on the ground of the By- laws not having been proved, and the case was accordingly dismissed. Ano ther charge of interfering with the passengers was also dismissed on the same grounds. The Rainfall. — The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Wednesday and the same hour on Thursday at the undermentioned places:— Adelaide ... 0*070 Gawler ... 0*335 Kapunda ... 0*280 Auburn ... 0*200 Wallaroo ... 0*210 Moonta ... 0*270 Clare ... _ ... 0*310 Melrose 0*180 Mount Barker... 0*410 Strathalbyn ... 0*190 vvillunga ... 0*080 Normanville ... 0*150 Port Elliot ... 0*165 Goolwa ... 0*290 McGrath's Flat 0*110 Robe 0*190 Mount Gambier 0 *280 Penola 0*140 Narracoorte ... 0*100 Gomeracha ... 0*130 London Missionary Society.—A public meeting was held in the Independent Church, Angaston, on Tuesday, April 23, at which the Rev. J. Gibson presided- The Rev. J. P. Sunderland, the Australian Agent of the London Missionary Society, who arrived from Sydney on Sunday, spoke nearly two hours, giving interesting and gratifying accounts of missionary labours in Madagascar, Africa, aud the various groups of islands west and north west^ of Sydney, also in New Guinea. He was cordially thanked for his able address. Collec tions and subscriptions, amounting to £10 13s. 9d., were received in aid of the funds. Mr. Sunderland proceeded to Truro next day, thence to Kapunda, Clare, aud other towns. He will preach at the North Adelaide Congrega tional Church on Sunday evening. Improvements at KLadina.—It is noticed by the Yorke's Peninsula paper that the large shop and premises being constructed in Kadina for Mr. Gufner by the contractor, Mr. T. R. Heath, of Wallaroo, is being rapidly proceeded with. In the centre a large arch, 21 feet wide, has been thrown across the front of the shop. The beams upon which the weight of the upper storey will principally rest are of jarrah timber, and the posts down the centre of the shop are iron ones, nine feet in diameter at the base, cast at the foundry of Mr. Heath, at Port Wallaroo. Adjoining, Mr. Bawden has recently erected a very commodious workshop, for which Mr. Nettle was the contractor. Also, in the same street, a large shop and dwelling-house are being erected for Mr. Rule; and in various parts of the township other buildings are being put up. With the increasing mining population around, apd the large number of agriculturists settling in the vicinity, Kadina bids fair to become at an early date a very important centre of both trade and population. Newtown, situated to the west, and Pittenweem in a south eastern direction, are both townships of some im portance and magnitude, and are making a rapid progress. Large Potatoes.—Mr. Wm. Sanders, of the Hundred of Caroline, has left at the Mount Gamlier Standard office a sample lot of un usually large potatoes. They were grown upon manured land, the seed being planted wide. The crop turned out equal to between seven and eight tons per acre, and although many of the specimens measure nine inches in length by ten inches in circumference, and weigh up to 2 lbs. 5 ozs., they are sound and solid all through. Gold Item.—An old resident of Eangarilla has begun searching for gold on his land, Dash wood's Gully, the indications being considered promising. Painful Injotries.—On Sunday one of Mr. A. Shannon's men was riding on horseback to drive the tire of a dray on with a sharp axe when he fell off with it in his hand, and cut his throat in a shocking manner, just missing the jugular vein. He was taken to the Angaston Hotel, placed under medical treatment, and hag progressed so favourably as to be now pro nounced out of danger. Housebreaking.—One day lately Mrs. Hick man, sen., left Clarendon for Happy Valley, and on returning next morning found her house door broken open, the bedroom ransacked, fruit that had been packed strewn about the place; but, worse than all, a £10 note taken from a small box. This is a serious loss, as Mrs. Hickman is a widow. No trace of the burglar has been found as yet. Fire.—On Sunday a fire occurred at the worianen's hut on Mr. A. Shannon's station, Duckponds. There was not much damage done beyond the loss of the men's clothes and bedding. Playing with Lucifers.—On Friday a fire at Mr. S. Smith's property, Yalumba, near Angaston, destroyed two cottages occupied by his cooper, with the whole of the household furniture. It was caused by the children getting matches and setting light to the curtains. The flames spread to the thatch before sufficient assistance could be obtained to save the pre mises and contents. Prize Wool.—A wire message from Messrs. Beilby & Scott, of Sydney, to Messrs. D. & W. Murray, of this city, on Thursday, intimated that Mr. C. B. Fisher's wools had been awarded | the goM cup and first prize for combing sorts at the Exhibition. I Telegraphic Communication with "Great Britain. — The Argot learns from Captain . Sweet, who with Mr. W. Townaend, jun., has reached Adelaide in the Aldinga, that there is every probability of messages being received from Europe by the connection of the Overland Telegraph from Port Darwin to Port Augusta by means of a horse-express in the course of the next six weeks. Captain Sweet estimates the gap separating the two ends of the wire, which is between the Catherine and Newcastle Waters, at less than 150 miles, a distance which could- easily be bridged by horses in three or four days. The dry season, which lasts until December, having now fairly set in, Mr. Todd anticipates that the work will proceed rapidly without further interruption. The Roper is described as a fine river, three-quarters of a mile wide at its mouth, and resembling the Brisbane river. It was found to be navigable for 90 milles by vessels drawing 15 feet of water. The stream is fringed with mangrove swamps at its mouth, but higher up beautiful park-like lands extend along its banks for many miles. Captain Sweet bas prepared an elaborate report for the South Australian Government. The following account of the cruise of the Tararua is published by the Argus: — "Captain Pearce reports leaving Newcastle, N.S.W., on February 6, and meeting with ordinary winds and weather until passing through Torres Straits on February 14. The Tararua arrived at the Roper River on February 18, but, contrary to expectation, Captain Pearce found no one there to take charge of matters or tender the steamer. He left for Port Darwin on February-20, and arrived there on February 24. -On reaching Port Darwin and communicating-with Capt. Douglas, the Government Resident, that functionary refused to take delivery of the stock and cargo brought round by the Tararua. Captain Pearce . then returned to the Roper, arriving there on March 3. On his return visit -the Tararua was boarded by Mr. Todd, Superintendent of Tele . graphs, and Mr. Patterson, leader of the construc tion party. These gentlemen reported to Capt. Pearce that they had been at the camp at the time he was at the Roper River, and had left no one at the mouth of the river to await the arrival of the Tararua. On March 5 the Tararua steamed up the river, and arrived at the camp, which is located about 100 miles from the river entrance, on March 8. After landing stock and stores, and taking in a supply of timber for fuel, the Tararua left the camp on March 23, and came tbrongh the Straits by the inner passage, calling at Townsville and Cleveland Bay, where she got coal enough to bring her on to New castle, at which port she arrived on April 10, and after taking on board 520 tons coal, left for ! Melbourne on the following day, and arrived in Hobson's Bay early yesterday morning. "The Tararua has brought back several passengers from Port Darwin and the- Roper, amongst them being Captain Sweet, who took, round the South Australian Govern ment schooner Gulnare, . and who has been engaged in marine surveying at the ■Roper, and in piloting up "the various steam and sailing vessels which have been there The reports by the latest arrivals from ' the Roper River fully confirm all that has been already stated concerning ■ the favourable nature of the country^ in so far-3s it < has been prospected. The advantages, natural and otherwise, for settlement are said to be considerable, and a quantity of the soil has been ! brought round here for analysis. Rumours of there Being auriferous country in the vicinity are also prevalent, :ahd it is believed that before many months have elapsed the members of the construction party will nave become adventurous I diggers. The Tararua will be taken up on the ' slip to have her hull cleaned and her rudder un- ' shipped and the. head repaired. . These repairs completed, she will again resume her station in the New Zealand trade." . The Nationaj. Thanksgiving nr London.— He American papers hare the following teie grams under date February 27:—"The celebra tion in honour of the recovery of the Prince of Wales was of the grandest character. The pro cession commenced from Buckingham Palace at half-past 11 in the morning. As the Queen left the palace the voices of 30,090 children sang the National Anthem. The services in. St. Paul's Cathedral consisted in singing a grand Te Deum chorus written for the occa sion from the 115th Psalm, followed by the reading of prayers and a sermon by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Fifty seats in the Cathedral were set apart for working men, free of expense, at the special request of the Queen. The choir was composed of picked singers from the various royal chapels. At the conclusion of the religious services the procession was formed again, and moved west- ; ward. The whole route to the cathedral was seven miles in length, and the procession was four hours-in position. The Emperor Napoleon and party were present at a house in Oxford street, though they had been invited to the Army and Navy Club, of which institution the ex-Emperor is a member. The decorations surpassed everything ever known. Miles were given out on contract to be ornamented at the expense of the metropolis. At the corner of Farringdon-street a splendid triumphal arch was erected which cost £4,000. Another, hardly less splendid, spanned Oxford-street. Flags, festoons, and tapestry wreaths of every conceivable character were displayed from house to house, also from the windows and across the streets, presenting a perfect wilder ness of scarlet and blue cloth, gold fringe, and gorgeous decorations. The best estimates place the number of spectators at 4,000,000. There were 11,000 troops, besides the London police force, keeping the streets clear along the entire route. Strong fences had been erected, and there were besides three double line6 of police to keep the crowd from obstruct ing the procession. Every shop and house along the route brought a fabulous rental for seats. Ordinary four-story buildings were let for £100 for the day ; one vacant space brought £400. The western front - and entire dome of St. Paul's was illuminated at night with ship lanterns and the lime light.. The Bank of England, club houses, and all public buildings, as well as the shops of purveyors by appointment, were illuminated. The streets through which the procession passed were illu minated with parti-coloured lanterns along the entire route. The illuminations will be repeated to-morrow night." A message dated February 27, midnight, mentions that " several serious accidents happened. One man was crushed to death in Trafalgar-square, and numbers of people were' more or less injured. Two stands, each containing 150 persons, fell, and many were badly bruised." The Vintage. — In the neighbourhood of Clarendon the yield of grapes has been far below the average, and quantities of fruit have rotted on the vines without coming to maturity. 