THE DEVIL IN BRISBANE. The following amusing case wan tried at the law sessions, Brisbane :— DESMOND V. BATTY. This was an action for £15 for personal injuries. The plaintiff was Jeremiah Desmond, laborer, residing in Lower Glasheen, and the defendant was Mr Thomas Batty, the proprietor of the circus performing in Great Georges- Btreet. The process stated .—" The plaintiff claims £15 damages for loss, injury, and damages sustained by the plaintiff through the carelessness, nealigence, and mismanagement of the defendant, he having in his circus in Great George-street a certain aninial called a camel, his property, which animal he, in tlie month of December," 1871, negligently and carelessly permitted and suffered to escape and break from said circus, and wander through the streets and up to the Lower Glasheen road, where said camel did force its way into plaintiff's house, and there injure, knock down, and bruise said plaintiff, by which injustice lie had been put to expense and loss of time." Mr Hayes for the plaintiff, and Mr J. T. O'Connell for the defendant. The plaintiff', on being examined, deposed that on the Friday before Christmas he was sitting ai the door of his bouse on the Lower Glasheen road, minding some pigs' food. His wife was at work within the house. He and liis wife had been talking abput ghosts and about the devil, and about half-past 6 o'clock, while they were so talking, " a queer thing" came up to the door. He screeched, for lie did not know •what it was—lie thought it was the devil— Slaughter). It had a long neck, big legs, and a Lump ever so big on his back. He screamed, but lie could not stir—he was so frightened. It put its long neck and its two fore paws in, and •crushed him against the side of the door with its shoulder. It got in a couple of feet inside the threshold, and left the print of its paws there. Mr Hayes : Why didn't it go in further 1 Desmond: Oh, sir, the hump — laughter— the liump was so big he could not get in the door. (Renewed laughter). I got such a fright I was not able to eat as much in three days as in one day before. (Much laughter). How did he get out ? He backed out again the way he came in. I could do nothing to him. Grossexamined by Mr O'Connell: What did you think you had before you when you saw it ? The Devil. (Loud laughter). I believe you had been talking about the devil? Maybe I •wor. (Laughter). But were you? I wor. (Much laughter). What put the devil into your head, that you had been talking about Slim? Faith, I could not tell you. But what sort of a tiling was it? Oh, his neck •was as long as from this to that box (pointing, amidst mars of laughter, to a jury-box about 15ft. from him.) Had lie anything but this neck ? Faith, he had a hump on his back, ever so big, and he had long legs, and eyes, and a big mouth. (More laughter.) Do you see anything in court that you could compare him to '! I don't then, I'm sure: When he came in the door I would give all the world to get him out of sight. (Great laughter.) Did you get up off the chair ? Indeed I didn't—a better man than me could not do it. (Renewed laughter.) Did you attempt to shove him out ? I did not try to shove him out. I did nothing at all to him, for 1 was afraid of my life of him. Faith, if you had bayonets you could do nothing at all to him. (Great laughter.) I was not able to go work for four days after, for I got a pain in my heart from him. (Roars of laughter). Mrs Desmond (wife of the plaintiff) said—My husband on the night in question was minding some pigs' food at the door, and I was at work inside. All at once I beard a bitter screech out of him. I looked down and saw the thing " a blow" me with his neck stretched in as tar as he could stretch it. "Oh," says I, "pray to Almighty God, foi-it'snotliinggood." (Laughter.) " May the Lord resave our soul," says I, and I fell down on my knees in a fit. (Roars of laughter.) Did yov ever see the like of it before? Oh, no, sir. What happened before? The boys about the place took it away. Cross-examined by Sir O'Connell : What were you talking about when the animal came to the door ? My husband was blaming me for being out so long, and he was talking about ghosts and the devil. When J looked and saw the animal, says I, "it is the devil is there now surely." (Shouts of laughter.) Mr Hayes : That is the defence at the other fc : de, your worship—that it was the devil was there and not the camel. (Laughter.) Mr Gregg ; Didn't your husband say to you just before, " T.'ns devil take you."—"Witness: He did, sir. Mr O'Connci! : Is he in the habit of talking about the devil I Well, he was, sir ; he was too often in his mouth, as T often told him. (Laughter.) Didn't you think it a just judgment on him that the devil should make his appearance to see after him under those circumstances ? "Wislia, I suppose it was sir. He waB after calling on him too often, and it was serving him right. (Laughter.) Has he been talking about the devil since i He has not, sir. (Laughter.) . His Worship considered the plaintiff had re- ceived da for £3. — mages on the occasion, and gave decree Quir.udaiiil Times. Latjkgeston Benevolent Society.—The following is the return of tlie number of persons relieved during the week ended July 3, 1872 — 46 men, 79 women, and 217 children. A young lady, recently married to a farmer, one day visited the cow-houses, when she thus interrogated her milk-maid — " By-thc-bye, Mary, which of these cows is it that gives the buttermilk!" 