CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. The socond sossion of tho second Synod of tho dioccso of Goulburn assorablod on ThurBdny lust. Tho mombors attondod divine sorvico at the catliodrul at olovon a.m. Tbo President took his seat in tho hall of the Mechanics' Institute shortly aftot- throo p.m. Tho Right Rov. tho President dolivorod a lengthy addros", nndor throo headings — 1st, The Provincial Synod; 2nd, Tho Gonoral Con ference; and 3rd, Local and Diocesan subjects. From tho latter we extract tho following : — It now remains to offer a fow obsorvutions on tho diocosan topics which will bo proposed for our consideration by various momboi-B-of tbe Synod. Endowment Fund, — A proposal will bo mado that a parochial ondowmont fund should be formed fur the sustontation of tho clergy of tho dioccso needing assistance. Tho sum of £50 lms ulrondy been contributed by ono district lis a nucleus for such a fund. Now if oach parochial district iu tho dioccso would on the average raise a sum of about £190, wo might I boliovo appeal to a society in England for a benofuction of £1000 to meet our diocosan contributions. But tho uggreguto sum of £5000 must bo first col lected. 1 heartily approve of tho suggestion that such a fund should bo l-uisod, and warmly commend tho project to tho frionds of tho cburcb in tho diocese. YVidows und Orphnns. — Yon will also bo asked to consider tho propriety and duty of making some provision for tho support of the widows and orphans of deceased' clergymen. If each clergy man licensed in tiio diocese, anil dosiring to be- cotno u subscriber to tbo clergy tyidoffs and orphans fund (for I prosume thnt subscribing clergymen nnd tlioy only undor any cireum- Btnncos should pariicipato in tho benefits of tho fund) wore to pay nn annnnl subscription of fivo pounds ; if, bosidos, tho parochial authorities of onch district wore likowiso to coiitrilnito out of church funds n sum of not less than fivo pounds for oncli clergyman omployod in tho district; and if, in addition to those, thd luity of tho several parishes would support tlio fund by liberal subscriptions nnd donations, the scheme would speedily bo established. Tho committoo which it is proposod to nominate in connection with this project would of course draw up ruloH for tho formation and mauagoment of tho fund. Board of Trustees. — The appointment of a boord of trustor by tho Synod for all church property within tho dioenso is a subject which will roquiro tho most carnftii consideration. At present tho laws prohibit such an nrrangemont. Each private d'mor of land, and oach district wheroin thn Gnvornmont makos n grant of land for Church of England purposes, is at liberty to make a choico, nnd to oloct oithor lay trustoos, or tho bishop of tho diocese and his successors, to whom the land may bo eonveyod in trust. Patronage.— Tho quostion of patronage nnd of tho presentation of clergymen to tho incumbency of parishes anil orclosiastical districts within tin- diocose of Goullmrn is ono of great importance and difficulty. It is well known that it involves tho bishop in continual nnxioty; but it is not equally known that it also ontnils upon liirn a much larger expenditure of money than parishes aro nt all aware. It is not therefore, at least in tho dinccsR of Goiilhiirn, n privilege which any ono covots. or which tlio bisiiop desires long to retain. At. tho samo timo the feeling of solemn responsibility in having to provide 'faithful and efficient, pastors for each flock in tho dincoso, would lead thorn to bo particularly careful under what circumstances nnd conditions lie would bo willing to assont to any ordinance on tho sub ject. Whenever the Synod considers that tlio timo has arrived for a now arrmigornont, it would I think bo necessary for tho Synod to appoint a board of nominators to not in concert wiLli a oourn locally elector! by such as have in nny parish n rijjhb to veto for tho election of a ronro- sontutivo to tlio Synod. In tlio Sydney dioceso a prosontation ordinance 1ms boon ndoptod ; and tho casos to which it is applicable aro limited to those in which provision is mndo for securing to .tho olorgyman a siipond of not loss than £300 por annum, togothor with a suitable rosidonen. Systematic Bonoficoiico.— Tlio proposition that an nddross ho prepared by a soioct committoo of tho Synod appealing for increased liberality on tho part of tnoinbers of tho church in tho dioenso, is singularly opportuno. It must bo gratofiilly acknowledged that by tlio onnrgiosofa fow, very much lias boon accomplished in promoting tho advnncnmont of parochial organisation in several districts, and that to our Church Society wo aro dooply indebted Tor tho material progress which hns boon achievod. But when wo look abroad ' . ovor tho dioceso and soo 40,000 mombors of our I church scnttorod over its surlacc, and tlion I examine tho rot urns of froo contributions sent to | our Church Society for tho past your, and 1 aiscover thut tho nvorngo sum given by each of | tho above members of tlio church for t.iio "onornl missionary objects of tlio dincoso nmnniits oti I v to aeyotiponeo per head, it is too evident that, 'tho spirit of liberality and or nnxioty for tlio religious welfuro of tlio community lias not yet boon poured out upon tho diocose. Again, if wo investigate the cases of tho twenty-one parishes which pay tho stipend of thoir minister throii"li the medium of tho Church Society, and learn tint tho avorago paymont from oach individual ineni- bor or the church for tho arduous and «olf- doiiymg sor/icos of their faithful pastors amounts only to the sum of two shillings per howl per annum, wo liuvo cnuso to liumblo our selves ns a dincoso and to pray that Cod would graciously stir up such a spirit of justice amongst us as would prove that tho labourer- is noknow — ledgod to bo worthy of his hire. wui "igu — ,>iui rogaru to tlio oxtonsion of tlio hours within which mnrriiigos may hp colobrnted m the dioooso, I can only repeat what I said on a former occasion, that if it can bo shown that, ns a bishop of tho Church ofEii'daiul, I .have authority to givo sanction to such a donation from tlui ackiiowlodgod practico of tlio church of winch wo aro n part, I will not with hold it. Travelling Clorgynian. — Tlio quostion of ap pointing a travelling clergyman to stir up tlio Uilloront parislios in tlicir duty to their cloroy and to the Church Society, is ouo wliicli lias been mootod froquoiitly. If tlio clergy can find a suitable person Ibr this oliice, and provide for tho oxpensn of his sustoiitiition, ami tlio co3t of his travelling, I shall bo glad to grant him a gorioral liconso for the purpose. Statistics.— I regret that tho statislical ques tions, which were sent forth by order of tlio Synod, linvo not boon so promptly answered as was desired. But I trust that progress will bo made bolero th,o publication oi tho procoodincs of Urn present session, and that (ho standiim committoo may lie instructed to porsovoro in lii'o inquiry until n comploto summary is obtained. When tlioso returns aro duly imidcuiid tabulated it will not bo difficult to furnish tlio information in connoction with tlio incomes of tho clergy, tlio amount of oflurtory collections, &c.; Voto by Ordor.— So Irmg ns tlio number of lay roprosontativos, autliorisod by tlio constitutions to bo oloctod in the sovoral districts, placed under tho enro ofliconsod clcrgvinon, exceods tlio tuim- bor of such clergymen, voting by order would soem to bo just and cquitnblo. Besides, liio con stitution cannot bo altered by tho voto of tlio Synod. Assessments. Tlio last Synod diroclcd tlio standing committoo to urrrngo that t.iio amount of tho liability of tlio first standing committee in tho matter of tlio diocesan periodical should bo raised in nn cquitnblo assessment of tlio various parislios of tlio dioceso, t.iio sumo to bo kept- distinct from tlio general assessment, for which soparnto provision was mndo. In tho report of tho standing committee prosontod on tlio 11th of March, 1871, certain liabilities in connection with tho nbovo jioriodie.nl woro clearly staled ; but "these woro inadvoitently omiltod in tlio bnlnnco- shoet npponded to thut rcjiort. Nevertheless, if all tho parislios will contribute tlio amounts at which tboy woro rateably nssossod on tlio 23rd of March, 1871, by tho standing committoo, tlio re maining liability will bo cancelled. Several of tlio parishes aro also in arrcar for tlio general expenses of tlio Synod. Cutlmdrnl.— Finns for a cathedral church in Qoulburu linvo been obtained from E. J. Blackott, Esq., of Sydney, 'llioso linvo boon gonoraliy approvod, nnd tlio building committoo has resolved that tho present unsightly building is to bo romovod, nnd tlio foundations of tlio now building laid without unnecessary delay. As this is n diocosau undertaking, it may bo necossary to remind tho Synod that it is dosiralilo for thorn to commend this object to tlio support of tho frionds of tho church in tho diocoao at largo. Church Society.— Tho report of tlio Church Society will bo laid on tlio tablo. There is n general wish, in which I concur, thnt rejiorts should bn published nt nn curlier period of tho year. This can readily ho urrnngod, if all tlio correspondents who remit money to tho eoni- mitteo will bo kind enough always to soml there with a jirueiso stalomoiit of tho object Tor wliieir it is designed, and a list of contributors. This plan would enablo the secrotraios to preparo tho roport for tlio pross in January eacli yonr and to publish it without delay, 1 dosiro onco mcro vory stongly to coinmond" tliis valualilo society to tho liberal support of tlio clorgy and all the moin- liors oi tlio churcli in tho diocose. I sincerely trust that wo shall all ondonvour to rondor tins sossion more practically useful than somo which liavo preceded it ; and that wo shall gradually gain n clearer porcoption of tlio true dosign and vnluo of Synods, and of our duty to tlio church, jray tlio Holy Ghost presido over our deliberations, and guido lis in our solemn and rosponsiblo work, that wo may bo otidowod with houvenly wisdom, saved from all prejudice and orror, and unitod togotlier in tho bond of brotherly lovo and mutual forboaranco ; so tiiat in tho end tho Gospol of Christ tgay ho faithfully pronchod throughout tlio diocoso, and tlio poo|de led obediently to follow tlio samo to tho glory of our Divino Lord and Master Josus Christ. A iongthy discussion took plnce on a motion of tlio Itov. '1'. Dniitt — "That it is expedient that a fund, to lio callod tlio parochial endowment fund, bo raised with ns littlo dolay ns possiblo ; to lio invnstod in tlio name of tlio bisiiop, nnd to lio administered by tlio Synod for tho sustoiitii tion of tho clorgy of the dioceso nooding assist ance. " Mr. W. O. O'Noill soconded tho motion. 'I'ho Cliiincollor moved tho prorions quostion. Tho motion wns carried, and tho following cnimnittco forinod to carry out tho foregoing resolution, consisting of tlio Rovs. S. S. Harpur and 'L'. Dniitt. with Mossrs. S. II. Bolchor, J. Boucher, A. ,M. Betis, and W. O. O'Noill. Tlio Rev. T. Druitt movod— "That it is highly desirable thut iinmediato stejis bo takon for pro viding for tlio suitable oducation of tho sons of tho clergy, and tlmt n committoo bo forthwith formed for making tho nocossary nrrangomonts." Thn Rev. A. D. Soaros Bocondod tho motion. The Rev. S. S. Harpur opposed, nnd Mr. "W.C. O'Noill supported, the motion, which was subse quently withdrawn by tho mover. The itov. T. Drnitt moved — "That it bo ro- ferred to tlio standing committee to doviso some provision for tlio decent support of tho widows nnd orjihuns of docoaBcd and disublcd clergy men." The Rov. Mr. Locko seconded tho motion. . T'" in" J N. M. |nning moved an nmondmont in favour of clergymon having a Sundny collec tion mndo in ovory proaching-placo, nnd tiint tho distribution of tho monoy bo loft to tho Synod. Tlio Rov. S. S. Harpur opposed tho nmondmont. After somo furtlior discussion tho amendment was lost nnd thn motion carried. — Abrid-'od from Goulbum Herald. 