THE TICHBORNE" BARONETOY., With respect to the. alleged 'discovery of:" one of the Bella'e crew, the followingdeclara-. tion has been made to: lr GuildfordýOnslow,. M-.P., and the Claimant :-" I, Morgan Har ris, of Gower Court, Parka.s'reet, Swansea? do solemnly, and sincerely declate that I am. 68 years of age, and have lived all my life at Swvansea, I have had 20 childresh, of whom . 11 are now living,;of whom blargan is the., eldest, and will be 42 years old on December 22 next. He is a sailor, and has been to, sea ever since he was 16.years of age. He : has told nie, Ibathet was in the, Bella some' time in 1854, and also that he' was wrrecked in that ship,. nd.that having been picked up . at sea he was landed at Australia. He also.. told me the name of the ship that had picked him up, and I th!uk the name was the Os prey.. He first told me of this after his re turn to England, after being absent about 10 or 12 years, and lthise was about 18006. The way Ihe mentioned it was that in'talking. to gather he said, ' Well, father, I'l ave been. wrcked.twice-I- was .wrecked In the Bells. and the Thetis of London ; in.. the; Bella in. 1854,,and in the Thetis in .1856.' . I have often spoken of his having been-.wrecked in the B1ella. sh-be told me, and itik'well known to my family and others. He ncme to Swan-= seaa-lost Satuiday, July 27,' and he went off again in the Corsyra steamship on, Friday evening last:- -Dulrlng-his'.stay here -I-sald td him, 'V'Why don't you go' down an'dtcel.l Mr Crook all you know about the Bella?' nnd he'replied, ' 'll beo d-- if I do until I come back. In ,talking to' him about hisl being saved from the Bells, he has told me. that one of the men saved with him from the Bella was Mr. Tioeborne, who afterwards in. ,Australla went by the name of Castro. And I make this solemn declaration," &o.; ';,The preeout tide of prosperity in theo coal 'trade ha- been disturbed at theo Broughton Colliery, near Vroxham, by the ppearanceo ofr a gliost in the' underground workings, which has lied the offeot of frightoning some of the colliers from the pit. None of the men • profess to having a sight of the spirit who Rp pears to -have taken up his abode in this " vasty deep," but they all confess to having heard at times the most unearthly sounds, and when they. proceed to searoh for the cause the same noises are beard in qulto an opposite quarter.. The fear that has taken hold of the men is such as to Interfero eon siderably with the working of the colliery, and .it shows that colliers, like sailors, are exceseively superstitious' on thie ghost: question. 