TO WHOM IT CONCERNS. b tile Editor of the Oseieslan d .l5men. Sm,--A most disgraceful scene took place on Sunday last, immediately after the religions service conducted by the Primitive Methodists. It appears that a certain forked creature in shirt and trousers, who is so well known for his temperance touting, pure Billinggate, end bullying proclivities, made it his business to attend this meetiog with the object of breaking the peace by icoulting 'a certain in dividual, whom he had the insolence to accuse of giving publicity through your columns to.o certain mean depredations committed in this neighbourhood some abort time sine. . In a few words, this aonkin1.the.Grdpi conoeives himself made on purpoie to aunt Io'hi .nuperiors, be. cause he may posses a little of the force of. that animal with four lets and a tail which he so much resembles. It does not; therefore, follow that he has a right to insult people coming from a place of worship. I would remind this pragmatical boaster of aPolice Court in Ipawieh, from whence redress may be had, whish will most certainly be brought to bear on a repetition of such conduct. Yours, A WITNESS. Ipairich Relserve, January 0, 1872. A poblican at Maryborough seems to have been taking the law into his own hands in a manner that maylead to his being placed in the felons' dock. "A few days ago (says the Puide Bay and Burnett Newm) Mr. Bonarius, of the Bonthern Gross Hotel, had the pleasure of administering a reproof to a hblaecfellow. It was in this wise: Mr. Bonarnos had been troubled a good deal by blsnfellows stealing grog from his bar, whenever by any chance it was left unguarded for a moment, and for some days he had been on the watch to catch his coloured visitors. On the night in question Mr. Bonarius had seen some blacks prowl ing about, and secreted himself, with a South Sea Island club in his hand, behind the taproom door to -c watchl. Presently he was aware of a blackfellow creeping snake-fashion on his stomanoh into the tap-. room; he waited till the fellow was well within the S room, and then "wool'd" him and fell dpon him with the club, belabouring his unwelcome guest to the besti of his small ability, eventually seizing him bhy the neokb and crop and throwing him into the street, when some of his comrades picked him up and carried him away. Mr. Bonarius has been understood to nay that he heard some peouliar sounds during the club bing process, and that he feared some of his coloured friend's bones might have been broken. Mr. Bonarius does not expeot to entertain (blaok) anges unawares again this season." He would not be mush surprised, we should think, to receive a visit from the ; poowr fellow's ghost before long. 