^.:v:;¥;.;:THE;tATE::;EAqES.^;f||'|i '''?'?[*.' Old Jorrbok's; Ghost', has - sent ;:u8;'sbtna' lbngthy i'l notes' on thtflato RaooMooting.i-.-W.^ aro' unable to publish moro than . a.few.extracts,: however, as follows :-—] .. . :? '??? ..-.????. -.'-.,?.'?,?:?:'. h?/ 1 -;Tho Forcod Handicap only brought .two homos to tho post, and I don't wondor at it j for tho. other winriors woro handicappoa oioan oupoi wio race. ?-? I loavo tho handicappors to explain, liow 'it -was, but will, for the information of tho public, ? givo tho' weights : tho horsos carriod. in the Dis trict Plato and their positions : GrpyskinV was' top woiglit, Ost. 91bs., Promior, Ost. '41bs.,. Fish- hook; ,8st., and Judex, 7st, 1011)8.: , Tlio race was won by Judox, Premior second, the nuiro third, ami Fishhook 'last. Now.,:how in tho namo of goodness did-;tho handicappers in tho Forced Handicap differ, so materially with .thoso in the District. Plato 1 I-h'ave.'bobn'. informed that tho 'same haiidicappora oilioiated in both handicaps, but; this certainly : B.eoms absurd- especially when :'I kiiow that oiio of iho hanclicappors in the' Dis- trict Plato declared that, had old Promior had the -tlbs.. off,- thp result would have, hobolioved, ?boon, a Ariid'heul for that :raco. .Now, lot mo review thp races refbrrod to. In tho District Plato, Groy skim mot Promior fresh and allowed him 5lbs;, but was boaton oasily ;in the Forced ?Handicap the mare, aftor running in tho Ladies Purse, is handicapped 71bs. above Promior. Fishhook recoived 1st. 41ba. from Promior in tho District Plato, and !waa .boaton a long way ofl' ; in tho Forcod Handicap Premier was handicapped only 71bs.- above him. Judox received 1st. 81bs. from Premior in tho District Plato ; in the Forced. Handicap, Judox; af tor. running in: tho Ladies' Purso, 1 milo and a distance, and tho Annual Handicap, .? 2 miles, was only allowed 51b3. by Promior, who had not started that day. I will loavo it to any impartial, person to decide ' \yhothor Bost's, Powell's, or Nolan!s f rionds:wero not justified in grumbling :?, ?, and whothor, if tho sairib ' parties ?';'? ofliciatod as handicappers all through; it is not bntrageons. '??.''?.:?. Anu'iiow l snouia into xo maiw n iow rom.irKB anont' tho protest ontorod against , Fishhook for tho Minors' Purso; In tlio first placo, although I considor tho docisibn of -the' Stowards to boan accordance with tho literal- '/nwrnwg of the advortisoniont, I must say that it is docidodly not in .accordanco- with- tho '.? intontion of the framors of tho programme This particular race lias always been intended as an -inducomont. to our local mbh to procuro raco horses, and it has always boon v/onhorotoforo by local mon arid local, hordes, and iiono othor. It is .niuoh. to bo're grotted that tho advortisomont should have-boon worded in the .slipshod and caroless manner it was.v I find, howovor,. that tho odvortiseinont for this raco,. as.publiahod in last yoar's pro grammb, was exactly Biinilar. Ts it not Btrango thivt Mr. Nolan should not havo discovered then, that ho was qualified to run for the.prizo with his horso Fishhook 1 This query can, I think, bo oasily answorod. Mr. Nolan, know woll onougli ' that tho raco was intended for. horsos belonging to bond file rosidonts of this goldfa'old and not for outsiders ; but for somo reason which has not boon clearly oxplainod ho dotor minod to run Fishhook tliis yoar. I also wish to make afow obsorv»tions as to tho mannor in whicli tho decision. of tho Stowards was arrived at. I am told it was ljintod protty broadly at tho mooting of tho members hold on tho ovoning of tho second day of tho races that ono of tho Stowards was interested in this raco, having laid bots against Chieftain, and I am also told (hat tho sanio Steward sat in tho hoaring of thp pro tost. If this bo true, all I can say is that tho conduct of tluB oflicial is highly, reprohensiblo and cannot be palliated ; and I vonturo .-to say +.li«fc f.lin prm(i^lftn^-n nf v»i/»/-lwii-ttri. nivnnra in Aiir Club will bo considerably shaken if it is known that amongst its officials thoro aro mon capable of such conduot. -A Stoward, abovo all men connected with Iho Club, should be abovo sus picion. Tho Stowards, as a bo;ly, woro vory lax in tho porformanco of thoir duliioa. How camo it that this matter was not decidod upon boforo tho v.'ico was run, when Mr. Boat distinctly stated in his protest that ho objoctcd to.Fisli hook utm tin /f. ?...' Supposing Mr. Nolan's horso had been baekbd huavily By tlio public under thp impression that ho was qualified to run, and it had afterwards boon decidod that ho was not : how could tho. Stowards have justiiiod thorn solves / . Tho settling took place at Thrower's Free masons1 Hotel on Thutsrtay evoning. Mr. Nolan, in tho course of -some remarks, roforrcd to the dangerous posts around the running on t)io course, and advised that less dangerous, but equally usoful, po3t3 shonld bo put in ; ho also statod that he thought this would bp his last racing visit to Gynipio, and roferrod to his bad luck in having his rider killed last 'Christmas and his hbrao R-oyalo destroyed this yoar. Mr. Nolan also advised thoso who could afford it, and who roquirod a horso, to got ono that would bo ablo to do credit to its ownor on an occasion likn th« nrasont. mid wliich would cost loas to kbop than, and answer tho ownor'8 purpose equally as well as,' a ' cock- tail.'' Not afow of thoso prosont complainod of what thoy tormed a want of courtesy on tlio part of ? Mr. Nolan in thus referring. so jfoiutodly to rosidonts on Gym pio. .1 don't- think Mr. Nolan meant anything annoying or in bad taste ; but I decidodly agree with thoso who considorod Mr. Best's namo worthy of montion as a plucky local turfite ; that gentloniari has aefcod with spirit in purchasing, at a largo fignro, woll bred horses, and ho has boon unfortunato ; but Btill, thovo should not bo a singlb sportaman on Gympio but who ought to. wish him bettor luck noxt. time. For my part,. I havo groat coniidonco in his colt Chieftain, and shall not bo at all surprised to soo him uphold tho i crodit of Gympio yet. ? ?? ' Mr. Nolan, after some consideration, 6oncludod that his horso lioyalo-had a, much bettor chanco with' 7st. up for 'tho District Plate, and conso quontly scratched him for tho Maiden Plato. I think ho' actod wisely, and, tho Stowards wero much too hard on him in fining him £3, as tho highest penalty was £5, and it is woll known that Mr. Nolan did not withdraw lloyalo for any other motive than to give him a bettor chanco for thi£-'.iandicap. Besides, 1 don't think ltoyalo was backed to win a ponny in tho Maidou Plato. Some of tho Stewards stated that thoy woro su'r prisod at Mr. Nolan being fined j nevor having had tho caso brought before thorn.. ft, mnv hn infnvflstinrr to remind vour readers that this is tho third Gympio Turf Club Amfual Handicap to bo credited to Grafton ; that is to say, ho has won all of them. . This apparently shows that our couuso is woll adapted to his stylo, of going. I understand that Grafton's career as a racor is ovor, as Ben intends to put him to Iho stud ; no doubt the lovoi'3 of a good horso will bear tlio fact in mind. . Neaiily Caught.— During a. class mooting hold by the Mothodist brethren of a Sonthorn 'village, Brother Jones wont among tho coloured portion of tho congregation. Finding thoro an old man notorious for his ondoavonr. to soryo God on tho Sabbath and Satan tho roat of tho wook, ho said, ' Woll, Brother Dick, I'm glad to seo you horc. Haven't stole any turkeys sinco I saw you last, Brother Dick?' .'No, iio, Brudor Jones, no turkoys.' ' NovauychioKons, Brothor Dick I' ' No, no, Brudor Jones, no chickons.'- 'Thank tho Lord, Brother Dick, that's doing well, my brother I' said Brother Jones, leaving 'Brothor Dick, who immediately roliovod his o'yor burdonod conBoionco by aaying to a noar neigh bour with an immoriso sigh of relief, ' If ho'd a Baid ducks, ho'd a had mo !' , Among tho CQinpotitors for tho darning^ pri'zo lately oliurod at the Georgia State Fair; U.S^, one lady prosontod a stocking so iieatly-mondod that tho judges could not find tlio mark of a noodlo about the daxnod thing. ? ? (~ ., ..-'; 