MR. STEWAIIT'S LEO URE ON TIlE ENGLISH LANPUAGE. I DEtIEVE tbat many';f those present this evening are not anro of the great an?dl growing importann of the study of languages, and the jry remarkable resultsa of modern inv tigation in this department of human pnquiry. Tho soiootilio study of ling u tics, viz., of the connootion of one lunguj withl anothor, the examination of tbn aliinities and thie differences which oxis otwaoo languagoes of the same group, o~ twoen different groups of languagns is comparatively modern; and I vntoure to say that no pursuit has done .moror is likely to do more, to enlighton us a tbo origin of nations, on the divorsit asoxisting between the various nations o tho same stook, than the study of bujlno spoonh. It is foreign to my snbject o disouss theo many ingenious theories wbh haven from timeO to time boon advanood to the origin of spnech. Some have iold that man in solitude-if he could it in solitudo W'ould be as mnuto as ao lower animals; others (and this was, til quito lcoontly an opinion strongly I Id by, I believo, the great majority, lit to and illitorato), wero of opinion thoat ¶no or two humaln beings, if placed in position of entire isolation from their f lows from infancy, would speak Hebrew This niotion had its root in the pro iling belief tha~ Hobroav was the lan ag of the first pair, Suoh discussions on only raise a smile, and are profitloss i the extrome. To spoeak is a necessity man's rational and emotional nature, speaks bhauous ha thinks and fools: and as tho ])ivina author of his being has endowed him with oevery nctessary function for the performance of his duties, and with aovery napaoity nmcessary for thle enjoyment of his existnuce as a social being, so Hie Ihals endowed him with the power of spaooch. This power of spaoeb, then, is common to the whole hluman rnooa: but there are nor tain modes or forms of speechl, which have i spocial interest for students of humanity, Those langumogs in whiioh have boon prem sorved the great monuments of human thought; those languages in whinb the prophet or poet may Ihvo poured out his soulj those languages in which are eam balmed lor over the earlier triumphs of human intolligoneoo,-must possess an attraction far greater than the uncouth dialoot of a barbarous tribe or the coum brous language of a stagneut oricaotal civiliseation, The languages of the on. oafit Jews and Grooks are of spacial interest, seeing that in them are written the laws of the most perfoot system of government and the most poraoot system of mnorality. The lam nag of ancient JIomno hdas prosorod t'our time the pontry, hilsophy, d j 1al code oh a people who laid the fndatn of modern Europoadioivilisation. ut far more in. torosting to ovor peoploa ust bhe the In.. ,uoggshap aolves spo\\.k To us, the Finglilt must be tho primo'object of in teorest; and to its hislor~y, as far as time will permit, I intend to apply mpsolf this ovening, For languages h?ave a histtory. They, liko datlons, have a birth, a growth, a maturity, and a dooay : and the laws whioch regulate their progress from the first faint indioatious oh a sopirate oxis. teno' to their oxtinction as lviing Longauos, appear as fixed nod immutablm as thiose. rhich. govern the physinal lifo of .an nldividuq?i, Far back in a romnoto antiquity, whoen jnodslbly Europo was;an uninhabitod jun. glo, theore lived in Western Asia, and neast of thie Oaspian Soan,a pooplo to whom the namo Aryan ieas been given, We know little or nothlng from aut?ontlo hIietori aol rcoordsof, the existenoe of such a poo. pie; nor do thner exist nny of those staone otructures in wiloh we :road as in a book tltdhhio ory Ofinolant Egypt dr Assyria, The iiforonoe tlhant such a people existod is the roasult.of a oomparison of languages on'd'miwvlth'ilib' othir, the proodes of reason jog being akin to thIat of ,tha goologist. As thet goologist, intorpreting thie inasorlp. iibn'ivi itbn by naluro hIrsolf on the rook ti6l8t1a''o" the oartlh, anrrios us back mayrladsi bf igod before man appeared upon the ssoo at'allhand mokos uis to be present, soto speak, at thie oroation siaolfi so the studont of languago, Intarprating slifully tho ifoslils and potrafantions of dead tohgudso, is able to spoill out he ropond tioro, thia records of tihe past and obhtin Sglimpso into 'theb cloud that rests noveri the ldawo of the ages. , Comparing, thoroe' fore, thton IndleoStions one with anthoer, philologists are agreed that.stnh ij'popiplo dilioxlt, spankling a Imanguago from wthlaoh havo been derived nearly all Ihd:lan. gungas of modern Eurnp andl Western Asia-,- hoying some in; mnystorioins to us,,nnd whiaoli has subhaall Ilhrough all Ltbltory firnm fiis conItra litrn tlnos'lik ,k pinnao to thIe northl.wast,. Th llrsi awarmi formdilthn 01/ls, who saom at one tolo to bh.~eoupied a great part of Euorope. 'At a subsequent epoch came the ancestors of the Italians, Greeklrs, and German or Te'utonio peoples; and still later in the history of this mother people a general dispersion eems to have taken plaeo- part proceeding southwards, throtgh the passes of the Himalayas on to the plains of Iliodostan, and part settling in lPersisa and the valley of the Eurphlrates. So nmuch seems to be conclusively ascertained by a compiton of the languages be. longing ot -thoe Aryan stook. I nm cusuc te te'o toll of thle still more etartlil1'nfer noes whichl have been idrawu from tleseo researches, many of tloem appearing fanciful enouehl, otllers :seomiug to be legitimate deductionos from theo premises: but time will not permit. T'ie languages, then, between which modern scieneo has established certain afinities leading to thg conclusion that they had ae..mmopn-origin in Western Asia, are Ss soria (the mother of the modern' Hindu di a of Hindustan), Zond (the languneg of the ancient Persians), Greek hich is yet' the languagoe of Grocee), hatin (tiho language of the Romans, and tlc mother of modoren Ltalian, Spanish, and Froncl), Oeltie (once the language of great part of Europe, but now ofnsined to Wales nod ::ome parts of Irelsod and .Scotland), Gothio (whioa may be taken as the ancient type" 'tilhe modern German languages, including E?nglish and Scan dinavian), and Sla onio (spoken in a variety of dialoets 1l over Europenn Russia and great of Austria). Bc. twoon all thelse I unges certain close resomblances can traced, establishing beynnd doubt a c man origin. A fetow examples will ?os his intimate rolation ship: Englilsh. Sanseertt. O . Latint, Russian. Cello. msother mnatri mtoor ntor mater mathlir sister ?" suntra daughter i" duktor tday dy dive dies d liena die door dslar diver dor sit sitl sides s od sihlan three trl tres tri trl isc se , see These oxamples might be tmultiplied in. definitely; but enough have been given to ahow upon what grounde of comparison the affinity of the langudgoe of .theo Aryan steaook.haes booeen establishabod. The Englisb language, then, as derived from the Tautonio or German family of tite Aryan steaook, is related in a greater or less degree to all tlhe members of the same raeoo: and tbo scope of the following remirks will embrnaeo an oendeavour to show the eharootor of that relationshiip and the onuses that may have produced a oloser naffinity to one or nnothor of these klincrcd toon es. And it may be well in ttis placoe to rfer, however briefly, to tbt hlistory of the Britih Islands prior to tbhe Anglo.Saxon invsioian. Fifty years before the birth of bur Saviour the curtain is lifted from tie darkness shrouding the island home of our aneestors. It was then the Roman legions, the uneonquerod battalions of the world-subduing Roman raooes, first set foot in Britain, and tho groat man who planned the oonquest and partially efeocted it has handed down to all time a recoard ofl thoese eovents, so rmomnontoeus. Little did proud yet tlng nanimous Cmsar dream whelon philosophi. eally diseussing tlhe manners and eustorns af the lairbarous liritons that, as time rolled on, tihe dseondants of tlthose painted savages would have founded a dooilnion vaster than the thean Iknown world, stretohing noross unknown seas, and girdling another hemisphere. Tb.ho B]ritoe of that time was a being akin to the New %onlador of thirly years eogo, atlogiln and painting his body, with a worship of strange dbitieso; abouonding in toys. torious and bloody h'ieos. Bolonging to some branoll of lo0 Coltio raeoo, whioh at a remoteo opnoh bad omi grated from the plaitsi of Asia and overrun north-western I?uropo, the 3Britlnin of 1800 years ago spulho a langunge perhaps almost identloaf with tihe Welsh aInguago of thel presonea day. WheorevOr thle oostquoring omn lanloted his foot, Ito left bolhind him trafd's of hlis preoance, Under the imporinl as~ay, of tbo Cmosara, the arts of poeace floulshed, stieas were founded, roads were obt, nod Iunloipal institutiots established; TPhe material ovidettnces of the presoaeo of the lRoman, in lIritain still exishin the srumbling romains of mighty frtilloatlons, buried walle and military ae pns: and we havo blltorioal ovidoneao to(lsow tharit, during tho Roman oooupasion of Britanin, thirty. throo townships wofo establisehed, aolh possoeslng'poworn of seolf government andI touqioua, and tBho inhtabitants of each alooting thtolr own nsnators, from whom the magistrates wore nppointed, i: We may be partly inldobtid to thls, tle RIoman Ilnfluoeo on tlbaCel]tio eloement of our population, for the system of mtaunlol pal freeoodom and local self rule, to wahlth so mush of our glory add our power hlave behoon justly attributed. ]lut the IRtomnans wore a eonquoritg, not ? oolonisng people, andti no real fusion of tlit two people tookl plaeo; nor did the o nlu'o rors impoose thoir languago on theeonnquerod: and though the Latin has 1ad a most impor. tant Influonco on the 0ormation of the Enaglish langtingo ns a w spoken, we are not to look to the Ro im oeaoupation noas thoonsoofthatinfluoon. When, noearly live hundred years Aft Omsar's landing, the last Roman leglos loft the lrltish shores, summonod t defend the fast falling dominion of ? tno in Italy, they left boblind thom a?p o splendid monu* soonls of nrolhltecturo nd noble maxima of olvil polity: 'but th language hlad:in a veary small extenti hieed modlled tile langunge of tho con ored. They left heohind tlthom towers, tebpon, and theatres, wliobh exclted tho' wc Iaer and awe of moro savageo invndefa'ethey left behind them the lidoeas of mu lolpnl government, and' thbo maxima of a lendid system of lawe: hbt the Colts, 'hom they hadi tublued, romlneio Colts nstill, No hintlgamanltilon had tn on place no fuinlti sf the oanqtiuror an the conquinred. Some rolianoment, no hubt sft?tned Ist loroa sannersr' of t? sanag Oolt and poerhnp, too, sentioe of oologant loonlatious ntos of thei Roman v' iuptlary heid undeor. tslned Iho rude an horolo virtsir of the tnaloet lrllo: i ?so0 int ho bit the tnoro easlly roll a prey the o neit Ivasder, And it is t cstint ndxt invader we owe tho essential elhlgents ofour noble language. As we said Teforo, 'oto of those great weves from the Asintic plains, whicb swept ever Europe in pre.historio times, bore the aneestors of the Teutonio or German peoples, and these have been divided into High German and Low Gernan, High German is the term applied to the dialoats spoken hy the races dwelling in thu interior of Control Europo; Low German to the peoples ia* habiting the seaboard. ]roco these Low German tribes came at various periods and ftom different localities, the many expeditionary and piratical hordes,whiph for 200 years after the departure of the Itoroans preyed upon the anriest inhahi. tants oa Britinin. The successive invasions of these low German peoples may be briefly referred to-(1) Jutes in 420, occupying southern England, espenially IInstpasiro and the Eels of Wight; (2) tie Saxons about 477; (8) the Angles or Engles aboni 547. These people in. habited the region lying along the shores of the North Sea west of Denmark. It would be unwise in this plaoe to diseuss the numerous and conflicting theories eon* corning the exact locale of these various tribes. It is enouglh for our purpose that certain races or tribes of men from the northern shores of Germany did invade and finally subdue the Coltie inhabitants of Britain, imposing their laws and language upon the conquered. The pro. cess by whieh the, German invaders succeeded in supplanting the language of the atnioict lritonsaseems to have boon long and doubtful. eV road of fierce and sanguinary wan extending over a period of nearly 2 years with varying fortune on either ai ho balance at last settling in favour f the Touton. A molanoholy interest ches to this period of our history. Titers is something touching in the extinetion of anything which has been nonneated with our humanity. There siaometlhing espooially touching in tbis long and weary struggle for existo craf a people and a language. Glimp esfaint nod few we got ef the dim tum~i Vand battle storm of that time. Totthis period belongs the halffabulous story of Arthur, whose traits majestic even in tbo bald narrative of the ochronicler are drawn with Homeric power in the page of Tennyson, As we said, a long ehaotio period of slaugister ensued upon the withdrawal of the Roman legions, until the Coltio speaking population were all but exterminated; a few forlorn tribes found refuge in the fosenesson of Wcu o nod thl rooky itoroes of Corownw Sqle writers have believed that the Bxterla tion of the aneioat BriconsnqP ..-oaiP etc, and that the islbn diasa rpooplod by euocessivo immi. grations of Saxonse nd other German tribes, Tisis wouldoxolude the Coltic element in our national cltarictor eltogo. titer. And hero occurs an exoollent illestration of the value of linguistio study in hlistorjeal investigations. Dr. Johnson, the Urestoet authority on the Enelith Ianguags ofJhis day, assorted that the Colcio oloment did not enter at sill into the struoture of our, English tongue, But modern investigation Itas not only shown the fallacy of this opinion, but, in addition, has establisaled a very important feot, A great tmodern Esiglie seololar hlas collected a list, nshout thirty in num. her, of genuinso Colio words in our modern English; and to thecr I beg to call your partioular attentiotn- basket, barrow, blustcon, icran, clout, crook, erooi, gusset, kiin, cco, dsinty, darn, tenter, fleian, flaw, funnol, griddle, gruel, welt, wicket, gown, wire, mesh, mattock, map, rail, rasher, rug', solder, sice (gluo), tnoclle, Now, you will poroojso tisat these words apply not only to inferior employ. ments, but by far tbo larger number of them apply totattiolss sf feminine use, or to domestio fsse tidic oocupitioas. Sup. pose, thon, that,' in a cordnrce' with the savage ouatoeusmrl Tt mtes, the Saxon sonqsuerors put all their male prisonars to the nword; exoopt a few whom tluy kept as slaves, and that thoy tooni to thlemseloes woives of the eonquorod, and this 'list of words Is exactly sus assa one would expect to. fnd under the circumstances The Saxons coam by sea, nod in small squaci. rmoeat a time, nod it is not likely that titey would he aooompanied by Choir womon on invading expeditioce, A feov women may have attended thom;.but in general tiseytnust have found tio mothers of their childron among tics population of tie country whilh they connquored. We are thlie ablo,'not only to aooount for the character of 'the Celtio sorde,svhlcl are found In very 'lncgunao, but coma light is thrown upon thi oharnator of our people icsmlf, To. thc stendinos anai roelootive inllllgeanoo of thie pitre German is added in tlce linoglisb chcaraotr is added some of the fire and' oeiegy oa the 0Clt:. 'Io lic the inevitable perslatonce of the German. obn. rnolor 50 acid soms of tlce dash and encrgy of the fory Gaul, . Thoe baos, thon, gf thIn linoungo which weo ponk, w ra id in t of tie Soxon poopls who, >ont th ! Rning of tho novrnth cint Ad thomnolvoe no micro l(R. ailtbO? port of tho blond of Grot ]trint htor b ocon tihetit nRa to a certain biut bry lirnitp4 oxtont,'muixnd with Dociti, nod wo bhna now to.onaolodr thie Aonglo.Snco tonguc, tho ahnogna it erodcrwont, apd tioe noonoo Alone it roodirod, unil it dorolopod into tho glorious languagaJn whlio oro writ. t0n thulioww of the too A foroemost notinin of tho corth. The t1n Anglo.Snxon ic of madrn origion our forfaothore onlled themnoncsls nnd thrlr~l aungog Jlpgliso, Of thot Iongungo thfmroa. ro two prinlpoi dialoota, rio,, thoat onobo by tho Anglco, who. had anotid ah liysin tih north of iEngolnd; and thoft aof hn hy tih Saxono; owho hod oettbnd ohbiele in tho oouth And this tcrm,Angnl.Snao In hoe boon odoptod to deaignaton la ingugoi Ilo , forned by o union of thooc twoj oloote, boonmo in the a oeith. ontnor$ the writton Inn. angon of theo English pople. Now, you will bhoir in mind thentti hs Anglo- Snaon tongnd formn tin hnr grounoniwork of our sinooh of to-dny'; * ot tine lnguogo of connmmon onvrydoy i, of tin nfotioalln, it tin reinticoehips a faaidtiog onsong tih nciumbero of fomniliie, th onions of. thi hoenrnly holl0n1, niii thi oorc fomlniar n0poo50o of extornol tnturn ·nro Angloi Saxon; and that a man may to-day, using no other words than those of Anglo Saxon origin, expressnearly every emotion of his nature, or relate any event in his history. All the numerals, one, two, three, and so on, are Anglo-Saxon; all the ordinals, first, third, &o.;, with the exception of second, are Anglo.Saxon, and theo absence of a term in AngloSaxon for seconnd arises from the fact thiatin Anglo. Saxon and loolandio there was no specifico otlinal oorrespondipg to two,-its planeo being supplied with oiher: ono,l other third, &o.;, The namesof the familiar or gans of the body, of the simpler emotions and sentiments, the arts of domestio life, the duties, cares, nod troubles with which ire become acquainted, not by booka, but in theo daily round of human experience, are Saxon. Nearly all words of one syl Inablo in our present language are Anglo. Saxon. To the Anglo.Suxodl then, we owe all that class of words which express simple as 'distinguishebod from' oomplex ideas. The foeelings to which men in a primitive condition of society were liable, thebo loves, the fears, the hates of an age whou men may tave been loss refined than they now are; but when they weore not afraid to express an hoinest sontimont by an honest word, whoso language there. fore was direct ind true as their own open upright nature. I am not one of thoeo who yield to the folly of deploring the good old.,times: but. I am inolined to think that, if we have gained much in material comfort and intolloottinl culture, we iavolost'mulch, very much, in losing thobiabit of calling things by tlheir proper names. We are too much afraid of wounding the feelings of others, and shameoless iniquities are daily.perpotratcd under some deceptive and ouphoninus name. A tradesman adulterates his goods, or overreaches his ncustomors, and we call it shtarpnoes, and applaud theo successful rogue. A mon robe his creditors, and we say he hoas outrun the oonstable, or he has boon whitewashe'od. ut ?ifthl our Saxon forefathers a robber was a robber, anod a thief a thief; .nor did 'thoy sook to juggle .with words or palter with them in a double sense. 'Weo thus find that the expression of all strong, simple emotion is beoat reoderod 'by.' Anglo.Saxon 'words; that poetry, whieh'deals chiefly with the 'ternor or softer natural passions largely employs 'Anglo.Saxon words; and the language of pathos add prayer is Baxcn; and that just in proportion to the skill withl whiOch these Saxon words are oem. ployod by the poet, \Ithe author, or thbo preaohor, so is his influence on the popular mind, MMr. Marsh, teio eminent Amenri can authority on thit English language, has entered into ao Jteroasting onlonula. tion as to the propotion which words of Anglo.Saxon origin bear to wh'at, for our purpose, may le _elled foreion words in our best wrfire. HIIo las found, for. example, in 8lchqptors, of John's GospOl 96 per Oest; 3 bchaptors of Matthew, 98; 8 ohaptors of Luke, 02; and 3 baopters of Rdmans, 90; Shakos. pearo, "Honry IV,," act i,, scone 2, 91; ditto, " Othollo," not v., 89; ditto, "Tompost," not i., 88; Jhilton, "Pars. diso Lost," book vi., 80; Popo, " Essany on Man," 80; Johnson, profaooe to dio tiouary, 72; Gtbton, " Deooline and F?all,' vol, I., cp 'ii., 70; Ruslein, " Modern Painters," 78;, .Longlollow, "MIiles Standish," 87; ald Tennyson, "Lotus Enters," 89. TIhe most interest. ing conolusion to be drawn from this table is the evident foot, that the bost writers of the present day use a larger proportion of AneloSaxon words thIan tilhe best writers of tho last century. And as thoro ean.be very littlo'doibt thlat'thc art of litQ'ary oqpost? ion. has, liko every other depj.hnt of humann thbught, im proved ilriog tho\,lst"4'00yoa rs, it is plain thaiohe native f aor Anglo.Snxon terms as a medium fodr tlihe prossion of thoughthas been more abdndhntly'reog. aised, as men have trained themselves to omplbyiid all oases tho', boest vehlolo of oommunication,. And title is p' pookly true of ot'poetical writers.,' Tiho great 'stes erseof modern poetry !eo iroolvaodl that for the uttranoe .of. diroot, natural oemo. tion simple.language is to be preferred to complex;. and inithe Anglo.Saxon words of our tongue they find to their hand the beet obhaloal of 'opression. All of you whi have thought about the subjecot at all will have boon struck by" tlih extreme simplicity of thie Gospol nierratlvo of John orMIatthow, oas contrasted with the more ornato~etyle of Lukose and Inam sure that silmple pathos novor.'rpuohled a more por. foot form than in, any s bo:lr14tlh olaptor of John's rospol,.' Ni , 'somoethlng like 90 p ot o f 9,p ~t o i, 'ords itn thq~ obaptor are Angl*.Sa~on. Lulho, on tlhd other hand, omployed t more elaborate stylo and our translator?g unoonsolously, perhaps, Influenced hy the manner df tihe original, have gvon 'us an English version -good, ' it '5 true, -l but eatllng ' In the tnspuarent 'lim; ploli ,,aF. John'l\ ' s Geool, Mattheow also aman of.amall lltr,?fyneqsctirosaned,. oemployed nsty.lo of'gre8' slmpilolity, and Ils version 'of the tGolpol story In the Eaglhsh translation Is baqutifully simple. Oneatrnst Mattheow vI, with Lukoe Vt., 40 , , . . .Matlhw s.nay.-LAnho rain dceooun detd nnd the floods 0am nd tho'wilds blow ndliotupontupo otlhoso, nad gre?bnt wns the fnill of it., kitlo--" Agpnlos whijh the otronn did boot veemonotly, and t mediUatly it foil, and thortuint of thuSt hoano waus groat,' In nMtlhow we hnv only ono word whloh b not Saxon," icoitdod,'" and thut Ihns evidently boon a ployacl to avoid tho repotition of the weo foil whorona, in Luko, we hmvo throowordo of Latin aro .tn,-vobomontly, I mediately, nd ruin, Now thoro onnnot p tiro optnlo 1 na to whloh pnango Ia the o~o st improsai no nd nolAt ologant, ,and :i od tho lnivroardl volao of Biblorondar hon boenaprounotn., aodl in favour of Mnt tiow's voralon, wtloh ino~pasnodl into a pro rb, WWhat rI wihI to show I, thlnt for eio oxproealnon of ail lntiplo onotlons no foolings of our hr. nnoity of the ton u nu n of ou' losoat rolntlntl to or toll ?a?t our loves, our foars, und bton; fto rool nnrrptioun, nd for tbo uttlrornne f itooiso and delrlthu truth, thIo Anglo. n ts n0not oily uo. olont, but ooptou nd powerftul,. As another example from John's Gospel, let us take the following: "Thenou, when MIary was come wllero Jesus was, and saw Him, she fell down at His feet, saying unto Him, Lord, if Thou hadst been hero, my.brother had not died. When Jesus, therefore, saw her weeping, and the Jews also weeping which come with her, He groaned in the spi,'it, pod was troubled: and said, \Vhere have ye laid him ?. 'Ihey said unto Him, Lord, come and soa. Jesus wept.. Then said the Jews, Behold how hlie loved him I" Nothing in all literature equale, in my opinion, the exquisite pathos of this simple story, and there are but two words -" spirit" and " troublO"-not of Anglo. Saxon origin. Tbo lifo of the Anglo Saxons was simple as their language. The refinements of modern opinion and controversy had not yet disturbed the unquestionipg trust which they placed in all received aspects of truth. TheI neces. sity had not arisen for the use of words to express delicate shlades of opinion and minute differences of thought. Their languogo was, therefore, comparatively barren of abstract terms-of those words which express states or conditions of mind. There is no doubt t!hat the Angloa Saxon tonguo contained within itself the elements of largor'growth ; and had nu external influence affected its dovolopo mont, in the ordinary fulfilment of theo law of progress, tlhe language would have kept pace with the growing inteallaect of the people: but a foreign element, which we shall presently consider, 'eas introe duced, which already contained a vast vocabulary of abstracot and controversial fiorms, and thus the growth of Anglo. Saxon was arrested, One more example, and this time from Shakespoearo, of the wealth of Anglo.Saxon in bhe language of love, hope, and terror. In tKing John" Constanoo exulaims: "Oh, thalnt these hannds could so redeem my son, As they have uiven those hands their libertyl But sow I envy at their liberty,. And will again comait Itheom to their habonds, Becanuo miy poor child is a prisoner: And, Fatther Oardinal, I hays hoard you say, That we shall see and know our friends in liHeaven. If that be true, I shall see my boy again; For. sinec the birth o4aini, the first male 1'child, 'Io thim that did but yost ay auspire, Tlhrot was iiot sucll a r~sous creatllreborn. fut now will cankbr sorra s eat miy, bid, Anld chiBso tliO nataie he friom hiis choeek; And he will look as holl dos a'ghost, As:dim and moagro an gnu's fit, And so' ha'lli dio: anld r sog , again. . VWhln I shan)l meet him to:courts of I[ea. I siall not know him,- i refora onever, never Shall I beaold ty proty Arthtur more." In this mournful a , wrung from the broten heart of a h?reoaved mother, we have the outpouringbf a' strong natural dmotion in simple I[ngsage- ihi Saxon language; for of tho t03 words the pane. sage oontains, 97 are p'ero Saxon. [TO1' E CONOLITIND IN 001 NEIXT, 