MISCELLAN KOUS NEWS. g> The Wodonga correspondent of the Ovens Spectator writea:—A German resident here, Air Schliuck. is going to establish a vigneron's depot here. For some time past Mr Schliuck has been importing such requisites as casks, large and small, atnl presses. Now he purposes importing or manufacturing every requisite for tiie vineyard and wine house. The almost stupidly childish character of the border customs arrangement here are shown in this very matter of vineyard requisites There is no duty on must, but take a •last year's cask ami dress it up, it will look new, and if fi;led with must en route to Albury, threat becomes the concern of the custom-house officers. The must m--y go free, but not the cask, if it can be shown to be new. A business mail, a resident in Wodonga. was bringing some over from the other side a few days since. He presented himself at the Albury custom house with a regularly filled bill of entry. -Judfre of bis suprisj on being told that he should go to a custom bouse agent to get his ent-'y passed. This may be law, but it does not look like common sense. The grape crop is such a failure in some parts of the Geelong district that Messrs Hope Brothers will make only from fourteen to fifteen hogsheads of wine where they expcftted to make from ■eighty to a hundred. The Brisbane Courier understands that a Government (Q,'.ieetVBland) expedition is being organised, under the 6>mmaml of Mr Hann, late asMdtant to Mr Daintree, for the purpose erf instituting a complete exploration of the peninsula of Cape York from the Gilbert River northwards. The special object of the e'xploters will he to examine the geological and mineralogica formation of the country, as well as to obtain data for computing the extent of agricultural land in that part of the colony, which is now beginning to attract the attention of many persons in England who are interested in the cultivation of sugar and other tropical products. The wild, not to say foolhardy, galloping of the general public is a noticeable feature at country races, and at M: jjrea on Monday it was near leading to disastrous consequences. As the horses in one of the hack races were arriving at the straight running, the horse of Mr Morgan Ellison, or Allison, who was galloping alongside the competitors, ran full tilt at a private buggy containing two ladies with cuch force as to completely capsize it. The fuiirive horse was a powerful upstanding beast, and his mere weight, coupled with the velocity at whish he was travelling. entirely knocked the buigy over. The effect of the collision wis that tha bug^y lost its off-side fore and hind wheels, all the spokes of which were cleanly riven from the nave. The force of the shock caused the ladies t.> swoon, but on recovering conscioustiiB s they were fortunately found to be Uninjured. " Theee is one portion, of the speech deliverd by the hon. the Minister of L-\ads at Thursday's banquet,'* declares the Gipps Land Times, " that cannot be repeated too often, aud upon which if the Gipps Land people are wise, they will take immediate action. Speaking of our railway prospects, j Mr Grant said—' The Government is willing to assist you, but you must do all in your poW.;r to assist the Government.'" Under these circumstances the Tunes also chronicles that " the enthusiasm in regard to John Dully a candidature seems to be spreading over the district, and uumsigned requisitions to that gentleman have been forwarded from Sale, Startgord, B.iirnsdale, and Walhalla. His return against all comers may now be considered certain." BiEFooT the prisoner who recently escaped from outside Deniliquin Gaol when cawing blooks and in custody of a new warder named Greely, has, we heir, been captured, in Victoria by Constable Kelly, of Balranald. A curious advertisement appeared lately in the Loudon Times. A practical and scientific eearaan required £10,000 to demonstrate the practicability of reaching Australia in thirty days, via the Cape, in an aasiukable skimmer of the seas. The following is from the current number of the Tempsrance News :—" The VictoriaiiB are wont to congratulate themselves on their go-aheadism, but in one particular direction—namely, that of backing their opinions \vi:h hard cash— they must bs content to rank a long way after their friends in the old country. The promoters of the Permissive Bill agitation in Eugland recently undertook to raise the modest sum of £100,000, and ac the date of our last advicea about £75,000 of that amount had been subscribed. A gigantic "Acknowledgement," including the subscription list down to £5, was inserted in the Times newspaper, and occupied a whole page of that somewhat expensive medium." The Rutherglen corre°pondent of the Ovens Spectator, writing on Good Friday morning, relates the following case of suicide':—" Mr W. Baker, of the Royal Standard Hotel, hearing an unusual noise at his back premises this morning between 7 and 8 o'clock, went to see what occasioned it. On entering hts hu<jgy shed, he came upon a most ghastly sight, for there lay the body of Thomas Gick, chemist, with is throat cut and life just leaving the body. There was a razor in the buggy, and there is scarcely any doubt that he committed the rash act himself. Mr Giok formerly kept a chemist's shop here in connection with Mr W". Witt, M.L.A. for the Murray distiict.'' Rather a plticky thing was done by a passengers in the Queeiisuliff coasts on Monday. As the coach was on its way to Geidong the driver left I the box, the horses look fright and galloped off . They were stopped by a gentleman clambering I through the window of the coach on to the box ' seat, and getting poasesfliou of the reins. Tub Inslswood Advertiser, 2nd April, inus reports the finding °f 'be nugget of 15 pounds wei-bt—"On Thursday a splendid nugget : weighing 179 oz 14 dwt w«b got by a hatter named Arohy Gray, m Johns' Grass Paddock, at a depth of two feet from the surfaoe. The luoky finder brought it into Inglewood the same evening, and sold it at the Bank of New South Kerosene Shale Miite.—The Murrurundi Times skives the following particulars of the kerosene shale mine near that town On leaving Murrurundi, you immediately proceed up a steep rugged mountain, estimated to be about 1600 feet above the level of the township. From the top a magnificent panoramic view oan be obtained of the surrounding country. From the foot of this mountnin a track has been cut to draw a slide five feet wide. From the summit to the mine there is a gradual dec ine not nearly so steep or rough. Almost immediately at the base the mine is situated, facing in an opposite direction into an aOj.iining range. After proceeding about ten yards into the ttinnel, a dip in a seam takes place, which prevented us penetrating farther lu that direction in consequence of water A drive has been made to. the right for nbont 20 yards nerfectly dry, with about a six feet face, leavin-' indications of abundance of shale, ot quality almost (equal to the Hartley shale as p'oved by analysis. As yet, of course he samples obtained are merely surface, and will in all probability greatly improve at deep.r sinking Between forty and titty tons of shale are already grassed and ready for shipment. '1 he plan ol conveying the shale over the mountain is some what novel, not very expensive, but somewhat . tedious. Mr Harpar proposes to have about 20 I pack horses, and estimates each horse to carry | about 150 lbs to the top of the mountain, which | iouruey'they will perform three or four times a j ( day, and will be driven by two hands. Irom the top of the mountain the shale will be drawn down in a slide by bullocks to the bottom, from thence oonvyed to the railway station m drays. The aggregate expense of carriage per ton from i the mine to the station is, as we are informed, 5s. This primitive method will be adopted until the worth of the mine has been fully tested. If the speculation turns out to the anticipation ol the promoter?, a wire tramway will be erected. The nature of the country is said to be peculiarly favourable for carrying out such an undertaking. It would only requ re a small 14-horse potter encine, as the loaded truoks coming down one side would putt the others up from the opposite side. A Representative Woman.—They have a woman orator in San Francisoo. Here isi a portion of a speech they made recently :— I hey say man was cre3ttd first. Sposin he wasj Ain't first experiments always failures r it i was a betting man I'd bet two dollars and a half they are. The only decent thing stout him, anv how, was a rib and that went to make something better. And then they throw it m oar face about Kve taking that apple. I U bet fi*e dollars Adam boosted her up in the tree and then gave her only the core. And what did he do when he was found out ? True to his masculine instinct, he sneaked behind hve a Grecian bend, and " Twaren't me 'twas her." Bring up your little d -.lighters to love and caress the ballot, and when they are old and scrawny they will not depart from it. Teaoh tliem that man occupies no position that woman cannot fill, even to a pair of pants We have plenty of^ ballot girls, but what we want is ballot women." Fatal Qtuurel.—On Saturday last (says the Hill Bud Times), a fatal quarrel occurred at the uew diKgiiK's, about four miles from Hlayney, by which a*maii named Timothy Hennessy has lost bis life. The circumstance which led to the above quarrel appear to be these: The man Hennessy had taken up a claim, and had bean working for some days, putting down a shaft when his mate left him; he went in search of another man, when in his absence the claim was "lumped" by a German. When Hennesfy returned and found the tuau in possession, a dispu*e arose ; the windlass was pulled down, and each man armed himself with a piece of wood, used as a prop or stay to the windlass. After this Hennessy threw down the piece of wood, and offered to fight with his bauds ; the Gennau than struck him a heavy blow with the stick on the side of the head, wbick knocked him to the ground. Hennessy continued to get worse from the blow, and ou Wednesday, while being conveyed to the Carccar Hospital, he died ou the road. An inquest is to be held. a. Tough Shabk 8tout.—The Geelong Advertiser has a rather tou^h shark story:— "At this season Corio Buy is known to be infested with sharks, and the fishermen complain of thfc destruction which in consequenoe.is done to their nets. It is stated that a shark of enormous 8iZ3 has ocoasioully been observed in the bay but has hitherto either eluded pursuit or defied all ordinary stratagems with a view to his oapture. The owner of the Sarah B^ker, fish | in« boat, states that he repeatedly attempted to ; hook the monster, but without euccess, Jiatner the hooks were lent straight or the lines were broken, and the shark escaped. At last a well barbed hcok of formidable dimensions was obtain-d from the Niagara, a London trader, and I this was baited with a leg of mutton. The bait took one evening, and m addition a hitcn was secured round the body of the shark. The result was that both fishing boat and nets were towed through the bay for a distance of nearly two miles, when the shark by somo means or other a.'ain contrived to make its escape, leaving the book and line, but without the bait, to its pursuers " A Gusiov3 Advertisement.—A Boston pipor tells the following:—Everybody in———county, Maine, knons or has beard of Ed Pierce, a popular landlord and a great admirer of horses. Ed is something of a literary geniu9, and bis latest pro duction is such a novelty in its way hat we make liberal extracts therefrom: "My bar," he eaya, " will be supplied with good cigars, and although I have a sign up saying it is wrong to drink, stili I deal cut poison to all those bent on their owft destruction. As I have bsen importuned several times to keap a temperance house, I will say that one year ago I stopped selling the ' cratur' for about four weeks but found that two thirds of ihi travelling men wanted something strong, anil I got blowed up by them lor not keeping it, and I toted them around to show th«m where they could lind it until I became sick >St' the lury, and I failed to see where I was doing anything large for the temperance cause so lon^ as every man got what hte wanted. S > We came to the conclusion it was no worse to give poison at home than to fake them to otir neighbours (or the purpose, and is was less trouble to us to do so. And another thing in my favour, I think I can add more water to my liquors than most of my neighbours; in foot I think I have wonderfully advnnced ' the temperance cause in this directiou by plentifully pouring that cool delicious beverage in my whisky and I really think that a man to meet instantaneous death would have to go where it is not so high'y watered. I have known men to live three mouths that drank regularly at my bar, although cases of that kind are rare. I whish to impress on the mind of every man the necessity of abstaining from this deadly poiso'i, and if he then wishes knowingly to commit suicide why I have the article which will meet his most sanguine expectations, not to quick perhaps us some poisons, but be is sure to haVe his wish gratified about as soon as he oan conveniently get his business ma te;s arranged so as to be ready to make his exit. If by stopping the sale of ardent spirits at my hotel, it would tend toward helping the temperance CaustJnS to any extent I would Willingly do eo. and I will put my name to a remonstrance any day to prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquors in this village; but as long as it is Bold ns common as now, it would not only deprive me of my travelling custom, by kecpiug a temperance house, but in reality it would do the tem perance cause no good whatever, and until a change takes place in regard to the sale of this article I sWl undoubtedly continue, in ns quiet a way as possible, to deal out destruction 'to all those desirous of ruining their families and endirig their wretched lives in poverty and disgrace." Baptism in a. Riyke,—During a tour made by the Anglican Bishop of Goulburn, the following incident occurred. We quote from the Goulburn, Herald:—l-In the afternoon, at three p.m , a remarkable spectacle was witnessed in the immediate neighborhood of Comerang. The bishop, assisted by the Rev. J. GL Love, administered the sacrament of baptism to two adults, a brother and Bister, in the Tuross River. Forsnme years the subject of their baptism had been under consideration by the successive clergy of the district. Being satisfied they were qualified candidates, the bishop consented to respect their scruples, and to baptise them by immersion. A congregation being assembled on the margin of the Tuross River, the service for the ' public baptism of such as are of riper years' was read by Mr LoVe and the bishop. They then both entered the river to a sufficient depth, loading the male adult by the hand ; and while the bishop pronounced the words, 'I baptise thee in the name of tiie Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,' they completely immersed bim in the water. Having raised him, and ' received him into the congregation of Christ's flock,' they pursued a similar course with the sister. Standing on either side, and firmly holding the adult by the hand, they dipped the catechumen entirely in the water in accordance with the alternative in the rubric of the service for adult baptism—' and then shall dip him in the water, or,' &c.; It was a scene never to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spectators were somewhat surprised to see the biBhnp walking steadily into deep wftter, and being himself considerably immersed. The novelty and solemnity of the occurrence left a deep impression, and the baptised persons were much aff.-cted." Josh Billings uttered a great truth when he said, '' He who by his biz would rise, must either burst or advertise.'1 "Mat it please your honor," Baid a lawyer, addressing one of the judge*, "I brought the prisoner from gaol on a habeas corpus," " Well,'' said a farmer in an undertone, " these lawyers will say anything. I saw the mau get out of a cab at the court door." 