THE ESTIMATES. [From the Register.'] After a very profitless discussion on Tuesday afternoon the House of Assembly agreed to go into Committee of Supply, and having done BO they passed the Police 1 item without a word of discussion, and subsequently disposed of the rest of the items on the Estimates. The report of the Committee is now set down for consideration on Thursday, and a day will probably suffice to carry the Appropriation Bill through all its stages. Th^ preliminary discussion turned upon whether Supply should be gone on with before the* Police Commission's report is sent in, and we feel bound to say that although we have not changed our opinion on the policy of this course the Government had abundant justification for pressing the matter forward. When the question was postponed on Tuesday of last week the Treasurer expressed his willingness to adjourn Supply still further if necessary when it was next called on. As a matter of common courtesy, therefore, he should have been invited to carry out this promise, but before he had time to say a word on Tuesday afternoon Mr. Conner, who has unmistakeably identified himself as an opponent of the Government, jumped up ana moved the postponement of Supply for another week. ThiB Mr. Solomon seconded in a long and impassioned speech. No Government can submit to have the conduct of its business taken out of its hands in this way, and the House showed so decided a disposition to support the same view that ultimately Mr. Conner withdrew his motion. In writing upon this subject ten or twelve days ago we pointed out that the condition of the metropolitan police force is too serious a matter to be trifled with, and that if the report iB to be of any value at all it should be seen by the House before the supplies for next year are voted. We still think this would have been the wisest course. The redress of grievances ought constitutionally to precede Supply, and the discussion of the item at the proper stage of the enquiry would have enabled the Government to state their intentions with regard to the force, while at the same time hon. members could have recorded their opinions on the subject. Nor is such a course without precedent. Every one must remember the determination of a former House not to proceed with Supply until the Strangways Ministry had announced their determination with regard to Mr. Bartley. As it is, however, the Police question has been debated by driblets, and unless it is specially brought forward after the report has appeared there will be no legitimate opi-ortunity ol &scvwsmg; the remedies the Government will doubtless resolve to apply. It Will be apositive evil if the question is left m such a states to justify its being raked «p again next session. The whole emoroglio is traceable to the discreditable five weeks' adjournment, but we shall be surprised if this manoeuvre really serves the purposes which some at least of those who voted for it appear to have had in view. We commend to the consideration of these gentlemen the speech of Mr. Pe&rce;, who seemB to have formed some vety distinct conclusions from aperusahof the evidence. The short debate upon the evidence itself calls for some remark. It was opened by Mr. Mortlock, who in a manner which left one in doubt whether he were in jest or earnest condemned the proceedings of the Commission, which he spoke of as likely to encourage disorganization. He complained that many of the questions were trivial and , irrelevant; that questions were put with a : view of entrapping the witnesses; and that the proceedings were conducted, in a spiteful and ; disgraceful manner. He went on to single ' out individual members of the force for praise | or blame as the fancy seized him, but showed in doing so a very limited knowledge of the nature of the evidence bearing on these questions. He was followed by Mr. Hughes, who roundly declared that after a careful study of the papers he saw no necessity for any enquiry, and that in his opinion it would lead to no result whatever. The nature of this "careful study" may be judged from the fact that one of Mr. Hughes's charges against the members of the Commission was that they had taken the evidence ot discharged men. If he had been a little more careful in his study he would have found that some of these men were expressly referred to the Commission by the Government that appointed it, and that thus there was no option in the matter. With this illustration of Mr. Hughes's careful study we are not surprised that he should find the evidence confirm what were clearly foregone conclusions. We presume Mr, Hughes will not deny that a respectfor the .troth is one of the most important qualifications of a policeman, who may at any moment be called upon to give evidence affecting the life or liberty of the subject. If a careful study of the evidence taken before the Commission proves nothing else it must prove that there are several persons in the force with whom this qualification is entirely wanting. In fact one of the most revolting features of the evidence is that it discloses such an utter recklessness of the truth on the part of very many of the witnesses where an object is to be gained or an opponent to be damaged. Of course we do not apply this to all who were examined, but Mr. Hughes has looked at the evidence to very little purpose if he has not found out that this fact is proved upon overwhelming testimony, and that there isthusdisclosedadeep-seated evil, which must be thoroughly rooted out if the force is to retain the confidence of "the public. With regard to Mr. Mortlock^s charges, we do not fed called upen to say much. We are satisfied that neither he nor any man who did not see the demeanour of the witnesses, or who has not carefully studied the general effect of the evidence, is competent to pronounce ex cathedra upon its bearings as it affects particular persons. But we are quite prepared to go with him in the statement that many of the questions are trivial and irrelevant, and if he had added that much of the evidence was so purely hearsay in its character that the Commission ought to have refused to take it down at all, we should have gone with him yet more warmly. But while recognising these defects, which are common to most enquiries of this kind, it must not be overlooked that the extraordinary diver- ;ences of the evidence, and the re- of many of the witnesses to ?uctance give straightforward answers, compelled a considerable extension of the enquiry if the truth was to be elicited at all. When an officer of superior rank, for example, circumstantially denies a certain statement it becomes necessary to take the evidence of many witnesses before any confidence can be felt in the truth of the statement so denied. It is not an easy task to sift the relevant from the irrelevant in the evidence, and a judiciously-conducted enquiry would have saved much of this labour; but that there is a large residue of thoroughly relevant and important matter can be denied by no one who has taken the trouble to perform the needful operation. The other items discussed in Committee of Supply call for veiy little remark. The vote of £300 for the Cricketing Association affords an illustration of the fact that it does not do to halloo before one is out of the wood, the item having been rejected upon its reconsideration without a division. On the other hand, Mr. Simms succeeded in getting the Queen's Hundred restored to the Estimates. Mr. Angas was not so successful in asking the House to reconsider its rejection of £300 *tor a Third Inspector of Schools. Although such an officer is sorely needed, members seem determined to sanction no new step in connection with an educational system until a thorough reform has been effected. The Northern Territory Estimates were passed much in the form we described them a short time ago, and it is clear from the statement of the Commissioner of Crown Lands that we shall need to raise more money for the payment of salaries there next year. The proposed bonuses to the officers and men of the Telegraph Construction Party have not yet been brought down, "but they may be expected shortly. It will be interesting to known from what fund these bonuses are to be paid. One other question—and that a very important one—remains in connection with the Estimates, but it is one the House will clearly not take the trouble to solve. That is where the money for the service of next. year is to come from. The Treasurer's brilliant financial policy, after appropriating £100,000 of the Land Fund to departmental expenses, proposes to leave a deficit of over £50,000 at the end of 1873, and no one seems disposed to protest against this reckless outrunning of the constable. Such a state of things is alike disgraceful to the Government and the Legislature. THE SESSION IN EXTREMIS.—With the approach of the prorogation Bills are falling like leaves in autmun. On Tuesday in the Assembly four out of a Jist of nine were added to the slain—three of them directly, the fourth indirectly. The measure to which the special consideration of being killed accidentally was extended was the Insolvency Bill, which after haunting the Notice-papers of four successive sessions is as far from the Statute-book as ever it was. The Attorney- General on Tuesday, with tolerably wellfeigned earnestness, urged the House to give it a chance of life. True, it was of extraordinary length, but the main principles were few, and might be affirmed in an hour or two. Hon. members listened to his appeal, and deliberately declinedLto undergo the fatigue of following the Chairman of Committees through 180 clauses. Mr. Stevenson proposed as a compromise to put down the Bill for Thursday next, and this was accepted after the word Tuesday had been substituted for Thursday. Even supposing that the session extends into next week, it is safe to declare that the Insolvency Bill will not be proceeded with. The South-Eastern Drainage Bill was read and discharged because the loan which it was to authorize is to be raised in another form; the Oyster BUI, because a question of privilege huflg upon its further consideration which it was not convenient to raise; and the Civil Service Bill, because it had not the ghost of a chance of being passed. The Treasurer intimated that if a friendly voice was raised on its behalf he would abstain from slaughtering it, but the intimation called forth no response. Reduced by these discharges and by the passing of the Miscellaneous Leases Bill, which took place on Tuesday, the Assembly Notice- paper now includes the Constitution Act Amendment, Married Women's Property, Kerosine, and Thistle Bills, all down for Thursday next. The Legislative Council has virtually disposed of the Bonuses and Northern Territory Bills, and will to-day be able to ring the changes upon the Immigration, Scrub Lands, Treasury Bills, and Miscellaneous Leases Bills. There are one or two other measures that have not yet been disposed of, but they are not likely to occupy much time. On Thursday the report of the Committee of Supply will be brought forward for adoption, and no doubt the Treasurer, following ancient precedent, will then submit the Appropriation Bill. That once passed neither the Constitution Bill, nor the Woman's Property Bill, nor the Kerosine Bill, nor any of the other measures are likely to be permitted to stand in the way of the prorogation. 