©fortstmas fuKKte. ENIGMA. Far down beneath the salt sea foam, Where the coral grows is our silent home. They say we're the offspring of pain and disease; But we grow strong and fair in those warm bright seas. ■ •. Though our fah lazy nurses may slumber and yawn, They cherish us closely from dawn to dawn. With their ramparts stout they fence us about, And little we reck of a foe without; For we know, as we'r^s tenderly, fostered thus, They will part with their lives ere they part with us. But what of our course when we reach the land, Where our slaughtered parents poison the strand? There, secured in ropes like a band of slaves, We are bome away on the rolling waves ' To distant markets rich in gold, Where by greedy merchants we're bought and sold, Till we find a home where we dwell at our ease, As tenderly cared for as under the seas. Oh, then begins our career of pride! For our fairness we're welcomed on every side; And we heighten the glow in beauty's eyes, While monarchs our virtue will deign to prize. Though our noblest fame belongs to Hope, With History, too, we can proudly cope; And the costliest banquet Earth has seen We once set forth to her fairest Queen. Now take our letters in a row, And see the wonders they will show. What makes the trees look fresh and green; A weapon how but seldom seBn; A handsome-looking woollen Stuff; A word in Latin meaning rough; The voices of the Albert bells; A well-known seed that Hackett sells; An ancient Roman's household gods; What loving fathers do with rods; Where Townsend shows in all his glory; The landmarks of a nation's story; The meadows where the cattle graze; A female name in vulgar phrase; A plural of the verb to be; A common trick of memory; A tool that works with shriek and groan; A word of Arabic well known; A fruit so luscious few can beat it; What you should do before you eat it; A word that ne'er described a sham; What oft goes with the tender lamb; A mimic that provokes much laughter; A French word signifying' after; What closes many a friendly letter; What startles many a needy debtor; live-sixths of Egypt's captive people; What's often seen beneath a steeple; What children young their fathers call; What sometimes goes before a fall; The murderer of Egypt's Queen; A watery waste of blue and green; A noble title few can gain; How farmers gather in their grain; The Artful Dodger's chosen mates; What every strict abstainer hates; A wild boar in the Latin tongue; A mountain range by poets sung; What every schoolboy oft must do; What many a schoolboy oft must rue; What drowning men most highly prize; What the ghost did to Macbeth's eyes; How Macbeth looked on that occasion; How looked he on Macduff's invasion; A poor, despised, infirm old King; Two friends that vex us when they sing; The price consols will never get to; " What lawyers draw before they set to; \- Where laughing infants love to lie; Ail these our letters six supply. 