Buried in the Sea, OR THE UPS AND DOWNS OF BEN BRUCE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER X. A GLANCE AT MRS. BLAKE'S HISTORY. Mrs. Blake arrived in Victoria, about ten years before the date of my story, with her late husband and their only child Annie, then about seven years of age. Mr. Blake was a builder, and he had a good jobbing connexion in the village where he was born, which was in the centre of the hop cultivation in Sussex. But glowing reports of the rich gold diggings reached the village, and for a time threatened to depopulate it. Several families started for Mel- bourne by the first ship, and after a while Mr. Blake was induced to break up his home, and prepare to try his fortune in the land of gold. The admonitory words of his aged father—though ineffectual to alter his purpose—seemed to ring in his ears all the way over the sea. "Alick, my boy," said his sire, with quivering voice, "while you are doing well stick to your post. Let others go and search for gold who have no certain work to do at home, but do you stay here and be content to pick up silver, slowly but surely." The old man tried all the power of his rustic eloquence to persuade his son that his proper post of duty was in his native village, where he had an increasing business, which enabled him not only to keep a comfortable home over his head, and pay for the proper education of his children, but to put by a few pounds every year for the probable requirements of old age; moreover, where he had an office of honour and usefulness as leader of the choir in the parish church. But Alick had read so many bedazzling accounts of sudden fortunes being made at the gold- fields, that his mind could no longer bend to the slow work of patching out-house roofs, and other little jobs, which came within his routine as joiner of the village. He determined to emigrate; so he sold the most bulky of his household effects, and packed up the rest as luggage. He bade adieu to the village choir, in which he had taken such pleasure and pride for many years; he took a sorrowing farewell of his father and other relatives, and soon afterwards sailed from Blackwall, in a clipper ship bound to Melbourne direct. When Alick stood beside his grief- stricken wife on the deck of the ship, far at sea, and saw the remains of his only son, a promising lad of twelve years old, committed to the deep, his old father's tearful entreaties came to his mind, and he wished he had not left home. And when the ship struck upon the rocks near Cape Otway, and he saw all his worldly effects scattered to the waves, and his wife and only surviving child in danger of being whirled to death in those merciless breakers, poor Alick's heart smote him again, and he mentally owned that he had missed his way, and recklessly run out of the path of duty, which is always the path of safety. Mr. Blake landed in Melbourne, with his wife and daughter, but without any luggage whatever, and thankful they all were that their lives had been spared. He had a few sovereigns, which he had barely time to take from his chest before the ship filled with water. He was therewith enabled to furnish a couple of rooms, to buy necessary clothing for himself aud family, and a few tools. He had a strong healthy body and a willing mind, so he soon found work at his trade. His wife also obtained work, at shirt-making, from a wholesale house in Swanson-street, and by careful management they soon began again to save money. After a while, they bought a small plot of ground at North Melbourne, and erected a wooden house upon it. It was certainly a rough dwelling, compared with their home in Eng- land, but they were contented in it, and hoped by degrees to add to its comfort and convenience. The disastrous fire, which destroyed so many small houses in North Melbourne a few years ago, may perhaps be remembered by some of my readers. When that misfortune occurred, Alick was roofing an iron shed in Elizabeth-street, a rather warm job for a bright summer's day. He saw smoke ascending from a part of North Melbourne, a safe distance, as he thought, from his own house, and he remarked to a fellow workman beside him, "There is some poor fellow being burnt out of house and home." Half an hour afterwards he saw, by the rapid spread of the flames, that his house was in danger of a similar disaster, so he dropped his tools and hastened towards the scene of the conflagration, but got there only just in time to see his own little cottage blaze away into ashes, while he stood by, powerless, to save even a barrowful of wood for fuel for the morrow. "If you had the wise forethought to insure your cottage, Alick, you might now have money in hand to rebuild it," said Mr. Wood, Alick's master, on the day after the fire. "I meant to insure it, after it was finished, sir." "Yes, that is the way with a good many people in the world, Alick. They mean to do certain things that are of great importance to them, but they put off the actual doing until it is too late. However, I do not wish to add to your distress by saying too much about a thing which cannot now be avoided, but I hope you will guard against a similar mishap in future. You may pick out from the old lumber heap any stuff that will be of use to you in rebuilding your house, and you may have the remainder of the week to yourself." Alick thanked his master for his kind consider- ation, and was going away to select his timber, when Mr. Wood asked him in a kind tone, "I say, Alick, have you insured you life?" "No, sir," replied Alick, somewhat abashed, for he had heard his master read a clever paper on the subject of "Life Assurance," at the Mechanics' Institute, a few weeks before. "I have not done so yet, but I intend to do it, as soon as I can afford to pay the premium." "It will not cost much money, as you are a sound man, Alick; and I advise you to lose no time about it. You little thought yesterday morning that you would be burnt out of your home before night; and life is as precious as property. Poor Adams, you know, was taken off without five minutes' warning, and his wife and young family are now depending upon charity. When he got into his cart on Monday morning he did not think he would be picked up with a broken back in less than an hour afterwards. A defective buckle in his horse's bridle cost Adams his life; and I have known a nail-head to cause a man to fall from the top of a building and break his neck. Death is always lurking about us, and the wisest of us cannot ward him off." Alick could not be but influenced by his employer's judicious remarks, and a few days afterwards he insured his life in one of the Melbourne offices for £250. It cost him only a few shillings a week, and he used to say to his shopmates that it was worth twice the money to him for the comfort it afforded him of knowing that if he died suddenly his wife would be provided for. Four years afterwards Alick had quite recovered his losses, for he was steady and careful. He rebuilt his cottage, but soon afterwards he was offered a substantial brick cottage at Carlton, so he sold his wooden cottage and gave the money in part payment of the brick one. He was sanguine of being able to pay off the balance in less than two years, when one day death suddenly stopped all his earthly plans. He was working at a building in Lonsdale- street, and was helping to fix a heavy beam into the middle floor, when the tackling gave way; the beam fell upon him, and he was crushed to death. I will not try to depict the grief of his widow and daughter when his lifeless body was carried into their cottage. Sorrows such as theirs cannot be adequately described, and they are perhaps better left alone. It was a severe trial for them, but the settled belief that he was always prepared for life or for death was a solace to their sad hearts, which no other con- sideration could have yielded. After a short time Mrs. Blake received from the Assurance office the amount for which her husband's life was insured; therewith she paid off the mortgage on the cottage, and had a little to spare. Her daughter got a situation in a milliner's shop in Collins-street, and with their joint earnings they managed to make a comfortable livelihood. A visitor to Victoria can scarcely fail to remark the tasteful style of cottage architecture in most of the suburbs of Melbourne. The writer has suggested to more than one youthful architect in Sydney that he might make a promising start in the race for pro- fessional distinction by devoting his talent to that humbler branch of his art; and there is abundant scope for improvement in the style of cottage homes. A mere glance at the neatly kept flower garden in front of Mrs. Blake's ornate little cottage would create a favourable impression of the tenant; but on stepping into her cosy front parlour, any person of quiet homely habits would be apt to say, in the words of an old song, "If there's peace to be found in this world, a heart that is humble might hope for it here." Everything betokened order, cleanliness, and comfort, which to some tastes is much more inviting than fashionable elegance. Without pre- suming to give an inventory of the widow's goods and chattels, I may remark that there were many evidences of feminine taste to be seen on the centre table; and on a cedar stand beside an old arm chair was a large family Bible, which plainly showed by its worn cover that it was not a mere ornament in the room. In a rosewood frame, made by the late Mr. Blake himself, was a cleverly executed crayon of a wrecked vessel, and beneath it was written, "They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters; these see the works of the Lord, and his wonders in the deep." And in another frame of corresponding make, on the opposite side of the room, was a testimonial engrossed on parchment, expressive of the lasting affection which the choristers of Hopley Church entertained for their respected leader, Mr. Alexander Blake. In person Mrs. Blake was as neat and tidy as her house would lead any visitor to suppose her to be, be- fore they saw her. She was approaching to fifty years of age, and her hair was silvery gray. Her placid face indicated something more than an even temper and sound health; she had a settled peace which religion always yields, and though it did not exempt her from ordinary troubles, it enabled her to bear them with- out fretfulness. Annie Blake was about seventeen years of age. Her face was not handsome, indeed it would scarcely be called pretty by some connoisseurs of feminine beauty; but there was more attraction in it than there often is in some classically-formed faces, for it indicated a warm, sympathising nature, and a cheerful temper. Her figure was slight, and her tasteful, modest style of dress showed that simplicity or artlessness was one of her leading characteristics. She had a voice clear as a bell bird, which was dis- tinguishable from all the other voices in the church choir. Had it been highly cultivated it might have yielded her better remuneration than she received in Madame Fleur's millinery shop. That suggestion was once made to her by a professional lady; but her mother, who was present at the time, expressed such decided objection to it that Annie was thereafter silent on the subject. "If you get less pay as a milliner, my girl," said her cautious mother, "both you and I will have less anxiety; and if you never acquire fame or popularity, you will be more secure from the stings of envy. Rely on it you are in your proper sphere at present, my dear; and if you contrive to follow the trustful example of your poor dear father your way will be made plain through life." The foregoing is a brief description of the inmates and the home, into which Ben and Frank had been fortunate enough to find quarters. Mrs. Blake made it a study to do all she could for the comfort of her boarders, but she felt a more than usual interest in Frank and Ben, on account of the timely service they had rendered her, and the trouble they had thereby entailed bn themselves. Very soon after the joyful return of her lodgers, as mentioned in the preceding chapter, Mrs. Blake and her daughter busied them selves in preparing an extra substantial tea; and when they all sat down to the table together they were not a little amused at Frank's graphic account of his experience in the prison, and his description of the characters he had met with there, some of whom he said had been tip top gentlemen in their day, and had never handled an iron spoon or slept without sheets on their beds till they got into Mel- bourne gaol. "Oh, I cannot tell you how grieved I have been, Mr. Shouter, that you should have got into such trouble through your kindness to me and my girl," said Mrs. Blake, with tears of gratitude in her eyes. "Never mind, mother," said Frank, kindly. "Don't you grieve a bit more about it. I did my duty, and it's my belief that that lawyer will show the jury that it was nothing more than my duty, and I shall get off scot free, If not, law is not justice, and woman's rights are not properly respected in this land, that's all I have to say about it." * * * * * * "Ben, my boy! that is the kindest old lady I have met with since I left my mother's lee," remarked Frank, when he and his companion had retired to their room after tea, to dress preparatory to going out to search for the tin box. "And look here, shipmate! Why hang me if she hasn't been overhauling all my clothes while I was in gaol? Everything washed and ironed, and aired too, I'll warrant. Well, well! there isn't a button or a button-hole but what is all a taunto, and fit for sea, and all my stockings darned up like bran new ones. Well done, old lady! much obliged to you. I'll buy you a new thimble before I leave the country." "It was very thoughtful of her, Frank. I am sure we are lucky fellows in getting into such comfortable lodgings." "Yes, very lucky indeed, especially myself," re- plied Frank, with a comical look. "Never mind, boy, you are right; and I would run the risk of being kept in chokey for life to save any honest, decent woman from the insults of that rich rascal, Leary, or any other fellow ef his sort. My wig! wasn't he a real beauty in court, with his patched up nose, and his larboard eye looking like a grumment-hole in a tarpaulin! Ha, ha, ha! I could hardly keep from laughing before all the justices and the lawyers." "He need not have troubled himself to swear to the assault, his face was evidence enough. Now then, Frank, if you are ready let us be off. I have poor Dumby's chart of the Gardens in my hat." "Ready O ready, shipmate. But don't you think we had better buy a lantern as we go along." "No, no, Frank. What do we want with a lan- tern, and a full moon overhead? We shall perhaps be mistaken for housebreakers." "Aye, I forgot that, boy. Heave ahead, I'll keep alongside of you, whatever we meet with of a rational kind; and you must promise not to run ahead of me, if we should fall in with Dumby's ghost." They told Mrs. Blake that they should be back in an hour or two, and then left the house. 