ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. BENBOW V. ROHNER. THE NOACHIAN DELUGE. To the Editor of The Ovens and Murray Advertiser. Motto : Partnriunt montes, nascitur ridiculus mus. Horace. Sib, — The long expected labor of the moun tain is luckily over, and the mouse is safely born. Looking at the diminutive size of the poor creature, and comparing it with the huge dimensions of its mother, I must confess I felt more confounded than confuted ; or, as the Roman epigrammatist would have said, in good Latin slang, " fututus suin." Mr Ben- bow, in speaking of " Dr Rohner of Mack manic notoriety forgot to give his reasons I for paintiug me exclusively black, for, on a I closer inspection, he would have found that there is about the same proportion of black I and white in my composition as there is in I tbat of most mortals who do not owe their origin either to an infallible Father or imma culate Mother. When I was first reading the confutation advertisement in the business columns of your paper, I was fully prepared to have a few of my teeth drawn, but, to my surprise, the dentist lecturer dealt very leni ently with me, letting jne off with a feeble at tempt at shaking some of them. Applied to a man like Mr Benbow, the . words of Appelles to the cobbler, " Sutor, ne ultra crepidam," are full of meaning, for it is not by any means a legitimate inference to expect from a man who is good at extracting suDerfluous bits of I bone from the jaws of his fellow creatures that he should also be clever at extracting the truth from conflicting evidence. The first pursnit requires little more than manual dex- I terity, the second a certain amount of brain in a certain physiological condition. A man with the Bible on the brain, or even" at his fingers' ends, would not make the most, im partial judge of scientific facts and evidence, especially if conflicting with statements con tained in the Sacred Text. Some of the grandest discoveries of modern science could not have been made if the letter of the Scrip tures had been religiously adhered to. The births of Galileo and Columbus would have been useless enorcs oi uou to improve tne social and mental conditions of his creatures if the dead letter of an idolised book had been ! allowed to weigh heavier than the golden facts of those two brilliant stars who rose on the horizon of the dark ages. A blind believer in the Bible cares not for either argument, | tacts, or reason, nor tnis reason it win not be necessary for me to go iuto particulars with Mr Benhow's controversial lecture, especially I as he so studiously avoided to come in contact with the main body of my facts and argu ments, naturally preferring leisurely to sail about in an ocean of vague, ill- chosen, and partially digested phraseology, buoyed up by a regular deluge of quotations and passages borrowed from authorities either as old as the hills or, as strait-laced and unprogressive as the ill-fated infallibility - mongers of the Last CEcumenical Council. Any impartial reader who wishes to go to the trouble of nomnaring the unblished extracts of I my lecture, with the comments made upon I them by Mr Benbow, will find that he I neither disproved the scientific arguments concerning the plurality of the human race, nor did he satisfactorily account for any of the fabulous occurrences and circumstances connected with Noah's Flood ; he did not sncceed in showing how the water rose, all I I round the globe and simultaneously, to the enormous height of 15 cubits above — say Mount Everest — or where it went to after the work of destruction was completed ; he did not even attempt to clear up the difficult question how the motley menagerie of animals were gathered from all parts of the world, how they were comfortably quartered in a pine box of so small dimensions as the ark, how- they were fed, watered, and cleaned by only eight hands during a sea voyage extend ing over twelve months, and lastly, how they found the necessary conditions of existence on the slowly re- appearing land after such a wholesale destruction of all animal and vegetable life. But how could I expect a straightforward treatment of the subject in question from a man whose judgment is j biassed by an unreasoning belief in the Bible I I as the work and word of God ? A man who I mistakes the legend of Adam and Eve for an historical faot, because it is contained in the Bible, is scarcely fit or competent to decide the vexed question concerning the unity of the human race on purely scientific grounds. Before a mind like that of Mr Benbow the j ghost of old Adam will invariably rise up and I interfere with the scientific settlement of such a question. Bat so far from the Bible demanding snoh a sacrifice of reason, the I Bible actually contains statements in con tradiction of the theory of a common descent of mankind from Adam. Every reader of the Bible knows that at the time when Gain slew his brother Abel, Adam and Eve had no daughters, but Cain, nevertheless, goes after, ( the bloody deed and with the brand of the I Lord on his forehead, to the land of Nod, to I the east of Eden, and gets married there to a woman (name unknown), who mast have had I another Adam for her father, no matter where he came from. For what can be plainer than these words : " And Cain went out from the presence of the Lord, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden. And Cain knew his wife, and she conceived and bare Enoch ; I and he builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch ?" Now, this land of Nod (exile) must have been inhabited previons to his arrival there, other wise he could not have procured a wife. for himself, neither could he have built a city in honor of his first-born son by himself and without anyone helping him to build it. I Language like this would be plain enough for any unprejudiced school boy, but a man whose bow of intellect has been early bent by I the strong hand of mother dogma cannot see I the force of it. In conclusion, I beg to state that I was not a little surprised to hear that for the Bev. Mr Howard (a friend of my friend Slater) there is nothing to stumble at in the theory of an universal deluge. I should have ex pected that the enormous quantity of water alone would have astonished him a little, but some peoples' optics are so constructed that they cannot see a forest, because there are too many trees in it. — Your most obedient servant, C. W. BOHNEB. Chiltern, 19th August, 1872. . 