OUR P1ARIS LETTER. JUNEs 8. TIE conviet ships have at last set sail for New Calodotia, with tho tritons and the minions of the Communo, ]louheo. fort will likely remain a prisoner in France. It is only ai voyage for the con. domned- unothing mlore, no at general am nosty is certain to be proclaimed by what over party suoceeds 31. Thiors. Two or three years at most, and the over.ardent patriots will be brought back, and per. haps the agents who conduct them now to the Pacilio Ocean, will themselves be sentenced to take their place. The possi. bility of asuch an event may explain why the authorities bestow great kindnoess on the transported-making friends of the Mammon of uorightoousneoss. Thle lady members of the Commune-somei twenty petroleuses-mistresses or soiled doves by profession, are by a curious coincidence, to sail for Now California in the " Vir ginia." Further, a showmUan announces that in a few weeks he will have six of the natives of that penal settlement for exhibition in guaranteed feathers antid war paint. Parisians will be anxious to make the acquaintance with their relatives' new neighbours; but decency forbids eanni balistn. The statistics of Paris, so far as the suits of the census are known,conlirma' to opinion that the population has ti diminished, but is about the sm e as six years ago-niearly two millions. marked social chanlgo has taken pla, the wealthy portions of the city have hbeat deserted for quarters where houase.rent is; moderato, consequently, there are in. mense palaces and blocks of splendid dwellings tenantless. The Fronch in this respect, display one of the maost sensihl, phases of their character-a conteornpt fo keeoping up appearances when the purse consumptivo. Living is most expon in Paris; the local taxes are erushi the empire hequoatlhed a frightfiul debt id Paris, which the siege and the Comon un increased. Ily ocoutony, loans, and freshf taxes the Municipal Council is bringij matters into order. It is at the contrl market whore the imposts are levied d't the food supplies, the duty being ail valoremz, and at present double. oUne hundred weight of butter will have to pay on an average, 0 francs in taxation goonme 20, harn-door fowl 0, and eggs 2. francs. The price of each conmnodity in. ereasos like a snowball, in proportion to the number of hands it passes through, which may aecottunt for a I'ew suicides of theopurohasers or sudden deaths produced by slooks. Fish isa divided into three classes : salmon and turbot, &o.;, pay 8 to 10 per cent, sales, cols, &o;,, 5 per cent., and herrings, sardim ps, &o.;, 3 or cent, Then the tcok leovie' mar markoet penny so outrageously, that t Ruussian nambassa dor indicted his Sal hoader for robbery, oe itemo in the no dqunts heing 25 aous for a bundle of rad hos, which nit be bought anywhere for I Businioss is not very " trong" as ao phrase Is, Paris does a fair export tro o; but local trans. aciotions arc neoxt to oand, so the small, traders. are.rapihlly uspoendlng cash pay. ments, with no pr oetopot oaresumiption. liven the gansie thlit at this season shootm the heavy. y flies from the trees inthe Champs J$lysees, stikiong a pin in their backs and to attaching thern to a strlng, soillingthofleished artiole for one sous aobhto :pfato entomsologists, have got no more work on ,do, the cold, wet weather having doestroyed the losouts, and with thorem a petit comoe'rce. The onews. paper trade is monos prosperous. Paris has now 08 dally joOi'nals, and the cry 18 still they comen. Theu tendoncy is to bring out mnornieg.rathor than evening editions, The propirioetors have no great anxiety to provide early news. The "Ilatest intolltgonooes' is a poauliarity of theo Anglo.Saxon, 'Tho Latins hero find that. treatisos .on abtract polities and uoh'tfust iaWa paye, conause France still be. itves sthe wriltese, not for Fronchmon, but for manlkind. ) The defeat' of the "favourito" at our Deorby last Sunday,!has not aost na gloomi over the onapitel. ' One sportling journal proves that thoe Froaeth racing stude are only 'hlinglish onos:ln dlsgulso; and hence, Creomorno lihas on? b?etoen a companion fronm his ownalv.stable,A., On the evening of theo race, oimito. an iiternational fight toole placs In the oMblobillGardons, betweeoon Ihlo horsey interests of lb'rancoo .and ngland. The police corrioed off the belligerents be. foro thi.m Waterloo strugglo wasn fought. Thle noumbnor of pars?oins at the ])Derby in thie Ills do' li?lgunf , the display of wealth, and luxury) made one forget the soond emplroe. - Aooopanlod hiy.J t frieod and lWn .hired dotoetivoes, I. visalled t few nights r,i0 theo rue Ilaxo, where fifly hostaonges-. iprilests, soldelors, jurnoallsts, noi polloe. notn--wore horuoal, tosly shot by the Coim. oIntto duritg 'ItOe Inst lays of io rclgn of terror, iJ,'he i ob.di'..wore throwni. into a eomiunotonollir closea by,' It was 'utld the ghosts of the victims appeared every night as phosphorescent figures. We took up position before midnight, and re nmained till two in the morning, when churchyards are supposed to cease to yawn. We. saw nothing but a sentinel, and heard only the falling rain. The police who were on thi lookout for tlie persons who " do the spirits" were also disappointed, although at one time they believed themselves to he on the eve of success ot seeing us arrive. It is likely the stories of figures on the houses and window.panes of Alsace are on a par with tho Ilaxo ghosts. Marshal 13azaine's'trial it is now said will commenceo on the 1st July, as the ,Inns of the battle fields will then be ready for the Court. '.htero are thirty persons employed preparing and arrang ing the necessary docuametts, and the ex penses of the trial are expected to amount to 200,000 francs, a payment which the rich prisoner must make if convicted. But in this matter the people will have no "ifs;" they are glad to hear the marshal enjoys good health, antd hope nothing will alter it till the moment ar. rives wohen he shall have no more interest in its preservation. The press is unoani. mous in claiming a fair trial, and abstain from prejudging "the greatest traitor of modern times." Strange neutrality! 