Put Yourself in his Place ' BY rwaHT.na EBADE, Eso, When the snow first came down, Mi1 Baby merely ordered large fires to he lighted and fed in his guests' bed-rooms; he feared nothing worse for them than a good wetting. When dinner-tune came, without them he began to be anxious, and sent a servant to the lifc&e; public house, to inquire if they were there. The serrant had to walk through the snow, and had been gone about an hour, and Mr. Baby was walking nervously up and down the hall, when Jael Den.ce -burst in at the front door, as white as a sheet, and gasped out in his j face : ' THE GABBIEL HOtTNDS ! !' Baby ran out directly, and sure enough, ] that strange pack were passing in full cry over the very Tiouse. It was* appalling. He was dumb with awe for a moment. Then he darted into the kitchen and ordered them to ring the ayeat alarm-bell incessantly: then into the grrd, and- sentmessengers' to the village, and to all his tenants, and m about an hour there were fifty torches, and as many sheep-bells, directed upon Cairnhope hill ; and, as' men and boys came in from every quarter, to know why Baby's great alarm-bell was ringing, they were armed with torches, and sent up Cairn hope.. At last the servant returned from ' The Colley Dog,' with the alarming tidings that Miss Cardan and Mr. Coventry had gone up the hilL and never returned. This, however, was hardly news. The Gabriel hounds always ran before calamity, At about eleven o'clock, there being still no news of them, Jael Donee came to Mr. Baby wringing her hands. '? 'Why do all the men go east for them ?' ' Because they are on the east side.' ' How can ye tell that ? They have lost their way.' ' I anvaf raid so,' groaned Raby. ' Then why do you send all the men as if they hidii't lost their way? East side of Cairnhope .' why that is where they ought to be, but it it is not where they are, man.' ' You are a good girl, and I'm a fool,' cried Baby. ' Whoever comes in after this, I'll send them up by the old church. ' Give me a torch, and I'll run myself.' ?' Ay, do, and I'll put on my boots, and after you.' Th«n Jael got a torch, and kilted her gown to her knees, and went striding through the snow with desperate vigour, crying as she went for her fear was great and her hope small, from the moment she heard the gabriel hounds. Owing to the torch, Grace saw her first, and uttered a little, scream : s lord scream of rapture replied-: the torch went anywhere, and gentle and simple were locked in each other's arms, Jael sobbing for very joy after terror, and Grace for sympathy, and also because she wanted to cry on more accounts than one. Another torch came on, and Jael cried triumphantly, ' This way, Squire ! She is here !' and kissed her violently again. Mr. Baby came up, and took her in his arms, without a word, being broken with emotion : and, after he had shaken Coventry by both hands, they aH turned homewards, and went so fast that Coventry gave in with a groan. Then Grace told Jael what had befallen him and just then another torch came in, held by George the blacksmith, who, at sight of the party, uttered a stentorian cheer, and danced upon the snow. ' Behave, now,' said Jael, ' and here's the gentleman sore hurt in the river ; Geordie, come aud make a chair with me.' George obeyed, and put out his hands, with the fingers upwards ; Jael did the same, -with the fingers downwards : they took hands, and, putting their stalwart arms under Coventry, told him to fling an arm round each of their necks : he did so, and up he vrent ; he was no more than a feather to this pair, the strongest man and woman in Cairnhope. As they went along, he told them his adven ture in the stream, and, when they heard it, they ejaculated to each other, and condoled him kindly, and assured him he was alive by a miracle. They reached Baby, and, in the great hall, the Squire collected his people and gave his orders. ' Stop the bell. Broach a barrel of ale, and keep open house, as long as malt, and bacon, and theese last. Turn neiher bqdy nor beast from my door this night, or may God shut His gate in your faces. . Here are two .guineas, George, to ring the church bells, you ani^your fellows ; but sup here first. Cans of hot water upstairs, for us. Lay supper,, instead of dinner; brew a bowl of punch. Light all the Yule candles, as if it was Christ mas eve. Hut first down on your knees, all of je, whilst I thank God, who has baffled those Gabriel Hell-hounds for once, and saved a good man and a bonny lass from a dog's death.' ' They all went down on .their knees, on the marble floor, directly, and the Squire nttered a few words of hearty thanksgiving, and there was searcely a dry eye. Then the guests went upstairs, and had their hot baths, and changed their clothes, and came down to supper in the blazing room. Whilst they were at supper, the old servant, who waited on them, said something in a low voice to his master. He replied that he would speak to the man in the hall. As soon as he was gone, Miss Carden said in French. ' Did you hear that f ' 'No.' 'TVell, I did. Now, mind your promise. We shall have to fib. You had better say noth ing. Let me speak for you; ladies fib so much totter than gentlemen.' Mr. Baby came back, and Grace waited to see if he would tell her. I don't tTiinir : he ? in tended to, at first; but he observed her eyes inquiring, and said, 'One of the men, who was out after you to-night, has brought in word there is a light in Cairnhope old church.'' 'Do you believe it?' ' ' No. But it is a cuitous thing ; a fortnight ago (I think I told you) a shepherd brought me the same story. He had seen the church on fire ; at least he said so. But mark the paralysing effect of supersition. My present' informant no sooner saw this light — probably a reflection from one of the distant torches — than he coolly gave up searching for you. ' The are dead,' said he, ? and the spirits in the old ' „ church are saying mass for their BOols. Pll go to supper.' So he came here to drink my ale, and tell his cock-and-bull story.' . Grace put in her word with a sweet, candid face. 'Sir, if there bad beena.light in that church should wenot have seen it f' : 'Why, e{ course you. would: you must have been within a hundred yards «f ? it in your wan derings. I never thought of that,' ' Grace breathed again. ' However we shall soon know! I have sent George and another man right up to the church to look. It is.quite clear now.1' ' Grace . f elt^very anxious, tout she forced on a, careless air. ' And suppose, after all, there should be a lightJP' ' Then George has his orders to come back ? and tell me ; if there in a light, it is no ghost no spirit, but some smuggler, or poacher, or Tagrant, who it is desecrating that sacred place; and I shall tarn out with fifty men, ana surround the church, and capture the scound rel, and make an example of him.' Grace turned cold, and looked at Mr. Con ventry. She surprised a twinkle of satisfaction in his eye, She never forgot it. She sat on thorns, and was so distraite she , could hardly answer tiie simplest question. At last, after an hour of cruel suspense, the servant came in, and said, 'George is comb back, sir.' ' Oh, please let him come in here, and tell us.' ' By all means, Send him in.' » George appeared, the next moment, in the door- way. ' Well ?' said Mr. Baby. ' Well ?' said Grace, pale, but jielf-pos. sessed. ' Well,' said George, sulkily, ' it is all a lie. TIT old church is as black as my_ hat.' ' ? ' I thought as . much,' said Mr. Baby. '-There, go .and tget your supper.' Soon after this Grace went up to bed, and Jael came to her, and they talked by the fire while she was curling her hair. She was in high spirits, and Jael eyed her with wonder and curiosity. ' But, Miss,' eaid Jael, ' the magpie was right. Oh, the foul bird! That's the only bird that wouldn't go into the ark with Noah and his folk.' f ' Indeed ! I was not aware of the circum stance.' ' 'Twos so, Miss ; and I know the reason. ' ' A j very old woman told me.' ' She must have been very old indeed, to be an authority on that subject. Well, what was the reason p' ? - ' She liked better to perch on the roof of the, ark, and jabber over the drowning world; that was why. So, ever after that, when a magpie flies across, turn back, or look to meet ill luck.' 'That is to say the worst creatures are stronger than their Creator, and can bring us bad luck against His will. And you call yourself a Christian ? Why this is paganism. They were frightened at ravens, and you at magpies. A figjfor your magpies ! and another for your gabriel hounds ; God is high above them all.' ' Ay, sure : but these are signs of His will. Trouble and all comes from God. And so, whenever you see a magpie, or hear those ter rible hounds ? ' ' Then tremble ! for it is all to end in a bowl of punch, and a roaring firey and Mr. Baby, that passes for a Tartar, being so kind to me ; and me being in better spirits than I have been for ever so long.' ' 'Oh, Miss!' ' And oh, Miss, to you. Why, what is the matter? I have been in danger ! Very well; am I the first P I have had an adventure ! All the better. Besides, it has shown me what good hearts- there are in the world, yours amongst the rest.' fKiBsing her.) , ' Now, don't interrupt, but listen to ihe words of the wise and their dark sayings. Excitement is a blessing. Young ladies need it more than any- . body. Half the foolish things we do, it is because the old people are so stupid and don't provide us enough innocent excitement. Danc ing till five is a good thing now and'then ; only that is too bodily, and end in an headache, and feeling stupider than before. But to-night, what glorious excitement! Too late for dinner — drenched with snow---lost on a moun tain — anxiety — fear — the Gabriel hounds: — terror — despair — resignation — sudden relief — warm stockings— delightful sympathy — petted on every side— hungry — happy — fires — punch ! I never lived till to-night — I never relished life till now. How could IP I never saw Death nor Danger near enough to be worth a straw. Jael made no attempt to arrest this flow of spirits. She waited quietly for a single pause, and then she laid her hand on the young lady's, and, fastening her eyes on her, she said, quietly, — ? ' You have seen him.' Grace Carden's face was scarlet in a moment, and she looked, with a rueful, imploring glance, into these great grey searching eyes of Jael Dence. Her fine silvery tones of eloquence went off into a little piteous whine. '.You are very cunning — to believe in a magpie.' And she bid her blushing face in her hands. She took an early opportunity of sending this too saga cious rustic to bed. |'to be cobttnubd. 1 