TABLE TALK. THE WffOL^ OF Tff0j3E who ire employed; in tlie mechanical departmcitt&ftlie; {few* most - miraculously: escaped instantaneous death, on: Tuesday la«t., when thehutlding^n which"thny' wore working was:struclc, by lightningi. 'The Electric fluid straek the. Southern aperdf the, roof, immediately overtwo east-iron presses,and passed down ono ofjtlio rafters, rending it into yhr«d», and scatteringAhe fragmentsin.erery direetion, and then'seems to Iiavo divided.' 'One •portion descendedoutsidethobuilding,"marking its track.by a deop indentation in the wall, whilst another portion -glanced - obliquely over the presses And .passed out a large window, .every pane of which was broken and the frame-work «omplotelydestroyedrOn the opposite .side of' 'the-room alarge hole was made in another pane ofi;las!i, -but -there are no other indications -that the lightning passed that way. The office then contained the foreman, (Mr. BVBTON), Mr. GEO. ELsE,mnd twohoys.'orie of them the lad who distinguished himself a few weeks ago by leaping i into a well for the purpose of rescuing his little sister.' All these felt the heft of the lightning, and wore fora moraerit partially stunned by the shock, but we gratefully record the fact that of "them-received any permanent injary. W« may also mention, BS n matter of fiir less importance, that our plant sustained no hurt whatever. This is certainly the most wonderful capo' of which we'-ever heard, for some «f the persons whose names we :hare -mentioned stood in the direct line which the lightning seems to havo followed after sliivering a portion of the Toofc and the most distant was within ten -or twelve feet of that spot. How they all escaped jexcept hy a special interposition of Divine Providence in their favor it is rcaliy difficult to understand. AN ACCIDENT HAPPENED to Mr. JOHS GILLOWIT on Saturday last, somewhat after this wise5—He had a yonng. horse grazing in a paddock, and the animal was'tethered by a long rope, to the end of which a heavy piece of timber was attached. Itis stated that Mr. GAL- LOWAT approached the horse for some purpose, holding c.portion ofthe rope in his hand, but, as he drew wearer, it took fright and started off in a Ml gallop. The owner being nriable to restrain the horse, the rope was drawn rapidly throngh his hands, and, as he was unable to get •ont of the way in time, he was struck with great violence by the. piece of hm1»er at its end. As the effect -of-the blow, several ribs were broken and the sufferer was otherwise severely injured, but we are glad to be enabled to add that some days after the accident confident hopes were entertained of his recovery. WE ARE QUITESWAMPED with letters on the subject of the advnncc proposed by the Clarence and R. R. Steam Navigation Company, but we aannot see what object is to be gained by giving them publicity. We have already said that without a single exception every inhabitant of the river is opposed to this movement, and that a very general determination has beon expressed to support sailing vessels instead ofthe. steamer, provided the latter stick to the old prices. The letters of oar correspondents are full of indignation. They propose public meetings, the formation of a league, and we know not what beside; but it is rather a remarkable fact that not one of them is willing to have his letter published with his own signature attached —and this disinclination destroys tho whole force of their communications. It has been rumored during the last day or two that the Company will retreat from the false position in which it is now placed, and for its own sake, as well as for the sake of the settlers, we hope the. rumor will he found to be tree. We have occasionally been compelled to say hard things of the Company, but wo are by no means its enemies; on the contrary we have been always glad to assist its operations in every legitimate way. But if circumstances render it necessary to decide between the Company and the inhabitants, we shall of course espouse the side of the latter, "not that we love CESAB less, but that we love Borne more." The present is a most illadvised proceeding, and it can end in nothing but disaster. It will estrange the whole community, and prepare-it to enter cordially into the support of a riTal, so that, if the owners have any regard to their own interests as they may be affected in future, we .advise them to withdraw at once from a contest for which they will shortly find themselves altogether unequal. WE RESPECTFULLY DECLINE a criticism upon an article published in the Tarce limes, several weeks ago, over the signature of P-aler Familias, which hus only now been sent to us by one who feels aggrieved. Wo really do not understand what our correspondent is driving at; for oven if he could provo alt that his letter alleges, our readers would scarcely tbnnk him for his pains. Nobody cares two-pence for the character or the motives of »n anonymous correspondent. It is very generally conceded that unsigned, or fictitiously signed, letters containing chnrges against others only merit contempt. Brnve men fight openly; he who conceals himself when he means mischief is but a poltroon, fit only to be spit upon— and should never be answered, unless the anBWer can so identify tho writer as to leave him open to the withering contempt of all honorable minds. We havo burned the criticism and hope to hear no moro about it. WE DO NOT AT ALL UNDERSTAND the policy which renders some country storekeepers so dreadfully shy of printer's ink—for it is a most suicidal policy, to say the best of it. One would think those who had goods (o offer, and were anxious to secure purchasers, WODM lose no opportunity of informing the public what they may find upon their shelves, and thus.save them n world oftrouble. Everybody knows now-a-days that it is not at all unoommon to ride a draon miles or more in saarch of particular articles, only to learn that no such things are to be pn eured at the place whereoneusuolly makes his purchases,and many ore thus kept at homo who would otherwise visit (he townships more frequently, whilst others oome only to bo disappointed. But is this right I Is it courteous to customers I Why not advertise more freely? Why not allow people to road lists of articles exposed to sale, and thus remind them of their wants? Wo maintain now, as wo have done for years, that the most successful men of business are those who advertise most—that, iu fact, no investment pay6 like advertising. The publio naturally conolude that largo advertisers are desirous to procure customers, and that they keep bettor and cheaper stocks than those who make no effort to secure trade. So well convinced are we of this thufc nothing would induco us to open an acoount with a non-advertising firm; and we should about as soon attempt to fly as to do a largo trade without keeping ourselves constantly in tho publio eye. Customer* must be sought after in times like the present. They must be well informed as to the articles that are offered; must be treated with the utmost courLesy and espect; and their views must be mot ns far as s possible. All thiB requires advertising—not a ere ocoasioual spasmodic effort, in this direcion— but constant regular nnnouncemehts in he pnblic prints. Of course wo hare an inerest as publishers in saying thi?, but wo havo still greater interest in tbe opposite direction for if other storekeepers will not advertize, he firm of which we are members will do a ort of the trade which might be attracted elsehere by more liberal advertising, und thus we hall guin twice as muoh as we loso by tho peristence of others in what we have already proounced a most suicidal polioy. Suocess now- -duys depends so greutly on publicity that no usiness muu cuti itfi'ord to put his light under a utfbul. MOST CONCLUSIVE PBOOF that SOLO, MON spoke wisely when he said " the wickedflee when no man .pumucth," is supplied by 8 paragraph in a recent issue of. the zSfacUav Herald. . It will he remembered that« we$k or two ago we briefly-iioticecl -ji, oommunir-" '~' ,-from.a correspondent^!^ spolcel&f; the-indl cacy of ft report in ? a fotijtl jpoper'?:— tliat paisrl being the Taree T»me«;1>nt as we^ mentioned 1 no names, the AfacUay iTeratd took tlie reproof to ^tself>and flttemptsto'jiislify a'similarreportwhich'we Jibw' hear- fbr^he'first-time; had lilwi < defiledt.tjie columns,of that, journal—very pjgb^ ably the production of tho *ame penj' and an emanaticM^ from ,,thesame impure mind. But npar^ 'froni this,' .IKe''justification is at least unique—that 1adies-aro~not supposed~to rendpewspaper reports .of. criminal -cases!" - We. .insist-that_a weekly newspaper should contain nothing a lady may not read; and further, that neither 1 gentlemen nor ladies can find rileas'ttre in the perusal of obscene .report?. But how could any lady hare discovered the-peculiarly objectionable character of the report we arespeaking of until site began to peruse it? Orwhat better way is there of destroying -the purity of any woman's mind—aye,. or of any main's either—than thatof placing filthy expressions where they aro certain not to pais unnoticed. As to: the extracts from other papers which the -Herald says have appeared in the NEWS, we deny that any one of them contains a single Objectionable word,. They describe offences against the law, known to be of frequent occurrence, but they do it in language ! which might be properly uttered in-any drawing-room. Can the Herald say the same of its report, or does it'deRire us to defile our own columns by quoting the language which our correspondent describes as so offensive that he bnrned the paper at once lest it should fall into the hands of his daughters} 1 THE FGUETH PAGE of this paper contains the twenty-third quarterly report of the' Candletown Mutual Improvement Society, and although outsiders will not care a great deal for the details which this document supplies, it is in one respept at least noteworthy. It indicates that one society ia* prolonged the period of its existence far %ey'on& the limits assigned to sach Associations. Howthis result has been attained it is not for uff to say; but. the fact stands out that in one of our least populous neighborhoods a number of persons have been induced to assemble at stated intervals and to pay regular contributions for a period of upwards of five years, whilst much more pretentious bodies, such for instance as the Agricultural Society, the Sugar Grower's Association, and the Taree Literary Club, all of which attracted a larger share of public attention,. have long since given up the_ ghost. A strange fatality seems to attend societies of this kind. They spring up at intervals and give promise of much usefulness. Their meetings are reported in the newspapers and read with some degree of interest. Crowds attend them, and things seem to be going on bravely. But after a few months the attendance begins to fall off: Members become remiss in paying their subscriptions. Small bills are run up for-which nobody desires to be held responsible ; and after a time the whole thing collapses. So invariably has this been tlio case during the last fourteen .or fifteen years, that many persons have become disinolined to connect themselves with societies, .however laudable the objects they are designed to promote ; and many others who do not feel justified in withholding their countenance, nevertheless, regard these things very much as a parent regards a sickly child whom he has-no hope of rearing. The Cundle people are worthy of all praise for having kept their society alive upwards of five years, and we hope they will go on and continue to prosper. WE HAVE NO LETTER froni Port Macqnarie this week—probably because our correspondent had no local items of any interest to report. Wo hear, however, through another source that there is a largo amount of dissatisfaction with the recent advance in the charges ofthe Steam Company, sinil that steps are being taken _ to manifest that dissatisfaction in an unequivocal manner. Our informant also states that agricultural prospects are not very promising, and that trade is very dull at present. WE HAVE THE REPORT of our Special Commissioner to Nowendoc. He says that many on that field are still earning good wages and some doing a great deal more. He saw one party weigh the gold it had seoured in a day, and he says it exceeded five ounces, and was all coarse and grainy. He himself secured half-an-. ounce within six hours after commencing operations. \- In ..the. face of this lie mentions that some persons were leaving every day—most of them without having given the place anything like a fair trial. Provisions were sufficiently abundant but they were rather dear. Flour commanded 33s. per 100 lbs.; tea 3s. per lb., beef 3d..to Sd., and other articles were in about the same proportion. He intended to remain several days, and has promised to write us more fully. WE ARE GRIEVED but not much disappointed at hearing that rust is rapidly extending its ravages all over the river, so that in all probability most of the flour which the inhaoitants consume next year will have to be imported. This in peculiarly unfortunate whilst the price of maize continues so low; but wc think it had already been pretty well established that the Manning is not likely ever again to become a wheatgrowing district. THE STEAMER ARRIVED this week on Wednesday. Her passengers were—Mrs STEEL, Mrs. HEALEY, Miss WYNTER, Mr. COWAN, and 3 in the steerage. We believe she left Turee on Thursday ana went out on the following morning, 