TESTIMONIAL TO EEV. T. J WALSH. We take the following report from the Orange Hxamiuer of last Saturday : — A ceremony of an extremely 'interesting and gratifying character took place on Wed nesday evening. To most of the parishioners of the Eev. T. J. Walsh, it may be known that he occunied th= -nnsitinn nfTJnmo^ on . t-holic clergyman at Sofala, Hill End and Tainbaroora. for six years before his appoint' meut to Orange. It appears that the faithful discharge of his duties in that onerous posi tion has neither been overlooked or forgotten by his late parishioners, who determined to offer a substantial acknowledgment of his services. A deputation, consisting of Mr. D. Martin, J.P., of Sofala, and Mr. O'Carroll, of Hill End. accordingly paid a visit to Orange, and on Wednesday evening presented the rev. gentleman with an elaborate address and purse containing sovereigns, on behalf of the Eoman Catholics of Sofala, Peel, Hill End, and Tambaroora. The feeling which prompted this testimony must be alike grati lying to the recipient, and significant of the estimation in which he was held. A nnmViBi' /vP ♦!-*» «.n_ ~~_ j.1 ? i * -. . _ ... ? ^ „.. ,.uc lCT- geuueman s leading parishioners and others met the gentlemen forming the deputation at the Presbytery on Wednesday evening, at his invitation, and . having partaken of his sumptuous hospitality were witnesses to the ceremony of presenta tion, which was made by Mr. Martin, who read the following address, and duly tendered the substantial offering of affection :— To the Rev. T. J. Walsh, Orange From his late parishioners of Ptel, Sofala and Hill End, Eevkrend axd DKARSiR-We, the Catholics of your lat« parish of Hill End, Peel, and SotaJa, take the liberty to express our extreme regret for your departure from amongst as. Although we bow with due submission to the will of our beloved Bishop, the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, who in his wisdom has chosen for you a more settled mission for your spiritual labours, yet we feel that his Lordship has deprived us of a true friend and spiritual director— a friend who was ever ready to assist and comfort us in our trials and distress — a spiritual father, who for six years laboured constantly and devotedly in this rough portion of Christ's vineyard for our inestimable spiritual Oenefit. No wonder, reverend Father, we feel grieved and sorrowful when we consider that we are the j first sheep who enjoyed the tender and loving : care of the vouna aheDherd emnowerprl bv Jesus Christ to teach us the way of our salvation. But we feel some eonsolation in believing that the first labours of a young Priest — fresh from receiving the unction of the Holy Ghost — are especially blessed by Almighty God. When we look back to the time when you commenced your holy labours in the sparsely populated parish of Peel and contrast that time with the ' present, we find churches and schools muHi plied, population wonderfully increased and holy Fnests located m our midst, who daily offer the holy sacrifice of the altar, duly mani festing to us the Divine bleesiug attending the first labours of the anointed of God. We hope and pray that same Divine blessing will attend your spiritual labours in the parish of Orange. In fact, we are almost jealous of the good Catholics of Orange, through being the indirect means of depriving us of our esteemed friend and spiritual guide, whose genial man ners, true charity, zeal and piety in the cause of God, not only attracted the loving veneration of Catholics, but also commanded the respect of tnose who are separated from our holy church. In reluctantly saying farewell, we pray the Almighty Giver of all good gift?, to grant you every spiritual and temporal blessing, and beg that you will remember us when officiating at the altar of God. lu conclusion, we respectfully request that you will be pleased to accept the accompanying purse of sovereigns as a small but loving testimony of our veneration and our ap preciation of your spiritual labours in this parish. Signed on behalf of the parishioners of Hill End, Peel, and Sofala, Daniel Martix, J. P. O\yje-- Cahroll. The rev. gentleman replied in set terms as follows, and added a few extempore remarks depricating any superior merit, and taking credit for nothing but a conscientious dis charge of his duty as far as in him lay : — To yon, gentlemen of the deputation, and to those kind, admiring and enthusiastic friends whom you represent, I beg to offer my best and warmest thanks for this extraordinary and un merited mark of frienrlahin anrl pst-.pem i own I feel nob only intensely gratified with, but honestly and honourably proud of this sin cere tribute to my poor exertions in the cause of God, Religion, and Education while among you —not indeed because I believe it will make me one iota better (aud I know it will not make me worse) before God or man ; but solely because it is the free and unsolicited expression of the sin« cerity and warmth of your friendship and per sonal attachment, and the honest, manly acknow leagmenc oi me appreciation with which my services as a priest are regarded by the Catho lics of the extensive but thinly populated parish of Pee], Tambarocra, and Sofala. Alluding to my appointment to the mission of Peel, and to the blessings you enumerate as attending my labours there, 1 must gay of the former, that the merit belongs first to the kind consideration and wisdom of our revered Bishop, *.wv *i-l V4_»w «v.^wuu. picnic uu tur lwruusuip ana regard of^ the Rev. F. D'Arey, now Yice-rector of St. John's College, Sydney, whom you knew, loved, and esteemed before I ever raised my hands to bless you. With regard to the second, under Divine Providence, to them, not to me (who simply did wbat my superiors directed) are due the honour and the privilege of procuring those blessings to which you so feelingly allude. In the enthusiasm of your affection I cannot lelp thinking that vou over escimar.P hnfli my self and my services. The few abilities 1 pos sessed were ever joyfully, faithfully, and con scientiously employed for the moral, spiritual, and intellectual benefit of the parishioners ; and the little that T ever was capable of doing for your spiritual and temporal welfare was to °me a labour both of duty and friendship— made all the more agreeable by your constant obedience and faithful co-eperation. I rejoice that you have been so fortunate as to secure the services of priests eminently piou3 and energetic ; and, in consequence, that you now enjoy increased facilities for the worship of God and salvation of souIp. I shall ever faithfully treasure this tribute of your friendship and esteem. Rest assured vour spiritual and temporal interests will be as dear to me *s ever— you will not be forgotten in my unworthy prayers. The remainder of the evening was passed in pleasant converse, and the party separated at a seasonable hour. _____ i 