BOOK AND TRACT SOCIETY. The fourth annul meeting of the members of this f eodety was held last evening in the Alfred Hall, Mr Bohert Lewis in the chair. Mr Blrtohueli reed the report, Which wee as fellows r — Sn reviewing the work of another wear end TV— etlr. ttehtioarth annul report, ths committee of the Ballarat patriot Book and Tract Society desire to refer with thank- rufnem to what has been done, and to oongiutulete sob criberl end Idmde on the steady patrosmge aud eupport whlob tbe society oonllBoeitoeeJoy. Xli now fire rears ilDOe,efim tmittd cflcrts were made to organise na start tbbasciety for tbe wrtwu district of Victoria, end dazing thactme which boa atnee ctapaed Obuxflnttfoob XtaTB Ywan given of tbe grot used wbiob for nob an sgca cy; 'wbilst It nut be gralilvifia to kU \- tbat there labor haw been mo well tolled to tfae vtnts oofl dreamstenoes of tfels voofig und. In praeeeatinc the work committed "to <bem, jour onmmlffFg . have. Uke their prcdeeereore in office, ever been sotnated by those principle wkiidi hive so scocefnUy guided the committee of the parent society of London for upwards of seventy years, and -which are tliuexprereedln thriraddrara:— "TtieooMtltnrlon or the ociety precludes It from ratering loto the respective peca- li&riUee; of the varl m denomlnitioni ol Protestant Cbria tiou that hold the doctrine of -Fether, Second Holy Ghost— the ose living and true God— hut it everywhere joyfaHv makes known the great <»nrnHi' tratte in which the follower of the Laxnb re fallv greed, wh£> or lookiDg for lbs mercy of oar Lwd Jreu Chrtrt onto Jeter- Bai life" and althdugb your' committee find It nooes- asry, la order to meet the varied and Inmudfig require ments cf ih oosntnanlty. to provide Urge sappfiss «( the tmbliallmu of the SoBaay School Union, aud other houses, they have never deviated from there fundamental prindD'ei; but, on the other hand, whilst seeking to extend the opera tions and benefits of the society, they have proved bow tnach Christian union, off ratios, 4tirt xeal may be promoted on such ooramcn ground. Daring the put year tbe re- ariptatran mles «£ the depot have amounted to Lirifis Id. being LM I8i7dlsu than the iweaeding year; the ecripLiana, however, show a alight iDovue over the corre sponding period, Mog L66 7s 4d for th PRKnt year against L61 € tor the you ending lOtb March, 1B7L. The free granta, pwtag to the : stnlteoed condiiion of the BOdety1! frmda, have been tut trifiing, and bare bees Id fivar of the Orphan Ajvlaxn. the Hcapltal. the Good, tbe Benevolent Akylam, tee Pubhfl Library, Fanale HeToge. BiWe irm ud for private distribution by u warm lriend of the aodely. Mr OftzupbeO, c € Carngtum. Beferring to the rabflorlpUoni as a Tery Important uxzroe oi icoome, ymu oomxnittee deeply regret the great difficulty they have experienced in thii department; far, however the bariaeas of the depot may yet increase. It most be borne in mind that until tee eociety ia enabled to extend iu free granta, and tn offer moreiibesal Indaoeineote en aehoalg and other religion and philanthropic inatlUitioxu, as well ai to subecslbent, it csBSOt be sold to be thoroughly efflciHiL, or to be nallsfflc- toriy mrTytagootee work for which It hse been estab- Uihed. Tcuroomo iltee deem it right to etate here teats very largo proportion of tbe Bales are aabjeot to a scale of dlwoasto. by whidh the profits of trade are seriotBiy eurtafied. ft la therefore of -the grealect im portance that In order to sapplememt these drawback and enable the committee to enlarge tea circle of its operation, tee capital of the society ahouid he constantly augmented ' by the contribution of a - sympathising Christen poblic. Sior c&n; yeur oomaittee despair sA ulthqiate qyww On the oantrmry, and referring Aa the work of the parent society, they rtjoioe to be associated with' on InBtlta'.ion which for nearly three-quarter of a oentnry has been oo algnoliy bleared by,God, and to be engaged at thfrrifetacoe, from the lath a land in promoting tee nir eolation of books, trmcia, and periodicaia of a wholeaome, devoting, lnstnzctive. and godly ehoracta. The iaraee daring' tee year from toe society > depot, In PatmioetHr Bow, havB mmoanted to 40,7ft7.€7t of wixiah 19,440,968 were tractsand hand bills. D totheae be addad-tee prob&hle1; iasue from foreign' depota, which cannot hive been less tean t, 600,000, the total will be eomewhat over 49,000 OOOrrnlriDg the whole iduoe tee formation of the eociely to 1,314.000,00a The Tree grants daring the atme time vmoanted in valne to L19 297 lis 3d, being an excew of LM94 Iti lOd over the socieiy'j benevolent reee(pta,-vrhltat all teades and rectionr ol the oomanmlty — minister#, churches, and -Sun day rcboolicf all Evosgenoa denonzinatioiiE,' stadenu in colleges, ragged echoola and mUtiononr oodeUfes. midnight rotations and city mimloca. almshotue and ) hoeplula, prtaons, aeyium, and -emigrants' home— have partldpatfd to this unexampled generosity. The; depot at Ballarat has beai regularly anpplled during the year by shipments from Loudon; and the Interest ox the reading public bos been fully ecitalned by the variety and excellence of the aodety'4 recent pnbUoationa. Or new books. It maybe right to taeak. eepetioliyuf th fol lowing:— Brltiih Heroes and Worthies, with twenty large portrait finely engraved, and elrgsxuly b Jnsd ; Bayafrom the East, a book for the young, 1B0 engraving— ooe of the : very brat among the valnable gift book J tee. season ; ' Max Kramer, by U>e aoiber of JesfiaB Flret Prayer ; Beading for Winter Gathering, second eriM- llT<Jy( smuriug, and lnstraotive; the 8 mm Holden Candle- 6 ticks, by Dr Tristram— a book worth keeping, as: well «i worth reading: Medltatioua on the klracle o! Christ, by Deas Howks; Tboagbts of Christ, for every Day cf tee Year, by Lord Alnlote; and William Tyndole, by Bcv. &. Demacts, btiag a oootri baUon to tee early history -ot tee Engitah Bibia. sad of : white It hoa been said— The book l more interesting than ; the moet interesting romanee. A new shilling serin of ! monthly volumes for the yoang has alto cresied an unaraal 7 demand, and the rapidity with white these and xU new i books nam through tee depot ii a most pleating f nitinsriftb of the tsoreseiBC popn'-oztty of the otiety,fl worka. Tht Sunday School Union ha also tamed daring the your many 4 valuable aid for 8anday-«ohool taaehanafid oteea. bctiiles . a large collection of newxnatio for the improvement and ; elevation of the eervloe of aang. The monthly mall parori continual to be one of tee principal features of your \ society ' trade, aa by the steady arrival and dlterlba- ; tioa of thta class of ilteratare n&ohtaatim; taforaation ta : pread abroad, whliat the ftqtreart of Sunday reboot and c nbearibeataconiteny drawn towsztis tee aoctety and Ita ; work. In ccctiotion, it ia beeanee your com mi tire regard the Bella rwrjSaoK Society as .mm c&tevprlae; <t merry arid >; goodneea that they appeal few the continued and tmnaaed upportof all who love the truth; and whliat oow«atign-| ing tee rtspootibtililte of offlee . tetdoh have rested upon , them during the past year, they fervently trust that Ikeir ) SDcoasora will vcjoy a larger measure of prosperity, and ' teat te iahoa bcDatiorth to be curried on tmflre their direction may be prod active of lasting good In lhh part of tee world. The report and statement of acoounts Wfflv adopted. A vote of thanks mi prered to tee retiring offieae wnd member of the committer The ioticwicg were elected u; offloen and coamltTre for the ensuing year:- President, ; the Hon. John Gamming, M.L.C.1 vioe-pretidmit, tee! Hon. F. Bueeeil, MLC . and Mr 8. L. Learmonth ; ' honorary treasurer. Mr J. A. Doane; bonofarygreretaries, Rev. G. W. WateQU and Mr K Gaddontl; committee, ; Mean R. Alexander, T. Boddbsomb, Tboaiaa <?PP®v -B : ttrayFF-6tocka, G. Emith.Toeoe .Wimaxra, sTKnt, W Wollen, C. Eyree, Wm, FOrker, and Wm. Hogg ; with the trurteei as ocjjl do mesnbers, aud_.aU Pxokfteatj "Shfatatm bring' KOMonberi. A>ote of tiuaks to thephair- ' nia tenainated Ihe proored'.ngx : ; ' i 