.?? Colonial Jteiiig.^^j'X A vEnv liistnictivtf lecHire was delivered in St. Vary's Sfluiinary.^n Monday week, by tlie Itcv, Dr.. Bnrsnntj, upon /nis in fallibiHly of the Pojio. «43ieSiSjair wse occupied by the Vcrf Iiev. Archdi^icon Ritrney, in iiie plnco of the ArchbiiSiop, who wan unavoidably nbjent. The Ituv. lecturer, in his introductory oliROj'VJilinnB, remorlci-d that it was not bis iiitentinn to enter upon the c ntroversial puint in tlie dupma of infiillibilily ; but simply to ex plain what tlio infallibility re.lly was; and he hopc3 that tliey wonld look upon liiminthedhnracterof a clergyinan':ratlier Clinti as ft lecturer. HeBiibniittiil that the -jtiexiion upon which lie wne.nboutto enter was a vast one. In order to give his hearers a correct idea of it, it wutild be necessary for him to give a brief ex planation of its difinitiuii. In the first' jilnei', it slinnlr! ha horae in mind that papal infallibility did uot-;imply the per sonal infallibility of tho Pope himself. Many jjersons thought sncli was tbo cafie, but it wns not rmilly so. Tho Popo is nvimeinilv fnvnr/d hv GnU ?. tti dinhh*nri- UU duties well, but for all tlmt, he is a child of'errsr and is liable to temptation and sin us of]ier pcoptp ure. Ljkc other men, he has to confess hirfeinsto a priest nnd )-ecoivo from his bands absolution of.. bis: sins. '?'Before receiving the blessed sncRinipnt; before receiving Christ, of whom' It* !*' Uie ? vicar and represbiitntlve on e,irll-,:lho Pope has lo ninlce a public confessi«i- «nd cry ' I am not worthy thnl f||(in shoiiidsl enU-r tinder my roof.' So thiit pnpnl infullibillity doc* not mean the' jiprsonul infrtllihility, or tlie immuaity from, din of the Pope himself. Secondly, pupal infallibility is not tho untniKtako ableness of the Popo in the arrangement of his privnto affairs, ns a priratc man ;' for in that respect lie -is liable to err as any other. num. Again Papal infullibi - ity, is no\ ns some peoplo iuinginn,1 a Divine inspiration of a Divine revelation such as that possessed by Ibo .prophets and' evangelists. The real definition of the Papal infallibility, taken in its theological sense, was nothing else tlian the Divine assistance of the Holy Ghost, by which tbo Pope, though wejik in him self, is enabled to expunud faithfully the triilliu contained iu tlie Scripture, 'lucre wns nothing startling or alarming, or con trary to the principles of the Honitm Ciitliolic faith in such a definition. Hence, it would bo seen that Pnpul in fallibility nffects the Popo, not ns n private, man, but as a public ninn, in his official nnd public character, and although be. speaks from. the magisterial chair as the vicar of Christ and successor of Saint Peter, bo derives his glorious prerogative lrnm tho promises of Christ, made to the Church and to St. Peter. In the iong and glorious lino of the Roman Pontiffs, out of SCO, scarcely fire or six arc to be found of those who lived in the dark ages, vdioso character ns private 'men was perfect ; bat no one coul,! «ay tost those very Popes of that time attempted to alter anything in the Christian faith in order to justify their own conduct. The Popo.Jny.fi in bis decree, that the Roman Pontiff,, through Divjno assistance, signi fied Jthat the Papal infallibility was eociirod ^6-tbo pcoploj not on Ms merits «#$Ssa ^'inlUiesf bnt^imrily ^-clyinll upon the IpronnsoB of Christ, made to 8t. Peter.' The Papal infallibility Jens ono of tho maiu constituents of the Church of Christ. Hence, if tlie Church in in fallible-, its head must also lie so ; and that was tlie reason why Pins IX. do fined the dogmn of the Papal infallibility to bcthoinfallibility of the Church. The reverend lecturer spoke with great warmth for npw.irtis oT an hour jind a half, ntthc convluRinnof which he was enthusiastically applauded. — Town and Country Journal Tub i'liKsnvrunY of Bvukbv. — Tliis roverend Court met on Tuesday, within St. Stephen's Churcli, Sydney, and was constituted with prayer by the Bav. James CobIi, II A., moderator. Inter alia, a call wns inid on the table, in favor or the Ro^, Willinm Bukcr, from the united charges of Eden, Beg-n, Mi'riuibulu, . and Panbuln', signed by thirty-foii'r per sons. Il was reso.ved that thejcall lie on the. table till next meeting of the. Presbvtcry, iind the clerk was instructed to communicate tuennwhiio With the respective, parties at Twofold Bay, and bring before their notice tho laws of tlio Church in the'niatter of stipond. , ,Tlio Rov. B. R: Patersoii' moved the following resolution t--'That this Presbytery shall now appoint a committee of ..its number to prepare an address of congratulation, in tho iuuxnr%f this Proshyterj','to to Iirescntcd tq'ihe Kov. Dr. Lang, on the occasion of. his niinisterihl jubilee.'' Seconded by the Eov, A. Gilcliriul, and ngi-flcd to. The ' following committea wereaiipointeHftccordingly: — Dr.ll'Gib-. bon, R. S.-I^ajerson,' James Cosh, J±l Gilclirist, luinujtcrs ; Dr. M'ttisV, Dr.. Moon, o,ders;.Mr, Puterson convener. - ' Tim morWing ?services at the Scots Church, w'oW conducted oft Friday fcj : Dr. Lang, wiioimd. been absent' For sonic, weeks on.^vtsikto the Hunter.^, ;At the jconcldsion of the* services, tlie v'cnerablo doctor said lip.ltad,to inform Jiis congro gation that'thfiiime bad come. for carry ing out a feeoiution.he bad long held, viz. : ? to*3r&igtt; bis' jiastorato of the . church on the cotnjdetioft of the fiftieth year Of bie tninistry. He had bean' or- dained a ministcrof the Gospel at Irving, intiic rfejtrof BdptlwS, 'Jen Sie 22ad September, 1672 ; so that tin the 22nd of tlio present liionth, be woiild have been n minister of the Preshyterion Church fi t fifty jvarfi. ' He took this step not from i)l-hoa!tb, though his years were increas ing, hut from a' sense of propriety -and necessity of thoroughly npholding t!jc work of tho Minii5try. He referred to having been deprived of the services of n rtJuabld-«)l!eagtie,*Biib*'weiit to Mel-: bourne; _ ha. (Dr. Lang's) severe 'indis position, about the same time, and tlie arduous work to be performed. He hoped that the/ would choose, as his sacccssq^,. a man of thorough piety and earhe^ijefs.j He intended to devote the remainderjof hip! life to a work of the greatest importance, : yiz., -Jietra1ningMpof|f»rangt!iiPn'fwthe work of Uie Ministry. Bnt nt all times he should take 'the deepest interest in, the, welfare of the Church. Dr.' tiaib'g,'%ciire- inf.iroied, proceeds to1 BroidSrood this « eck , and will probably bo absent ubout ufoiiuigbt, ? ?'?'?' 