ST. LUKEl'S.iEMEEALb HILL. . To the Editor of the Church of Enqland Messenqer. I v Sir — The proposal to sell the above-named building is of serious; importance to the church at large, as well as to the inhabitant's'of .' (Emeiald Hill. I fear that the selling of churches, parsonages, and , sch'ool-buildings will grow upon us, to the injuiy of the church ; and I, therefore, lespectiully ask the following questions : — . ? 1st. Whence do the trustees obtain the power to lease, let, or sell r»lin vrrYi lirn 1 A fn o*« 9 ? I believe that they are simply the representatives of subscribers, empowered to hold land and buildings for specified purposes, and that they have no disposing power. ? ? ? 2nd. When St. Ltike's.is sold, and used for other purposes than ,: public worship' according -to the order of the Church of England,, what becomes of the rights of subscribers^-common law rights, as well, as rights given by the Church Assembly's Acts 1 ,' ?.,;';/?'. 3rd. What is there to prevent persons who have subscribed to'the , fund for building a church, or parsonage, or schoolhouse, suing: . . trustees who have leased, let, or sold any of these tbuildings, and diverted them from their proper uses, for the amount of their several subscriptions? — Yours truly, ? A Churchman. ?? . ; : ?. . ,.? ? »i» ? . . ?:??':?. \ -Romanism in Rome.— I wish here to mention an inscription I haye seen, before I forget it: — ''Glory.,. 'to God in the highest, peace on earth to men op good. will!' It is not good Scripture, but it is sour) d .Catholic and human-nature. - This is in letters of gold around:! the apsis of a mosaic;gfpup at '.the-side of the soala santa, . church, oi St. John Lateran, the mother and mistress of all the Catholic j _ ?_.??? churches of the world. The group represents the Saviour, St. Peter, Pope Leo, St. Silvester. Constantine, and Charlemagne. Peter is giving the pallium, to the Pope, and a standard to Charlemagne. The Saviour is giving the keys to St. Silvester, and a standard to Con stantine. No prayer is offered to the Saviour, who seems to be of little importance anywhere in Home ; but an inscription below says, ' Blessed Peter, give life to Pope Leo and victory to King . Charles.' It does not say, ' mtercede for its, through the Saviour, with the . Father, for his boon,' but ' Blessed Peter, give it us.' In all seriousness— without meaning to be frivolous, without meaning to be irreverent, and more than all, without meaning to be blasphemous — I state as my simple deduction from the things I have seen and the things I have heard, that the Holy Personages rank thus in Home : — First — ' The Mother of God' — otherwise the Virgin Mary. Second — The Deity. Third— Peter. Fourth — Some twelve or fifteen cano nised popes and martyrs. Fifth — Jesus Christ the Saviour (but always as an infant in arms). I may be wrong in this — my judgment errs often, just as is the case with other men's — but it is my judgment, be it good or bad. Just here I will mention something that seems curious to me. There are no ' Christ's Churches' in Home, and no ' Churches of the Holy Ghost,' that I can discover. There are some four hundred, but about a fourth of them seem to be named for the Madonna and St. Peter. There are so many named for Mary that they have to be distinguished by all sorts of affixes, if I understand the matter rightly. Then we have churches of St. Louis ; St. Augus tine ; St. Agnes ; St. Callixtus ; St. Lorenzo in Lucino ; St. Lorenzo in Damaso ; St. Cecilia ; St. Athanasius ; St. Philip Neri ; St. Cathe rine ; St. Dominico, and a multitude of lesser saints whose names are not familiar in the world — and away down, clear out of the list of the churches, comes a couple of hospitals : one of them is named for the Saviour and the other for the Holy Ghost! — The Innocents Abroad. Dean Stanley on the Church of Scotland. — The Times report states that, in the course of his remarks, the Dean said that the early history of the Presbyterian Church of Scotland had been one long struggle of dogged resistance to superior power. Many of the Scottish sects had in later times drifted away into the doctrine of an imaginary separation trom tne state ana nation, notmng couia oe more unjust to themselves, or more untrue to history. Their inde pendence was as secular, as political, as national, as ever was the com pliance of the most latitudinarian of Erastians. It was this antique splendour which cast a halo around the whole Scottish struggle for independence, even when one least approved its object. It was magnificent in the struggle of John Knox against all the fascinations of Queen Mary; it was magnificent in the struggle of Andrew Mel ville against James VI.; it was magnificent, even if somewhat gro tesque, in the struggle of the whole people against Charles I. and Archbishop Laud ; it was magnificent in the still more fiery struggle of the Covenanters against Claverhouse and Lauderdale ; it was magnificent when, passing over into the Episcopalian Church, it strove against William III. at Killiecrankie, and against George II. at Culloden ; it magnificently combined both the extreme Episcopalians and extreme Presbyterians in those unavailing protests against the endeavours of all the wisest statesmen of England and Scotland to bring about the union of the two countries ; it was magnificent even when carried to a pitch of extravagance in dissent unparalleled in any other nation, in the successive intrenchments occupied by the Cameronians, by the Secession, by the Relief, by the Old Lights, by the New Lights, by the Collegers, by the Usagers, by the Burghers, by the Anti-Burghers, by the United Presbyterians, and by the Free Church against the Established Church, and against each other in every one of the contests in which each separate communion main tained that it, and it alone, was the true Church of Scotland. The great peculiarity of dissent in Scotland had been, that it w^s 'not properly dissent ; at all, but that it earnestly repudiated the name. English Nonconformists, in their ignorance, prided themselves -on their nonconformity ; but Scotch Nonconformist prided themselves on their churchmanship. In summing up the good and evil of various aspects of Scotch theology, the dean said that it was undeniable that, with all its drawbacks, it had been the source at which some of the finest and noblest spirits of the Scottish Church, especially in its less educated portions, had been fed. The elaborate arguments of the Westminster Confession, the long wail of the judicial testimony, the stubborn resistance to Popery and Prelacy, had been the rough husk within which had been preserved the divine fire of Scotland's burning bush. If its intolerant excesses had given occasion to the withering sarcasms of Burns's ' Holy Fair' and ' Holy Willie,' it was also the basis of that unrivalled picture of a poor man's religious household, ' The Cotter's Saturday Night.', True it was that 'from scenes like these old Scotia's grandeur springs.' The Solemn League and Covenant, strange as it might seem to us, inspired a rapture ap parently as pure and heavenly as though it had been the ' Imitatio Christi.' ? The tombs of the Covenanters were to the Scottish Church what the catacombs were to the early Christian Church. The inscriptions which hoped that their persecutors would ' find at resur rection day' that ' to martyr saints was no sweet play,' the bar barous but ever-recurring rhymes which enumerated the names of those who died for the covenanted Kirk of the Reformation, were more like the aspirations of the Christians of the three first ages than anything else which existed in modern times. ' Bishop Temple on Intemperance. — The Bishop of Exeter pre sided at a conference of the members of the National Union for the Suppression of Intemperance, held at Exeter lately. He spoke of the Union as a compromise between those who would do nothing, and those who, like the National Alliance, might go too fast and too far. He distinctly leant to the Alliance, without whose labours the Union would not exist. Though the Alliance went further in some respects than himself, he went with it as far as he could, and wished the Union -would take the same line. The real battle had at last begun ; they had reached a point at which it was a conflict between the advocates of public good and those of private interests, Temperance advocates must prove their case; they must demonstrate that their object was really for the public '.good. Let them persistently direct attention to ascertained facts, and the nation ? would be convinced that the evil of intemperance was so terrible that it would be absolutely necessary to make united efforts to shake it off. He denied the Maine Liquor Law had failed. Its open and unpunished violation was as lamentable an evil almost as drunken ness ; but it had admittedly decreased drunkenness, crime, and pauperism, and, therefore, was not a failure. Prohibitory legislation was a mistake, but he would welcome it as a temporary measure, believing it would educate the people in habits of temperance. They must, however, try less sweeping changes, and see what could be done by careful supervision of public-houses and suppression of those that were ill conducted. The occupiers must also 'be.made responsible for the drunkenness which took place in theirhduSes. There were diffi culties in the way, but the terrible tempta^ph'/fco the .working class must be removed. ,;ior. Uj li-.c . ? The Spanish Government and Mr. Joseph, Pease.— Mr. Joseph Pease, of Southend, Darlington, the first mem^eF'of-the- Society of Friends who entered the House of Common^ neaiiy^O years ago, and whose son, Mr. Josh. W. Pease, now, represents. ^the same consti tuency of South Durham, has had a distihgulslied honoui-1 offered to him by the Spanish Government, the occasioh arid the nature of which will be best appreciated by a perusal of the following quota-' tion from La Correspo?idencia do Espana:— 'It appears that the Home Ministry has promoted to the Grand Cross of Charles III. the' distinguished gentleman, -Mr. Joseph Pease, late member of the Par liament of England, who has lately presented to Spain a considerable number of copies 'of the very important work on the principles of morality by the celebrated moralist, Jonathan Dymorid. The whole expense' of- tne translation, 'piintirig, and publishing this work in Spanish, has' bveen.: borne by Joseph Pease. Presentation copies have been sent to' the-King,all thd i' great officers of state, and themost dis tinguished professors in the universities, from all of whom the most polite and appreciative acknowledgments have been received. This. ? work has long been a standard book in England and the United States, not only among the Society of Friends, with whose members it obtains special acceptance, but also with all who undertake to acquaint them- - ? , selves with the various distinctive schools of Christian thought and cul ture.' The work in question controverts the different theories of the schools of moral philosophy, and shows that true moralitymust be based on the revealed will of God ascertained in the Scriptures, and it applies these same principles to the civil, legislative, and governmental duties. The rank of Grand Cross of Charles III. is one of a distinguished character in Spain, and has been conferred on the most exalted' statesmen and warriors of that country. It confers the title of 'Excellency.' Mr. Pease, who has laboured under the infirmity of, blindness for some years, and who has retired altogether from public life, has enjoyed but very precarious health for the last year or two. , He is over 70 years of age, and it is somewhat doubtful, under these circumstances, and remembering that he belongs to the Society of ? Friends, whether he will accept the honour which his Christian philanthropy has deservedly brought to him. — The Leeds Times. Mr. Spurg-eon and Sunday- school Teaching. — Mr. Spurgeon recently addressed 3000 Sunday-school teachers at the Metropolitan Tabernacle. ? After advising his hearers to work earnestly, Mr. Spur geon went on to say that it used to be the custom in preaching ser mons to make a practical conclusion, in order to catch sinners^ He used to preach in that way himself, until he found that the sinners expected the conclusion, and got themselves ready for it. He now made a practical application instead, and brought it in where they least expected it, and caught them unawares. He thought that children in the same way composed themselves on Sunday to get. religious advice. But if they could only catch them when they were not looking for it — when they were at play — God's Word would then sink into their hearts. That was the way the work should be done. He, thought those people taught children best who were themselves most like children — not like in their folly, but in their simplicity. People were often seen trying to teach children, as it were by moon light, in a cold and repellant manner — teaching them at a distance, and carrying their lambs, not in their arms, but with a pair of tongs. . A good man, who has seen much of the world, and is not tired of it, says : — ' The grand essentials to happiness are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.' 