SPIRITUALISM. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ADVERTISER. Sir,—" Spirits is the last thing I will give into,*' said Sir David Brewster, while ad mitting the marvellous phenomena of the seances. Professor Faraday, a good man, and equal it is said, -if not superior, to Brewster, came to the conclusion, "There was little in the manifestations except im posture." Huxley wrote—" He had not time to investigate what was only fit for curates and old women in a seoond-rate cathedral town." Now, sir, though un worthy to unloose the shoo strings of such men, from what I have seen I feel it yet devolves upon me to enquire and investi gate further, and, as the attrition of the match evolves the spark and flame, so by the conflict of opinion we may secure the light of truth. I feel strongly, Sir, yet with deference that the thoroughly scientific man is at a disadvantage in discussing the subject of spiritualism ; as a rule the ma terialistic faith is very strong with them, with great prejudioe against every phase of the supernatural. The late stricturea in the Quarterly Review and the correspond ence in the Argus against F. S., able in every way,- testify to this, and I feel sure that the same arguments used against spiritualism in the discussion might with equhl force be used against every phase of the supernatural in the Bible. 'Now, we must take broad basis in the dis cussion, for to my thoughts there is scarcely a manifestation of modern spiritualism but what has its counterpart and support in the history of Scripture. "What, sir, is there in the lifting of the table or a pebble more wondrous than the lifting of the axe head at the instance of Elisha from the bed of the river Jordan ? The levetatiou of Home, or the Sight of Mrs Guppy, produce a smile of contempt and pity, yet these are not more strange than the ascent of Elijah, or the fact in new testament history, that "The spirit of the Lord caught away Philip," but who was afterwards found at Azotus, about thirty miles away. I know Punch, and those who read and think Pu .ch, make this modern phenomena a target for the shafts of ridicule, yet the narrative ; of Luke is generally received, and is it not reasonable to conclude that the historic . facts and the snore modern occurrences were produced- by the same power, the power of spirits. Spiritualists maintain that spirits communicate, yea, enter the heart and brains of men, and Ezekiel nar rates how " a spirit entered into men," and spako certain things. Yea, they explain the gorgeous vision, " the color like unto amber, the deep blno and " the terrible Crystal," as the result of spirit magnetism adroitly mingled with that of the human media, the brain then (not " deadened") bat magnetised into total abstraction or receptivity, the vision or spirit picture is projected at will—the will of the spirit. Now, this is often realised by mediums. As to the spirit drawings, have they not their representative in the writings of the same Prophet. "-And the angel said son of man take'a tile, and draw the siege of Jerusalem." The only difference seems in the materials used—for paper I suppose was not invented, or peocils very plentiful. In modern times " Mrs Fletcher, of Madely, firmly believed she had spirit communion with her deceased husband, and as seen in a paper written by her on the subject, be lieved he had joined " the great cloud of witnesses" that Paul said are watching and surrounding the good. Spiritualism tells, however, of lower phases—of unde veloped spirits, yet possessing great power. I think the spirit with the witch of Eudor h) the eigw tafary.. soft " daiwaji who possessed a.spirit of divination ii the .'New Testament, might illustrate these. Who. sir, having collated the fact f and evidence of the "Rochester knockings," etc, doubts them. Tet, without evidence. Dr Johnson believed in the " * knockings ' of the Cock-lane Ghost," and in "Rasse las " states his strong belief that the dead come again and communicate with men, and says cogently " The testimony of all ages and nations cannot be ignored." Spirits are seen in modern lame, and one of Job's friends states distinctly " A spirit appeared to me ; I could not discern the form thereof; : it spake, etc." And who doubts the. statement of BrutuB as to the " Spirit visiting him .in his tent as he was reading by a lamp jhst expiring," or the fatal prediction about Philippx ? Voices are often heard,'and Lord Hervey relates when he had finished writing hi3 book against the Christian revelation he knelt and prayed that God would give him a sign, whether he should publish or not, and a voice was heard, clear and distinct, "Go print,it." John Banyan "felt the angel about him, in the saddler's shop, heard the rustling of wings, and felt 'a sweet cool breath, and heard voices that charmed his griefs to rest. • Even the Wesley family had a ghost, they called him " Old Jeffry," and Wesley's Journal describes the noises and knocks to be tremendous, and tbongh a clergyman has of late been trying" to prove that little Hetty Wesley, "the best of the sisters,", was an impostor, and caused the knocks when the old man. prayed, I believe' it wah a good and friendly spirit who did all—and who also spiritual ised young John, and made him the reformer of the; church" and of the world.. Sir, my inference is that the won ders we read of and notice are produced by spirits; that they have been in the body; that they vary in power and intelligence as mnch' as mortals do (hence caution is indi cated); that the Infinite Will—God, go verns the world through their agency ; that necessity having arisen, they. come nearer to ns and knock louder at oar hearts, bring ing more tangible testimony of a future life, and immortality. The spirits tell ns this, and I hope they tell the truth. And what, * Sir,, is there unreasonable in "all this. If, Sir, as the holiest have deemed and Byron wrote, there" be a land of souls beyond this unsatisfactory life of ours, to shame the Sadducee and mate rialist, what, if a need arising in modern time, a kind of spiritual telescope has been discovered whereby a new world swims into our ken, a world of intelligences, who were with us yesterday, and yet about to-day— nothing dead but what was comparatively worthless, a world of activities and affini ties, essentially earthly, yet thoroughly heavenly, working out the problem of life, and that for us—our world. Sir" the con ception seems an enlargement of existence —the poetry of Longfellow that " affection never is wasted"—the principle of the philo sopher, that nothing it finds here reflected light and truth—tbu3 the thought that 'sickens at the death of a loved one, or. the pained emotions of a world at the loss of a Newton or a Stephenson, leaps into health and life. They are nob dead, they still carry on God's will in a profounder way, through mortals, conquering the moun tains, yea, the earth, by works as puzzling 'to our little thoughts as grandly use ful to humanity. Sir, I have nothing to gain by these strictures, unexpectedly drawn from me, and having lost my best friends through my change of opinion, I have little to lose; yet we mnst meet the phases newly developed of an old religion with candour and boldness, even if we pay the penalty hinted at by Tope— " Would you speak tru'Iis, or save a sinking land, All fear, none aid you, and few understand." Tours, &c.;, - Saudkus Thotmait. A few .days ago (the Wagga Express relates) a very singular, accident happened to Mr P. M'Alister, as he was driving alone in. a buggy along the Tarcutta road. A small mob of quiet cattle had taken it into their heads, in the heat of the day, to make a camping place of the road, and through these it was necessary for Mr M'Alister to drive.' As the buggy approached one,beast after another lazily got up and jogged ont of the way, though many of them appealed so reluctant to rise that they barely got out of the way in time for the horse and buggy to clear them. Mr •M'Alister, meanwhile, drove slowly on until he came upon a cow | lying directly across one of the wheel tracks, and thinking that she would, of course, . blunder, up, as others, had done before her, and allow him to pass, never attempted to alter his course or pull upon the reins.': The cow, however, declined to ! move an inch, and before he had time to i realise the situation, the. fore wheel was upon her loins, and a novel and striking catastrophe immediately ensued:' With a vigorous plunge the cow raised herself upon her'hind legs, and in doing so com pletely overturned the buggy and horse, and sent Mr M'Alister flying into the bush, on the opposite side of the road. Two or three bolts were broken, and the ; top of the buggy and the harness sustained some damage, but Mr M'Alister himself fortunately escaped unhurt, and after righting the buggy and patching up the broken harness, was again enabled to re sume his journey. 