from the BY GEOFFRY CRABTHORN. The old threadbare question of precedency reminds me, my Public, of a very sensational story which I once read in a dusty, fusty volume many years ago. This story told in quaint old-fashioned language how a certain mansion was haunted by a restless, envious, mean-spirited ghost, whose extraordinary freaks and peculiar propensity for malicious mischief tendered the house almost uninhabitable. Innumerable priests were sent for, and eame accompanied by the indispensable candle, bell, and book. No expense was spared, and the evil-disposed ghost was duly exorcised with all conventional rites and ceremonies. He received strict injunctions to proceed immediately to the depths of the Bed Sea, there to take up his abode amidst the broken wheels of Pharaoh's chariots, where spirits most do congregate. His favourite haunts were carefully fumigated, and there was much rejoicing at the unwelcome visitor's being expelled. But lo and behold, he turned up -in a totally different part of the house, and in quite a new character. Fresh priests were sent for, and came with fresh candles, and the rest of their paraphernalia, and once more the persistent ghost was laid, but only to rise again in another part of the mansion hitherto untroubled by his little eccentricities. So the thing went on until the inhabitants, weary with fighting against this ubiquitous spirit, and despairing of ever conquering mm, gave up in despair, finally left the mansion, and let the ghost have his own way altogether, which I take it was just exactly what the cunning fellow wanted. Now, my Public, the much-vexed precedency question is like the ghost. It will assert itself in our midst; it won't be quietly ignored by statesmen anxious for the prerogative of the Crown; and it is, and will be, eternally making its appearance at the most inopportune and unexpected moments, until, like the stubborn spirit in the stoiy, it gets its own way altogether. I feel a compassionate sort of sorrow for my esteemed Earl Kimberley's organs of discernment if he vainly imagines his last terse and thoroughly diplomatic reply to Sir James Fergosson's despatch upon the subject has given the question its quietus. Let him not lay this flattering unction to his 6oul, for my indefatigable Boucaut lias once again taken up the cudgels in behalf of his pet hobby, and already a second Precedency Bill has been read for the first time, and ordered to be printed. Of all the measures brought forward last week none has given me so much pleasure as the Oyster Fishery and Game Bifi, read for the second time in the Legislative Council last Wednesday afternoon. No one enjoys a cool refreshing mollusc, accompanied with a pewter of good dark creamy porter, more than an old philosopher like your Geoffry. A dish of oysters is a most intellectual feast: it is the chosen food of wit, and in the old plentiful days, when England was unrivalled for the quality of her oysters, the famous Whitstable natives were found at every wit's table. Bearing in mind the straits to which our friends in the old country are reduced for their supply of this delicacy, in consequence of the wanton destruction of the oyster-beds in years past, it has often grieved me that no decided steps were taken to prevent a similar fate befalling us. " Experientia docet,'" and the premature exhaustion of some of our beds already proves that a Bill of this kind is absolutely necessary, and I am sorry that the laudable proposal of protecting them met with so much illogical opposition from certain hon. gentlemen who quite unnecessarily constituted themselves the champions of divers oyster-bed proprietors. Does the fact of a man having to. sell fish make him selfish? Can he not be content to dredge for oysters during one part of the year, and leave them to breed in peace and quietude during the other portion ; or must he for the sake of a few pounds in the present destroy our natural resources, and deprive us of oysters altogether in the future. It seems to me that this is a very shortsighted policy, my Public. I must confess that I am differently constituted from Mr. Ayers. I certainly do set more value on oysters, rarely as I am able to obtain them, than on the birds of the air, and I sincerely hope this measure of protection will become law. The contingency faintly shadowed forth in the imperfectly-worded 23rd clause of the Game Bill, which gave rise to the Hon. W. Storrie's very reasonable conclusion that future transgressors found catching game with their bands would be required to deliver up such handB upon demand, is surely a very unjust one. But it may be the human hand is not affected by the aforesaid clause; if it be, are we not all liable to indictment for carrying arms? The unsatisfactory nature of the proviso has presented itself to a youthful correspondent of mine in an entirely new. and original light. Here is his pathetic remonstrance upon the subject:— I CANNOT GIVE MY HAND. I'm only an innocent townie, Shut up in an office all day; Eternally adding up columns And earning a very small pay. I know very little of sporting, * I never yet shouldered a gun; And hunting's a kind of diversion I've felt it my duty to shun. It's all veiy well for your huntsmen To gallop insanely about; Although I consider it stupid, They find it amusing no doubt. It probably pleases the sportsman To stand with his legs in a pool, But I would much rather be seated, Up here on the top of a stool. And yet I confess there are seasons ; When nature asserts its own sway; When ledgers refuse to be balanced, When figures add up the wrong way. Wfeen thoughts of the country come througing - , And thrust out all other ideas; When all of us feel such a longing That minutes seem turned into years. 'Tis then, when the holiday cometh • We fly from the city in flocks; To peregrinate on the Jetty, Or stumble about on the rocks. 'Tis then we remember our schooldays. 'Tis then we forget all our bills. And lie on our backs in the gulleys, Or wander about on the hills. 'Tis then that the innocent townie In gorgeous apparel arrayed, The hero of nice little parties By worshipping maidens is made. 'Tis then he indulgeth in crequet, With spooning and flirting combined : And then that a life in the forest Presents itself first to his mind. 'Tis then we are made to dare dangers. We never have dreamt of before, By girls who are absolute strangers, And ought to know better, I'm sure. We tremble on quivering branches, We bark both our shins and our knees'. We climb after parrots and 'possums Right up to the tops of the trees. But now we shall have to be cautious What birds in the future we catch, Or else we may find some young lady In strategy more than our match. For in the new Game Bill it mentions That he who destroys any game At once on demand shall deliver The means he employed for the same. , So should some designing young person Desire us to catch her a bird, Which happens to be out of season— According to Clause 23rd, The youth who complies, being guilty, As far as I now understand— Must give this designing young person The bird—and then offer his hand. Now this might be very unpleasant, As " Saunders McTavish" foresaw, And truly I think for the present We're better without such a law. But still, as I'm somewhat uncertain On matters connected with game, All hints will be kindly accepted, Addressed to the following name. VERDANT GREEN, HER MAJESTY'S CIVIL SERVICE. I see the question of late sittings has again been raised. There is a refreshing dash of coolness and originality about the idea that is quite invigorating. The members will sit till 6 p.m., then adjourn for dinner, and resume at 7 with all their blushing honours thick upon them, and the pleasant gurgle of champagne and the musical clatter and tinkle of glasses still ringing in their ears. The prospect is delightful. 'Die after-dinner speeches will have a raciness and convivial twang about them never known before, and each of the members will probably come out in his own pleasant natural character with a touching simplicity truly novel. The pages of " Hansard" will furnish reading as light and airy as "The Innocents'Abroad," and the people will in future hail Parliament as the swallow hails the spring. I can imagine some such report as the following :— The Speaker took the chair at 7.5. Mr. MAINTOP said that should the Precedency Bill weather both Houses it would stand a fair chance of fetching up on the -right tack for Home Government sanction if the members steered it clear of all breakers, but as to . . . MT.TATTEBSAIX thoughtif it took all the Opposition fences in a sportsmanlike and genteel manner, and did not meet with many croppers, it might pass the winning-post at a swinging canter, and the Bishops, Archdeacons, and others could then travel along comfortably in the harness of satisfaction, without any fear of the leaders kicking over the traces, it- was necessary to keep a tight rein on the offsiders, or they would very likely sidle the leaders off the road, and would never settle down to their places, unless they were kept well in hand. Mr. BLUERAG submitted that the whole question, interrogation, dispute, controversy, prayer, &c.;, and so forth was, primAfacie, bosh! He did not see why one class, body, sect, or denomination of men, people, individuals, or persons should want, wish, desire, hope, insist, command, or beg to move, walk, ride, proceed, or advance before, ahead, or in front of any other sect, class, or denomination, aud his learned friends—colleagues he meant—were merely taking up the • time of the Cour—House by arguing the point. Mr. BRISK did not understand what Mr. Bluebag meant by primA facie. No one said anything about his prime face—(Laughter)—and as to ms points his Black Bess had better points. (Groans.) He begged pardon, he did not mean to joke, but he had heard a prime story the other day, and if the House could spare a minute he would tell it. He was at dinner the other The SPEAKER—The boil, member is not in order. One of the MEMBERS here woke up at the word, and said "Order oh! yes mine's sherry, what's your's old fellow, let's have a song. The SPEAKER—Does the hon. member dispute my ruling? HON. MEMBER—Fooling! I never said I was fooling; mine's sherry I tell you. The SPEAKER—The hon. member is disrespectful. .HON. MEMBER—Lost my spectacles, not a bit of it. Here! waiter, fetch my spectacles, they're under the table. Look here, Brisk, I'll bet you a fiver your Black Bess don't trot two yards in 10 minutes. Waiter! sherry! Come on, let's have a song. When first I went to Parliament A humble seat I took; There was me and other members, who Bad all their plans to cook. Foon after I was in the House The Ministry went out; The Opposition beat 'em all, And put them quick to rout. I then got seated on the Bench With th' new Ministrie, But they full soon went out in turn, Did all the rest and me. Then change and change came quickly on Like th' kaliedescope, And soon my turn will come again I do most fondly hope." The SPEAKER (scandalized)—I'll adjourn the House. HON. MEM.—Burn a mouse ! what's that'! Waiter, another song. (The House rose in confusion, and the jubilant member sang, " We won't go home till morning," to empty benches.) 