Facetiae. POOR GAS.-" A burning shame." ยก MAT a turkey be said to bo a ghost when it's not a- ? goblin ? ' WHY is dressing a fatiguing process ?-Because it's a-tiring (attiring) yourself. " LLANrAiRMATHAPARNEiTHAir" is the imposing name of a School Board district in Wales. A BOOK entitled " Lectures to Married Men" has ap peared. Haven't they enough already ? WHEN may a man bo said to be literally "im mersed in his business?" When giving a swimming lesson. WE are told " the evening wore on," but we are never told what the evening wore on that occasion. Was it the " close" of a summer day ? A COUNTRYMAN went to see his lady-love, and, wish ing to be conversational, observed, " the thermomokron is twenty degrees below zelon this evenin'."-"Yea," innocently replied the maiden, " such kinds of birds do fly higher some seasons of the year than others." A GENTLEMAN named Dunlop remarked that he had never heard his name punned upon, and did not believe it could be done. " There is nothing in the world moro easy, sir," remarked a punster. " Just lop off half the name, and it is Dun." HARD CASE.-" Mother," said a lad, " is it wrong to break eggshells?"-"Certainly not, my dear," replied the mother : " but what do you ask such silly questions for ?"-"Because I've just dropped tho bas ket with all the eggs in it,'.' replied he. HAVING HIS " WEIGH."-" I hope you have no objection to my getting weighed ?" said a husband to his wife.-" Certainly not, my dear ; but why ask the question ?"-" Only to see, my love, if you would let me have my weigh for once. ' Two Now York Assemblymen were walking down State-street, in Albany, after the passage of a cortain bill.- " I feel," said one of them, "as if I deserved to be kicked for voting for that hill."-His friend replied, "That's just the way I feel myself; let's go up this alley and kick each other. WHAT WAS LEFT.-"NOW, my boy," said an examiner, " if I had a mince-pie, and should give two twelfths to Isaac, two-twelfths to Harry, and two twelfths to John, and should take half the pie myself, what would there be left ? Speak up loud-loud, so that the people can hear."-"Tho plate?" shouted tho boy A POET was recently horrified to find one of his choicest couplets printed as follows : " Little pimples, so sweet and soft, Love tho cheek of my love." It is to be presumed that the unhappy man intended to speak of dimples. A SCOTCH clerk, who employed a grammarian to teach his daughter tho syntax of his native tongue, heard him with much surprise define the articles, a, an, nnd the. "You cannot place a, the singular article, before plural nouns -no, none can say a horses, a houses, a-"-"Hold there," said tho parish clerk, "Imu8t contradict you in that. Don't I at church every Sunday say a-men ?" DOHERTY, the late Chief Justice of Ireland, used to tell a good story of his posting days. He was going circuit in a post-chaise, and at a dangerous part, where the road skirted a descent, one of the horses, who bad been behaving wildly all the way began kicking furi ously. Much alarmed, Doherty called out, "This is outrageous. I don't think that horse has ever beon in harness before." " Bedad, your lordship's right. Ho was only took out of tho field this morning." "And do you mean to tell mo that you have put an un brokfiu horso to my carriage?" "Sorra a sight of leather ho has ever seen till to-day. And if he brings your lordship snfe to tho fut of the hill, the master says he'll buy him." 