SPIRIT RAPPING, &c.; A correspondent of the Dai); j News writes : — " I do not think it is generally known — cer tainly I was quite unaware of the fact — that the present phase of this silly snperstitutiou is not the product of the present generation. Tho following letter, addressed to my great grandfather by his sister, shows the remark able similarity which ex sts on this matter botwoon the wisdom of our ancestors and our own." " To tho Rev. Mr. T , , Hants. "Dear Brother, — I have lately been at London very near the Ghosts of Fanny. Yes! I have beou among the Believers, but could not help being, aud owning mysolf an Infidel, notwithstanding I was so noar tho Spirit. Oh ! that all the clergy had but as much under standing in their whole composition as my brother has in his ono littlo toe, they would not thon give in to such ridiculous nonsense. A friend of Mrs. Fonohes, a person of veracity, and whose integrity and honour could depend on, was present while 'he following farce was acting. He was admitted at 10 o'clock one night, where he found about thirteen more persons, three of whom were revds., the candle was immediately put out and Bilenco desired. Soon after a soft rapping began, and scratch ing, but not in angry mood. One of tho clorgyinen declared the spirit was come, and asked' if ho should question it, which was assogjed to, and accordingly ho bogan. Fanny, are you como ? to which ono knock was given (which you must know is yes, and two knocks is no) ; nre you willing to answer such ques tions as I shall put to you ? If you are, give one knock ; if not, give two knocks — ono knock given. Hellion proceeded with great solemnity tn i licrrogato this female ghost: — Are you a r., b r -Gne knock. Are you a good spirit ? — knock. Are you in a state of happi- Lie a a uijo nuutiu., a.10 yuu in u oiulu ui progressive happiness ; I mean by that aii in- creasing happiness ? — One knock. Are you troubled in mind? — One -knock. Have you injurod any one ? Two knocks. Has Mr. Parsons injured you ? Two knocks. Has his svii'er Two knocks. Di I you die au unnatural death ? Two knocks. Some persons present having heard that the ghost came to reveal its being poisonod, were surprised at the answer to tho last query, but the parson gravely said it was his fault in not stnting tho question right; ho therefore would ask it again. Rarson — Did you die a natural death ? — Spirit gave two knocks. Was you poison'd ? — Ono knock. Wub it in boor, tea, or purl ? — Knocked for purl. What is it o'clock ? — Gavo ten knocks. How many quarters after ? — Two knocks. Sorno persons said tho ghost was again out, for that it gavo three-quarters by St. Sepulcre's chimes ; the reverend gen tleman answered that clocks might bo faulty, but by real time the spirit might be right. Ho thon pursued his interogation : Can I be of any service to you? — One knock. Would it appear that you di6d by poison if your corps was taken up ? — One knouk, yos. Would it give you satisfaction if Mr. K. was hinged ? — Will you appear in a corn t of justice if he should bo prosecuted ? — Yos, one knock. Is there no one here that comes to scoff? — No. Do ail present come with a soriou9 mind ? — Yos. How many clorgyrian are in the room ? — One knock. Parson — What, only or.e knock? Then two knocks. Some observed . there was three clergymen in the room, to which the parson judiciously observed that the - third was a strangur and not in canonical habit. Thon Mrs. Froncbes friend asked if it could tell the colour o|! tho arsenick by which it was poisoned ? — Ouo knock, yes. Was it red arsouiek ? — Y"es. Torn. Now I ain convinced of the imposturo for red arsenick lias not the least poisonous quality in lis white. I appeal to a physician present for j my assertion. This was excused bow should : a woman know such nico distinctions as is the j colour. Mrs. Frenches friend — Pray gentle men how does she know that she took arsenick I at all ? she declared she lived but three hours after taking it. Its plaiu she did not know tho taste or she would not have taken it. Upon this much altercation ensued, at which the spirit showed great anger by scratching. . . . . I was much pleased with ono clergyman who sayed it was a Lying spirit. . . . . I am, clear brother, your affectiouato sister, it. T. " Feby. 10, 17(32." 