CHAPTER XIX. MB. SHELDRAKE SUGGESTS THAT IT IS TIME FOB MUZZY TO TUBN OVER A NEW LEAP. 1 Congratulating himself mentally upon the escape he had had of losing his precious liquor in his encounter with Felix on the stairs, Muzzy, hugging the bottle to his breast, mounted to the one room in th garret which formed his home. The room was not so dark that he could not see shadows on the walls, which as he opened the door seemed to be imbued with weird animation. His own shadow, as he stood in the centre of the room, assumed monstrous proportions, and covered one side of the wall -and ceiling; there was something so threatening in it and so dreadfully suggestive to the old man, that he hastened, with trembling fingers, to light a candle, still keeping the bottle hugged to his breast the while as tenderly, as if it were human. The candle being lighted, he felt as if .he had escaped some great danger, and his manner ; became more assured. Before laying the bottle on the mantelshelf, he looked at it wishfully, and uncorking it, was about to drink, when he closed his lips with a snap, and resisted the temptation. Taking off ms hat, he produced from -the interior a flower which was stuck in the lining for safety. This_ flower was evidently intended for a special purpose, which, had he needed any reminding, recurred tj him as he looked round the room. It was very poorly furnished, containing merely a bed, two or three chairs, and a table. But everything was tidy and in its place. The bed was made, and the little piece of faded carpet in front of the fender had been newly swept and put straight. He opened a little cupboard, and saw the few pieces of crockery it contained set in their proper places. Indeed there was about the whole place an order and cleanliness one would scarcely have expected from the appearance of the owner. "Good girl, good girl!" muttered Muzzy, as he noted these evidences of comfort; " there ain't many like her, I should say."" He went into the passage, and called, " Lizzie, Lizzie!" receiving no reply, however. He tapped at the door of the room next to the one he occupied, and after a moment or two turned the handle; but the door was locked. Disappointed he returned to his own room, and wandered about it in a restless, uncertain manner, as if, being alone, he did not know what to do. Every now and then he came near to the bottle, and sometimes turned his head resolutely from it, and sometimes could not resist the temptation of gazing at it. "No," he said aloud once, - as if answering some inward questioning or argument; " no; I promised Lizzie I wouldn't, and I won't. What is this ?" He had laid the bottle on a piece of folded paper, containing a key. "The key of her room," he said. "Good girl, good girl He took his candle, and went into Lizzie's room. It was in every respect more comfortable than his own, although the furniture, with the exception of a smart little sewing-machine, was of the same humble kind. There were two or three cheap ornaments on the mantelshelf, the table could boast of a cover, and a carpet was laid down which nearly covered the floor. "She can't have gone out long," said Muzzy, who, having no one else to talk to, talked to him self, in defiance of the old-fashioned proverb not very complimentary to such selfcommunings. "She knew I would be home soon, and thought I should like to sit here." On the table were some needlework and a workbox, and behind the door hung a dress which Muzzy touched with his hand, as the most civilising influence within his reach. A picture on the wall evidently possessed a fascination for him, and presently he sat gazing at it dreamily. It was the picture of a woman's face, fair and comely, and the eyes seemed to follow his as he gazed; but the reflections raised by the contemplation were not pleasant ones, and he rose and walked about in the same restless uncertain manner. Soon he was in his own room again, and the bottle was in his hand uncorked. " I could have kept from it if she had been here," he muttered; " but how can I when I am alone —alone?" He repeated the word two or three times with desolate distinctness. 4 ' Alone—alone—always alone until she came. What should I do if she went away ? And she may—she may. That young fellow who comes to see herso often—who is he, who is he? I wish he was dead. I mustn't go into the room when he's there— Lizzie hasn't told me so, but I know I mustn't. And there they sit laughing and talking Laughing and talking! No, not always. He made her cry once; I heard her. I'll ask Lizzie who he is. If he wants to take her away, I'd like to kill him— secretly, secretly !" The feeble old man scowled as he said this, and mechanically took a glass from the cupboard, and poured some gin in it. But a restraining influence was upon him even then, and he did not immediately raise it to his lips. " I promised her I wouldn't," he said; "I swore I'd give it up. But how can I when I have no one to talk to ? So old a friend, too ! so old a friend! I should have gone mad without it many a time. I'll take one drop—just one little drop. But she mustn't know—she mustn't know." Looking round warily, he, swiftly and with a secret air, drained the glass, and immediately afterwards endeavoured to assume an unconsciousness that he had broken his promise and his oath. But although presently he took a : second draught in the- same secret manner, it was evident that he could not quite satisfy his conscience, for he pushed the empty glass from him, retaining the bottle in his hand. " What made me buy it ? I didn't intend to, and didn't - intend to pass the public; but I got there somehow, and I couldn't resist going in. It seemed to draw me to it. But it'll be my ruin, my ruin, my ruin! The governor said it would, and it wiIL" As he sat there, battling with himself, his deeply-lined face and his thin hair straggling over his forehead, did he have no ambition, no aspiration, no hope, outside the walls of brick which formed his home ? This Lizzie of whom he spoke was, according to his oiwn showing, not an old friend. Had he any other link of love, or had other human affection quite died out of his life ? It was hard to telL It seemed that, but for this jirl, to whom he was not linked by ties of blood, his life was colourless, purposeless. But every living breast contains a smouldering fire, and even to this old man, wreck as he was, a spark might come to kindle once more into a flame the fire that must have burned when he was young. Supposing him to have been bright and handsome in his youth—as he must have been, despite his worn and almost hopeless face—how, could he have seen it. would he have received a vision of the future which showed him truthfully what he was to be in years to come ? A vision of some sort was upon him now, as, sitting with no purpose in Ms mind, he fell into a doze. From which, after the lapse of a few moments, which seemed to him hours, he woke with a bewildered air, anr> looked about him, and listened wonderin' " for voices which he might have heard ' ^v dream, or as if the dead past had cast up its ghosts, and he had seen them. He saw something more tangible as he raised his eyes to the door, and recognised his governor, Mr. David Sheldrake. The bottle was still in Muzzy's hand, and he tried to put it out of sight as he rose to welcome his moBt his unexpected visitor. (To be continued.) 