? . M-H AUNT E D. (From Chanibers's Journal.) bad just come back.from India with family, after living there for several r3; and my first occupation, after dissin'g my breakfast in r .town, was run carefully through the Times, plement, and pick out whatever advert menta had : -reference to country idences for Mb oh ofeupationi''^he ertisement which /took my fancy re than any other,.. waB one relating' a bouse named; *Q-Iedhills/. situate in of the Midland : 'shires, and in the rt of a good; iiuritiijg cotintryA Next' 1 ran down by train t9 harp, a look Replace.. I found it to. be. a roomy brick mansion, dating from the reign B second George, and built after the m and fofmal style ,of; p period.! re^j rkable for its 'poverty of invention^ in er things besides architecture. It was, ever, tolerably spacioiiGf^it'hm dbore^ in excelleritrepair; moreover, lis -d within a'smaill demesne o£ its', /owfis; had a capital/walled garden, with; J stables andothefc offices, I. thought* t it would Suit ine Wry well for a fevf. rs to come; and I decided to in'quire fully respecting .the terms, of; n, for the hiouse was only to be ise, not' sold: By the ancient n-servant whp shewed me over the" ce, I was ' referred to ajjqejr.tain mood, aa.az^aliitan^ol'&e;^.lijBig^oB^ town, whom I naturally set , down in own mind as .the agent for a non- "?nt landlord. .'/' ' 2 town was only ' a mile and half sy, and to every: man, woman, and Id in it, the name of Mr Lomond med familiar. I was directed to a tty little cottage in the outskirts, f-covered with honeysuckle and satis; and just as I was. about to ock at the door, Mr Lomond himself e up, equipped with rod aud basket i having the hearty sunburnt look of a mine fisherman. ' No common housefflt this, but a thorough gentleman,' I J to myself. After a few words of introduction, I ted the business that had brought me far from home. < I hope you find the old place to your liking ?' said Mr Bond. ' Of course^3 he went on to say, / of my country friends deprecate sletting of Glenhills at,.all, and urge ™ me the propriety of living there ff. But what would you have? J income, thanks, tp , the roguery of a r ?t>n who shall 1^9 .nameless, is far too 'ted to allow of iny keeping up the old ^ ^ Vaskepttijp by my father and ° f her, and ty a dozen Lomonds iem. I could neither afford to ", So 1 r to receive company, as the of Gledhills have been used to m • , bein £ a bachelor, and a- poor »sih] ' seems t a m e a mo '' plan to make a /home for myo J tins little cottage, which is my e Property, and trusting to my gun ie . and : exercise, leave enj 0ne w ith a longer purse than mine J°y the grandeur of the big' house, j 1 J tor the privilege in the shape of h 6 addition to my income.' , him frankly^. that from what of the house, I thought it J Ult me very vvell • / and t W we upon the questipn^f terms, which •orjjn , "0 sufficiently:• reasonable; n S'y, I expressed my desire to preliminary arrangements con it i quickly as: possible, in order 'gut be enabled to remove my family, and take possession of the house at an early date. ' You are not a bachelor, then, like myself?' said Mr Lomond, with an inquiring smile. I have been a Benedict these dozen years,' I replied; 'and as my wife's health is somewhat delicate, and as the air of London does not suit, her, I am anxious to get her down into the country as soon as possible.' ' ^ Mr Lomond did not answer for a moment or two.,-but drummed absently on the table, with, his fingers, and was evidently revolving some knotty noint in his own mind. ' Before this matter is finally-settled between us,' he said at last,'there is;;one little favour that I triustask you to do for me: a very slight favour indeed. ' You'have but to name it, Mr Lomond,' said I. .'jDon'fc go back home till to-morrow,' 'she. feaid'• g&rnestly.; 'Sleep to-night at- (xleqhills.. Pobson and, bis wife, who' havb charge of .the house, will find you a tolerable dinner, and make you up acomfbrtable bed; ' I will walk over in the motining and Bee you 'and then, if you are Ss^ill in the samejmind that you ore in now,Jjwill have the agreement drawn up 'at opce, and you can i enter npon your occijpanoy the following day.' ' But my family will expect ltoe home tkis' everting,I said; ' besides which, I ianjiot see in what . way . ray sleeping a single night at Gledhills can affect my 4 tiefcer minatittji tobecp meiits tenant. 1 ' > youjvill not be home till to-morroij,' said Mr [Lotnond; 'and as for the other point of ybnf objection, all I can say is, that I have my reasons for wishing you to do sst I askyod :, my desire is.ljased on no mere whim, and to-morrow I will tell :you what those reasons are.' After some further conversation, I agreed to accede to Mr Lomond's wish, which had ati element of singularity about it that interested me in spite of myself. It was accordingly arranged that he should at once send.pff a special messenger to have dinner and a lied got ready for me at Gledhills, while I rambled about the town for an hour, and visited the ruins of the old abbey. Ten o'clock the following morning was named for our next meeting. The autumn 1 dlay was drawing to a close when I found myself walking up the avenue towards the old mansion. The same old man whom ; I had seen before answered my summons at the door. He bowed respectfully at sight of me, and informed me that Mr Lomond had sent word that I was about to dine and sleep at Gledhills, and .that everything was prepared for my receptiom As I crossed the threshold, ihe-great door : closed behind me with a dull, heavy crash, that vibrated through every corner j of the house, and awoke a foreboding t echo; in my heart. Preceded by my atopient guide, whom age and rheumatism had bent almost double, I crossed the desolate-looking entrance-hall, passed up the grand staircase, and so through a pair: of folding-doors into the drawingroom, beyond which was a suite of smaller rooms, of which two had now been set apart for my service. How chill and cheerless everything looked im the coldjlightbf the dying day 1 Now that th^ glamour Of sunshine rested >16 longer bn the plt^e, fey fancy refused to invest any pf those bare, > desolate rooms with the pleasant attributes of home; and already, in tny secret mind, Ihalf repented my ,facjle eagerness in being so willing to accept without farther experiencd this worm-eatea old mansion, tenanted, doubtless, by the ghosts of a hundred dead-ane-gone folks, as a shelter for my household gods, a home for all that I hole dear on earth. The two rooms set aside for me I found to be comfortably furnished, in a neat but inexpensive style ; but when I understood from the old maa that ever since the death of the last tenant, three years before, they had been furnished and set aside, ready for the reception of any chance visitors, like myself, who, either by their own wish, or that of Mr Lomond might decide to pass a night at Gledhills, and that three or four would-be occupants before me had so slept there a night each, and had gone on their several ways next morning, never to be seen under that roof again, I began to think that there might perhaps be something more in Mr Lomond's stipulation: than was visible on the surface. Having dined, and done ample justice to Mr Lomond's claret, and being possessed in some measure by the demon of unrpst, 11 took my cigar, and strolled aloiig the corridor, and so came presently into the "great empty drawing-room, in whiph,the moonbeams were now playing a ghostly game of hide- and-seek. It was onc&rpeted;, and destitute of furniture, andi its.oaken floor creaked and groaned benpath my tread, as though it were burdened with some dreadful secret which it wot|ld fain reveal, but could not. Outsidej eaeh • of the three long, narrow windows,. With which the room was 'Iijjhtea, .was a .small balcony, below which velvety expapse of-lawii^ set her6 and- there • witji^. a gay basket of flowers, the whole "being shut in by a clump of sombre , firs, I have 6aid that the room wis destitute of furniture, but I found after a time that it still contained one relic of its more prosperous days, in the shape of a family portrait, which still ung over the mantlepiece, as it had hung or half a century or more. When I beame aware of this fact, I fetched one of he caudles out of my sittiug-room, in rder that I might examine the picture more closely. It was a full-length portrait f a man in the military costume that was in vogue towards>the. end of last century. The face was ; very handsome, with a proud, resolute beauty of its own, that would have been very attractive but for a vague, repellent something — a hint of something tiger - like and cruel lurking under the surface of that artificial smile;' ;which the artist had caught ^rith rare fidelity> and had 'fixed on the canvas for ever. It must have been something in the better traits of the Countenance that taught me to see a likeness to my pleasant piscatorial friend Mr Lomond ; and I could only conclude that the portrait before me was that of some notable ancestor of the present master of Gledhills. The fatigues of the day, and the soliude to which I was condemned, drove me to bed at an early hour; but there was something about the novelty of my position that precluded sleep for along time after, X had put out my light, and I remember hearing some clock strike twelve, while I was still desperately wide awake; but that is the last thing I "do remember; and I suppose that I must have slid off to sleep a few minutes later, while still in • the act of asseverating to myself .thaij to sleep there was for me an impossibility* ; Whether I had slept for hours or for minutes only, when I woke up in the weird land of dreams, is a point on which I can offer no opinion. I awoke to that consciousness which is possessed by dreamers, and which, in many cases, is quite as vivid as the consciousness of real life; but throughout the I r r m p n o n strange wild drama that followed, I wa without auy individuality of my own ; I had all the consciousness of a spectator, without the responsibility of one. I was nothing; I had no existence in my own dream ; I was merely the witness of certain imaginary occurrences, which took place without any reference to me, and . which I was powerless to prevent or influence in the slightest degree. Before me was the drawing-room at Gledhills — I recognised it at once by the portrait of the soldier over the fireplace. The walls, painted of a delicate sea-green, were hung with numerous pictures and engravings in rich frames. A thick Aubusson carpet covet-ed the floor ; and in the huge fireplace, a wood- fire that had nearly burned itself down to ashes, was slowly expiring. The furniture was chintz-covered, and curtains of chintz draped the three high narrow windows. Standing in one corner, between the quaint!y-carved legs of a mahogany chiffionier, was a tall Mandarin jar, with an open-work lid, from which was exhaled a feint indescribable perfume, as of the bruised sweetness of a hundred flowers; in the opposite stood a harp; books richly bound were scattered about the room, which was lighted by a number of wax candles fixed in lustres over the mantle-piece. Seated at a little fancy table, was a girl, eighteen or twenty years old, ' making-believe to be busy with her embroidery, but with a mind evidently occupied by some more -important •'subject. She had on a short-waisted -white dress, after the fashion of those days] from which her long narrow skirts fell away in sedate folds, utterly guiltless of all modern modes of extension of circutn-/ ference. Her face was beautiful, and ah& : had the air of a person quite oonceious ' pf that fact; but underlying this charm t>f features, there was something and proud, that carried the back, as by an instinct, to' the over the fireplace. She had loosened the thick masses of her cheistnut hair, and they now fell low down her shoulders, confined only by a band of blue velvet, tlound Tier neck was a thin chain of gold, from which hung a locket, which she drew ever^ now and then from the bosom of Tier ! dress, and pressed with feverish eagerness to her lips. The same impatience was visible in the way' iii which she would put a few quick stiteBes into her embroidery,. and then pause, with the needle in her fingers, to listen intently, and so lapse into a dreamjr absent mood, out of which she would wake tip ' in a minnte or two with a start, and begin to ply her needle again as restlessly aa before. That something for which she was so impatiently waiting came at last—a low, clear, peculiar whistle, heard by me so distinctly through the midst of my dream, and remembered so well when I awoke,, that I could afterwards reproduce it exactly. The young lady started to her feet the moment the signal fell on her ear. . Her eyes flashed with a newer radiapce, ; her soft lips pouted into a smile; while from her bosom upward a lovely flnsh spread swiftly as though Eros had touched her that instant with his torch, and already the celestial flame were, coursing through her veins. A. brief minute she stood thus, like a Jovely-statue of Expectancy; then she hurried to one of the windows, and drawing aside the long chintz cartain, she placed a lighted candle close to the window as an answering signal. Then, 'having withdrawn the candle, and replaced the curtain, so that the window from tlie outside would seem quite dark again, she left the room, to return presently with a ladder of thin rope, to which were affixed two liooks of steel. Her next proceeding was to lock the three doors which opened into the drawingroom, and having thus secured herself from intrusion, she passed out of sight, behind one of the curtains ; and then I heard the faint sound of a window being cautiously lifted, and I knew, as well as though the whole scene was visible to me, that she was fixing the rope-ladder to the balcony by means of its hooks; uQd that presently her lover would be with her. And so it fell out. A little while, and the curtain was lifted ; the lady came back into the room; and following close upon her steps came a tall stranger, dark and handsome, like a true hero of romance. 'My darling Lenore !' ' My dearest Varrel!' He took her in his arms, and stooped, and kissed her fondly; and then he drew her to the light, and gazed down into her eyes, in which nothing but love for him •was then visible, and then he stooped again and kissed her not less tenderly than before. His roquelaure aud hat had fallen to the ground, and he now stood revealed, a man of fashion of the period. AB before stated, he was eminently goodlooking, with languishing black eyes, and a pensive smile, such as one usually en-1 dows Romeo with in imagination, He wore his hair without parting of any kind, in a profusion of short, black, glossy curls, in which there was no trace of the elaboration of art, and he was clean-shaven, except for a short whisker that terminated half-way down his cheek. He wore a blue coat with gilt buttons, swallow-tailed, short in the waist, and high-collared. His waistcoast was bright yellow as to color, crossed with a small black stripe ; a huge seal depended from the fob of his black small-clothes; and the Hessian boots in which his lower extremities were encased, were polished to a marvellous degree of brilliancy. His cravat, white and unstarched, and tied with a large bow, -was made of fine soft muslin; and the frilled bosom of his Bhirt had been carefully crimped by conscientious feminine fingers. In this frill he wore a small cluster of brilliants; •while a large signet-ring, a genuine antique, decorated the first finger of his right- hand. Such was the appearance of Sir Derwent Varrel; and absurd as a costume like his would now seem on the classic flags of Bond-street or St James's, it yet became the baronet admirably, while he in return lent it a grace and distinction which made it seem the only attire proper for a gentleman. 'Why did you not come last night ? ' said Lenore. ' Hour after hour, I waited tor you in vain.' ' 'Twas not my fault, dearest, that I did not; of that rest well assured,' answered Varrel. 'Business thai brooked not delay kept me from your side. I was hugely chagrined/ ' That weary, weary business ! ' sighed Lenore. "Tis ever men's excuse. But now that you are here, I will not be melancholy. Ah, that I could be for ever by your side !' She nestled her head shyly on his bosom. He stroked her chestnut hair uoftly with his white hand, and looked down on her with a crafty and sinister smile—such a smile as might light up the face of a fowler when he sees the fluttering innocent which he has been doing his best to entice, begin to turn longingly towards the snare. ' Little simpleton !' he replied, pulling her ear. ' You speak as if what you long for were impossible of attainment; whereas one word from you would make it a blissful certainty, and render two loving hearts happy for ever.' ' I cannot, Varrel—I cannot say that word. Ah, why does my father dislike you so much ?' ' My faith ! how should I know ? But dislike is not the word, little one. You should ask, why does he hate me so intensely? There are those who gladly calumniate me, and for such he has ever a ready ear; for I am unfortunate enough to have many enemies, and 'doubtless twice as many faults.' < No, no, I will not hear such language, exclaimed Lenore. ' In time my father will relent, and then' 'Never, girl!' said Varrel fiercely. ' Colonel Lomond is not made of melting stuff. His hatred of me he will carry with him to the grave. Never look for change in him.—Sweet, one.' he added, changing his tone in a moment to one of low-breathing imploring tenderness— 'sweet one,as I have told thee before, both thy fate and mine are dependent on a single word from those rosy lips. Be mine, in spite of every one! I am rich, and can supply thy every want. We will go abroad ; in some lovely Italian valley, or fair isle of the eastern seas; we will forget our bygone troubles, and watch the happy days glide softly past, while rounding our lives to that perfect love which alone can bring back Eden to this weary earth. O Lenore, dearest and best-loved, flee with me at once and for ever!' She was standing by the little table, smiling, trembling, and yet with tears half starting from her lids, while he, kneeling on one knee, was covering her hand with passionate kisses. ' 0, Varrel, you try me almost beyond my strength/ she murmured. ' But I cannot, I dare not do as you wish. You know not my father as well as I do. He would seek me out and kill me—and you too, fttld VOU too, Derwent !• wherever we might be". His vengeance would be terrible and pitiless.' 'Timid little puss !' he said, half scornfully, as he rose and encircled her waist with his arm. ' Am I not competent to protect thee against the world? Fear nothing. For this house of bondage, for this stagnation of heart and soul, I will give thee life, and light and love. Thou shalt exchange this ' Hush !' exclaimed Lenore suddenly with a smothered shriek. ' I hear my father's footfall on the stairs. To the window, Varrel, or you are lost!' One hasty kiss, and then Varrel dashed aside the chintz curtain, and sprang to the window, only to fall back next main en t into the room like a man striken 'in the dark. ' A thousand devils ! I have been betrayed,' he exclaimed. 'The rope ladder is gone, and I see the figures of men moving about the lawn. Lenore, you must hide me!' ' Too late—too late !' she sobbed. (To be continnted.) 