VICTORIA. From our own Corresotndeut. Melbourne, November 25. The surmise that the Legislative Council, after passing the second reading of the Educa tion Bill, would not materially alter the measure in Committee has so far proved a correct one. Notwithstanding the fact that a formidable array of amendments had been prepared by ona of the members, progress was made a3 far as tbe 10th clause without any alteration of consa quence. Mr. A'Beckett made an unsuccessful attempt to introduce the authority of the heads of the denominations in the matter of the dis posal of school property, and the only amend ment carried was to the effect that it shall be mandatory on trustees to apply the proceeds of the sale of school lands for the pur poses of the denominational body beneficially interested. The Mining on Private Property Bill has come to grief through the disagreement of the two Houses. The Select Committee ap pointed by the Council to report on the subject, recommended that the resolutions sent up from the Assembly should not be approved of, but that the amendments of the Council should be insisted on. A message to this effect was sent to the Assembly, and the necessary result was that the Bill was laid aside. With the exception of the Education Bill, the Council have made quite a clearance of the Paper, the Market Laws Amendment Bill having been thrown out, and the Bills comprised in the following more or less interesting and intelligible list duly passed through all their stages, viz.:— Marriage with Deceased Wife's Sister, Patent Statute Amendment, Real Statute Amendment, Draw backs Bill, Master- in-Bquity Bill, Church of England Bill, Juries Statute Amendment, Public Health Bill, Diseases in Stock, Gun powder Bill, Administration of Justice Amend ment Bill, Game Act Amendment, Debentures Conversion, and the Agent-General Bill, Further progress would have been made with the Education Bill, but on Thursday both Houses, after a very short sitting, adjourned out of respect to the memory of the late Hon. Robert Turnbull, a member of the Legislative Council for the Eastern Province; the news of whose somewhat sudden death reached the Houses on Thursday afternoon. Mr. TornbuU was a very old colonist, having landed in Port Phillip upwards of 32 years ago, and was loag known and respected as a merchant. He was the founder of the township of Port Albert, and was elected as representative of Gipps Land on the separation of Victoria from New South Wales, and - was a member of the Legislative Council from 186$ till his decease, and though not a speaker earned for himself the respect of the country by his consistent voting. He was also a prominent member of the Presbyterian body, having been for 30 years a trustee of Scot's Church, Melbourne. Mr. O'Shannassy met with rather a serious accident on bis way home after the adjourn ment He was entering one of the omuibisos when the horses suddenly started, and the ho .. and portly member was thrown violently to thu ground, and the result will probably be that the next few clauses of the Education Bill will be got through more rapidly than might otherwise have happened. It appears that there has been some consider able doubt as to the status of certain Germans who have come across from South Australia and settled in the Wimmera District. In reply to a question in the House, the Solicitor-General stated that aliens who were naturalized in other British Colonies were not, as a consequence, naturalized in this colony, though the fact of previous naturalization greatly simplified the matter. An alien naturalized in your colony would only have to produce his certificate and identify himself as the person named in it; but as this would entail considerable trouble and expense to a man in an out-of-the-way region, it ia intended to adopt some method to simplify the matter. Sir Alexander Cockbura's comments on the subject of the Geneva award have been read with interest here, as our fair name has been somewhat bespattered in the Shenandoah busi ness. The arbitrators decided by a vote of three to two that the British Government are liable for the acts committed by the vessel after leaving Melbourne. The ground of tbisjudg .ment appears to be that a number of the crew was clandestinely augmented by men from our port. It is admitted, however, that our Govern ment did all they could to prevent any breaches of neutrality, but committed the crime of carrying out what is everywhere recognised as the ©sly rule of official conduct, viz., to place reliance on the word of a commander. In addition to this, there is merely the colour of a supicion that the police were not sufficiently vigilant. Bather scant reasons one would think for mulcting a nation, to the tune of some millions of dollars. It looks very much as if the gallant commander of the Shenandoah had been vaingloriouriy piling on the agony as to how he managed to 'do' the Victorian authorities. We have just had a glimpse at tbe other side of the affair in a letter from a gentleman who was at the time Traffic Superintendent, in which he declares that Captain Waddell complained most bitterly to him of the 'inhospitable and unfair' treatment he received from the Ministry of the day. We shall have to look out for the honour of our colony, for in the matter of the Polynesian barbarities also it appears to have been called in question at home. The injustice of this will be seen when the facts of the case are made known. As the result of rigid enquiry it is found that the Carl left this port with a freight of horses and a general cargo, and that there was no sus picion of the infamous traffic in which she was afterwards te be engaged. And it was not till after the cargo had been discharged, and a ' labour cruise' licence had been obtained from the British Consul at Fiji, that the atracities were perpetrated. The matter was brought before the House last week, and the Government have been and are still doing all they can to remove the stigma that has been cast upon us. As soon as the murders were made public offers were made to the New South Wales Govern ment of co-operation in bringing the guilty parties to justice, and detectives were set here to find out if any Victorians were implicated. As a result, two young men named Mount and Morris have been arrested, and will be arraigned this week upon a charge of murder upon the high seas. Dr. Henry Mount, the father of one of the accused, has written a pathetic letter in defence of his relative,, stating that he was unwittingly dragged into connection with the affair, having taken a passage in the ordinary course on board the Carl; and that he made what resistance he possibly could to the murderous intentions and efforts of the ' white livered scoundrel' Murray. Apiopos of this, a deputation ft om the Poly nesian Company have just waited on the Chief Secretary for the purpose of advocating the annexation of Fiji to Victoria. This step was taken under the belief that a despatch had been received from the Earl of Kimberley, in which the right of annexing Fiji was conferred on Victoria. It was stated that the despatch arrived in Mr. Duffy's time, but the present Government had never heard of the document before, and on enquiry it was found that neither the Governor nor the Under Secretary had any recollection of it. Under these circumstances, the whole mattetishgld over for the present. The Argus of yesterday states that informa tion has been received through a private channel from your colony to the effect that the several Australian Governments are considering a proposition to hold the proposed Conference at Hobart Town; that your colony and Tasmania are favourable: and that the settlement of the matter depends upon the reply of the New Zealand Government. No doubt it would be pleasanter for Victorian delegates, under existing circumstances, not to have to beard the New South Wales bear in bis own den, and it might be hoped that the tone and temper of the Conference would be improved under the influence of the cool atmosphere and beautiful surroundings of Tasman's fair isle. It was rather provoking that there should be a break in the telegraphic line just at the very time when the ghost of a startling rumour required 'lajing.' After the short, suspense we were considerably relieved to learn that 'the reports about the Gladstone Ministry and the money crisis were but the sensational weavings of some restless brain. Pretty strong language has been aimed at the devoted head containing the said brain— enough to have a deterrent.effect. But it seem* we must expect to be startled every now and then with flashes of the sort, and this will no doubt tend to keep up our interest in the cable. Tbe latest is to the effect that M. Thiers had been superseded by Generals Chargarnier and l'Admirult; but the report has not been corroborated, andisprobably merely an exaggerated outcome of the present crisis at Versailles. Amongst the reliable items received maybe noted the sad intelligence to His Excellency the Governor of the joss by death of two brothers-in-law— Lord Hastings and Henry Thompson, Esq.; and also the news that the rank of Earl has been conferred upon him. The Secretary of the Queen Insurance Company here has received a telegram to the effect that Boston fire losses amount to £70,000, and that claims have been duly settled. The Peebles-cum-Dunn speculation has not proved a success. The lectures have been poorly attended, and the Press have beeu very rough on the ' Seer.' Mr. P. has accordingly descended to low abuse, and his latest efforts have been to rake up strong epithets to throw at the Pre33 and what he calls the ' white- chokered' fra ternity. ' Dr. ' Dunn declines to do the kero3ine trick for £5, and shuffles out in a letter which the Daily lelegraph cruelly prints verbatim. The 'independent clairvoyant' talks about 'addage,' ' opertunity,' and ' infalibility,' and one can't help wondering why he doesn't arrange with the willing spirits for an ortho graphical miracle or two to be performed on himself. Theatre-geexs were glad to welcome back the Royal company last night in the comedy of 'School.' After two nights of Miss Rosa Evans in the character of Hamlet sc&e; more of the ' legitimate' business will be relished. The theatrical critics did not at all approve of the Hamlet performance, and Miss Eyani on Satur day night rated them in most womanly fashion, darkly hinting at what she would do if she were a maB, and insinuating that favourable criticisms have to be bought— an action that she scorned. For the honour of the Press it is to be hoped that the charge is groundless. At the annual meeting of the Religious Tract Society, held yesterday, when the name- of Judge Pohlman was proposed as a VicePresi dent, the Chairman (the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne), in a very delicate manner referred to the fact of certain painful rufuours afloat in reference to^ His Honor, and suggested that under the circumstances his name should be removed from the proposed list This was unanimously agreed on. Judge Pehlman has for many years taken an active part in religious and moral movements, and been respected for his upright and consistent conduct. It appears, however, that now in the 'sere and yellow leaf' period the charms of a pretty housekeeper have proved too much for the grave and solemn Judge. All sorts of versions of the scandal have been rife for some time, and it is now reported that Bis Honor, having married the fair enchantress (to make matters all right), is about to take a year's leave of absence for the purpose of spending a calm and undisturbed honeymoon in the old country. 