the congregational union and HOME MISSION. He animal meetings of the above Society were commenced on Wednesday evening in the Win dmarsh-square Congregational Church. At a quarter-past 7 The Busimss Meeting began. Proceedings were opened by the Chair ^ man for the past year, the Bev. C. Manthorpe who, after a hymn had been sung, led^ the assembled congregation in the usual devotional exercises. • • The Rev. C. Manthorpe then said it became his pleasing duty to retire from the official SNation he had occupied during the past year. e was thankful that it had been aposition of comparative ease and quiet j aud though he felt' he was best fitted to adorn private life, he was ' glad to have been able in any degree to serve the Churches as their Chairman. He had now only to retire to make way for the Chairman for the present year, the Rev. F. W. Cox. (Ap plause.) Upon the motion of the Rev. J. Howie, seconded by the Rev. M.. Whoiams, B.A., a unanimous vote of thanks was passed to the retiring Chairman for his efficient discharge of the dunes of the office during the year. THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. ,The Rev. F. W.- Cox, who on taking the chair was warmly greeted, then proceeded to deliver the annual address, of which the follow ing is an abstract Brethren, and Christian Friends—Called by the suffrages of the Union to fill the chair for the current year, I address myself. to the" first duty devolving -upon me— that of giving the inaugural address of this present annual session. In doing so l can not shut out from my view that the delivering \- of tins address on the evening preceding the 1 business meeting is intended to bring together a larger number of Christain friends than is usually present at the Chairman's address, and that I am in samp risk'of modifying my plan so as to meet the case of the wider circle of hearers. It behoves us upon suitable occasions to look back upon our past history, to consider well our present standing, and, so far as may be given to ns to peer into the gloom of the future, to see the goal towards which we and other Churches may be tending. In doing this we cannot but remember that we as a body have a history in our native land f er which we may heartily thank God. We had our serious faults, but they have been the faults of the age, wjiile some of our leading characteristics have been those arising from our deliberate convictions as to the teachings of Clod's word. We humbly dare to hope that our influence has been felt in the making of some of the strongest elements of our country's character. In three different directions our body has been nobly represented in our past history. Cromwell, the uncrowned king;. ] Hilton, through whose outward darkness the inward fire flashed forth; Howe and Owen, among the mightiest of theologians, prove that neither force. of will, nor prophetic fire, nor intellectual might have been wanting to us, and all consecrated to the highest and divinest use. Among the various theores of Church life and polity we may take the two most marked as typical—the multitudinous and the selective. The former contemplates all men within certain boundaries who have been subject to certain ordinances as members of the Church, con templating it as a visible and organized com munity; while the other regards the Church as a society of faithful men and women, who are drawn together into association by spiritual affinities springing from a common life drawn from Christ Jesus as the source and root, banded together for mutual edification, for the adminis tration ot Christ's ordinances, and for greater power and influence on the masses around them. In our case there is also the completeness of each worshipping society to do all Church work and to regulate itself under law to Christ with out external control, the Bishop being the overseer of a church, and not of a group of churches, except in the case of small societies. This we believe to be the New Testament idea, and we also believe that, notwithstanding the infirmities that cling to everything human, our practice has justified our method, and we would not willingly exchange our tried plans for anything in opera tion we may see around us. We are not insen sible to the case that may be plausbily made out for the broad basis of Church fellowship, as when it is said ""We plead with the wickedest men in our parishes, on the very ground of their being Christians, tolead lives conformable to their principles;" but we have not so learned Christ. In our case we require a credible profession of personal faith in Christ, and a walk and conver sation corresponding therewith. We say "per sonal faith" as distinguished from the mere general acknowledgment that our Lord lived and died to save men. It is true we may often have used unscriptoral methods to obtain this knowledge; that we may have often treated the Church as a fortress to be defended rather than a feast of rich blessings to which famishing anners are to be invited. But with our idea of what the objects of Christian fellowship, are we are constrained to seek Christian fellowship with those who are like-minded, and have some per sonal experience that they are translated out of the kingdom of darkness into that of the Lord. While we thus state our case, we are not insen sible to certain tendencies to which we are liable, imperilling our very foundations. The present quickening of men's thoughts is producing in ns, as in others, restlessness, and anxious gazing about for what is next to appear. We see, too, that other forms of religious organization have -Rome advantages which we imagine we have not. It is a trite remark that every form of Church life is perhaps the embodiment of some leading characteristic in itself good. We also admit that no Church ever existing per fectly embodied the divine idea. Our special principle has been to throw the soul directly upon God; to bring it into commnnioa with the -divine through the Word and by the Spirit of the Living God. We have always taught that no man can stand between the soul and God in a priestly capacity, and that ne ordinances can supply the lack of the soul's own .personal com munion. We have to appearance reversed the common adage, "No salvation out of the Church," by placing Christ for the Church, and ' making the Lord himself not only the door to spiritual life,' but the door to the Church itself. He objected to a recent lecture by Mr. Froude, which contained a history of the manifestations of religiousness, for the author bad missed the true point to which his subject should have led him, viz., that in all profoundly earnest and ample forma of religious life the individual soul is thrown to a great extent on God himself rather than upon priesthood or sacramentsor organizations, and when this is done that one great fear, "the fear of God," casts out a\l other fear, makes men resolute and untiring in doing what they believe God requires, and also enables them to stand alone, so to speak, as nothing else in the world will, and to defy the world if need be. And thin is what we have desired to do in our Church life. Now it seems to us as if some of our modern tendencies ware in danger of weakening this principle and lowering this idea. One" tendency ef which we complain is seen in our supposed necessity to large increase of numbers so as to keep pace with all the other forms of religious life around us. Observe, we are not speaking now of the desire to carry the Word of God to destitute neighbour hoods. "In this age of publicity the Church, too, seeks to live in the blaze of public life. Numbers are chronicled, results are tabulated, and we are thus under constant temptation to "measure ourselves by ourselves, and to compare ourselves among ourselves." And one effect of'this effort" is a feeling of jealousy of other bodies who may exhibit larger* statistical returns than we, which calls for great watchfulness lest there should be a weakening of that fraternal regard we should cherish to Christian societies around us. The next ten dency arises from the former, and is a dissatis faction with our long- cherished principles, and a leaning towards a connexional form of organi sation. We have no Diocesan Bpiscopacy. Fresbyterianism and Methodism will often^ do things easily that are bard for us to accomplish, and may often avoid certain evils into which we are likely to fall. But we take the balance of good and evil, and we strongly, feel that we could not alter our system for another, even on the general ground of expediency, were we "not satisfied with the divine authority of our. principles. Though while elaiming scriptural authority for our principles, we are far from claiming the same for the form in which we may present them towards society. We might illus trate this question by reference to political forms of government. As Englishmen, we have often been load in our praise of the autocratic rule of France; yet once more has histoiy demonstrated that the gathering the life to a centre, instead_of_ leaving each local point a centre of life, is in Che long run .a mistake. Another tendency arises from the develop ; ment of political power, worldly wealth, And social position in -our Churches. ; The progress *of the country, in material advance ment has' been something unparalleled, and in Chat advance the. bodies of Christians holding Nonconformist forms -have been among the largest participators. The result.has -been the «ultratu>D of ideas before unknown to us. Our. ■ mnpGnjrJidrtcMi .. became .chapels, and then " churches. -Our ministers -are sometimes called clergymen. Our j^lepf&rchitecture; Is changed. ° \- To a large extent we have dropped the name ; singing in $lso in ^-cultivated and highly ' itodo Ihe ringing, '"smthlisfch ing to sweet music. Increasing -wealth and ' social refinement have brought many of our people into contact with classes of society who regarded Dissent as a positive social stygniaj so that some aredrawnaway to the other ride. Besides this, the possession of wealth has a tendency to lead, even in Christian households, to the adoption of a stylo of life and of amuse ments of a worldly and questionable character. Also, the way in which the lawful business of trade and commerce is carried on'is often quite undis tinguishable from that of the world around. 0 that Christian men would learn that they are nowhere commanded to be rich and great, but that they are commanded to be holy, even as their Father in heaven is holy. Another ten- . . dency, in the wide, spread of general religious ness, with an accompanying laxity of view of New Testament requirements, mid the almost total neglect of doctrinal study, is the loosing upon Christianity as a general code of morals —as a wide-spread purifier of the general life of .nations—rather than what it is . a special revelation from God to rescue lost men, as individuals, from the curse and condemnation of sin.. That theological study is at a low ebb in some branches of the Church—as shown by Dr. Iittledale inthe Coa temporary Review, and that it is so in other branches is a matter of personal experience, while.the tone of the secular Press shows clearly the tendency I have alluded to, as instanced by the recent articles in the Timet on Chinese We cannot iaffirm too loudly our con viction that the Gospel did not come from God, ratified by the blood of Christ, to improve legis lation, to purify society, or to make the lot of man on earth mpre tolerable as its ^ primary re sult. Nay, verily, God's method is to act on centres, and then on circumferences, on mdi riduals saved by His grace, and through them on those within reach of their influence. The comparison of spiritual work should not be com pared. with a Board of Health but with the physician's work, who comes to dying with an infallible remedy fresh from the hand of. God. If the Gospel does not this last, I fail to see what its use is, for in nations in which it has proved its power we see many of the direst evils of society yet rampant. War is more frequent than it was in Pagan Rome. "Slavery has only lately been ex tinguished. Pauperism and crime abound, and the depths of social degradation aye as profound in London, Glasgow, and New York as they are in many countries where the Gospel is not known. These things are blots upon our Christian escutcheon, but assuredly they will never be cured by our forgetfulness of the personal and individual nature of Christian work. We ob serve in the tone of preaching among Evangelical bodies a tendency towards an indiscriminate application of the law of Christian life to the mass of hearers, as if Christian work were merely regu lative instead of regenerative. ^The peril is that of mistaking ourselves, and causing others to mis take, a mere external conformity witii ^ the ethics of the ten commandments, combined with going to service twice on Sunday, for the demand made by the Gospel for the heart, the whole heart, and nothing hat the heart of the children of men. The foregoing are some of ' the dangerous tendencies; yet let it not be thought for a moment that we are insensible to the evidences of good around, that indi cate a new stage in the Church's develop ment. For example—the growing sentiment of unity and co-operation among the Churches in some directions, notwithstanding the widening of the breaches between them in others. In some directions this desire for union takes the form of ecclesiastical coalition, as we have seen it accomplished among the Presby terians and talked of in Conferences, &c.;, among several other bodies. To me it seems tbnt. in most cases this is hut a dream at present, albeit a dream that indicates the direction of waking thoughts. The inestimable blessing both to the Church and the world of the oneness of life in Christ and the oneness of purpose and which the Gospel inculcates cannot be doubted when we read the tender words of the Master in John xv. 12, and xviL | 21\. But the fulfilment of this dearest wish of the Lord's heart seems to be capable of as com plete a -fulfilment with a huge measure of out ward diversity as with entire amalgamation of all existing Church organizations, if there only be oneness of heart in. Christ. Another satisfac tory point,'to us at least, is the manner in which some of the principles of Church life which we have always regarded as fundamental have appeared in unlooked-for and unlikely places. High Churchmen sometimes enunciate the independence of the Church from State control. In the Church of England, too, we haye seen a greater prominence given to the teaching ministry, while the disestablish ment of existing State Churches is a question coming to the'politieal surface in most countries, promising to result in the complete severance of this unholy alliance. There is also evidence not only of growing religiousness as seen in the great preponderance in number of distinctly religious publications each year over anj other class of literature, but also many helps to the better understanding of the Bible than used to be seen. The result of ages of'mere textual preaching, and of the use of words of Scripture for any purpose to which they can in their isolated form be applied, is beginning to yield to a more thought ful consideration of the scope and meaning of the writers of the Bible. Through the writings of such men as Alford and Stanley new ideas of the use of Scripture will spring up, and that good day in which a revised text and a truthful division of the books shall supersede the present chapter and verse system-is not far distant. In conclusion, let it be ours to hold to the great verities of scriptural truth firmly, and to trust them implicitly. It has been our fate to he thought by worldly men impractic able, and so it must ever be where our principles are clearly seen and firmly grasped. We seem to have been often defeated, but we have always been victorious in our defeats. After every successive failure we have only to restate our case, and to continue to -do it with that pertinacious assurance that springs from a living faith. But to this end there must be in our individual hearts a complete submission to Christ as the only Lord mid teacher, and an equally clear perception that men can only be saved by the divine ■ means. Add ^ to this, patience in working, praying, and writing that can only spring from a consciousness of a divine power underlying and rewarding all we do, and we cannot hut conquer through Him who hath loved us. ■ The Rev. C. Mahthorpe moved that the best -thanks of the meeting be presented to the Chairman for his able and interesting address. He had listened to it with great pleasure, especially to the outspoken reference -of the principle of personal frith in it as the basis of their Church life. . - ■ The Rev. J. Gibson seconded. He was pjeased with the orthodoxy of the address, and also with the attentive listening to it, which showed that the Gospel of our Father is still beloved. Carried by acclamation. - Upon the motion of the Rev. C. B. Stmes, the debate was postponed until the next day. SECRET AST* S REPORT, The Rev. E. Griffiths read the Secretary's report as follows:— meetings. "The monthly meetings of the Committee during the year now expiring have been duly held, and the attendance almost without excep tion good, averaging nearly 17. Once only did it fall below 16. The number of meetings held, including two specially called, is 15. To expe dite the business of the Union, the Committee appointed several Sub-Committees, whose meet ings have also.been well attended. " ASSISTED CHURCHES. "The first important duty that felltothenew Committee to discharge was the consideration of the claims of our weaker Churches to pecu niary assistance. Out of the estimated income of the "Onion the following grants were made for the year which closed March 31:— "Milanc, £75. This sum was voted in consi deration of the failure of the erops in the dis trict, and because of the recent settlement of Bev. T. Davies as pastor, on the understanding, however, ■ that the sum of £25 should be deducted. from the amount of any average grant the Union might make to the Church tho next year. After a service of 15 months, having resolved to resign the pastorate and return to England, and fear ing the Church might suffer in consequence of the condition which he understood to he at tached to a portion of the above grant, Mr. Davies offered"to refund to the Union the said Eiim of £25; the Committee declined to consider dinon. ueaaes «g auovBgiaumuui^uo funds of the Mission, the sum of £74 was specially raised, principally by a few members of Com mittee, oh behalf of Rev. C. D. Watt, late of Mflang, now through age and infirmity retired from the ministry. Mr. Davies reports the average attendance at the Sabbath services— Milani? 90: Point Sturt, 45. The amount raised for aUpurposes-Milang, £10718s. lOd.; Point Sturt, £25. Early in the year 1871 thev17 communicants were formally constituted a church, to which 19 members were aubsc uuentlv added. Mr. Davies also established a Sunday- school, which, at the date of report, numbered 55 scholars afl ™gM i*tehers, and had a library-of 120 vols.; a^Bible class with nn average attendance of 16; and_ a weekly and, likewise an eariy Sabbath morning prayer ™S?H^py Valley, -£40. Rev. C. Hall reports .the financial position iff the Chureh, as eom paredwith the year before, 'alittle belter, and mnritnally-'much more enootfM,im attendance bn Lord's * Day, !1 scholars and 10 teachers. The amount raised I for all purposes during the year, £98 17s. 7£d. 'The Church is far from being able at present to maintain its minister, on account of its pjverty.' "Port Victor, Encounter Bay, and Bali Hills, £75. These' Churches are unitedly under the pastorate of Rev. C. Hodge, who reports that the Church at Port Victor has 'suffered through removals and depression in trade;' that the Church at Encounter Bay is 'about the same;' and that Bald Willg Church has * declined very much through loss of crops and removals.' The average attendance at the three places respectively on Sabbath services is 100, 40, and 40; Church members, 13,-S, 12; Sabbath-school scholars and teachers, 60 and 9, 20 and 3, 39 and 0. Amounts raised during the year—Port Victor, £61 18s. 4Jd.; En counter Bay, £18 Os. 6d.; Bald Hillg (including £6 9s. from the Sabbath-school), £26 103. Mr. Hodge adds, ' we have suffered from the loss of another harvest, and our needs~are much more pressing that they were last year.'" , " Kadina, £30. The average attendance, on Lord's Day is.-at Eadina, 125at Green's Plains, 40; Church members, 65; Sunday scholars, 112; teachers, 16. The position of the Church, as compared with the previous year, 'slightly "improved in almost every respect.' The Committee rejoice to be able to report that this Church has now become self-sustaining. Mr. Hall, Finance Secretary, writes—* I am requested by .the pastor and members of the - Kadina Congregational- Church to convey to your Society their best and heartfelt thanks for the temporal assistance rendered to them by your Society for a number of years; and to inform you that at the expiration of the present grant they will not require any further aid.' " Goolwa, £25. This Church, under the pastorate of Rev. J. Hotham, of Port Elliot, has an average attendance on Lord's Day of from 50 to 60; the members number 20; the Sabbath-school 36 children and 5 teachers. Amount raised during the year, £40. Though some of the Church and congregation have left the neighbourhood, ' the number attending public worship is increasing.' "High-street, Kensington. In addition to the above grants voted early in the financial year, a special grant of £10 was made in January to this Church. Rev. W. Nicholls reports tbat during the nine preceding months the sum of about £77 was raised for all purposes; that the Sabbath-school has 48 children and 9 teachers; that the Church members number 30, being an increase of 9; and that the congregation has doubled. Assistance at the present time from the funds of the Union is solicited, and the hope expressed that it will not be long before the Churjh is in a position to contribute to that fund, when it will ' cheerfully' do so. " Alma Plains. An application for a grant of £50 for one year has just been received from this Church, which, after several years' depen dence on occasional ministerial service, is about to secure a settled pastor. "Houghton. This is the only station regu larly supplied by the Agents of the Home Mission. Shipley will now probably be again taken up by the Home Mission, Rev. E. Griffiths having been obliged to resign the pastorate. Mr. McEwin reports an improvement in the attendance, which now averages 25. A weekly Bible class of 'from eight to 10 lads' is held; also a Sabbath-school of 70 scholars and nine teachers. It is in contemplation to form a Church here. The position is 'on the whole much better' tban it was last year. " The Committee applied in October to our Colonial Society in London on behalf of the South-Eastern portion of this province. They represented that Lacepede Bay—the only spot in the South-East where Independency has established a footing—offered a field of labour tbat overreached the powers of any one man, and that if the Society could send out a qualified young man to co-operate with the llev. D. Milne, and contribute for the present, say £100 per annum towards his support, the Union would guarantee an equal amount. Reasons were adduced to the Committee for believing that the request would meet with the favourable consideration of the Society. No reply has been received beyond a formal acknowledgment of receipt of application, in which, however, the Secretary, Rev. Alex. Hannay, expressed a fear that the state of the Society's finances would not permit the granting of such assistance, but that he would bring the matter before the Executive of the Societyat their earliest meeting. " PRECEDENCY. "The resolution passed at the last annual meeting was duly forwarded .to the Governor. It issued in a correspondence between His Excel lency and the Committee, which was.published in the daily papers, 25th May. The Committee then proposed to memorialize the Legislature on the'subject, but the Rev. F. W. Cox having in the meantime consulted with representatives of other denominations,, it was resolved to leave in their hands the conduct of this business, which finally vanished from the Committee 12th September. " MHOSTEErAt TRAINING. "Hie Committee resolved, June 13th, that it was desirable 'to encourage and assist a few suitable young men, members of our Churches, to prepare themselves for the Christian ministry;' | and that to secure this end it was further desir able to obtain if possible the co-operation of other denominations; and that the Baptist and -Presbyterian bodies should be invited jointly with this Committee to consider the question. Favourable replies having been received, delegates from the three denominations met, and prepared a few recommendations^ which were accepted by the Baptist Association, the Presbytery, and, at the half-yearly meeting, our own Union.- A council composed of six repre sentatives of each of these three bodies was formed, and the result has been made public in the prospectus of ' Union College.' \- "ministers' provident fund. "The subject of making provision for our ministers, when by reason of age or infirmity they are incapacitated for the active duties of ! the pastorate, was brought before the Committee ^ at its first meeting, and reasonable expectations ] were then created that some influential member of Committee would prepare and take charge of i a- measure to be submitted to the half-yearly meeting. After repeated delays and disappoint ments it was suggested the Ministers' Provident Fund of the Victorian Congregational Union might be made a basis for the consideration of the question; and, as Bev. J. C. McMichael, of j Gawler, had till recently resided in Victoria, he was requested to introduce that scheme to the notice of the half-yearly meeting. He kindly consented. A general discussion at that meeting was followed by the appointment of a Select Committee, composed of Messrs. Cox, Ferguson, Hay, Lewis," McMichael, Smedley, Stow, and Griffiths, to prepare a scheme for submission to the present meeting. " RULES OF THE UNION. "Theattention of the Committee was early called to the desirability of amending the By laws so as to define the duties of the Secretaries, determine more carefully the method of con ducting the meetings -of Committee, arrange a more satisfactory plan for the nomination of officers and Committee for election at the annual meetings, &c.; A list of revised By-laws was in course of .consideration, when—the in adequate and meagre character of the existing General Rules having been formally noticed and acknowledged—it was withdrawn in favour of a more comprehensive list of rules, in which the most important element of the proposed By-laws should be incorporated. These revised rules have for some time been in -the hands of ministers and delegates, and will be submitted to the present meeting. " HALF-YEARLY MEETING. " This was held at Port Adelaide, October 5 The attendance of ministers and delegates was large. "magazine. "The position of the South Australian Inde pendent, now under the editerial management of Rev. F. W. Cox, is, -in a financial aspect, highly satisfactory. But the number of copies issued, about 580, the Committee considers might be easily enlarged, and they venture earnestly to hope that this meeting will promote a much more extensive circulation of the magazine among our congregations. " STATISTICS. " The following figures arc an abstract of the ! returns of our Churches, forwarded at the re quest of the Government:— Tear. Sittings. Average attendance. 1869 ... ... 8,203 5,052 1672 ... ... 7,941 4,750 Members. Sunday.Scholars. 1869 1,338 3,085 1872 1,571 3,103 The above are an approximate estimate only. , Some Churches decline to furnish the desired ; particulars, and among the answers are some . obvious errors. " REVIEW. • "The Committee desire to express their gra-! iitude to the Eternal God who has been through another year the refuge of our Churches; : beneath whose eye and resting on whose ever lasting arms this, tribe of Israel has dwelt in ^ safety, and bis fountain has been upon a land of corn and .wine. 'Bless, Lord, his substance, ,and accept the work of his hand.' ' >' It gives the Committee great joy to be able to utter their copgrat^ations with Stow Memo rial-Church in. that it has pleased the Chief j Shepherd to send them at length another and well-accredited pastor. Rev- Coiiner B. Symes, B, A, arrived in Adelaide in; March, rocrived a j hearty welcome, expected hard" work, .and im-' mediately plunged into his labours. - . The Committee, on the other hand, sin cerely rogretthe departure horn the'province of Bey, nowbereaved Church at MQang, among whom during the past year his ministry—a service of talented faithfulness—presented a pledge so full of hope. May God direct the steps of our brother to that part of the vineyard destined to be occupied by him, and may He Bend another out, or raise another here, to take his place. " Rev. A. Scales, at the close of his interim ministry at Stow Church, left the province and went to Victoria. The Committee rejoice, how ever, in the expectation that he will before long return, and permanently devote his valuable ser -vices to the Churches of South Australia. "It has given much satisfaction to the Com mittee to learn that the Church at Alma Plaims has invited Mr! J. A. Dowie, lately returned from Scotland, to become their pastor, and that Mr. Dowie, whose labours in that district before his departure from the colony have not been unblest or forgotten, has accepted the call. Knowing 'the forwardness of his mind,' and that'it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thine-,' the Committee wish Mr. Dowie God speed, and pray not only that he may give full proof of his ministry, but also that his zeal may ■ provoke very many.' "The Committee -are thankful to note that in the past year death has not been permitted to take any pastor away from his flock, nor has any circumstances arisen of a nature to bring upon the Union sudden aud peculiar sorrow. And they humbly pray - that to our Churches the coming year may not only be as free as the past year from special calamity, discord, or disaster, but that it may be marked by more abundant -and abiding mercies. May it be a season in which every one of our "Churches, from the least to the greatest, shall enter into a profounder rest, and be edified; and, walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, be multiplied. And may like and equal blessings attend all the Churches of Christ in South Australia which are 'not of this fold.'" The Rev, J. Jefferis, LL.B., moved the adoption of. the report, which he regarded as a masterly digest of the year's transactions. He coupled with this motion that the debate on the report be postponed until to-morrow. Mr. A. Stow seconded. - Carried. FINANCIAL REPORT. Mr. G. Scrymgour was sorry that his having to read the financial report was in consequence of the departure from amongst them of Mr. Gore. The balance-sheet showed that they commenced the year witb a balance in hand of £70 0s. 3d.; subscriptions for the year were £272 10s. 7d., making a total income of £312 10s. lOd. The sums expended were—Grants to Churches, £255; other expenses, £50 lis. 7d.— making in all £305 lis. 7d., which left a balance in band of £36 19s. 3d. Mr. A. Stow moved that the report be adopted and the discussion postponed until to-morrow. Carried. MAGAZINE REPORT. Mr. "W. T. Flint stated that the balance sheet showed them to he in an exceptional position, for they had a balance to credit of £60 18s. Id. Their monthly sale he estimated at £13, and the cost of printing £10, thus leaving a profit every month of £3. This, after ex perience of two and a half years, was a financial success. The circulation, however, was not so large as could be deared. It had increased in some places, hut diminished in others, and he urged the adoption of means for its extension. The Rev. J. Jeffehs, "LL.B., in moving the adoption of the repoit and the postponement of the debate, would point out that the diminished circulation arose fron many having taken extra copies to start the magazine successfully, which they ceased now to tike. He thought the idea of getting the co-operation of the Presbyterians was a capital idea,' and he hoped it would be brought forward when the Presbyterian deputa tion would be present. Carried. CHAPEL BUILDING SOCIETY'S REPORT. Mr. C. Smedley, in submitting this report, had pleasure in stiting that the increase of funds was £61 0s. 6dt The Churches aided were all in a health; position, and would repay the amounts owing when they -became due. No new bequest i had been made during the year, but it was pleasing' to know that the Society in its previous years had largely helped impoverished Churches, and he reasonably hoped that its claims would he re cognised by those wlo had acquired largely. Last year the assets were £1,536 2s. lOd. This year they were £1,597 3s. 4d., making the balance of £61 Os. 6d. The assets were—Loans, £1,492 4s. 3d.; interest, £61 7s. 10d.; rent, £4 4s.; Bank, £35 lis. 10d; and cash in hand, £3 8s. 5d. The securities had been examined, and the accounts audited and found correct. It was gratifying to add that the cost of working the Society for 13 years had been under 20s. per year, and that no misunderstanding nor dispute had ever oecurred. Mr. J as. Porter moved that the report be adopted and the debate adjourned. Carried. The Rev. E. Griffiths read over the meet ings for the following day; and after singing the doxology the Chairman pronounced the bene diction, and the meeting closed. The annual meetings of this Society were resumed in the Stow Memorial Church on Thursday, May 16. The day's proceedings opened with a prayer meeting at half-past 9, and at half-past 10 1 The Adjourned Business Meeting commenced, presided over by the Rev. F. W. ! Cox. After - singing and prayer, the Rev. E. Griffiths stated that apologies had beeu re- : ceived from the Revs. W. "Wilson, S. L. Harris, and D. Milne, who were unable to attend. He also wished to introduce to the Union some who were present for the first time—the Rev. C. B. Symes, of the Stow Memorial Church: the Rev. J. Lloyd, of Wallaroo; and Mr. Dowie, the pastor-elect of Alma Plains. The Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., and Mr. Dowie were then received into the Union. | The minutes of the last meeting were taken as read and then confirmed. ADJOURNED DISCUSSION ©N CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Chairman stated that he felt out of place in presiding whilst discussion should go on, bat as it had been usual, he supposed he also must hear the brunt of what might be said. The Rev. C. B. Symes had listened 'to the. address with great pleasure. He felt it to be a most valuable resume of questions and difficul ties in their Church life. He had been espe cially pleased at the emphasis with which the selectiveprincipleof church order had been stated, because in the present day it was opposed by many. Perhaps the means they had used to ascertain the true Christianity of their members had sometimes-been questionable, but they were satisfied, with the principle, and should seek to employ it ou the most common-sense plans, for they must always remember that the Churches, whether considered as a family or as a society, would be held responsible for the character of those in them. He was not quite sure if he had understood the Chairman's reference to their relation to ■ other denominations. He had ap peared to indicate that the looking round on others was a weakness, and that they ought rather to be content with their Congrega tionalism," without borrowing from others ; but he held that one of the great beauties of Con gregationalism was its elasticity—that it could adopt new forms without any alteration of its principle. In England- the isolation of the Churches was deplored, and he held that it was a weakness they might remedy without sacri ficing anything by it. He had thought, too, that the slightest possible infusion of Presby terianism would assimilate their Church life nearer to the acts of the Apostles, and make it more useful.* The tendency which their brother bad pointed out to merge simple Church life into something more ornate certainly existed, and should be watched against. He was sorry, as a stranger, to hear that there was a tendency to cultivate choir singing at the expense of con gregational singing; but he thought such a tendency would be counteracted by the use of simple, melodious tunes, such as were'now general in England. He thanked the Chairman -for the valuable address. Mr. R. Searle had read the address, and could endorse most of its statements. He thought with the last speaker that their Churches suffered from being so isolated; but as to their psalmody, he did not think there was the tendency to neglect congregational singing which was feared. He objected to the strictures on the word Congregational, though he coutaL sympathize with the feeling that had prompted them. Independent was too cold a name, and indicated standing aloof, while Congregational was. warmer, closer, heartier, and spoke of brotherly union. Mr. James Storrie suggested -that when the address was read one day and discussed the next it should be printed, and a copy-supplied to each, minister and. delegate present. An excellent report hadappeared that morning iu the 'Register, and had slips of it been printed they would have been useful in the discussion. He, had been pleased with the - Chairman's remarks on denominational names, but he thought that whatever names they preferred they oughtito stick to one. As it was, they had a Congregational Union, 'but an Independent Magazine, Personally, he preferred the name " Independent";for various reasons. ; The Rev.,J. V: Mc^qhael agreed exten sively with the address. * He .-'liked the - came Independent mid tee word Chapel. and he be Jieved then: singing had the tendency spoken of; but "'they were not responsible for the address, and he thought their discussion upon ItWaSaAoW address, and they had best take it home with ■ them and pray over it. . . The Rev. J. Jefferis thought the discussion on the address did good, and he wishedto criticise one point. The Chairman when dealing with_ the subject of the personal aspect of religion had drawn a picture of the other aspect, which was Hardly true. He seemed to set forth that while God acted upon circum ferences from centres, there was not much to show that English society had largely improved by the Gospel, and a contrast was drawn between England and Pagan Rome, showing that after all they had not much to thank Christianity for. He did not believe the Chair man meant that, for while they were only doing theirright work as they were seeking to lay hold of individuals, yet were they to look for wider manifestations of their success than in indi viduals themselves. Surely the world must be the better for 1,800 years of the Gospel, and he hoped the Chairman would modify his remarks on 'this subject. The Rev. E. Griffiths supported the remarks of the Rev. Mr. MeMichael, and thought it -would not be well to prolong the discussion. Mr. A. Hat thought that if there was no dis cussion the address would go forth as- the utter-' ance of the Union, though many might disagree with some of its points. » He hardly liked what the address said on the primary object of the Gospel. He thought it was intended to act on bodies as well as on individuals. As to the denominational name, he thought they had better leave it alone until they were prepared to decide after thorough dis cusaon. _ As to the Church psalmody, com pared with England theirs was good. The objection to the trained singers he took excep tion to. It was necessary that their singing should be led by those that could lead, so that the congregation might be trained to sing. The singing was the only portion of the service the congregation took part in, hence it ought to have every attention. To be satisfied with an educated ministry and an uneducated psalmody was a mistake. The Rev. W. Harcus thought it would be better if the discussion followed immediately on the delivery of the address. This would give their remarks more spirit and sympathy, and would tend to prevent long speeches. As to the name being changed, it needed a proper time for discussion. But " Congregational" was in convenient, as in America there was a body of Unitarian Cougregationalists. He thought Mr. Hay had hardly done justice to the passage he quoted. It meant that the Gospel was to act primarily upon the individual, and then go on to affect society generally. As to the singing, he thought that the adoption of the simple easy class of tunes to which reference had be en made would tend to improve the con gregational psalmody, though he hardly thought there was the tendency to 'exalt paid singers in the way stated. The Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A., expressed sympathy with the Chairman, as much had been attributed to him that was hardly correct. As to Church music, there had been considerable improvement in it, and he recommended the use of the Bristol Tune Book. Mr. Dowie expressed hearty concurrence in the address, and hoped it would go forth largely approved by that Union. It was desirable that. they should be reminded that they had a history upon which they could look back with humble pride;but the lay agency for which their history was famous was being lost sight of. They needed such Church h6lp in South Aus tralia, as the district showed in which he was settled. He agreed with the spiritual remarks, but while he believed in a selective Church principle, yet every Christian should work out from the centre of Iris own soul to the circum ference of those whom he could influence. The Rev. H. Cheetham moved that the best, thanks of this Union be presented to the Chair-* | man for his excellent address, and that, if he consented, it be printed in the magazine. 'The Rev. C. Manthobpe seconded. The Chairman was not going to reply to the points which had 'been brought out in the dis cussion. The address was his address, and he knew that his opinions were at variance on many subjects with those of some of his brethren. He had ~ not intended to have the address printed, as the yearly printing of the address created a bad precedent; /but as it had already partially appeared in the newspapers, and .as they wished it to appear in the Magazine, he would withdraw his objection. (Applause.) As to the criticisms of the Rev. Mr. Jefferis, the declaration at the commencement of the address of the extent to which English society had been influenced by Congregational Christianity modi fied what followed. Carried. discussion on the general report. The Rev. J. C. McMichael would like a para graph added to the report. Last year it had been intimated that he had accepted the pas torate of the Gawler Church for a year. Now he wished it to be stated that he had accepted the pastorate for an indefinite period. Agreed to. The Rev. C. Manthorpe moved " that the statistical portion of the report be omitted." It was evidently erroneous, and had better be left out. The Rev. E, Griffiths seconded. Carried. Mr. A Stow (the Secretary) asked whether they should supply the Government with the denominational statistics they applied for. Upon the motion of Mr. Storrie, it was re solved that the "Secretaries be directed to give last year's returns except the average atten dance, and that returns for the present year be obtained of the chapel buildings, sittings, Sunday-schools, and members. \- Carried. The Rev. J. Jefferis moved—"That the Alberton, Aldinga, Brighton, Kooringa, Mor phett Vale, and Wallaroo Chapels be placed in a list in the returns under the description of buildings in trust to our body, but not occupied by us at present for public worship." Carried. PRESBYTERIAN DEPUTATION. The Revs. Jas. Lyall and J. Davidson attended, on behalf of the Presbyterian Churches, as a deputation to express the Christian sympathy and brotherhood of the South Australian Pres bytery towards the Congregational Union. They were introduced by the Rev. E. Griffiths, who accorded them a hearty welcome. The Rev. Jas. Lyall said that they were present as a deputation to express the fraternal greetings of the Presbytery to that Union. The two bodies held substantially the same Evan gelical truths, and worked for the same great ends by nearly similar means. It was the first time the Presbytery had appointed a deputa- \ tion to such a meeting, and he was glad to j observe the mutual good feeling and respect which was growing between the two bodies. His intercourse with Independents had been cordial and pleasing. The two bodies, too, had .much to draw them together. They had j histories which had gone pretty nearly in the same direction. Both Churches "had cherished an earnest desire for purity and spirituality. In these days of rationalism and ritualism also they were better fitted to resist such tendencies than any other two Churches. They should not magnify their differences, therefore let them endeavour to work more unitedly in the cause of their Lord. As an individual he desired and could look-forward to the union of Presby terians-and Independents in one Church. To . say that as a representative, however, would be ' exceeding'his authority. * But on behalf of the Presbytery he wished the Independent Churches great prosperity, a laige measure of grace, and great success in advancing the kingdom of the Lord. The Rev. J. Davidson endorsed what Mr. Lyall had said. He also had had pleasant inter course with Independent ministers, and in these days, when so much remained to be done for Christ, it was well the way should be cleared, if not to incorporation, to close co- operation be tween them. He looked with pleasure upen the . exchanges of pulpits which had occurred be tween the ministers of the two denominations, and thought tlus would tend more than anything else to bring about union. He was pleased to be present, and presented the fraternal greeting of the South Australian Presbytery to them. The Rev. C. Manthorpe said they all recipro cated most heartily the expressions of regard they had just heard. As a return of kindly feeling, he moved that the Chairman and the Rev. J. Jefferis be a deputation to the next meeting of the Presbytery, to express on behalf of the Gongregational .Union kindly sympathy and fraternal greeting. The Rev. E. Griffiths seconded. Carried. MAGAZINE REPORT. _ The Rev. C. Manthorpe proposed the adop tion of the report, and that ministers and delegates present do their utmost to increase the circulation of the magazine. Mr. J. M. Dowie seconded. It was suggested that as there was a credit balance, the' magazine should be improved by increasing its size, by using smaller type, or by incorporating the " Children's Magazine" withit. ~~ The Chairman could not understand the credit balance; as it represented some Churches to be indebted, that he knew were not. Mr. Shawyer explained that "the -report was up to April 12, and that the amounts might Lave been paid since. Carried. ' . '., • '" J The-Rev. J. Jefferis thought it wotdd: be advantageous if the Presbyterians would unite ; in something of joint responsibility in the pro-; duction and use of the nJagazine. He moved that'itwotMbeM Committee to take action with reference to the co-operation of their Presbyterian brethren in the magazine. The Rev. J. Davidson could not speak with authority, hut having-felt the want of such an organ be would be sailing to forward the wish of the Union. \- The Rev. J. Lyall would also support such an arrangement. Carried. FINANCIAL REPORT. On the motion of the Rev. C. Manthobpe, this report was adopted, and ordered to be printed. REPORT OP THE CHAPEL BUILDING SOCIETY. Adopted, and ordered to be printed." ELECTION OP COMMITTEE AND OFFICERS The following gentlemen were elected for the year:—Treasurer, Mr. A. Hay; Secretaries, the Rev. £. Griffiths and Mr. A Stow; Finance Secretary, Mr. G. Scrymgour, jun.; Auditors, Messrs. J. M. Anderson and S. Whitmore. A vote of thanks was passed to the late Finance Secretaries, Messrs. Buik and Gall. Chairman —Rev. E. Griffiths. Upon the motion of Mr. Storeie, seconded by the Rev. C. W. Evan, it was resolved that irrespective of the Committee elected that day all ministers in connection with the Union should be ex officio members of the Committee. The following gentlemen were elected as the Committee:—The Revs. C. W. Evan, J, Jefferis, C. Manthorpe, C. B. Symes, Cheetham, A. Scales, McMicbael, Ferguson, Messrs. A. Adamson, J. A. Chartier, T. Caterer. H. Dean, G. P. Doolette, J. M. Dowie, W. T. flint, J. Grosse, W. Newbold, G. Phillips, J. Porter, J. T. Shawyer, C. Smedley, J. Storrie, D. Robin, and J. M. Stacy. REPORT OP ONION COLLEGE. " The six delegates appointed by this Union at its last half-yearly meeting met those appointed respectively by the Baptist Union and the Presbytery of South Australia. The Council thus composed, after preliminary meetings, passed resolutions (which have been published in the prospectus). In accordance with these resolutions an appeal has been made privately to many of our leading citizens. In most cases a generous response has been given. The Council entertain no fears but that suffi cient means will be provided, partly by an En dowment Fund, and partly by subscriptions from Churches and individuals, to carry on the work so auspiciously commenced. The most liberal donor (Captain Hugbes) hplds out hopes of giving, at no distant date, a sum sufficient, for building and partial endowment. The Council have taken offices in Temple-Chambers, Currie-street, suitable for temporary class rooms. In these, during the present session, the classes will meet. Classes for the study of English literature and mental and moral philo sophy, of mathematics and natural science, and of the Greek Testament have been already formed. It is hoped that very shortly a class will be started, in addition to the others, for the study of the classics. Ten or twelve students have already applied for admission, several of these being already engaged in preaching." The Rev. C. B. Symes moved, and the Rev. C. Manthorpe seconded, that the report be adopted and printed, with the best wishes of the Union for the prosperity of the College. Carried. Resolved, that it be a recommendation from the Union to the various Churches to contribute to the College as often as practicable by sub scriptions or collections. 11 r. R. Searle was appointed on the Council in the place of Mr. A. Stow, resigned. REPORT OF SELECT COMMITTEE ON MINISTERS PROVIDENT FUND. The Rev. J. R. Ferguson stated that the Committee had taken into consideration the Provident Funds in connection with the Victorian, English, Scottish, and Irish Unions. The result was the simple scheme submitted to the meeting in the printed forms they had. It was simply the basis, meagre and crude it might be, of a future structure. The scheme was then considered. It was the plan of a Provident Fund to afford aid to ministers incapacitated for ministerial work from funds raised by entrance fees, subscriptions, collections, legacies, and other ways. After considerable discussion (in which it was stated that the Angaston Church had already collected £145 towards the FuDd) and the moving of various amendments, it was re solved that the scheme be referred back to the General Committee to take action upon it imme diately. BAPTIST DEPUTATION. The Rev. C. Manthorpe said tliey had hoped to welcome at their meetings two brethren ap pointed by the Baptist Association as a deputa tion from the Baptist Churches to their Union. The Rev. D. Badger he believed was one, and probably his removal to Mount Gambler pre vented his attendance; and some sufficient cause had doubtless been the reason of the ab sence of the other delegate; but it was well to keep up fraternal relations, and he proposed that the Revs. C. B. Symes and E. Griffiths be ap pointed a deputation to the next meetings of the Baptist Association. Carried. GRANTS TO CHURCHES. It was resolved that the Committee be left to deal with the grants to Churches for the ensuing year, and ..with any invitations that might be addressed to the Union to hold a half-yearly meeting. ROLL OF MEMBERS. The roll of ministers and delegates present was made up as follows:— Stow Memorial Church — Rev. Colmer B. Symes, B.A., Messrs. G. Anderson, D. Robin, W. Palmer, H. Dean, M. Goode, A. Adamson, A. Hay, "W. T. Flint, J. Tasker, sen., and H. A. Crawford. North Adelaide—Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., Messrs. J. M. Anderson, A. Dowie, J. Porter, W. Bruce, R. Searle, G. Phillips, A. S. Devenish, T. Frost, T. Grose, J. T. Shawyer, T. W. Harris, and J. F. Conigrave. Hindmarsh-square— Rev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. C. Smedley, J. A. Chartier, J. M. Dowie, S. Whitmore, G. Scrymgour, sen., G. Scrymgour, jun., J. M. Stacy, G. Miller, C. Scrymgour, and W. D. Allott. Glenelg—Rev. C. Manthorpe, Messrs. Jas. Storrie and F. Caterer. Port Adelaide—Rev. M. H. Hodge, Messrs. J. Bickers, Grosse, Michelmore, and Stone. Hindmarsh—Messrs. J. Pickering, M.P., J. Mitton, J. Aston, J. Vardon. Kensington (High-street)—Rev. W. Nicholls, and Messrs. Packham and Cowman. ■ Kensington (Clayton Chapel) — Rev. E. Griffiths, Messrs. A. Stow, and G. Wood. Gawler—Rev. J. C. McMiehael, and Messrs, J. Davis, J. Dawkins, B. E. Deland, J. Finch) W. Malcolm. Salisbury—Rev. J. R. Ferguson, and Mr. T. McCauley. Kapunda—Rev. M. Williams, B.A., Messrs. D. "Will, Small, and Cameron. Maclaren Vale—Rev. J. Howie, and Messrs. T. Colton and J. Brown. Truro—Rev. P. Barr. Wallaroo—Rev. J. Lloyd. Alma—Mr. J. A. Dowie. Happy Valley—Rev. C. Hall and Sir. Klose. Port Elliot and Goolwa—Rev. J. Hotham. Milang and Point Sturt-—Mr. B. F. Cameron and Mr. C. BlackwelL Encounter Bay, Port Victor, and Bald Hills —Rev. C. Hodge, Messrs. G. S. Read and R, AlleD, jun. Angaston and North Rhine— Rev. J. Gibson. Personal members—Rev. C. W. Evan, 3.A., Rev. W. Hareus, and Rev. H. Cheetham. Evening Meeting. A well-attended tea meeting was followed by a largely-attended public meeting held in the church. The Rev. F. W. Cox presided. The proceedings having been opened by singing and prayer, the Chairman referred to the day meeting, and said he considered that at future meetings of the Union it should be as well-to have a third day, bo that they could more efficiently carry out their duties. Having alluded to various subjects mentioned in bis address, he called upon TheRev. M.WTT.T.TA MS, B. A., whostated that the subject of his address was " The lack of spiritual life in their Churches, and the means of remedy ing it." Their body had been greatly blessed, whereat they praised God; yet a lack of power and life was evident, for they had to lament fewer additions to their numbers than they wished, and many aspects of their Church, .experiences were .unsatisfactory. He pointed out that the remedy for this was to feel their need of improvement, to awaken them selves and others to a sense of their respon sibility for the lack of success which prevailed, and to attach importance to work assisted by the powerful energy of the Holy Ghost. _ These remarks he applied, with forcible reasoning, to ministers, office-bearers. Sabbath-school teachers, and the Church generally. „ . The -Rev. Mr. Lloyd urged that, as Christian, brethren, they must have something to do to promote the spread of Christianity. If the Gospel did not take hold of the heart their Christian life was not real, and aa Christ was known by His work, so must they-be known "by theirs. Lack of prosperity had been lamented.' He asked what were theydoing to remedy this. Theyhadfeeautiful appointments intheir Church order, but they needed the gracious shower of dirine blessings. .. The Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., stated that his subject was "The reality of spiritual power." By spiritual power he understood God's mighty working on the minds and hearts of men. ; It might "6 client, ^indefinable, and- secret, yet was it real as life itself. . If it were hot, what were they as Christian Churches* . Nothing but societies unitedby cert^ ideiaBj hofc helierere inspired by the Holy Ghost. The work they attempted would only languish is hopelessness. It was noticeable that where spiritual power was most manifest there had been tha greatest confidence in its reality. Apostolic times illustrated this, and though it might be said that miracles accounted for the power o£ - apcstolic workers, such was not the case. Miracles only challenged attention, and never gave life. The fact that the truths"the Apostles taught were new aud startling, hence exciting healthy antagonism, was -said to account for its early success; but it was not opposition, but tha power of the Holy Ghost that made the truth, bite, and that power they had with them still.1 If the Holy Ghost still could touch the hearts o£ men and render feeble effort powerful for good, success in their work need not be propor tioned to their 'weak instrumentality, but to the power of the mighty Spirit. They ' therefore came to this result, that their work: was not to be conducted with carelessness o£ results. If there were reality in eternity and • eternal life they must seek results. They wera to work depending upon the Holy Ghost, whosa power was as much with them to-day as it had ever been with men, so would mighty results flow from their toil. (Applause.) The benediction having been pronounced tha meeting closed. 