Telegraphic Intelligence. Svdnev. Thursday, 7 p.m. Mr. Lloyd has been returned for Newcastle by a majority of 173.. The Executive Council will meet to-morrow, to decide upon what day Nichols and Lester Bhall be executed. An unknown man committed suicido yesterday, and £1,400 in cash was found upon the body. Air. uavan JJutiy s ministry in victoria nas been defeated by. a majority of four votes. The steamer Hero has arrived with the Call fornian mail. Serious earthquakes have occurred in America, causing great damage, and loss of life. The Californian Mail Contract. — The ' Australasian' of Saturday observes : — Tho pros pects of a confirmation of the Duffy and Vogel Californian mail contract look very blue indeed. The long delay in the arrival of the Nebraska occurs at a very unfortunate time. Tho Wonga Wonga, which was to bring on the mail from Auckland to Sydney, waitod at the former port 18 days, getting its demurrage paid by the New Zealand Govern- | ment from day to day. However, after paying £500 the Government got tired, and stopped pay ment, and tho captain declined to wait any longer, and returned to Sydney ; so that if tho mail after wards came, it wonld have to wait its chance of conveyance on to Sydney or Melbourne. How over, the: Wonga has been back 10 or 12 days, and still nothing has been heard of tho missing Ne braska. A correspondent who writes to the -.' Argus' from Auckland on the subject, makos some shrewd common sense criticisms on the con tract. According to him, the Aucklandera aro amusing themselves at the astute Victorians being taken in by so .' stale a joke' as the provisions agreed to by Mr Duny. He says on two former occasions when agreements had been made be tween New Zealand and Mr Webb, the. same boats — the Dacota, Nevada,' and Nebraska — ' all approved, equipped, and manned as aforesaid' had been named. It is now 18 months sinco tho first contract was Bigned, and on tho 1st May the Dacota had not left Now York. Tho writer con cludes from this, and other circumstances that tho contractor has had a very fair and patient trial and that, as the present state of tho case shows, he has failed. , Ho reasonably argues that if Victoria really wants a perfect servico by this route, she should call for tenders in England, and further that any such servico should take the route by Fiji, and so subserve tho important object of commercially linking that community with Australia. . Ghosts on the Road. — The following story is; related in* the. ' Hay Standard' : — As Mr Donohoe's mail coach was lately passing Beabala Point, botween Hay arid Wagga, a voice was heard crying 'Hie, hie!' Young Donohoe stopped tho coach, turned tho lamps round, cooeyed, looked about for half an hour, but could see nothing. This would net have been noticed but' for the fact . that a stockman was murdered by a shepherd at the Point somo twenty years ago ; and; our informant states that Mr. Peter Halbish, tho former mail contractor, two years ago saw the form of a man clinging to his coach wheels, and that Mr. John Buokley, when camped there with cattle, at ono time saw the figure of a man, which ho hailed, but the phantom retreated towards the river and disappeared. PARRAMATTA RIVER MURDERS. — On Monday night last a well attended preliminary meeting was held at Williams' Metropolitan Hotel; King and Castleroagh streets, with the laudable object of raising funds towards a testimonial to boprosented1 to detectives Elliott and Camphin, in acknowledg ment of the zeal and energy which thoy displayed in the detection and conviction of G. R. Nichols and A. Lester, tho murderers of Walker and Bridger. Mr W. T. Pinliey was voted to the chair and briefly stated the object of the meeting. Several gentlemen also addressed the meeting in eulogistic terms of Messrs Elliott and Camphin for their clever arrest of tho condemned. prisoners.* Resolutions were unanimously adopted in favor of - the object. An influential committee was ap pointed with power to add to their number. About £25 wa3 collcctod in tho room, and it was deter mined to give good circulation to tho subscription lists. — ' Empire' ' . A Nice Place for Compelling a Verdict. — A man named James McEvoy was tried at tho Young General Sessions for attempted burglary.. Tho local journal says that 'the jury, after retiring to tho yard outside the Court for about throe-quarters of an hour in the cold, returned i -with ft verdict of not guilty. 