ANNIVERSARY AT SPRING FARM. The anniversary of the Spring Farm Sun day School was celebrated on Sunday, March 17, the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith preaclang in the morning to a deeply interested and attentive congregation, the; children's service in the afternoon being conducted by the same rev. gentleman, who delivered an affecting address to children, teachers, and parents. In the evening the Rp.v. W. H. Pollard preached his farewell sertaon. The church was crowded, and much* sorrow felt at parting with one esteemed as was the preacher. On the fol lowing afternoon the children assembled at the cliurcb, and enjoyed themselves in various innocent games. At the usual time the bell rang, and all assembled to partake of the good things gratuitously and pro fusely provided by Mesdanies Dunston'e and Wallis. After all had partaken of tea, the public meeting commenced by the lie v. C. H. Goldsmith giving out the hymn * Come Fatbcr. Son. and Holy Ghost, To wliom w for our children cry," &c;, which was well discoursed by the children and congregation. After prayer had been offered, the Superintendent of the school, Mr. Pearce, was voted to the chair, and commenced by saying that the blessings of Sunday-school teaching eternity alone would unfold; thousand* who bad been engaged in' the .vork had passed away, thousands were now fulfilling their mission, and vet there was room for thousands more. "He also-read the report, which was very satis factoiy. The meeting was then addressed by the Iter. W. If. Pollard, who referred principally to financial matters. Mr. Thos. Moyses also addressed the meeting at some length in his usual style. The Ilev. C. H. Goldsmith delivered an excellent address on Sunday-school teaching, which was listened to with attention. Several In nuis were rendered by the children in a highly entertaining manner, reflecting great credit on Miss 11. Bray, who presided at the har monium. The meeting was brought to a close by a vote of thanks being awarded by < acclamation to the ladies, choir, and lastly to the Chairman. The collections were sa&ifactozy.; 