London's Heart. BY B. L. FAKJEON, AUTHOR OF ''pRIF'' ',-JJ0SIILA MARVEL,' AND ' BLADE-O'-GRASS. T The sole right of publishing in this colony Mr. J ^ story has bJn purcfJed by the proprietors oj journal .] ? CHAPTER XXI. Mli. SlIELDKAJiE SlGGliSTS TJIAT IT IS TIM Tii Tin v rtVPK A NEW LEA1 . Jiff Coxti katit latino himself mentally upon t ie *^ounter had had of losing his precious liquor in ms bottleto with Felix on the stairs, Muzzy, hugginB garret his breast, mounted to the one r°on) t s0' dark which formed his home. The room * . whjch as that he could not see shadows on. the \Vith he opened the door seemed te be - ''J™*. ? tjje centre animation. His own ehadow, as he stood in tne V he xcojh, assumed monstrous proportions, ar.d rpred one side of the wall and ceiling ; there was fl-jn' so threatening in it and so dreadfully su? t(Jt ve 10^ the old man that he hastened, with trem v-nfr lingers, to light a candle, still keeping the bottle v r£ed {J, his breast the while as tenderly as if it were v m-ri The candle being lighted, he felt as if he had woed some great danger, and his manner became e assured. Before laying the bottle on the mantel 'wf he looked at it wistfully, and uncorking it, was to drink, when he closed his lips with a snap, d resisted thetemptation. Taking off his hat, he nd-^ced fr°m ^ interior a ^ower which was stuck ^ the lining lor safety. This flower was evidently ^tended for a special purpose, which, had he needed v reminding, recurred to him a6 he looked round room. It wae very poorly furnished, containing In «elv a bed, two or three chairs, and a table. But Z en-thing was tidy and in its place. The bed was J-ie and the little piece of faded carpet in front of 5.' fender had been newly swept and put straight. He eened the little cupboard, and saw the few pieces of rockery it contained set in their proper places. In ved there was about the whole place an order and °efinlinees one would scarcely have expected from the tppearance of the owner. ??Good girl, good girl ! ' muttered Muzzy, as he ? noted these evidences of comfort ; ' there ain't many Jibe her, I should say.' He went into the passage, and called, ' Lizzie, lizzie ! ' receiving no reply, however. He tapped at ?he door of the room next to the one he occupied, and \- fter a moment or two turned the handle ; but the door was locked. Disappointed, he returned to Iiis \- wn room, and wandered about it in a restless, uncer tain manner, as if, being alone, he did not know what 10 do. Every now and then he came near to the bottle, and sometimes turned his head resolutely from end sometimes could not resist the temptation of ??Bzjii? at it. ' No,' he 6aid aloud, once, as if answer ing tome inward question or argument ; 'no; I pro ttfsed Lizzie I wouldn't, and I won't. What is this ?' He had laid the bottle on a piece of folded paper, con taining a key. 'The key of her room,' he said. 'Good girl, good girl!' He took his candle and went into Lizzie's room. It was in every respect more (omi'ortable than his own, although the furniture, with the exception of a smart little sewing-machine, was of the same humble kind. There were two or three eheap ornaments on the mantelshelf, the table could boast of a cover, and a carpet was laid down which nearly covered the floor. ' She can't have gone out long,' said Muzzy, who, having no one else to talk to, talked to himself, in defiance to an oldfash ioned proverb not very complimentary to such self communings. ' She knew I would be home soon, and thought I should like to sit here.' On the table were some needlework and a workbox, and behind the door hung a dress which Mu«zy touched with his hand, as the most civilising influence within his reach. A picture on the wall evidently possessed a fascination for him, and presently he sat gazing at it, dreamily. It tos the picture of a woman's face, fair and comely, aid the eyes seemed to follow his as he gazed ; but the reflections raised by the contemplation were not pleasint ones, and he rose and walked about in the | sane restless uncertain manner. Soon he was in his 1 own room again, and the bottle was in his hand un corked. ' I could have kept from it if she had been here,' he muttered ; 'but how can I when I am alone— alone ? ' He repeated the word two or three times with desolate distinctness. 'Alone — alone — ilwaj'6 alone until she came. What should I do if she went away ? And she may — she may. That young fellow who comes to 6ee her so often — who is he, who is he ? I wish he was dead. I musn't go into the room when he's there — Lizzie hasn't told me so, but I know I musn't. And there they sit, laugh ing and talking ? Laughing and talking ! No, not always. He made her cry once ; I heard her. I'll stk Lizzie who he is. If he wants to take her away, I'll like to kill him — secretly, secretly!' The feeble old man scowled as lie said this, and mechanically took a glass from the cupboard, and poured some gin in it. But a restraining influence was upon him even then, and he did not immediately raise it to his lips. ' I promised her I wouldn't,' he said; 'I swore I'd gi\e it up. But how can I when I have no one to talk to ? So old a friend, too ; so old a friend ! I should have gone mad without it many a time. I'll take one drop— just one little drop. But she mustn't know — she mustn't know.' Looking round warily, he swiftly, and with a secret air, drained the glass, and immediately afterwards endeavoured to assume an un een6ciousness that he had broken his promise and his oath. But although presently he took a second draught in the same secret manner, it was evident that he could not quite satisfy liis conscience, for he pushed the empty glass from him, retaining the bottle in his hand. ' What made me buy it ? I didn't intend to, £nd didn't intend to pass the public ; but I got there somehow, and I couldn't resist going in. It seemed to draw me to it. But it'll be my ruin, my ruin, my ruin ! The governor said it would, and it will.' As he sat there, battling with himself, his deeply-lined face and his thin hair straggling over his forehead, did he have no ambition, no aspiration, no hope, outside the walls of brick which formed his home? This Lizzie of whom he spoke was, according to his own showing, not an old friend. Had he any other link of love, or had other human affection quite died out of ws life ? It was hard to tell. It seemed that, but for this girl, to whom he was not linked by ties of blood, his life was colourless, purposeless. But every living if881 conta'ns a smouldering lire, and even to this old man, wreck as he was, a spark might come to kindle once more into a flame the lire that must have burned when he was young. Supposing him to have oeen bright and handsome in his youth — as he must nave been, despite his worn and almost hopeless face —how, could he have seen it, would he have received *™ionofthe future which showed him truthfully what he was to be in years to come ? A vision of some £ort was upon him now, as, sitting with no purpose in j miM, he fell into a doze. From which, after the P6e of a few moments which seemed to him hours, e awoke with a bewildered air, and looked about FV ^ listened wonderingly for voices which he rojgiit have heard in his dream, or as if the dead past „ c^®t up its ghosts, and he had seen them. He saw ? mething more tangible as he raised his eyes to the dva£' anVec°giiisecl his governor, Mr. David Shei kh ,e' bottle was still in Muzzy's hand, and he a to put it out of sight as he rose to welcome his most unexpected visitor. fci, JjUr?r*8e-^ to see me, eh, Muzzy ! ' exclaimed Mr. ? heldrake, m an easy tone. hie rH*-b .re we^C0me- sh'» you're welcome,' said Muzzy, £;r ; » contradicting his words. ' Anything wrong, wrong0'0^ man' ^on't he alarmed ; there's nothing ' waB smartly dressed, and presented and appearance in his cut-away velvet coat °ane fashionable hat, and with his ^at b«t c,^r j curled. He did not remove his farnkVi?.™. r?und upon the room and its poor £cd InntCj 8uPerc'liouBly, with the air of a suzerain ; Merest at with more than usuai Judith ^«U.ta^e a s.eat- ? ' a^ed Muzzy, humbly, tf ifcp trepidation ; for any occurrence out usual run of things filled him with fear. Mr. Sheldrake seated himself by the table, and took empty glass. ' Eeen drinking, Muzzy r ' \ no* ' rephed Muzzy, striving to look Mr. Sheldrake in the face as he told the untruth, but failing most signally. ' I've given it up, sir, I've given it up.' .^keldrake smiled and nodded, as much as to say, ' I know you are lying, but it's of no conse quence ; ' and said aloud, with another disparaging leek round the apartment, ' Not a very handsome lodging, old man.' '?As good as I can afford, sir,' said Muzzy. u . , ou sly. old dog,' said Mr. Sheldrake, merrily ; it s my opinion you have a pot of money put by somewhere.' ''No. sir, indeed, sir, no ; if I had I should live in a better place than this.' I ' A flower, eh ? ' taking up the flower which Muzzy had bought for Lizzie, ' You amorous old dog ! What I lady fair is this for 5 ' ' For a friend who lives in the next room, sir.' *' 1^ thought you told me you had no friends,' said Mr. Sheldrake, with a swift but searching glance at Muzzy's drooping form. *' More I have, sir ; only this one, a good girl who tidies up my place, and cooks a bit for me now and then. I told you the truth, sir. I have not known her long.' ' Can she hear us talk, this charmer of yours ? ' She's not at heme, sir.' ' But if she came in quietly — women are sly ones, some oi them ; like cats — could she hear us : ' ' No, sir, not when the door is shut.' Mr. Sheldrake rose and closed the door. ' Now, Muzzy, let's to business.' ' Yes, sir.' 'I haven't come here for nothing :o-r.ight, old man. You're getting too old for the work at the office—' ' Don't say that, sir,' implored Muzzy ; ' don't say that ! ' ' Don't put yourself in a flurry, old man. We want younger heads than yours now ; they're looking sharper after us than they used to do, and in the ease ol' a blew-up they'd frighten all 6orts of things out of you. The fact is, we're going to break up the office here, and start a new one in Scotland. But I've some thing better in view for you, if I thought I could de pend upon you.' ' Don't think, sir ; be sure. I'll do anything you tell me, sir. You'll find the old man faithful to the last. I didn't think you'd throw me off, sir; you're not that sort.' ' I suppose you would be faithful, as it would be for your interest to be so. I could ruin you, old man, and you know it. I have kept a pretty good account of certain things ? ' Mr. Sheldrake did not finish his speech, but he had said enough to strike terror to Muzzy, who sat before him shaking and trembling with fear. 'I asked you,' continued Mr. Sheldrake, after a sufficient pause, ' a little while ap;o if it was possible you could keep 6ober were it worth your while.' ' I remember, sir.' ' And you told me, as you told me just now, that you had given up drink.' Muzzy'sonly answer was a frightened, nervous look. ' Look here, old man,' exclaimed Mr. Sheldrake, sternly, ' once and for all — no more of your lies to me. You've been drinking to-night. I saw you hide the bottle as I came into the room.' 'There's no concealing anything from you, sir,' said Muzzy, in an imploring tone. 'I felt lonely, and I did buy a little — not much, upon my soul, sir ! — and I tried to keep from it, but wasn't quite able. If Lizzie had been here ? ' ' Lizzie ? ' ' The girl in the next room, sir. If she had been at home I shouldn't have tasted a drop. But what can an old man do, in such a place as this, with not a soul to speak to ? It is a terrible lonely life, sir, and grows worse and worse as one grows older. If I wasn't afraid, I should like to die, but I'm frightened to think of, it.' Muzzy shook and shuddered and raised his feeble hand ; had he been alone, with this fear upon him, he would undoubtedly have emptied his bottle of gin in a very short time. Mr. Sheldrake, with an air of thouglitfulness, lit a cigar, and slowly paced the room for a few moments. Pausing before the trembling old man, he said, ' This girl Lizzie, how old is she ? ' 'About eighteen I should say, sir; but I don't exactly know.' ' Where are her parents ? ' ' She has none, sir.' ' Does she live alone ? ' ' Yes, Eir.' ' How does she get her living ? ' By the sewing-machine, sir ; and sometimes goes out to work.' The sound of laughing voices on the stairs stopped this cross-examination. A look of astonishment flashed into the eyes of Mr. Sheldrake. ' 'Who's that ? ' he asked, abruptly. 'It must be Lizzie,' answered Muzzy ; 'no one but her and me lives on this floor.' ' Come and listen — quick ! come and listen ! ' In his impatience he almost dragged Muzzy to the door. The persons outside were laughing and talking on the landing. ' Yes, it is Lizzie,' said the old man. ' And the other ? ' questioned Mr. Sheldrake, with strange eagerness. ' The other ? who is he ? ' An expression of displeasure, almost of envy, passed across Muzzy's face. 'It's a young man who comes to see her sometimes.' ' Her lover ? ' Muzzy did not reply, and Mr. Sheldrake demanded again, impatiently, ' Her lover ? ' ' I suppose so,' answered Muzzy, reluctantly ; 'it looks like it.' ' Do you know him — what is he like ? ' ' I haven't seen him, but I know his voice ; I hear it often enough.' Mr. Sheldrake laughed — a triumphant, selfsatis tied laugh, as if he had made a gratifying discovery. By this time the persons outside had entered Lizzie's room ; the listeners heard the door close. ' Muzzy, old man,' cried Mr. Sheldrake, heartily ; but he checked himself suddenly, and opening the door, stepped quietly into the passage, and listened to the voices in Lizzie's room. Returning with a beam ing face, he repeated, ' Muzzy, old man ! the time has come for you to turn over a new leaf.' ' I am quite ready, sir,' acquiesced Muzzy, with out the slightest consciousness of his patron's meaning. 