D UK CON TI N E N T A L LETTER. PARIS, December 30. The Assembly, during its daily nvorngo sitting of four hours, costs tho country — in salaries to deputies and officials— tho sum of one hundred francs per minute. It has boen asked to boar this fuct in mind, as well ns another ono, that. Gormany has to bo paid tlireo milliards, so as to economise timo in legislating for tho national welfare. AYeok after wook prodttcos its silly debates on pnorile matters, oyer which the fac tions composing tlio Chamber lash themselves illto fury, -exclaiming mea culpa, alter sobriety ensues, at tho loss of timo. The admission of tho Orlennist princes to tho A'ssombly occupied ' in negotiation nnd discussion as much attpiition as' would havo sufficed to miikc'tho excellent, bill ,fpr; public and compulsory education tho law of . . tke.land, but which mppcars to bo ais. forgotten \- ae- the princes themselves. The time consumed to dotormino whether a M.-Rnnc wns or was liot criminal Communist, would hnvo been ample to disenss the project of army reform, anil onablo thepoojilo tb know if military' sorvjoe: was lionco- ferth ta.be obligatory. Having been so nctivo in minor -matters, tbo deputies might afford a little endnstry to tboso of moment ; it is their back sliding iff.thiS inspect that.is -giving furco to tho . demand of the ultra-Republicans for tlio election f h now Assci/iblv. Paris is; in a. sulky mood because the repre sentatives, tlio " country parly," in the Assembly veil! hot consent to resume their deliberations' in iV.o city."' It is h struggle between tho capital ar.fl the provinces— botween tlio head and the extremities. ' Franco can never bo tranquil while 5.tris is discontented, and so opeiuto the calcula tions oT all pretenders. JI. Thiers can bo powerful enough to, reject the proposal for an iucomotax; but ho cannot bring tho legislature bftcl: to I'm is. . . Tho means for I'aising the .increased revenuo are not y'etf dloifi'ly- 'declined. Tho'Tresident, true ;<> cconotiiic views which": lmvo tiuvcr changed _ since 1828. lvpojs rre'c-'.ruiic ; buj, protection is 'fostng'gi-puiiil/aiiil cpAniuoreial i'solalio; is re- trfrded ell, .,.for-'.' France. M. T'hiors has opposed to his protectionist idoas tho soundest honds and clearest minds in the country— tho snrao phalanx that has been de feated on the income tux. Victories liko this will bo more fatal than discomfiture. In 17G0, Roussoau said of French taxation — He who has little, pays much ; ho' who has much, pnys littlo; but provided tho great bo content, it matters littlo how tbo poor liv'o. Matters are not in such a stuto at present, but thoro aro inequalities that tho taxation of income would remove. M. Thiers tio'ds thut the rich aroovor-tnxod already, aud tho woalth of tho Assembly naturally repels a project to bo further sqtioezod. There is some thing wrong when a man has to pay tho sutno dttos for selling quarter of an acre of laud us if lie disposed of n thousand acres, and if people lmvo to bo additionally taxed, it is to tuoet ex ceptional domands. A speech from M. Thiors is now an event ; to condemn him to silonco would bo to kill bitn. It is said that rarely does a parliamentary orator win votes by his eloquence, but JI. Thiors captures thorn en masse. He lms a whoodling manner for pluckingu majority outof an irresoluto Assembly. Ho has uo outbursts of eloquonce wbero sound might do the duty of sonso ; bo is very small in stature, and no ono over uecusod hiin of possessing stentorian lungs ; but bis gestures, tbo clear, penetrating stylo of his arguments, addressed aliko to tho roason, preju dices, pride, and humour of his hearers, boars down resistance, though convoyod in u childish treble. Ho never improvises a speech. Ho prepares his disoourscs liko pugos of his historios. Ho understands his aim, and be it right or wrong, marchos to it. He has thought out tho moans, hence thero is no difficulty or ambiguity of expression. For nearly half a contury ho has filled the public oye ; there is no Vicar of Brayism in his part ; he bows to ex pediency, but chorishos bis personal views tho more. His privato life is without a stain, his public character without reproach. He is a patriot to the back-bono, and nevor paradeB his patriotism. Ho it plucky, for ho has fought his duel. Ho is rich without ostoutution ; has no ambition for titles ; his dosiro is to bo king among, not of, men. Such a character has con sequently immense weight, and his political heresies are pardoned, for he Iovet Franco much. The Minister of Finance — Pouyer Quortier — is a very popular and ablo man. As a raill- ownor ho is a millionaire. His jolly, rustic look is sufficiont to inspire confidence. It is said ho livos only on clarot and soup, with statistics for dosagft. Aftor his chief informed tho Assembly tharst)ie finances of tho nation occupied 70,000 clerks, aud the adoption of tho inoomo tax would entail something liko a similar corps, tho Ministor of Finance bogged that doputios would not doal with figures, they only confused u debate. Nothing, observed Canning, is more decoptivo than facts, except figures— and thon ho com menced to deal with them by tho fathom, It was a mercy to finish, especially as tho lady spec tators wero becoming impatient, and tbo young deputies woro fidgety to form tho hedge— as at a theatre — to see the elogant fair sex depart. M. Pouyer Quortier has offered tho "prize for virtue," or will givo his influence to seenro a vacant nrm-chair in the Academy, or socure a nomination as Ministor ut a foreign Court, with the privilege to never quit Paris, as is now tho fashion, to uny patriot who can point out any article that hns escaped untaxed his Argus eyes. M. Lachand, the celebrated lawyer, who de- fonded Tonnelet on the charge of killing a Ger man soldior, nod which produced tho recent im politic despatch from Prince Bismarck, states evidence was adduced that his client used the knife when the soldier drew his bayonet — it was a case of self-dofenco. All this is, howovor, secondary ; Bismarck has produced an effoct con trary to what he expected. Excitablo as the French aro, they have resolved to nurso thoir wrath. Thoy will not allow their bnnd to bo forced, will assist tho tax gatherer to colloot the bnlanco of tho indemnity — will turn tho other chook to the smitten if neoossory — will bow to il... m aT IfAflln I \ ...:i I A I1.VA I 1. n bUU at)16lllg Ul UU3bt»g03y UtIU Y>1JI VigUMJ&U; bllU country, and when the timo comes — whon tho blast of war will again blow in our ears — they will " — imitate the action of tlio tigor : Stiffen the sinows, summon up tho blood." ' This remarkable change in tho French character I ought to make oven Germany reflect. i Thore appears to bo a fresh panic Betting in about tho bank, and tho silver coin which was i ro-appoaring is again returning to its hiding grouud. Tho cause results from tho govern mental demands on tbo national bank, not from any coramorciul pressure. The bank has nearly reached tbo limit of its legal circulation of paper, and if not ompowored by tho Assembly to extend it, muBt draw on its gold which is boing treasured for Borlin. Tho auxiliary notos, from ono to five francs, nro genorally received, tho railway com panies excopted, bocnuso they trade in tho premium on tho precious metals. Tho notes in question got very soiled, filthy, after a littlo wear and tear. Home politics arocalraer; tho prospects of royal ty and imperialism aro gotting small by degrees. The Legitimists have thrown up tho game, and tlio Orloanists hnvo lost it. Tho Dnc d'Aumalo is only groat in his chateau at Chantilly, whoro tho Prince do Joinvillo Bharos nn honourable) in significance, and following bis nautical habits, prel'ors a hammock to a bod of down. Tho Comto do Paris is belioved to bo somewhere in Franco. As for tho Bonupartists, their struggles for public lifo uro visibly weaker. Tho country has concluded thoy represent no political prin ciple, have only been a sad fact and an adventure in history. Bonapartisrn is viowed as revolu tionary, lms nothing conserved, not oven its own oxistonce, which was shipwrecked in full culm "Liko ships that lmvo gono down at sea, AVhon heaven was nil tranquillity.'' and vory nearly sunk Franco into it. Tho country will hnvo no more govornmonts of expedients, hazard, or occasion. The Bopublic is taking root, nnd tho nation is feeling tho advantago of directly managing its own affairs. JI. Thiors devotes oightoon hours daily to labouring nt the good work. There avo sovoral vacancies for tho Assembly to bo filled up in a few days. Tlio candidates so far aro modorato Republicans. Paris has a deputy to nominnto, nnd the strugglo between the Radicals and Conservatives is fierce. Tho latter invited Marshal McMuhon to stand, but with his accustomed honesty and good sonso, ho has de clined, assorting not only his position ns Com mander-in-Chief wus an objection, but that a soldier bost performs his duty by eschewing politics. Tho Radicals hnvo held a series of caucus moctings whore tho old dements of tlio Oommuno ro-nppoarod. Victor Hugo seems to bo tho idol. IIo subscribes to all tlio conditions re quired, oven to submitting to a proposed im prisonment if he breaks f.iitb. It is objected that ho is a viscount, that lie onco sang the praises of that " Child of a Mirnclo," tho Comto do Clmmbord, and might do so again. As ho is "a man of genius that illuminates the universe," observed a speaker, it was presumption to dis cuss' him. Ex-gonorul Cromer was proposod ; lie too would sitbseribo to aiiythipg required, and among. his plans for saving tlio country wero tho immeijiato renewal of tho war with Germany, and the brigading of all the clergy as soldiers — to bo commanded by Garibnldi, as an elector sug gested. Incidentally, it was mooted that tho world would bo delighted to soo JI. Thiors im prisoned for life, and tho Commune revenged. An orator who coinmoncod by obsorvingEiigl.mil I hud more "homed cattlo" than France, was voted out of order and- requested to retire to a I lunatic asyluin. "General" Crcnicr was not J objocted tp for having broken his word of honour | with tho I'russ'nms, but it was regarded as a spot I 011 the Mill, that ho vowed in 1870 to placo his | sword, and heart"; uver at. tho service of tlio | Empire. Thus, Paris is not devoid- of amusc- j meiit. Tlio authorities allowed these patriots' to ! Ijpvc&tbcir; say without let or. himlrftlico, and tlio. Scino hjBer.c.ipod; from boingset on fire. Tho army is grumbling at tho slowness with which tho commission for revising tho promo tions mado by Gumbettu is working, and dosiros much to soo Boznino's trial concludod, against whom tho proofs of not doing his duty at Jletz bocomo blacker. Tlio soldiers nro a shado more comfortable in the camps, though tlioy un doubtedly long aftor tho flesh-pots of Egypt — the barrack life of tho cities. On Christmas Evo tlioy kept high rovols, pluntv to oat and drink in honour of tho time, nnd folt thut thoy woro not only glorious, but o'or a' tho ills of life victorious. It is currently bolievod tlio courts-martial are still sitting, but so fatigued is tho public with their proceedings that tho journals only rarely notico them. However, the Government, to its crodit, is froely liberating, uftor a light investi gation, numbers of prisoners on tho hulks. The official journal corroborates tbo discovery of I gold in New Calodonia, so that tboso putriots J who are to leave thoir country for thoir country's good for the " fortunate" isles aro to bo envied. There is an intontion to send Rossel's father as deputy to tho Assombly, as was attempted in tho cuso of Bandin's brother. It is sad policy to trado on the dead, but in Franco there is nothing liko having a "body" to trail — a Ban- guo's ghost. Christmas was nevor more obsorvod as a holi day by tho French than on this occasion, ordi narily a children's feast. It did ono's honrt good to witnoss old times come back again. The clmrchos wero woll fillod with worshippors; duty, not fashion, drew many. Tho " midnight " masses of the Evo woro' " low " ones ; tho Go vernment, (oaring to uttruct crowds, ordered thoro should be no musical pomp. Tbo restau rants and toy-shops remained open all the night. It is tho fashion to "sup in" Christmas-day — oystors and sausngos, onion soup aud trulned delicacies, boing tlio bill of fare. As tbo chil dren expoct " le petit JSToijl " to deposit in thoir tiny shoos (ranged before tho chimiio'y) some prosont, tbo toy-shops did a roaring trado. Thore never wero taken up moro drunken poople, and those who woro ablo to staggor boino, saved from drinking their weok'b earn ings a fow sous to purchase the expected grati fication for their little ones, und no doubt folt satisfied tjjoy hud dono their duty. The annual fair on the Boulovurds is well patronised ; tho t-orriblo woulbor hau moderated, nnd thore is no longer occnsion oithor for sledges or boatB to pass along the streots. Tho "Prussian soldier," looting tlio goods and chattels of the Gauls, forms tho popular toy. Now, overyono is occu pied in sending a card to friends and acquaint ances in honour of tho now yoar, which for many is tho only evidonco that you huvo livod during the lust 3G5 days. Of course n prosont is anticipated by tho youngsters if you dosiro to bo regarded as a friend, and all those who have ministered to your comfort or discomfort during 1871 oxpect you nro not a sufferer by any mone tary crisis ; thoy adopt- Danton's maxim — au- dncity, nuducity, nlwnys auducity. Tho post- offioo clerks work night nnd day to sond oil' tho mountains of cartes tie visit e to every part of the world. One of the favourito dodgus to domnnd a gift is adopted by somo characters who assert thoy Bavod your house and property from boing burned under tho Commune. M. Thiers will rocogniBO the sovereignty of tlio Assembly by first paying a visit to its Prosidont, whon tbo lattor will drop in on tho Chief of tho State — royal fashion — by tho timo ho has reached home. It is the custom ill commercial housos to adopt somo emblem in honour of the soason, which purchasers tako away with them. This year the " etiquette " is n photograph ol M. Thiors. Thore is a congratulatory address boing signed by the citizens to be proaeutod to tho Princo of Wules on bis recovery. The Prince is popular in this country, as be is boliovod to share in tho sorrows of Franco, as he did in tho good works to reiiovo hor distress. The snow-whito board of the Emperor of Brazil is to bo met with every where. Next week ho can bid at tho sale of the Imperial kitchon utensils. Two chambor- muids (nogrosscs) of his suito are stars in Puris. 