©iir Baris 2»dter. IlaoK oo» own Cniinrmuiwr] PARIS, May 29. Tukcb is no evidence that the Labor Question in this country can find any other solution but thnt which rusts on the principle of cooperation. Lonis ?Blauc would conduct trado on the basis of love in place of competition, nnd uinnqui wonia give, au louioaixisan aua nothh.g to the master. Tbtre are em ployers who pay employe's fixed wages, and at the end of the yenr permit them (o participate in a fair dividend of the net profits as well ; then there aro tho co operativo trades— not many— that work with jointstock regulations. But neither of tbo8o ideas bas-betB.cxtaBstvc1y prac tised, if almost fairly tried; and when successful, the hnnd-in-liand union has started from the slenderest contributions of tho members themselves. To aid tho effort with capital, is invariably the most efficacious way to kill it. Two evils Ho tit the root of this healthy fraternity in France — the want of patience nnd the introduction of politics. It is abstract, not practical, politics that forms the fnult in every strata, of Froncb society ; as for patience to await result*, it is a contradictory element. There is not a puoplu iti hie world more industrious tbnn die Frenoh ; if not hard, tlioy arc constant workers. From early mom till dewy ovo, they keep pegging away; with light hearts, they accomplish their toil ; and however little may be tho recom pense, some fraction is always laid by for tho rainy day. England divides her penny into fourths, France into tenths ; lha Itrilon perhaps takes no noto of the farthings ; tho Uani treasures the cent imes, knowing that one hundred of them make a franc. Tliero is no trade in Paris offers so many advantages for tho success of the cooperative principle as that of tho Imkor; it has anything but small profits, and certainly iU returns nro quick ; it would not have to encounter any guild opposi tion ; one centime or five Iosb in the ponnd weight of bread would draw all Paris, lint tho bakers will not club together ; they aro in full war at present over night-work— of course, divided.' Tho G000 members of tho Corporation fight as Gncifs and Ghibclines. Like Uic butchers, tho bakers aro a very or derly set of men, and eschew politics. One party desires to finish work bofore midnight, instead of then commencing. Tho Commune, by a decree, abolished night-work in the bake-house, and out of gratitude tho bakers persisted in follow ing the old plan. Employers aro neutral in tho dispute ; they have only to keep their shops open from C a.m. to 10 p.m., ns rrqiiirud by law. TJirt men are paid according to tho number of loaves baked, and sinco Parisians must havo thoir fancy lint rolls every morning, with their cafe an hit, their wishes must be complied with. If, as it is asserted, tho roils — large as well ns small — can bo so pro Borved as to ndmilof being baked equally well in the afternoon, the matter van be easily tented. French bread is very light, almost ' uavoiy ' when fresh, but after twelve hours changes into something very unpalatable. Dutch barm is used fur leavening, and wood ever fur cooking. The bakers work in a state of nudity nearly, with the ghost of a kilt ; in this slate, they will pass into Iho street — to tho wine-shop, to elako their thirst — irrespective of weather. Consumption is a malady unknown to them, and they arc never afflicted with colds. Having exhausted all pretexts for kcoping back tho discussion on the new recruiting project for tho army, explains perhaps why Ministers have at last en tered it among the orders of the day. The nation enjoys a sigh of relief, as social relations ware suspended, like Mahomet's coffin, ponding the framing of the new measure. Not that people ever expected compulsory service would not become tho law of tho land; but tho anxiety was to have settled the term of active service, and the age and conditions for entering upon it, so that the youth of the country could be taught a trade or profession accordingly. One, it muBt be confessed, is ? littlo fatigued while being glad to learn that M. TJiiers is not now opposed to tho scheme, eo that the debates will4iot.be long., JDUcussion will turn upon three points j first, to withdraw the right of vote from soldiers While on active service mid for three months after joining, the reserve. This will largely correct tho want of diiciplino in the French army, but, nbovo all, will put an end to the career of the political general, who-e place is with bis men, not in the Asscm ily, wbcrc. partisan politics reduces his influence to a nonentity. Macmahon is a more respected than an able soldier ; and be is respected because he keeps aloof from tKjhtios. Tho project of law proposes— and these arc the socond and third point* — that every Frenchman phy sically qualified should becomo a soldier at 20, remain five years under tho flag, then be embodied in tho reserve 'or land webr till 32 years old, and finally disap pear in the landsturm; in this latter class, only to be called out in case of the couutry being invaded. It is to modify theso details thnt some motions are to be brought forward. Tho great danger ia to prevent the reserve from degenerating into the exploded National Guard, and to maintain irs serious efficiency. The Government retaining the appointment of the officers, and maintaining effective cadru, ought to secure Uie desired effici ency. In tho course of twelve years, France will bare a highly organized military force of two millions of men — devoted, it is to be hoped, to the interests, not vf pretenders or demagogues, but of i/ruacc, _ 