THE STORY-TELLER. A AERPLEXING VALENTINE. CHAPTER III, AND. LAST. . The waves came splashing up madly : against the wall of the promenade, for it was high tide; and Mildred Stafford leaned over, watching them. Behind her the stream of people moved up and down with an incessant rustle and buzz of conversation. The seats under the clonnade were full, and the band had settled itself in the little pavilion, which was all brilliant and glowing with its gas jets and chandelier. Mildred has turned from all this to looked seaward. She saw the light spring up in distant fishing smacks, and contrast feebly with the pale splendour of the moon as it rose up from behind a cloud, and sent a line of rippling glory along the sea. It showed her the distant white sails of some larger vessel too, and sent into black shadow t.he hill, with its ruined castle, on which she had stood scarcely an hour ago; for Mildred was better; the roses had begun to come back; and Mr. Stafford, turning to her presently with a smile, told her so triumphantly, as though it had all been his doing. " Don't you care for the gay people ?" he asked. " It's just like a monster tulip bed, Milly. Look round,-I de. clare my daughter is quite nunlike and dowdy amongst all this glare and color. Shall I buy you a dress of bright pink to-morrow ?" "No," laughed Mildred; " I must be saving, you know. This journey was all on my account; so it won't do to launch out in wonderful dresses. Wouldn't you wonder where all the people come from ? It seems to me- " - She broke off abrutly here; and when Mr. Stafford turned to look at her the roses were gone; all the light and life had passed out of her face, and left it deadly white. For a moment he was frightened, and passed his arm round her waist; but she stood up, and put it away. "I should like to go into the house, if you don't mind. That was all she said, and Mr. Stafford forbore to question her, reproaching him self bitterly for leLting her over-exert her S.new strength. S-I shall be quite well in the morning," ? s? he said, when he wished her good-night, -" well enough to go home papa. Let us go,-we have been here long enough." But Mr. Stafford did not think that she was quite well in the morning, neither could he at all understand this sudden craving after home; and he was uneasy and perplexed. Only last night she had seemed to enjoy to the full, as he did, the novelty and excitement of the change. He was certain that it had done her good, and he did not want to g& home. Mildred could not tell him about the face she had seen in the crowd last night, and which was a ghost out of the Dykewood past; could not tell him that she shrank from the thought of seeing it again, with a dread that was weak and childish perhaps, but still real. And that evening, pleading for rest and quiet, in stead of the noisy esplanade, she sat alone in the twilight and tried to reason with herself. It was of no use. She began to be conscious that her strength was in reality very little. Would it ever be different with her ? If she were to be all her life feeble and ailing, what a miser able burden such a life must be'! And then the thought came that she might die. 'There was a little terror in this; a little shrinking from it. If she might only go home, away from all chance of seeing that ghost out of the past again, she thought it would be possible to feel stronger. Why had he come here. to haunt her ? As she sat at the window, thinking thus, and watching the flicker of the lamps outside, a voice she knew struck upon her ear; and then, leaning forward, she saw her father standing in the little strip of green below, and her heart gave one choking throb, for she saw too that he was not alone. 'More ghosts from Dykewood! "I'm sorry to hear she's not well," said this voice. " Capital air, though, this-bracing. We'll hope it will' do wonders, eh ?" "Yes; come in Lyle," said Mr. Stafford; "-we are lonely enough here, and Mildred will like to see you." " Thanks," said Mr. Lyle. " Let me introduce my nephew, Percy ; Will you have him too? He and Miss Stafford have miet before." Mildred heard no more; she had a con fased recollection of shaking hands with Mr. Lyle, and of bowing to the stiff, haughty-looking gentleman behind him. She was concious even then, as she sank back in her;chair, that the haughty face changed a little when it met her own, that it was turned away quickly and resolutely, and she also knew that the remark which her father made just then to his visitor got no answer. Mrb Percy was to all appearance ab sorbed in the study of some local sketch which Mr. Stafford had pointed out to him, when something which the latter was saying to his friend caught his atten tion. The two had passed out into the balcony, and'it was his own name which had reached him, " Mr. Percy." He still stood for a moment looking at the picture, but a sudden dark flush had come up into his face, and a strange light to his eyes; and in this wonderful possi bility that had dawned. upon him, he muttered out impetuously what a fool he had been! Then he walked up boldly to Mildred's chair, and stood looking down upon her. " Miss Stafford," said he, 7' so strange an idea has occurred.to me that I cannot help putting it into words.. Will you hear me ?" She made a gesture which he took for assent. " Your father has just spoken of me as Mr. Percy,'' he continued, " I remem ber that you used to do so. I am a younger brother,- and seldom get called anything else; but is it possible that you never knew my name-my surname, I mean P" " Tell it to me," she said. " Lamont,"he replied, still looking at her. A little cry broke from Mildred at the name and memory it brought, and then she knew that he was bending down over her, and his voice had the old tone in it. " It was a mistake then," he said. " Won't you say so ? I have been very miserable. Won't you tell me that it was all a mistake ?" " I nexer knew your real name," she replied. " What must you have thought all this tinie ?" he continued. " It hurt me so, Mildred, to be told that you knew nothing of me. I should not have come in to night. had not Mr Stafford said you. ere ill. I could not bear that, you know. I wanted to see for myself. You will get well now for my sake, my darling." ".I will try," said Mildred. He was holding her hands by this time, and kissing them.. They were very thin and white. He would have liked to ask what had been the matter, but something held him back from. this. One thing, such care as should be heis now, could not fail, he thought,--she must get well. " If it had not been for this illness we might never have met," he said. " You have not said that you are glad Mildred, \--but I know it. No, you shalli not drive me away. I am not going to leave you very much to yourself again. My old-friend ' Chance ' has done me another good turn, hasn't he ?" When Mr. Stafford came .in from the balcony, and stood looking in some astonishment, upon the little tableau, his daughter started up, and put her arms round his neck, kissing him; and then he knew, with a little pang, which would not be quite stifled, that she was his own no longer. " If you will bring back the sunshine," he said, when Mr. Lamont had finished his story, " I give her to you. Be very good to her, Mr. Lamont; she has been tenderly cared for. And now, Milly, ring for lights, that I may see if the roses have come- back." (Conclukded.) 