PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH ANNIVERSARY, KAPUNDA. The anniversary services in connection with the above church took place on Sunday and Monday last. On the Sunday sermons were preached to large congregations—in the morning by the Rev. Mr. Goldsmith, and in the afternoon and evening by the Rev. E. Masterman. A tea meeting took place in the chapel on Monday afternoon, but owing to the inclement state of the weather the attendance was rather limited. This was followed in the evening by a public meeting, when the chapel was moderately well filled. Mr. Raymond, in a complimentary manner, introduced the Chairman (Mr. Olley), who ex- pressed great pleasure in being able to attend on that occasion, as he felt that they were a good people who were not only trying to get to heaven themselves, but were anxious to help others to get their also. He would not make a long speech, as there were ministers of the Gospel present who would be better able t0 address them. He advocated shorter lively, and inter- esting meetings, but though he did not admire long solemn discourses, neither did he believe in those balloon like efforts which set people laughing, and left them nothing to think of afterwards. After describing some of the beneficial effects of Christianity upon the world, and commending the audience to its sanctifying influences, he called on Mr. Raymond to read the report. The Rev. Mr. Raymond said his task on that occasion was an easy, and to some extent a pleasant one. Owing to the inclement state of the weather, the attendance on that occasion was not so large as he could have wished, but no doubt even that circumstance would work for good, as the rain which had fallen would probably put hundreds and thousands of pounds into the pockets of their friends. It gave him pleasure to see ministers from the various denominations present on that occasion, as it was a proof of the oneship which characterized the Church of Christ in this town. The rev. gentleman then gave a detailed account of their income and ex- penditure, which we summarize—total income, £71 18 8; total expenditure, £90 9/1; leaving a deficiency of £18114/9, as the position in which they then stood. The Rev. J. M. Day was' then called upon. He agreed partly with the Chairman's directions respecting speeches on those occasions and fol- lowing the precept laid down by Wesley of long texts and short sermons. He would read them an extract from an article in recent number of the New York Independent, entitled " Salvation by Machinery." This article described in a graphic style the spirit of ecclesiastiscism which existed in all churches, prompting each to say "Ours is the true church, and there's no other machinery new under heaven whereby a man may be saved" —a machinery which hid the sight of him who said "Look unto me and be ye saved." This was the text—a long one, it was true, but the sermon would be very short. He did not look npon it as a compliment to be invited on that occasion, as it only happened when they wanted money; and he wished to know why they did not ask him to attend one of their prayer or class meetings, so that he might be justified in saying they were not guilty of this charge of ecclesiasticism. He had noticed in the papers an account of a camp meeting which had been attended with great success in Moonta, and he wished to throw out a challenge to the Primitive Methodists. That connection was formerly celebrated for camp meetings, and he could not understand why it had none here. He could not speak of the actual condition of that church, but he feared there was an awful amount of formality and deadness in this town, and if their religion was no more than mere formulas it were better that the chapels should be burnt. Camp meetings would help to stir them up, bring them more into contact with each other, and make men better acquainted with each other's excellencies, and he suggested the possi- bility of the different churches organizing a camp meeting for the purpose of directing the people in the way of life. He had touched on the subject that evening in the hope that it might be made possible for the Methodists to come back to their old ways, or if not, that others might do it. The Rev. W. Richards, said such meetings were refreshing to the mind, and doubtless they would always like to be surrounded with the nice and good, and associate with those who love the Lord. Such a community would be very in- teresting, and very like the associations of the home of their Father above. It was important for each of them to get into their proper place, and fulfill his proper duties, until the Great Master should remove them to their position in heaven. They should have the conviction that they were in the position that God would have them to occupy. The great question was, are we alive to God as we ought to be ; and he feared there was too much formality, as Mr. Day had said, and that they wanted more of the Baptism of the Holy Ghost. In congratulating them on the past, he hoped they would still go on in the future, and that the blessing of the Lord would rest upon them. The Rev. M. Williams, was glad to see outward signs of the prosperity of the church. He had no notion of people getting in the painter and the paper-hanger to decorate their own homes while they left the house of God in a slovenly condition ; and it was specially pleasing that of late they had so greatjy improved the minister's house. He looked upon this as a truly reproductive work, for a minister had often to be alone reading God's word, and he would certainly preach better if he lived in a com- fortable house. But they were not only raising a material building; there was also a spiritual building going on, to which he would refer. The rev. gentleman alluded to the return of the Jews from captivity, and to their weeping in laying the foundation of their new temple, be cause they found they should not see the glory of the first temple, and they became fainthearted, until a message came to them from heaven that God would help them to complete it. And it was well for his Christian friends to remark the connection between the divine influences and the efforts of man. Hindrances came from without —faint-heartedness came from within—but if grappled with in faith of God it would soon disappear. Oftentimes their schemes would miscarry, as it was perhaps just as well that they Bhould, but they must - do. what they could in ! dependance upon this divine power, for God's work conld only be carried'on in that way. They were not to despise the day of small things, for their church may be small yet a mighty work might be going on, and they "were not only building churches, but living stones that should one day be brought home/with shootings to the throne of the Lord. He heartily congratulated them on the great progress they had made, and wished them success in the future. The Rev. E. Masterman, did not feel in as good condition for speaking as he could wish, partly from the re-action attending the exercises of the - day before, and partly, he was afraid, owing to the effects of the tea. He had been much struck with Mr. Day's remarks, and it led him to think of the machinery of the Established Church in the old country, in which some of the ropes, were broken and the wheels out of order, and which Pnsey and convocations of the Right Rev. Bishop had tried to put in-working order-; but it was of no use, for it would certainly go to i pieces, and a better would be put in its plaqe.' With regard to Methodism in this country, theja were some things which improved him favour-; ably. Therejwas worn-to 6reatl)e rb6MI and hs had notyet seenany bowing find dcr&piag;'to ths puree, while the teameetangs were.indeed, quite enoughto ins^Bjtarf onebilious. -But he*eemed to feel ihafe there was a lack of* Jife.and fire—a wantof holy fervour-—in -the Church ; and he was glad'i iO "see them ta^ni®, •*a8^-;°n J®*8 account T>y the Baptist minuter.' - The speaker related many anecdote illu8trative,oftheearnCst ness of their Church in the oldcountry,andsai<i he- was afraid thatinany people 2ieW'bfelot>^ed to the "?going-to do society," which was a mean of the devil fpr .cheating them out ,of salvation, a'ydhe< | earnestly advised themto set aboiiV " doing " the great 'work of bringing precious souls, to Christ, andif e'rety; individual would ask directions of God- as to what h&should; do/, and. set hi* thoughts 'on the teonveiBion of one individual only inany sonls woiild be brought into the fold' at their next anniversary. , 'It had'1 sometimes been said of them that they preached.For money only, whereas they should preach for sotils^and so they did; but they could not lire on' souls, and wlien they asked for money, it whb not for themselres but for Christ. They would hare great difficulty in carrying away the heads of his speech, but the fact was that he had' no inten tion to be present on that occasion; but he could not resist thb persuasions of the Chairman,who was such an exceedingly nice looking man that it wag almost impossible to refuse anything; however, when he should be calledupon to visit them again'he would try to do better. ' The Chairman acknowledged -the complimen tary remarks of the last speaker, expressed satis faction with the'1 proceedings generally, and hoping Mr. Day's suggestion would be carried out, introduced their old friend the collection. " Mr. Raymond then congratulated the meeting : on the success which had attended their efforts. He was much pleased with the spirit shown in the town, and was particularly struck with Mr. Day's remarks. It was a bold.challenge coming from a Baptist, and tliAjc-woald accept it, and go into the open air and preach. the word of God side by side, and he believed a Sunday afternoon; camp meeting held by. the wholeof the' mini^ters^ in Kapunda would result in great good. When he came, to that town the minister's house waa. but in a half-finished state, and so little had been, done that it seemed as if the Primitive Metho dists had reckoned on being able to paek up and go to some more favourable place at a .short notice, and without great loss; but since then they have made great improvements. They had painted their chapel, fenced in their land, and completed the minister's house, in all of which they had met ..with hearty co-operation, and-be thank Mr. Williams for his remarks in that ; direction. The proceeds of the services of the ■previous day were, £7 jll/15 the tea meeting realized £5 3}; and the collection amounted to £114/3 ; while the sums promised {amounted to £22 15/; making a total of £37 3/4. Subsequently a further sum was promised, making the total amount raised £48 3/4. Votes of thanks to the Chairman, to the Choir, for its very efficient services during the evening, and to all the . friends contributing to the success of the anniveesaiy, .were carried, unanimously, and the singing of the doxology closed a very interesting meeting. 