NEWS BY THE MAIL. We continue our extracts from the papers to hand by the February mail : THE TICHBORNE TRIAL. (Continued.) On January 26th the Attorney-General, at the commencement of his speech, corrected a statement which he had made on a previous occasion, that the witness Quinn had very likely acquainted the claimant with the circumstances relating to a rusty sword at Canterbury, by which Mather had been converted He had said that this was on the shorthand notes of the trial, whereas it was not there, though it was in the affidavits in Chancery. Thereupon Mr. Jones remarked that there was a greatergriovanco as regarded Quinn, for the Attorney-General had spoken of him as being in the claimant's " service," which was not the case. The Attorney-General then took up the general theme of his address, giving further particulars of the death of the dowager, and referring to some disputes as to who was to administer to her personal estate- which question was now the subject of a suit in the Probate Court. The date in the narrative now taken up was the 14th March, 1868, when a number of affidavits were procured and the hand which Baigent had in their preparation was discussed. It was noticed that about this time Manton and Hogan were secured Manton, formerly in the Carabineers, ia librarian of Westminster Hospital, and, being communicated with by Baigent, wrote that it was possible he might remember Roger, mentioning that he recollected an occasion when it was feared Roger would be dashed to pieces. Baigent urged Manton to see the claimant and Macculini, and McCann entered! into communication with him. Eventually Manton went to Croydon, first saw Baigent, and then the claimant, whom he did not know at once, thinking him decidedly " not the man." Conversation about the regi- ment followed, and in the end he recognised claimant the conversion being principally brought about by the mention of a fall from a horse by which Roger was " feared to be (lashed to pieces the very fact which Manton had himself told in his letter to Baigent and much was said about the manipulation of this witness. Similar observations were applied to Hogan, who was an ex-Carabineer, and what he said, it was alleged, came to nothing when examined. On the last days of March, 1868, there was another expedition to the North; and at Liverpool Father Cooper, Father Guy, Trumpit Sergeant-Major Lesse wife, of the Curub'incora, Hamlet, of that regiment, and others, were picked up. Cooper, a person as far as the claimant, recognised him, but not at once to him he did not speak with a French accent, although he had assumed it with other soldiers Stress was laid on the unsatisfactory nature of Cooper's evidence, who did not know ' one of the Chili daguerrotype as a likeness of Roger, while he recognised the other, and it was remarked that he acknowledged claimant from personal likeness and not from other circumstances. He was shown to have been inaccurate in regard to a statement as to having met Roger at Wardour Castle ; while he admitted thathoonly saw him once, and knew little of him.andthuthisrocognitionwnsfoundodonaromarkof the claimant that they had met at Wurdour Then came Father Guy, who had seen Roger once and the claimant once, and thought him like Alfred, who was very unlike Roger, and that was all so that he only throw an odour of sanctity over the case. Lpsso were, his wife, and Hamlet were soon by Baigont before they met the claimant and M'Cann and Quinn had been in correspondence with Losewitz, indicating previous preparation. Though when at Liverpool the claimant was near Stonyhurst, he did not go there, and it was clear that it was not desired that he should go by himself. On April 28th, 1868, the " look of hair came from Chili, which was made so much of by the adherents of the claimant, but which, after the Chili commission and the Castro correspondence, was admitted not to be his. Then came the expedition to Burton-Constable and the affidavit and evidence of Sir Talbot Constable. Is this visit the claimant was accompanied by Sargent and Mr. Norris iib protectors. It was urged that Sir Talbot Constable did not recognise the claimant by persons us the Roger who know in 1848, and it must have been by knowledge of circumstances connected with Roger" which the claimant exhibited. If so, how was that knowledge acquired! P The Attorney-General suggested by means of a previous correspondence between the claimant and Sir Talbot Constable Before seeing Sir Talbot the claimant saw one White, who knew all about Roger when he was at Burton Constable, and Baigont too, had access to the same informant. Notwithstanding this, Sir Talbot was not convinced on the first day, and it was only on the second interview, when some special cir- stances had been mentioned-which by that time had been prepared that he was converted. Those To- stated To matters not of any great consequence, which a man in Roger's position would not be likely to remember ; being such things as his taking a decanter from the sideboard, in the absence of the butler, at luncheon, and helping two or three persons to win -a circumstance which happened twenty years before, and which could have been plucked up in the servants' hall by White, who could tell it to Baigent It was noted that the claimant remembered theatricals at Burton-Constable, but could not recollect having taken a part in the Castle of Andalusia at Stonyhurst, though Roger Tichborne acted in that place at nearly the same time and the inference was that he was told of the former, while he had no information about the latter, On the whole it was argued that SirTulbot's judgment was warped by centre vanes, to say nothing of the influence the acceptance of the claimant by the dowager exercised upon him. Some play was made with a fear expressed by the claimant last Sir Talbot should come up to stand godfather to the claimant's child, and should not know himself and it turned out that Sir Talbot actually became godfather, without seeing claimant, upon the mere representation of the dowager. Considerable amuse- ment was brought out of a letter of the claimant to Sir Talbot Constable, which contained curious specimens of spoiling and expression, as well as some cool assumptions, and a description of his wife, and her relations with her servants. Following this with an epistle to the dowager which ended, " God bless you, my dear mamma; may our Holy Mother protect you From your affectionate son." It was not that Sir Talbot Cmstablu's father-an old friend of Roger and his father who wits alive at the time of this visit, refused to see or acknowledge claimant, Otnorvation was also directed to the facts that Sir Talbot, like Mr. Biddulph, was much influenced by the dowager and Mr. Norris that both declined to say there was any resemblance between Roger and claimant, and both were converted by very small matters and it was held that the evidence of the dowager and Mr. Norris were necessary to the explanation of these two conversions although the testimony of neither was available, the one being dead and the other not called. The proceedings in the Court of Probate in reference to the Dowager's estate was next discussed, and then the mistakes of the claim in his interview with Colonel Greenwood were referred to, together with Baignnt'a advice to the claimant to " stick to his own story in fact, to tell a board hereabouts the conclusion for the day came. On January 29th the resumption of the Attorney General's speech showed that June, 1863, had been reached in the narrative of the case and he stated that at this time the claimant's friends had received intelligence from South America and Australia, which made them very uncomfortable ; a fact to be gathered from a letter from Baigont to Rous') on the 13th of June. This latter spoke of the claimant's wife as having become the mother of a son, and exulted in this additional difficulty thus put in the way of the succession of the young son of Sir Alfred Tichborne ; it referred to the statements from Australia in regard to the identity of Castro with Orton, and spoke of Captain Angell, the commander of the ship which took Ortonauuc, being ready to any that the claimant was not Orton-wherein, said the Attorney-General, Captain Angell will appear to swear that he is. In this month claimant went to Liverpool to inquire about the Thomas having dropped the Osprey. Just then too claimant roforrodtoiioht'quo he had drawn at Melbourne in favour of the captain by whom he was picked up at sea, and it was urged that, if Roger had drawn the cheque, it would have been conclusive of the case, for the cheque must have come to the banker's, and thus the knowledge of his having been saved would have reached the Tichborne's. Besides, if he draw for the captain, why did he not draw for himself, being not only then, but all the eleven years of his stay in Australia, in the utmost need of money ? About this time Captain Angell and a Mr. animal dined in company with the claimant at Mr. Holmes's house, and they would state what their opinion of the identity was. After the death of the dowager, a mass of papers was deposited in a Chancery, which afforded a good deal of information. Amongst them an important letter was pro I duood in a mutilated state-torn presumably by the ???^1-i-?-^--^ claimant for some good reason but there was not a fraction of Roger Tichborne's diary, and it was questioned whether some of the letters had not been kept back. The bill of costs of Mr. Holmes, which had been withheld, would have afforded an abundance of light or many matters which were now obscure, and the same observation applied to the Bulpitt and other correspondence, which it was surmised would have been as enlightening as that of Rouse had been In September, 1868, it was ascertained that the claimant had been in Chili, and at Melipilla in particular, and that Arthur Orton had been also in Chili, and, it being known that he had lived in Australia, commissions were issued to take evidence in those countries; as it was known that the real Roger had visited Child, through not Melipilla. The history of the Chili Commission, the claimant's shrinking from going with it, and the falsehoods involved were enlarged upon, as well as the pretext of physical inability, in regard to which the medical evidence was somewhat contemptuously dealt with. The real truth, it was stated, was that claimant did not know Brazil and Rio, and he merely pretended to go to Chili, overland from Rio, so as to gain some knowledge of the east side of the South American continent, never intending to go on to Chili. It was pointed out that the claimant especially avoiding seeing M. Jules Ferry and Captain Oats, the last persons who saw Roger Tichborne before he went on board the Bella. The claimant having stopped short I at Cordova, on the east side of the Andes, it was sought to show by Captain Burton's evidence (who saw him near there that he was not in training; and too stout to cross the Andes ; but it appeared that the claimant told Captain Burton that he was recalled to England by letter, which was untrue, as his friendBat home believed that he was going by sea direct to Valparaiso, and not by land to Rio. The Attorney- General hinted that the claimant was supplying th) Orton family with money, and this with suspicious secretiveness, and it was suggested that he was reluctant to quit the country leaving them in watched and unfed. It thus came about that Charles Orton applied to claimant's wife for money, got no answer, went to the defendants' attorney and made an astounding communication. The man was then taken to Lord Arundell, and said he was brother to the claimant Arthur Orton. This reached the ears of claimant's friends, and Baigont interoommuned with house, in a tone of doleful complaint as to the roundabout conduct of the claimant, evincing alarm at the Orton statement, and wondering how " Sir Roger" could have known a sister of Arthur Orton, It was stated Mrs. Jury had seen claimant at Holmes's office, and declared that he was not her brother Arthur. But, if this were the case, it was asked why she and her sisters, who had, it was said, spoken in the same sense, were not called by the plaintiff to put an end to the suggestion of the Orton case. From a letter of Mr. Holmes it appeared that there was great consternation at the discovery that Charles Orton had deposed to the claimant's being his brother, though he had previously told Mr. Scott, Colonel Lushington, and Mr. Bulpitt that he washstand it was significantly asked why it was that these gentlemen had individual interviews with that person. All the claimant's correspondence with Charles Orton was burnt, except- ing two scraps containing promises to send him money, the claimant signing himself" Nemo," which is Often backwards. The Attorney-General pointed out that at this time the plaintiff's friends said Arthur Orton had been in Chili, and could speak Spanish. A letter of Mr. Holmes complained that one from Charles Orton to the claimant's wife had been unanswered ; a negligence which caused Orton to make a deposi- tion that the claimant was his brother. This Mr. Holmes said " he could have prevented if he had been forewarned,aremarkon which sumestrongobsorvations were made. In this letter much was said by Holmes about the rising difficulty of conflicting evidence as to whether or not the claimant was Arthur Orton and stress was laid on a statement that Arthur Orton had returned from Chili in the Jessie Miller, the name of the ship in which the claimant had stated that he went to Valparaiso. The consternation thereby engendered was noticed Bar gent especially being alarmed, his hopes which were founded on an alleged assertion of Cater, that he knew Thomas Castro and Arthur Orton at Wagga Wagga as two different persons, the latter being pock-marked, being dissipated by Cater's stating that he was only told so by the claimant. About this time Baigont expressed suspicion that the claimant did not mean to go to Australia and in commenting on a letter of his to that effect, it was humourously suggested that, whenever the claimant did not wish to go to a particular place to see certain persons, he was invariably subject to a fit of spasms. The argument deduced from the correspondence was, that at this time the claimant's friends and Baigont in particular, felt that the claimant's story was untrue. In the middle of the day the Chief Justice announced that arrangements had been made which would enable him to forego his circuit, and continue the hearing of this case. The Attorney-General went on, with great minuteness and elaboration to trace from correspondence in which Baigent, house, and Holmes were engaged, the course of dissatisfaction and alarm which culminated in Mr. Holmes's defection from the claimant. In one place comment was made on a written statement of the claimant to Holmes, " that he had not given money to, or corresponded with Charles Orton, and did not know Mr. Pittendreigh," which was proved to be untrue and the statements of Mr. Holmes, that the claimant dared not go to Chili, that the reasons he gave for not going were untrue, and that therefore he should withdraw from the case, were emphatically put. The result of the Chili commission was shown to have been that none of the witnesses know claimant as a Tichborne and it had the effect, among other things, of inducing Mr. Holmes to admit to defendant's solicitor that the claimant was an impostor, and that he was going to indict him. Some significant remarks were made on Mr. Holmes though he had thrown up what he believed to be a fraudulent case continuing to give assistance in its conduct, and it was hinted that he had £5,000 depending on the suit. Amusement was produced by the way in which a letter of the claimant, roundly abusing Mr. Holmes, and announcing the intention of the claimant to become a bankrupt, was road. The idea of thus defeating Uolmes's bill was, however, deprecated by Baigent, because the bill would be filed, and all its contents become known to the defendants ; and strong com- ment was made on the hesitancy and reticence which had been shown with regard to the bill, as well as on the non-calling of Holmes. Based on a letter of Baigont, in which fears about Arthur Orton are expressed, was a suggestion that some attempt had been made unsuccessfully to prove Castro and Arthur Orton to be different persons, and Holmes' bill would disclose this. The correspondence on which the address of the day was mainly founded was done with, and it was said that about the time now under consideration Holmes and Rouse full away. THE ALABAMA CLAIMS. [Mr. Morse's second letter to the Editor of The Times SIR-In my letter of the 16th Inst., I endeavoured to prove, bulb from the text of the Treaty itself and from the Protocol concerning it, that the Washington I Treaty clearly provides for the payment of a certain class of indirect claims, and that it must have been understood as limited to this class by the Board of Commissioners and the Governments they represented. It is not to be presumed that they did not give it sufficient attention to comprehend what they had signed and ratified. The class of claims provided for by the Treaty is martime only, such claims as have " grown out of the acts, of the Alabama and her sister cruisers; and even those claims, whether direct, or indirect, the Treaty disallows, unless it can be proved that due diligence was not exercised by the British authorities, and that the cruisers escaped in violation of certain declared principles of international law set forth by the three rules " in the Treaty. The long-contested constructive claim for the hasty recognition of belligerency was abandoned, and claims for the prolongation of the war are, I think, effectually shut out by the Treaty and if the claims recognised therein go to arbitration, no claims of any description can, after the decision of the Arbitrators, over again be revived. Is it not more than probable Lord Ripon and others had these abandoned claims in view when commenting on the Treaty in June last? But let us see if it can, in advance, be more precisely determined what Great Britain will be called upon to do should the Treaty go to arbitration, and she be declared liable for the acts of either or all the rebel cruisers which left this country for the pursuit of American commerce. The sixth article of the Treaty declares that " In deciding the matters submitted to the Arbitra- tors, they shall be governed by the following three rules, which are agreed upon by the High Contract- ing Parties as rules to be taken as applicable to the case, and by such principles of international law not inconsistent therewith as the Arbitrators shall determine to have been applicable to the Case : Rules. " A neutral Government is bound first to use due diligence to prevent the fitting out, arming, or equipping within its jurisdiction of any vessel which it has reasonable ground to believe is intended to cruise or carry on war against a Power with which it is at peace and also to use like diligence to pro- vent the departure from its jurisdiction of any vessel intended to cruise or carry on war; as above, such vessel having been specially adapted, in whole or in part within such jurisdiction to warlike use. " Secondly, not to permit or suffer either belligerent to make use of ports or waters as the base of naval operations against the other, or for the purpose of the renewal or augmentation of military supplies or arms or the recruitment of men. " Thirdly, to exercise due diligceno in its own ports and waters, and as to all persons within its jurisdiction, to prevent any violation of the foregoing obligations and duties." Article 7 of the Treaty declares that I " The said tribunal shall first determine as to each vessel separately whether Great Britain has, by any act or omission, failed to fulfil any of the duties set forth in the foregoing three rules, or recognised by the principles of international law not inconsistent with such rules, and shall certify such fact as to each of the said vessels. In case the tribunal finds that Great Britain has failed to fulfil any duty or duties as aforesaid, it may, if it think proper, proceed to award a sum in gross to be paid by Great Britain to the United States for all the claims referred to it, and in such case the gross sum so awarded shall be paid in coin by the Government of Great Britain to the Government of the United States, at Washington, within 12 months after the date of the award." The duty required of the Arbitrators is here clearly laid down. They are to take up the case of each cruiser separately, and first decide under the three rules, whether or not she was intended by the belligerents for a cruiser, and was, to some extent, prepared or aided in or from British ports for cruising in violation of said rules. If they find that any cruiser departed from British ports without violating either of these rules, then no claim will be allowed. Should they, however, find that either of the said rules had been violated, but that " due diligence" had been exercised by the authorities, then no claim for damage can be sustained, and, of course, no award can be rendered. Should it be shown that any cruiser sailed in disregard of either rule, and that J " due diligence" was not exercised, then an award in favour of the claimants must be given. Now, suppose that one or more of the officers should be found to have been prepared, in violation of the foregoing rules, and Great Britain rendered liable for all claims growing out of her or their acts," what would the decision of the Arbitrators probably be on each claim set forth in the " Chief"' In regard to the claim for the destruction of ships and cargoes, for losses of officers and crews, and for expense of chasing cruisers, also called direct and admitted by Mr. Gladstone, there can be no controversy. The sum total of this class of data can be easily ascertained with sufficient accuracy. A full statement in detail of all losses of ships and cargoes, both public and private, with their names, and the names of the cruisers which destroyed them, as well as ample data for making up the losses of officers and men belonging to the vessels destroyed, and expense incurred by Government for Search of cruisers, may be seen in the documents accompanying the " Case." A precise sum can therefore, be named by the Arbitrators to satisfy all direct claims, and it surely was not to ascertain the amount of this class of claims, already known and officially reported to the Board of Arbi- trators that the Treaty provides for a Board of Assessors, with liberty to continue in session two and a half years in the event of the Arbitrators not decid- ing on a " gross sum in satisfaction of all claims." The next in order is the claim for "loss in the transfer of the American commercial marine to the British flag." There is a want of precision in this language. I presume it means only a part of such portion of the " American commercial marine' as was engaged in foreign commerce, usually termed " registered tonnage." Again, how was the word "transfer"' intended to be understood? If used in the sense in which it was used during the war, and in which it is generally understood by commercial men, it does not mean sale, but placing the ship under a foreign flag for protection merely the actual owner still being the person who transfers his ship from the American to a foreign flag. During the year 1861 and a part of 1862 many American ships were sold without great loss to their owners. But when freighters required the owners to pay a " war risk " or insurance against capture by Confederate cruisers, on cargoes, a great depreciation took place, and there was no sale of American ships except at ruinous loss. American shipowners then found themselves in a most trying position. They could run the risk of sailing their skips without insurance, either war or marine ; but to secure business they were compelled in most cases to pay a war risk on cargoes, and where the cargo was valuable this extra insurance would eat up the freight money, and the ship could barely pay expenses. In this condition of things they went into the freight markets at great disadvantage. Not being able to compete successfully with ships under foreign flags, they had either to sail their vessels under these great disadvantages, sell at such price as the purchaser saw fit to give, haul them up and let them lie idle at expense of dockage, keepers, insurance, me, or put them under foreign flags. Transferring to a foreign Ung was the only way the American ship- owner could save himself. By this means he avoided the war risk on both ship and cargo, and went into the freight markets of the world on an equality with neutral ships. As no loss was suffered, consequently no award can he rendered on a simple claim for transfer. But if a claim for depreciation in value and for ships driven into dock in consequence of acts of the Alabama and her sister ships can be sustained under the Treaty, and I see no reason why it cannot, the amount of such claim may run up to three or four millions sterling, according to the base of calculation. Here would be work for the Board of Assessors provided the Arbitrators cannot agree upon a gross sum. It can neither be denied nor kept out of sight that a great and almost revolutionary change has taken place in carrying on ocean commerce since the breaking out of the American war in 1861. Prior to this time the ocean tonnage of America did nearly, if not quite, one-half the international ocean carrying trade of the world. Since than a great ocean steam marine has been built up, which is rapidly taking from sailing ships the commerce of the sons. Those steamers are built of iron, and can be put to sea in this country much cheaper than a similar class, of either wood or iron, in the United States. Iron sailing ships are also displacing those constructed of wood, the former possessing other advantages than cheapness over the latter. These facts have had no inconsiderable influence over both the amount and value of the wooden registered tonnage of the United States, and should be kept in view when considering the depreciation of American commerce, and the business which has gone from it to vessels sailing under other flags. If we could have our large ocean commerce restored to us in the same efficient condition as it was at the close of the year 1860, it would not be valued at anything near the same amount per ton that it was than estimated at. This changed and rapidly changing mode of carrying on ocean commerce has an important bearing on the question of depreciation in the commerce of the United States, and should be taken into account when that question is considered. One thing is certain, we shall never recover our old position as an ocean warrior until we cease grumbling about the cruisers and attributing our great losses so entirely to them as some thoughtless people seem to do. We must clearly see and understand our position and than energetically adapt ourselves to the changed i condition of this important branch of trade and industry. The fourth claim made in the " Giso" is for the enhanced payments of insurance." The exact amount of war premiums can easily be obtained ; each shipowner knows the amount he has paid for this purpose. In fact, nearly, if not quite all, such claims have already been proved and sent in, and are to be found in the documents accompanying the " Case." Now, providing Great Britain should be found liable under the Treaty for the injuries, direct and indirect, growing out of the acts of all the cruisers, the sum not ii would fall short often millions sterling. This estimate presumes an amendment of the " Case" allowable ; a claim put in and an award given for depreciation instead of transfer of registered tonnage. Those who are familiar with the subject can form an opinion as to the probability of a Board of European Arbitrators finding Great Britain liable to the extent specified in the Treaty, for the acts of the long list of cruisers named in the appendix to the Case and as the number of cruisers to which no such liability can be attached diminishes, so will the sum total of the claims be diminished. If Great Britain can convince the Arbitrators that " due diligence" has been exercised, and she has in all cases faithfully performed the duties of a neutral under the three rules, then no claim whatever, direct or indirect, can be allowed. The fifth and last claim named in the American " Case is for the expense, of a portion of the expense of carrying on the war for nearly two years after the battle of Gettysburg, fought on the first, second, and third days of July, 1863. I said in a previous letter perhaps all that is necessary to show the uncertain and futile character of this claim ; yet it is this particular one that has been magnified into so many countless millions, and has raised such a storm form against the Treaty throughout this country. It must be kept in mind that before any claim of any kind, for any amount, can be allowed, it must be shown that the injury for which the claim is made was caused by the acts of one or more of the cruisers. Now, sup- pose the Arbitrators should find that a cruiser escaped in violation of the laws of neutrality, and that " due diligence" was not exercised by the British authorities, they must decide what influence, if any, such cruiser had in prolonging the war after the battle of Gettysburg, and then perform the impossible task of figuring a minute fraction of expense that would attach to each cruiser for her portion of such prolongation. The Alabama was at the bottom of the sea, sunk by the Kearsage, in June, 1864. The Georgia was in Liverpool, trying to escape seizure by sale, in the same month. The United States refused to acknowledge validity of the sale, and the vessel was captured and sent to America, also in the same month. The Florida was taken at Bahia the October following, and the Shenandoah did not get armed and ready for operations until the latter part of the same month within six months of the close of the war. The Arbitrators will probably come to the conclusion that these cruisers had about as much influence in prolonging the war as the legendary Flying Dutchman, and will not admit such a claim for consideration. It appears to me if the writers and speakers hero had given the subject a little more attention, they would not have seen it in such an extravagant light, and would not have created so much unpleasant and, it may be, bad feeling about a matter which could hardly have any appreciable result. Instead of seeing nothing in the future but burdensome taxation, followed by shiploads of gold leaving their shores, the people of this country would hardly have treated the affair with seriousness, but would have gone steadily on to arbitration, confident that no such ill-defined claim would be seriously considered. The opinion seems to prevail here that because a claim, however uncertain or hypothetical, is set out in the " Case" it must he considered and possibly allowed. Nothing can be more erroneous. The claim was put in for what it is worth, and the Arbi- trators will, if it over get before them, give it the hood it is worth, and no more. It would be far wiser for both nations if, instead of renewing profitless discussion on this subject, they were to make an earnest endeavour to adjust their differences and let all unpleasant recollections slumber in forgetfulness. The task undertaken by the Commissioners was one of great difficulty; the differences to be adjusted were many, of long standing, and of great importance to both countries. Some of them had given rise to much warmth of feeling, and the labours of the Commission could not be brought to a harmonious close except by mutual concessions and an earnest, patriotic desire on both sides, to terminate all disagreements, real or imaginary, and to bring the two nations to more amicable relations, This good work the negotiators and their countrymen thought "??m--i-me-^---mmm*mma?-m had been accomplished through the instrumentality of the Washington Treaty. The United States conceded something on the Fishery question. They have not pressed the question of the as they believe, too hasty recognition of belligerency, about which they had so much feeling. The Treaty makes no provision to meet expenses on account of prolongation of the war. The San Juan or North-Western boundary question has been sent to an Arbitrator to settle the construction of the Treaty of 1846. The disagree- ment on this subject was caused by two constructions being placed on the language of the Treaty, the British Government taking one view and the United States an opposite view. The Commissioners of the United States said that, inasmuch as the Treaty bears two constructions, and the two Governments understand it differently, let that portion of the Treaty be abrogated by mutual consent, and an attempt be made to settle the question by the Commissioners. The British Commissioners replied that " the proposal to abrogate a Treaty was one of a serious character, and declined it, under instructions. The United States did not think of withdrawing from the Treaty, but agreed to abide by the construction put upon it it by the Arbitrator. This case is precisely similar to the one under consideration, the two parties understanding it differently, only in the present case they have already agreed, by signing the Treaty and exchanging ratifications, to let it go to arbitration. Why, then, disturb a fair arrangement finally reached through so many difficulties ? A Joint Commission is now sitting at Washington examining and passing upon claims of English citizens against the United States. The claimants holding bonds of the Confederate Cotton Loan were permitted, under protest, to present their claim for the payment of these bonds to this Commission, although such a claim could not but be exceedingly obnoxious to the American people. But the Treaty was to settle all differences and claims, to terminate all controversy, and to remove every obstruction to harmony and friendship between the two countries The question was passed upon by the Board, and finally ended. It is to be hoped that the British Government will yet act in a similar spirit. It is claimed that Great Britain made a large concession in expressing her regret at the escape of the privateers from her ports, and for their depredations on American commerce. This was a proper and kindly act, duly appreciated by the people of the United States. They saw therein, not concession, but a willingness to be just and to frankly express regret for the wrong which had been done. The act was creditable to the British Government, and was what we might reasonably expect from a great people. It conceded no principle, right, or privilege, but was a gracious act, appreciated much more highly by my countrymen than material concessions. Again, it is claimed that Great Britain makes another great concession by adopting the " three rules, giving a more precise character to international law. These rules only express what has always been the understanding and practice of that law on these points in the United States and their general adop- tion is not an advantage to America exclusively, but to all maritime nations, and to Great Britain especially. She, as the leading maritime Power, has more at stake, and will derive greater benefit from a more perfect neutrality and a faithful execution of its laws than any other maritime nation, for it is only by giving a wider scope to this law, and rigidly enforcing it by effective legislation, that Great Britain can avoid constant trouble during wars between other nations. Nevertheless, America has received with hearty pleasure England's expression of regret, and is thankful for nor aid in an attempt to make universal the means of a more perfect neutrality. The two nations have reached a point in the progress of the case- where care, good sense, and the sentiment of high moral responsibility to themselves and to mankind ought to guide their counsels. Should they sink to stubborn wilfulness, or hastily take extreme positions, and act from mere feeling, or from any motive unworthy of two great nations standing in the front rank of civilisation, this controversy might possibly end in disaster to both, and be a cause of regret for generations to come. However the absurd and inexcusable belief that the United States are to press a claim for war expenses was formed, it seems to be firmly implanted in the English mind, and may push public men, who appear to have run into the same astounding error, to some extreme position, unless the two nations can at once meet each other in a spirit of kindness and conciliation and come to a better understanding of each other's views. Very few, perhaps none, of the American people believe that anything will be allowed far war expenses, or that the Treaty covers such expenses, and they cannot comprehend the feeling of the English people on the subject. If nothing can be expected from this claim, what good purpose is served by pressing the demand for it? The American people have up to this time behaved with commendable discretion and dignity in regard to the question. I trust they will do themselves still greater honour, and prove to the world that they have the courage to do right under all circumstances, by making it known that the claim for such' portion of the war expense as is supposed to belong to the cruisers will not be urged. F. H. Morse. 33, Princess-square, Feb. 22nd. [From The Times, 23rd February.] Mr. Morse has sent us a second letter on the Treaty of Washington, but we cannot help regretting that he should not have thought it necessary, or found it convenient, to notice the remarks we made on Mb previous communication. The two nations will never get nearer one another unless they try to understand one another. If each keeps aloof, and, wrapping itself up in the contemplation of its own rights or wrongs, pours out monologues of complaint, differences will pass into alienation and alienation into positive hostility. We are much obliged to Mr. Morse for helping us to know what Americans think of the divergent interpretations which have been put on the Treaty of Washington, but, now that he has done this, we want him to study our position, and make known its points to his countrymen. He has lived long among us in a position of great responsibility, giving him unusual means of entering into our modes of thought, and he could not do better than translate us for the benefit of the citizens of the States. It is really a necessary task. We have just received the files of Transatlantic newspapers containing telegraphic reports of the debates in the two Houses on the opening of Parliament and of the course of public opinion on the Alabama claims, and wound it difficult i to recognize what really occurred in the refracted images I of it that reached the other side of the Ocean. The I AtlanticCabloispervertod from an instrument of peace into a disseminator of misunderstandings. We appeal to Mr. Morse, and, indeed, to all whodosiroto maintain, friendly relations between the two countries, to do what they can to frustrate the mischief of these mis- leading distortions, and for that purpose to begin by I mastering what it is each side has to say for itself. In the letter we published on Monday Mr. Morse, asked where it was " the press and Parliamentary orators had got the idea that a claim of two or three hundred millions was set forth in the American Case," and, in reply, we referred him to the pages of the Case which asked the Arbitrators to determine that Great Britain was equitably bound to reimburse the expenses of the war from the battle of Gettysburg to its close. We should like to know if Mr. Moore thinks we are wrong in our reading of these pages, for, to speak frankly, we cannot clearly make out from his second letter whether he does or does not think so. The best interpretation we can put on his words is that he admits the claim has been made, while he thinks that it is excluded by the Treaty. This is, of course, our own position, and we are probably under a temptation to attribute it too readily to another ; but we will cite Mr. Morse's language to show how we have arrived at the conclusion. He says, then in the second paragraph of his letter, " Claims for the prolongation of the war are, I think, effectually shut out by the Treaty ;" in a subsequent passage he writes, The j Treaty makes no provision to meet expenses on account of the prolongation of the war ;" and still further on we road, "Very few, perhaps none, of the American people believe that anything will be allowed for war expenses, or that the Treaty covers such expenses." These passages appear to acknowledge that claims for the prolongation of the war are excluded from the reference, and, as all the indirect claims stand or fall together, it must fellow that all indirect claims are excluded. Yet Mr. Morse. as we understand him, admits that they have been presented. The last sentence we have quoted shows this, as there could be no room for doubting whether anything would be allowed for war expenses if they were not claimed and elsewhere he says, " The Arbitrators will probably come to the conclusion that the cruisers had about as much influence in prolong- ing the war as the legendary Flying Dutchman, and will not admit such a claim for consideration, The claim was put in for what it was worth, and the Arbitrators will, if it ever got before them, give it the head it is worth, and no more : " and yet again he writes, " However the absurd and inexcusable belief that the United States are to press a claim for war expenses was formed, it seems to be firmly implanted in the English mind ;" and, once more, " the American people cannot com- prehend the feeling of the English people on the subject." We can scarcely understand how Mr. Morse can characterise as " absurd and inexcusable " a belief that a claim he admits to have been presented is intended to be pressed. If we have erred in this belief, it is because we taken the American Case is a serious document, meaning what it says; but, putting this aside, we ask Mr. Morse to place himself in our position and realise the effect of his own admissions. We made a Treaty last June from which, as he thinks and us we understood, claims for the prolongation of the war were effectually shut out ; but when the Arbitration agreed upon by the Treaty is opened these claims are presented, involving a possible total of two or three hundred millions sterling, is it surprising that we should repudiate the Arbitration of such a demand, however improbable it may be that the Arbitrators would listen to it P Why should we expose ourselves to any hazard from such a claim when it is excluded from the Treaty defining the Arbitration ? We can- not understand how any blame whatever can be cast upon us if we request that claims admitted to be excluded shall be withdrawn from the case presented to the Arbitrators before proceeding with the Arbitration. We can easily appreciate the difficulty of reforming a Case. We know great courage is required to do it, but it is the only course consistent with Mr. Morse's admissions. General Butler is reported, we known not with what truth, to have a lid that the United States had presented a Case which they agreed not to present. " England says she is satisfied with the Treaty, but not with our infringement of its terms; and while I am as much opposed to England as any one, yet I believe we have no legal right to present such a Cbbo as we have prepared and presented. We cannot, of course, withdraw or modify it now." It is very probable that General Butler never used any such language, but an " interviewer" thought It might be accepted as his if attributed to him, and it no doubt, represents the opinions of many in the United States. " The claim ought not to have been preferred, but it cannot be with- drawn." We hope this attitude will he abandoned as soon as it is understood. It is a repetition of the cry, " Our country, right or wrong," which prevailed during the war with Mexico, and though that cry was long since repudiated by the'motalsense of the North, it may revive in all its strength under the pressure of new excitement. We gladly recognize the fact that Mr. M orso struggles to keep from its influence. He expresses a hope that his countrymen " will have the courage to do right under all circumstances, by making it known that the claim for such portion of the war expenses as I is supposed to belong to the cruisers will not be urged, and we trust that on reflection he will see that, as the Treaty excludes all indirect claims if it excludes any, the course befitting the honour and dignity of the States is frankly to renounce them all. Mr. Morse refers to two occurrences which must be examined, because they are in danger of being rapidly enveloped in mists of prejudice, which will obscure their real character. In the negotiations at Washington last year the San Juan boundary came on for consideration. This question has been referred to Arbitration by a Treaty made in 1846, but the decision of the Arbitrator was repudiated by the United States as proceeding upon an interpretation of the Treaty they did not acknowledge. The American Commissioners suggested that as the i Treaty was differently construed by the parties to it, it should be abrogated by mutual consent ; but our Commissioners, after being instructed from England, declined this proposal. Subsequently, however, it was made part of the new Treaty that the Emperor of Germany should be asked to decide upon the construction of the former Treaty. We may doubt I the wisdom of our Government in declining to agree to the abrogation of a Treaty which had utterly failed and become inoperative, but there is no in- consistency between the line thus taken and our attitude with respect to the Treaty of Washington. We did not agree to a formal abrogation of the Treaty of 1846 ; we do not ask that the Treaty of Washington should be abrogated ; we simply submit that if it appears that the two parties to the Treaty construed it throughout In different senses, it becomes ipso facto null and void, and the Treaty of 1846 was, in fact, null and void from the same cause. The case rightly understood is entirely in our favour. The right of the Arbitrator under the Treaty of 1846 to determine its construction was denied by the United States, and it was necessary to agree upon a new convention in the Treaty of Washington appointing an Arbitrator to whom this question of construction should he referred. This precedent is clearly against the United States, since It would show that the Arbitrators under the Treaty of Washington have no power to control the terms of the reference submitted to them ; so that if the original parties to the Treaty do not agree upon those terms, the Treaty must fall to the ground, unless they agree upon some new treaty, supplementing and correcting it. The second circumstance to he examined is the fact that claims for the payment of certain Confederate Cotton Bonds were presented to the Joint Commission sitting at Washington. The American Government protested against their being considered, but allowed them to come in under protest, and they were considered and rejected. The American Government might have refused to go on if they were presented, and we could not have complained and indeed, the short answer to any argument arising out of this case is, that these Bonds were presented not only without any authority on the part of our Government, but against the positive order of our Government, though the order reached Washington too late to prevent their being presented. We can have no hesitation in expressing our regret that any such claims should have been submitted to the Commission, and we are certain that our Ministers would be the first to apologize for the unauthorized not of their agent at Washington. We do not abandon all hope that the Treaty of Washington may yet settle all the differences between the two nations, but the difficulties in the way might easily tempt us to despair. There can be no settlement if it is maintained that claims for in- direct damages are included in the Treaty, and must be presented to the Arbitrators. We cannot dispute the right of the American Government to insist upon this as their view ; the Treaty itself, apart from the Protocols, favours it; but we ourselves cannot abandon our own position that the Treaty was ratified the Treaty as interpreted by the Protocols leading up to it excludes these indirect claims, and that, being excluded, they must not be presented to the Arbitrators. Mr. Morse's letter and the words attributed. to General Butler give us some reason to believe that there are Americans who acknowledge the strength of this position ; but, even if this were generally admitted, it would require an exercise of the greatest magnanimity to consent to alter or supplement the American Case so as to make it correspond with this view. We cannot say such magnanimity is impossible, but if the Government of the United States prove they can attain it, we shall be the first to acknowledge that they have equalled, if not transcended, all record of heroic virtue in the history of nations. DEATH OF LORD MAYO. [Pall Mall Gazette.'] Although we say nothing about it to each other, we are all conscious, probably, that the news of Lord Mayo's death has been received here in a remarkable way. It is really an event of great importance and we feel that it may prove to be of very great importance and it is slurred over in all places as if it were of no importance at all. beyond the range of sorrow for the murder of a good man and a useful public servant. There is, in fact, a forced unnatural abstention from the subject, strongly contrasting with the sugar, vivid, apprehensive manner in which we customarily treat disasters far less tragic in themselves and far less considerable in all they can involve. The murder of Mr. Justice Norman made much more noise than the murder of Lord Mayo and we do not doubt that if another judge, or any high official not the Viceroy himself, had fallen so soon afterwards by the assassin's knife, a sensation would have been produced far greater than is now visible Why this is so we need not expend many words to explain. The reasons to in the breast of every man, who somehow thinks that he chooses to speak and to think as little about the matter as possible. To say that silence finds oppression is, in press, a blunder ; but we may say that the way in which the common disposition to keep silence on Lord Mayor's murder, the common disposition to shut it from contemplation lest too much should be soon of what may follow in its train, was betrayed most strikingly in the little that was said about it in both Houses of Parliament. Considering what the state of India is, and what a vast range of direful possibilities open to the view when- ever we look frankly upon the mass of incoherent hostile forces there, the assassination of the Viceroy is surely a thing of great moment. But had he died peacefully in his bed his death would not have been dismissed so hastily by her Majesty's Ministers : had he been in Under-Secretary killed by a common foot- pad we should have heard more about it from them. As it is, if they themselves had borne a hand in the murder they would hardly have turned from the subject with more haste, and with a more evident anxiety that it might at once be caught into oblivion. And the feeling they thus betrayed we all have shared with some little unfermented satisfaction in our minds that the Government itself did sanction its indulgence. But the reasons that keep us all so silent will find voice one of these days, and then they will be seen to be of more importance even than the murder of the Queen's ' representative in India. They resolve themselves into this, speaking plainly : a consciousness that the aspect of affairs there is from year to year becoming more threatening for Four continued peaceful denomination of the country. Up till very lately we all hold without doubt I pretty much the same ideas that Captain Meadows Taylor nurses still, that another Olive would at a pinch appear to conquer India over again with perfect case and at small expense of powder. This at the worst. But we had notions provisions to that, assuring us that India perfectly understood when it was well off, and that the population was far too sensible of the benefits of British government as compared with native rule to risk their lives in changing one for the other These ideas were Manchester ideas, than which none were held with greater confidence, and none have over come to more signal confusion. Nowadays, looking out upon the tremendous changes which have taken place throughout the world within the term of one generation, and upon the daily increasing volume and rapidity of these mutations, the dullest of us begin to see that the elements of peace and prosperity are not alone to be found in modern enterprise, modern commerce, modern invention ; but that the " arts of civilization" boar with them destruction too. It was thought that they would secure peace and arm well doors especially ; what they have done so far is not precisely that. They have distributed over the world prodigious forces for evil as well us for good, without diminishing in any way that can be seen the provocation or the disposition to employ them in baleful . adventure. There is surely one of those various art that has not in some degree added to the area ; and the means of such disturbances as to this tuition j above all others are most serious. Mechanical invent| tion has done much to cause, extend, and enrich indus I try ; but by the same appliances as well as others it has made destruction indefinitely more easy too, more sudden in its operations, more vast and terrible. And mechanical inventions, however we may please to glorify their, are more brute forces; they testify to the intellect but they do not soften the passions of humanity, not even suggest that they should not he used for the most Bullish und wanton purposes. This we may see by peeping from our own doors. But if we look farther, to India, of which we are speaking, we may see something more than this. There also commerce and Invention have done a work which adds enormously to the means of hostility, without in any degree abating hostility itself and then this is a hostility which can only be called wanton, or sell fish, or unnatural in this country. We know with absolute certitude that our rule in India has been and is a blessing to the Empire, and that any form of native rule that could succeed it would bring poverty, oppression, and long years of domestic strife upon the population. But it is vain to imagine that this is as clearly seen by those whom we govern vain to suppose that the most warlike of them at least would not join heartily upon fair occasion to overthrow the domination of a race strange to all their sympathies and hateful to a faith which is to them truly a thing of life and death. No Englishman supposes that we are loved in India ; nor need he dozen his imagination with the belief that, not being loved our rule is desired for its substantial benefits. Such benefits are little understood when they are the gift of foreign, domination, in all respects haughty and unflinching : nor even when they are comprehended in their full -.. value are they always to be counted upon as destructive of religious and patriotic hate. That these passions exist in India, that at any rate they are capable of being stirred into violent activity, nobody - can doubt; and whatever notions may have prevailed during the ascendency of the Manchester school of politics, few man now can believe that such passions are overruled by private interest as soon as they are brought together. Moreover, India has shared the " boon of enlightenment. It also has profited by the arts of civilization, and we may be quite sure has in all its discontented corners, and wherever martial ambition is, particularly studied their application to hostile and destructive purposes. Nor does their recent enlightenment leave the people in much of that - mystery which still made our power so awful to them, fifty years ago. Illusions are to be deprecated by all e, philosophers and by all lovers of their kind ; but the fact is-melancholy as it may be that illusions are often very serviceable to rulers and politicians. Illusion helped us ranch to the conquest of India, and to the consolidation there of a power which has been of such enormous good to its people as well as to our own. Captain Meadows Taylor thought it worth while to remind us a week or two ago that on the 23rd of June, 1767, Clive, with 900 Europeans, with 2,100 Bspoys, and 8 light field pieces, defeated and put to flight an army 50,000 strong, with a numerous and powerful artillery. Splendid have been our achieve- ments since ; but the probability that any Clive with 3,000 men and 8 field pieces would defeat an Indian army of 50,000 men " with a numerous and powerful artillery, has been declining. There was something behind Clive that then they saw which has been failing ever since and when it has become nearly invisible to such soldiers us the Mahommedan races can produce there will be no such difference in the number of natives that fly before our arms; especially as our arms are theirs more or less, and since we have taught them their use. Now we by no means intend to insinuate that there is any real present danger of the overthrow of our government in India that is not the purpose of these remarks. We are as well assured as the brave and experienced soldier whose name we have here mentioned that a well equipped army of 60,000 Englishmen (and the men are there would march from end to end of India criiBhinp; every force that could be arrayed against it. Nevertheless the conditions we have advanced are of great moment ; they are growing, and it is their nature to grow more and more in importance and the question is not so women whether our Indian army would conquer all opposition, is whether it may not be called by-and-by to employ a part of its strengthen fourth of it, a sixth of it-in what when it succeeded would be a most unfortunate enterprise. And it is these considerations which, starting up in every man's mind at the news of Lord Mayo's murder, and at the thought of what effect it may produce upon thousands of men newly, inspired by. an urgent spirit of fanaticism, LaTE. 2, led us to him away from that disaster as far as may be, and to talk of it as little as possible. And that would be all well enough if at the same time there was no danger that they would be banished like ugly ghosts, instead of being kept well in view as what they are and what they may mean. But this does not appear to be the prevalent disposition anywhere in England. - THE ANNIVERSARY OF BURNS. [From The Times, 27th January.] On Thursday night, the 113th anniversary of Burns was celebrated in Edinburgh by the Burns Club and the Ayrshire Club. At the dinner of the former Bullio Howden presided, and the memory off Burns was proposed by the Rev. Dr. Wallace, who stated that he would take up the aspect of the subject which a person of his profession naturally regarded with the most interest and in which he felt most at home the religious and moral influence of Burns' Was that a good, as it was inevitably a powerful, influence ? Willi all respect to various religious persons who thought otherwise, he affirmed his conviction that the literary influence of Bums upon the spirit of religion was as valuable as it was great. Like every great poet, Burns was a preacher, and in his highest inspirations he spoke to the soul. Italy Willie's Prayer might be shocking, but why? Because Holy Williohimsolf unfortunately was shocking. A great artist, with a passion for his art, might be tempted to make features of beauty out of dirt if there was no better material near, even although he should sell his fingers in the attempt. But men in criticizing him should always be asked whether it was dirt that he delighted in or his own deftness in handling it. However that might be, this he would say, that taking Burns's writings all in all, and most certainly taking those writings whose publication he sanctionedhimself.thorobreathod throughout them a purity of spirit and healthiness of tone which was in edifying contrast to the insinuatingsensualisms of many of our modern pools and novelists. He asked what noble or manly virtue Burns failed to recognize or support in his poems ? And went on to state that while others might drive Burns from their bosom, he dared not Burns had the temptations that beset a brilliant and, in some respects, matchless genius temptations from which his detractors were mostly free ; but throughout Burns' career he thought he recognized a nature noble, manly, striving towards the ideal good; no taint of meanness or dishonour rested upon his name. Professor Blackie delivered an address on Burns at Edinburgh the same night at the Upholsterers' Festival of' St. Paul. He said Burns and Walter Scott have had the distinguished honour of making the whole wot Id take off its hat to the name of Scotch- men and Scotland wherever it is pronounced. And though, no doubt, Shakespeare is a very great name, and nobody can talk of him, or of Milton, or Bacon, or of thousands of others without profound respects yet he could assure them that when he went abroad he constantly let it be known that he was not an Englishman but a Scotchman. He thought there I was a great deal too little of Scottish self esteem, especially in Edinburgh. There are a great number of AnglifloJ puppies in Edinburgh. (Laughter.) How they came by the taste it was not his business to explain ; he only know the fact, and try protested against it. He very seldom heard good, Scotch songs in E linburn» ; be heard ten times, as many when he went to Glasgow. In EdinbArgh^tkay did know and they did not cultivate their beautiful Doric language. They would go and cram themselves with the Doric of the Greeks, who lived 2,000 years ago, and they thought themselves awfully learned, and went to Oxford to. become Puseyites half-way to Rome, and then all the way to Roma (laughter) but their own language they did not know and Scotch songs, which are the pride of the Scottish nation and the bloom of their nationality and poetry, they looked upon as vulgar. Perhaps they thought Burns was vulgar, too. All that he could say was that he took his part with the vulgar man and not with the fine dressed puppy. (Applause.) He did not care for sitting with the Scribes and Pharisees in high places. If the apostle of God or the singer of God were a fisherman, of a ploughman, or a tentmaker, let him have his portion with him, and not with the mighty man and his respectable- ties, and the finely-shaving smoothing of the upper class of our day. (Laughter and applause.) He had not to say a word about what was called the philosophy of patriotism. The world was constructed upon the principle of variety. Variety was the greatest possible wealth of the world ; monotony was. Ino, feebleness, the meagreness, and the bar ron loss of the world. God wished there should be Englishmen Scotchmen, and Irishmen, and the man" who, being born a Scotchman, wished to be an Englishman was, rebelling against the will of God, and disturbing the harmony of the world. If he wore a boar, he could never become an elegant, dancing, tricksy donkey. (Laughter.) The Caledonian Society of London hold the anniversary festival at the Free masons'' Tavern, London. The newly-elected President, Mr. W. T. Morrison, was in the chair. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts having been drunk, the President gave the toast of the evening, " The immortal memory of Burns, in brief but forcible terms. " The Caledonian Society" was proposed by Dr. F. W. Ramsay. Dr. Ramsay's health followed, he receiving a retiring President's gold medal. Subsequently, Mr. J. Seton Ritchie, in responding to the toast " The honorary Secretary," given by Dr. Charles Fogg, accompanied by the presentation of a special gold medal to Mr. Ritchie, in recognition of the sense of the society of the able manner in which he has administered its affairs, mentioned, as a proof that the widespread interest in Burns remained unabated, the fact that the visitors who paid for admission to Burns's monument in Edinburgh to view the relics it contains were in the last two years in excess of preceding years, those in 1870 bona: 6,830 and in 1871, 5,767. Afterwards Sir Patrick M. Colquhoun, Major Barlow, Captain Story, Captain Peebles, Mr. John Young, Mr. Underwood, Mr. F. Gray, barrister, Professor Abel, and others addressed the meeting. Maravilla Cocoatina breakfast table is room polo without this delicious bovomgo.-The globe says, " Various importers and manufacturers have attempted to attain a reputation for their prepared Cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough success had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers discovered the extraordinary qualities of ' Maravilla Cocoa, Adapting their perfect system of preparation to this finest of all species of the Theobroma, they have produced an article which supersedes every other Cocoa in the market, Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For homoeopaths and invalids we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." Sold in packets only, by all Grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor Brothers' Original Homoeopathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate.' . Steam Mills Brick Lane, London. Export Chicory Mills Bruges, Belgium. MISS 