TOWN TALK. Now that every, ono has snakon hands all round, ano done the mutual congratulation business over the baptism in champagne of the new great connecting tuB cable, it is to ba hoped that useful institution will be allowed to do its work in the silence that itloves. Like roost great doers, the telegraph is a quiet worker, and, with moro to say than most people, says it in the fewest words. Tho lato hubbub of voices and clinking of .glasses must have seemed strange waste of power and tune to tho Búbtlo essence that girdles tho earth almost before tho champagno poured in its honour had .theo to got flat. Contrast, too, tho laboured oratory oftbe dinnor-table with tho neat little speeches flashed to us from tho ends bf tho earth, and say whether it would not bo as well to make tho telegraph Il our sole talker-at any rate nt public dinners. There -wa« considerable . family . resemblance between the various congratulatory messagos from "foreign parts," but that perhaps was to be expected ; and thoro soems to have boon some little dis- proportion in tho honours awarded, but that, perhaps, was to bo expected too. No one will begrudge South Australia her Benjamin's share of the honour and glory, though perhaps thoro was just a little sharp prac- tice in tho early stages of hor great enterprise : hut why a " political accident" Uko the South Australian Chief Secretary, Mr. Ayers, who had little or nothing tb do with tho great work, should be mado a Knight of the colonial order, whilo Mr. Todd, who did it, has to bo content with tho milder dignity of Commander, can be accounted for only on tho old principle, that " tho soldier wins the battle but tho gonoral tho day," and, that, too, even when ho only happons to come in, ns Mr. Ayers did, at tho finish.. ??. " Punch Staff Papers," after a somewhat long in cubation, came abroad on Monday in all the glories of blue and gold. Externally and internally also, as for as type, paper, and illustrations go, it is one of tho best specimens ire have sean af the colonial Press. "What it may bo in n literary sense wo must leave for tho critics ta say. The list of contributors is long, and we notice, -with the exception of a posthumous paper by tho lato Mr. Deniehy, does not inclnde the name of a single Punch contributor in what, ¡tis no reflection on the present stáff to call tia palmy days of that periodical. The «ld original Punch staff art scattered to the four winds, " dsad, missing, or spliced, or sacked." As Punch himself said of them the other day, mourning, air at any rato recalling the " men that were," . . 8otne flit Uko ghosts thro' Klng-stroet'g shade, I - Borne haunt the Murrumbidgee; I And some at Haslem's Creek are laid, . And soma haw, lav* afc mfr. But what then ? Are thoro not as good fish, Ssc. ? and there is one thine; that the old staff wore novor caught doing-giving the publie a gorgeous volume of Punch Staff Papers." From a hasty glance at tho contents, we should say there vf as no lack at any rate of infinite variety | " from grave to gay, from livoly to Bevoro," (thoro is a paper on the " Uses of Criticism,") to suit all tastes while thore can bo no sort of doubt as to tho book being in tho language of tho trado " admirably adaptod to adorn every drawing-room tablo." A melancholy but too common phrase of " colonii I experience" tnrned np at Darlinghurst on Monday, who i tho astrologer Hassan Bradstreet, convicted of " obtaic iug money undor false protences," was brought up fo [sontonco. Having told many fortunes tho luckies I Hassan-" Hassan" doubtless to give bim tho fn] \ Eastern flavour proper to a- professor of tho stars-pro I cceded to recount his own. Born under Mars ho was a an early ago destined for ji military careor and provide: with a commission, when a fatal conjunction wit] j Mercury compelled him to sell out, and a subsequen I transit of Venus landed bim in Kent-street, tho keopo j of a house of ill- fnmo. lu that most improper and un Erofltablo business it is no wonder if, in this moral city ë was soon reduced to starvation, and being too prout : to work and far to honest to steal ho bethought him o ' tho " pastime of . his youth," and took to feelim ; bumps and swindling silly women. Ono lins seo! and i hoard of many ox-military officers in divan carious _ positions in this curious country. Ai ox-captain of dragoons long officiated - ns " boots' at tho principal hotel at Wagga; remarkable chiefly for tho sharpness with which ho looked after his " tips ;" and for many years an ox-guardsman, and thc son of a bishop to boot, sold matches at tho corner of Priuco's-bridgo in Melbourne. There is an cx- military friend of our Olin now, who would bo happy to «ell you aúy number of shares in any number of companies at any moment, and who, «we fancy sometimes may have boen, or may yot bo, in tho samo rigiraent with Hassan But snroly tho fates never played military ewell a. harder turn than to transform him into a fortune- teller, with a dash of pimp 1 This cstimabla diameter, who wo wonder did not plead piety as well as poverty, inasmuch ns he had been accustomed to trust to the heaven» for his bread, had ono mora reason to thank his "stars." whoa Mr. «Justinn Faucott, touched pos- sibly with tho'fallen fortunes, as much of tho ancient "scionco" now Bunk to a common misdemeanour, as of tho ox- officer turned brothel-keeper, sontouced him to tho mild punishment of a two months' eclipse in Dar- linghurst. Paria, tired of politics and tho serious business of fighting, has been discussing; Intel» tho dolicato question of tho conjugal relations. A characteristic pamphlet, " IJ Homme-femme," by jvr. Dumas, raised tho ques- tion of tho right of a husband to kill au unfaithful ivifo, and vico Tersa ; and tho discussion ihat followed is said to have been ono of tho most livoly since tho question of tho Commnno v. Versailles. Hero, whoro Mr. Bunhannn has undertaken to provide for all ex- treme cases, wo don't go further than tho right of a husband to thrash n drunken wifo, and tho question is raised for us, not by a clever pamphlnt (wo have no M. Dumas), but by a enso iu tho polieo court. Ono , Burus, returning homo to dinner, found no dinner, but a drun wifo. In her own moro oloquent lunguugo she " had boen driukiugn littlo and was lying down." Whcroupou being possibly hungry and certainly savage ho, accord- ing to her account, ''assisted" her into tho yard, throw several buckets of water over her, and cut her on tho thumb, for all which ho, not she, is to bo tried at tho Quarter _ Sessions. Now{ if wo were at all a lively peoplo with a taste for social subjects, like tho Parisians, hero is a social question that would lost ns with cood I managoniont, nt nny rate, till tho noxt murder. It would havo tho advautago of tho Fronch controversy, if somewhat less sensational, of coming homo to moro people. Few husbands in this community havo occasion to shoot their wives, but a good mnny^too often havo to want thoir dlnnars ; and it would bo as well to sottlc tho proper mods of procedure under such trying cir cumstances. Besides, it is as much tho woman's quos, tion as tho man's. What is sauce for tho goose is sauce for tho gandor, and if ',' several buckets" »re a fair thing for "drinking a littlo and lying down," how many mightbo allowed for drinking a good deal and stopping out ? The great "woman question" hos as yot boen scarcely heard of horo; but hero is clearly at least ono phasqof it staring us in tho faoe-what to do with hor when drunk P Dr. Cox tolls rather n curious story of lead poisoaing. ' A patient of his showed unmistakable signs of suffering from that causo, but through what means was a mystery, until it was discororod that ho was in tho habit of taking an early draught of boor at an adjacent public houso, where tho pipo of the beer-cngine was of lead. As this boliorer in beor was generally, tho first customer, ho got, of course, tho first draught that had probably boon standing in tho fatal pipo all night. Hero is a moral for tho teotojialors-don't drink beor.. Yos, but there is death in tho water-pipe as well as in tho bocr pipe ? nnd'it is possible that had tho snffercr in this caso gono'to his own tap instead of to tho publican's, ho would hare got his leaden dose just tho snme. only through a loss pleasant medium. If ono must be slow poisoned, and thoro really seems to bo littlo chanco of escape from all tho dangers, from leaden wator-pipos to copper saucopans or painted toa, lurking on overy sido of us, it is ns well to make tho necessity ns palntablo an possiblo, and beor is certainly as good a thing to got ill on as water. 