? There caiT be no thar&nmfcnah; variance, is a-eaHly marching ob ^-The mov^ ment s widening its borders beyond derken-; well and JBethnalL <3jgen» there is a "leepecfci ablfe chkrch' of Spji&aUts; at, JJbuuiiu* i& vrhich we are. -glad -to remark ^he :new' peculiarity ot "a^mat'ked pMiiomiuaace of intellectual- phvfii<3gnbmy." there a? circle at Cairo wbere "Madame Blawatsky'l iel willing for a ponsidera$icn w to reproduce the;, plague of frogs or any Jsimilar incident v£ Pharaonic life at a. moment's notice. Spiritualism has it laBt a worship, 'which is described as -consisting bf "invocations, the singing of suitable hymns, and-^fche delivery of addresses without any ter&mmy; or ritual That is however of less importance «ince the spirits themselves, after^a good deal of ghostly coquetry, have been at -last - wheedled into coming fairly io the front,',when these ghostly visitants are no more like Woodsworth'a cutskoo, " a wandering voice," but are good enough to take ^material form, and to allow themselves to he seen of mortal eyes and vphotograplied in common:carte8^de-visitei •:< The iirst photographic manifestation took place, of course, in America, but the Yankee seer .experienced the .usuaiprophetio fate } «aiid the discovery had to.be made over egain ia less sceptical climeB. .It is only fair to Mrl Samuel Guppy that he should tell his own story, r He Jbtad ^accompanied' Jus wife, .with conjugal solititude ta a-photographic studio and'-aftertheBittingwaBfinishedlasked •her to try an experiment to see if I could get a spirit photograph. 1 arranged the drapery, sitting,; myself in front of a screen of black .cloth, my wife being behind it. While so sitting, waiting for Mr. Hudson to bring the prepared plate, a wreath of artificial 'flowers was placed on my head. Mr. Hudson brought the plate, took and developed the picture which showed a draped figure in white stand' ing behind me." We see the result in a copy of the carte-de-visiie which is now before us. The world knows nothing of its greatest men, and we were a little startled at first Bight of the venerable person with whom spirits take such affectionate liberties. If we may trust the photograph, Mr. Guppy is a rather short and podgy person, with an extremely illfitting coat, and leaning back in a chair with that air of attempted serenity whiih iB com mon in photographic studios. His head appears to be bald, and is certainly covered hy a wreath ofrflowersj which; as big cabbager roses of this sort hardly bloom in the month of M arch, we may presume to be artifi c ial. Behind Mr. Guppy is a white erection, which might fee a spirit, and which might be a pump, but which to mortal eyes would rather suggest a couple of broomsticks draped in a white sheet. Altogether, let us frankly, own, this firot spiritual photograph is a little destructive of reverence. The mind instinctively quits the veiled broomsticks to fasten itself to Mr. Guppy, and that comfortable face, the face of a cozy tallow-chandler, when crowned with paper rosesbecomes absolutely irresistible^ We should tremble for the domestic happ fcncss-of Mr. Guppy if Mrs. Guppy had not claimed her share in these spiritual inter views. _ "I will go with Tommy," said Mrs. Guppy in words which throw a certain suhdued light on the inner life of the Guppy circle, will go with Tommy to get a spirit photograph, but I must have my own way entirely . I am always interfered with, and told to do this or that, but this time I will have my own way f" The result of this spirited conduct shall be told in her husband's words:—" We went at three o'clock to Mr. Hudson's. A snowstorm came on.: However, she placed herself kneeling with the child in front. She desired me to look at her through the cloth screen all the while. . . Though I say it as I shouldn't say it, I think it is the most beautiful photograph I have wver seen, and worthy of copying by a first rate painter." We may fairly pardon this little outburst of .Mr. -i^flppj^sj^ we have pardoned his little irrelevance about the snow and the exquisite, "however" which follows it, but to ordinary eyes the photograph is a very inferior photograph indeed. Our natural curiosity about the spirited wife " who will have, her own way;*' is disappointed by/"-so terribly blurred afeco that not a feature can be made out. 8uch.as she is, however, Mrs, GHppy kneels in the foreground, holding "Tommy," whose hair does not seem to have seen a brush for some months, in her arms, while a very unmistakeable spirit towers high behind them. Unluckily the countenance of " the spirit Katey "—for Mr. Guppy is good enough to supply us with her name—is less distinct than Mrs. Guppy's own. She is got up in the usual stage ghost fashion—indeedfwe think it reflects credit on oar dramatic monagers that they should for so many years have known how a ghost would be clothed when it was-actually good enough to appear on earth. A fillet is tied over the brow.-ftnd a loose white drapery is thrown loosely and vaguely over the rest of tho figure, leaving a little hole for the face and two smaller apertures for a couple of ghostly hands. : It is a little trying to? faith to remark how easily the whole could be imitated with a common white pocket handkerchief and an ordinary sheet. We have not had the privilege of seeing any spiritual representations m which the ghostly Bitter appeared in a more distinctive garb, though we are led to hope that such may soon be vouchsafed. Mr. John Jones has indeed succeeded in inducing spirits to appear in a more: earthly guise. In the photograph of his daughters one of the spirits has on a dark shawl, is stooping, and reading a book; the other standing and thinking," Of course, when one can photograph a; spirit, it is easy to photograph thought into the bargain. But the greatest success was achieved in a second attempt, where " a spirit seems to havo come in with bonnet and lace fall on, as if a visitor, to see the group of three taken by the' camera." It may have been a little jealousy qf the "lace fall" which induced the spirit Katey to dispense, after Mr. Guppy's internets, with photographs altogether. Mr. brnith gives us an accoaut before which that ot Mr. JoneB fades into significance. At the seance which he describes, « Katey came over to the side where Mr. Harrison- and mysel were sittiDg, and showed two brilliant lights one in each hand, the fingers of which could be seen as though'grasping the light. ~ Shesaid to Mr. H., • How, Willie, can --yon see me ?" and as she spoke she turned the light upon her countenance, which could be seen distinctly, the taper moving as she ^pobe. He then illuminated part of her dress, which she Baid was such;«s she wore in -IMia, - referring £o me at the time for confirmation J * Sow can you understand ? This is tho way we show ourselves in the photographs.,' Mr. H. requested and was permitted to touch the figure which we saw." Katey only dig-; appeared Jo make way for a dear friend,; every feature of whose fece waB distinctly tojbe recognised. "Yes, Cliff," Baid the spirit—Mr. Smith's name, we may remark,? is "Clifford" but spirits havo their little familiarities—" you recognize me, you re- cognize mel".— Holloway's Pills.—Stomach, Liver, Bowels. There is nothing hnrtf ul in the composition of these purifying Pills, nothing 'that can injure the most delicate constitution. They ^improve the appetite, quicken the energies of the stomach and^liverj and regulate the bowels; They ijrus Jaecome the-surest Bafeguards.againet indigestion, and the safest promoters jaf tho body's growthind the mind's development. Holloway J s Pills exert a wholesome alterative and tonie^iciion on -every internal morgan, and they regulate every disor-deredjot debil i ited faaaction. Th ^yi arema|aral,md -therefore efficient pun-! fters jand cp rective« Few tinhealthy upnditions the ^omaxsh or digestive -ajpacatus can withstand the atscumulative heaithy influence -obtained over the-whole fiame whenthipfePills arejadiciously^nd? perseveriQgly taken by invalids. ; iSaturday Review. 