FOOTBALL CHATTER BY FAIRPLAY. There were three matches played last Saturday between the senior and junior clubs-matches which it has always pleased me to foster in any possible, for the reason that these games will do more good for football than if the senior always kept to themselves, and juniors never played with any better than themselves Playing at the odds of fifteen or sixteen to twenty, the crack players find that they have to play a different game to what they have been accustomed to ; as ordinarily, when the numbers in each team are even, and the game is not very one-sided, one man plays against one. But it is very different when one team has five more than the other - that is to say if they are at all properly managed, and about this part of this business I shall have a few words to say presently. Five men more on one side do not seem such great odds, an uninitiated person would say. Just let him try, that's all. Whenever one man of the tea giving the odds is, there are always four or five of his opponents, as the extra men can always be on the move, following the ball, and there is not time for rest or taking a breather, as in a match wit equal members. From the beginning to the end, is improved by their coming in contact with, and being able to take lessens from, the manner in which their opponents play. Then also as these clubs serve as a kind of nursery where from the senior clubs recruit their ranks, these witches have the effect of bringing the aspi- rants for fame prominently before the public case. The three matches played last Saturday were between sixteen of Carlton and twenty of Richmond sixteen of Albert park and twenty of Collingwood and fifteen of Mel- bourne against twenty of the Southern. The match between the Carlton and Richmond was played in the Royal-park, and resulted in an easy victory for the Carlton. who obtained for goals to their credit. two of which were kicked by Donovan, one by Gay, and one by Newing. The game was very one- sided, as the Richmond at no time had anything likes a good show,. Thia is different to last season when the Richmond twenty met the Carlton fifteen {this was with six- teen), the latter by no means had the game all their own way then. _ The match between the Albert-park sixteen and the Collingwoed twenty, played at the ground of the farmer, was the most closely con- tested of the three; the game all through was well-fought but the Parkites were fortunate enough to obtain one goal. There was a rather serious fall in this match by which one of the Collingwood teams were rendered hors de combat. He was running on close to goal, and was just about to kick, with a good chance of soaring for has side, when he was violently thrown, and must have gone doom on his head as he was picked up in an insensible state. He was found ot be suffering from concussion of the brain, and did not regain any degree of consciousness for over two days. At the time of writing this, I have been in- formed that he is slowly recovering. and a meeting of secretaries of football clubs has been called for the purpose of taking steps to raise subscription towards the cost of defray- ing the doctor's fee and other expenses. This is as if should be. As the match between the Albert-park and Collingwood was the best contested so was that between fifteen of the Mel- bourne and twenty of the Southern the most unusual. Although not by any means wishing to discourage them yet it must be said that they never had a ghost of a chance. The Melbourne got throe goals, which were kicked by the Loughnan and Hepburn ; one of them would not have been obtained if the goal-keeper had been at all equal to the responsibility of his practice, as the ball went grabbing along the crowd and might have been stopped by him. In these games, the great lack of anything like strategy on the part of the junior clubs was very apparent. The captains did not in any case make nearly as much as of their larger numbers as they should have been especially when, as the matches with Carlton and Melbourne, they were fighting under the disheartening circumstances of being overpowered. Instead having their own men placed well forward(of course keeping a sufficient number back for defensive purposes, which can be easily done when they have four of five men to the good) so that when the the ball is kicked off they will be in a position to carry it forward and keep it away from the goal, they all their men in front of the goal. As it is only a natural result of the play that the ballis always where there are the greatest number of players, the conse- quence of this is that when no better judge- ment is displayed in placing the team, the ball is always kept in front of the goal and the twenty are running about in clumps in a dis- organised state, as often as not in one another's way. Anyone on the Melbourne ground last Saturday would have specially noticed this to be cse. Having been witnessing another match . I only got there about half an hour before the game was over, and there, to my disgust, was the scene just as above described. The Melbourne only had one man in the middle of the ground, and one goal keeper : all the others clustering round the Southern goal. If the Southerners had at all played properly, they would have had four or five men, at last, right away forward and then, if the had been kicked over the heads of the mass, it would have been a poor look out for their adversaries. Of course in this case, the Melbourne should have placed more men back. Well, this is just the what the Southern would want: it would make a diversion, and the attack on their goal could not be so severe. So that If these junior clubs, one and all, are not above taking a little advice from an old stager like me, they will bear in mind the few words written on this subject, and try to improve in the management of the teams. Nothing would delight me to see any of these clubs beat some of their seniors. Two or three regular good drubbings, even at odds, would do some of them an immensity of good. The other principal matches played were between the second twenty of the South Yarra and Carlton, and a match between the East Melbourne and Williamstown. The second twenty of the South Yarra is petty much their way with Carlton, getting three goals, whilst the opponents did not obtain any. The East Melbourne and Williamstown had a very good match on the ground of the latter. The East Melbourne scored one goal to their opponents' two, so that the Williamstown remained the victors. The Sandhurst are evidently not going to be behindhand in the football world, as to-day they encounter the Melbourne, who end a team to meet them on their own ground. A good match may be anticipated, and the readers will have an opportunity of seeing some of the best football play that the metropolis can produce. P.S.- Since writing the above I am glad to hear that the sufferer is till progressing favourably. I also wish to correct my remark relative to the meeting of the secretaries of football clubs for the purpose of raising a subscription to defray expenses. The Emerald-hill people have generously determined not to allow any outsider to interfere with the expenses attendant on this accident : but intend to bear them themselves. Nevertheless, I think it would only be acting properly if footballers generally were to do something in the matter, and I think that if the secretaries of the various clubs took the matter in hand there would be very little difficulty in so doing. CARLTON V. SOUTH YARRA;- These clubs play a match to-day at South Yarra. The Carlton players assemble at the Town-hall at 2 p.m. as follows :- Messrs, John Donovan(captain), Ara, Bannister, Blanchard, Bracken, Dismorr, Guy, Gardiner, Kennedy(two), Monie, M'Gibbon, Newing, O'Brien Todd, Whitehead, Wallace, Williams(two) The Carlton Second Twenty play the North Melbourne in the Royal-park. The South Yarra Second Twenty play the Albert-park on the Park ground CHALLENGE.- H. Maning (amateur) of Auckland, New Zealand, would like to run F. Hewitt, for a £50 cup, three distances viz., 150, 200, 300 yards, with the following start in each event, 6, 6, 13 yards. Mr. Maning will be at the Garrick's Head Hotel Bourke-street, on Tuesday next at 3 p.m. prepared to make a scratch. " on Tawip next at 3 pre, 