NEW BOOKS. The Haklayt Society" has published another book of those aingnfar chronicles of old times which are continually coming to light to confirm or to destroy the conclusions or historians. "Beports on the Discovery of Pern" is a translation from the Spanish by Clements ft. Markharo, C.B., of various offi6ial documents, including the " Narrative of the Conquest ofPeru by Francisco de Xeres, Secretary to Francisco Pizarro," written on the spot by command of . his master. The story of Francisco Pizarro and his brothers reads like a romance,^ but it is a romance withthis unconquerable defect, that we cannot admire the hero. Francisco Pizarro was of loworigin, and could neither read nor' •write, yet .by bis own exertions be raised himself from the keeping of pigs to be arbiter of the destiny of kings, and the conqueror of an empire many times larger than that of Spain itself. No one can deny that he was brave, but he was cruel and" treacherous to the last degree. Avarice was his riding -motive. To this he sacrificed alike Mend and foe, and he died at last assassinated by •the followers of an old comrade and companion in arms, ^whom he had first alienated by his .perfidy and- then entrapped and put to death. The discovery of Peru' with its vast population, its-fine roads cut in the rides of the mountains or built up of solid masonry across1 the ravines, its. suspension bridges and its well-developed system of irrigation, must have been an event full of wonder and mystery even in the days when: every riiip that crossed the Atlantic brought back new stories of wonder and mystery. Situated where the Andes rise almost direct horn the coast, and watered only by rapid mountain streams, Pern would have been a sterile : country but for the admirably contrived net work of artificial channels—some of them 500 miles long—which enabled the inhabi tants to cultivate it to the utmost advantage. The plains and the valleys waved with Indian corn. Bananas nestled in the deep gorges; the very mountain sides were terraced, and hung with groves of fruit-trees; while in the higher grounds the potato flourished, and ■higher still flocks of llamas, under the care of shepherds, wandered over the rich pasta rage. The gentle inhabitants, unsuspicious of eyil, received Pizairo with a kindly wel come, feasted him in their beautiful gardens, exhibited their dances, and' with much laughter assisted in planting. the Spanish flag,ditde thinking of the meaning of the ceremony. - Bat the Spaniards had fixed their greedy eyes upon the gold ornaments worn by their entertainers, and we soon find them requiting their hospitality by rifling one of the Temples of the Son of its golden decorations. Pizarro con ceived the idea of conquering the country, and after years of' continuous effort and patient endurance he succeeded. Twice after, with incredible difficulty, procuring a ship and reaching the coast, he found his men decimated by disease, and unable to face tbe Peruvians, who mastered in military order by thousands to resist him. Once, after waiting nine months on a desert island for succour from Panama, the vessel which he had despatched to seek for it brought only orders to return. Then Pizarro, drawing a line on the sand with his sword, turned to his men and spoke thus:—" Gentlemen, this line signifies labour, hunger, thirst, fatigue, wounds, sickness, and every other kind of danger. Let those , who have the courage cross the line in token of their resolution, and as a testimony that they will be my faithful companions, and let those who are unworthy of such daring return to Panama." Thirteen only remained, and Pizarro had to go back to Spain and seek help from Charles the Fifth before he could accomplish his cherished project. On his return to Pern he took advantage of a quarrel between the Yucas for the sovereignty, and offering aid to one of them, Atahualpa, he advanced into the country without difficulty. Then turning upon his unfortunate ally and charging him with treason, he first got a ransom for their monarch from the people, then ordered him to be burned alive unless he should become a Christian; and when the unfortunate king consented to be baptized, only changed the punishment- of 4tarning : for ifeft -of' stranglingr Pizarro -was - great in adver sity, ; but in prosperity he was -the! meanest -of tyrants. He found the country ■a: paradise • when he died it was a wilder-■; nees. Gold was all he cared for,- and gold he obtained 'in abundance, In one year treasure to the -value of . £283,432 -was; .landed in Spain, besides forty-two vases of< gold and ninety-two of silver, : Among the : treasures, we ate told was an eagle of silver. In its body were . fitted two vases and two ; large pots, one of gold and the other of silver, each of -which was capable of containing a cow cut up in pieces. There were also two sacks of gold, an idol of gold the size of a ■ child of four years old, and two small' drams. Spain pud dearly for her ill 'gotten gains. The desire for wealth drained. the country of her boldest men. Her rulers j 'took advantage of their absence, and from, being the freest people in Europe .the Spaniards soon became the most enslaved,< and little more than fifty years after the conquest of Peru , the defeat of the Spanish Armada gave the mastery of the seas to ; the English, and the prestige of Spain was; 'gone. ■ "The life and Times ;of Sixtos V.," by, -Baron Hiibneiy translated, by Mr. Jerning ham, is an interesting .account of a period : closely .connected with that of which we have been writing. All over Europe the Church' of Rome was making new efforts against Protestantism; and Sixtua, one of the ablest of her Popes, watched and directed these effortB from his Papal Chair. In Germany Luther's followers were falling away from the old Church j :m France the national faith trembled in the balance; and in Eag land the accession of Elizabeth had trans ferred the allegiance of the Church from the -Pope to the Grown. Sixtus distrusted Spain, and resented the arrogance of "Olivares, her ambassador. He likea capable people/ and could hot help having a,leaning .towards Henry of Navarre and Elizabeth, even though they were his enemies. -Meanwhile Drake had dared to interfere with Spanish1 galleons, capturing them under the very gunB of Cadiz, keeping alive the Portuguese insurrection, and filling Phillip with alarm for his far-away colonies. : "Nothing was . left-but to organise an expedition, not against the uncatchable Drake, ' Whose swift English clippers' outstripped the Royal Navy,"- but against the " country from which his vessels isaffed.*' Sixtua the Fifth Was an earnest and far-sighted main; he encouraged Philip because it was ' a' war of Catholicism against Protestantism, but he never relied upon him to re build the Catholic faith; he saw that the power of Spain/apparently so .great, was on the decline, and he despised the King for his want of energy. The delays wereinterminable: "' For goodness' sake,' said Sixths 'to the Venetian ambassador, 'let Venice and Rome help each other.: The King mid his _ Armada are beooming ridiculous, while Queen Elizabeth known howto manage her affairs. If that woman were only a Catholic She would: be loved by us more than, any other soyereign, for she has great qualities. See what Drake is "-"..And whhn at last rthe news of "Philip's discom fiture reached .Rome the Pepe foresaw the whole extent of the disaster, and attributed it not so modi to the elements as to the mis management; ofPhilipand the courage of "the valiant woman," as he called Ijer, whom he admired while he hated. " -Lives at EnglishPopular Leaders," by C, Edmund Maurice, is the first of a series intended to include Stephen Langton, Wat Tyler, Sir John Oldcastle, and,Jack Cade, and promises to throw light upon obscure episodes in English history. Stephen Langton was the man of his time. Every child's history tells the first part of his story how he was appointed by Pope Innocent ILL; to be Archbishop of Canterbury; how John refused to have him; how the Pope excommunicated John, lud the kingdom under an interdict, and would have formally transferred it to Prince Louis of France had not John taken fright and surrendered his crown to the Papal legate, receiving it back on his knees as a gift from the Pope of Borne. A man thus forced into power might have been expected to make use of it solely for the advantage of his ' patron the Pope, and Innocent was wofully disappointed to find that Langton was more of an Englishman than a Churchman, and ever preferred the welfare of his country to the Papal authority. Before many years had passed Innocent joined John against his proteg€, suspending Langton from his bishopric, and when he went to Borne to remonstrate keeping: him prisoner there Until hiB own death. But this was not before Langton had done good work; for England. It .was he who taught the Barons to combine, instead of being - each one for himself; and ,-the result was not only the signing of Magna Charts at Bunnymeae, hat the foundation of " the House of Lords, the first steptowards the House of Commons, which was to super sede it. On his return- to- England in the reign of Henry the Third Stephen Langton] j devoted himself to the upholding of that liberty which he had acquired for the people, and to the maintenance of the prin ciple that the redress <>f grievances should precede the granting of taxes. His life was worth writing, and if the other volumes of the work prove as good and as interesting as this, they will form a valuable addition to] our libraries. " A Book of Parliamentary Anecdote" by G. H. Jennings contains many interesting stories and the origin of numerous popular phrases and by-words. "His--Majesty's Opposition" came from John Cam HobhooSe. Lord Thnriow called the Duke 'of Grafton " the accident of an accident," and because the debates in one House were not to be mentioned in the other the term "another place" was used to evade the difficulty. It is surprising to find that many of England's greatest orators began by utter failure. Sheridan was a notable instances He was listened to, -for much was expected from him, but his tongue seemed too thick for manage ment, and nervous agitation made -his speech the more indistinct. He sat down amidst an utter silence. Yet Sheridan-was not die mayed. "I know that is in me," he said, " and"(in more vernacular English than is given by our author) "by it shall come out of me." Disraeli's first speech was a failure. It . excited more laughter than cheers, "and ended in the -now well-known words: — 'I have begun several times many things, and I have often succeeded at last. 1 will sit down now, but 'the time will come when you will hear me.'" On the. other hand, William Pitt -'showed himself from the very first a perfect orator. "The deportment, ease, readiness, and harmonious voice of the elder Pitt were all manifest in the younger Pitt. 'Chip of the old-block,' exclaimed Burke; it is tne old block itself;' and Fox was enthusiastic in his praise, con fessing that Chatham lived again in his son." Fox - himself came out with eclat. He had spoken certainly two months previously, but it was only to a point of order. His first real speech was on the Middlesex petition in reference to the right of the Middlesex electors to return Wilkes. Sir Charles Banbury praised its spirit, Parliamentary language, and con stitutional knowledge. Lord Holland said it waB all off-hand argumentative. Yet at this time Fox was not twenty. He had come up from Newmarket, "where he had been drinking all night, and he had had no sleep at all." "Single-speech Hamilton,'' who took the House by storm with his eloquence, turns out not to have deserved his name, for he made several other speeches in the English Parliament, though none equalled the first; and in the Irish Parlia ment, of which he afterwards became a member, he fully sustained his reputation. Lord Chesterfield's son, Mr. Stanhope, made one speech, and one only. Although he had been carefully trained for the effort by his father he* broke down, and could never be induced to speak again. Lord North's son also made but one attempt, of which he has left us an account. He had scarcely got through two sentences when his memory failed him. " A mist seemed to rise before my eyes," he says. . . . . "I could see nothing but the Speaker's wig, which swelled, and swelled, and swelled till it covered the whole House. I then sank back in my seat, and never attempted another speech." < The \Dxngerous Glasses of New York," by Charles Loring Brace, is a valuable and r practical work by a man who thoroughly i understands hia subject. Mr. Brace has forj eighteen years beenacting as Secretary tq a ■ Society for the reclamatiojrof City Araba of' both eexeai "TbeGhildren's AidS6ciety''soon; realized..the fact, that atborough change ofj circumstances was the Oiily chance' of ' re-■ forming these unfortunates. They began by I founding schools and lodging-houses, but "placing out": has proved the great panacea for the vagabond habits of .this class. Mr. Brace - enters largely into the asylum question, and his final conclusion is, in bis own words, " The plainest fanner's home rather than the best asylum a thousand times." To awaken a demand for the chil dren ■.- circulars , were sent out to all , the country districts. Hundreds of applications from farmers, &C.;, poured in, and the Society has succeeded in finding homes or work for between 20,000 and 24,000 chil-, dren, who have on the whole done exceedingly' well, hardly any of the number returning to the criminal ranks.' The result isa diminution of ciime, which is most satisfactory. Mr. Brace says:—"The most important field of the Children's Aid Society has been among the destitute and street- wandering and tempted little girls, its labours embracing annually many thousands of this unfortunate class.! Has crime inCreasedwith them? The great offence of this class, either as children or as •young women, comes under the heading of 'vagrancy,* this, including their-arrest and. puu&mentMther; as street-walkers Or prosti tutes. or homeless persons. In this there is; during the past 13 years-a most remarkable decrease—a diminution of crime probably! unexampled in any criminal records through' the world." He then gives the rate of' commitments for vagrancy to the city, prisons in these years, showing that for the last eleven they have* steadily decreased,' having fallen from 5,580 in 1860 to 548 in1 1871\. We have already referred to the fact that our Destitute Board is trying this plan, of "placing out." It may be interesting to the members of that Board to know that the voluntary help rendered by the -Children's Aid Society has produced such -excellent results. "Recollections of Society in France and England," by Lady Clementina Dayies, is a pleasant gossiping book. -The Recollections date from the commencement- of the present century, and include love stories, ghost stories, and scandalous stories, all told in a very lively manner. The family-of Lady Clementina Davies had followed James II. into: exile and acquired Frenchmanners andhabits. Her first engagement was to a young French man, Count Maurice de la Fare, -and was earned on according to strict French etiquette. - She says:—" Impediments re-, specting matters : of property caused the -marriage to he postponed from time to time,: so that my engagement lasted for years, and all that time we might have been perfect strangers to each other had it not been for an ingenious devie'e of Count Maurice. Though not allowed to. converse we were allowed to song, and he wonld bring a new song for me to try, the printed words of which were interlined in pencil with what he had to say. This song he would afterwards take away, . but not before I had read the words he had written." The "impediments respecting! matters of property" eventually caused the bresddng off of the engagement, and the lady rejoices over the strict surveillance which prevented her from feeling this seriously. Had they been married it is possible she might have thought differently. Another engagement was to the Baron Yon S.; short, ugly and middle-aged, whose only merit was that he had £15,000 a year; but the temper of her father, Lord Maurice Drummond, "overcame his discretion in the course of the -negotiation, for when the Baron refused to make a settlement upon the young lady if she should elect to live apart from him, her father replied, * Do you really think my daughter would marry an ugly ape like you unless if she chose she could live indepen dently of yon ?' In answer to this rudeness the Baron sent a challenge, "and poor Lady Clementina would have married him to save her father bad hot" the man happily proved a scamp too low to fight with. There is . much in these pages about the eccentric Lady Cork, who at ninety bad a rout, or a dinner-party, or went out every night of ber life. On one occasion ■she invited all-the clever birds of ber acquain tance to exhibit their accomplishments, offer ing a gold collar and medal to the cleverest. This was won by Lady Clementina's bird for the faculty of talking good sense. " Every body wondered at seeing the little creature -going round thetabletasting everything, and if it tookits fancy, saying, 'that's good, that,' at the same time tdriung up its eyes in a most* odd way; while, if it tasted anything which it did not like, it would say, 'that's bad,' and make off as fast as it could, - running all round the table till it came to me." 