THE RIGHT REV. AUGUSTUS SHORT, D.D. A service in commemoration of the 25th anniversary of the consecration of the Episcopate of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short) was held In Christchurch, North Adelaide, on Friday evening, 28th June, the Eve of the Feast of St. Peter. There was a large congregation, the church being crowded in every part. His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, attended by Mr. J. A. Fergusson (private secretary), was present, and there was a large attendance of the clergy. The service commenced with Choral Even Song, and after an appropriate sermon by the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, the Very Rev. Dean Russell presented his lordship with a hand- some pastoral staff, accompanied with the following address : "To the Right Rev. Augustus, by Divine permission, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. "We, your faithful clergy and laity, de- sire on the eve of the 25th anniversary of your lordship's consecration to the episcopal office, to unite with you in thanksgiving to our Heavenly Father for the mercy which has spared you so long to occupy your place as chief pastor of this diocese. During a quarter of a century you have maintained in the midst of your flock, or in their behalf, a ministry of various and most unwearied labor. The contrast between the present condition of our church in South Australia and what it was in 1847.=, affords abundant and sub- stantial proof that your labor has not been in vain in the Lord. Instead of the four clergy of 1847, we have now thirty-eight; and instead of the five original churches, there are now sixty-seven, besides school- rooms and temporary buildings for worship. But you have survived many of your CHARLES TODD, TELEGRAPH SUPERINTENDENT OF THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. best fellow-workers. You now miss from your side some men by whose affectionate spirit your own was often cheered, and in whose ready co-opera- tion you found your heart lightened of its constant burden of care. In the roll of our clergy some names can no longer be found which were most highly honored in the earlier as well as the later history of the diocese. They have obeyed the bidding of a Divine voice which called them to 'come up higher,' and among the laity in our various assemblies your eye will now seek in vain for some trusty comrades and advisers, especially of those belonging to the energetic band of early colonists. They have gone before, as we trust, to make ready to welcome us when our turn comes to 'go hence'* Thus, during your episcopate, new and holy links of sympathy have been formed between the members of the ohurch here on earth, and the blessed company of the faithful in heaven. It is with feelings of deep solemnity, as well as of fervent grati- tude concerning them that have 'fallen asleep,' that we believe you will join with us in the retrospect of a history so full of sacred meaning and interest. Congratu- lating you to-day as our Bishop, our thoughts naturally revert to our diligent fulfilment in the midst of the congregation, of the minis- trations specially appertaining to the office of chief pastor; but, above all, we con- template you as the head of the whole diocese as ruler and overseer. Here we cannot forget how clearly, in reference to the other orders of the Church, you have recognised, and how perseveringly you have labored to assign to them their proper Bphere of influenoe »and duty. You have not been content to be 'a lord ever us,' but have called us to take our proper part in the gene ral work of helping you to « set in order* ali things. The Diocesan Synod will, we trust survive as the best monument of your Epis*, cópate. It has already created parochial endowments, fostered the growth of Heathen Mission and Hörne Mission Funds, and led to the establishment on a satisfactory basis of a Clergy Widow and Orphan's Fund Your lordship was called to the charge of the diocese, in which you had to contend with peculiar, and what must have seemed at the time, unexampled difficulties. Bub you have effectually vindicated the Church from the reproach of . being UB. able to do its work except in dependence on State support. Above all, we rejoice that in this diocese you have been enabled to show to us all so clearly that in all m&t; ters affecting the regular ministration of religion, the interests of the clergy and of the laity are one. How fully the laity have recognised this, they have practically shown in the establishment of a Church of England Endowment Society, which is likely to be a valuable auxiliary to the Synod in its at- tempts to give permanency to existing minis trationp. As another evidence of the spirit of co-operation thus created, it haB been your lordships happiness to live to see the walls of your cathedral rising, and we tiust that» this happiness may be completed, by your being permitted ere lang to consecrate some portion of it to the holy uses for which it is designed. This review of your episco- pate cannot properly dose without advert- ing to the interest you have always shown in behalf of an education at ot ce Christian in its spirit, and duly respecting the consciences of others. The noblest result of this is the Collegiate IS hool cf St. Peter, which, under ita "pre sent principal and able staff of masters, has tikeu tba îoremoâd place among the educa- tional iustitutiwiiH of the colony. Last of all, suffer ns to say that the church over which you presido has, mainly through, your efforts, attained a singrlar privilege, inasmuch as it has formed an institution now self-supporting for the Christianisation of the native population ; whilst among our settlers it alone has extended its ministra- tions to the remotest places in the bush. Such ministrations haye extended in the south-east to the Victorian border j in the west to Streaky Bay ; and in the north to the districts lying within communication with Mount Remarkable and Port Augusta. In long and fatiguing journeys your Lord- ship not only prepared the way for such sus- tained efforts, but again and again sup- plied the place of the missionary clergy when some stress of circumstances had occasioned their temporary withdrawal In the same spirit, in dealing with the vice and misery which are un- happily incident to Ufe in our larger towns, you, in the work of the Female Refuge and other benevolent institutions, set an example which good Christians of dif- ferent communions have gladly followed. But, hot a?y longer to dwell on particulars, if must be matter of deep than kfulne¿a to every member of our church tbac in our first bishop we have had one to whom has been granted so long a term of lifo, and who, through his whole episcopate has BO constantly fulfilled the Apostolic injunction _« Feed the flock of God, as much <»B in you lies, taking th« oversight not by constraint, but willingly.' Is dofs not become us tn criticise or praise your lordship's public and official proceedings j but the act iu which wu are now engag- d would be unmeaning were TELEGRAPH DEPOT, NINETY MILES UP THE ROPER RIVER. liO" lt not;the expression of oar conviction that von have fulfilled your vocation in the spirit of these words of St. Peter. We thank God for yoi» and with you, that your assembled clergy and laity can thus, on the eve of the feast of St. Peter, unite with a clear mind, «nd with grateful feelings, in such a declara- tion. We trust that you may still be .pared for a long time to maintain your place under «the Chief Shepherd of the whole flock of God.' And we pray you to acoept from us, as a visible sign of our filial rever- ence, and as a symbol of your office, this paitoral staff. We are, your lordship's faithful and dutiful clergy and laity. For the subscribers, "A. RUSSELL, "Chairman of the Committee." His LORDSHIP, in acknowledging the pre gentation, said- j «' This pastoral sfca-ff, with which you, my brethren of the clergy and laity, have beeu I LA BELLE YSEULT. -FROM THE VICTORIAN NATIONAL GALLERY. pleased to honor my service oí twenty-five yeats in the episcopate, is an emblem of the office and duties of a bishop not less expressive than appropriate. It is at once the symbol of loving authority and devoted obligation. It has also a twofold aspect and Jigatd. It lifts the thoughts from earth to heaven ; and thence carries them back to the Wilderness of thiB world, in which the dock «Christ, purchased with Hi3 own blood, the Bpecial object of God's care, is still Wandering. It speaks, therefore, 'to the vnoei ear devout' of faithfulness to the Uiief Shepherd; of self-sacrifice, of love »ad tender care ; of vigilance and boldnest Jo defence of his sheep, for whom H( *d down His life ; of the ' ready mind 10 do and suffer in their behalf ioorabg filthy lucre, or that more subtle sin Joe love of power, and dominion over God'i aentage. This staff, then, is the symbol o Wponsibility awful in its nature, and vas in ita extent. It is a teaoher, not of pride, bot humility ; not of boasting, but self abasement,; not of human strength, but carnal -weakness; not of self -reliance, \ but prayer for help from the Spirit of God. In this senBe alone, brethren, dare I receive it at your hands. None know better than yourselves that ' it is a small thing to be judged of man's judgment.' I aooept it, I nevertheless, as a token ef your good will, j If, to use the language of our Ordination Ser ! vice, 1 have been among you as «ashepherd, j not a wo'lf ;' if 1 have fed and not de- voured the flock ; if I have in any measure 'holden up the weak, healed the sick, bound up the broken; if I have brought again the outcast, and sought the lost,' I thank God in this behalf ; and I pray that ' the blood of souls,' perhaps, through my negligence, Lost to t o found no more. may not be imputed to me, for His sake who died for sinners. Again, it isdimcult indeed to be so merciful as not to be too re- miss ; and so to minister discipline as nob to be forgetful of mercy. It only remains therefore that I should ask your prayers, and the prayers of this congre- gation, as well as of the brethren in the diocese at large, that our merciful Father may so endue me to the end of my days with the Holy Spirit, that preaching His word I may be earnest to reprove, beseech, and re- buke, with all patience and doctrine ; and also be to such as believe a wholesome ex- ample in word, in conversation, in love, in faith. That so fulfilling my course, I may at the latter day receive the crown of righteous- ness, which the Lord the Righteous Judge shall give to all who love His appearing ; even our Lord Jesus Christ, who with the Father and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever one God, would without end. Amen. After the Te Deum had been Burig, prayer was offered by his lordship, who then advanced to the front of the dais, and, with the staff in his hand, pronounced the benediction, when the proceedings dosed. The service throughout was most interesting, and very impressive. The singing was cer- tainly admirable. Mr. G. Oughton effi- ciently presided at the harmonium. The offertory was in aid of the cathedral fund. The Bight Be v. Augustus Short, D.D., was born at Brlokham House, near Exeter, in 1803, and is the third son of Charles Short, Esq., barrister-at-law and benoher of the Inner Temple. He was educated at Westminster School and at Christ Church College, Oxford, where in 1824 he took first class honors in classics, and graduated as M. A. in 1826. In the same year he was ordained and took deacon's orders. In 1835 he was appointed Vicar of Ravensthorpe in Northamptonshire, rural dean in 1844 ; Bampton leétürer at Oxford, and first bishop of Adelaide in 1847. In 1836 he married the second daughter of John Phil- lips, Esq., of Colhatn, in Oxfordshire. The pastoral staff presented to his lord- ship ¡was manufactured by Mr. Steiner, is of gothic design, and is divisible into three parts. The handle is of blackwood, and the top is of silver, chased in the old Gothic style. In the centre of the crook is a silver figure of St. Peter, having in his hands the keys and the Word. Lower down are the crossed keys-one of gold and the other of silver; whilst immediately under this is a silver shield, bearing the inscription :-"A. Adelaide. The gift of his faithful clergy and laity. St. Peter's Day, 1872." - Part of the silver is colonial, and the effect of the workmanship is heightened by the many jewels which are set in it, including ame- thysts, topazes, and garnets. The staff may be unsorewed, and placed in a handsome cedar case, which was made by Messrs, May- field and Son. Upon the oover of the oase, above the handle, ls a silver oroBS, and below a shield, with "A. Adelaide" inscribed thereon. The staff was designed by Mr. E. J. Woods, and the design has been admirably carried oat by Mr. Steiner. Our engraving is from a photograph of his lordship taken by Mr. Duryea. THE RIGHT REV. AUGUSTUS SHORT. D D., BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. SEE PAGE 8. 