The Queenslander. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1872. LORD NORMANBY'S remarks at War- <*> wick regarding the value of agriculture, and bis assertion that "what you require in a young, large territory like this is population," will meet with a response from almost every member of the community. And his remarks on the impropriety of the feeling of antagonism which exists between different classes or interests were both well meant and well timed. Whatever may be the feeling of individuals, there is no real antagonism of interest between any two classes. All are alike benefitted by the increase of an in dustrial population. The amount of trade to be divided among our, merchants and tradesmen is increased, thereby giving to each one a better chance of doing an extended or more profitable business. The manufacturers, though few in number as yet, are steadily progressing, and the opening up of a larger market for their goods will greatly assist and stimulate them. The Tanners and market gardeners must in like manner extend their operations in order to supply the increased demands for the articles they grow. But of all classes the pastoral tenants are those who derive the largest benefit from the growth of population in the colony. • Every addi tional laborer, wherever he may settle down, is another customer for their produce. Every new comer is sure to eat beef or mutton. And the greater consumption of meat forms only a small part of the benefit that the squatting interest derives from the general progress of the colony. We all know that the absence of a settled population in or near any large district means high wages, exorbitant rates df carriage, and all the inconveniences, losses, and heavy expenses attendant upon a state of isolation. On the discovery of geld in New South Wales, Mr. Wentworth di rected legislation so as to discourage mining, lest the squatters should be ruined. But his short-sighted policy failed; the influx of population made his fortune for him, and changed the aspect of pastoral affairs for the better. In this colony we have only to refer to the great difference in the cost of working a station on the Burnett or the Condamine, and on the Barcoo or the Flinders, to show the great disadvantages which necessarily arise through the absence of population, and the absolute necessity of all classes joining in efforts to increase the population. With the best efforts upon their part to fully supply the demand for mail accom modation, the P. and 0. Company have not been able, up to the present time, to meet the increasing wants of Australia. The Victorians have seen this, and have given notice to the Imperial authorities that, in so far as Victoria is concerned, the con tract with the P. and 0. Company must end at the earliest date. It is now noti fied that on September 31, 1873, the con tract shall cease accordingly. In the ■ meantime our neighbors are not idle; all sorts of postal schemes have been brought to public notice, in Parliament and the Press, and parties are trying what can be done to encourage trade, expedite the mails and to increase their frequency by the Cape route, by way of California, and by increasing the number of trips by the P. and 0. boats. The Torres Strait* route has also been mentioned, but has not received much favor. Even in Queens* land it is felt that very little beyond a mail service could be expected from that direction, and that for trade purposes, which is our best mark at present, we have better prospects in the direction of Cali fornia than from Java or via the Torres Straits route. The Americans are already taking Australian wool in quantities, and were steam communication regularly opened, sugar, cotton, minerals, timber, and any tropical productions we have to spare would find a ready and an extensive market there. None of the Australian colonies have better reasons than Queens land for opening a permanent trade via California, and when Parliament again assembles we hope to see the subject meet with that consideration which its impor tance calls for. It now seems to be a settled thing that, with the consent of Parliament, the Government will resume eight square miles of land suited for agricultural settlement from the leased portion of all the runs in the settled district of Darling Downs, and throw it open for selection as "homesteads." Under the present Act the area of homesteads is con fined to 80 acres of agricultural or 160 acres of pastoral land, with certain conditions attached of personal residence and of cultivation or fencing before the selector can obtain a deed of grant. The promised scheme mayor may not alter the ex tent of land allowed and the «™vtitmM at present imposed; bat there is no reason to doubt that the selections will be on the homestead principle, and will be restricted to a defined area not exceeding eight square miles in extent on any run. This would practically be reverting to the old Agricultural Reserve system which after being tried was abandoned, the principal difference probably being that the cost of acquiring a title to the land after the con ditions are fulfilled will be less than before. No intimation appears yet to have been made of the intention of Government as regards those parts of the colony not in cluded in the Darling Downs, although the hon. member for Wide Bay called atten tion to the demand for land in a portion of the district he represents, and was in formed to the effect that the subject would be dealt with in a comprehensive Minis terial measure. No one pretends that the ten years' pastoral leases of theDarlingDownsare indefeasible. The existing law allows the whole of the runs, or any portion of one of them not less in area than eight square miles, to be resumed by a resolution of both Houses of Parliament The Govern ment Bill now under process of incubation proposes, it is stated, to throw open for settlement eight square miles of the best land from each run. Whatever course may be adopted, the term of repudiation cannot therefore "justly apply to it. The difference between resuming the part or the whole of one or more runs, or a part of every run in the district, and declaring free selection over the whole of the Dar ling Downs under pastoral tenure, is a dif ference not of principle but in degree. There is no breach of faith in the one ease any more than in the other, and considera tions of public policy and of the general welfare of the people sh«uld alone guide the Legislature in determining what action to take in the matter. The National Schools were opened again on Monday last, and from the numbers of pupils in attendance at both town and* country schools, there is no longer room for doubt regarding the hold which the institution has upon parents. In some districts, notoriously at the Brisbane schools, at Kangaroo Point, Maryborough, and Toowoomba, the schools were incon veniently crowded, and the rules regu lating the age of admission had to be enforced, and many pupils rejected. But the remedy for this is with, parents themselves. They have but to subscribe one-third of the amount necessary for en larging their school to any extent The Board of Education supply the other two thirds and the requisite teachers to carry on the. school efficiently. It is a great privilege, which it were sinful to overlook, and which calls for the beat efforts of parents and guardians in every locality where the schools are over- crowded. The municipal elections for the current year take place on Tuesday next, and it is satisfretttry to observe the interest which is attached to them. In Brisbane the West and North Wards are to be contested, and good men have been elected for the other wards. In Ipswich, Toowoomba, and other towns keen contests are expected, and we are glad of it For some yean there has been absolute apathy in connection with municipal affairs, and consequently anyone who desired a seat could get it Indeed, in some instances there were no candi dates, and appointments to fill the vacan cies had to be made by Government By such means,1 several veritable crawlers obtained seats, who could neither take care of tbeir own nor public property, and who would not have the ghost of a chance now, when the ratepayers have amongst the candidates active, steady business men, who, in the management of their own affairs, give a guarantee of fitness for the trust which they solicit from the rate payers. Sulphuretted hydrogen is a compound of much service to chemists of an experi mental torn. It is a nasty smelling com pound, tbe prevailing odor of which is not unlike that of rotten eggs. But nasty though it be, sulphuretted hydrogen gives the desired tone to several mineral wells in England and Scotland, and for some months past it has been served out liber ally to the ratepayers of Brisbane who depend upon the Enoggera Reservoir for their water supply. Although all very well as a chemical compound, and said by medical men to be useful in many kinds of disease, sulphuretted hydrogen is not de sirable in the kitchen. It spoils tea, makes all that it touches more or less disagree able, and for those reasons it is not wonder ful that the citizens of Brisbane are well nigh disgusted that it should be forced upon them. But from the accumulation of decaying organic matter in the reser voir—matter derived from vegetation swept in from the surrounding scrubs, and from dead fish and other sources, there is no probability of the supply being shortened while the warm weather lasts. It is said that the Waterworks Board intend to try and filter the water before it enters the pipes, but this cannot be effective while the pipes are coated with slime, every square foot of which gives off a sufficiency of the compound referred to to taint several hogsheads of water. There is nothing for it bat home Alteration, purify ing with lime and charcoal, or boiling the water and exposing it to the air. In the quantities supplied, there is nothing speci ally dangerous in the water, although it is very disagreeable, and for that reason and to lessen tbe supply of sulphuretted hydro gen in the future, the Board should do what they can to keep back dead matter from the reservoir by gratings in the creeks or other means, and also, if possible, to dis charge a few loads of quick-lime into the reservoir before the hot weather again de velops the compounds of which the citizens are now complaining. By telegraph there is another horror in connection with the Polynesian trade. H.M S. Basilisk has picked up a disabled schooner off the coast and taken her into Kockingham Bay, with a freight of starv ing and dead islanders. There were no white men on board, and the sur roundings look as though a case of direct slave landing has been attempted upon our coast by a vessel from Fiji. Truly dangers and ghastly details con nected with the islander trade are increas ing at a rate which calls loudly for its soppnssion* Could not some other patriotic citizen be found with sufficient courage to test in public court whether the owners of curs or dogs of any kind are or are not responsible for accidents or injuries caused by the manoeuvres of these pests ? Mr. J. Camp bell, of Brisbane, has had the question decided that a person laying matter of any kind upon a road-way, and which may injure anyone or frighten hones or other animals, is liable for all the consequences. This is a most important decision, and public thanks are due to Mr. Campbell for his efforts in getting it. Could injuries inflicted by dogs be placed upon the same footing, there would be some prospect of seeing the barking, snarling hordes of curs which infest the highways and byeways reduced to something like orderly numbers. Perhaps the advertiser who recently offered in the Courier " £50 to anyone who would secure him a Government situa tion with £150 per annum," thinks him self a respectable man—one who is above doing a mean thing, or in the language of a forlorn correspondent who writes us this week, " doing menial work for a bare sub sistence." fle may think so. Other people don't. In our opinion he offers a premium for corruption. There is plenty of work available, at which a man can earn £40, £50, or more per annum, and there are not men enough to do it; but there are scores, perhaps hundreds, lounging about the town or sponging upon acquaintances, under the plea that they want respectable employ ment, which means.something under the Government, or a clerkship of some sort. As though rail-splitting, farm work, or country work of any kind is not quite as respectable as begging or doing something worse for the privilege of existing under the patronage of Government or some office in town. It is this sort of feeling which keeps so many idle and badly paid men about the centres of population, while em ployers of labor at a distance cannot get the help they require. 