PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. ' st. george's iiall " Hamlet," as played last night to a fair; audience, at St. George's Hall, was the reverse of enjoyable. The only part which deserveB any sort of commendation waB that of the Ghost, sustained by Mr. Warde. He looked the character, and delivered the words of the part with excellent effect. The King (Mr. Ireland), Polonius (Mr, Dunn), Laertes (Mr. ' Appleton), Horatio (Mr. ' Glad stone), tho Queen (Mrs. Bryer), and; Grave- diggor No. 1 (Mr. Grevillo), had to play to so weak a Hamlet, that no wonder they grefr dispirited. Hamlet was a wet blanket, and Ophelia followed suit. We have seen Hamlet better played, so far as the leading characters were concerned, in places of amusement where seats in the reserved por tions cost not more than 2d. mr. greville's benepit. Mr. J. R. Greville has made himself snch a general favorite, that the bare announce ment of the fact that he takes a benefit to- night at St. George's Hall will be quite suf ficient to secure a bumper audience. Tho acknowledged merits of Mr. Grevillo aro quite sufficient to make the occasion most pleasant and most paying, let us hope. The programme is a good - one, "Taming of tho Shrew" will be first - presented, and Miss: Raynsr, with Mr. Bennee, will sustain the leading parta. Then ' ' Demosthenes Dodge'.' will bring Mr. G. Coppin to tho front with a supply of vocal comicalities, and after wards Mr. Greville will do Sam Winkle in ; the famous comedy, of "Checkmate.'.' A lioeral sapply, with no advance in the prices of admission. the polytechnic Mr. Douglass should have no reason ::to complain of th# patronage received by .him last night) for the hall was as full asit'c'piild well do. The play of " Belphegor" went: capitally, Mr. Donglass achieving a most um doubted success. The audience were by no! means chary in the bestowal of applause;: Mr.1 Collier, to our thinking, never acted better than he did last night in the part pf Lararonnes. Mr. G. E. - Hymcs) for an ama teur) essayed the part of Fanfarronade very respectably. In singling out these names, we must not be supposea to mean that others 1 of the hard-working company did not do well, the truth being that both ladies and gentlemen made a good impression from the manner in which they severally enacted their parts. We believe that Messrs. Keith and Phil-- lipB purpose offering for sale to the Acclima tisation Society the lions, oheetahj'and silver jackiill, lately exhibited to the public. Should the society be desirous of speculating in suoh fancy articles, the opportunity is, we should imagine, a good one. . 