HOW THE LAMBS ARE POISONED— POPISH BOOKS INTRODUCED TO CHILDREN BY SERVANTS. A sabbatii School Teacher continues his ex tracts from the Avorks of that great author. Father Furniss, C.S.S.R., published by James Duffy, 7 AVellington Quay, Dublin, date 1870, wherein Father Furniss endeavours to prove these stories on the gieat works of religion are illustrated by the Word of God. In book 3, page 7, section 7, is the following : "the conversion of ijridaet. " St. Catherine Avas praying for a poor sinner, Bridget, Avhon, behold ! she heard a voice come out of the tabernacle, where .Tesus Avas in the blessed sacrament. That voice Avas the voice of Jesus Christ, and thus Jesus spoke to St. Cathe rine : 'My dear Catherine,' Jesus said, 'I have heard your prayei. I am glad. I thank you for praying for the poor Bridget, because it is my providence that Avhen anybody prays for sinners I have pity on them and convert them. It is Avell that you have prayed for Bridget ; for she Avill soon die ; aud, if you had not piayed for her, she Avould have died in her sins, and gone to hell. But now, since you have prayed for hex, I Avill have mercy on her, and convert her. ' ' God said he Avould destroy the people of Israel, if Moses had not stood before him to turn aAvay his AVi.ath.' — Ps. 105.) Tho folloAving day Bridget Avas Avalking along one of the streets. Her mind, as usual, Avas on vain and evil things. '"The Avay of a man is not his oavxx.' — Jei. 10 ; for, behold ! suddenly a thought, a light from heaven, came into her soul. ('Thou, 0 Lord, enlightenestAA'onderfully.'— Ps. 7.5.) Slxe remem bered her sins, and the light of God showed her the frightful, the teiTible state of her soul. 'All its beauty is departed, it is beeome vile, it is covered Avith darkness.' — Lam. ii., 3.) 'My God,' she said, 'Avhat a Avicked creature I have been !' She tlxeix made the most fervent act of coixtrition, axxd Avent to confession. She felt ashaixxed to tell some of her sins, but she did not mind the shame : she told them all. Then she humbly asked the priest to give her absolution, and pardon her through the precious blood of Jesus Christ, Avho had died for her. Then came the pi'iest's absolution — 'By the authoxdty of Jesus Christ, I absolve thee from thy sins, iix the name of the Father, axxd of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. ' Iix that moment the virtue and the poAver of the blood of Jesus came into her soul, axxd her sins Avent away as darkness goes aAvayAvheix the light comes. ('Whose sins ye shall fox'givo, they arc forgiven them.' — ,Tohn20.) Soon aftevAVxird.s- Bridget died. St. Catherine Avas agaixx ixx the chapm, and again she heard the voice of Jesus Christ from the taberxxacle. ' My dear Catherhxe,' Jesus said, 'the poor Bridget for Avhom you j)xayed is dead ; she made a good coix- feesioxx ; her sins Avere fox-givexx ; antl noAV her soul is ixx pui'gatory. You shall go doAVix Avith your angel guardiaix to purgatory, and see her soul." Ixx page 9, section 8, is — "a ansit to purgatory. "When the dooi'S of purgatory were open to St. Catherhxe axxd the iixxgel, the first thing she saAv Avas fire. Never before had she seexx such a dreadfxxl, ragixxg, pierchx", tormentuxg fire — a fire Avhich penetrated and burixt the inxixost soul. It seexned as if the llames of hell could not burn more fiercely thxixx the iiaxncs of pui-gatory. ('The arx'OAVS of the Lord Jiro ixx me, and the rago of them drixxketh up my sixirit. — Job 6.') She saAV maxxy coixntless nxultitudes, thick as the leaves of the forest in the flames of purga tory. She saAV there evexx some Avho had led most holy lives in this aa'orld. There are fcAV, aery foAV, avIxo go to heaven Avithout first going to purgatory. ( ' For if the stars are not pure in His sight, how much less the soul of mortiil man.' — Job 25.) All these souls looked very patient ixx their suflexings, and resigned to tlxe AvOl of God. Their prayer Avas over, 'O, my God, thy will be done' (Mat. 6). They seem to rejoice in their sufferings, Avlxich bring them eaclxmomeixt nearer to heaven. ('God is coxn- passionate, and Avill fox-giam sins in the day of tribulatioxx.' — Ec. 2nd.) So, lilcc St. Paul, they say : ' Thy rod, 0 God, has comforted nxe ' (Ps. 22.) She saw that ixx the midst of their suffer ings. They kxiexv that God loved them and Avas Avith them. ('I Avill fear ixo eAuls, for thou art Avith me.' — Ps. 22.) They kxxew that theix suftex- ings Avould sometime come to aix end. Many times they Avere gladdened by tho -visits of tlxe dear angels of heaven, Avho refx eshed them as tho doAvs of the night refresh the thirsty plant, or xis, wlxexx Jesus avxxs in an agoxxy of sutferixxg ixx the Garden of Gethsemaxxe, axxd his sweat became as drops of blood trickling doAvn upoix the gi-ouxxd, then there appeaied an axxgel from heavexi, giving him sti-eixgth (Luke, 22) ; or as, when Jesus hixn- self, after his dexith oix the cross, went and spoke kuxd words to his dear soul in nurcatorv (1 Peter, 3)." In page 10, sectioix 9, Avill be found — "lioav souls ik purgatory are helped. "It seemed that many souls went toheaveix before the time fixed for their puixishmexxt Avas cixded. (' God deli A'ei-ed them oxxt of their dis tresses.' — Ps. 105).. Of these she fouixd that some had' themselves, aa'hexx alive, prayed much for the souls ixx xnix'gatory. (' Blessed iixe the xxxercifnl, for thoj' shall obtain mercy.' — Mat 5.) She perceived that they rejoiced especially whexx the Holy Mass Avas said for them, and the pre cious blootl of Jesus Christ offered for them on tlxe altax, Avhcn they saAV day by day souls taken from the midst of them, out of this terrible pri son, and going to hcaveix oix account oi that holy sacrifice. She sxxav the prayers for Avhich the Church has givexx iixdulgences for the souls in purgatory. For exaxnple, the prayer of Jesus, Mary, Joseph, "I give you my heart and my soul," for Ax'-hich there ax-e one hxxudred days of indulgence for tho souls in purgatory. Long and fervently did the souls in purgatory pray for those who on earth prayed for them." Here we have the teaching of the Church of Rome. Is it of Goil or ixxiin ? Tho Apostle John, in his first Epistle, might well say : " Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whe ther they ax-e of God ; because many false pro phets are gone out into the woild." 