LITERATURE. The Magazines for January. THE arrival of the mail steamer, Nubia, has placed us in possession of our usual files, from which it appears that the Magazines show no signs of retro gression, but, on tho contrary, promise to be as in teresting in 1872 as they were in the previous year Several new tales have been commenced, and, of course, according to custom, a plentiful crop of lovers' troubles, of heart- breaking incidents, and of final denounements ore in store for readers, and all warranted to take placo before the end ot next December. Such are the pleasures of serial litera ture. GOOD WORDS contains the opening chapters of two new stories by veteran writers -Mr. Trollope and Mrs. Oliphant-the tale told by the former being entitled tbe 'Golden Lion of Granpere,' while that by the latter is called ' At His Gates.' Messrs. Strachan and Co., spare neither expense nor pains to make their publications interesting to the readers for whom") they cater. Mr. Trollope's story is intendod, we should think, chiefly to depict life as it appears in Alsace. The following picture of Granpere shows what we presume Alsatian villages are, or at least what they might be, if the fancies of the novelist were to be realized in fact: Granpere in itself Is a very pleasing village. Though the nmount of population and number of houses do not suffice to mako it moro than a village, it covers so largo a space nf ground as almost to give it a .claim to town honours". It is perhaps a full milo in length': and though it has but ono street there are buildings standing hore and ther.i, bank from tho line, which makes it seem'to stretch beyond the narrow confines of a single thoroughfare. In most French villages sonia nf the houses aro high and spacious, but here they seora almost all lo bo so. And many of thom have boon con structed after that independent fashion which always gives to a house in a street a character and importance of its own. Tbey do not stand in a simple lino, each suoported by tho strenath of its neighbour, but occupy their own ground, fac ing this way or (hat ns each may plonso, presenting hero a corner to tho main street, and there an end. There aro little gardens, and bij stables, and commodious barns ; and porlodioal paint with annual whitewash is not wanting. Tho unstinted slates shino copiously under tho sun, and over almost every other door ihoro is a large lettered Hoard which indicates that tho resident within is a dealer in the linen which is produced throughout the country Ail Iheso things togethor give to Gran pore an air of prosperity nnd comfort which ia not at all checked by tho f.ict that there is in the place no mansion which wo líugli-hmon would call tho gentleman's huuso, nothing approaching to tho ascondancy of j» varish squire, no haroa's castle, no inmortal hall,-not oven a chateau to overshadow the niodojt roofs of tho dealers in tho linon in the Vosges. And tho scenery round Oranporo is very pleasant, though tho neighbouring hills never riso to tho magnificence of mountains, or producs that grandeur which tourists desire when they travel in search of tho beauties of Saturo, it is a spot to love if you know it well, rather than to visit with hopes raised high, and to loavo with vivid impressions. Thore is water in abundance :- a pretty lake lying at tho feet of Bloping hills, rivulets running down from tho high upper lands »nd turning many a modest wheel in their course, a waterfall or two hore and there, and a so-called mountain summit within an easy distance, from whenco tho sun may bc seen to riso among the ¡Swiss mountains :-and distant perhaps three miles from tho village tho main river which rii'is down tho valley makes for itself a wild ravine, just whore tho mulgo on tV.o new ro%d to Munster crosses tho water and hops to excuso tho people of Granpere for claim iDg for themselves a great object i f natural attraction. Tho bridge nnd the river and th i ravine aro very pretty, and perhaps justl'y all that the villng»rs say of thom when they sing to tia vdu rs tho prai es of their country. There is much pleasant rending in the present number in addition to ttie first instalment of the now stories. THE COUXHILL continues the story of the Ple biscite, und coi.tinues it in a most interesting man ner. Tbe article entitled ' Spain ; Her Manners and Amu3omonts,'á¡B, aa we might expeot it to be, a light an I readable article, but, withal, eminently sugges tive of the Bemi-civilizittion of tho Spanish people. There must ba some element of horror in tho com position of a peoplo who can take dolight in bull lights ns they nre now managed in Spain. It appears that at these pastimes nothing but aotual carnage will please and satisfy the taste» "*. a multitude. Exhibitions of this dort will ». ÍT' dort will WA soon go out of fashion even in Spain, and c6Itó!!9, they would not be tolerated in Sydney. Th 7 not posseca even the equivocal merit of h' encounters betweon a skilful horseman, and a Î5 animal, but are merely exhibitions of carnaea a 1 butchery. We must not, however, ba too hard n» the Spanish pooplo, who regard bullfights as th national pastime, seeing that we havo ourown fights and bruising matchea, in which two men f the sake of money, do their best to hatter each 'otk into shapeless and swollen masses of flesh and M. J while a certain circle stand round, and coBstitnt an applauding public. Whilst theBe things con tinue amongst us, and are applauded by m ¡¡ would be at least discreet on our partß to say but little about the barbarism of the Spaniards Th writer of the paper alluded to says that of a bull! fight : An honest description would be sickening. It WOttij v. picture of a shambles ; a lively sketch of a knacher'» tíSt' something that would not be allowed tobo hung un in Smithfield taproom. It may seem unfair to say that ti,* modern bullfight is a show where people go to see hint down cabhorses ripped up by half-wild bulls. But thilba exact truth nevertheless ; and the proof of His that »11T promises, all displays of trainod bulls or bull's with tffl horns : mere feats of manly agility and grace, uoaccnm panied with downright slaughter, flanks streaming withm» and entrails trailing in the dust-all such display« nf Si torture forms no part, fall utterly flat, and hardly tatet t«t patronage. The yells for 'caballos'whon the cantara n» short, show what the public want; and they aro contenu! wait for tho concluding chapter, tho butchery of the boll till they have seen somo moro ncrews kicking in anguish limn tlie sand. Anciently, as still in theory, tho bullfight w/j» combat betwoen a well- mounted and skilful horseman silk assistants on foot, and a wild animal. But lt has ¿egete. rated, like everything oise, till the pleasure of Beehwi screw's side turned to receive the bull's horns has become ll! essential pleasure of tho holiday. If tho bull stops to gore ! half-dead horse, in running round tho arena, there is a gene ral laugh. The paper entitled * Hours in a Library ' and which is devoted to Thomas Fuller, opens with a passage which serves to convey a very clear idea of the contrast between the art-resources of the present day, and those of a few hundred years ago. The writer says : In tho present enlightened period tho road to learning ii carefully macadamized. All hindrances are swept aside, and ©very appliance used to help tile tottering footsteps towardi the desired goal. Gravo professors condescend to set u guides to infants, and cunning artists beautify ever; halting, place with glowing pictures, designed with the strictest regari to historical accuracy. So at least I am informed, and, aili duty bound, I believe the change to bo an improvement. To me, however, it happened that in ono department of learnii; the text-book of ray infancy wai of tho old-fashioned kit! Such knowledge as I possessed of tho geography of the Holj Land was derived from the pages of a goodly folio, «Ith corer blackened hy tho thumbs of some six generations of risien, and with grotesque engravings which would revolt a crltlcu instinct ripened by three modern summers. These hil affected to be maps of the territories of the twelve tribes ol Israel It was impossible to doubt of the fidelity of the Ioctl colouring, for the trees by which they wero prolnselj sprinkled bad been obviously copied to the life from that peculiar species which still flourishes in our Noah's arti; certain graven images preserved in tho came museum vouched for the truth to nature of sundry interesting mon sters-tho ravens, for instance, whicli were bringing large rolls for a very small prophet-and the bears who were tear insr tho forty-two children to (as I must confess) my new failing delight. There was indoed. no great need (or tbs geographer to pourtray ' elephants for want of towns ' Tbi smallest village was indicated hy a cluster of distinctly, drawn houses, and in the intervals the various incidents ol Old Testament history crowded every vacant space. When other objects were wanting tho arms of the tribal trete blazoned with duo heraldic accuracy : Dan, for example, hid for his cognizance, vert, a snake or adder ardent nowed; and Issachar an ass argent in a field vert, couchant between tm burdens : though lt is fair to add n. certain approximation ta the historical sense was indicated by the statement that Dan could not have an eagle for'his crest, for the excellent reason that crests were ' not invented in that age.' The natani history however was more exciting than tho heraldry. MACMILLAN'S MAGAZINE haB the commencement of a story which promises to be of unusual interest, and whioh rejoices in the Bomewhht extraordinary title of ' The Strange Adventures of a Phmton,' A family party having determined to travel from Hampshire, as far northwards as the necessities of the tale may require, start on their journey. The machinery is ample, and it would appear from tis following extract that the writer's descriptive powers are quite equal to the task he has undertaken.^ We expect much pleasant reading from Mr. Black's pen in this story. The party are in their phoaton which has iust started on its adventures from a coaching house in Holborn. A little tossing of hoads and prancing, a little adjastmeot of tho reins, and a final look round and then we glide into w» wild and roaring' streum of vehicles-that mighty eUTREI1,.J ro'ling vans, and heavy waggons, and [crowded Mj*" omnibuses, of dexterous hinsoms and indolent lour-wneeten, of brewer's drays and post office carts and roste<ropjgen barrows. Over the great thoroughfare, with its (jnslnt »ra huddled houses, and its innumerable shops, m which «nw watches and stockings, and sausages form pr°ml°" features, thero dwelt a line blue sky and whito oouds w» SRem oddly discoloured. The sky, seen through ft c»T??"! of mist and smoke, is only gray, and tile clouds are ü«w» and dusky and yellow, like thoso of an old lands,MP7.,.. has lain for years in a broker's shop. Then there ls a ro" glow of sunlight Thining along tho houses on «io non»« sido of tho street ; and here and thor« the window cl »» lobster shop or tavera glints back tho light. A8ff?f¿¡ farther westward, the sky overhead gets clearer, ann character of¿ the thoroughfare alters. Hero wa aro streot leading up to tho British Museum-a Mudlo an» Moses on each hand-and lt would almost seem as « Museum had sont ont rays of influença to croití¡arouna ? serio* of stmller collections. In ploco of tho hnmWw» monger an.d tho familiar hosior, we iiavo owners or larg» , dows filled with curious treasures of art^la-f«"10"le, jowollery, knick-knacks of furniture, silver spoonsi ana w» and statoly portraits of the time of Charles H.. «" * b tho women havo all beaded black eyes, yellowr. V and a falso complexion, whilo the men a« ff| pompous, and wigged. "Westward still, T\\(tt approach tho hugo shops nnd warehouses of"""!^!..,», where the last waves ot fashionable life, seeking f""^¿ beat on tile pastern barriers that filme out tho re« w ^» ü Itegont- strcot is busy on Ihis quirt afternoon ; and ne» ^ in a whisper whether tho cmntri man of Olnebet, 0[ ting behind us, rices not betray in his oyes what hewn ^ this vast snow of wealth. Listening for a raorneni, « ^ that Queen Titania, instead of talking to Wo lut shops, is trying to tell him what London was in w j century, and how Colonol Jack and his associates, oeT enterprising youth startod to walk from London iu¡dJ bur*h to avoid tho law, used to waylay t rave J lera ¿í1 V1" obwt between Gray's Inn and t. Pano.as, and how, »ww* )W a coacli between Hyde-park Gate and KnightsTiu* &m; 'wont over tho fields to Chelsea.' This display jo» " fcre. on tho part of my lady ha3 evidently beon VT^T? .,. ,Bd hand ; for sho ovou goes tho length of Q«otIa£ ° " is» furnishing a few statistics-a thiug which no m» k(f inadvertently. Howovor, when we got into *»u:"_etiCiil Ignorance of tho names bf tba clubs reveals »°. "Í^MÍ» nature of lier acquirements ; forevon Bell is ftUi «Mlnrs of th« tho Reform, assisted, doubtless, by tho polished ?"blch ij Carlton. Tho women aro, of course, eager'to «""J. ."¡te» tho Prince of Wales's Club; and thpn look wnu i^ peculiar interest on tho brick wall of Marlborough « The rest of the story, so far as it basi go»j¡¡¿ equally well told. Similar praise is fairly to the writer of ft paper on the ourr"'Vr (ha ballads of Ireland. The writer aooounti « origin of a great deal of Iri8h ballad *lT¡% the hypothesis indicated in the following ww ? ,. M h» nnted that tho Irlali street-ballad has nothing ^Ävne and paper in common the Catnach doggrel . but bf.Í hSÄ vagabonds who hawk gall »ws and gutter tm by t'^fSdoh It is rarely, indood, coarao ; it is "^'^.ido^btapheaioiiB. The ruffians in co lego ne«r '°ru.3;iton(î ¿ark meetings, chanting a mock litany gowns who h.^Le7°Xld bo stripped of their trappings, and ùniT,t ^SJ^pnmp by Irish mob before they had ^^S^^^^nMm of theIr entertainment veil roareo wrougu ballad-monger and singer never I 0 Seat or irreverent allusion. They enjoy, fun, M%T .nd a" odd kind of gentility-ypa gentility is the plth/ '." the verses The ballads aro thickly ornamented Ä ° words thrown into thom for tho sake of display v Brt«n of sense . They have an air of SSS boastful scholarship, that is quite indescribable ?f %.". tn classic deities and names aro abundant ; and Cn , vld and Homer aro alluded to in a tone of confident lÂtocô with these writers. The f»ct is. that most of fhTnlder bailada were manufactured by tho hedge-school L^Äd poor scholars, as they were called. Tho hedgo SmSer was not unfrcquently on aspirant for admission î« XTooth who undorwent a severe course of solf- prepar ÍüoaVacá«hing some knowledge of Latin and Uroek Se failed in his main enterprise, having discovered that vXrlno 'vocation,' th« rejected or disappointed candidate ?«r the nrWsthood, unfit for field labour, and too old to learn . trade nossessing pedantic pride in his learning, such as it «.usually sot up as a teacher of tho rustics, and as tho S bard and poet of his parish. To him we are probably nnebted for the mythological machinery of tho ballad. This dement lias been maintained in tho current lyrics with singular flaeii(y to the traditional construction of the lays of the ditch-pedagogues. Amongst the samples of ballad minstrelsy which he giveB, is the following correct version of the song caliea Molly Astore which, on account of the beauti ful and flowing, melody to which it is usually sung, may be beard with slight variations in a'l lands from Britain to Japan: As down on Banna's banks I strayed Ono morning in May, The little birds with blithest notes Made vocal every spray : They sung their little tales of lovo, They snng them o'er and o?or. A grammach iee, Ma Colleen Oguo, Ma Molly Astore. The daisy pied and all the sweets The days of nature yield, Tho primrose pale, the violet blue. Lay scattered o'er the hold ; Such fragrance on tho bosom lies Ol her whom I adoro. A grammachree, Ma Colleen Ogue, ' Ma Molly Astore. Oh, had I all the flocks that grazed On yonder yellowhill, Or lowod for me the numerous herds That yon greon pistures fill, Forker I love I'd freely par , My kind and fleecy (.tore. A grammachree, M* Colleen Oguo, Ma Molly Aston ! Then fare thee well, my Molly dear, For theo I'll over mourn ; While life remains in Patrick's breast, For thee 'twill ever burn. Tho' thou art false, may heaven pour li's choicest blessings down. A grammachree, Ma Colleen Ogue, Ma Molly Astore. ET. PAUL'S is distinguished by the first of a series of papers on Literary Legislators, which promise to ba of great interest. The present paper endeavours to disprove the nonsense which the writer tells us has been freely uttered respecting the early oareer of Mr. Disraeli. He tells us that It ls utter nonsense to writo of his having begun lifo as a solicitor's doric, and then as a friendless young adventurer, struggled upwards through poverty and one knows not what. I think I have seen somu such language as that, when Mr. Disraeli wrote- ' Ixion in Heaven ' he ' snapped his fingers at the werld in ragged bedevilment.' What next? Mr. Disraeli was from tho first, 'in society,' to use the ordinary language; lie had the highest culture of his day to start with ; he had travelled ; he had easy access to rich and influential people ; he was never poor, in tho true adven turer's sense of the word (I speak, not from any knowlodgo of his purse, which is no business of anybody's, but from the nature of the case) ; and in a word, granted his great capaci ties, there were no extraneous difficulties in his path, except his Hebrew doscent. And there are two sides even to that .question, for- again granting his groat capacities-there was an element of fascination in it, as woll as of repulsion The story of the man's life and achievements is quito remarkable enough without any ot this exaggerating and inconsistenl twaddle. I venture to assort that tho exact position of Mr Disraeli would have been impossible to him if there had beer any 'ragged bedevilment ' in tho case. To pursue his precise career it was an absolutely essontial antecedent conditior that a man should bo born a gentleman, should have culture and travel, should have a k>y to 'society' within his caí] reach if not in his grasp, und should not be poor in any sucl sente RJ would magnify the achievement of becoming a verj prominent political figure. 'Among the Hebrides' is pleasantly and doscrip tively written. The writer says : Itis difficult to convey to a stranger's mind tho utter lono Uness and desolation of tho whole landscipe of which Loci uribol forms a patt. Wild weltorlng arms of sea-water witl deep-red stains and blotches of outlying weed ; flat, grcon unwholesome islands strewed with slck'y groystono ; vos stretches of low moorland, broken by white gleams of fresh water Jochans, wh- mce tho wild seu-dnck arise with a startice wy ; larger fresh-water lochs, very shallow and black, witl Bigantic boulders and crass rising out of thom like jaggei iii,' tho ni8uer bills purple with heather at the base an< nimrlle, but rising abruptly into peaks of lurid granite ; sucl ate some of the features which &triko; the oyo where nothin îh8!6",8170 in aetal1- whoro thero is no general effect sav "lat of a map, or of tho sea in storm as seen from a motin tain. Tho provalling tone of all is a dreamy grey-tho gre; « tUo rain-cloud which floating hither over tho Atlanti All i m6 into darIt vaP°ur and wreaths of wool-whito mis! »ii i » solotnn, colourless, save whoro the Bun transform au into wondrous brightness ; save whero the thundorstort ii vf. ' wlth lts BrlRht purple voids and forked crimso hf,.13 î^wknre tho rainbow, boro glittering with all th uues of the prism, st»rt3 out «f tho sea Uko a spirit, an nni V í? i an8wer to a spoil, rainbows innumerable issu nv« »¿ i , 1,in8 vapours ana spread themselves gliiterin iT. . 163, 0n overy Eido stretches tho sea, with its resi muJï , ! }° tho eBst tho Mindi, with a f«,r-ofT view e misty »yk0 ¡ to tho west, tho Atlaatio Ocean, thundering o ffi « 3 y Bhastly in tint as a dead man's face. Th «mi Í, . msn'» few, and scattered in tho mostlonol »nu unexpected recesses. At a first approach, there is scarcol » sign of hunnnity, unless indeed tho red-sailed flshinf .mni,- fawl,inS out to tho lobster bed in the sea, or th tary hill heathor Ire be rising from the sidos of thc sol thíÍíaht' ,wl,,ch. beautifies and spiritualizes all oarthl 3""d scenes, is lovely on Loch Uribol ; aud tho wil X« Si out!ílle3 of land und water grow terribly pathetic i èsc»nnlet? .í'8"' of tUB raoon and tho fluttering phospho our h ? thu aurora- As wo creep along up tho fjord i tW. ' hearke"lng to tho solitary song, the prospei nain.. ,ar0UQ,î «a as in some fairy tale. Hound dusk their",i t0 tko cormorants flutter their wings and prec show.? i "e in tho moon : through shallow bays with sane! hlshlnrl ,°,n tho heron stalks like a ghost, knee- deep, wit rorer!.?». SUadow lu tho silvern pool, and whoro the mi throng ? are n?,dr°PS of pearls in tho shimmering tidi derla! »?larrow bJ.ack Punges whero tho sea-pigs ate floui u»"ûg with unearthly noises. ~WQ may vory well compare thia description wit g,otlpoe.n} entitled «Winter in tho Highlands i doa» li °f course> but:any other highlands woul th¡0 _ V wnich appears in Cassoll's Magazine f< »18 month. The Bard says : - ' NW8ÓunV0,lnd 0n tho 'wl"toneu m°ors, nover a footati tïâennife for many a milo around ; Saow-flakA. t H°y, no voioe sav0 tho wailing plover's cry, toi lcaâon k ° g turoueU th0 air't0 tUo sround, fra Never a tread save the rad wild deer's, in the lone, deserted glen, Ho curling smoke from a cottage roof, no track, no sign of men ; But tho goshawk sails 'o'er the wide expanse, and tho merlin circles wide As ho marks lils prey, and the eagle soars to the crags on the mountain sido. Grand are these Highland solitudes, dressed in their robo of snow. Grand are tho white-wreathed mountain peaks, as they tower o'er the vales below ¡ Grand, too, is Nature's winter hymn, and her silent voico sublima. As she gratefully chants her pram of praiso to the God who ruleth Time. The publications of all sorts of Quarterlies and Monthlies, and Y/oeklies, and Fortnightlies, whioh swarm from the press during this month, aro so numerous, that the mere mention of their names would Bwell the notice beyond the limits assigned to it, awd thorooy exclude what to roadors, perhaps would be more interesting matters. Amon»st the new serials, we notice the ' Congregationalist,' and tho ' Preacher's Lantern ' both of whioh are devoted to theological subjects, and ' intended to strengthen the hearts of all who are loyal to the common faith.' 