The Riddler NEW PROBLEMS. Altera dmtias appbrtai jure-peritis;.' Horam qu& primum ndoti luxnina soHs Totus describit. • Lector nodum mihi solve. : 1,504. Triglot Charade, by E. J. C.— My firti a little auadrujged, Torments our housewives sadly, Though triapa and cate it holds in dread. For they both use it badly. Mysecondia a useful plant, We scarce could do without it; Its seeds and fibres both we want, No one I'm. sure could doubt it My vhoit a fabric fine and light, Is used tor ladies'dressed; ~ 'Tis less substantial far than slight, As each-poor girl confesses. Three different languages are here, English, and French, and Latin,: Now, which is which, pray make appear, You, who charades are pat in. 1,505. Charade, by Hannah Blackham.— My first is a personal pronoun, my second has no end, and my whole is a fish. 1,506. Numbered Charade, by W. H. Temme.—My 3 5 7 is the lodge of a beast, 1274567 is a prison, 4 2 7 is adangerous weapon, 7 6 1 "is as good as a-wink," 4 6 6 3 is what we all should be. My whole is a small dagger, also a word implying malice or ill-will. 1.507. Four men have to divide £1 among them, in the proportions of one-third, onefourth, one-fifth, and one-sixth. How much is each entitled to ?—P. Browne. 1.508. A vessel is constructed in the form of tiie greater segment of a sphere. Its internal diameter at the top and its perpendicular depth are each 5 feet 4 inches. How many imperial gallons will it hold?—Zero. All correct answers to the above received before Tuesday, March 12, will be acknowledged in "The Riddler" of March 16. Reference to each by number will be sufficient. ANSWERS TO PROBLEMS PUBLISHED FEBRUARY 17. 1.489. Solutiones vEnigmatis.— Mysticus ille liber quem vendidit atra Sibylla, Verbis ejus erat—mysticus atque sacer— Aurea dos sponsae juvenis, pulchrae, tamen addit Utile subsidium, blanditiasque novas. Te, si forsan amet virgo dilecta, sacerdos Mox stabili poterit jungere connubio. E. J. C. Hora cupita venit—venias tu, chara puella! Taedam accendit Hymen, et sacer urget Amor. Mentis tu dives formaeque; et maxima sola Tu dos, subsidio nec tibi posci opes. Leevam cum dextra modb jungat rite sacerdos Et thesaurus eris, dos sine aote, mihi! V. D., Mount Barker. 1.490. Charade, by Lindley Murray's Ghost—Anon.—Correct answers by E. J. C., T. Simpson, Hannah C. Blackham, Beta, W. Temme, Margaret and E. M. Mitchell, Libra, F. Price, Kentonian. 1.491. Numbered Charade, by Hannah C. Blackham—Adelaide.—Correct answers by E. J. C., T. Simpson, Pussey, C. J. Ellershaw, Beta, W. Temme, Margaret and E. M. Mitchell, H. W. Strangways, Libra, F. Price, Anon, Caroline V., Kentonian. 1.492. Elegant Extracts—No. V.— What are the hopes ef man ? Old Egypt's king Cheops erected the first pyramid And largest, thinking it was just the thing To keep his memory whole, and mummy hid ; But somebody or other rummaging, Burglariously broke his coffin's lid : Let not a monument give you or me hopes, Since not a pinch of dust remains of Cheops. BYRON. —Correct transcripts by E. J. C., Edwin Plummer, J. B. &., Beta, W. Temme, P. Price, Kentonian. 1.493. Acrostic, by H. W. Varley.— A U G U S T R O B E R T I L L U M E S U N D A Y T U i B A N O R I G I N B L Il'HE U R A N U S L I V E R Y U S B A N E S T I V E R —Correct answers by E. J. C., T. Simpson, Beta, P. Price. 1,494! Arithmetic Problem, by Arcanum. —The farmer gained £343 4s. by the transaction.—Correct answers by J. W. H. Hullett, P. O. Hutchinson, J. C. Hansen, Anon, Kentonian. NOTES AND CORRESPONDENCE. The new problems, &c.;, sent by the following contributors are acknowledged with thanks:—E. J. C., J. W. H. Hullett, Edwin Plummer, Tasmania, Kapunda, A Youne Joker. Problem 1,508. The contents of the new imperial standard gallon is fixed at 277'274 cubic inches. QUIPS AND CRANKS.—No. XL1. The following disintegrated conglomeration of heterogenious and incongruous particles is the product of a patent 6elf-acting crucible of treble calorifically-refrigerating potency, into which were thrown by Betty two tons of materials, consisting of 1 ton 19 cwt. 3 qrs. 27 lbs. 15 ozs. 15 drams of waste paper, the remainder being the refined quintescence of the rectified spirits of the sublimated elixir of asses' brains, concocted for the purpose:— Florence wishes all the goods in her father's shop were sat-in. Her papa wishes they were all sold. Mrs. Fussemont thinks "Mr. Chairman" has a deal of work to do, in attending every meeting in the colony. Miss Bluestocking wishes to know if the author who wrote " Once a Week" also wrote "Night and Morning," or "All the Year Round," or "Half Hours at the Breakfast Table." Mrs. Partington desires to know whether the Marshall of the Admiralty is a soldier or a sailor, and whether a Doctor in the army ever becomes a Lance-corporal ? She thinks Army Surgeons ought- to belong to the Lancers; and Majors should command the Sappers and more especially the miners. She imagines that divers may be generally found in divers places. She says Corsairs should ride upon coursers, and that lawyers who charge so much should always ride chargers, and see that they feed well and they are fee'd well themselves. She would also like to know whether boys connected with religious papers are called printer's devils the same as the others. We think she wants to know too much. A FRAGMENT. At this instant the lurid light of the conflagration revealed the stalwart form of a cavalier riding furiously up the steep activity of the rock. It was the hated brigand Alphonso. His fiery steed was reeking with foam, and his snorting nostrils breathed forth fire and smoke. Alphonso gazed intently at his victim. Fury was in his eye, and death in his lightning glance. Angelina stood upon the dizzy height, aghast with terror. Her dishevelled locks streamed furtively in the wind. A thousand feet below her the rolling billows of the mighty ocean dashed with impetuous fury against the "base of that overhanging rock. Her resolution was taken in an instant. " He comes, the detested villain comes," she cried. Then with oae heartpiercing shriek of agony that rent the air, and startled the eaerlets in their eiries—To be con tinned in our next. ADELAIDE HOSPITAL.—A meeting of the Board of Management was held on March 1. Number of patients admitted since last meeting, 64; discharged, 44; died,[2; now in Hospital, 152; number of cut-patiost? pre;cribod for, 793. 