AFFAIRS OF FRANCE. [From our Paris correspondent.] Paris, December 30. The Assembly, during its daily average sitting of four hours, costs the country—<*> in salaries to deputies and officials—the sum of one hundred francs per minute. It has been asked to bear this fact in mind, as well as another one—that Ger many has to be paid three milliards— bo as to economise time in legislating for the national welfare. Week after week pro duces its silly debates on puerile matters, over which the fractions composing the Chamber lash themselves into fury, ex claiming mea culpa, after sobriety ensues, at the loss of time. The admission of the Orleani?t Princes to the Assembly occupied in negotiation and discussion as much attention as would have sufficed to make the excellent Bill for public and compnlsory education the law of the land, bnt which appears to be as forgotten as the Princes themselves. Tho time con sumed to determine whether a M. Rape was or was not a criminal Communist would have been ample to discuss the project of army reform and enable the people to know if military service was henceforth to be obligatory. Having been so active in minor matters, the Deputies might afford a little industry to those of moment. It is their backsliding in this respect that is giving force to the demand of the Ultra-republicans for the election of a new Assembly. Paris is in a sulky mood because the representatives, the "country party," in the Assembly, will not consent to re sume their deliberations in the city. It is a struggle between the capital and the provinces—between the head and the extremities. France can never be tranquil while Paris is discontented, and so open to the calculations of all pretenders. M. Thiers can be powerful enough to reject the proposal for an income-tax, but he cannot bring the Legislature back to Paris. The means for raising the increased revenue are not yet clearly denned. The President, true to economic views, which have never changed farm 1828, repels free trade; but protoi f*jn is losing ground, and commercial tolation is re garded as the " happj lispatch" for France. VL Thiers has opposed to his protectionist ideas the wondest heads and clearest minds in tL* country—the same phalanx that has been defeated on the income-tax. Victories like this will be more fatal than discomfiture. In 1760 Rousseau said of French taxation, he who has little pays mnch—he who has much pars little; but, provided the great be content, it matters little how the poor live. Matters are not in such a Btate at present, but there are inequalities that the taxation of income would re move. M. Thiers holds that the rich are over-taxed already, and the wealth of the Assembly naturally repels a project to be farther squeezed. There is some thing wrong when a man has to pay the same dues for selling a quarter of an acre of land as if he disposed of a thousand acres; and if people have to be addi tionally taxed, it is to meet exceptional demands. A speech from if. Thiers is now an event; to condemn him to silence would be to kill him. It is said that rarely does a Parliamentary orator win votes by his eloquence, but M. Thiers captures them en masse. He has a wheedling manner for plucking a majority out of an irresolute Assembly. Be has no out bursts of eloquence where sound might do the duty of sense. He is very small in stature, and no one ever accused him of possessing stentorian lungs; but his gestures, the clear, penetrating style of his arguments, addressed alike to the reason, prejudices, pride, and humor of his hearers, bears down resistance, though conveyed in a childish treble. He never improvises a speech—ho prepares his dis courses like pages of his histories. He understands his aim, and, be it right or wrong, marches to it. He has thought out the means, hence there is no difficulty or ambiguity of expression. For nearly half a century he has filled the public eye; there is no Vicar of Brayism in his part; he leans to expediency, but che rishes bis personal views the more. His private life is without a stain; his public character without reproach. He is a patriot to the backbone, and never parades his patriotism. He is plucky, for he has fought his duel. He is rich without ostentation; has no ambition for titles ; his desire is to be king among, not of, men. Such a character has con sequently immense weight, and his poli tical heresies are pardoned, for ho loves much Fiance. Tho Minister of Finance, Pouyer- Quertier, is a very popular and able man. As a mill-owner he is a millionnaire. His jelly rustic look is sufficient to inspire confidence. It is said he lives only on claret and soup, with statistics for des sert. After his chief informed the As sembly that the finances of the nation occupied 70,000 clerks, and the adoption of the income-tax would entail some thing like a similar corps, the Minister of Finance begged that deputies would not deal with figures; they only confused a debate. " Nothing," observed Canning, "is more deceptive than facts, except figures"—and then he commenced to deal with them by the fathom. It was a mercy to finish, especially as the lady spectators were becoming impatient, and the young deputies were fidgetty to form the hedge, as at a theatre, to see the elegant fair sex depart. M. Pouyer-Quertier has offered the "prize for virtue," or will give his influence to secure a vacant arm-chair in tho Academy, or secure a nomination as minister at a foreign Court, with the privilege to never quit Paris, as is now tho fashion, to any patriot who can point j out any article that has escaped untaxed his Argus eyes. M. Lachaud, the celebrated lawyer who defended Tonnelet on the charge of kill ing a German soldier, and which produced the recent impolitic despatch from Prince Bismarck, states evidence was adduced that his client used the knife when the soldier drew his bayonet—it was a case of self-defence, &c.; All this is, however, secondary; Bismarck has produced an effect contrary to what he expected. Excitable as the French arc, they have resolved to nurse their wrath. They will not allow their hand to be forced ; will assist the tax-gatherer to collect the balance of the indemnity ; will turn the other cheek to be smitten if necessary; will bow to the seizing of hostages ; but will organise the country, and when the time comes—when the blast of war will again blow in our ears—they will j " imitate the action of the tiger; Stiffen the sinews, summon tip the blood." This remarkable change in the French character ought to make even Germany j reflect. ! There appears to be a fresh panic set ting in about the Bank and the silver coin, which was. reappearing, is again re tiring to its hiding-ground. The cause results from the Governmental demands on the National Bank, not from any com mercial pressure. The Bank has nearly reached the limit of its legal circulation of paper, and if not empowered by the Assembly to extend it, must draw on its gold, which is being treasured for Berlin. The auxiliary notes, from one to five francs, are generally received, the Rail way Companies excepted, because they trade in the premium on the precious metals. The notes in question get very soiled—filthy—after a little wear and tear. Home politics are calmer. The pros pects of royalty and imperialism are getting Bmall by degrees. The Legiti mists have thrown up the game, and the Orleanists have lost it. The Due d'Aumale is only great in his chateau at Chantilly, where the Prince do Joinville shares an honorable insignificance, and following his nautical habits, prefers a hammock to a bed of down. Tho Comte de Paris is believed to be somewhere in France. As for the Bonapartists, their struggles for public life are visibly weaker. The country has concluded they repre sent no political principle, have only been a sad fact, and an adventure in history. Bonapartism is viewed as revo lutionary ,hasnothingconserved—noteven its own existence, which was shipwrecked in full calm — "like ships that have gone down at sea, When heaven was all tranquillity," and very nearly sunk France with it. The country will have no more Govern ments of expedients, hazard, or occasion. The Repnblic is taking root, and the nation is feeling the advantage of directly ■ninaging its own afiairs. M. Theirs devotes 18 .hours daily to laboring at the good workT There are several vacancies for the As sembly to be filled up in a few days. The candidates so far are moderate repub licans. Paris has a deputy to nominate, and the struggle between the Radicals and Conservatives is fierce. The latter invited Marshal MacMahon to stand, but with his accustomed honesty and good sense he has declined, asserting, not only his position as Commander in-Chief was an objection, but that a soldier best performs his duty by eschewing politics. The Radicals have held a series of caucus meetings where the old elements of the Commune re appeared. Victor Hugo seems to be the idol. He subscribes to all the conditions required, even to submitting to a pro posed imprisonment if he breaks faith. It is objected that he is a Viscount, that he once sang the praises of that " child of a miracle," the Comte de Chambord, and might do so again. As he is " a man of genius that illuminates the uni verse," observed a speaker, it was pre sumption to discuss him. Ex-General Cremer was proposed; he too would subscribe to anything required, and among his plans for saving the country are the immediate renewal of the war with Germany, and the brigading of all the clergy as soldiers, to be commanded by Garibaldi, as an elec tor suggested. Incidentally it was mooted that the world would be de lighted to see M. Thiers imprisoned for life, and the Commune revenged. An orator who commenced by observing that England had more "horned cattle" than France, was voted out of order, and re quested to retire to a lunatic asylum. ••General" Cremer was not objected to for having broken his word of honor with the Prussians, but it was regarded as a spot on the sun that he vowed in 1870 to " place bis sword and heart" ever at the service of the Empire. Thus Paris is not devoid of amusement; the authori ties allowed these patriots to have their say without let or hindrance, and the Seine has escaped from being set on fire. The army is grumbling at tiie Blowness with which the Commission for revising the promotions made by Gambetta is working, and desires much to see Bazaine's trial concluded, against whom the proofs of not doing his duty at Metz become blacker. The soldiers are a shade more comfortable in the camps, though they undoubtedly long after the flesh-pots of Egypt—the barrack life of,the cities. On Christmas Eve they kept high revels, plenty to eat and drink in honor of the time, and felt they were not only glorious, but o'er a' the ills of life victorious. It is currently believed the Courts- Martial are still sitting, but so fatigued is the public with their proceedings that the journals only rarely notice them. However, the Government to its credit is freely liberating, after a light investi gation, numbers of prisoners on the hulks. The official journal corroborates the discovery of gold in New Caledonia, so 'that those patriots who are to leave their country for their country's good for the " fortunate" isles are to be envied. There is an intention to send liossel's father as deputy to the Assembly—as was attempted in the case of Baudin's brother. It is sad policy to trade on the dead, but in France there is nothing like having a "body" to trail—a Banquo's ghost. Christmas was never more observed as a holiday by the French than on this occasion—ordinarily a children's feast. It did one's heart good to witness old times come back again. The churches were well filled with worshippers; duty, not fashion, drew many. The " mid night" masses of the Eve were " low" ones ; the Government fearing to attract crowds, ordered there Bhould be no musical pomp. The restaurants and toy shops remained opened all night; it is the fashion to " sup in" Christmas Day oysters and sausages, onion soup, and truffled delicacies, being the bill of fare. As the children expect U petit nod to de posit in_ their tiny shoes ranged before the chimney, some present, the t y shopsdid a roaring trade. There never were taken up more drunken people, and those who were able to stagger home, saved from their week's earnings a few sous to purchase the ex pected gratification for their little ones, and no donbt felt satisfied they had done their duty. The annual fair on the Bou levards is well patronised; the terrible weather has moderated, and there is no longer occasion either for sledges or boats to pass along the streets. The " Prussian soldier," looting the goods and chattels of the Gauls, forms the popular toy. Now every one is occupied in sending a card to friends and acquaintances in honor of the new year, which for many is the only evidence that yon have lived during the last 365 days. Of course a present is anticipated by the youngsters if you de sire to be regarded as a friend ; and all those who have ministered to your com fort or discomfort daring 1871 expect you are not a sufferer by any monetary crisis ; they adopt Danton's maxim—audacity, audacity, always audacity. The Post- Office clerks work night and day to send off the mountains of carles de visiie to every part of the world. One of the favorite dodges to demand a gift is adopted by some characters who assert they saved your house and property from being burned under the Commune. M. Thiers will recognise the sovereignty of the Assembly by first paying a visit to its President, when the latter will drop in on the Chief of the State—royal fashion —by the lime he has reached home. It is tiie custom in commercial houses to adopt some emblem in, honor of the sea son, which purchasers take away with them. This year the "etiquette" is a photograph of M". Thiers. There is a congratulatory address being signed by the citizens to be presented to the Prince of Wales on his recovery. The Prince is popular in this country, as he is believed to share in the sorrows of France, as he did in the good works to relieve her distress. The snow-white beard of the Emperor of Brazil is to be met with everywhere. Next week he can bid at the sale of the imperial kitchen utensils. Two chambermaids—negresses —of his Buite are stars in Paris. 