GULGONG. At last the drought is broken, and the long— looked-for, much-wanted rain is descending in beautiful refreshing showers. Everybody looks busier and fresher, and the effect of the rain is everywhere apparent. On the leads a decided change for the better is manifest. No. 23, N. has raised the black flag, and the unfortunate: — now fortunate — prospectors are at last rewarded for their well tried perseverance by the handsome yield of ½oz. to the dish. On the Caledonian little change has taken place, the basalt still continuing to test the temper of steel and men. At the Three Mile, a most remarkable improve- ment has taken place, and where everything was dull a few days since is now all activity and life. At Tallywang, things have also improved, and the population has been for some time on the increase, attention being latterly turned towards the prospecting of the ground in this locality, and many have moved thereto. On the Nil Desperandum, a slight improvement has taken place ; and, now that water is available, many are about to wash up. The Canadian is still a favorite, and the immense masses of wash- dirt, that have been towering up like so many pyramids for months past, are now being actively reduced. The "Brown Snake," ever changing its coat, is once more down in public favor, and numbers of shepherds are deserting it. The gentlemen who arrived from Melbourne some short time since, and were in treaty for the purchase of a number of claims on the Red Hill, have failed to satisfy the demands of the holders, and no business has up to the present been transacted, though there is every probability of some arrangement being entered into. A preliminary meeting was held at Driscolls Warburton Hotel, on Saturday night, to consider the most appropriate way of celebrating the great festival of St. Patrick. The attendance was good, and, after a little discussion, it was decided to hold another meeting on Thursday night. As Squire and party were working in the drive in No. 4, Homer's paddock (Happy Valley), a few days since, and at a depth of 140 feet, a trespasser, in the shape of a ring snake, put in an appearance. Of course, the shareholders did not bring the gent before Mr. Brown, but, taking summary jurisdiction, prevented an appeal. A man named Goff fell down a shaft over 70 feet deep, on Saturday night, and, though not killed on the spot, he lies in a very precarious state. The Oriental Cafe has given up the ghost — not the Kiama ghost — and after a series of rows, law-suits, and maledictions, the proprietor has closed the hitherto hospitable doors to the ex- clusion of the "lower ten." At the Prince of Wales Theatre a variety of plays have been produced during the past week in a style hitherto unprecedented in any pro- vincial town in the colony. On Saturday and Monday nights, the "Sea of Ice" was put on the stage in a most creditable style, the scenery be- ing magnificent, and evidently a surprise for all present. The house was crammed ; and, were it not for the improved mode of ventilation re- cently adopted, remaining inside would be out of the question. An exodus of miners for Currajong has set in, the late reports from there being favorable. February 6, 1872. 