ADELAIDE. Fridav. There have been sales of wheat '.float &?. 5s 9d ; country flour has sold ut from £13 to £14. Wheat is quiet at 6s 9d Herald. The Panorama.— The mid -day performance at the Sohoolof Arts was comparatively successful, and it is satisfactory to state that there is a probability of the tima_ of the exhibition being ei .ended. Ou Monday evening it is intended to make a distribution of prizes to the audienoe ; the gifts being imported from Berlin and other marts of manufacture in the German Kmpire. The GwnilB Election.— By a proclamation of his Excellency, the Admiuistrator of the Government, which appeared in last night's Gazette, it is declared in terms of the Electoral Act, that the election of Thomas Gordon Gibbon Dingar, KEq , to serve In the Legisla tive A£3embly for the electoral district is valid, not withstanding the delay in the return of the writ of election. St. Paul's Litebabt Association. —Tho usua weekly ni acting of this society was hold on Wednesl day evening last, in tbe class-room of St. Paul's School, Redfern, Alexander Gordon, Esq , president of the society in the chair. The April number of 'TheOritio.' the sooioty's manuscript «erinl, was read by the editor, Mr J. S. Duer. It was composed of nfty sixpi^c;, poit4to, and the contents were : Articles on 'Punishment of the Worst Criminals.' ' Dogmatio Theology,' 'The Present Position of England,' 'Dancing1 (two articles a * Chapter on Ghosts,' a ' Review of the Month,' ' A Lay of the Last Idiot' (in rhyme) ; some amusing Bkits sateruing members of tbesooiety, and an article commenting on the whole. The reading concluded, a discussion on the contents of ' The Critic' followed, taken part in by Messrs Cazneau, Orr, Armstrong, Duer, Powell, Mihell, and the chairman. THE TT6ES op Hoket. —Preserving Grapes with Honey : Take 71b of Bound grapes on the stems, the blanches as perfeot as possible, and pack them snugly, without breaking, in ft jar Make a syrup of 41b of honey and one pint of good vinegar, with cloves, cin namon, &c;, to suit (about three ounoes each is a fair average). Boil this syrup for about twenty minutes, and skim well ; then turn boiling hot over the grapes, and seal up immediately. They will keep years, if desired, and are exceedingly nioe. Apples, peaohes, and plums may be done in this way. Preserving Grapes OoM: Piok grapes from the stems and psok ina jar until it is full Then turn honey cold over them until they are oovered well. Seal them up without any heat, and keep in a cool place. Aftera few months they will be found delicious. All kinds of fruit made into jam and sweetened with honey instead of sugar are very nice. Those who ore lond of honey oonslder * butter ' made in this way nicer than when made with sugar. Ginger 8naps : One pint of honey, three-fourths pound of butter, two teaspoonfuls of ginger, boil together a few minutes, and when nearly cold put in flour 'until it is nearly stiff; roll out thinly and bake quickly. Honey Cake: One oup butter, two oups honey, four eggs well beaten, one teaspoonful ?ssenoe lemon, half a oup milk, sour, if possible, one teaspoonful soda, flour enough to make it as stiff as can well be stirred; bake at once in quick oven. Honey fruit cake : Four eggs, five cups flour, two oups honey, one onp swtet milk, two teaspoonfuls cream of tartar, one spoonful of soda, one pound raisins and oamnts, one-fourth pound citron, one teaspoonful esoh doves, cinnamon, and nutmeg ; bake in large loaf, and slow oven. This will be good for months after baking as well as when fresh, Honey gingerbread : One oup butter, t»o of honey, one of sonr milk, one teaspoonful soda ; flour stiff as can be stirred. 