JOTTINGS, BIDLER. , I am rather curious to know what has been the upshot of the exceedingly lest appeal which to Mr. Thomas Sloane made the people of Wil- liamstown through the column of the Chronicle, a fortnight ago. It will be remembered that he applied for pecuniary assistance to enable him to take a case into the Equity Court, adding that "one shilling from every man would be more than he required." The reasonabeness of the request must be apparent to everyone who gives the subject a moment's consideration. Surely no one will refuse to subscribe such a small sum, when he knows that by so doing he becomes a party to an important law-suit of vital interest to every member of this community. So m??? for Mr. Sloane. Now, I have a friend - a more deserving fellow - whose case I will briefly lay before the gentle public. He possesses a constitution of that peculiar kind which is capable of enduring any amount of sleep, but the finds hard work incon- venient and disagreeable. When the wind is hot or the rays of the sun unusually fierce, he has a strong disposition, to seek some cool retreat, lie on the broad of his back and go to sleep. He has a great objection to venture side of his house when there is lightning about but when a gentle southerly breeze comes refreshingly up the bay, nothing pleases him better than to pass his mornings on the beach. Unfortunately, his income is not sufficiently large to permit of his enjoying himself in this simple manner, and, following the example of Mr. Sloane, he wants it to be generally known that if every ratepayer in the borough of Williamstown will only give him sixpence, a sufficient sum will be raised to take him through the hottest months of the year. It will be seen that he only asks for half-a-dozen paltry coppers with the Queens image and super- scription thereon, and every sensible person must agree with me that if there is one man in this world whose excessive modesty is likely to result in his ruin, my friend is that man. He even beats Mr. Sloane, who during the last fortnight has probably been looked upon as the most innocent and unassuming gentleman in Williamstown. Such is life, my friends. There are some men who gain a living by sheer impudence, while retiring individuals like those to whom I have referred may for ever blush unseen. I have been informed that there was a most affecting scene in the Tempierance Hall one night last week when the Good\Templars held their meeting. It is said that '"Sister Dalgarno's" oratory fairly brought down the house, while her sudden changes "'from grave to gay, from lively to severe," so worked upon the sensitive feelings of Brother Williams that he bitrat out into uncon trollable laughter ere the tears had dried upon his sable cheeks. An impulsive Irish Templar who visited me immediately after the meeting, declared, more Hibernicorum, that he could not sleep until he had "composed a pome on that 'divoine per fection of a 'woman,' " and without more ado, he seized a pen and wrote the following lines: Oh, womansof the smtchless miud,. Could'st thou thy peetioeats forsake, There's stuff in thee would surely makes. A Luther of the watery kind. Hydraulic pressure moves thy tongue To speak the solid, stubborn truth with ll the a tinessi of youth, Though thou, alse, art far from yuueg. Hero the poet's feelings quite overcame him and he broke down, observing that it was impossible for him to do justice to the subject. Ie am bound to add that the Irishman's mouth emitted a perfume which no man with the ghost of a nose would ever think of associating with this season's congou. I like to see conistency:tf conduct. It is "an excellent thing in man or woman," and because it is so excellent andi so difficult to :possess, every allowance is made for peole who let it slip. ' But inconsistency of that glaring kind-which blows hot and cold at the same time must be either founded upon humbug-or deceit. Here is a case in point The AtheuEcinu .which arrived by the last mail contains a short review of a story originally pubi lished in' Oicel a Week, entitled "Ready-.Money Mortiboy," and the reviewer, while fairly acknow ledging its merits, states emphatically that it is not lit for yonng persons of. either sex to read. Some time ago the editor of the kMelbourneo Daily eldegrapl strongly condemned the trashy reading which the youth of the colony get hold of in the circulating libraries, and on another occasion, if I mistake not, the same waiter advocated the American system of introducing the newspaper into the common schools. Yet this is the very paper which is now giving its readers tri-weekly doses of -" Heady-Money Mortiboy," which is'said to be unfit for the young to read. It would be interesting to know how the editorial party recon. ciles these facts. The Melbourne papers jubilantly record the fact. that the "heathen Chinee" is rapidly being civilised. Ha has found out the. way to the Insolvent Court, and he has some loose ideas on the subject of fraud on a small scale, but he has a good deal to learn 'before he can cast off his bar barous habits ahid take a piosition beside the cultured white inan. -He must know how to start banks and Provident Institutes and makeafortine by breaking them ;. he must ascertain from Mir. Bates thesoaeret'of -purifying tea; le must care fully ,study;the inystery of ianded auigar: and adulterated, coffee i and, above all, after he bha becomn'e ntimiately acqudinted with th'e helhth and breadth and depthls of colonial roguery, he :mskb waggr and bopn.s and diopla~ lasts saultilei tllan fifty honest men. When I see John China man walk into ia theatre with a great noise just at the monst intelesting part of the play ; when I hear him laughing and talking loudly in the middle of Mrs: Cutter's best song; when I observe hir walk swaggeringly on board the Gem with a cigar in his mouth and his hat considerably canted, and take oup a position a long way abaft the funnel; when I see him at a public entertainment sitting comfortably in an arm chair, while women with young children in their arms are compelled to stand;-then shall I know John has become thoroughly Anglicised and is entitled to be treated in every respect like a British subject. A gentleman once told a native of the Emerald Isle that he knew a person who eat a doien saucers of ice-cream. Pat shook his head. "What, don't you believe it ?" said the gentleman. ' belaysro in the cramse. but not in the siincers," was Pat's laconic answer. Clever Boy.--"This is nice butter, my boy, said a shopkeeper to a twelve-year-old urchin, who had brought a pailful of that article to market; "nice butter. I'll take all'yoi?r mother has to sell."--" Idon't believe she'll sell any more," said the boy, "'cause 1 heard her say she wouldn't have sold that only a rat was found in the cream, so she didn't want. to use it herself." ; ",Good news,.Behloul," said the Grand Vi'r to a wit of Bassora, "the Caliph has ap pointed you governor of all the apes ald hogs in hisdominions." "Preparethen," rejoined Behloul, '~toobey my commands." "jAn Irishman, being about to enter the army, was asked by one of the rectuiting officers, ,.'ell, sir, when you get into battle will you fight or run?" "Faith," repliedl he, with a comical twis* of the countenance, "I'll be afther doin', yer honmur, as the majority of ye does." I Dutchman thus relates the manner in whih he broke his arm to a friend :-" Vonce on a'tine, a long while ago, I went intou mine abble oictird, to climb a bear tree, to get some beaches, ta nHke a blumb budding mit. Ven I got to the tiblermost branch I fell from the lowermost hidl mit von leg on both sides of de fence, an' like to'sore mine outsides in. ! young lady from the country got into oneof the city cars. The vehicle had not gone far, who the conductor said, affably. " Your fare, this." The lady blushed The conductor re ? d?d. "Your fare, miss," and the lady blushed oe deeply. By this time the conductor began tilek foolish. After a pause he again repeated, ',bss, your fare." " Well," said the lady, "th' dew say I'm good-looking at hum, but I dont see why you want to say it out aloud." \--?ELL YOUR WIFE.-If you are in trouble or.aquandary, tell your wife-that is, if you have eoe-all about it at once. Ten to one her inven tionwill solve your difficulty sooner than all your r lgi The wit of woman has been praised, but g her nstincts are quiter and keener than her reason. doinsel with your wife or your mother.or .sister, aiiddb assured light will flash upon your darkness. Sjg SELFISH LOVE THE SOURCE OF H~AP puais.-Wherever unsellislh love is the main spriug of men's actions ; wherever happiness is ° pland, not on what we can gain for ourselves, but Sol?bat we can impart to others; wherever we plan our highest satisfaction in gratifying our 1 fitts and mothers, our brothers and sisters, our wivs and children, our neighbours and friends, we anre sure to attain all the happiness which the Swvibnil ian bestow. 7VHAT DOES SHE Do WITH IT --This is the title of a pamphlet just issued anonymously ind ndon, being a consideration of a question of wthe has been done, and what is done, with the hlsome sum of £385,000 a year which was stfied on her Majesty Queen Victoria, on her anasion, for the express purpose of enabling her t "aefmry the expenses of her household, and to nolitain the honour and dignity of the Crown. ° The writer goes very carefully into every branch Sof~the royal expenditure, and comes to the con. e cluion that, by the annual saving of £100,000, eiteoding over twenty or thirty years,. together wjiti thelegacies left by the old miser, Mr. Nield, aidthe late Prince Consort, the Queen's private a ftoette must be at least £d5,000,000. Under these . ciicmstances, and referring to the application for aslinouity to Prince Arthur, the writer says: "ere never reigned a sovereign in England who hidless need of making such a demand, and there isa~nt a lady in Christendom who is better able, d ontof her own resources, to provide for every one of l:r family than our queen." oi jSixoN's WIFE'S MOTHER--A countryman .vai in New York on an August Sunday, and y c Oed the Brooklyn ferry in the morning for the pirpose of hearing Beecher. But lo, the Plymouth Spdlitwas occupied by a stranger, who delivered a tedious, common-place sermon from the text, *"nd, behold, Simon's wife's mother layrsick of a y fever." Mr. Beecher was away taking hms vaea g tio'a In the afternoon the man sought to console I hitself for the morning's disappointment by listen inito E IH. Chapin. He was slhown to a front seatby the sexton of E. H. Chapin's chuirch, and e in due time was horrified to see the minister of the r moeling appear in the pulpit. The poor victim y heard for the second time the sermon from the text" 'And behold Simon's wife's mother lay sick of a?fever," and went out of the sacred llace very much discouraged. Mr. Chapin was taking his e sunimer vacation. In the evening the man, think Sinnto redeem in a measure the defeat of the day, accepted the offer of a choice sitting in the lie a formed Dutch Church, for the sake of heiring the genial, eloqetent, and scholarly Bathune. But his heart quite broke when the evil spirit that had pos e sessed him that day got up and gave out a hymn. ' And when the text was announced, " And, behold, a Simon's wife's mother lay sick of a fever," the party knew all about the. subject, rushed wildly e from the overdose and ran to his hotel. Mr. Bathune was taking his vacation. The next morn ing.the man took the first train forhome, andstep ping into the car, there was his ministerial friend of the day before, with his sermon under his arm. I. The New York bells were ringing a fire alarm, and a says the minister to his laybrother, "Friend, do you-know what these are telling for?" Says the od outryman, looking hard at the preacher of the sermon, "I don't knw, but 1 ihould not wonder Ib if Simon's wife's mother was dead I I heard three 4i tains yesterda that shq waeq ros M Rit 'sa &ber;," 