B DEAD_ SEXTON. (Continued from No. 166.) t was about 8 o'clock, and the tier, standing alone on the road ront of the open door of the George Dragon, bad just smoked his pipe A bright moon hung In the ty sky- The fells rose from the osito edge of the Jake like phanmountaius. The air was stirless. ough the boughs and sprays of j ess elms no sigh or motion, how-1 bushed, was audible. Not a 1 ]e glimmered on the lake, which, \ oe point only, reflected the bril- j moon from its dark blue«xpanse j burnished steel. The road that by the inn door, along the marof the lake, shone dazzlingly c. bite as ghosts, among the dark and juniper, stood the tall piers e Vicar's gate, with their great e balls, like heads, overlooking same road, a few hundred yards the lake, to the left. The early > town of Golden Friars was quiet liis time. Except for the townswho were now collected in the len of the inn itself, no inhabitant now outside his own threshold, in Scales was thinking of turnii. lie was beginning to feel a queer. He was thinking of the ii; and could not get the fixed of the dead man out of his when he heard the sharp though nt ring of a horse's hoofs upon frozen road. Tom's instinct zed him of the approach of a to the George and Dragon, experienced ear told hint that orseman was approaching by ardale Road, which, after crosshat wide and dismal moss, s the southern fells by Dunner Ii, and finally enters the town Iden Friars by joining the Mar- Koad, at the edge of the lake, to the gate of the Vicar's lump ol tall trees stood at this ; biit the moon shone full upon ad and cast their shadow backhoofs were plainly coming at op, with a hollow rattle. The an was a long time in appear- Tom wondered how he had the sound—so sharply clear as was—so very far away, tvas right in his guess. The was coming over the mountainad from Oardale Moss ; snd he "w a horseman, who must have the corner of the Vicar's house moment when bis eye was d ; for, when he saw him nrst time, he was advancing, Hazy moonlight, like the shaa cavalier, at a gallop, upon el strip of road that skirts the octwecn the George and the s piers. hostler had not long to wonder e ndor pushed his beast at so a pace, and how he came to eard him, as he now calculated 1 three miles away. A very •oments sufficed to bring the rider to the inn door. vas £ powerful black horse, i n S hke the great Irish hunter ! g«red a hundred years ago, oiUd carry sixteen stone with c 'oss the country. It would r,,ea grand charger. Nora if. I, 1 snorted, it pawed, j lts neck; then threw back its a hung down its head, looked !»'ash, and then to rear; and *pat,ent to bo off again, and t| e 01 standing quiet for a "dcr got down— " As light as shadow falls." But he was a tall, sinewy figure. He wore a short cape or mantle, a cocked hat, and a pair of jack-boots such as held the ground in some primitive corners of England almost to the close of the last century. ' Take him, lad,* said he to old Scales. * You need not walk or wisp him, he never sweats or tires. Give him his oats, and let him take his own time to eat them. House!" cried the stranger—in the oldfashoned summons which still lingered at that time, in the out-of-the-way places—in a deep and piercing voice. As Tom Scales led away the horse to the stables, it turned its head towards its master with a short, shrill neigh. 4 About your business, old gentleman—we must not go too last,' the stranger cried back again to his horse, with a laugh as harsh and piercing; and he strode into the house. The hostler led the horse into the inn yard. In passing, it sidled up to the coach-house gate, within which lay the dead sexton—snorted, pawed, and lowered its head suddenly, with ear close to the plank as if listening for a sound from within ; then uttered again the same short, piercing neigh The hostler was chilled at this mysterious coquetry with the dead. H e liked the brute less and less every minute. In the mean time its master had proceeded. 'I'll go to the inn kitchen,' he said, in his startling bass, to the drawer who met him in the passage. And on he went, as it lie had known the place all his days ; not seeming to hurry himself—stepping leisurely, the servant thought—but eliding on at such a rate, nevertheless, that lie had passed his guide and was in the kitchen of the George before he had got much more than half-way to it. A roaring fire of dry wood, peat, and coal lighted up this snug but spacious apartment—flashing on pots and pans, and dressers high-piled with pewter plates and dishes ; making the uncertain shadows of the long ' hanks' of onions, aud many a flitch of ham, depending from the ceiling, dance on its glowing surface. The doctor and the attorney, even Sir Geoffrey Mardykes, did not disdain on this occasion to take chairs, and smoked their pipes by the kitchen fire, where they were in the midst of the gossip and discussion excited by the terrible event. The tall stranger entered uninvited. He looked like a gaunt, athletic Spaniard of forty, burned half black in the sun, with a bony, flattened nose. A pair of fierce black eyes were just visible under the edge of his hat; and his mouth seemed divided, beneath the moustache, by the deep scar of a hare-lip. Sir Geoffrey Mardykes and the host of the George, aided by the doctor and the attorney, were discussing and arranging, for the third or fourth time, their theories about the death and the probable plans of Tom Scales, when the strauger entered. The new-comer lifted his hat, with a sort of smile, for a moment from bis black head. ' What do you call this place, gentlemen V asked the stranger. ' Tile town of Golden Friars, sir,' answered the doctor politely. 'The George and Dragon, sir: Anthony Turnbull, at your service, 5 answered mine host, with a solemn bow, at the same moment—so that the two voices went together, as if the doctor and the innkeeper were singing a catch - 'The George atfd the Dragon,' repeated the horseman, expanding his long hands over the fire which he had approached. 'Saint George, King George, the Dragon, the Devil; it is a very grand idol, that outside your door, sir. You catch all sorts of worshippers courtiers, fanatics, scamps; all's fish, ell ; everybody welcome, provided he drinks like one. Suppose you brew a bowl or two of punch. I'll stand it. How many are we? Here—count, and let us have enough. Gentlemen, I mean to spend the night here, and my horse is iu the stable- Wuat holiday, fun, or fair has got so nmny pleasant faces together ? When I last called here— for, now I bethink me, I have seen this place belorc—you all looked sad. It was on Sunday, that dismalest of holidays ; and it would have been positively melaucholy, only that your sexton—that saint upon earth— JM r Crooke, was here.' He was looking round, over his shoulder, and added—' Ha! don't I sec him there?' Frightened a good deal were some of the company. All gaped in the direction in which, with a nod, he turned his eyes. * He's not thar -he eareV be thar— we see he's not thar,' said Turnbull, as dogmatically as old Joe Willet might have delivered himself—for he did not care that the George should earn the reputation of a haunted house. ' He's met an accident, sir : he's dead—he's elsewhere—and therefore can't be here.' Upon this the company entertained thestranger with the narrative—which they made easy by a division of labour, two or three generally speaking at a time, and no one being permitted to finish a second sentence without finding hiinsell corrected or supplanted. « The man's in heaven, so sure as you're not,' said the traveller, so soon as the story was ended. ' What! he was fiddling with the church bell, was he, and for that, eh ? Land lord, get ns some drink. A sexton • L for pulling down a church bell he has been pulling at for ten years !' *-¥ou came, sir, by the Dard-ile Road, 1 believe ?" said the Doctor (village folk arc curious). A dismal moss is Dardalc Moss, sir ; and a bleak dim' up the fells on t' other side.' ' f say ' Yes' to all—from Dardale Mossj as black as pitch and rotten as the grave, up that zigzag wall you call a road, that looks like chalk in the moonlight, through Dunner Cleugh, as dark us a coal-pit, and down here to the George and Dragon, where you have a roaring fire, wise men, good punch,—here it is—and a corpse in your coach-house. Where the carcase is there will the eagles be gathered together. Come, landlord, ladle out the nectar Drink, gentlemen—drink all. Brew another bowl at the bar. How divinely it stinks of alcohol. I hope you like it, gentlemen: it smells all over of spices, like a mummy. Drink, friends. Ladle, landlord, drink all, serve it out.' The guest fumbled in his pocket, and produced three guineas which he slipped into Turnbull's fat palm. * Let punch flow till that's out. I'm an old friend of the house. I call here, back and forward. I know you well, Turnbull, though you don't recognise me.' 'You have the advantage ofmc, sir,' said Mr Turnbull, looking hard on that dark and sinister countenance —which, or the like of which, hecould have sworn lie had never seen belorc in his lite- But he liked the weight and colour of his guineas as he dropped tliern into bis pocket. ' I hope you will find yourself comlortable while you stay.' ' You have given me a bed-room ?' ' Yes, sir—the cedar chamber.' ' I know it—(he very thing No.— no punch for mc. By-and-bye, perhaps.' The talk went on, but the stranger had grown silent. He had seated himself on an oak bench by the fire, towards which he extended his feet and hands, with seeming enjoyment; his cocked hat being, however a little over his face. Gradually the company began to thin. Sir Geoffry Mardykes was the first to go, then some of the humbler townsfolk. The last bowl of punch was on its last le^s. The stranger walked into the passage, and said to the drawer— ' Fetch me a lantern. I must see my nag. Light it-hey ? That will do. No—you need not come.' The gaunt traveller took it from the man's hand, and strode along the passage to the door of the stableyard, which he opened, aud passed out. Tom Scales, standing on the pavement, was looking through the stable window at the horses when the stranger plucked his shirt sleeve. With an inward shock the hostler found himself alone with the very person he had been thinking of. 'I say—they tell inc you have something to look at in there'—he pointed with his thumb to the old coach-house door. ' Let us have a peep' Tom Scales happened to be at that moment in a state of mind highly favourable to any one in search of a submissive instrument. He was in great perplexity, and even perturbation. He suffered the stranger to lead him to the coach-house gate. ' ' You must come in and hold the lantern,' said he,' I'll pay you handsomely.' The old hostler applied the key, and removed the padlock. ' What arc you afraid of1 Step in, and throw the light on his face,' said the stranger, grimly. Throw open the lantern: stand there. Stoop over him a little—he won't bite you. Steady, or you may pass the night with him!' In the meantime, the company at the George had dispersed; and, shortly after, Anthony Turnbull— who, like a good landlord, was always last iu bed and first up, in his house —was taking alone, his last look round the kitchen belore making his final visit to the stable-yard, when Tom Scales tottered into the kitchen, looking like death, his hair standing upright; and he sat down on an oak chair, all in a tremble, wiped his forehead with his hand, and, instead of speaking, heaved a sigh or two. It was not till alter he had swallowed a drain of brandy that he had found his voice, and said— ' We've the deaul himsel' iu t' house ! By Jen! ye'd best send for t' sir' (the clergyman.) ' Happen, he'll tak him in hand wi' holy writ, and send him elce-whidder deftly. Lord atween us and harm ! I'm a sinfu' man. I tell you, Mr Turnbull, I daren't stop in t' George to- night, under the same rool wi' him.' ' Ye mean the ra-beyoned, blackfcyaced lad wi' the broken neb ? Why, that's a gentleman wi* a pocket full o' guineas, mau, and a horse worth fifty pounds !' ' That horse is no better nor his rider. The nags that were in tho stable with him, they all tuk the crecpins, and sweated like rain down a thack. I tuk them all out o' that, away from him, into the hack-stable, and I thocht I cud never get them past him. But that's not all. When I wa< keckin inta t' winda at t' nags, he comes bchint me, and claps his claw on ma shouther, and he gars me gang wi' him, and open the aid coachhousc door, and haald the cannle for him, till he pearked into the dead man's feyace; and, as God's my judge, I sid the corpse open its eyes and wark its mouth, like a man smoorin' and strivin' to talk. I cudna move or say a word, though I felt my hair rising on my heed; but at langlast I gev a yelloch, and says I,' La ! what is that ?' And he himsel' looked round ou mc, like the divil lie is ; and wi' a skirl o' a laugh, he strikes the lantern out o' my hand. When I cum to myself, we were outside the coach-housc door. The moon was shinin' in, and I end see the corpse stretched on the tabic whar we lett it; and lie kicked the door wi'apurr o' his foot. ' Lock it, says ho ; and so I did. And here's the key for ye —tak it yourscl', sir. He offer'd me moucy; he said he'd make me a rich man if I'd sell him the corpse, and help him awa' wi* it.' ' flout, man! What cud he want' o't'corpse ? lie's no doctor, to do a that lids. He was takin' a rise out o' ye, lad,' said Turnbull. ' Na, na—he wants the corpse. There's summat you an' me can't tell he want's to do wi' 't: and he'd licler get it wi' sin aurl thicvin', and the damage of my soul. He's one of them freytons a boo or a dohbies off Dardulc Moss, that's always astir wi' the like after nightfall; unless — Lord save us !—he be the deaul himsel'.' ' Whar is he noo?' asked the landlord, who was growing uneomlbrtabJe. ' He spranjj'd up the back stair to his room. I wonder you didn't hear him trampin' like a wild horse; and he clapt his door that the house shook again—but Lord knows whar he is noo. Let us gang awa* up to the Vicar's and gun him come down, and talk wi' him-' 'Hoity t« i i y, man—you're too easy scared,' said the landlord, pale enough by this time. ' 'Twould be a fine thing, truly, to send abroad that the house was haunted by the deaul himsel'! Why, 'twould be the ruin o' the George. You're sure ye locked the door on the corpse ?' ' Ay, sir—sartin.' 4 Come wi' me, Tom—we'llgiea last look around the yard.' (To be concluded in our nest.) 