OUR FRENCH LETTER. PAKIS, Dec. 30. The Assembly, during its daily average sitting of four hours, costs the countiy—in salaries to deputies and officials—the sum of one hundred francs per ininute. It has been asked to bear this fact in mind, as well as another one, that Grermany has to be paid three milliards, so as to economise time in legislating for the national welfare. Week after week produces its silly debates on puerile matters, over which the factions composing the Chamber lash themselves into fury, exclaiming mea culpa, after sobriety ensues, at the loss of time. The admission of the Orleanist princes to the Assembly occupied in negotiation and discussion as much attention as would have sufficed to make the excellent bill for public and compulsory education the law of the land, but which appears to be as forgotten as the princes themselves. The time consumed to determine whether a M. Ranc was or was not a criminal Communist would have been ample to discuss the project of army reform, and enable the people to know if military service was henceforth to be obligatory. Having been so active in minor matters, the deputies might afford a little industry to those of moment; it is their back-sliding in this respect that is giving force to the demand of the ultra-republicans for the election of a new Assembly. Paris is in a sulky mood because the Representatives, the "country party" in the Assembly, will not consent to resume their deliberations in the city.- It is a struggle between the capital and the provinces — between the head and the extremities. France can never be tranquil wliile Paris is discontented, and so open to the calculations of all pretenders. M. Thiers can be powerful enough to reject the proposal for an income-tax; but he cannot bring the legislature back to Paris. The means for raising the increased revenue are not yet clearly defined. The President true to economic views wliicli have never changed since 1828, repels free-trade ; but protection is losing ground, and commercial isolation is regarded as the '' happy despatch" for France. M. Tlriers has opposed to his protectionist ideas the soundest heads and clearest minds in the country—the same phalanx that has been defeated 011 the income-tax. Victories like this will be more fatal than discomfiture. In 1760 Roussau said of French taxation—he who has little pays much ; he who has much pays little ; but provided the great be content it matters little how the poor live. Matters are not in such a state at present, but there are inequalities that the taxation of income would remove. M. Theirs holds that the rich are over-taxed already, and the wealth of the Assembly naturally repels a project to be further squeezed. There is something wrong when a man has to pay the same dues for selling quarter of an acre of land as if he disposed of a thousand acres, and if people have to be additionally taxed it is to meet exceptional demands. A speech from M. Thiers is now an event condemn him'to'silence would he to kjiuH It is said that lately does a parliament § orator win votes by his eloquence, but wl Thiers captures them en masse. He U " wheedling manner for plucking a majority, of an irresolute Assembly. He has no 1 bursts of eloquence where sound might do'lr duty of sense ; he is very small in stature no one ever accused him of possessing stentm?' lungs; but his gestures, the clear penetrating of liis arguments addressed alike to tlie prejudices, pride and humor 0f H hearers, bears down resistance, though C( veyed in a cMldish treble. He never provises a speech—he prepares his discoid like pages of his histories. He understand his aim, and be it right or wrong marches v it. He has thought out the means, there is no difficulty or ambiguity of exprcj sion. For nearly half a century he lias fi]] ti the public eye; there is no Vicar of Braying in his past; he bows to expediency, ]„,,'' cherishes his personal viewB the more, private life is without a stain, his pui,ii (r character without reproach. He is a patriot,,* the backbone, and never parades his patriotism I He is plucky, for he has fought his duel. is rich without ostentation ; has no anibi;;, for titles; his desire is to be king among, ],,, of, men. Such a character has consequent]; immense-weight, and his political heresies aii 1 pardoned, for he much loves France. The Minister of Finance—Pouyer-Questieris a veiy popular and able man. _ As a mil! owner, he is a millionnaire. His jolly nistj look is sufficient to inspire confidence. It ji; said he lives only on claret and soup, vj^ statistics for dessert. After his chief inform^ the Assembly that the finances of the nati® ! occupied 70,000 clerks, and the adoption of tht income tax would entail something like asnnilncorps, the Minister of Finance begged the dcpt.j' ties would not deal with figures, they only con-t fused a debate—nothing, observed Canning, it f more deceptive than facts, except figures—anj t then he commenced to deal with them by fathom. It was a mercy to finish, especially the lady spectators were becoming impatient,>" and the young deputies were fidgetty to fornf the hedge, as at a theatre, to see the elegan: fair sex depart. M. Pouyer-Questier ha; offered the "prize for virtue," or will give his influence to secure a vacant arm-cliaii in the Academy, or secure a nominatiot as minister at a foreign court, with the privilege to never quit Paris as is now the fasluonto any patriot who can point out any article that has escaped untaxed his Argus-eyes. M. Lacliaud, the celebrated lawyer, who defended Tonnelet, on the charge of killing a German soldier, and which produced the recent impolitic despatch from Prince Bismarck, stats evidence was adduced that his client used the knife when the soldier drew his bayonet—ii was a case of self-defence. All this is, however, secondary; JBismark has produced an effect contrary to what he expected.. Excitable as tin French are, they have resolved to nurse their wrath. They will not allow their hand to be forced, will assist the tax-gatherer to collect the balance of the indemnity—will turn the other cheek to be smitten if necessary—"Rill bow to the seizing of hostages, but will organise the country, and when the time comes—when the blast of war will again blow in our ears—they will—imitate the action of the tiger. " Stiffen the sinews, summon up the blood." This remarkable change in the French character ought to make even Grermany reflect. There appears to be a fresh panic setting in about tlie bank, and the silver coin which was reappearing is again retiring to its hiding ground. The cause results from the governmental demands on the national bank, not from any commercial pressure. The bank has nearlj reached the limit of its legal circulation oi paper, and if not empowered by the Assembly to extend it, must draw on its gold-which is being treasured for Berlin. The auxiliary notes, from one to five francs, are generally received—the railway companies excepted, because they trade in the premium on the precious metals. The notes to question get very soiled, filthy, after a little wear and tear. Home politics are calmer; the -prospects ol royalty and imperialism are getting small by degrees. The Legitimists have thrown up the game, and the Orleanists have lost it. The Due d' Aumale is only great in his chateau at Chantilly, where the Prince de Joinville share' an honorable insignificance, and following his nautical habits, prefers a hammock to a bed of down The Comte de Paris is believed to be somewhere in France. As for the Bonapartists, their struggles for public life are visibly weaker. The country has concluded they represent ii' 1 political principle, have only been a sad fac 1 and an adventure in history. Bonapartisni is viewed as revolutionary, has nothing conserve" —not even its own existence, which was shipwrecked in full calm— " Like ships that have gone down at sea, When heaven was all tranquillity/' and veiy nearly sunk France with it. TIw country will have no ' more governments ™ expedients, hazard or occasion. The Republic is taking root, and the nation is feeling t' ie advantage of directly managing its own affairs- M. Thiers devotes eighteen hours daily t0 laboring at the good work. There are several vacancies for the Assembly to be filled up in a few days. The candidates so far are moderate Republicans. Paris ha® a deputy to nominate, and the struggle between the Radicals and Conservatives is fierce. " 'V 3 latter invited Marshal M'Mahon to stand, aU but with his accustomed honesty i,d sense he has declined, only his position as Commanderliief as an objection, but that a soldier fct performs his duty by eschewing politics. e Radicals have held a series of caucus etings where the old elements of the Corane reappeared. Victor Hugo seems to be jdol. He subscribes to all the conditions [mired, even to submitting to a proposed irnfconnient if he breaks faith. It is objected at he is a Viscount, that he once sang the .aises of that " child of a miracle," the Comte fchambord, and might do so again. As he is man of genius that illuminates the umae " observed a speaker, it was presump- |n to discuss him. Ex-General Gremer was oposed; ho, too, would subscribe to any- Lng required, and among his plans for saving i country were the immediate renewal of the with Germany, and the brigading of all \- clergy as soldiers—to be commanded by ribaldi, as an elector suggested. Incidentally ras mooted that the world would be delighted eeM. Tliiers imprisoned for life,and the Comae revenged. An orator who commenced by erring that England had more "horned Je" than France, was voted out of order, L requested to retire to a lunatic asylum, generalCramer was not objected to for ing broken his word of honor with the ssians, but it was regarded as a spot on the „ that lie vowed in 1870 to " palce his sword a heart" ever at the service of the Empire. 6us Paris is not devoid of amusement; the fthorities allow these patriots to have their say [thout let or hindrance, and the Seine lias aped from being set on fire, ^le army is grumbling tt the slowness with tiich the commission for revising the promoona, made by Gambetta, is working, and fesircs much to see Bazaine's trial concluded, ainst whom the proofs of not doing his duty Metz become blacker. The soldiers are Isliade more comfortable in the camps, though ley undoubtedly long after the flesh-pots of, jgypt, the barrack life ef the cities. On Clirist- |ks eve they kept high revel, plenty to eat and: " nk in honor of the time, and felt they were et only glorious, but o'er a' the ills of life. Ictorious. It is currently believed the courts- martial are till sitting, but so fatigued is the public with. heir proceedings that Ahe journals only rarely otice them. However the Government, to its pedit, is freely liberating, after a light investiation, numbers of prisoners on the hulks. The "iicial journal corroborates the discovery of gold New Caledonia, so "that those patriots who re to leave their country for their country's pod for the "fortunate" isles are to be envied. Tiere is an intention So send Rossel's farther as |puty to the Assembly, as was attempted in |e case of Baudin's brother. It is sad policy to fade 011 the dead, but in France there is lotliing like having a "body" to trail—a Sanquo's ghost. Christmas was never more observed as a holiday by the French than on this occasion -ordinarily a children's feast. It did heart good to witness old times ome back again. The churches were rell- filled with worshippers—duty, not fashion Brew many. The "midnight" musses of the Eve were "low" ones; the Government fearing to attract crowds ordered there should be no piusical pomp. The restaurants and toy-sliops remained open all the night: it is the fashion to I'sup in" Christmas Day—oysters and sausages, pnion soup, and truffled delicacies being the bill pf fare. As the children expect le petit Noel to Seposit in their tiny shoes, ranged before the chimney, some present, the toy-sliops did a roarngtiade. There never were taken up more home, saved from drinking their week's earnings of a few sous, to purchase the expected gratification for their little ones, and no Uoubt felt satisfied they had done their duty, the annual fair on the Boulevards is well- >tromsed. The terrible weather lias moder- Jjed, and there is 110 longer occasion either for ledges or boats to pass along the streets. The ilrussian solder," looting the goods and battels of the Gauls, forms the popular toy Now everyone is occupied in sending a card to rriends and acquantances in honor of the new year which for many is the only evidence that you have lived during the last 365 days. Of (course a present is antieipate by the youngsters it you desire to be regarded as a friend, and all those who have ministered to your comfort or discomfort during 1871, expect you are not a suflerer by any monetary crisis ; they adopt Wantons maxim-Audacity, audacity, always audacity. The post office clerks work night aud day to send off the mountains of cartes de Wife to every part of the world. One of the lavorite dodges to demand a gift is adopted «y some characters who assert thev S , y ° U I ] l ous and ® property from bemg burned under the Commune. M. Tliiers mreeogn^e the sovereignty of the Assembly 1L a ^it *o its President, when the .niT7^- drop , m on the chief of t}i e State— rojalfashion-by the time he has reached home. " ? the custom in commercial houses to adopt m bonor of the 8easo nurrL T, n > which die^T 8 "ith them. This year k™ ^ is a photograph of M. Thiers. s\<rnr>A i "f, a ?°"gratulatory address being S e M 1 to 1 ^ r ^ Presented tothe i Tonukr ^ +? 0n hiB reC0TOr y- ^ Prince sCe P UB count in , 7> as he is believed to S S Z r V °f France ' a8 he did in the K oa works to relieve her distress. Brazil , beard of Emperor of week he 'cL L + Y, ith e^ywhere. Next kitchen utensils ? e l ale of the ^P®** 