COMMEMORATION 05^ THE CON SECRATION TOTHE EPISCOPATE OF BISHOP SHORT, AND,PRESENTATION, TO HIS LORDSHIP. ' A service in compemoralion tif the 25fcli anniversary the consecration to the Episco pate of the Lord1 Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short) was held rin. Ohristcburob, North Ade laide, on Friday" evening, June 28, the Eve of the Feast of St. Peter. There was a large congregation, the church being crowded in every part^ His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, attended by Mr. J. A. Farguafon (Privats Secretary), was present, and there was a large attendance of the clergy. The service, which began with Choral'Even. Song, was principally conducted by the Rev. Os i n Dove. After the song, \- Tr.» > i - ^deacon (the Be v. Or Marryat) * ' '> n Psalm cxxii. 6th and ' "• ' q p- r for the peace of t ' .! ),r~sper that love thee. Peace i ■ t l ' .a, and plenteousness within thy . < s i or my brethren and companions' sakes, i now say, peace be within thee. Yea, because of the Lard our God, I will seek to do thee good." He said— It is a great blessing to be capable of a high and holy impulse; to aot for the time as the spirit prompts in kindness and liberality and self-denial, without any appeal to reason, and on no other grounds than the instantaneous flash of an approving conscience. It - was thus that saints of old in many cases showed their devotion. There was that in them that | responded at once to the touch of the Spirit of i God. They acted right'y» and did good spon- J taneously. Not less is the blessing derived from the retrospect of what is thus done when we find our reason agrees with, our conscience approves of, the impulse, and is grateful for the inspiration which has perhaps carried us beyond our ordinary selves. It is, I would hope, with some such feelings as these that we are now met together. Following a good impulse, we hare resolved to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the consecration of the first Bishop of the Diocese. Let Us hope that on reflection' we shall find that ^hat we have done is, in God's providence, more -than we intended—that in thinking of the past we are providing for the future ; that by our progress and action on this Eve of St. Peter's the hands of our Bishop may be strengthened to rule and feed the sheep and lambs of the fold ; and that the pastoral staff which is to be presented to him may be-like the rod in the hands of Moses—tha symbol ef that divine power which released God's people from slavery. Certainly this anni versary, small comparatively as it~ maybe" in itself, is significant of great thought both in the past and future- for- -the Bishop and for ourselves. The preacher then alluded to the state of the Church in the colonies at the time of the consecration of the first four colonial bishops in Westminster Abbey 25 years ago, and to its growth in South Australia since that time. The Church"had, thanks to the efforts of that noble Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, aided by the liberality of that lady whose name was in all the Churches, fairly entered upon the foundation of those numerous colonial bishoprics ifi all parts of the world. She had, to use the language of Dollinger, "as much outwardly extended as inwardly strengthened herself." To be the chief pastor of a diocese numbering thousands, who, while they respected authority, claimed the utmost freedom of conscience, was no doubt & high honor. To be in its full sense the founder of this Diocesan Church was no doubt a still higher honor, the Saxon Church, had many eminent Bishops, but only one St. Augus tine, The Archdeacon then addressed himself more particularly to the clery, stating this Was ft day of deep rejoicing, and praying that it mizht be one of special outpouring of the Spirit upon them. They should feel joyful at the occasion, but not make it a subject for idle boast. They should rather let their thoughts nerve them to increased diligence, more earnest study, and more frequentpraj er, that by Christian grace they might be enabled to carry on more effectually the work of Christ's QospeL Lay. men, too, should feel stirred up by this solenjri occasion, for they, too, had a vocation and ministry. The Church-was a body in which no one member was useless. Let one and -all see that they Ifulfilled their parr, bearing their share of the burdep. In conclusion he ob served that all present on that occasion should strive earnestly to take an active and prayerful part in the joint labor which belonged to ;the Bishop^clergjr, aud laity in common. The "Very Rev. the Dean (the Rev. A. R. Biusell) then presented to His Lordship a hand some pastoral staff, and an address, of which latter tha following is a copy " To the Right Rev. Augustus, by Divine per mission, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. *' We, your faithful Clergy and Laity, desire on the eve cf the 25th anniversary of yoilr Lordship's consecration to the Episcopal ( fficd, to unite with you in thanksgiving to our Heavenly Father for the mercy which has spared -you so long to occupy your place as Chief Pastor of this Diocese. During a quar ter of a century you have maintained in the midst of your flock, or in their behalf, a ministry of various amj.most unwearied labor. The '"ontra^t between the" present condition of, our Church in SoutE Australia &nd; what it was in 1847, affords abundant and substantial proof that your labor Ipw ' not been in vain in the Lord.' Instead of the four clergy of 1847, we have now 38; and instead of-the five original Churches, there are now 67, .besides Bchool roo-ns and temporary buildings for worship. But you have survived many of your best feUpw-workers. You now miss from your side some men by whose affectionate spirit your own was often cheered, and in whose ready oo-operation you found your heart lightened of its constant burden of care. In the roll of our clergy some names can no longer be found which were most highly honored in the earlier as well as the later history of the diocese. They have obeyed the bidding of a Divine voice *rhich called them to ' come up higher,' and among the laity in our various assemblies your eye will now seek in vain for some trusty comradcs and advkers, especially of those belonging to the energetic band of early colonists. They have gone before, as we trusty to make ready to welcome us when our turn comes to ' go hence.' Thus, during your episcopate, new and holy links of sympathy have been formad between the members of the Church here on earth and the blessed company of the faithful ih Heaven. It ia with feelings of deep solemnity, a3 well as of fervent grati tude concerning them that have ' fallen asl ep,' that we believe you will join with us ia the re trospect of a history so full of sacred meaning aad interest. "Congratulating you to-ciiy as our liisbop, our thoughts naturally revert to your diligent fulfilment in the midst of the congregation, of the ministrations specially appartaining to the offi:c of Chief Pastor; buf, above all, wo con template you as the head of the whole Diocese —as ruler and overseer. Here we cannot forget V *• dourly, h —f.-rfnec to the other Orders of ' hurcJj, >r»; ' .■' ? r<;:gnised, and how per riu?'.,. -" i 'l» red to assign to them •• : j-r.i 1 > 'c- o' uence and duty. You ■' ih' i fii" • ' be *a lord over us,' but iiavu i ike our proper parti n the general work of helping you to ' set in order* all things. The Diocesan Synod will; we trust, suryive as the best monument of your Episcopate. It has already created parochial endowments, fostered the growth of Heathen Mission and Home Mission Funds, and led to the establishment on a satisfactory basis of a Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund. Your Lordship was called to the charge of the Dio cese, in whichyouhad to contend with peculiar, and what must have seemed at the time, un. exarapled difficulties. But you have effectually vindicated the Church from the reproach of being unable to do its work except in depen dence on State support. Above all, we rejoice that in this Diocese you have been enabled to show to us all so clearly that in all matters affecting the regular ministration of religion, the interests of the clergy and of the laity aie one. How fully the laity have recognised this, they have practically shown, in the establish ment of a Church of England Endowment So cloty. which is likely to bo a valuable auxiliary to the Synod in its attempts to give permanency | to? existing ministrations. As another evidence r of the spirit of co- operation thus created, it has been your Lordship's h&ppiness; to live to Bee the walls of yout'Cathedral rising, and we trust that this happiness may be completed, by your being permitted ere long to consecrate some por tion of it'to the holy uses for which it is" de signed, -i- , . ■ * " This review of your Episcopate cannot properly close without adverting to the interest you have always shown in behalf of an educa tion af once Christian in its spirit, and duly respecting the consciences of others.. The noblest resnlt of this is the Collegiate School of St. Peter, which, under its present Principal and able staff of Masters, has taken the foremost p aoe among the educational institutions of the colony. ."-Last Qf all, suffer us to say that the Church over—which-you-preside hasT- maiply through your efforts, attained a singular privilege, inas much as it has formed an institution now self supporting for the Ohristianization of the native population; whilst among our settlers it alone has extended its ministrations to the remotest places in the bush. Such ministrations have .extended in the South-Fast to the Vic torian border; in the "West to Streaky Bay; and in the North to the districts lying within communication with Mount Remarkable and Port Augusta. In long and fatiguing journeys your -Lordship not only prepared the way for such sustained efforts, but again and again sup plied the_place of the missionary clergy when some stress of circumstances had occasioned their temporary" withdrawal. In the same spirit, in dealing with the vice and misery which are unhappily incident to life in our larger towns, you* in the work of the Female Refuge and other benevolent institutions, set an example which good Christians of different communions have gladly followed. " But, not any longer to dwell on particulars, it must be matter of deep thankfulness to every member of our Church that in our first Bishop we have had one to whom has been granted so "long a term of life, fend whe, through his whole " episcopate has so constantly fulfilled the Apos telic injunction—'Feed the flock of God, a ! much as in you lies, taking the oversight not by Constraint, but willingly.' " It does not become us to criticise or praise your Lordship's public and offioial proceedings ; but the act in which wa are now engaged would be unmeaning were it not the expression of our conviction that you have fulfilled your vocation inthespirit of those words of St. Peter. We thank God--for you, and with you, that your assembled clergy and laity can thus, on the eve of the Feast' of St. Peter, unite with a clear TniEd/amT with grateful feelings, in Buch a de claration. ' #e< ffusfc that you may still be -spared-for-a long time to maintain your place under ' the Chief Shepherd of the whole flock of God.' * " And we pray $o\x to accept from us, as a visible sign oi) our filial reverence, and as a symbol of your office, this pastoral staff. "We are, your Lordship's faithful and dutiful clergy and laity. For the subscribers, "A. JttUSSELL, "Chairman of-tho Committee." The pastoral staff which was presented to the Bishop of Adelaide on Friday evening may be'seen at Mr. Steinor's jewellery eitablishment, in Rundle- atreet. It is of Gothic design, and is divisible into three parts. The handle ia of blackwood, and the top is of silver, chased in the old Gothic style. In the centre of the crook is a silver figure of St. Peter, having in his hands the keys and the Word. 1 ower down are the crossed keys—one of gold and the otherj of silver; whilst immediately under this is a silver shield, bearing the inscrip tion u A. Adelaide. The gift of his faithful clergy ajid laity. St. Peter's,Day, 1872 " Part of tho silver is colonial, and the effect of the wor'-mafiship is'heuhtened by the many jewels which iare set in it, including ' amethysts, topazes, and garnets. The staff may be un screwed, and placed in a handsome cedar case, which wa3 made by Messrs. Mayfield & Son. Upon the cover of the cas-% above the handle, is a silver cross, and below a shield, with " A. Adelaide" inscribed thereon. The staff was designed by Mr. E. J. Woods, and the design has been admirably carried out by Mr. Steiner. His Lokdship, in acknowledging the presen tation, said—^ This pastoral staff, with which you, my brethren of the clergy and laity, have been pleased to honor my service of 25 years in the episcopate, is an emblem of the office and duties of a Bishop not less expressive than appropriate. It is'at once the symbol of loving authority and devoted obligation. It has also a twofold aspect and-regard. It lifts the thoughtr from earth to Heaven ; and thence carries them back to the wilderness of this world, in which the 4pck of Christ, purchased with His own blood, the special objects of God's care, is still wander ing. It speaks, -therefore, "to the inner ear devout" of faithfulness to the Chief Shepherd ; jOfj self-sacrifice, of love and tender care ; of vigilance and , boldness in defence of His sheep for wljem He .laid down His life of the " ready mini "' to do and suffer in their beiialf, scorning filthy lucre, or that more subtle sin, the love ,o£ power,' and dominion over God's heritage. * This staff, then, is the symbol of a respon sibility -awful in its pature, and vast in its ex tent. It is a teacher, not of pride, but humility; not of "^Boasting, but self-abasement; not of human strength, but carnal weakness; not of self-reliance, but prayer for help from the Spirit of God. - • In this sense alone, brethren, dare I receive it ' ai yotiF hands. «itfone know better than your selves that-"-it is a small thing to be judged -of man's judgment." I accept it, nevertheless, as ai token of your good Will. If, to use the lan guage of our' Ordination Service, I have* been among you as " a shepherd, not a wolfif I have fed and not devoured the flock ; if I have in any measure "holdenup the weak, healed the sick, bound up the broken ; if I have brought again the outcast, and sought the lost," I thank. Go*d in this behalf ; and I pray that " the blood of souls," perhaps, through my negligence, " Lost to be found no more," may not be imputed to me, for His sake who died for sinners. Again, it is difficult indeed to be " so mer ciful as not to be too remiss ; and so to minister discipline as not to be forgetful of mercy." It only remains, therefore, that I should ask your prayers, and the prayers of this congrega tion, as well as of the " brethren" in the diocese at large, that "our merciful Father may so endue" me to the end of my days 41 with the Holy Spiritthat ji e.iching His word I maybe, earnt st to reprove, Insfech, and rebuke,' with all patience and doctrine; and also be to such as believe a wholesome example in word, in conversation, in love, in faith. , That so ful filling my course, 1 may at the latter day re ceive the crown of righteousness, which the Lord the Righteous Judge shall give to all who love His appearing; even our Lord Jesus Cfirist, who with the Father and th Holy Ghost liveth ahd reigneth ever one God, world without end. Amen. s After the To Deum had been sung, prayer was offered by His Lordship, who then ad vanced to the front of the dais, and, with the staff in his. hand, pronounced the benediction, When tfie proceedings closed. The service throughout was most interesting, and very im pressive. The Binging was certainly admirable, Mr. G. Oughton efficiently presided at the har monium. The offertory was in aid of the Cathedral Fund. 