MR. PARXES AT MUDGEE. WE reprint below a number of extracts from the speech made by Mr. Parkeas at the nomination meeting recently held at Mludgee : Now I have not come to MIudgeo with any great desire for a esat in Parliament. And as a proof of that I will take no trouble to obtain one. As a further proof of that, I voluntarily, and of sty own free will, gave up my seat in Parliament about twelve months ago. Iteis only two years since I was eleoted aim ~tnoeously for two constituencies, ButC haveo come to Mudgoo because men, ?so are certainly amongst the loading mob of the country, have waited upon me, and impressed upon mo that it is my duty to go into Parliament. I say I occupy this peouliar position; I represent in this election a number of persons who in their bcharactor represent tho country. Ihave been urged by many men who occupy very con. spiouous and influential positions in this colony to return to the place which I formerly occupied in the Logislature. It was after esrious and thoughtful considera tiou thaii I at last said that if a suitable vacanoy occurred, and I can with the conourrence of the electors and with credit to myself return to Parliament, I will consont to be nominated. I was invited by an influential gentleman in this district to offer ayseolf as a canodidate when a vacancoy occurred. I took somo little time to consider the matter, and I wrote to one or two other gentlemen here, asking them to give me their honest opinion -as to whether it would be prudent and disorest for mo to offe~imyself, and telling them I did not wisg to obtrude myself upon any body of eleoctors, and that I did not wish to bqplaeed in any falso position, beooauseo I s fully aware that whether I became a candidato hero ornot, I could be returned in Sydney by men in the political world. I fool that this is neooessary in orderatbat the fullest light may be thrown upo? my future conduct, if you, as it is jusat possible, should eleoot me your ipresentativo. [A Voloo: You are as good as in now.] A gentleman who has alr ady addressed you has informed you that I was at one time in power. It is true I was for a period of nearly three years Colonial Secretary of tbhis colony. I did a numbbr of things I think a number of goodithings; some persons think a number of bad things; at all evdnts I did a numboer of courageous and strong things (oheeoors). I wish to explain the exact position I occupied i~i an overowhelming nmajority against any one. If I entirely consulted my owu feolinge, Ishould wait for avaoanuoy that will very likely occur soon:in the Sydney electorato; on being asked if I would booeomo a candidate for?ludgeeo, and being told that it was bolieved that I should be aooeptable to a ajority of the eleotors, I dooided to offoermysolf to tihe eleootors. Ibhave thns explfsined the facts relating to my coming her.. But I feel that attthis particular.juqturo of my life it it nooossary for a muohiuler oxplana. t.io'n-tbat I should expli n to you, and through you to the people N. S. Wales, my relations with certain 'ading men in theo adminittratioo. It iso ot usual to go into explanations of this ind; but the events of the last twel months have renderod this explanatio int my judge. mont, necessary, and twould not he right to myself or to the large body of my friends in the country, for mto not to make an explanation. I joined the Administration which was formed in January, 1806, by the present Attorney Gonoral, Sir'Jamnes ~Martlinu. I did not join that Administration on any oeffort of my own. I was far from being desirous of going into offieo. I had had oppor tunnitios of going into oflleoo on sveroral former occasions. When the first Admi nistration was formed in this colony, now somo sixteoen years ego, a gaentloeman, who was certainly amongst the first men of former timnes in the country, and who hold a very distinguished ollice, waited upon and asked me to becomoe a moember of hIis Admiiistration; but I unbhesitat ingly deolinod. At a period aomowhat lator I was offered acl ofico in another Administretion. I instantly dcolined Chat offer. At a period still later Mr. Charles Cowpor sent for me, and offered mo a seat in his (Cabinet; but I instantly deolined. These facts are evidenoo that I am not partionlarly anxious at any timo for office. Years wot onl, nod in January, 1866,' Sir Jame Martin was commissioned by Sir John Young to form ass Administration. At that time Sir James MIartin wee sitting in opposition. I also was sitting in opposition-but was not in any cloeo oommunibation with that gentleman. 'The Opposition was divided into two sections, I was identified with one section; Sir Jameso was identified with the other. It may he asked how I eame to join tlis Administration. Sir James MIartin thougiht lit to take thiis very singular oourse-a course which did not at that tirme reaoivw my approval, and ehieh would never receive my approval: he eopvoned a moeting o! all those mombers of the Assombly whonm hle con sidered hIis Parliameontary supporters. I did not approve of that courose. I believe the treo way for any gentieman vwho is honourod by the (rown with a com. mission to formt a Government, to not, is to fon done on hlis own rosponsibility, composed ofthlo hobest cnon of the courtn. try, without oonsultieg anybody; but Sir James MIartin convenced this moeeting of his supportorn. I woes not one of theon, I did not ttoend that nmooting. 1 did not belong to Sir Jameos ilartin's partioular oaetion in the Legislative Ahnombly. At thils mreeooting a resolution cas utanl mously pasoed lthat the first stop Ihe should take wons to scludlfor me. Sir Jamec hartlin, theoreforo, lrid no altcron tive belt'to nond for mo, eieid I tnus be. camo in striot reanon a )oint former of the Adminlttration. I thll Sir Jeamia Martin at once thlat I ,si s not desirouc o( entering officeo. IVIc anked' hlice, howoever, what offoer hie locnld ccckc me r if I consented to entlor ?hiceo, lie said, "I Owish ycu to take thl (Coloc iel Ileere • tary't olicaO." i thIo coaked .i hci, WIho wan to iee the (olcnli )l 'roccacurer ? Ilo stold, " Mr. laier." I Icieed mcIcy ncjeiC. tincA to c ilr. T>ccar, iml Ciic ctheclcic Ic Inotll ir eoctcOllllll oc c, vcc ooesldormblo length, I lslainoed hlust, this other geltle an wais superior to Mr. Eagar in his Itness for the office. The matter was fisilly arranged that if the Governmenoot wae formed MIr. Eager was to be Treasurer. I then asked him on the supposition of my joining the Admii nistration who was to be Seoretary for Lands? He mentioned Mr Wilson, the gentleman who at present filled the office. n urged very strong objections, and pro posed that Mr. William Forster should take the office. Sir James Martin argued very strongly in favour of Mr. Wilson, while I supported the claims of Mr. Forster. It was finally arranged, how oever, that Mr. Forater should be asked to take the officoe. I then told Sir James Martin that if Ijoined him I should be compelled to bring into the Cabinet with me some other gentleman who had been voting and acting with me in the Assem bly. I explained the ease thus: "You ask my oooperation beoonuse you believe I shall bring you support. If I were to allow myself to be absorbed in your Government, and if every other office were filled with your friends, I should lose support, because my friends would think that I caught at office osorely for the sake of its emoluments; and I should therefore fail to biing you that support which you expect me to bring." Sir James Martin then asked me who I wished to propose. I submitted the names of Mr. Byrnes, of Parramatta, and Alfred Tighe, then the member for Northumberland. The claims of both those gentlemen were discussed at some length, and it was at last agreed that Mr. James l~rnoe should have the office of Miniesff" or'Works. Sir James Martin conven Iiac nother meeting of his sup porters, and submitted the roesult of his interviow with moe. In convening that meeting he again sent for mue, and his first words were, " My friends object to MIr. Byrnes; they think he is not parti. oularly qualified to be a Minister of the Crown"-whiob I was obliged to admit '" and they think that amongst my friends theoro are gentlemen better qualified for oflice." I asked who they wore. Sir James Martin distinotly mentioned the names of Mlr. Maepherson and Mr. nMao. loay. I immediately said, "Very well, I have no further word to offeor; I retire at once." Sir James Martin then said, "If you make it a sine jula non that Mlr. lyrnea should be Ministor for Works, I ~ceept at once." I declined to make any condition. I would not go into offioo with colleagues who made conditions. He then said, "Very well, Mr. Byrnes shall go into office," HIad it not boon for the stand I mnado, and which I believo was for the interests of the country, Ihe would never have booeen a Minister of the Crown. PoGovornmont was thus pro. visionally ~sied, witlt Mr. Forator os Secretary faonds. Mlr. Forator, before aocepting oflia, took twelvoe hours to con. aider the matter, and he then brought a number of written conditions to the effoot that if he accepted oflico w o must do this, and we must do the other thing. I re member that Sir James Martin handed me this written paper, with some remark of an unreasonable oharacter upon it. I said that I did not want to see it-that if I agreed with every one of the coidi tions specified, I would not accept ofiooc with a oolleoagueo who made them, The sorvloos of Mr. Forstor were deoolined, and Mr. Wilson was sent for, and hIo made no condition whatever. Tlhis was how the Goveornment bcoomo formed. I have thought it desirable to state ex-c plioitly and particularly the eircumstances which attended the formation of that Government. * * * * * IHoweveor, to return to the former Admi. nistration. The time arrived when I felt it my duty to retire from) that Adminis tration. The reason I retired was, that it oaino within my knowledge that mise representations had been propagated in order to injuro me in the estimation of my friends. [A voioo: They can't do it.] The head of the Administration, Sir James Martin, was absent withl the Governor of the colony in Melbourne. In their absence I reqgoived a comminaion to act as Vice.President of- thblxocutivo Council, At one of thlo'beoutichp nmotitgs Mr. 1ngal, tlid (olonial Tronouior, sub. mitted a cao of insubordination on the part of MIr. ])snoan, Collector of Customs -that gentleman Ihaving rfused to obey the order of the Ministor. 1 adviseod thait ie should be compelled to obey. The oourse I proposed was adopted, and the obedtlience of the oflloor wonas, of course, scoured. Ir. Enjgenr after wards oalled at sty ofloo, andl thanlced mie for the manner in wlhich I Ihaid stootl by hiiii against the oontutnaoious subordinato. I'nlight men. tiol thlat Mr. Dsunean had boon for many yeaors a friend of mine, .uoihI lbesu neado it a law of my lifo to know ubn friends in politicos, Mr. )Dunoan valled upon me, thinking that Lulhould take his side. I told him that it was impossible for meo to litton to himc, and I ailso told himn the vieows I took with regard to his consluet toswards thio Tronasuror. Mir. Dunoan, in due tindsnbst in a written apology for what hlie I~'done. Mr. D)unean, thoughll a man of lot temper ind irritable dia. position, was a mIan of blameless chalorna tor. lIo was a man who had boon for a long time in the publio corribo, and was entitled, wheln Iheo retired to a super annuation allowanoo. If he were dis. mnissedol, hlie would lose his standing and the title to his suporanuuation allowaonce. [ thloughlt it was a very hard ease, andt nadlvised l Mr. lanigar to aooopt his apology. Noiwithlstaln lii g I supported hIi it this way, Mmi. Eaglar tlhoughut fit\o holave towards mie with a great. amountl of per. onal dlisrospet t antd I teolildoreld my roe aigioation. And altihough Sir James Martii ropeatedly ontrontod nis not to witlhdlraw from teh Adnilllstrimation, I porsioted ,iii 0withdirill\nlg. I have now oxplaiied htiowI tho?slsuo naseoiatid withli Sir Jasnlios riarthins Itisla Admninsitrotloi, [A voice : VWhat illout thle Klnlsllo gliout fJ I see thle Mudlge ghost eofore nie (Inugltter anid eoero). I rotirol on lite 17th of Sosptonbehr. In less lthan ul sitoisth aftlrwards tile Govornlncnt was, to stel sit expresion ii f Mr. JIIohn Il?oLrt ann, kiokild illt, a nolokd halt (hslUllhtelo r). I'lioTey woro dlefeateld notwithotandlilt I invi them I ny uipport anitd vte. tr, litn II IIerttIsI wset t' en sletll is filr by IJord Jiolutiero, and asked to forte a now Administration. .A new Administration was formed. I took my stand along with my friends in opposition to it. I conduoc ted myself as an opponent of that Govern. moot all through. I never believed that it was entitled to support; and I have never seen any reason to alter that opinion. * * * * * * After its defeat, a little more than twelve months ago, Sir James Martin was sient for to form a uew Administration. And I will now say something respecting the Goveoro. ment now in power. I must beg your 1st tention to what I am about to say. [A drunken individual in the orowd became so noisy that the Returning.officer had tol interfere.] I was the same person whom Sir James Martin spoke to after he had been entrusted with the formation of a new Administration. I was walking to the Assembly Chamber, and had reasohed Mlacquario.streot,when hen amo upin a cab on his return from seoing his Exeollnoy the Governor, He pulled up, discharged his carriage, and asked me to walk with him into the Assembly. He then explained exactly what had taken plaoo. He told me that he had boon sent for by his Excellency and that he had undertaken to form a now Administra. tions ; and to some extent we discussed the difiuultie surrounding the situation. In the course of conversation he mentioned the names of Mr. Robortson and Mr. Forster. It was therefore quite clear to my mind, and raiust also be clear to the mind of every man capable of conneoting: one thing'with another, that Sir James Martin entertained the idea of a combi nation between himself and MIr. Robert. son whilst be'was sitting in Opposition, and whilst he was 'rcoeiviig the support of MIr. Robertso'n's opponouts. That seuoh was the case must- be clear to every one, booeause Sir James Martin mentioned Mr. Robortson's name to me within five minutes after ho left Government House. I told him that the bare mention of it would create a storm amongst his friends. Bocause my belief in Parliamentary go. vernment is this: it ought to be carried on by two parties fairly representing the platform of principles. In England there are men who honestly represent what are known as Tory principles. Tory princi. plea, as I understand them, mean this: That tile people are not able to govern themselves. Liberal principles, on the contrary, as I understand them, mean this: That power should be extoendaed' to the people to enable them to govern themselves. IHitherto we have not had any defined parties in the political lifo of this country. I believeo that Parlia. mentary government is not safe, that it cannot work boneficially for the whole country, unless it reprosoate different sets of principles, and unless those principles are fought out fairly, fearlessly, and man fully (ohbeers). A Voioc: We wantagood Opposition.] I entirely:agree with that goentleman. The very fa'st of a combina. tion betweeoon Sir James Martin and Mlr. Robertson sgoemed to nio perfeootly start. ling, and caloulated to oooto the greatest alarm-not so muchl beoonuse they enter. tained opinions opposed'to eaoh other, but because these two gentlemen had been opposing each other in offico, out of office, on the hustings, in the Assembly, in fact, everywhere, for a periodl'of twelve years. They had denounced each other as the worst man in the country. How was it possible that suel a combination should take phoo between them unless mischief resulted to the country ? I heard overy. where that this combination was to take place; but I could not believe that Sir James Martin would do a thing of this kind until I saw it done. The combins. tion was formed, and then Mr. Robertson published a remarkable address. Firatof all lhe attempted to do this unprecedented thing without going before the eleotors, boeauso, as he himself made out, he merely exchanged one oflioe for the other. Ieo was Seorotary for Lands in Mr. Cowpor's Government, and took office as Colonial oSeoraetory under Sir James Mar. tin. ]oecauno he olanged one office for another, hie contendedl tihat he need not vacato his eat and go before his consti. tuents. The HIouseo, lioweover, passed a motion to the efloot that his seat was va. cant, and lhe was oornpqllod to go before his constiluooto. It \as then he pub. liosed the extraordinary address I have just now mentioned. Iu that address he exooused himself by saying that his Go. veroment wci beatca all to atoms, that there was nobody epft, in.lii Goveornmont but himsell(4 sd thergforo, said he, "I must desert to the oemomy" (laughter),. That was a pretty state of things, Wlhat wouli be thought of a soldlier, if, when the battle was against him, and his com rados wore dead or dying around him, be deserted to the enemy? Yet that in what Mlr. Robortaon dlid. Tllough an cx. tonsieo reader of hiatory,Inover reooollect reading of snuoh a ease of ahljeot minorablo dosortion as that. [A Voieo: And still they ocall him honentJaok.] (Laughter.) And what was the epndust of Sir Jamis Martin ? II~ had nil, opportunity beforo him of forming a fine 'national party, re presenting the true principles of govern. mont. lie was supported by good meon, who had gained a politiocal otending. Tlhey supported himi bosaus e e was opposedo to Mr. Robertson. Ilo frequently indulgud in conversation with thlon, and repreason ted Mr. lRobertson ns a person not to bs trusted; andl then all at onc lie goes over to hins, andt betrays his friends. Thatlnt trannaotli, ruiprosonta Mr. ltolhortnon n a ldoaorter, qtld Sir James Martin as a trai. tor (ohoors). I do niot weish to say any thing hero that I dare not tell Sir JaIoia Mlartin to lii faco; andl I am going to road a correspondelneo that tookl{ plna be. twean ius twelvo imonlth ago. I have iup to the prosnot thIu kept it snoret, iecanoi I did not 'vioh to mnake an improper use of it. I dlid not eishl to publlish it whilut he woas eforo him oa)itituiet*. I did niot winhli in any way to prejudge hls eloetion. Although to ldoputatiins waited upou me, anld olicited mei to offer snynelf as an op. pouent to his roe-olection, I deolined to inlorloro in any way; and I dlolined to imalui i{sown the eorroe?ponldenoo that took ilaeo ibetweon us, lbt I will Imaklo it known iow. Tihe cleotin was to take plne, I think, oni tihe 20t1D)oombe, r, 1870; Five oi six days bhefilr) hnt lnto I wrnlO ti Sir JaOrs MlarIltm the follois. in eUtlr :--e "Sydney, December 21st, 1870. " Mydear Martin,-I think I am justified in calli~g your attention to the following passage from Mr. Robertson's address to the electors of West Sydney: "' I have never hidden from the public the hope that' entortained, that the course of the last Government would have the effect of greatly allaying the unfortunate feeling that had blin en gendered, and had produced so much':acrimony between claes and close, country and country, creed and creed, of the people of our community; and I trust and believe that the determina. tion of the present Government to deal equally with all classes of the people will tend to still further cultivate the improvdd popular feeling in that regard, already so gratifyingly apparent.' "It is impossible not to recognise in these words the chargeo which has been persistently made by this gentleman against both you and me, for the worst of party purposes, for the last threoyeare. Under the new circumstances in which he is placed Mr. Robcrtson must intend to direct his chargeo againt mo alone, butI will not suffer myself to believe that you can have con curred in this artful attempt in the name of your Government to exasperate sectarian feeling against one who was long your colleague, and whose support and fidelity in that relation you have frequently acknow ledged. Nor can I supposb that you would desire to separate yourself from your former colleagues iu the responsibility that may justly attach to the conduct of your Govern ment. "This cannot bo regarded by me as a light matter, and:I am sure itwill not be so regarded by you. "?ornY :trly yurB . To that, letter, Sir James Martin re. plied the same 'day,in the following Ian: guage: :" Chambers, Elizabeth- streot, '21st December, 1870; " My dear Parkes,-I have just received your note. I don't understand the para. graphs to which you 'refer as you do. I do not see in it any attack upon the conduct of the Government of whichl you and I were members. For that conduct I, as the head of that Government, was of coursea reeponu siblo, and that responsibility I never at any time had the slightest intention of with drawing from." I think that the manner id which I acted on all occasions ought to have rendered your enquiry unnecessary. "Yours very truly, JA?lI?s MAllsN." To. that note I rejoined on the same day, in these words :- "M dea- "Sydney, Dee. 21,1870. ."y dear M~artin,-Your reply to my note surprises me. " Who do you understand to be alluded to in Mr. Robortson's paragraphas having set Class against class, country againsst country, and creed against oreed P We have had Mr. Roberteon's own interprets tion of it a hundlred times, in the application of his words, sometimes gebnerally to the members of your former Government, and sometimes more specifically to myself as one member of it. lIe never aliplied the words to any other person or set of por sons. "c ow comes it, then, that these words are so deliberately used by him, at this particular time, as a miember of your now GovernmcntP What is their meaning who do they refer to P " The chargeo is as well known as Mr. Robortson's other charge about Kohn and Co., which was hurled at yourself, for the thousandth time, three weeks ago, So long as this aonlumnious charge was mnsdo by Mr. Robertson in his former relations, it was a matter of indifiorence to me; but now that it is made under the shadow of your sane tion as the head of an Adininistration, I want to know in what light I amn to regard it. " If you do not see in those words ' any attackl upon the Govornmoht of which you and I wore members,' db t, ounseoih'them any attack upon me as .s emb r of'that Government P " Yours 3ry truly, "B lE T jaiKEs." In reply to this note, Sir'Jainsim sMartin wrote on the following day:- "Chambers, Elizaboth-st., ' "Decomber 22,1870. "My dear Pnrkes,-I do not" know whether or not you have any object in dragging me just now into a correspon donee on Mr. ltobortson's address, other than that which appears on thie face of your nbto. I am willing, however, to he. lieve that you have not, and in that belief I'nond you this answer. For nil ofilloial acts of yours as a member ot the Govern ment of which I was the hand, I anid our then colleagues are just asno responsible as you are. All thbaie nots had outr fullest concurrence. If Mr. lRobortson'a address implies (nnd I am sure it does rot) a con aure on any of those Anets, the pIresent Government lhas nothing to do with thalt censure, is no party to it, rnd repudiates it altogether. It'that address implies (as I do not roliove it does) a censure on you individually for some not of your own--nrot ofilcial, aud in which yourr collonagues took no pnrt,--thcn I harve nothing to say to it. It is a matter botweenr you and Mr. ]obcrtson, and does not andi cannot con corn ue. I say now, as I Irharve ahlray said, that our Government never did anythling to senot class against class, or stir up religious aiiosity in any way. If thloso things wore done, they were not done by our (Govorn. mieit, or lby you as a serlmber of it, but by persons opposed to us. We did our utmost to preserroe the public peace, and not im. pairtially to all parties. I would, in con. cluisidft, suggest thlint, if you want to ascor tain Mr, loblcrtson's exact manning, you should apply to tlhat gentlonan hiimnclf. " Yours trnly, " JTAMrIs MariinI." To which I replied us follows:- " Sydney, Deciember 21, 1870. " My dear Martin,,--My object in writing to you on the most mendaiolaus of Mlr. hiobertson'a cries against your Adlminristra. tion when 11e was your opponent being again brought forwarld now hlie in your colleague IIliHre boo to some extent attairned by your frill crkrknotltedgrnlct that you aind the othor"m'imborsn of your fornmeor (olern. Incnt are just an reapoiniblo for miy ohlloial acnets na a ileornbor of thit.Governnloent ani I srsl msyself. flilt owhen yoll take tlhe iberty of nuggesting to me that I nshould aptlly to Ir., Rtobertson lIlitnoelr for hisi ' exnct imetauirg," I muIsti rermind you that for live years you have counstantly icmpressnd Iuporn mn that hin word wras not to Iii ldepnd'lld ponri in anything, and thalit there was unthinrg uworthy which hi waos not ncapablle of dohtrig. "At you sany, that y,, re ,'sre the lu nansae ili 'r. ]tobcrtlson's iaddreau doir n not imply It coiniatlr oil arty of tile nuts of ytllr foririer Admiinllstr'ationi, andut that uoti dro lnlot bheve it as lithhi to ino it orsoratly, phrunts yoi will tell me what iu its snow rieantiirg, sl(r thltt I Imlay inot ie siIled fry ronrfounrtllng it wil tIIhe carluirny of lr~lh nries, which wsus eoiileditol in the unn?iO rinrid in the sanio hglitiurise, " I think some excuse may be made for the lrrpllexedl light In which I Itni colar pollcedl to viotv th i rangeo thingag thatt irer passing before me. For more than two years I and many others wore led by you, and induced to sacrifice our time and con venience to incur enmities, and too often to act against otr ocrn 'discretion and sensoeoa propriety for the purpose of ejecting Mr. Robertson from a place for which you were tired of aesdring us he was utterly unfit, and which he could not hold without dan. gor to the dountry. During all that time we neyer were told--I don't think any of us suspected--that tlhe real object for which we were contending was to enable you and Mr. Robertson to make terms in dividing between yourselves the offices of Statb. If? Mr. Robertson Was the proper person to hbe' Colonial Secretary, we might; have thoughlt not unreasonably that it would be best to keep him in that office when ho had all the.prestigeo id influence of being also the head of thi Administra tion, to enable him to be useful init. But I venturd to say that it would have been indigliantly resented as an asporsion on your charactor, if any one of your followers had been told "that you 'wereo' leading him into the a'rms of Mr. Robertson, Mr. Garrett, anhd'Mr. Eakford, "You must not thiik thisat I am exceed. ing the limits' of piropriety in"writiug to you in those plain words. You invited my eo operatioii anid received my. support on terms of hostility to Mr. Robertson, in gaining'tho pbsition which ohabled you to do what you'hsrve done" ;I, th'erefore, em entitled'to speak. : "You niy thinik tihat you have formed a strong Government. If a 'strong Go. vernmnt' can arise from severing political attachments, from bringqing political enoe mies into coinbihation in tle oplace of friends, from destroying the faith of tihe people idi oir publio moni, andTrom cront lag in the popularmnind'the ides that poli tical lifo is a jisggld, yoiur Goverlinmont has the prospect of being strong. "I have' written this without any abatoe. ment of my personal regard for yourself, if you will continue to necopt it, and without' any lchange inmy wishes'for your honoUr, and usefulness. 'Depend iupon it, hie is the best friend who speaks unresorvedly when there is need for it, and you are not likely to hoar much plain speaking from others. " Very faithfully yours, " HENlRY PAniKES. You will thus see that, if I speak'now in condemnation of this extraordinary noali. tion, I did not fail to speak to the:b author of it in just as strong terms at the time it took place. * * * * '* Now I will shbow you the misohief that' has aotually occurred. I will go to tho measures they have earriied into law,. The; first thing I wish to allude is the Act whibch the present Administration carried for'oroating a asm'all standing army. A bill was passed last session, to authorise the expenditure of some £20,000 a year in support of a small permanent military foroe. Some short time ago thi Imporial troops weore withdrawn from all the Aus tralian colonies; and it was contended that because these troops weore withldroawn,' it was neccssary to oroeato a military fornce to take their plaoo, and a bill was passed to establish this military force. That force, as explained in the Estimatoes now before Parliatient, consists of 230 men and I want you to listen to this. To direst these 280 privates, there are forty two offieoors (laughter). Well, of course, all the friends of those officorse thiunk it is a good thring. There isoneo commandant; one brigade.major, one brigade.paymus ter, four captains, six lioutonants, two eargeont'e.majors, fifteeoon sergeants, four teeoon corporals, four btombardiora (laugh. tor), two trumpeters, one bugle-major, four buglors (laughter). There is this heap of astaff officeors, regimental officers, and potty officers, amounting altogether to forty-two, to control a standing army of 280 meon (laughter). And I want to .know wlihit utility a force of that kind is likely to' be' to this colony. Suppobo this country weoro to be invaded by a for oigi enemy, do you think it possible for the colony to be defended by a force of suoh a charnotor as this'? You may rest assured that the only right way-the only' ititelligiblo, the only patriotio mwy of providing for the dafence of this coun try is td incroaso the Volunteoer force (oihelers). 'WeVo ought in this country to have a foroo of ten thousand strong, com posed of the flower of the young men of the colony, who would be identified with it in their family lifo andil domestio affoo tions. Will you mnake mo bolievo hat naSny rospeto!able young man in this colony would nacoept a shilling 'ud enlist as a private soldior? (Intorsuption.) ahat gontlloe man shall hlave an opportunity, bye.oand byo of opeaking in defence of his blooding country (lauIghliter and cheooro). This force of 280 men will cost £20,000 per annuml, * * * *' * 4 Any measure which ls. passed by the Loegislaturoe for 'doealing with the publio lands ought to be open to oevery man alike (ohoeer), It ought not to be opoli only to the pastoral tennntn) but to any reotiroed storekeepooeor, or to any man arriv ing in thie colony from England, Ireland, or bootland, who wisheo to buy'land. There ought to be one fair flid and no favour in donaliog with the lands of the country. I do not think it will hobe a ho. nofioial meaonsuro to thie equatters, ospoe. oinlly to the poor squatteors. There are many slquatter who are not rich tmon, hut cwho hold theilr runs by the forboaransoe of the banks. If this bill panios into nlaw, the bansls ean compel thlcueo mian to go and buy the land to mako their seourity bet. tor. Thas Chee poor soquattorn will hnao to pay somlo hundreds of poundis as inoe rost on money which they. would be obliged to borrow to purchasneo land that would ho of little use to them, whoroneas tlhey can got landl froum she Crown at nomaething like a farthing per ,are. It woulld be very miuol hiotter for thIem to ontlinuo as teuanlt of the Crown than to le coempolledl to iiy laid that would not boollt tloihem mul. But theo ill will lhoneofit thoo lequatter who hlave got fineo aiue andl who Ihave oinglOd out noie par. tiiularly rilch spots on them, malnd who by buyingl up these rich spots can found priincoly coatelo, and eiut out overybody olan. A enaiuro of this kind in inoqui. rbhil and unjust, nadi if 1 nam hionouredl wvith your uffragesn , I. shall certainly give liy opposition to this Laid Bill (applauioe. I to not winhli any one to sullponi I ann an oenomy to th leo a lthrs. I li not, I nm nonnihlo of tis vauine of that particular in. eorcat; fut I nuas dieaos uas of the faircnt termsnn beineg tmaidl wcith them ointient with what Is right nndl junt to the rest of the poploe. I ni willhing thait thiy shnaill ihavo lnd not wanted for PillliiineIInt at fsair anil rosonublo rllcp, I do not trwlal tito interfere.with their industry or inte. rests. I am strongly of opinion that the wisest policy 'of this colony is to form somdthing like a jusst valuation of th'o lands, to asecertain whIt tracts are fitfor pastoral purposes and' 'what traots for agricultural purposes, and tof sell those traiots that are only fit for pastoral uses to pastoral occupiers at. 2c. 6d. or 5s. aa sore. I have a perfect f?eling of alarm at large classes of the people growing up in this colony dependent upoon the Govern. meot in heir industrial relations. I have aways rjposed deferrbd payments by free soelctot for this reason. When the Land Bill of $61 was before the Parliament, I wae~ esmber of the Assembly, and I moveod an amendment to this effeot, that if the free soleotor could give vouchers to the Miaieter that he had complied with conditiods of the lawv,that he had resided on his selection, that be. had "oultivated aad improved It, that he had built a house, that be had made it his home, that he had made the wilderness productive, that the fee simple shotild issue to him with. out any further' pay riiits whatever (cheers), " I took 'a division upon the 'amodments, .and, 'by referiring t the Votds aod Proceedings or a file of news, papers of the time, you. will see the arguments I used. * * * * We bsive too many ~persons in this country who look' to 'tli'Gavronmonti for 'siipodrt,' They look to the Govoernmeit for sittua. tions for/ tioigfosne for. tholii soishs.in.low, or distant oelietives.} The oooner we get rid of that system the better for the counotry (cheors). iTho less the people of the country are connected swith the Government tbhe better it will 'ni. Theror fore, I 'imnltogBther opposed to croating i"' olasoe of"poersons, connected with the Governmont either as tenants or debtors, ahd I should be extremely glad if it was praoticable to see all the scquatters of the ceuntry removed from the oategory of Crown toenants (ohoers). But that is imposible,. So long as we have this princoly domain,and the pastoral pursuits carried on in the manner in which they are now carried on, the presoeot system must continue. But it is full of objection in itself. Of oourse it is impossible that those persons who are dependent in some 'way as tenants of the Criown uponGoveorn 'mont to have"thati fearless independence sand resolutd c'hairactr which belongs to a 'class in thoe old country, es. pooially those who had received eduoa tion and are supported by pro. party. There are oountry gentlemen ina England who are so 'proud of their positionsi' 'eimply "es 'country gentlemen and Edriglishmou, that they will not soeek 'to' obtai" any 'supioror title from the Crown, We wtiit men in the colony made of the same stuff. I hare dealt ith' throee' nmeasures of the Administra tien, tind I"belioeo clearly that I have giveon 'my views in irelatiodn 'to thelm; I now' desire to dial for a slhort time with some of ithe" anots 'of thebo Admiiistrstion. A govornment has' to perform two dis. tinot funotions-thole funotion of adminis. 'tration and the function' of logisletibon. It has to introduce biills'on various sub. jeotRs, d'oarr~ thedm' through Parliament, and t6 minako' ttioin into laws, which'nll of you must obey. It also' has to administer theiio laws when they are made; and, to conduct iustitutions that are established under them. I just want you to die. tipguish between those two dutioa- tie. making of laws and the 'admi. oisterlng of thliem. First, I will come to thote'aso of Mr, Duncan, the Colleootor of Cuotoms, and to whioch I have already ludod. Mr. Duncan was dismnissoed fromr th publio servioen by the Government of ir James Mlartin, in the latter part of 868, after I'had loft office. In fact, that was the canuse of my rotiromeat. Mr. Dunoan was dismised notwithstanding he was no old onioor, and that the Aot of distiosal woulrd deprive him of his super. announation allowance, to which ho had subsoribod for nmany years, and notwith. standing that it would ruin him entirely, You will admit that thalnt was a very strong not. Another person was appointed Col. lootor of COutimo by the Exooutivo Coun oil. This person was in no way implicated in Mr. Duncan'o conduct, and ho received hit appointment nas fair n0 any man could roooiov an oppointmeont. Mr. Rohortson amoo into offico, dismissed this innocent man, and reappointed MIr. Dunoan. Who. tlior'th noat was junt to Mr, Duncan or opt, you will at once oo that it was un. j'ist to the now man, boonuso ho had not cmmitted any fault. No, we ind Sir tjis Martin, iwho dismiassed Mr. Dun. o n, arid Mr. hlohortson, who took the Srong step of dismissing an innocent rman oid renppointing Mr. Dunoan, worlkinog tgetheor and supporting the Colleootor of sotom. 'Vhore two men, nwho did those oktrnordinary things, are now in offlioo thogether. I do riot oo i how I it s possible for thon to esonpo from thie dllemoma they ao it. They have either both notiled srong, or they are oomnprornmislng a groeat strong now (cheours), * * * * hto next thing I come to is the Counoil of Eduontion. That Coonnoll, no originally formenod, coansistedt of Sir Jamen Malrtisl, Mr. Speakoer Arnold, Profoosor Smith, tIe lion, George Allon, and mtysolf. It continued so untail I resigned, after hold. ing thie of?ieo for four yoearn. The Govern. mont appointed MIr. ,TSohn Fairfax, of the Syls .Moie y Jlrtg Hrald, to fill thel vsaneoy on ted lty miy retirmontot. 'I shouald not fool justified in onying oneo word to the dotrtitint of thott gent loalo, I ]know ihe is a staulnchl friendo of the Putblo SchoolsoI Act ; and I, as thie Miisin. tor wvhio in repoariblo for thaIIt Act, fool that the Act it safe in hit halldns. There. fore I nay siot a ingleo wordtl that coshld miliotate tininst Mr. Fairfax. ]ltt he ii the propietor of the only great jour. sal in thi colony--tle only jourrnal thalt hInn a great oiroulatlion all lithroughI the oslosy. .'lho (losnoil of Etsduatiloe. i, responaillo for the oexpendituro of .C110,000 per annuiim, in rsponesible for theI just ntlhiniistrntion of the Pulblio Sehool Anct. And I want to Iknow wtho. her thea journtl will ie psrthinir in erltioiniig Ithe cornductl of ithe (ounoll whilslt lithe chief proprietor of it is a meanr hIr of thie Coinoill ? (hiar, heaor,) I Ray it ewe la (ust an itliesOrPot, lIhouginillei, hltl rOctisthluraitn nsit Cto tItks(o rso nhll ep, pllh tilot, iThe lineo oflPrtofeer ltlls Ils. unit cesigmscsl, otlhi tsot be ituppllti. f1o' had for many years taken a greatinterest in the bause' of primary' eduaention in this ,olony,.without reward of any kind. He has lefi, however, and a gentleman of whom but littlo is koowno-Mr. R. A. A. Morehead--bas be'en appointed to the vacanoy. I do not know whether any of you eover heard of him. The interests of publio instruction will, no doubt, be safe in his hands; but I think that some geo tlemna 'whio was better known, who en j'oyed theo confidence .of tbo publio more, should have been appointed to Professor Siith'saseat (hoar, hear), * *. * [ now come to another signal not of admia.: istration on the part of this Government -I. mean the late Conferenuce at Mel bourne. [Mr. Purbes here gavoe a shoit history of the establishment of Br'deA customs on the 'Murray, and of'tbh' enterprise of the Victorian 'people in~ constructing railipays to the borders .of this colony. The whole trade of the southern part of this oalony, he said, had gone from uie, through. the , suporior sagacity bf our neighbours.] I can searoely oonoeive of a more irritating question to tbo inabnbitants along the Borders' than this 'question of .0ustoms, dues. Several' attempts were made between the Governmont of Victoria and the Govorm'ent of'thls oolonay to oomo to some rrarangonten. An agreomeet was at loeigth enitered' into,. which enabled goods to be brought nacross the Border free. That agreement expires in a month, and. unless another agreement is entered into, all that terrileo annoyance and irritation caused,by our collecting duties will be re newed; and it would be renoewed with ten fold bittorneoss, boouiso thle populatioi is much. more numerous. ' The people of Itiverina aroe beginning to tire, of tlie aunoyanoo, and they are beginning to olamour for separation into a distinct colony. And if we are so blind, so in considerate, as ngain to annoy them by plaoing Cusetoms officorers along the Mur ray, we shall drive tie people into a. e bollion against thie laws of the oountry. The Oonfcronoo with whibch I am about to deal took place in view of tile tormina. tion of the treaty, and with a view to a renewal of it. It was proposed iby Sir James Martin himeolf. That hebon. and learned gentleman oaused a letter to be addressed to the Government of Viotoria, proposing that delegates' from the two Governments should meeoot in Molbourne to oendoeavour to frame t new.agroeemont to take the place of thie one about to ox piro. I now say fearlessly that thoe con. duct of Sir James Meoartin and his col. longuos from beginning to end of thir Couforenoo was the oonduot of persons ignorant of what they were doing, or utterly incapable of doing it (applause). What teboy did was this: Sir Jamoes'took with him two of his eol! leagues. ?Why three gentloemern were ne· eossary I oannot undorstand. Ho toolk with him Mr. Docker and that transeond oent personage Mr. Georgeo Lord (aInughter). And he took with him a number of otheror persons. Instead of goirig by sea, nod visiting Mlolbourno as quietly as porssiblo, he wont overland, making a great parade of the ciroumstnncas all the way. le sent advices throo weeks 'beforehand, tolling the Albury people he was coming, Woll, the Alburv people, beinog four hundred miles from'Sydney, are always ready for some excitomont. If a telegram had told them that a Bongal rigor was coming, they would have looiked forward with anxious natioipation. In due time this Ministerial tiger arrived, and, as might have beoon expected, thie Albury people got up a dinner to him. oi made ao speech to the Albury people right in the ears of those sonsotivo people of Vicotoria with whom be had to deal, respooting a very tikolish and delicato subject, Ha told them that if ihe did not get justice he ahould not shrink from hie duty inplacing Oustoms offieors along the river again. Two years ago there was a very serious question to bo ?ettled between Great Britain and the United States of America arising out of the pirate shiip Alabama,' Another difference had arisen with regard to thie Oanadian filaoriean, Theso two great vital caunos of difforoneo hobetweeoon two great nations miight very oeasily, and certainly would, if Sir James Martin .had boon ortructed to carry out the nogo tiutions, hIave ended in a long, bloody, and protrnated war. But statesmen were selected by . theo Govornment of England to go to Wash.. ington to orndoavour to bring abnhout a peanooablo seoottlement of those two great' differences. Now, if Lord Grey 'nnd Sir Staffordl Noru theolo, and other eminent gentlomon who formed that dlistingulehodd comrmission, Ihad stopiped in Liverpool and allowed thremsolves to be entertained at a banquot, and they hadl told the Livorpool meorhants that if the Amerionn Govern Inont would not listen to reason they would put thire dolkyards n orider and have the Britioh navy nianned, do you thint they would hove boon received,by tihe Cabinet at Waishington ? They would even have lost for ever the good esteem of their own countrymen. Bitt yet that in exnaotly what Sir James Martin did. Ilo stopped at a town in our own torri tory, and nlloweod hIimnelf to' into, at a vulgar little dinner, that be lnd no.fear but thie Government of Victoria would lieten to reason and justioa ; but that if they woulid not, hio woultl tiot ohrink from dloing iris duty in pinoing COuratoiIs officers on the MIurray. lie awent on to Meleburntio, but the report of Iis iOcohe roaohel there robefore him. , T]Io proplo of Meolbourone i id taioy were not going to be bounced into anything,. And thur Sir Anncet Martin entered into liegotiationl under the most rrunfa'vourable oirotnirtanteoo possible. When hie goit to Nlolhourno, hioe' Inmodi. ntolly bogan to go alrout seeinglhto a alnt id whln ho onteredrl upon the work of tihe Conforonceo, hie took uip thie pooilion that hlo would hrve a certain cam of mionoy, and tihat unilonn thIe Vitorian uovnore riont gave it to him hii woutl dih ntothirig. Well, thie Mellhotrno (Government were nut disposed to bIo dealt witt li that, faHhionr, and ie lite noW, noter riding the high hornse, to come off that nnhlnal and enter upirn negothition in nacordaneoo with their toriiin. Pllnted nlr i l h d tlir byui e t ire Prorliriun, ,lolli' \VsY1onr, at ur e olii, of ithlr ItDnitsrsN g . Jatr(et.lqures, tinan, Jnuutry 111 liS, 