CHURCH OP ENGLAND. DIOCESAN SYNOD. Satuiiday, 2nd March, 1872. Fifth Day. Tho Synod met at 2'!i0 p.m. # I The President took too chair and opened with prayers. MINUTES. I Tho minutes of the last mooting were read and confirmed. notices. Mr. Bahnakd gavo notico of motion that the Secretary bo instructed to insert in any futuro digest or supplementary digest of the proceedings of Synod certain resolutions pussed at tho session of 1870. Canon Davenport to move that it he an instruction to tho committee appointed to confer with the heads of other Churches on tho subject of union to forbear doing anything in conducting suuh conference from whioh it might bo reasonably inferred that tho Synod de- sires or intends to relax or compromise the principles declared in tho laws and formularies of tho Church of England. Rev. Mr. Haywaud to ask the Rov. G. B. Smith tho names of certain books and tracts alluded to in bia lapsed motion of 29th Februury. CHltlST's COLLEQE. Mr Tariptov (by leave) asked the Bishop whether since the last session of bynod any communication had taken pluto with tho trustees ot Christ s Collego as to any prospect of tho re establishment of tbo collogoin any locality in tbo island ? iho Bisnui lead a letter ho had sont to the trustees, and also Ihoir reply, dated Fobruury 24th, to the eil cet that the trustees would not cousent to the re opening of Christ s College till all the dobts were paid, and till there wero funds in hand for the neces- sary buildings also that the trustees would enforce pa> ment oi the funds contributed for scholarships In reply to the Bishop s ouquirj as to their willing- ness tor a lal ger number ol trustees to be numod, thoy snid it could make no difference- to thom if the trustees wero increased, but tboy could onl) acknow- ledge trustees loyally appointed Ihat letter was signed by tho two remaining trustees, ThoB Reibe) and Chas Arthur His Lordship then said thero woro two plans, ono of whica ho would recommend for adoption, tilhor to obtain fiom tho Legislature a charter of uicoiporatioii, or to ask tbo Parliament for power to veft in tho b\nod tho property, and to cany out tho object for which the oollego was originally opened Ho suggested that Mr tarleton should move toru conimiltto to sit during the recess to see how fal ono or tho other of thoso plans might bo carried out. Mr. Tauleton gavo notice that the Church Advo cato bo requested to prepare tho draft of a bill of incorporation, and that a committee be appointed to take up tho mutter. »Ei'ours. Canon Daveni-oiit brought up tho report of tho trustees ot tbo Widows' and Orphans' Fund, which was received and ordered to bo printed with the records. Also report from Messrs. Solly and Lovett, ap- pointed to examine the dobontures ; which was also ordorcd to bo punted with tho records. MOTIONS. Archdeacon Davies, pursuant to notice, asked Mr. Sharland how tho money subscribed as a general endowment of the Church bad been invested '< Mr. SiiAm.AND replied that it was many years since ho had had to do with it ; ho boliovod tho monoy wus invested in debentures, and ho thought thaïe wus somo money in tho Savings Bunk ; but the Dean could tell moro about it than ho. Tho Dean explained that on February 8th, 18G0, tho Finunco Committeo reported that thors waa £104 4s. 8d. in tho Bank of Australasia towards the Church Endowment Fund, £100 had been laid out in purchasing ti debenture, and tho bulauce waa placed in the Savings Bunk ; Uni amount had increasod till it was possible to buy a second dobonturo, and now the sum in the Suungs Bunk was £108 0s. Od., more than enough for a third debenture. (Hear, hear.) Alter u few words by Dr. IJutlek in favor of the necessary information being sought out as to tho intention of the subscribers, u committeo, consisting of tho Dean, tho Archdeacon, Dr. Butlor, Mr. Lovolt, and Canon Davenport, was uppointcd to report on tho question on Monday. the niroN vund. < Rov. J. T. Gei.i.uiiiani) moved, pursuant to notice, that in the opinion of this Synod it would bo for the welfare of tho Church that lill tho Church funds, in- cluding the annual recoipls from the Ripon Fund Trust, bo placed undor tho ¡inmediato control of the Synod, lia rogardod it as a business principle, and did not desiro to muko any complaints us to tbo administration of any of the lunds. Rov. G. B. Smith seconded, but said ho did not think tho object would bo carried out. Ho approved of tho principio of tho resolution. Arolidoacon Davies said itwiiB a matter of legality, as ho did not think it could bo dono. He explained tho origin of tho fund, and said tho monoy hud been expended for missionary purposes und tho ac- counts published in tho Church News, from timo to lime, but if it could ha done, he thought it would uot bo politic. Mr. Taui.eton thought thoRlpon Fund was all that wus i cully iuvolvod in the motion. Tho money was invested in the Bishop und two Archdeacons, and ho thoughtit would bo un wiso to interfere with the trusts. Ile moved iib an nmondmunl that the Bishop he request- ed to lay boioin tho Financo Committees iistutcment of tho modo in which ho proposed to disposo of tho Ripon Fund. Rov. Mr. Gklliiiiiand bud no objection to with- draw his motion in favour of Mr. Tarluton's amend- ment. Canon Hales said as far us tho Northern Arch- deaconry wus concerned the Bishop bud always acted upon tho proposed plan from your to year. Dr. Butlku expressed his disapproval of the mode in which tbo Ripon Fund waa appropriated at present, ia supplementing tho stiponds of stated incumbents, seeing tho original intention wus for missionary purposes Mr. S. Westiiuook roso to order, and said thoro could bo no question us to tho trusts being in tho Bishop and Arohdcacons, and, thoroforo, it was a waste of timo for Dr. Buller to oxtond his observations. Dr. Butler said ho could not support the motion, mid After a fow remarks by tho Archdeacon, the motion as amended wus »greed to. Tho Bishop gavo his assont. l-AUOCHIAI, llOUNDAUIES. On tho motion of Archdeacon Davies, tho committee to enquire into tho boundaries of parishes, and to consider the future amalgamation of cures, with tbo addition of tho na in o of Rev. A. Wuyn, wus re appointed, to report on tho first day of next sossion ; niter a discussion in which Mr. Justin Biowno, Mr. Taileton, and Canon Huies took part. BOTHWELL CHURCH, ETC. Archdeacon Davies, by leave, withdrew his motion, " That it is dosirablo thut a grunt should bo obtainod for tho church mid churchyard at Bothwell, and thut such grant should bo issuod in tho name of special trustees, A. Reid, E, Nicholas, and W. Bedford, Esqs." «SPORTS OP SELECT COMKITTEEB. Mr. MoAruell movod that uny select committee sitting during tho roces« bo requirod to furnish members of Synod with copies of reports one weok boforn tho mooting of Synod. In stating his reasons for tho motion, ho said a similar regulation prevailed in tho Synod of Sydney. Mr. Sharland seconded tho motion. Mr. Sully supported the principle of tho resolution, but suggested thut committees ho required to sumí their reports to tho Secretary of Synod a wook boforo the meeting of tho Synod, that ho might got thom printed and copies sent to tho moinbcrs. Canon Davenport thought tho timo should he threo weeks instoad of ono. 'Aiter a lengthened discussion tho motion was passod in the simpo proposod by Canon Davenport, substituting three weeks for ono weok. SYNOD EXPENSES. Tho Rev. Seoiiktauy movod, pursuant to notico, "Thnt the printing and other expenses of tho Synod for tho present year, with tho hillanco of exponsos for last your, bo chargod as formerly to a fund to ho contributed pro raia by tho churchwardens oi the sorornl cures represented in tho Synod, tho rute for tho present yonr being one pound, and ouros return- ing two representatives paying ii double rato." Mr. Sharland seconded. Canon Halls thought itwaB necessary, in addition to Illa Synod expenses, to provide for oxpenses of carrying out tho regulations of tho Synod, such us thoso under tho Ecclesiastical Oil'oncos Bill. Ho thought thoy should havo means of currying tho bill into ofioct, if it woro dosirabla to have a Discipline Bill at all. Ho fancied a largo sum would not ho wanted, hut he would embody his views in nu amendment that tho Fiuancn Committee in conjunction with the Secretary shall aftor oach session tako an account of tho Synod oxponsus, and having iiddod n sura fur other demands lovy the amount;»'« raia, Mr. Tarlrton thought tho Rev. Canon was an- ticipating tho discussion on the question ' of coBts undor tho bill, und ho suggosted that ho should dofor that question, Canon Hales acceded to tho proposal, and, After somo further discussion, tho motion wbb agrood to. KKPORT. Archdeacon Davies brought up a report of the Seloot Commiltoo, appointed to considor uuiaiiB of increasing tho gonorul Church fund, tho consideration of which was deferred. ItOMANISI.NO HOOKS. Mr. Barnard roso, pursuant to notico, to call the attention of the Synod to cortain books which profess to bo Churoh of England publications, with u viow of putting tho mombors of tho Church, both lay and clerical, on their guard against tho Romanising teaching which thoy contain. Ho said it was upwards of twonty years ago that ho was tho first to point to tho circulation of nn objectionahlo work, " Stops to tho Altar," and when ho montionod to tho Synod that somo of tho contents of that book woro the snmo as "Tho Gurdon of tho Soul," they could rondily account for the indignation cuusod by tho fuot of its being promulgated as Church of England teaohing That book was put into tho hands of a lady, who handed i( to . roUtiv«, «ho put it into ' his (Mr. Barnard's) hands, which lod to tho formation of a looiety for maintaining tho pria, ciplcs of the Protestant Reformation in Van DionWi Land, and of which he (Mr. Barnard) wus one of the hon. secretaries. It was conducted by many of tho clergy, and the laity almost to a man supported it That was before they had a Synod, and public feeling bad no other outlet. History repeatod itself, and be (Mr. Barnard) found himself, aftor tho lapse of twenty years, following tho samo courso in reference to two books he held in his hand, which wore evan more objectionable than tho book to which he had referred. (Hoar, hear.) It waa in tho knowledgo of the Synod that a notice was given a fow days ago bv a rev gentleman on the sublet of those two books but it wus not pioccodod with, for good and suflicioot reasons, which that rev gentloman would bo bettor able to explain than ho But he (Mr Barnard) did not feel satisfied, and after reflection he thought it hu duty to call attention to the subject, for he bud called attention to one of them, "The Priest i Prayer Book," nt a meeting of his fellow parishioner« and pointed out some ot its teaching, and he con' udered that he should be guilty of moral cowardice if he allowed " that fear of man and carnal policy which they prayed daily at tho commencement of tie Synod to be delivered from, to prevent him-if be hesitated to come lhere and point out lbs objectionable contents of that book, and to chai lenge any one to stand up and defend it and thcro ho was to do bo (Applause) There wai another book, " An Altar Book for Young Persone Thoy professed to be Church of England publication«, and were manufactured for the purposo of boing uW by members of the Church of England They abounded in Romanising teaching, and it was quit« right it should bo mado known to tho Synod, and that suoh steps should he taken as the wisdom of the Sj nod might dictate (Appluuse ) It was right to say he (Mr. Barnard) admitted he had no tangible evidence of their being used in the diocese, with odo exception, which frem circumstances ho was pre eluded from taking notice oi , still facts went to satisfy him that there might bo a possibility of other copies being used, and it was sufficient for him to come to S) nod and to ask that tho mombers of the Church might be put on their guard against the Romanising teaching oi books of that description Ho felt bound to show what prsof there was that the books wero so objectionable. He should be happy to feel thitt ho bad full latitude in discharging the duty he felt incumbent upon him. (Applause) Mr. Barnard then described tho Priest's Prayer Boor, which professed to bo a publication of the Church of England. In the preface it says :-" This volume ig designed as an appendix to the Book of Common Prayer, and to provida the parochial clergy with offices and collects for thoso occasional ministration! for which no formal or authorised provision has beca made." " It will bo porcoivod, even upon a cursory examination, that the objoct of the Priest's Frayer Book is not to suporacde tho use of tbo Book of Common Prayer, but to bo merely ancillary and subordinate to it." It contains 182 pages. Pago 4 ia on tho subject of " Self-examination," and arnon; other questions aro these :-" Havo I broken my fast boforo celebrating without positive necessity ?" " Have I joined in tho publia worship of schismatic» or co-operated in the working of religious socioticl directed by thom f" Thon there is auricular confession. " 'J be priest hears the confession with- out interruption, unless it be necessary, as where tho penitent is afraid toeonfess, or does not sufficiently explain tho number and kind and circumstances of his sins. He observea what is necessary, and enjoint a penanc«, varying ai tostóte, condition, age, sex, disposition, &c.; The penitent promises to perform it." In " Notes on Confession" wo have such us ¿Sa following : " Tho Church, or at least its vestry, is the proper placo for hearing confossions. ... The priest when hearing confossions should be rested in cassock surplice, and violot or black stole." " ft is sacrilege oi the very gravest kind for tho prient to disclose what has been rovcalcd to bim in Sacra- mental Confession. His silonco must extend (1) to all things actually confessed of which ha may not Bpeak, out ot tlio oontessionul, oven to the penitent himself, oxcept by desire or permission of tlio latter; (2) to tho offences of other porsons casually referred to in confession, nnd not otherwiso kno»vn to the priest ; (3) to all hints, inuondoes, or direct reference! as to the mutter of confession, and, us a rule, to the names of the penitents. If tbo priest meet withe cuso with which he does not know how to deal, and for whoso treatment ho must soak advice, ho should slalo it in such broad and general terms as to «void any probability of identifying tho person on whose behalf bo makes tho inquiries. Tho obligation to silonco on tbo part of tho priest dots not terminals with tho death of tho penitent, but is perpetually binding." There is blessing the inconso, a crucifix, a oross, a church banner, prayers for tho deed, alio tho sovoii deadly sins, and remedies for sin. "In prolonged cases of lust, severo fasting and herd lying oven on tho floor. In extromo cases, sclf-in liictcd and sharp physical suffering," and even person! aro directed to " take ii chip ot quassia." (A laugh.) There uro moro soiious and solemn things in the book : Transubstuntiation* and Consubstantiatiou, "Therefore whontliepricstbroaksthobrcad and blesses tho cross as Christ did, and says in the Consecration Prayer tho words which Christ said, tho bread and wine becomo verily and indocd the body and blood of Christ." " Wo cannot tell how the bread ind wine becomo tho body of Christ, oxcept that it ii by tho power of tho Holy Ghost exorted in tho act of ? consecration through tho agency of tho prioste of the Church, lo whom Christ gavoauthoiity." " Theran Bccratcd sacrament is the samo body which wnecruci fled, only prcsontcd to our Bight under another form." Now, if that was a fit book for the touching oi mem- bers of tho Protestant Church of England, ho (Mr. Barnard) would declino to bo Ion cor u member of the Church of England. (Choors). There was the other boole. " An Altar Hook for Young Porsons," eleventh thousand, printed for tho confraternity of thoBloiscd Siicramont. Itcontaincdagroatqtiantity of Romanising touching which ho would not troublo the Synod with. If tho Synod was mado sensible of tho true character of the book that bo 1 y, composed of mem- bers of tho Protestant Roformod Church of England, must approve of tho courso ho (Mr. Barnard) hid takon. Ho laid stress on the word "Protestant," though ho know it was distasteful to some member« of tho Synod, bowiuso, na in tho days of old, they wore now airain protesting against Romish doctriae being foisted on thom as tho touching of tbo Church . of England (choors), and ho (Mr. Barnard) wai bold cnoiu>h to appeal to his Lordship, in the language of his episcopal vow, to "drivo nwny and banish" from tho diocoso tho heresy und falso doctrino (hit would bo propagutod hy tho uso of hooks of tbit kind. (Cheers.) Rov. Mr. Stackuoube seconded tho motion, and io doing so said it was vory muoh at his instanco that the Rov. Mr. Smith was induced tho other day lo withdraw his motion on tbo samo subjoct ; for it mi unfair that ho should boar tho blame if blame then wero. He (Mr. Stackhouso) agrcod fully with Ile principio of that resolution, but he objected to some points it contained. In tho present case it wai I simple matter brought beforo thom. It anpewed to him char that it did not indicate any individual. They did not know who had causod the books to bl imported ; ti ey know thoy had boon sont out to order, that thoy wero recommended, and that the» wore for ealo in tho town ; that waa all thoy know, all they asserted; and they , wished to disclaim any sort of imputation that thoso books woro beinir circulated by memben of the Church at all. (Hear, hear.) Tho booti were brought beforo thom, as thoy hud happened to find thom out, und having been imported thoy coull not but conclude thoy wero intended for circulation in some way ; thoreforo thoy thought it right to bring thom beforo the Synod, and suggest that their brethren of tho clergy and luitv should bo wined respocliiiK tho subject matter. Ho (Mr. Stackhouie) had no doubt thoy contained some good things, u Latimer said, thoy contained woods aud herbs; but whon ussocintod tho woods becamo moro dangerous, heoauso t'ioy woro oonnocted with herbs. Those hooks contained a groat proportion of woeds, and weoda of tho most noxious and dangerous character; ho might havo usod strongor torms. Hodared toiaf that montion of tho hooka would in somo way tondto incroaso thoir circulation ; but thoy might havo been circulated undor different circumstances, and mon misnhief dono than now that tho warning voico »as J raised. It seemed Dr. Valentino bought ono of toe Prioat's Prayer Books, and no doubt othors would be ; sold, and he (Mr. Stackhouso) thought thoy were m duty hound to raiso the warning voice, for they ( could not bo blind to what was going forward in the Churoh at homo. Ho could not but romemher wart took placo in thisdioccao somo years ago ; somo would call to mind that thoro was thou a strong nocessity to mako a dotorminod stand against tho introduction ot Romanising publications, and if thoy did io then, why not now P If it bo said thoro were somo gow thing» in thoso books, ho (Mr. Stackhouso) woned that in that caso tho obnoxioiiB things wore tho mon) dangerous, and it behoved them to tako the steps they worn now taking, to put thoir olorical and lay brethren on their guard. (Choors.) Canon Hales said ho folt considorablo difficulty n tho mnttor. By tho resolution tho motor first flf sirod to bring'bol'oro tho Synod a certain matter, and thon desired thom to tnko moet important publio aotiou as to oortuin books which he wu aware woro published iu England and used 'J certain clergymen. With thoso books ho (Uno» Halos) was unacquuintod, ho nover saw them bofore, and bo was plucod in this position, he wss caliea» to judgo of a book of which ho know nothing. «' felt that ho carno to tho Synod to do importait M* ness, not to oritiohso beoks, and to ussiet m fort»"! an Index Jiipmyaloriut, If that commended IP» to somo minds ho (Canon HuIcb) felt ^<^ñ\ that was a body who met for a short t""»!l,lTJ of weight in tho community, mon of oductlioj lind intolligonoo, to attoud to oortain 'un.0.t,°DL" a Synod, hut mot under oiroumstoncos wnicj n» dorod it impossible to do that kind of wort no» required of thom. Ho (dinon Halos) ¿a m profoss to bo n learned man, but « «"J nary parson of tho Churoh of England; M"» a good many books, and tho moro M «.«. tbo moro ho felt that ho should bring » «¡J mind to thoir consideration, such as no not do in suoh un assembly ; ho *«. calle! nut uo in suon nu ussuiuuiy , ?.« -- ., upon to do a thing for which ho was not P'"r"ri but tho answer might bo modo, " Shall tho mu«'« go on f lloro*» a caso Involving a Borious «ohm " complaint, and notion should bo token." lue «ni«» he (Canon Hales) made was, "Put me in ii»» ' position that I shall be «ble to act. (Hoar. M»'J carne here to join ia legislation that wiU b» »"Vft legislation that we can force membori of »/.» » nbide bv " The rev. gentleman went on to obsorvo that ho did not 100 that tho resolution put him in that nosition ; had those porsons who felt agunoved hoon ïroDared to state a spooiflo enso against any one, that tho Church authorities could toko cognizanco of, it would have boen'different. But while it was a case of moro suspicion it was impossible to adopt tho oourso of appealing to them, and tho whole thing resolved itsclt into a myth, on which thoy could not not. fOhcors.) And supposing thoy had n enso which would justify their appoaling to his Lordship, ond ho cither could not or would not satisfy thom, thov michtcomo to tho Synod to bo rohovod from tho difficulty, and ho (the Canon) waa satisfied thoro »us not a member ol' the Syuod who would not help ; ho abo Canon) Bhould, with all his power, assist thom in such a case. But ho refused to look at that book now and how could ho judge of its contents ? As for the extracts which had been read by Mr. Barnard ii was well known that thoy could almost make any book anything they pleased (a laugh), and tho pro- bability was ho could do so wero ho to look at that book- but he did not condemn it, as he did not know'anything about it. Ho was in tho position of being a judge with evory part of tho ovidence withheld, and what were they to do? Mr. Bahnaiid : Have the hook road. (Laughter.) Canon Hales : Supposing wo havo intullect hero sufficient to understand that hook (a laugh) ; wo know that in England tho ablesL judges and advo- cates are poiplexed and renuiro tho application of the ucutcst intellects to decide on such mattera. My Lord, I must opposo the motion, for it is impossible to talle any notion upon it. Canon ÖAVENronT moved that na tho object of Mr Barnard had no doubt boon attained, the Synod proceed to tho consideration of tho next order of the day. Ho thought that Rome itself was tho only place in the world whoro such a course us that now proposed could bo adopted; thoro tboy hud, a certain congregation continually sitting, in order to find out nuughtv books (a laugh), and putting thom in tho Index Expurgatorias. But roally with all tho learning in tho Synod (a laugh) tho ability to do Fach a thing was not thero (hear, hear), and whilo they wore sometimea subjeotod to ridiculo from without, thoy would deaorvo a great deal moro ridi- cule wero thoy to sit thore ia judgmont on books picked up nt a bookseller's shop. (Ho _ Canon Davenport) had a great many bad hooks on his sholf. (A laugh.) Tho Bishop : Do you circulate thom ? (Ronowed laughter.) Canon Davenport : No, I do not, my Lord, but I have thousands of books which have como into my hands at different times, and among them aro, no doubt, «orno vory had books (a laugh), and if my friend, Mr. Barnard, wore to go to Mr. Banka Smith's library ho would, I daresay, find some vory bad books. (Renowod laughter). Wo know thoro is not only an infinite numbor of good books, but also of bad books, and ono of them has boon rofcrrod to : I don't like i the book, it contains what is, in the highest degree, objectionable ; but becauso of tho fact that such a look is on salo as a market speculation ut one of tho bookseller's of tho town, I don't think it worthy of tho Synod to cast a reflection on Messrs. AValoh, or whoevor it may be, moroly to gratify its indignation at the contents of the book. I don't think this Synod ¡9 convened for any such purposo, I think wo are met for vory important practical purposes, which aro hindered by entertaining questions of this kind and having them on our records. I move that tho Synod do now prococd to the consideration of tbo noxt busi- ness. (Cboora). Hon. Mr. Kbn.veiii.ey noxt roso. The FitESinENT asked if ho were going to second the amendment? Mr. Kennehley : No.my Lord, I was about to speak on the resolution, not to notico the nmendmont, hut I will wait. (Tho hon. gentleman resumed his seat.) Tho Pufsident : Docs uny ono second the amendment ? Thero being no responso, Mr. Kennerley pro- ceeded, and said he could not, us a member of tho Church of Englnnd, but admiro tho very trilling language aud mnnnor in which tho last speaker, u dignitary of tho Church of England, hail mot tho resolution. (Cheers.) Ho thought tho gentleman who introduced tho subject had doue so lrom praiseworthy motives, and was entitled to tho thanks of that assembly. (Renewed chceis.) Ho could not dony »hut hnd been said thnt thero could bo little or no practical effect arising from tho motion, except that in tho words with which Mr. Barnard concluded his address, words of solemn import rolaling to tho thargo and responsibilities which full on tho Bishop of tho diocese. Ho did not consider it out of placo that luch s motion should bo introduced and seriously considered by that assembly ; for if books of that kind had been sent for was a fact, or weio to bo obtained and purchased, and if thora wera grounds to presume thut thoy wero ordered, it should bo known to all. Mr, Barnard had alluded ton timo un toi ¡or to his (Mr. Konnorloy's) arrival in tho colony, but tho agitation pioduced by tho facts montioncd had not subsided when he carno hero ; ho saw pub- lications on tho question, and from thoso publications ho was not surprised at tho admission mado by tho last Bpeakor that ho had somo naughty hooks on his shelf (»laugh,) for ho (Mr. Davonport) was considered then a very naughty boy, (a laugh) and thnt ho was going headlong to the Church of Rome, and it was a happy thing for him that ho was stopped in his down- wind coumo. (Chcors.) But it was a bold thing of him (Mr. Davonport) to mako light of tho accusations against the clergy at that time, somo of whom had stopped before thoy over- renched tho prccipico to »Inch thoy woro tending. What did thoir late revered diocesan Bay in that very room, when re- ferring to Piisoyism und Trnotiirianism and especially Tract No. XC? That ho went so far lo the oilgo of tho precipice us ho could, and ho looked back to tlio timo and tho occasion with fear nnd trembling. That was his caso, and hs earnestly hoped thnt thoso clergymen and othors, who looked at tho books in question, would not vonturo to look over tho precipice (flear, hear.) Ho (Mr. Konnorloy) had boon dclightod with the oxprosBions of fooling of tho Bonn on tho previous ovening, on the subject of union umong sister Churches ; but how could thoy over extend tho hand of fellowship to any of tho othor Protestant denomi- nations, if they did not purge themselves of tho sus- picion of cherishing books of Romanising tendencies ? Iftlmy did, thoy would becomo .Tesuitic.il in their conduct, for it was an ossontinl foaturo with tho Jesuits to shako bands with ono hand, and stab with thoother. (Hoar, hear.) Tho principle of Jesuitism went to destroy all civil and religious liberty, and that was why it became nocossary every now and then to banish tho Order from tho kingdoms of Europe. Ho(Mr.Kennorloy) said in dofonco of Mr. Barnard that his motives woro as pure as could bo ; ho know nothing could como of tho discussion, and ho did not know that ho should havo taken nny part in iii, if it woro not for tho modo, tho lovity with which the last speaker troatod tho sub- ject. His (Mr. Konnorloy's) feeling was this: rho progress of the Church could not bo impodod in say way if they wero only plain and straight- forward in their donlings ono with tho othor (cheers); tho clorgy und lnitv, with tho Bishop and disnituries at the head, bearing; in mind that thoy belonwd to tho Roformod Church of England. Ho (Mr. Kennerley), in a great measure, agreed with what was said by Canon Bromby nt the proviona iittiog; hofolt deep and lasting attachment to the Church of his forefathers, whioh had oxistod for conturie« and centuries, and whioh had maintained I ¡ho principles, which be hopod would bo mainttinod lo the last, and thoso standards whioh thoy wore proud to recognise. He boliovad tho Church was a . ipport to the Stato, and that Churoh and Stat« could »otk togothor in tho canso of civil and religious liberty, while they maintained thoso doctrinos which rame down lo them from the time of the Reformation. lUntinuod cheering) Mr TuttMovsaid ho professed tobo a smooio member of the Church of England, from bil Ml, education, and choice, and ho desired to hold fist to the multiples upheld w lthin tho imlo of that Chinch, neither holding to Romanising tendency ou tho one tarni, noi on tho other to doctrines or usages sub uren o of thoso principios Ho bolio\ od no niomboi oí the Synod would accuse lum of fa\ oui mg Roman Bing tendencies, 01 of favoui nig the cn dilation of hooks which might ha\o a Roiiiiiiismg tondenoy, on 1 if it had been shown to lum that thoi o had hoon any ittcuipt to circulate such books, tint ono single j limber of the clergy hid been linking uso of tho books in thou teaching ho (Mi lailoton) should baie boon ready to condemn Buch a course, and to »top a proceeding which must bo poiniciouB to tho ChurUi ni this diocoso (Heal, heal ) 1 hci o w as a <*rtam amount of insinuation, the last ape ikoi had »nott insinuated that suth books woioboiug dis tributed by soiuo one, that thoio woio sonio person nr set of persons who weio intioduciiig thoso ob jcctionablo woiks for tho lmschioious pin poso of «rJ»i"g moiubors away to tho Chinch of Romo Allusion had hoon mado to muttors that oecuiied years ago, ho (Mi iailcton) romemboied the eir çumstaiitts), and ho did from his heal t and soul i «.porthole would bo no lopotition of tho most »wer Mo stufe, illusions, malice, mithin ltublontss, I »id v olation of Christian feeling that in o\ ailed at ¡hotimorofencdto(clicora), when the Bishop was likened to tho E\ ii Ono, and moderato mon liko himself found it difhuilt to koop out of tho tin moil Hut «as a stato of tilinga that ho hopod Moultl not bo repeated , and he did urge upon all sides that thoro should ho modulation, and o\on if thoie were any ¿round to suspect attempts at tho pionio «on of ritualism, honnploied tho membors of tho ty'iod, and of tho Chinch to winch thoy belonged, «"«» put stumbling blockB in tho way Ho (Mi tarleton) nddrtssod thoso as voids of modoiation, J° ho tnktn as thoy woro spolu.ii, iiiicotoly anil honestly Ho could not suppoit tho tcsniutinn, ««wgliliovmaglnd tho ninttoi had huon lu ought T«r thou attention, foi ho thought tho \ontilatimi °> ino question and tho debuto would do good , hut 00 did not seo Buihuunt cwdenio ti) wai i ant thom "' adopting the resolution as it stood (Horn, huu ) i if ." ** ^ucw obsorvod that sinco tho dobiito «Wtakuithotuiiut had, ho felt obliged to Mi rarnnrdfor introducing thu subject Ho did not Ml a ihlliudty m. Canon Halts did, foi if thow «.notations horn thu hook moio touotc, thoio could w 110 doubt of tho pot numma chainotor of tho J*0»»! and ho had no hesitation in saying u\oiy '«iiinomliorofthoUiuioh of England must rupro "»tosuoh a produotion, and that no iiioiuhor should ,}° T»t hook It was decidedly objectionable "o(ur Lutos) objected on tho pint of tho pal urti M roprisoiited (hear, hoai , ho objected to tho uso 01 books whioh taught thoso dooti ines of tho Church »n,m0\,M,d 1"> «oped tho result of tho debato wouw be that the lay members «t kiwi would join in scouting thom from tho diocese. (Cheers.) Ile hoped thoro would bo no return of the time mentioned by Mr. Barnard. Ho thought they should be wanting in their duty if they did not express themselves about tho uso of thoso books, and in tho event of stronger evidence presenting itself that still moro decisivo moasures would bo taken. -(ßhoers.) llov. G. B. Smith said ho was glad his esteemed friond Mr. Stackhottso had so well stated tho reasons why ho (Mr. Smith) had withdrawn the resolution standing in his namo the other day ; he I bogged to say ho was guided by his sound andfkiud advice, and bo thought still, that the putting the motion on the paper was calculated, to do some good. Cauon Hales seemed to think there was uoino ilifli culty in forming an opinion about thoso books ; but bo (Mr. Smith) proposed to read for tho information of those of them who wero fathers of families anil bad sons and daughters some extracts from the Priest's Prayer Book. He thou read a paragraph in pago ISfloT to Sacramental Confession, and said ho need not explain to Mr. Tarleton, and other per- sons in public life, the meaning of that clause. Many would remember that some year or two ago, at a quarterly mcoting of tho Sunday School teachers held m that room, when there wore Homo fifty, or sixty, or seventy in attendance, principally young women, when there was a report read on a children's liturgy for Sunday Schools. The first portion of the proposed liturgy waa taken from our Prayer Book, but the second part contained two supplementary hymus, to which he objected because ho thought their tone waa Romanising; he (Mr. Smith) ventured to say thoso hymns were taken from the Priest's Prayer Book, when immediately two or three persons said ho was wrong ; ho (Mr. Smith) then ventured to say with plainness and courage to his Lordship that it was an unfor- tunate thing that tho Priest's Prayor Book was over introduced into the diocese ; and ho thought then it was strange that not ono solitary word was then spoken by the Bishop, cither against that book or in its favour, and it must bo reasonably presumed, as it was used on one occasion in tho diocese when his Lordship was present, that he was acquainted with its contents. Ile (Mr. Smith) did not say ho was, but he gathered that ho was from his Lord- ship's perfect silence : he maintained a most perfect and complete silence. Prom that other book, " An Altar Book for Young Persons," ho would just give a specimon, being an act of adoration at tho Con seoration'of tho Bread and Winn in the Com-| mullion :- I I worship Thoo, Lord Jesu, Who on 'rhino Albir laid, In this most awful son-lco, Our food and Drink Thou art. I worship Thoo, Lord Jesu, "Who In Thy lovo divino, Art hitting hero Thy Godhead lu forms of Bread ami Wine. 1 worship Theo, Lord Jesu, Ami knuoling tinto Theo, As thou didst como to Story I I pray Theo come to ino". He would not go into theological matters, but would mention that this book was found at Westcott's. He (Mr. Smith) was looking through Westcott's book shelves ami saw it. He said, "How como you to have such books, did you introduce them !" Ho said, "I did introduce thom, but they were ordered by others." He (Mr. Smith) did not think it rcasonablo.to suppose they wore ordored for any other t. urposo than for circulation. Reference hud been made to tho unhappy movement in tho dioceso many years ago ; and that movement sprang from the circulation of books, believed, rightly or wrongly, to be Romish in tboir tendency and character ; and ho (Mr. Smith) did venturo to say in that Synod sonto year or two ago, when the subject of ritual- ism was alluded to, that if ritualism should Bpread in this dioceso the result would be inevitable, and then, perhaps, there would ho a repetition iii somo measure of the oxporicuco which Mr. Tarleton had deplored. (Cheers.) Rut ho did not wish to go tirthor with tho matter, and ho wished to guard against boing carried away by personal fooling him- self,-or saying anything that would hurt the feelings of other pooplo. Somo of tho plainest and most weighty words over uttered in that Synod wera uttered the other day by Dr. Valentino. (Cheers.) Ho said ono reason why tho pooplo wore unwilling to contribute of theil- moans fairly mut liberally was this, tho distrust of tho laity. (Cheers.) Those words came not from u young man who had not had Hinch colonial oxporicuco, but from a man of ripo age, honest heart, and largo oxporionco, the father of a family of sons and daughters ; and a statement coming from that source was worthy of considera- tion at tho hands of that Synod. (Cheers.) Ho (Mr. Smith) oxpressed his own persuasion that if the principles enunciated in thoso books wero taught to any extent the result would bo that distrust stronger and (leeper would grow and spread in this dioceso. no would say this, that distrust was silent in its operation a vory long time, but its effects could bo seen and felt ; he knew nothing more hanofiil, nothing to bo moro carefully guarded against, or moro destructivo in its effects than distrust (cheers) ; it was uko some diseases, entering into tho vitals of tho human body, or Uko a dry rot at tho foundation of a building. (Chcors.) And ho would say this : thoro was no ono who desired with moro sincerity than ho did to live in harmony and peace, hut ho should feel it his duty, as ho said before, under all circumstances to stand up in behalf of what ho called Protestant religion. As tho Bishop of Gloucester had said, if the Church had a Catholic sido, it had also a Protestant side, and it was bocaiiso tho Church of England had a Protestant as well as a Catholic side, that ho (Mr. Smith) should feel it his duty to ho true to the Church in that vory aspect. (Loud cheers.) Rev. ii. T. Cr.i.MiitUNi) boro moved tho adjourn- ment of the debato. Tho Pjiksi HUNT B.iid tho Synod had yesterday decided to sit till half-past six, and it was only a few minutes past six. Tho debato then proceeded. Row P. Himsi'nru thought averynno must know that his practice and teaching for ten years in tho dioceso wero against anything of a Romanising tendency. ' Theroforo ho roso to deprecate tho tone taken in tho debate, although he was glad tho sub- ject had boon brought forward ; but if tho argu- menta which had been advanced wont forth to tho world, thoy would lead the oh tsido public to sttp jtoso that a large ltumbor of tho olorgy of the dioceso required tho rebuke which the resolution sought to inflict. (Cries of "No.") With regard to ono of tho books referred to, tho Altar Book for the Young, ho (Mr.Hitdspcth) know nothing till ho had received information in that room ; as to the othor, tho Priost's Prayer Book, ho mippnsod it was prin- cipally confinad to clergymen's shelves, and that it was not a book for circulation among their flocks. Most of the speakers bad said they had no know- ledge of tho book, but ho (Mr. Hudspcth) hoped ho should not shock any member of the Synod, when ho said thore wero parts of that book which formed one of tho most beautiful manuals of prayer (hear, hear), especially in that moro valuable com- munion tho clergymen had with Bick people, and with all kinds of cases, and ho did not think it was just to suppose that any clergymen who took a deop interest in tho Church to which they belonged would be so indiscreet or injudicious as to use thoso parts which, in their own judgmont, wero in direct opposition to the deepest fooling« of their heart. (Hear, hoar). No ono had worked more with those brethren, tho priests of Rome, than be (Mr. Hudspotb) bad, and bo could safely say, thoy (the priests) would do hint the credit to admit that ho had on ovory possible occasion fought for the canso of tho Church of England against tho Church of Rome, though thoy bad worked together in their several positions as friends and brothel's. I fe oskod tho Synod not to pronounce a sweeping con- demnation which was not justified by faots. .Ho did not stand up to defend those parties who had wished to piomoto that mid ; ho was hold to tako » broad viow and to say tho Synod bad no right to dictate what thoy should do for tboir own private devotion, or what thuy should consider host ut their moro sacred and secret occupations. (Hear, hoar). 'lho Dut saul it was clou that no man would tint foi «aid a book hko that fiom which o\tiacts lind been reid unless ho weio ono of that hugo school who M mo handad in undoing tlio vi oik of tho lost tinco bundled yoats hy rcatouug tho daily sacrifico of tho Mass and Confession (Heir, hoar ) Tho character of tho book might hu esti mated by tho oxtricts Mi Bimmil had lead , tb ore foro it was a dangerous book , hko poison on tho phj sician's shelf, it might ha\ o its uses, but must ho used w ith caution Ha\ tug h tid so much, ho (tho Denn) thought Mi Barnard had sulhciont causo to bring tho subject for« m d, but ho (tho Doun) submitted ho had now gained his object, attention had hecu c died to tho bonks, hut why should thoy put it on then teeni du'* It would bo useless to ptotoed furthei, and ho submitted to Mi Ihrunrd that ho might now close with his tomat ka and with dnw tho resolution lot him just follow tho practico of tho House of I olds, whero nu nilluoutiul member bungs forward a subjoet foi tho purpose of ventilating it and omis by withdiawing tho motion (Hoar, heat, mid laughtui ) Mi Butvutii declined to adopt tho suggestion lio\ Cannu BiioMin said ho could not sharo in thoso sontiuicuta which had hoon oxpiosstd as to that lui killer, cankoioiiH foehng of distrust »aid to ho ousting in tho minds of tho laity against the clorgy 1 lo did 1 iuho\ o that o w us not unothci small cnuutiy liku mus wluio thoio was tho samo fooling of f Mundalup md good follow ship botweon tho cloigymcn of tho Chin cb of England and thu odu catod laity of tho whole diocese Hu (Mi Bionihy) was speaking to a gontlomnn, ausitoi, who held soutuuuiits at perfect latitudinal laiusin, and ho saul ho innot saw so much kind horn ted fooling good follow ship uni fiiomlslnii bctwoon tho oloigy and tho educatud hut) With respect to tho losoTutiou, it might h" supposed that thoio would bo persons belonging tn sumo school of thought not so closely attached to thu Rufounod Chinch of England hut thoso who legal c1 thom with suspicion know well that thoy.li id a just ti tbtinal hofoio whioh thoy might hung any caso of dnoot Romanising But seeing thero was an allowable diflorenco of viow ho (Mr Bl milby) could grasp in the umbrnco of friend altin aud brotherhood thoso who Oui uot think with him, and he said the laity themselves wero content to do that. Whore thoy not all to do that? To look from their own littlo world, their little clique, regarding not their own tilinga but tho things of others ? Ho (Mr. Bromby) laid it to tho con- science of somo of his brethren whether they had not been talking among themsolves and indoctri- nating themselves into tho thought that tho laity wore distrustful ? (Cries of " No.") Woll.ho (Mr. Bromby) did not believe for his own part that thero was that distrust, there was good feeling, aud the consciousness that all wero acting sincerely in their various paths. It was duo to his own dear parish- ioners and to his own foolings to say this much. (Hear, hear.) Rev. Mr. Grkunk thought that tho clergy who did uso tho Priest's Prayer Book, did so with oxtromo caution. Many of tho clorgy used it. Ho must say for himself and thoso that he know did uso it, that it was with extremo caution. The rev. gentleman acknowledged the honest and earnest way in which those who supported the motion had taken it up, and if they thought he (Mr. Greene) or other brethren used the hook in the way the com- pilers intended, they would be right in objecting. But if the motion wero carried, although he might continue its use, he should do so with tho caution suggested. He would say this, however, that the extracts read did not give a fair expression of many other parts of the honk, aud it might, he thought, ho used with caution without having any Romanising effect whatever. Rev. J. T. CtKLLWrand hero again moved the adjournment of the dobate, to take precedence of all other business on Monday. Canon Hales objected to the Synod wasting any moro time. The debate, as far as it had gone, would go before the country with the opinions on all sides, and that would answer every purpose Ho (the Canon) waa thankful for what had been done, but ho appealed to Mr. Barnard if ho would not, at that stage, withdraw his motion. Mr. Barnard said he was unwilling to stifle debate. The Rev. Mr. Gellibrand withdrew his moiion, and rose to address the assembly. He said ho rose with great pain, and said he should not bo an honest man it ho could not look his Lordship in tito foco, and look that Synod in tho face, after twenty-three years of labour. One point had been loft out, for tho most part, in tho debate, namely, tho insidious and secret growth of evil opinion. He remarked I that ho did not know that he should over care to apeak in that Synod, or in tho church itself, unless thero wero some strong reason. He said he spoko with pain, aud he spoke as a clergyman who had worked for the Church, and his Lordship knew he bad taken oil' his namo from the list of com- mittee for the New Cathedral, and he did so because ' he felt that he could not advance the work of the Church, under existing circumstances. As to the insidious growth of ovil opinion, he had the authority of ¡one of the best mon ho ever knew and that of othors also, that with a large body of mon now in England, ono of the strong rules thoy adopt for themselves was that the public should not know what thoy wero going to teach, until thoy had educated thom up to it, till they had prepared tho mind to receive^ it. That wa3 one of the fruits which charaetcraod the Jesuit. (Hear, hear. ) So he (Mr. Gellibrand) hod been greatly shakon. It would bo remembered that ho was one who felt compollod last session to bring in a potitioit to stop the introduction here of tho kind of teachiug to which ho had referred ; and he must candidly and honestly remark that ho had never been able to feel that trust in his Lordship that he had felt before, because when that petition was brought in and received his Lordship saw fit to question tho right of petition, which was the right of every Englishman. It was with great pain he roforred to it. Thoy thought certain things wero sapping tho foundations of tho Church of England, and his Lordship stated his judgment against the principio princijuh obsta. He was not for stopping things of that kind in the beginning Rev. Mr. Hayward rose to order. Tho President told Mr. Gellibrand his remarks wera giving pain, and he must not use observations which wero offensive to other clergymon. His Lordship said he did not caro about himself. , Rov. Mr. Gellibrand sáid ho would not pursue tho point. Canon Hales had said tho motion was useless, but it had been elicited that the objection ablo hook was being used. Ono clergyman had it on his shelf, another said ho used it, and another that ho used it with caution ; and looking the Bishop in the face, ho said he behoved the state of the Church in this diocose was a kimi of smouldering distrust, and Mr. Barnard was entitled to tlioir thanks for enabling them to como there aud express their views, for ho felt it was better to say what thoy had to say oponly and havo tho matter out. (Choors.) Ho (Mr. Gellibrand) represented some mon at least, and ho was in tho habit of not only expressing his own opinions and acting on them, but he caine in communication with mon of all classes. Ho was trying to study what was ti no; ho would not tako action to uphold the machinery of the Church if ho wera convinced that its teachings I wcro 'against tho truth. Ho spoko as a troubled »an ; laymen could not outer into his feelings ; ho had given up a great doal, had altorcd his wholo course of lifo to enter tho ministry ; he had never sought any promotion in tho Church ; ho had worked, mid been ready to give his money ; ho thanked God ho had lucius, and reason and strength to know what to do with it. But ho found thoro was a feeling abroad of, what Air. Banks Smith jH'operly called, distrust,' which feeling was incon- sistent with that true cordial feeling which was so de- sirable bctwoon clergy and laity, nnd which depended so much upon tho personal character and lifo of the clergy. Ho would go further and say the laity had kindly feelings towards the clorgy, but a man might ho convinced a clergyman was m the wrong direc- tion and yet might not know what ho was doing. Distrust had nothing to . do with the personal character of the clorgy ; it was distrust of the growth of principle, that somohow or othor, with possible good intentions, or in tho general turmoil of tho agc, certain things como uppermost and the mind might bo educated gradually ns to what was wrong. Ho (Mr. Gellibrand) stood not up for him- self, hut for tho good of the Church, for tho good of his friend CaiionBroinby, and a feeling of kindliness to him, and for him,' and for the position ho hold, and from a belief that whou a motion of this kind was passed, ho was a man who would try to got thoroughly sifted, call for somo modo of enquiry, in which ' tho" slander, if it be slander, might lio sot at rest, and stumped under foot. (Choors.) For tho good of such mon, and the good of himself ho had taken upon himself to investigate thoroughly all tho bearings of tho case. Ho did not wish to say anything hurtful, ho only wished to clear his own conscience for the good of himself and for tho good of the Church. (Applause.) Canon Parsons said ho could hardly allow the debate to pass without expressing his firm adheronco to tlio Protestant Church. He said ho hail no fear for Protestant truth in this land, but he spoko in tho interests of those who had children to bring up whon lie characterised those books as Romanising and Popish. He asked wcro tho teachings of the Priest's Prayer Book such as they wcro dosirouB for their children to be indoctrinated with ? (Cries of "No,") No; mid hu was persuaded of this that truth would prevail and God's Book would have its Ulossed and saving results. Ho had in his hand a hook, and would give them a specimon of its charac- ter; it was called "Tho English Catholic's Vado Meenm." The prefaco has tho following : "Bound up with tho Book of Common Prayer, tho English Catholic's lade meciim will supply m one volunto of com ornent sue all the »nyora necossmy to enable ChristiaiiB to perform thou otdinary morning, mid- day, audeveiimgdovotions, to assist at tho Sacufiu, to confess and commume-vto de\outl\, to uommenu . l ate the sacred seasons and saints' day» to assist tho dying, to play for tho dead " Then thore wore suggestions how it wts to bo used -"If thoro 1 e no oi-vtory m tho house, lot somo dovotional ptcturo ot teprosentatioii (< (/, a pie tin o oí figuio of the Crucifixion, Christ m His Mothoi s arms, i-0 ) bo placed tit a conspu nous patt of the toom used for prvyoi Let tho ofheo of Pumo or Com plmo bo s ud, all kneeling or standing w ith tboir faces tinned towards tho sactcd object mentioned 1 he nltot ttions and additions w hieb will bo found ni this third edition h»\o nearly all baon mndo at tho suggestion or with tho advieo of ox | pctioncod dttcttors of eonscicueo and others " I ho book itself luv» common foims, "Our Eather, Hail Maiy, Cieod, Gloria, Coutitoor, Amma Christi, Vein Ctoatoi, Vom Sánete Smritus I ltanios of the Saints and Angel» foi tho Faithful Depattod, Ros tty of tho N uno of leans, Stations of tho Cress, Ptayora to tho 1 tvo Wounds, Pioyora for tho Dopat ted, Foi those m Li tor, F or tho protection of tho AngelB, For tho intercession of the Saints, Foi tho confraternity of tho Blessed Sacrament, For the ( hurelt Extension Association, 1'ityors for Holy Days and Setsons, and Hymns, uno home Ave Mum, Blessod Maid,' and so forth Ho (the Conon) said those mon who put forth such books, falsely called iituahsts, wcto Romanising ttaitors (Loud ehoers ) But men w ho profess to bo ready to banish all falso doctrine, saul beeauau thoy had not rovl thoso hooks they did not nfloet thom bo as to bo able to pronnmico thom to bo falso Hu (the Canon) went on to say ho was ashamed to witness tho levity, tho indecent levity with which the subject had bean ti cited Shamo ' that dignitaries of the Church of Christ should stand up so to deal w ith such a motion is that brought forward by Mr Bvrnird Lot this discussion go forth, nndit will pioditco t marvellous ufleot Thora had huon an outspoken and truthful defence of Piotostaiit truth, which should bo felt from north to Benth and fiom oast to west, and they would glouously tiiuuiiili in tito causo of ti nth Ho (Canon Parsons) had boon tv, ltted as being ovil and schismatic for putting his nama last session to a document ni favour of tho truth of Protestantism Ho did not go behind a man's back to say what ho meant, and ho stated pubholy that Ins Bishop had chai ged lum Mi til joining others iii a oom so of conduct which was owl and schismatic bouanuo ho subscribed Ins naino to a protest in lav otu of being sopaiate from Remo in that Church of which hu was a munster, and m which ho hoped to lomani (Groat applause ) The lli.siior asked whon that was * Canon Parsons You wrote those words to me last Noxembut, my Lord Tho Bi.siioi' If I did it waa a private matter. Conon Parsons , It'» no priv*>e matter, |»j Lord, to be twitted with evil and schism, because I stand up for the Protestantism of my Church. (Choors). Tho Bishop obsorvud that when ho wrote that, he was referring to the tendency of tho conduct, he was not Warning tho conduct. His Lordship's feeling then wa* that it had a tendency to evil, and to separate brethren from brethren. On that occasion there was a great deal of warmth, but ho could not see what was the cause of it. If those memorialists wanted to refer to what was taking placo in the diocese, ho conceived it was their duty to lay facts before tho Bishop, and so long as strong language was used ho had a right to say what ho did ; he spoko with no bitterness, it was in private quiot. And thon au to what Mr. Gellibrand said in referonco to his (tho Bishop's) palting words, ho thought it unfair to stund up and say what ho was expected to answor, after so long a timo, respecting his person andofficcinreferoucetolanguage which his Lordship forgot. It was true tlio behaviour of Mr. Gellibrand from about that time suddenly changed ; but his Lordship thought Mr. Gellibrand would have done better if ho had told bim something had given him pain, and afforded his Lordship au opportunity of explaining. Then, passing on to what Mr. Smith said, Mr. Smith pointed out to him certain conduct which ho said had given him pain, and such pain as from that moment to indnoe him to separate himself from the Sunday School Association. (Mr. Banks Smith : No, my lord.) At any rato he was surprised he (the Bishop) did not protest against tho introduction of certain hymns from the hook to which reference had been made. His Lordship had not tho book on his shelves ; he might have observed one or two passages of a beautiful and striking character. In reference to that question the Bishop mentioned that some clergymen might make use of books in which there wore striking and excellent prayers, whilst they would forbear using what was objectionable in thom.' No book was more beautiful, for instance, thnnthosoof Thomas a'Keinpis, and ho was a Roman Catholic. Ho (the Bishop) should not fool ashamed of the use. of " Tho Priest's Prayer Book" if ho found Borne things in it which were to ho admiral. As to the other book, ho never heard of it until that evening. His Lordship took the opportunity of thanking tho mover for the kind and moderate way in which ho had introduced the resolution ; ho thought it a proof, at any rato, that thoy liad grown in tolerance, | mid he believed if thero was any feeling in the minds of the laymen of Tasmania, tho sin was in thoso who were exciting strong feelings without sufficient reason. (Cries of " Oh !" mid " No, no.") A great deal of warmth of feeling hid been shown in the course of debate, but ho would say thoio wero two parts of the Bishops oflico-pas toi al and judicial Ho thought it would have been bettor if Mr Barnard had dr iwn his ittcntion to those books, whioh from the quotations gi\ cn he should feel dis posed to reprobate It was, ho\ve\ or, necessary tint he.asBisliop, should hud standing room for all schools (A member Not Romanists), but that must bo proved He could not be Bishop of a portion of the Church, he must he Bishop of all whom the standards of the Church declare entitled to standing room In his pastoral character it would bo his duty to look at tho hooks and if ho found it nu desirable that they should be used ho should employ his pastoral influence in rcpiessing that which might be not only permissible but agreeable Any action, however, like that of this motion, considering the feeling that existed, was likely to do mischief by lessening tho pastoral mtlueuce of ths Bishop When it came to a judicial, which he hoped it would not, the Bishop would do his duty If the books wore circulated and did inflict p mi on the brethren, the }>rictice ought to ho discontinued Ihoy must, lowevur, make a distinction bot« ecu the possession of tho Priest s Priycr Book and its circulation As to the other, ho should bo disposed to reprohito its circulation He hoped it would ajipcar to bo do strahle not to proceed with tho debate, on his assurance that if his (the Bishops) attention he called to the books ho g ti o his promise closely to look into them Ho must judge of those things not as an individual but as Bishop His Loidslup, in reference to the dangci of such discussions, saul ho was anxious that it should not go ubioad tint thoy tolerated any ofthat Ie-uen which was con trary to the interests of Piotcstantism Ho (tho Bishop) was not ashamed of the word " Protestant," nor was he ashmicd of "Cithohc" Ho felt ho could not bo a Protestant unless he wcio i Catholic, in nthoi words, being Catholic he was of necessity Protest mt But he must on the other side equally a\ old the impression going abroid thut tho Church only cuno into oxistouco at tho time of tho Roforniition I hey only took to themselves now cnerg) , not a single member of the Synod would go further than his Loidslup m a desire still to stand hard and fist on their Pi o tes tant principles He was a Protcstmt , ii though the term was oiiginilly only used in a political sense, it h id becomo an established designation of religious men And while ho (tho Bishop) wis a Protestant 13 pi o testing agmiBt the errors of Romo, w Inch ho hoped no>or ngmi to seo ni tho Chinch, ho thought thoy should still pi otest agimst tho tendency of tho ago to trample down the di\ mity of our Blessed Lord, foi that was tho direction in which the public mind w as tending Ho pnyod thom not to waste thoir onorgies on thoso things w Inch woro of minor impôt tance, but to spare a little for tnoso which wcio dctluon ing our Blessed Loid fi oin tho gloiy of his Diwmty (Applauso ) Canon Parsons hore mo\ ed tho adjournment of tho debite, to enable lum to read a communication in the ('Ina ch Twits showing Romanising practices 111 this dtocose Mr S Wi si brook. 1030 toovdor , ho was son y to s ty c\en the President himself li id boen out of 01 dei in addressing the Synod whan ho did , ho (Mi Westbrook] hid waited thero foi an oppoitumty to address the Synod Canon Parsons I move the adjournment of tho debate, and demand to be heaid (cues of "Oidor ' ) I wish to read an article from tlio G/iuich Timen, reporting some Romanising practices at St John's, Goulburn street Ro\ Mr Hu wird My Lord, the sun has sot, and according to tho ancient law, tlio Sabbath has commenced I make bold to express tho hopo that the debito miy bo adjoin ned and gi\ 0 some time for this business to cool down,befoie wo iro called on to minister m holy things (Hear, horn ) Mr Justin Browsi suggosted it would ho bottci to dispose of it to night (Heal, hen ) Tho dobato a¿aiu proceeded Archdeacon D witt saul the dobato had assumed such a tone thnt ho would try ind pout oil 011 the troubled waters (hear, hear), fair allowance must ho nude for an Insuman (A laugh ) As to the Priests Prayor Book ho never saw it 111 his lifo , it w is cortaiuly a bid book judging by the oxtr lets read , but supposing Mr Banks Smith wore to call 011 Mr Greene and Mr Hudspeth to make cxtincts no doubt he would be delighted with tho lesult (A laugh) Any book could bo 1 o\ lowed fa^ oin ihlj or unfavourably according to tho bios of the revicwci, so ho (the Archdeacon) foundoutwbeiistudjiiiginoial philosophy, many years ago 111 Scotland with othci students in Dr Chalmers time It hid como out that these books were not ni circulation oxcopt ono, but after what ho hail heard if he could get 1 copy ho would (A laugh ) He must siy ho had dem ed much edification from reading,the sermons of Dr Manning, the liomin Cithohc .\rehbishop of Westminster, and tho woiks of Icuelon mid others, »mijito supposed the Synod were not going to interfere with tlioir private nght to ha\o whit books they liked Ho might ha\c lorn Pames works on his shelf if he pleased, ho supposed Ho should vote igamst the motion, as he did not seo any practical good to como ot it (Hem, hem ) Rev L S\monds rouniked tint a good deal had been saul of tho distrust existing among 1 lymou, and ho wished to state thnt thero was tint distrust operating iii ways that possibly they hid not imagined, and tho fact was tint action had been taken on tho grounds of that disti 11st of which ho had mot numerous instances 111 rofcronco to npphci tiom for monoy for tho church at Gleuorchj (Hoar, hear) He also wished to gi\o tho Synod a little information It had boan said thoio was no con ncction between this dioeeso and othor places at home 1 he extract he was about to load from tho Church 7une« did, 111 fact, connect some ono with that " school of thought of w Inch thoy bid hoaul so much The ro\ gentleman thou load tho o\ tract which, at an oaihei put tod, Canon Paisons had not tho opportunity of 1 olding - "On the tritlay in Wlntsuntido (tho > onrly time of confirmation in this pariah) tho sacramontal rite was admimaterod to thirty fn 0 > oung pcoplo Tho Bishop and tbo Rut. C P Gruo.10, who acted as chaplain, and boro tho pastoral stall, occupied places within tho sanctuary, while tho Kovs W Babington, 0 II Cope, J." Clampott, H. B. Bromby (tito vicar of tito parish), remained in tho chancel stalls. The aorvico, with the approval of tho Bishop, consisted of tho metrical " Litaay of our Lord," sung by the clergy, choir, and congreeation (all knooling), some o dicola, and tho contint allon office which waa brigbtoaod by > threo hymns sung with great heartiness. Bofcro tho final benediction " Onward Christian Soldiors" waa alao aung. The Bishop confirmed, ua ia his constant custom, each candidato singly ; and tho "Aman" after each ono was continued was sung by all prosont with .oft organ accompaniment. Both buforo nnd after tho " laying on of hands" tho Bishop addrossod tho candi- dates and tho immonso congregation in most forvont and fatherly woidl-hiaLordshipalways on these occa- sions preaching without manuscript or noto. Behind tho altar waa a temporary floral rorcdos looking vory bright and Christian with its vasos of flowers, bril- liant croas, and logond-" Griovo not tho Holy Spirit." On tho following Sunday (Trinity Sunday) thora wore, at ia usual on groat festivals, two culebra-1 tioni of tho Holy Eucharist-tho first at sovon, tho j second at midday. Noarly all tho candidatos rocoivod j theil first communion at tho oarly oolobration, and I through ¿bo day thoro wore 101 communicants. It is I to bo hoped that at Advont a mission will bo pronohod | in this pariah, which is a vory extensivo and poor one. Lately tho Rov. C. H. Copo, who, whon at St, Peter's, Windmill- street, took part in tho Twelve Daya' Minion, has boon visiting Tasmania, and has stirred tho hesita'of tho good Churoh puoplo of Hobart Town by his account of tho work of that glorious orusado. Tho vicar of St. John's baa been "cited" before the Biahop.by a atrangorlivingoighty miles away, for disobeying tho judgment given in the late com of Mr. Purohoa, but no change has bean made as yet in the position of the prloat at the Holy Eucharist Whilo writing from tola oolony I may .ay that our new cathedral, from dotigm of Mr, P|t4j4y-,,¡» complete a» iw a» lae «»ve, »¡»lea, awl I tranaept go. It will be a noble church, and a model to the whole Church in the Southern Hemisphere. But the colony is terribly poor. Wo have spont £7,200, but cunnot pay n dobt of £1,800 on what has boen dono, or make it ready for worship without some help from home." Mr. S. Westbrook said he had watched the dobato closely, and had not allowed himself to be divested of a sort of professional mind, and ho felt it desirable that all tilinga should bo placed in that position, that what they wero doing they would not bo sorry for on Monday. The learned member, whilst assured thoy would all give him credit for being a thorough Protestant, did not consider tho motion sufficiently tangible to command his voto, and yet ho felt that ho could not vote against the principle involved. Although three members bad admitted their possession of tho book, not one had admitted that ho sympathized with it ; if any ono did, ho waa not fit to be in the Church of ¿England. (Cheers). As to the meaning of the extracts given by Mr. Barnard, common sense showed that those extracts not only tended towards the Church of Rome but went beyond it. | (Hear, hear). Not one, from the President down ward, had dared to express sympathy with those extracts ; if he did tbero would bo at once a case for the Court by which the individual would be dealt with foridentifying himself with teaching what was inimical to tho interests and principles of the Church of England. Mr. Barnard repliedupon the debate.and referred to the danger as that of subtle poison. He re- capitulated some of the principal teaching of the books, and said ho should have yielded to the appeal of the Dean to eloso the debato, but that Canon Hudspeth had just spoken, and bo not only admitted that he used the book, but justified its use. In reference to the clergymen who dealt in this pernicious poison ho observed that they were chiefly the young clergymen, who wero affected with a sort of judicial blindness. Of course, they did not circulate the books,but they handed out the poison in homoeopathic or infinitesimal doses ; it was not thoir policy to circulate the books ; and ho (Mr. Barnard) made bold to say if thoäo things wore to prevail thoro was an end of tho Church of England, that is, of the Reformed Church of England. (Hear, hear.) Tho Synod then divided on the motion as follows : A yes 12. Rovs. A. Stackhouso, J. T. Gellibrand, R.Wilson, G. B. Smith, Edward Symonds, Canon Parsons, and Messrs. Koiuierloy, Lucas, Lovett, Barnard, C. 0. Abbott, and Dr. Butler. Noes 14. Archdeacon Davies, Revs. Dean Cox, Canon Hudspoth, Canon Hales, Canon Davenport, Canon Bromby, C. P. Greene, R. Hayward, and Messrs. J. Browne, Tarleton, Sharland, Cook, Blyth, and Reid. The motion was therefore lost. The sitting closed with the benediction. 