the monita secreta souietatis jesu; or the secret monitor of the society of the jesuits, (From the Masonic Mh"ror, San Francisco. ) A WOKIC bearing tbe above title, printed iii Paris in 1869, and published in Spanish by Bro. A. L. Plongeon, has been placed by liiui in our hands. It contains the Code of Laws and Instructions, collected from the earliest to the' most recent ... ii» ,1 1 1 XI, aates, ana so revolting. lo numauiLy, aiiu tu tuts Bpiiit of the centiiry in which wc live, that it seems like rolling back the scroll of time, and reviving the hideous scones of the Dark Ages, when lust,' murder, and rapine, with .all the horrors of the lurxuisition with its racks, the faggot, and torture i.vere invoked in the name of Jesus, and the liends of hell '\ycre let loose, and hundreds of thousands were 'murdered by every conceivable device by the authority of the blood-thirsty Jesuits. Yet we are -old by Bro. I'longeon, who has recently airived here from South America, tha,t this, society , is flourishing and as dangerous "thm-e as it was in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, .and that by reason of his publiciitioii, his life has been constantly in danger from the knife of the; assassin, and that he w.as comxielled to leave, for no jrrotection whatever was adccxuate to save him from the vengeance of tlie " Santafedistas," or the Jesuits, in Peru and other por-tious of_South America, who were determined; to take his life. We sliall jmblisli extracts from time to time from this work, and, as the authorities are clearly cited, the dates given with' full instruc tion, their perusal will be fouiid interestiiig to our readers. : ; ' i; For the present we give 'the , followingvas translated by us,- which is liteiallyicorrect and verbatim:-— ' , ' instruction for tub catholic apostolic society of the jesuit& Oath, recently I)lctaled\bi/ the Gdrdinal Jose ' ' : Albani. ' '' ' I, ' N- —— 0 ' — , in the presence of Almighty God, the Fatheiy Son, ' and Holy Ghost, of Mary, the ever immaculateWirgin of the Celestial Court and of the Honoured Father, I solemnly swear that my right hand may be cut off, my throat cut, aiiu tb die of hunger, or . in the must atrocious torments and hoiTors ; and that Almighty God shall, condemn me to the liains of hell, should I be guilty of . treachery or harm to one of the- Illustrious Fathers and Brothers of the Catholic Apostolic Society, to which I .at this moment subscribe, and if I do nob- scrupulously observe its lawsj or do not give assistance to. my, needy brethren. I swe.ar to maintain, coulirm, .and defend the holy cause which I have embraced; "her will I reserve consideration for a single individu.al of' the societies: of the Liberals, whatever may 'be his birth, parentage, . or ; fortune. ..That I will not have pity to the cries, of the children, nor of tlie aged, and that I will not cease until the shed- dmg of the last drop' of blood of the Infamous Liberals, without regard to se.x; . age, or condi tion.,?' . I finally swear iinxdacable .habed to the enemies of our Holy Roman Catholic -Religion, .one and true. pass-words and colloquy of recognltlbn. S-.U'Utation. Halloo'! / Answer. Halloo theni- 1st. We have a beautiful day. '.2rid; I hone it will be a better one to-morrow. . , ilst. I am hajipy that this street is so bad. 2nd. It, will shortly be manured. 1st. In' what manner ? ; — 2nd. W ith the bones of the Liber.als. i .:1st. I How do we call ? . . " ;2nd." South, ist. From whence edmotli the light ? 2hd. From Heaven. ' Ist. What do you think of doing to-d.ay ? .2nd. To alw.ays' persevere in sexiar.ating the graiii from the chaff. 1st. what is your xp'ofession of faith? .2ud. The destruction of the enemies of the Altar aiid Throne. . 1st. What is the length of yoiir staff ? 2nd. It is sulHcient to give blows. 1st. What plant or tree prodiiced it ? ,2nd. A laurel, pl.anted in Palestine, gi-own in the "Yatican, 'under whose cofhug are covered .all the faithful. 1st. Do you jiropose to travel ? . . . , . ; 2ud. Yes. ist,; Whither? 2nd. To the shores of felicity and religion, on : board . the little bark of the lishcrm.an. , 'xtie following ls for the initiate, s of ' the y superior class. 1st. ' Halloo; You' 'arc- welcome, tell me .who you are ? ; 2nd,; iA,bi-othei- of yours. ; , ' 1st. : Are you a man ? 2nd. Yes. ' Ccrtaihlj',' and ccmseut that my ' right hand shall be cut off', and throat exit,' and : die.: of. hungeiv and iu the most, atrocious torments, , if I at any time harm .treacherous to one of my brethren. 1st. Hoxv shall I khow that you are faithful- to God and his Priiice? i ; . . ; : 2nd. By these words : F.aith, :Hox)e, .and ln- . dissohible Union. ; . Ist. Who acUnitted yoii into ,tlid Sdeibty of Jesus." 1'" . 2hd. A veuerable mau with white hair. Ist. Whatxvas done.toireceiyp you?; 2nil I was made to kneel on one knee, , oil the. cross, my right h.andjihicedpu.tlie Holy . ' Eiicharist, .and T ' iv.ds' anhed 'xvith - tho' Blessed 'Steel.- i- yi ' : : r .1 fist. In what place were yon reccived ?; j ...v.: 2nd-. In the bonds p,f the Jord.aii, in a site not. cpntauiiuated by . the enemies of the Holy ReligiCii'and of' its Princosiiii' the 'same 'hour'thiit onr'Diviiio Redeemer was born;' , ' 2nfL -With the yellow- and black my headiwas coyered (colours of .Anstriau st.andanl), , :and hi heart with -the xvhitb and yellow, " (c'oloiirs of 'the 'Papal stahdavd)_V: ' ' ' Ist. ' Do you know luiw many wo are ? ' ' 2nd. . We are certainly in suliieieht ; numhers : ? . to annihilate the enemies , of the Holy Religion and of the Monarchy. Ist What is yonr dxity ? 2nd. To hope in the name of God and of the true Roman Catholic Religion. 1st. From whence comes the wind ? 2nd. From P.alestine and the Vatican, and will di3ierae all the enemies of God. Ist. "What .are the aims to be extended ? 2ud, The love of God, of the Papal Domin ion, and of truth. 1st. How do you sleep ? 2nd. Alw.ays in peace xvith God, and xvith the hope of destroying in war all the enemies of His Holy n.anie. Ist. Wliat do you call your steiis? 2nd. The first. Alpha; the second. Ark of Noah ; the third, The Imperial Eagle (of .-Vustria) ; the fourth. The Keys of Heaven. Ist. Have coxif age, brethren, and persevere. Our Brethren lately massacred in Cuba is of itself suliicieut pi-oof to the world that there is truth in the foregoing, at least in spirit if not in the exact letter, of the ritual of the Jesuits, who proclaimed the infallibility of the Poxie, and forced it as a dogma ufion the members of the Roman Church. 