MISCELLANY. "Figdbbs <pnVli&" Can't they! Doeaa fashionable wapan'a figure tell the troth t WhehIs the morning like a king? When it JinlaUg(ni|oliit]L ' Ah Oxfotd ethdent defines flirtation to be A nirrns girl described « snake as a "thing thttVp.^rir^tOJttMh^,;' r L T^JLMt.Calitorniaeuthq^akebad.Uie effete cffwuaamy oaring anteS lame beggars in San ItaaalMa."^" • <>"•''< • -v» A pHtbioiah onoh boasted to Sir Henry Halfow>>»ayia»i"I wMthofiratto diaoorer the Asiatic; was a man or two aramtA* •'.WsicHof the Fiii Islands areronirom ?"! aaked a visitor of boe or Baninma oanmbala, .'/.Tip-? perkry, twOwl* was the Mftjrirf themwnoSi Withi©-1 ppphagtaiam ...., .■ ! \ Taaxwras a oool Scottish " aside" ofanold 1hm^ieS&5 oh' the ground ! potior." ^oleWy added,'» I hae MedbhUh/' ' ' A PaihfdlImpbbssioh.—¥ he feeUnesof a ,tq pphool J^.ft^ttaeiirhoseadithat.e w^ted' tor r'BIwjktod Grammar BehooJ,' ahd findt that thi S&ifa;&stenant; rtWetbtheaeidemy • • " ^ ' jrtTil oMwhieh he iraboot to "beoomea pnpll, maybe Una gin^'batmuMt be deao^mL , . . • . ' ?'v{; "Tickets. tfleaieV^Raroo i (SuWi ftiet ma avetotir SfttMtiaaadilook sharpn«.BuWob•»''Noa, bniteato timra). ^«8aA*b1^o3^oiWair r ■ " • • A£kararir<bif " RatoOtsic"-^Cclonel DS mater gronx tbe: *| ,T»ehApJa^iy,a " Miei Penelope Frygge: " We—er-do not listen to vocal, music ;ptifj instrumental I" Beecheb'b Calv*nibk.—H. W. Beecher says," I consider myself Calviniitic yon know, and in this wayI believe what John Calvin would have believed ifliO had lived In my time and awo thing* aa I see them. My first desire is to know wbat is true; and then I am glad If John Calvin agrees with me; but If ba dent, ao much the worn for him." A Pair 09 Race SpjBOTAOLbS —t. The apse tacle of Mr Jooee, at 10 o'alook h.e, emerging from Ua front door in a new white hat and dnat ooat, and looking quite a picture of neatness and respectability. 2\. The spectacle ot Mr. Jones, at 10 o'clock, p m, returning to hie front-door in a battered hat, with dolla at nick round it, and looking qnite a picture of wont-go-bome-till- morning-neas. Good Breeding.—Sheridan once told a story of the exquisite good breeding of a banker's o erk, of whom the wit had borrowed aome money, and to whom he actually repaid it. " Did'nt he look aetoniebedf" asked a dieooorteooe friend " No," eaid Sheridan; "he wna just going to look aetoniehed, when be remembered hie manners, and ewept away the money ee nnoonoernedly a* if he had not given up any idea of eeeing it again." A Fragment. —Clerical Gentleman (who object* to smoke, and means to make aa example): " May 1 inquire yonrname, sir?" Commercial: " To be erne yon may. I'm Davie, from Bradford, in the •tuff trade, what line might your* be?" Clerical Gentleman (with irony): "The spiritual, eir." Com mercial (not noticing the irony): " Is it, though ? What an awful prioe you've got gin up to the 'aet fort night I " (Clerical Gentleman is silent till the next elation, when he complains to the guard.)—Judy, Voltaire's Fertility as a Writer — Voltaire, in particular, has a very large sect of warm admirers, who are sometimes, I', may be, half-ashamed of their taste. Mr. Iforley remarks upon the amazing number ofoomplete editions of his works which have appeared, and the records of secondhand bookstalls would probably show that even to the present day there is aoaroely a writer of the same age who enjoys to persistent a popularity. It is sometimes asked what nook We should select if we were oondemned to retire to a desert island with one author for our sole companion. If the question were asked and answered publicly, the list would probably be limited SettiDg aside sacred lite rat ore, almost every Englishman would, of coarse, think it his duty to choose Bhakspeare whilst a certain number of eooentric persons would ipltch upon some other name intended to show the profundity of their intellects or the exquisiteness of their tastes. But i£ to make a bold hypothesis, men should venture to say frankly what they really liked, we suspect that a very large number of votes would be given to Voltaire. He is not altogether ,a respectable taste to avow. He ie frequently profane; he is not seldom grossly iodeoent; he makes little pretence to depth of speculation or ex tent of research j and he never oalla forth the highest moods of mind. Tenderness and reverential awe are unknown to him ; he never tonchee the high instincts before which our mortal nature Doth tremble like a guilty thing surprised and, in short, he would not be edifying reading before church on a Sunday morning, or when we are sitting by the deathbed of a friend. But he has one merit which would be exceedingly valuable on a desert island —the merit of a total incapacity for ever boring his readers. Through all the voluminous works, the amount of which is only explicable as the product of the assiduous labours of a long life, he never nods. There is scarcely a page, except indeed in his comediee, which can fairly be called dull. One is fairly amazed by the unparalleled vitality which preserved a sickly frame through a career crowded by excitement, and has communicated itself to his writings.—•' Fraser's Maga zine." Carlyle's "French Revolution."—Let this paassge be attentively oonaidered. and several things will appear from it. First, that Mr. Carlyle t""» no special party spirit in relation to the French revolu tionists, or to their opponent*. Not, of coarse, that he can he devoid of the natural feelings of men towards events so terrible. He, like another man, can blame the original selfishness of the French nobility—can sympathise with their after sufferings, in many cases heroically endured—can feel horror at the crimes of a Rohespieiie and a Marat. But these are not, to Mm, the whole; he can even look with a certain calmness upon these elements of the tragedy, knowing that there lies behind all those another and greater force. This tremendous revolution, as it was mot itself the pro duct of individual wills, bat the outburst of a suffer ing nation, so did not either owe its horrors to the wickedness of individual men. The leaders in it were indeed,in the greater number of inttanoee,wicked men; but they were also, with few exceptions small and vain num. it is paying them too much honour to consider them the real causes of those events of which they were the immediate authors. And ao Mr. Carlyle represents the matter. His eye does not rest on them: he looks beyond for a greater cause. What is that cause ? It is ignorance—the mutual ignorance on the part of men of caoh other's feelings, tempers, designs. When the different ranks in society stand aloof from each other, the error may at first seem email; bat their ignoanoe of each other's lives is like a dangerous fa*, nt first stifling all good efforts, and afterwards bursting oat into a destructive flams, when the smallest spark of suspicion falls upon it. A smell moral obliquity, oonjoined with a vast ignorance, is the source of the widest calamities. Now, we do not know any history whatever in whioh this gnat fact of human ipnruoe, with its enormous oonsequenoes, is ao frilly understood and emmplifiad as in Mr. Carlyle's "French Devolution." Consider, in the passage above quoted, his discription of the citizens at their festivities. He shows yon these men in their private relations, when they are engaged in matters at the level of their comprehension, mash like other men ; they are not fiends—they hare affections, duties, plea sures. And yet the awfolnese of the situation is never absent from his thoughts. He ahows you the minds of men, in all other respects inoonoeivably separated from each other, alike in this respect, that they seemed in the midst of black unmixed chaos; as if anew order of things had begun in which all old experiences were wiped out—in which the extravagaaoe of a line of conduct wis no proof that it might not be the very line to lead to safety. And the chaos which men saw wae intensified by the very, fret that they saw it. All this Mr. Carlyle deacribt*; and his description is meat true, most impartial, most serviceable to all who dmin to understand man—Quarterly Re view. Thackeray as a Showman.—The monthly goodp in the June number of '• Lippinoott'a Maga zine"^ contains thisstary about Thackeray. Years ago, when Thackeray was delivering hie lectures of "The G ecu-gee," and the "English Wits and Humourists," to large audienoet in a Southern city, he asked a dis tingUHhad literary man what chance of sncoess there would be in a certain other city not many miles away. * I really don't know, Mr. Thackeray," was the reply. " I never suooeeded there. But I am nobody, aadyon are a great gun: it seems to me you ought to suooeed anywhere. Still, 1 cannotoooecieatiouslyadviseyou to make.thsattempt;yon might poedbly fall, and lay the blame an me." After some reflection, he added, "Perhapsif von wereto make a special lecture, com pounded of ttta beet and most divesting part* of two or mora of your sense yon might draw a tolerably good house. But I will not guarantee anything." Thackeray thought .the matter over.1 aooaotad the sumstion. made up the. compound lecture, advertised!-*bSied the town." and want over.' On his return his friend met himat the can, and,' after the usual greeting, caid,i"WeU, sir, bow did yep make out?" "Oh!" said Thackeray merrily,"! hare been playing the mountebank for fid." "What do you mean by that ?" "Ths night, yon know, -was a wretched one, _ (ha andicnoc was thin, not above 60 or 60 persona, and a more quiet and absolutely sober tot l imvw attempted to entertain. I did my best, but eoprafMnd waatheirnspeot- rthsir awe, I mayagy— of me, that no! a mtumur of applause, pot a ghost of a •milA-eebapfedtbem. (Solemnly, sincerely, piously they etarwdntmm I do believe they thought I ma pnaah inga funera1 sermon. At the oloee of the lcoture I fulyexpeoted s-oommittee to come forward and request a copy Uf my obituary on the Oaunes fin publication in .the morning papers, and I fid? disappointed thai the doorkeeper aid not stop me ssl went out to put crape •on niyarinandnweeper enmv hat. It was truly a solemn apfl^wfretolBg season, ^enoxt^ornln^aftsr andjfive dollars over. Oangratulstifcg mytoif on tola .... . . . „ .. . . . ms« svHk^easpectof a' torakey. ieha. ln no compli -tMWtoAwiflhtr * Why, yes. a «lhpw.'r': * Welii than a ttw (totl^tpwn ths* anylbumthatgivm^a took hie jr five declare II no 