NEW BOOKS. The War for the Rhine frontier," by W. Riistow, now colonel in the Swiss, formerly Captain in the Prussian Army, translated by Lieutenant Needham, is a book in three volumes giving the history of the late war. Contemporary histories are seldom of much value, even when written, as in the present instance, with careful impartiality. A certain distance of time seems necessary to the historian before he can see events in their true proportions, much more before he can portray them in their natural perspective. This want of completeness of view takes much from the interest of Colonel Riistow's story; but it is carefully and truthfully told by one singularly fitted for the task. He shows how the success of the Prussians was due quite as much to the mistakes of the French as to their own skill and foresight. Had Napoleon IIL been able to bear defeat, he might have fallen back upon Paris when surprised and beaten on the frontier, and there defied the enemy to cut him off from [communication with any part of France. If Paris could hold out so long defended by untrained and undisciplined men, what might she not have done in the hands of the troops, and serving as the pivot of manceuvres for the army? Colonel Riistow seems to have great faith in fortified places— that is, in fortified arsenals and depots, and centres of communication. Such fortifications should be well provisioned, and inhabited by their garrison only. Railway fortresses will probably supersede all others, and they must be defended to the death, for whoever has command of the trains has the power of concentration in his hands, and concentration is the soul of modern warfare. The Fourteenth and last volume of the Duke of Wellington's Despatches contains many intercepted letters from the French Generals who conducted the war in Spain, anticipations of victories never achieved, and excuses for failures, which provoked angry replies from the Emperor. Marshal Marmont says that the English army is always concentrated and always disposable, because it has plenty of money and transports, and the cavalry get their hay from England. Meanwhile Wellington's difficulties are shown by his orders. The successful army of Vittoria is directed to be put under arms for eight hours each day of their stay in that place "as a punishment for their general illconduct." This is ten days after the battle, and the Duke says further, "I send a Provost- Marshal with full authority to execute any soldier found plundering, or committing any act of disobedience amounting to mutiny." He orders ^certain soldiers to receive two dozen lashes for burning two window-shutters, and another to be hanged for bringing into camp a mule laden with plunder. An officer incurs his intense displeasure by carrying off a young lady, and he is pestered with requests for leave to go to England, all of which are sternly refused. The Peninsular campaign seems to have brought out the harder parts of Wellington's nature, and we see how well he deserved the title of the Iron Duke. His strict discipline suppressed all disorderly conduct, and made of raw troops one of the finest armies in the world, while his careful protection of the rights of the country people surrounded him with friends and assistants, and took half the horror from the war. •The Great Lone Land," by Captain Butler, is a narrative of an expedition undertaken for the purpose of conveying medical aid to the pestilence-stricken tribes of the Blackfeet Indians, and describes a journey through the desolate regions of that country in North America lying between Lake Winnipeg and the Rocky Mountains. With Indians for his only companions Captain Butler traversed this vast extent of land, through solitary forests, over trackless deserts and unknown rivers strewn with huge blocks of ice, which required hours of exhausting labour before he could cross, and then only in deadly peril. In 27 days he rode nearly 1,200 miles through air thick with snow. To encounter the danger, the grimness, and the awful solitude of such a journey must have required unusual courage, yet he relates his story with an utter absence of self-consciousness ever subordinating the difficult to the picturesque side of the undertaking. He has always a kind word for the Indians, and is indignant with the tone of the Americans towards these fine people. "From southernmost Texastomostnorthern Montana there is but one universal remedy for the Indian difficulty—kill him. 'Never trust a redskin unless he be dead. 'Kill every buflialo you see,' said a Yankee 9 Colonel to me one day at Nebraska; ' e^&y; buffalo is an Indian goiie,' 'J, ' jjg is enthusiastic in his admiration of the lakes and rivers,especially Winnipeg, which the red men love with a mysterious passionate worship. Some of his experiences are droll, but most of them were sad and sombre, line the country through which he travelled. On one occasion when he stopped with his dog-train at an Indian birch-lodge to warm his fingers, he saw an old Indian crouched by the fire, who was singing in a monotonous chant a dirge for his son, while the young widow and her child sat moodily silent by his side. « He hunted for us, he fed ns," the old man sang; "I am too old to hunt, I can scarce see the light; I would like to die too." We cannot leave this beautiful book without quoting the sad story of the death of Blackie, the faithful horse which had carried his master from Fort Ellice to the Saskatchewan River, over the pitiless plains of snow, enduring ccld, fatigue, and hunger with unfailing patience and fortitude. They had to cross the ice-encumbered river, and with incredible labour the laden carts and loose horses and savage escort had all been safely landed. " Now came Blackie's turn. He was taken out, led as before, tied by a long line. I followed close upon his heels. He took the ice quite readily. We had got to the centre of the river when the surface suddenly bent downwards, and the horse plunged into black quick-running water. He was not three yards in front of me when the ice broke. I recoiled involuntarily from the blaek seething chasm; the horse, though he plunged suddenly down, never let Ms head under water,, but kept swim' ming round and round the narrow hole, trying all he could to get upon the ice. All his efforts were useless; a cruel wall of sharp ice struck his knees as he tried to lift them on the surface, and the current running with immense velocity repeatedly carried him back underneath. As soon as the horse had broken through the man who held the rope let it go, and the leather line flew back about poor Blackie's head. I got up almost to the eds;e of the hole, and stretching out took hold of the line again, but that could do no good, nor give him any assistance in his straggles. I shall never forget the way he looked at me. I feel again the horrible sensation of being utterly unable, though almost within touching distance, to give him help in his dire extremity; and if ever dumb animal spoke with unutterable eloquence, that horse called to me in his agony. He turned to me as to one from whom he had a right to expect assis tance. I could not stand the scene any longer. 'Is there no help for him ?' I cried to the other men. ' Nene whatever; the ice is dangerous all round.' Then I rushed back to the shore and up to the camp where my rifle lay; then back again to the spot where Blackie still struggled against his fate. As I raised the rifle he looked at me so imploringly that my hand shook. Another instant and the bullet crashed through his head, and he went down under the ice for ever. I went back to camp, sat down in the snow and cried like a chili" Mr. Barry, the author of "Russia in 1870," has brought out another book on the same subject, called "Ivan at Home," which possesses many of the excellencies and some of the defects of its predecessor. Mr. Barry brings the Russian peasant or mujik vividly before us, with all his contradictions—hissimplicityand child-like docility in some things, and his invincible obstinacy in others; his dog-like fidelity for his master, with his cunning devices for cheating him, and his utter absence of shame when found out; his superstitious reverence for old customs and sacred things, and his complete want of reverence for his priests; his wonderful quickness, and his love of idleness and strong drink. The vodka shop is the mujik's great enemy, and its proprietor is often a singular compound of roguery and honesty. Mr. Barry thought the candles supplied to his miners went too fast, so he buried some pins in the next quantity he served out, and going down shortly after to the vodka shop he saw plenty of candles burning with the pins in them, yet the same man would not cheat a peasant. When a mujik makes up his mind to get drunk he goes to the vodka shop, and pays for as much liquor as he thinks will accomplish his purpose, and Mr. Barry once found the landlord pouring the last glass of vodka down the throat of a man who had succumbed before getting through the quantity he had paid for. Ivan mil drink anything. When the allied* armies werg^in Paris the Russian soldiers drank up the oil out of the street lamps, and a man who had contracted to light the suburbs of a large city with petroleum forfeited his contract because, he said, "as fast as he filled up his lamps with petroleum the mujiks drank it all up." "My Wife and I in Queensland," by Charles H. Eden, is a pleasant sensible book, describing everything in a plain simple way, justas it happened, with very little sentiment, and no flights of fancy. It contains an interesting chapter on sugar-planting, and much information about Polynesian labour and labourers, of whom he says :—"They were the most willing, trustworthy fellows possible, requiring no superintendence whatever," working under one of themselves, to whom they looked up as a chief. "My partner and I could both be away together, feeling confident that the work appointed would be done as scrupulously in our absence as if we were on the spot. Whenever we had either of us been away for above a day or two, directly the boys saw us riding up they would throw down their tools and rush at us in a way that at first would discompose the strongest nerves, drag us off our horses, and hoisting us, struggling and unwilling on the shoulders of four Tamina giants, carry us to the house, a distance of nearly a mile; one of them leading the horses, and the others jumping, shouting, and laughing -with delight; wluch they vented by slapping UB on the back." Such as these were perhaps the poor fellows so ruthlessly and cruelly slaughtered on board the brig CarL Mr. Browning has brought out a new poem, " Fifine at the Fair," as quaint and paradoxical and incomprehensible as "Hohenstiel Schwangan" itself. Our two great philosophic poets, Tennyson and Browning, are as opposite as possible in their modes of treating their subjects. Tennyson takes the most advanced thoughts of modern age, and clothing them in ancient garb shows us their beauty and their strength enhanced by his thin disguise. Browning, on the contrary, goes back to the old philosophy of Plato or Aristotle, dresses it up in modern array, and carefully ni asking its features keeps us in a continual puzzle of curiosity as to what is behind. The great theory drawn equally from Aristotle and Lavater, which underlies this poem, and flashes out continually, seems to be that each face is the soul's mask, and being plastic ought " —7 To yield, did Nature ply her task— As artist should—precise, the beauties of the soul" But because Nature does not " ply her task precise," each soul unsatisfied " Goes striving to combine With what shall right the wrong, the under or above The standard; supplement unioveliness by love." Of course the poem is a monologue, and this Dhjlosophy is supposed to be the origin of tine speaker's transient admiration of Fifine," a girl " in page costume, all pink and impudence," dancing in a booth at Pornie Fair. To .his wife's vexation he falls thinking of Fifine, and makes her one of a vision of fair women—not that he really prefers this fizgig" to his wife— " So all your sex mistake! —Few families were racked With torture self-supplied, did nature grant but this, That women comprehend mental analysis." In his wife he finds a something wanting to fill up his idea of perfection; but as for her jealousy you might as well accuse the owner of a Raphael of inconstancy because he " Overlooks with relish leaf by leaf Dor<?s last picture-book." There are nevertheless many beauties and noble thoughts in this weird poem, to which space prevents our doing justice. The epilogue is quaint and strange, yet seems to contain the gist of the whole argument. Whether it is beautiful poetry or not our readers may judge:— "Help and get it over! Reunited to his wife (How draw up the paper let the parish people know) lies M or N, departed from this life, Say the this or that, month and year the 59 and so. What in the way of final flourish ? Prose or verse? Try! AlBiction sore long time he bore, or what is it to be? Till God did please to grant him ease. Do end quoth I; I end with—Love is all and death is nought! quoth she." Mr.-Calverley's " Fly Leaves" are charming. His rhymes approach very closely to those of Ingoldsby, and not only is he master of the art of parody, but there is a music in his rhythm and an occasional touch of pathos which make one almost impatient with the author for giving to "idiot laughter solely" powere which could touch the heart. For an instance we would point to a poem too long to quote, called "For Ever." The following stanzas are very musical, and a good specimen of the author's style:— "In the gloaming to be roaming, where the crested waves are foaming, And the shy mermaiden's combing locks that ripple to their feet— Where the gloaming is I never made the ghost of an endeavour To discover—but whatever were the hour it would be sweet; To their feet I say, for Leech's sketch indisputably teaches That the mermaids of our beaches do not end in ugly tails, Nor have homes among the corals, but are shod. with neat Balmorals, An arrangement no one quarrels with, as many might with scales." And here is one verse of "First Love :"— "There she sat—so near me, yet remoter Than a star—a blue-eyed bashful imp. OB her lap she held a happy bloater, 'Twixt her lips a yet more happy shrimp." 