MAKING AN OMELETTE. « [From the French ofGustave Droz.] The rain had been falling all day, and, tired out, liad turned into the sort of mist-that rises from the meadows at ereni&g.; We had just dined; baby, who had fallen asleep at dessert, had gone to bed, and we two, Louise and I, were standing at the open window, loofcing_out at the sky and humming to ourselves. " Suppose we leave the ark, Father Noah! «aid my wife to me. " I see no rainbow, my dear." *' So much the more reason for going out to look for it."- She left me, and came back hooded, booted, and gloved. She took my ai^n with a .good firm hold, leaning close up to me, as if we had just met after a long separation; " Oh, how glad I am to get out! Don't you feel how good the air is? I should like to go on walking, walking. Let us go ever sq far; it is broad daylight stilL" And she merrily urged me on, making great strides to keep pace with me. "We skirted the hedge, and, turning to the left* entered the wood. How we loved that dear wood! At that hour it was silent, -damp, and dripping, like the beard of a sea-god. The wet moss yielded jfco Jha^fiiQt Jikft a saturated sponge, and a clear raindrop trembled to its fall on eveiy leaf of the drooping branches. "You will be very wet, dearest," I said to Louise, stopping as I spoke. "Oh, no matter; I" have on my thick boots. Do let us go on." So we went on. I thanked my wife for her courage that evening, for nothing on earth is more beautiful than the forest after rain, especially at snnset, when all is' silence and peace. The wind has gone down, the weary rain has crept back to its clouds, the very birds are falling asleep and dreaming of dryness. To me there is a well-loved charm in feeling really alone, when there are only the two of us, and we arm inarm; in walking under the great green arches; in breathing the keen scent of the moist wood; -in striking my stick against the massive oaks and hearing the long, sonorous echo from the neighboring trees; in stopping short at the ciy of a breaking twig, at the sound of the drops pattering from leaf to leaf; in drawing in long breaths of the fresh rain-washed air; in listening with my eyes (if I may use the expression) to the exquisite harmony of all these shy and subtil tones. The metaphor, is so true that it has become trite, but I do not use it for the sake of stringing words togethea. On a fine -day r when the sun is near setting, everything grows rosy and highcolored, like the face of a handsome girl Bpinning oyer the fire. There is a warmth and a vividness of tones, boon Nature is thrilled and touched, and we feel thatthrough the day she has had her share of love and pleasure and work. The forest is warm; the foliage sparkles with diamond^ and rubies and emeralds ; aud every now and then, on the mossy trunks, you catch a sudden startling gleam of gold. Then you have an orchestra with all its effects, a rich and brilliant harmony, like the unexpected sight of a - royal treasure chest, like a cathedral where the loud trumpets burst out and a whole nation shouts Alleluia ? But on a gray day it is quite another thing; no brightness then, no trumpets and drums. Nature goes to her bed that night with tearful eyes and a marked desire to yawn. The violins, deadened tiiat she may sleep, are at their lowest and slowest; you can hardly hear their music. It is like a dream, but so sweet in its voice, so exquisite its harmony, that it is not an easy thing for the loitering lover" of the music of the eye to decide which phase it prefers—the forest veiled in the gray mantle of twilight or the forest dazzling in its golden gleams of splendor. We were going along under a clump of birches when , a geutle little wind passed.over us, stirring the treetops, and they, with a sudden shake like a bird from its bath, «ent down on us a shower of liquid diamonds. " Oh, heavens!" cried Louise, stopping dead short, ("the horrid wind! I am soaked." Her skirt guttered in the wiud, and I caught sight of two tiny boots firmly planted close together in the grass. " Perfectly soaked!" she repeated ; " my hood was pushed back, and I have a deluge down my neck—a whole "river." I brushed off the rain, readjusted her hood, and when she was comfortable again, she said with a smile, "You are very nice." I rather thidk I kissed her. And in lugli good humor we danced over the fern, sfie ieaning-GB^ny arm; then, as we came into the ^onarouB Bflence of the high « grotrife^riie suddenly broke out, to the " Marseillaise," into a foolish little song of her own invention about wicked iuisband who did not love his wife at all, at all, at all. She looked so mischievous as she hurried on, singing and smiling and showing her pretty white teeth, that I began to sing with her. "We behaved like children; we know it and We liked it—it is a good thing. • All at once we came to a place which P^S* 1 *. taTe been a quagmire, a dried-up marsh, or a worked-out quarry—I don't know which; but the ground was upturned, the trees were destroyed, and ^harled tobts looked angrily out from the briers. *c "Are you mre we shan't lose our way ?" Mid Louise, looking at me. \- "Oh no, dearest." . And if we are lost, what will that poor jjjtle fellow, asleep in his cradle this minute, say to-morrow,? -Shall we go back ? Say, shall we go back ?" \- "'But we are only twenty minutes from home, not more." "Yes, yes, travellers who are lost in the woods always think they are only twenty minutes from home. I don't like those ugly twisted trees ; there must be crowds of animals living in those roots." She shuddered, and stooping forward to listen, said, " There, do you hear ? Don't you hdar those heavy blows? Hush, hush—heavy, heavy blows. At this hour, in the forest, what can it be ? The sun is setting; shan't we go-back ?" I listened and did indeed hear a dull sound, the cause of which was easy to guess. I could liave told her at once, but I liked too well to see her as she stood, serious and pent to listen, her lips parted and her eyes fixed on mine ; it- gave me too much pleasure to have her clinging to me in her fright, and in my egotism I answered, without moving a muscle, " It is strange, iudeed. I do hear heavy blows. Let us go see what it is ; it can't be far." " Go there! Dear George, you are mad." She threw her arms round me, and raising herself to my ear, almost whispered, " I am frightened; come away, please—please come away." " What a little coward you are! Didn't you recognise the sound—the woodcutters working in the clearing ?" " And you expect me to believe in your woodcutters ? What are they aomg,pray7- " They are cutting up oak logs to make staves for barrels; that's the whole of the mystery." " Are you quite sure ?" " Yes, dear." " Are woodcutters good people ?" " Particularly these • I know them well. Let us go and see them; it won't take three minutes." She consented to follow me, lagging a little behind. In another minute or two we were in the most picturesque of spots. Before us were two or three cabins like wigwams on the shores of Lake Ontario, described in Cooper's novels, consisting of a pile of boards and trunks of trees, blackened, moss-grown, damp and dark, topped by a white chimney, whence a feather of blue smoke escaped into the green vault above us. Around this settlement were heaps of logs, mountains of chips, pyramids, of yellowish-red planks, and on a line stretched from tree to tree a few clothes making believe to dry. The ground next the huts was trodden down, and at a little low door an old woman was feeding a dozen chickens. •' Good evening, sir—good evening, madame," said the old woman as we approached. " Won't you come in and .warm yourselves a little? It's pretty fresh this evening." Louise was looking at everything as she would have looked at a successful stage effect. We went in. The inside was worthy of the outside. The hut was of irregular shape, full of chinks and corners in the middle, on the ground, blazed a magnificent fire, the fireplace being indicated by. four iron bars, which kept the burning brands in their place. There was a hole in the roof, as in the impluvium of a Roman house, and the flames soared high: Beyond the opening, through a yawning chimney, which let in the daylight and let out the smoke, we saw branches aud grey sky. In the embers was" a pot "set to boil, and in the corners of the cabin, in a confusion of tools, materials, and refuse, three men—one a little old fellow, with hollow cheeks and brickdust complexion—were chopping away with all their might and main. The three were father, son, aud son-in-law; this was their workshop and their home, and here they lived and labored year in, year out, winter and summer through. Once a week the son went to the ! village for provisions, and on Sunday the whole family played at bowls under the great trees. As we entered they stopped work, and each man, having spoken to us, put down his axe—a frightful weapon, not unlike the guillotine axe—an enormous, sharppointed blade and a short handle, admirabty adapted to the murder of oaks, but sinister of aspect. Louise drew somewhat closer to me on the little bench where we had seated ourselves. "Don't we interrupt your work?" I asked the old man. "Thank you kindly, np, sir; we are just going to supper." The two young men pulled down their sleeves, and they all gathered round a large table of primitive construction, made of a board and four legs still in the rough. While they were setting out little plates of thick blue stoneware, the old woman brought a great pan and threw into the fire an armful of chips. In this strange, rude interior, Louise looked so refined and delicate, with all her dainty appointments of long, undressed-kid gloves, jaunty boots, and looped up-petticoat. While 1 talked to the woodcutters, she shielded her face from the fire with her hands and kept her eye on the butter beginning to sing in the pan. Suddenly ' she rose, aud taking the panhandle from the old woman, said, " Let me help you make the omelette, will you ?" The good woman let go with a smile, and Louise found herself alone, in the attitude of a fisherman who has just had a nibble. She stood in the full light of the fire, her eyes fixed ou the melted butter, her arms tense with effort; she was biting her lips, probably in order to increase ber strength. " It's rather hard on madame's little hands," said the old man. "I bet it'„ the first time you. ever made an omelette ina woodcutter's hut—isn't it, my young Louise nodded yes, without turning net 1 eyes from the omelette. . " The eggs ! the eggs !" she suddenly exclaimed, with such "a'look of niieasiness that we all burst oat "laughing—hurry with" the eggs! The butter is all puffing up! Be quick, or I can't answer for the consequences." The old woman beat the eggs energetically. " The herbs!" cried the old man. " The lard and salt!" cried the young ones. And they all set to work, chopping, cutting, piling up, while Louise, stamping with excitement, called out, " Make haste ! make haste!" Then there was a tremendous bubbling in the pan, and the great work began. We were all round the fire, gazing with an anxious interest inspired by our all having had a finger in the pie. The old woman, on her knees beside a large dish, slipped a knife under the edge of the omelette,^which was turning a fine brown. " Now, madame, you've only got to turn it over," she said. " Just one little quick blow," suggested the old man. "Musn't be violent," -counselled the v young one. "All at once; up with it dear!" I said. " If you all talk at once—" "Make haste madame!" " If you all talk at once I never shall manage it. It is too awfully heavy." " One quick little blow." " But I can't; it's going Jover. Oh, gracious 1" In the heat of action her hood had fallen off. Her cheeks were like a peach, her eyes shone, and, though she lamented her fate, she burst out into peals of laughter. At last, by a supreme effort, the pan moved, and the omelette rolled over, somewhat heavily I confess, into the large dish which the old woman was holding. Never did omelette look better. " I am sure the young lady's arms must be tired," said the old man, as he bcganfcutting a round loaf into enormous slices. " Oh no, not so very," my wife answered with a merry laugh; only I am crazy^to taste my—our omelette." We seated ourselves round the table. When we had eaten and drunk with- the good souls we rose aud made ready to "go home. The sun had set, and the whole family came out of the^cabiu to see us off and say good nigot. " Don't you want my son to go with yon ?" the old woman called after us. It was growing dark and chilly under the tree, and we gradually quickened our pace. "Those are happypeeple," said Louise. " We will come some morning and breakfast with them, shan't we? We can put the baby ia one of the donkeypanniers, aud in the other a large pasty and a bottle of wine. You are not afraid of losing your way George ?" " No, dear, no fear of that." " A pasty and a bottle of wine—What is that?" " Nothing—the stump of a tree." " The stump of a tree", the stump of a tree !" she muttered. " Don't you hear something behind us?" It is only the wind in the leavsp, or the breaking of a dead branch." He is fortuuate who, at night, in the heart of the forest, feels as calm as at his. own fireside. You do not tremble but you feel the silence. Involuntarily you look for eyes peering out of thfe darkness, and you try to define the confused forms appearing and changing every minute. Something breaks and sounds beneath your tread, and if you stop you hear the distant melancholy howl of a watchdog, the scream of an owl, and other noises, far and near, not so easily explained. A sense of strangeness surrounds you and weighs you down. If you are alone, you walk faster; if there are two of you, you draw close to your companion. My wife clung to my arm. Let us turn woodcutters. We could build a pretty little hut, simple, but nice enough. I would have curtains to the windows and a carpet, and put my piano in one corner." She spoke very low, and occasionally I felt her hand tremble on my arm. You would soon get enough of that dearest." "It isn't fair to say so." And in another minute she went on; " You think I don't love you, Jyou and our boy? Oh yes, dear, I love yoji. Yes, yes, yes. The happiness that comefe every day can't be expressed ; we live on it, so we don't think of it. Like our daily bread—who thinks of that ? But when you are thinking of yourself, when you put your.head down and really think, then you say, 1 1 am ungrateful, for I am happy and I give no thanks for it.' Or when we are alone together, and walking arm in arm, now at this very .moment—not that I mean only this moment—I love you, dear love', I love you." She put her head down on my arm and pressed it earnestly. "Oh," she said, " if X were to lose yon !" She spoke very low, as if afraid. What had frightened her?—the darkness aud the forest, or her own words ? She went on ; "I have often and often dreaired that I was saying good-bye to you. You both cried, and I pressed you so close to my heart that there was only one of us. It was a nightmare, you know, but I don't mind it,, for it showed me that my life was in your lives, dear. What is that creaking noise? Didn't you see something just in front of us ?" I answered her by taking her in my arms and folding her to my heart. We walked on, but it was impossible to go on talking. Every now and then she would stop and-say, " Hush ! hark ! No, it is nothing." At last we saw ahead of us a little light, now visible, now hidden by a tree. It was the lamp set for us in the parlor. We crossed the stile and were at home It was high time, for we were wet through. I brought a huge log, aud when the fire had blazed up we sat down in the great chimney-place. The poor girl was shivering. I took off her boots and held her feet to the fire, screening them with my hands. " Thanks, dear George, thanks!" she said, leaning on my shoulder aud looking at me so tenderly that I felt almost ready to cry. " What were you saying to me in that horrid wood, my darling ?" I asked her, when she was better. " You are thinking about that ? I was frightened, that is all, and when you are frightened you see ghosts." " We will be woodcutters, shan't we ?" And kissing me with a laugh, she replied, " It is bed-time, man of the woods." I well remember that walk, for it was our last. Often and often since, at sunset on a dark day, I have been over the same ground ; often and often I have stopped where she stood, and stooped and pulled aside the fern, seeking to find, poor fool that I am ] the traces of her vanished footsteps. And I have often halted in the clearing under the birches which rained down on us, and there in the shadow I have fancied I saw the flutter of her dress I have thought I heard her startled note of fright. And ou my way home at night at every step T ha ve found a recollection of her in the distant barkiug and the breakingbranches, as in the trembling of her hand on my arm, and the kiss which I gave ber. Once I went into the wood-hut. I saw it all as before—the family, the smoky interior, the little bench on which we sat—and I asked -for something to drink, that I might see the glass her lips had touched. " The little lady who makes such good omelettes, she isn't ill, for sure?" asked the old woman. Probably she saw the tears in my eyes, for she said no more, and I came away. And so it is that, except in my heart, where she lives and is, all that was my darling grows faint'and dark and dim. It is the law of life, but it is a cruel law. Even my poor child is learning to forget, and when I say to him, most unwillingly, " Baby dear, do yon remember how your mother did this or that ?" he answers, " Yes," but I see, galas! that he too is ceasiug to remember. The Broadway. 