Cbe Month. THE month just over has been, probably, the most eventful one of the year. What with elections, political and social squabbles, mining speculations, holidays, sports, trials of criminals, &c.;, &c.;, the people of Syd- ney have had quite enough material to occupy their time and thought during the somewhat fretful period lying between the date of our last issue and that of the pre- sent. Beginning with political matters, we have to re- cord that the members of the new Government, under the leadership of Mr. Parkes, have all been re- elected five out of the seven having got in without opposition. The other two, Messrs. Parkes and Lloyd, did not fare so well ; still in the case of the former, results proved that the antagonist brought out against him had not the ghost of a chance. Mr. Jones, the gentleman in ques- tion, was warmly supported by the Orange party, who, strange to say, were embraced on the occa jJüöl'itUUTiVE EIKE AT MEáíSiiS.y^BAKKEií &.CÜ.'S TWEED FACTORY. ?ion by no leas a person than that immacu- late epicurean, the Hon. W. B. Dalley. In the heat of his singular antipathy for the present Premier, he rushed into the arms of John Davies ; and, of course, that distin- guished patriot took every possible advan- tage of the incident. Mr. Dalley is a bril- liant orator Í as the most of us know ; and, therefore, it was quite natural that the Orange leader and his friends should call upon him to do a little " talkee-talkee " on their candidate's behalf. And, to tell the honest truth, he did the "talkee-talkee" with a vengeance. Able his speech certainly ?was ; and some of his charges against Mr. Parkes were too true to be palatable'; but many of them, were to our thinking, en- tirely out of taste. Amongst other things, the Premier's deficient education was anim- adverted upon ; and the only logical impres- sion to be derived from Mr. Dalley's re- marks is, that he considers every self-educa- ted man a great criminal. Now, this is all b >i\i. If there is one thing that more than any other of his attributes entitles Mr. ..Parkes to the respect of the community, it is the perseverance that has enabled him, in the teeth of troubles which we hope Mr. Dailey may never know, to acquire the knowledge he has. And the knowledge in question is not sp meagre as his euphonical satirist would have us think. Certainly his attempts to construct trochees may not be so successful as those of a youngster dabbling in dog-latin ; and it is just as possible that his accentuation is inferior to that of a Greek schoolmaster ; but it is to be doubted whether the erudition of the mere grammarian places him so high above men like Mr. Parkes after all. Apart from this, " people who live in glass houses should not throw stones." Mr. Dalley's natural abilities are beyond dispute ; but he should be one of the last men in the world to hit at the Premier because he hap- pens to be without that flimsy thing-a University degree. Passing on to other topics, we may men- tion that the Postmaster-General had a rather rough tight for it at Newcastle. He was elected, however, by a larger majority than that which was anticipated : a fact going a long way to prove that, just now, a Parkes' Ministry is a " political necessity." Whether it will turn out to he a social ad- vantage remains to be seen. Perhaps the most interesting incident calling for notice in this issue was the arrival of our new Governor, Sir Hercules Robinson, on the 2nd instant. His public landing took place at noon on the following day, when two thirds at least of our citizens turned out to welcome him. His Excellency disembarked at the Semi-circular Quay, where he was met by processions, consisting of the Chief Justice and his stttie, the members of the Executive Council, the Judges, members of Parliament, representatives of the Civil, Naval, and Military Services, the Foreign Consuls, the Mayor and Aldermen of Sydney, and a large number of civilians. The way from the Quay to Government House was lined by the Per- manent Military, and Volunteer, Corps ; and guards of honour were in attendance at both places. The usual salutes were fired from the men-of-war in port and the different bat- teries ; and the address customary in such cases was given and gracefully replied to. Immediately after his reception, Sir Hercules was sworn into office ; aDd on the following day, he held a brilliant levee at Government House. His Excellency has brought. his family with him, consisting of his lady, two daughters, and a son. Parliament will open on the 11th instant ; but, as may be assumed, nothing is known as to the movements of the opposition. Although the advertising columns of our newspapers continue to bristle with pros- pectuses, mining matters are, by no means, so brisk as they were a month or two ago. This is owing, not to any material falliug off in the yields of established claims, but rather to the reaction that inevitably succeeds com- mercial excitement of any kind. The thing, in fact, has been overdone ; and our readers may recollect that we anticipated this from the first. However, affairs in the long run must rally ; and then speculation will, doubt- lessly, take a healthier tone. The leads at Hill End still run rich ; and a magnificent vein has been struck near Orange." It is ex- pected to give 200 ounces to the ton. Mat- ters at Gulgong and Tambaroora are pro- gressing fairly ; but they are hardly so bright as they have been. The news from our tin and copper fields is as good as ever ; and, although ' . stream tin " is the only descrip- tion of that metal our miners have yet found, there is no doubt that it will be soon dis- covered in the lode. Then New South Wales will go ahead in reality. While on this topic we are bound to state that Krohmann's iamous cake of gold, mentioned in our last aa one weighing 5612 ounces, has been sold to Messrs. Foster, Kelly, and Co., mining agents of this city, for the sum of £22,307 14s., the amount being at the rate of £3 19s. <>d. per oz. We have little of a purely municipal ?character to report. About three weeks ago the new Markets erected by the City Coun- cil in Forbes-street, Woolloomooloo, were opened. They are intended chiefly for the sale of fish ; but, from what we can hear, a general market is to be carried on every Saturday night. Our readers will he pleased to hear that the Metropolitan Town Hall one of the largest and most handsome build- ings south of the Equator-is fast approach- ing completion : the scaffolding work being proceeded with rapidly. The new General Post-Office is also in a fair way of being soou finished ; and, though it is inferior iu size tc the noble structure in Melbourne bearing th« . same name, it still promises to be a very im- posing edifice. The sources of our future water supply have not yet been fixed upon . though suggestions continue to flow out from week to week. There is no other civic item just now of sufficient importance to de- mand notice. As we write, the Sydney Court of Quarter Sessions is holding its sittings. The list of cases is, unhappily, rather a heavy one ; but in point of magnitude it is not to be compared to that which was dealú with at the Central Criminal Court during the last half of May. A larger and more dismal array of charges than the last named has not been before a Sydney tribu nal for very many years ; and it is lamentable to think that in a young aud pro- spering community such a phenomenon is possible. Many of the persons brought into the dock on the occasion provoking these remarks were arraigned for capital offences ; and, we grieve to add, some of them were convicted. Two of the features of this calen- dar stand out in frightful contrast to even the worst of the others ; and we need hardly explain that we refer to the cases of Nichols and Lester. The fiendish atrocities of which those wretches have been convicted are with- out parallel in the criminal records of the colony. Indeed, the old country itself can furnish only two or three cases whose wicked- ness rivals that of the Parramatta River mur- ders. People in Sydney have scarcely yet recovered from their shock ; and it is still difficult for them to realise that while they were working, eating, drinking, and sleep- ing, without the slightest idea that their lives were in jeopardy, two devils in the form of human beings were prowling about, and destroying victim after victim at their very doors. Our readers have already been made acquainted with the history of these men's crimes, and therefore there is no need to repeat it. After a fair trial, during which they were armed with every possible means of defence, they were found guilty by twelve honest men, and are now lying in the igno- minious cells of the condemned. The last scene but one of the awful tragedies in which they played so prominent a part was quite consistent with all that had preceded it. It was natural enough that the man who had displayed, at the first, the heartlessness of a ruffian should in the end exhibit the sensibi- lity of a coward. On the memorable occasion when Nichols upon being called up to receive his sentence, fell fainting on the floor of the dock, many spectators were struck with sur- prise : in fact, they could hardly understand how such a remorseless assassin could betray, when his crimes had found him out, so much of the spirit of a miserable cur. But for our part we fail to discover an incongruity. However, his fate, and that of his wretched companion are sealed ; and people may once more breathe freely. The Executive have decided that the law shall take its course, and the date of execution has been fixed for Tuesday the 18th instant. The weather during the last half of May was cold and unsettled ; and there has been no material change up to the present date. Winter, generally speaking, is one of the most pleasant seasons of the Australian year ; but that of 1872 promises to be a dis- agreeable exception to its fellows. Still we have mach to be thankful for. We have had a delightful autumn, and the summer which preceded it had all the light and aroma of the corresponding season in Italy. We have no gales to report, but snow has fallen on our table lands, and in some parts of the country there have been heavy rains. In sporting circles, things at present are flat. On the Queen's birthday, however, there was the usual gathering at the Albert Cricket Ground ; and some capital raciug took place at Homebush and Gulgong, re- spectively. On the same day there was a levee at Government House, and a grand Volunteer review in Moore Park. During the last fortnight, a very interesting chess match was got up between seven champions of New South Wales and seven of South Australia, and played by electric telegraph. The contest was a close one throughout ; but our team managed to win by two games. This is the second or third time they have pulled off the honours- from the same an- tagonists ; but they have yet to beat the Vic- torians. Theatrical matters are beginning to look up. At the Victoria, burlesque is still in the ascendant ; but it is associated now with melodrama - melodrama, too, of a really high character. Messrs. Andrews and Young, together with that spirited young actress, Miss Maggie Oliver, continue to enjoy the lion's share of applause ; and the efforts of Mesdames Howarde and Mandeville are as highly appreciated as ever. Mr. Bennett, who makes a capital manager, is not afraid to produce novelties ; and we hear that two new plays, by colonial authors, Messrs. Harold Stephen and Garnet Walsh, are likely, at no remote period, to be put on the boards. If they should be presented, we have no doubt they will both prove successes. By the way, Sydney will shortly be visited by a new opera troupe, now performing in Mel- bourne. Musical critics in that city are in raptures about the prima donna, in whom great personal beauty is said to be associ- ated with vocal powers of the highest quality. A company, containing two or three of the most accomplished comic sing . ?rs we have had in the colonies, and styling t¿self "The London Star Comique Combi- nation," is performing nightly before crowded audiences at our School of Arts. Although, as the Sydney Morning Herald remarks, comic singing, to many persons, appears ob jectionahle, because of the coarseness whicl is too often one of its elements, the most fastidious, after hearing the ladies and gen tlemen forming the above-named company, would be compelled to admit that there i¡ nothing distasteful in their songs. Miss Lizzie Watson and Mr. Harry Rickards, foi example, have proved how possible it is t< dispense with objectionable vulgarisms, anc yet keep a mixed audience vastly amused foi over two hours. Mr. Enderby Jackson, the manager of the London Star Comique Com- bination, deserves the patronage as well as the thanks of the Sydney people, for the very superior entertainment he is offering them. While on the topic of public amuse- ments, we must not forget to notice the Cir- cus troupe, now displaying their agility at the Hippodrome in Pitt-street. Since the days of James Melville and Hernandez, we have never had such a competent body of athletes among us. The clown, too, is inimitable. Turning to other matters, we noticed the other day, in our contemporary the Herald, a paragraph whose contents must be of the highest interest to those of our readers who are horse-breeders. It is a report giving the pith of a conversation, held in the Hon. Colonial Secretary's office, between that gen- tleman, Captain F. E. L. Rossi, and the well-known squatter, Mr. Alexander Ryrie, with reference to the existing necessity for improving the breed of horses in New South Wales. With a view to provide for such necessity, Captain Rossi submitted a pro- posal to Mr. Parkes, and explained its nature in the following terms, which we take from the Herald : That the Government should get an Act passed im- posing a tax of 5s. per head upon all horses, with the exception of geldings. He estimated the number of horses in the colony at 230,000, and assumed that one-half of that number were females. On the pre- sumption that the tax would induce owners to slaugh- ter 60,000, 80,000 females would be left, and the tax would then yield the Government £20,000 per annum. He considered this an extreme position, and thought that there would be a much larger number upon which the tax could be imposed. He then suggested that £5000 should be given for securing the improvement in the breed of horses, by giving the jockey-clubs one half that amount (£2500), and the central and other agricultural societies the other half-the money to be distributed in prizes and stakes. This suggestion, if carried out, would remove the objections which are often urged in Parliament against tho voting of £200 for a Queen's Plate, to be mn for at Randwick, as it was thought that sum would not then be required. The stakes would in that case not only be increased, but would come out of the pockets of persons inter- ested in encouraging a better breed of horses, instead of out of the general revenues of the colony. The remaining £15,000, or whatever other sum it might be, Captain Rossi proposed should be expended in tho destructiou| of wild horses, which are now proving such a nuisance to horse-breeders, and do much to damage tho horse-stock of the colony. That there is an immense number of wild horses in New South Wales is shewn by the fact that Mr. Ryrie, on one of his runs in-; the Monaro district, killed no less than 1400 in abolit two years and a half. It was also pro- posed that tho machinery in operation for the col- lection of fees on cattle and sheep, should be used for the collection of the fees on horses ; as this would only entail the addition of another column on the " return" sheets, which have now to be sent in annually to the Clerks of Petty Sessions. It was pointed out that, whilst the proposed tax would do much towards im- proving the horse stock of the colony, and thereby ensure a large export trade with India and other countries, and be of great advantage to the whole community, it would interfere with none but those who were interested in horse-breeding. The foregoing, no doubt, contains the gist of what Captain Rossi said. In taking leave of his visitors, the Colonial Secretary advised them to put the proposal in .writing, and promised that if they did so he would sub- mit it at once to the consideration of his col- leagues. This looks like the evidence of a wish on his part to do something in the matter. It will be recollected by everybody ac- quainted with the history of the Parramatta River tragedies, that the speedy discovery of the murderers was owing principally to the untiring exertions of Detectives Elliott and Camphin ; and we are glad, therefore, to re- port that the citizens of Sydney are proving, in a practical way. how much they appreciate the devotion to the cause of justice shown by those brave officers. In other words, they have initiated a movement for pre- senting to Messrs. Elliott and Camphin a suitable testimonial, as an acknowledgment of their recent services. All who have a re- gard for the safety of society, will be pleased to hear this. Colonial ghost stories are not always to be credited, and we give the following for what it is worth. A provincial contempo- rary informs us that a ghost is reported as having been seen, on several occasions, at Bealba Point, between Wagga Wagga and Hay. It tries, so gossip says, to stop the mail coach by crying, " Hie ! hie !" but there is no account yet of its having presented fire-arms at the driver. That is, to our thinking, the most marvellous part of the affair. During May, the Royal Society of New South Wales held its annual meeting, at which the Rev. W. B. Clarke, M.A., deli- vered an exceedingly interesting address. In it, he dwelt upon the affluent natural re- sources of New Guinea ; the disastrous re- sult of the late attempt to reach its shores ; the failure of the Eclipse Expedition ; the death of his distinguished friend, Sir Ro- derick Murchison ; the probable safety of Dr. Livingstone ; the historyof the first gold discoveries in Australia ; and he concluded it with a glowing description of the mineral riches and splendid commercial prospects of the colony. Since the date of its delivery, it has been published by its reverend author in a pamphlet form. A special Council Meeting of the Agri- cultural Society was held on the 29th ult. : Sir William Macarthur being in the chair. A Report of Progress from the Standing Committee was read and adopted. It is satisfactory to learn that the financial state ment subsequently submitted to the meeting was of a very encouraging character. A singular case of suicide occurred th« other day near Fort Macquarie, in this city. The dead body of a respectably dressed mar with its throat cut (the wound being obvv ously self-inflicted), was found there by thc police, who took from its pockets severa valuable articles, and upwards of £3000 ster ling. Generally the people who commit sui cide do it when suffering from want o money ; but, Samuel Cawley, as the de ceased turned out to be, had not the slight I est reasonable motive for the act. The jurj who eat in the case, very properly returned a verdict to the effect, "That the man had killed himself while labouring under tem- porary insanity. " Notwithstanding the prosperous state of the country, there is still a considerable deal of the "going up King-street" business transacted. The insolvency calendar of the last five weeks is significantly heavy ; though it is but fair to confess that the new bank [ rupts are principally small capitalists, and poor men, who plead that want of work is the cause of their seeking the protection of the law. Still it is strange that in a colony where employers are continually crying out for labour, there should be strong men play- ing with their fingers for want of something better to do. We have little more to add to our present budget of news. On the 30th ultimo the Premier and some other gentlemen paid an official visit to the great engineering estab- lishment at Waterview Bay, where they in- spected the colossal iron superstructure which has been completed for the Urara Bridge. It is said to be the heaviest piece of work of the kind ever performed in the colonies. The Urara is one of the main tributaries of that line river, the Clarence. In mentioning that the gold fever at Orange is on the increase, in consequence of the rich finds there ; that the English intel- ligence by the Nubia is, on the whole, con- sidered satisfactory ; that public opinion here is very strong against the Tichborne claimant ; that the fine English ship, Mary and Edith, has been totally wrecked near New Caledonia ; that machinery has arrived at Inverell for the working of the tin mines ; and that the fatal accidents of the month have been very numerous, we think that we have exhausted all we had. to say. 