London Small Talk. "FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] london, May 17. To tlioso who uro curious in such matters, thc aih tising columns of tho daily papers present a fund amusement. The "sensation columu" is quite inex cable and Sphinx like ; for example, what can I mean: - Ko other duets now than " Can't help it," " So complete not favourite solo " Break, break," "Must ever cling to li and others." Wrinkled with bad treatment. Bo borry Jilin. Oh, ilo be good-COMK ! I suppose somebody understands this, and that th is a systotn of telegraphy in it requiring a key. '. next is quito intelligible and matter of fact, and i closes a new feature among domestic servants : COOK (thorough good, plain), age 2U; wages, ,618 liberty May 5. Hitualistic and early communion ; stat« particulars. Tho epigrammatic stylo of this advertisement chnrming ; the whole thing has a business air about The age is declared, and the wages peremptorily fixe aud to give all a chance in the opportunity of obtaini thc services of so concise a cook, thc dato is li: upon which you may have this jewel in your leitch The ritualism is quite a new idea. No Low Chm cookery and delicate fast dishes on saints' days. 'I early morning çommuuion might to bo a little awkw.i in some families ; but they must bo content to acct with tho advantages of good plain cookery, a spice quaint theology ; but as cook requires all particuk to bo stated, such small difficulties would bc eas: settled. KOSH MACHIXI:.-This is a combination which, applied the nose for au hour dally, so directs the soft cartilage; which the member consists, that an ill- formed nose is quicli shaped to perfection. Price, 10s Od, sent free. I refrain from giving tho addross, because it is on fair that a commission should lind its way into n pocket. Australians with ill-formed noses can train i a nose in tho way it should go, by devoting au ho; every day to tho nose machino. Neglectod noses ci now bo shaped after tho latest fashion, as a turn-u pug, or Roman ; warranted for tho small charge of hu a guinea. From noses to theology is a curious leap : but v havo authority and example from tho Rev. Lawroiv Sterno, whoso ucver-to-bo-forgotteu chapter on nosi was associated with abstruse doctrinal points. Brother Ignatius has been sold np again. The M uastcry Chapel has been offered for salo, and bid for i would-be buyers of an extrome character. One biddi wanted thc placo for a coal store, and auothcr bid for iu tho interest of the Secularists. Tho practical go' before all in theso times ; nothing is sacred now ; tl Ritualistic gentry would not come forward to ansi Brother " lg," and the monastery is in danger of fal itig into tho hands of the modern-thought people. M Spurgeou is very severe on these latter. Modei thought, the reverend gentleman says, is Satan's prii cipal instrument for undermining truth ; and if he hu said anything hard againstit, it was intensely soft at gentío to what ho would say, if ho only leno how to ' say it. Ho professes to feel flattered t the contempt of tho modern thinkers, an gratified by their animosity. With moro courtes but quito as [obstinately, the Rev. Archdeacc "Denison is determined to stem the current of moder thought, nlthough it finds advocates among many of tl most distinguished dignitaries of tho church to whic thc Archdeacon belongs. Tho question of the Athanasia Creed is quito _ settled by tho Archdeacon on his ow account, by his informing Convocation. "As regarde the getting rid of tho creed altogether, nothing that wt dono in. that house, or out of it, would prevent hil reading it in his church without a siugle alteration i tvord or form. Ho should do this, and leave it to tl people to turn him out of his benefice if they could. Tue Archdeacon -will not bo interfered with; he is man of strong will, aud is ably backed by Mn Archdeacon. At a visitation lunch, referring lo Goverr mont school inspection, he said, " Ono of her Majesty' inspectors proposed to come to my school twenty-fir years ago. I said to tho inspector, ' I love you vcr; ?much. You aro a very nico mau ; but as sure as pos sible, if you over como hore, I'll tell the boys t pat you in the pond.' The next school inspector wh went to the school, asked whether tho childrci sang, and Mrs. Donison, who came up at tho time, toji tho children to sing ' Goosey, goosoy, gander,' an tho inspector novor came back. Of course firmness is : very fine thing, and example is worth something ; bu . Mr. Archdeacon forgets that other people are also firm nnd with Dean Stanley and the Archbishop of Canter bury on tho other side, tho modern-thought folks ma; take courage. As tho Dean quietly put the case, whei the cry of no surrender is raised, chango is imminent but tho conservative clement objects to change. Speaking of Conservatism brings to mind a difficult; I rcccnt'y felt in arriving at a defiuitionof conservatism and quito by accident here it is strictly and most accu rately defined by Captain Hope Johnstone, of Annan dale, whols wooing the electors of Dumfries-shiro ii thc conservative interest. Ho says, " My views ari exactly thoso of my grandfather." Well, then, foi tho future, let Captain Hope Johnstono be tho expositoi of tho conservativo creed, and lot it be qui ti understood that the effort of modern society should bc io copy exactly the views of our grandfathers, witl: possibly coma consideration for thc opinions of oui grandmothers. I wonder what our grandfathers would have said to ii tradesman who wado a fortune out of steel pens, and had a taste for tho fine arts. Mr. Gillott's pictures have realized 135,000 guineas, and his fiddles .£4200. One very special Str.aduarius produced 290 notes-hard con vertible metallic notes each of thc value of 20s. The late Mr. Gillott amassed a fine fortune by his N's and magnum, bonums generally ; now the collection will bc scattered for and wide, and the heirs, executors, and administrators will assist to circulate the money-no very difficult task generally, and that bring3 mc to another subject. Mr. Robert Cook, of Sydney, New South Wales, has written to tho Standard repining sadly about his diffi culties iu getting rid of your Australian sovereigns ; but lot Mr. Cook serve up his own dish as follows : Slr-T was told lo-dny at tho Bank of England that the Australian sovereign was so soft that it might be bent. Slr, I was an humble instrument In tho discoverv of gold in Australia, and as consequently that discovery led to the mint now ht existence in Sydney, I regret that'the Austra lian sovereign is slighted by the Bank ot England. The bank showed me tho new sovereign from tho British Mint, but it doei not appear to me to bo one whit better than that coined at Sydney. I have seen tho sovereigns coined nt that Mint, and although the alloy is, perhaps, more yellow than the British coln, I nm astonished nt the prejudice that exists against tho Sydney sovereign. That such a prejudice exists ia london against our Sydney tiovet-ign I bear witness.-I Am, sir, your obedient servant, lion. COOK, of Sydney, Kew South Wales. 1 regret that tho humble instrument who assisted in dis ijffiftriug Australian gold, has got iuto a controversy with tho old lady of Threndncedlc-strect, and that your sovereigns are so soft : but to re-assure your readers, I also desire to boar witness that. I have not yet dis covered any prejudice in London'or elsewhere against Sydney sovereigns ; but as my stock of such undesirable coiu is runuiug low, I may not bc able to test thc diifi eulty fully, and invite colonists to send mc any qunntity lo sot tho question at rest. So far, my slender purse of soft-uns Las got very light, notwithstanding the pr dice Mr. Cook publicly calls attention to. Australian money suggests Australian moat, here again I find that 1 have much to learn. I li had the pleasure of reading in au Eng paper, that at Sydney alone ono estahlishn ships, 150 tons of beef every week to England h ; t tho meat is cut from primo joints only, nnd that English people are so stupid as to eat meat at 19d, w they cnn get good Australian at 7d. Well, as with sovereigns, so with the meat. I can got rid of my A tralian sovereigns at a rapidly inconvenient rate, i pay for primo legs of mutton 10id per lb, beef afc same price, aud rump-stenks 15d por lb. Why i people exaggerate as they do. Meat is dear enougt all conscience, and Australian meat is much better tl no moat. One firm is repacking tho largo tins into tins at 8d each, and every effort is hoing made to bri tho meat into notice, in fact it is being puffed ov much. Tho very poor people have neither the applian nor tho condiments""ncccssary to render tho meat pal able, and they do not like the look of it. Tho Kn and Pork Club, under tho management of Captain Carlton Arymnr, is to give a great dinner shortly on A traliau mutton, at ls per head. The captain presi« in tho kitchou, and sends up choice morsels disgui: with flavourings to bo washed down by wines of delic vintage, (not included in the shilling.) Wo shall told about the ignorance and prcjudico of the p< people against Australian meat, and tho invii magnates will go homo to dine as guardians do af having tasted workhouso soup and pronounced it exe lout. The captain is going to perpetrate anotli dinner after the Australian feed has gone off. T next is to bc on Paris Siege fare, a feast hippopophagoi at four penco per hoad ; Tic is letting them down by cn stages, and having descended from Australian mutti to the Frenchman's horse, it is not difficult to foret thc fate of thc groat Knife aud Fork Club. The Tichbonrno business has ceased to be attractñ and people generally are getting tired of tho affair. T claimant has been made to appear in the light of martyr, and the action of the Attorney-General h evoked sympathy for the Wagga-Waggian, who has sn cccdod in obtaining bail, and has written a letter to t newspapers indicating a vastly improved education status. His lotter is a trifle in thc direction of cia trap, and thanks to tho generous British public for L20 subscribed to enable him to defeat one of the grosse conspiracies ever concocted. However, Sir Rjger, Castro, or Orton, as it may be, was delivered fro duress in duo course, and left Newgate amidst tl cheers and hisses of such an indiscriminate crowd London streets can always furnish on tho shorte notice, without reforeuce to merits or demerits. Whatever value may bc attached to thc opinion of street crowd, thc value of property iu a crowded stre is something worth notice. A very uuprcteudii tavern situated in Finch-lane, Cornhill, known as tl Cock and Woolpack, having a frontage of 18 feet wi a depth of 55 feet, sold with the goodwill of the bus ness for tho cnormons sum of L20,S00. Alioth memorable London properly at the come and forming part of Stamford-street, Blae friars, will now ceaso to bc au cyc-soi Mrs. Heed, an eccentric old lady, thc owner of the pr perty, has died and left ¿6100,000 to the hospital fi consumption at Brompton. The only sufferers will 1 the bill stickers and tho ghosts, and perhaps the smr boys of tho neighbourhood, who will bo deprived of tl enjoyment of throwing stones at thc supposed ghost! tenants. Tho uses to which newspapers are and may be pi aro various ; but I was not prepared for the very lates The utilitarian character of the suggestion commends strongly to public notice, and if it is ndopted no ma need want for clean sheets. On a cold night, if two < three newspapers bc spread upou the bed beneath tl outside covering tho occupant of tho bcd will perceive marked increase of warmth without uuy perceptible ii creuso in thc weight of bedding- So, also, if a sprea newspaper be placed over the chest before thc overcon be buttoned up it will be found a groat protectio against penetrating wind and cold. Strikes are now the order of the day. Wo have agr cultural labourers' strikes, carters' strikes, builder! strikes ; the sailors employed in steamboats carryin foreign mails threaten to strike ; the organ buildei havo struck ; tho men employed on the river steamer aro striking ; and now, worse than all, strikes are t come to our hearths and homes. The servant girls c Bonnie Dundee have sounded thc war note with a shrii blast, and proclaim thc grievances of their order througl thc columns of newspapers. They havo risen to th dignity of being reported. Tho damsels want ever; second Sabbath to themselves, and a half-holida; weekly, or a whole ono fortnightly, They think Sun day cooking disgusting, but if the mistresses will con sent to eat cold meat on Sundays, they will not object ti Gook potatoes. A riso of wages is indispensable, ant the hours nro to bo from seven to seven. If caps ari insisted upon they aro to bc provided bj tho employers, or allowed for iu tho wages and _ no objection is to bo allowed as to thc wearing of jewellery. The chairwoman put the resolu tions to the meeting, aud a Servants' Protection Associa tion is the result. What is to follow it is impossible tc predict ! Theso girls arc in receipt of waces varying from L10 to L30 por annum, they are fed, lodged, and, as a rule, live as well as those who employ thom. Thcj aro better paid than agricultural labourers who have families to support, and compared with men are in a fui better position. The infection has reached London, nnd superb John Thomas of the calves, enters his protest Theibutlers and'tho gentlemen's gentlemen cry ont about overwork and uuder-pay. Thc " wictims iu brimstone" (described by Mr. Weller) will stand it no longer, and wo must eat tho cold meat ourselves. In tho fnce of all this stands thc fact that in tho Metropolitnn district above 34,01-5 persons were in work-houses, nnd 79,245 were receiving out-door relief. 113,290 people supported hy_ ratepayers weekly. Public opinion is very dis criminating, and the domestic servants will come in foi a large share of ridiculo and a very small share of sympathy. Mr. Jacob Bright has tested thc House of Commons on tho " woman's right question," by thc introduction of a bill to confer voting privileges on rate- payiug'women, and the debate on tho second reading was not remarkable for brilliancy. The Attorney-General spoke iu favour of the hill. Mr. Bouverie mudo a light chaffing speech, pointing out thc danger of allowing thc thin end of the wedge to be tolerated, with the possibility of thc whole sisterhood . claiming equal rights. If the ratcpaying women aro to assist in legislating, and the married women (not being ratepayers), are to be excluded, what becomes of the equal rights feature, and the folly of sticking too closely to abstract theories, is demonstrated. Ono feature of the debate was comicnl and characteristic. Several ladies had secured places in tho gallery, after the fashion of ladies of (thc olden time, to give encouragement to their favourite kuight, who was to mount his hobby horse ; and although Mr. Bright had smile* fco reward him. no cheers wore heard, but a very impartial, aud pot unfriendly looker on tells us in print, that the remarks of ono speaker who was so ungallant as to oppose the second reading, were received with at least a faint but not to be mis. taken hiss. The ladies aro not going to settle down quietly after their defeat, which they will have it, is a victory, aud wo are to bo deluged with pamphlets and punished with lectures. Has this'mania reached you yet, if it hus, and should it prevail, the balance of power will bo uncomfortably disturbed. Tlie folks who appear to think that a majority ought to prevail over a minority to thc extent of interfering with their beer, have received a terrible baclc-hander from the Bishop of Peterborough, a very outspoken Bishop, and one who makes a hard fight for those who oppose him. His Lordship has chosen to express his opinions in tho House of Peers, and his speech was logical, earnest, and quite to the purpose. Tho Bishops are taking a very common-sense view of matters relating to the social and spiritual condition of the people. The more these prelates idoutify themselves with progress, tho more likely are thoy to assist in increasing the love of Englishmen and women for tho Church we all regard as bound up with the greatness of our country. There are thousands of topics cropping out, all form in g part and parcel of the talk of the day, but my time will not allow me to venture upon taxing your patience. Noblemen arc taking to driving four horse coaches by way of amusement, and do not disdain to tako fares, They are getting back to tho Conservative condition of the gentleman I have referred to, whose opinions are exactly those of his grandfather. Here is the story of the undertaker who committed suicide because his busi ness was dull. Again the story of a starved man who destroyed himself and four of his children; and here is the good story of tho generous sympathy of the public for thc por widow, for whose help over ¿6700 has been subscribed. Thc death of Lord Audley, who was con nected with Sydney by marviage ties, and also as a colonial official; and to go from one extreme to the other, I notice that Mr. Purves, of the Sydney Univer sity as been called to tho bar. Convocation will be down [ on Voysey; and the American Episcopal Church has prc I sented the Archbishop of Canterbury with a gold bason. 