OUR LONDON LETTERS LITEIIATUIRE FOR TIlE MONTIIH. (Continued.) Not the least valuable of theose essays is onle oil "The Colonial Question," front the pon of professor Thorold Rogers, who, while arguing ganst what what hoe regards as an extreo view of colonial rights and imperial responsibilities, does not wish to seu the connection of England with her colonies dissolved, but advocates a roal alliance between the various communities of the Anglo-Saxon race, including the United States. l'Professor Clire Lesli contributes a Iowerful paper on " Financial tReform ;" Mr J. '. Smith, a Iemibor of the Oerman Parliament, advocates a reform of tho English coinageo sy tom; Dir J. acostiek addresses himself to the question of trades' unions; and thoe Hion. D. Wells expatiates on "the Recent Financial, Industrial, and Conmorcial Experiences of the United States." We used only add that those who wish [to understand or to promote the economic doctrines promulgated by Richard Cobden cannot do better than study the volume. "Astronomy and Goology Compared," by Lord Ornathwaito (Murray). The main inten tion of the book is a refutation of Darwin and his disciples, the title failing to express the broad scopo of the book. The first essay on astronomy and geology is devoted to demon strating the necessary reference to a "First Cause." In the second essay his lordship deals in a lnminous and conclusive manner with the chief points in the theory of DMr Darwin, makinmg some very apt sand conclusive remarks on tihe dfcotivo manner in which Mr Darwin has verified dis doctrines of natural solection of oexualselec tion. Nothingcouldsurpassthiodirectincisiveues or the composed dignity in which portions of this essay are written ho says "Mr Darwin's whole arguments scent to be confined to showing that difluernt species resemble each other very nearly, amd are separated only by apparently slight lines of demarcation, and then heassulnes that these lines are in the course of ages over stlepped and now species thus fashioned, but the never does show tcat these slight lines are over stepped." In the last essay-" Progress and Civilization "-Lord Ormathwaito touches upon a most interesting and suggestive subject-the tendency of our advancing civilization to produce a necessity for more and more of merely manual labour in which intelligence is not requisite. On this matter hle has written thoughtfully and with unclh point, though without dogunatism. Indeed this is one of the noticeable characteris tics of this work. "Songs of Two Worlds, by a New Writer." (H. S. King & Co.) No extracts could do jus tice to the exquisite tones, the felicitous phrasing, and the delicately wrought harmonies of some of these poenms; they are the effusions of a true thlough perhlaps not very powerfully strong, poetic spirit which has disciplined itself to faith fuloxpression. The writer is least successful where hio is most ambitious, but several of the shorter lyrical pieces are almost perfoet. There is the ease, the grace, and the symplicity of ap proved workin manyof them. A unew writer, in the strict sense, the author cannot be ; his pon is exorcised in the craft of experience. The .Fortiighlly Reriew for April is chiefly re markable for a very powerful article, Mr A. C. Lyall on "Our Religious Policy in India." Our policy, described as not neutrality but nihilism, is condemned, and Ir Lyall concludes as fol lows:-" We are disrogarding perilously the lesson of statecraft which might be learnt from observing the organisation of all great Asiatic Governments, and from the examlple of every wise ruler over divers tribes or nationalities, namely, that in certain conditions of society the immediate authority and close supervision of a monarchl over thl powerful religious interests with which he luas to reckon at every step, is a matter not only of political expediency, but of vital necessity to ellective control over them. And we are flinging away the one real polhtical advantage which accnles to us from our boasted attitude of perfect neutrality-that of enabling us to superintend and guarantoo the religious administration of all sects with entire impartiality, and with the con fidence of our subjects. I must not be supposed to regret the abolition of the old regimr, under which public officers were literally agents and managers for religious institutions: that system was rightly condemned. Dut to cast away all the historic ties between Church and State; to free Asiatic religions from every kind of direct subordination to the executive power, is, I think, an experiment never before tried in any country of the Old World." Franer's ?ajazcine opens with an article on the assassination of Lord Mayo, which is attributed to Wahabeeism. Mr Robert H. Elliott, who writes with great vigor, holds that on this point -"If the Government waits for legal evidences it may wait for ever ; and the question now is, whether awe should wait for more assassinations or act at once. There can be no doubt that we ought to choose the latter alternative. This Wahabeeism must be stamped out. These men, it must be remembered, do not appreciate our forbearance; they call it cowardice, and the more we exhibit of it the greater contempt they will naturally fool for us." There is a very thoughtfulpaporon "Dariocnism and Divinity," signod:L. S.; also an interesting account of thd Trappist Monks. Thi Gentleman's .Magazfite is a remarkably lively and good lifimber. Cor~ill Magcazine this month commences a now novel named " Old Kensington," of which we hlive the first five chapters. . The story is well bekun. The most ambitious article is, howdver, ' " L Ministro Malgrb lin," being an accoumt'of of M. de Ris, a member of thoe French Nationial Assemibly, who had no political proforiinces: It is hardly so full of fun as some of thd;buirlosquo political stories we have seenin the Cormiifll, but it is sufficiently amusing. The 'Conutemporary Revictw is always excellent reading, and the number this month is no exception to th'irule. We cian onlyrofer to an articleo ' "Is Eternal, Punishment an open Question in the Church of England I" by Angli canu.".' Speakihng of eternal punishment, our authorsaye-" Thoupholdorsof the dread dogma seem strongly to resemble Job's three friends, Eliphiaz, Bildad, and Zophar. They like to be on the strong ilde, and care not how hard they press ii frail mortality. They delight to array od's'groatness against man's weakness, in order to cruah the latter out of all hope and heart. There'is a show'of piety in boing, as they sup pose, n' God's side. But it is a more show of good. Let them learn the true nature of their proceedlia by, what is said in the last chapter of that sibltio ljook. Did the champions of thle Ahnighty, as the y'thought themselves, get much" crddit for their pains? Far from it. "The" State; thie Governmuxo; and Scientifie Morality," by Helury Holboeach, is concluded in this number. Darku.Blfi is a good nuinmbor, all the better for the abndoinmout of the old munsightly cover in favour'Of bib of much nesator desirn. The best article'in'the number is that by Isr H. D. Traill ontitlod"'Theo' Day after my Death.'" In the end it will" be i satird on English law, but in every subordinate'detail of the sketcli there is an infliity of fun. lBsewood 'has a. strong and bitter political article on the "Ministers, the Parliament, and the Coduntry." Happily this style of political attacklhas gone out of' date, except with a few men 'whose violence and misrepresentations only injure their own cause. Leaving the politics, Blac/wood gives us much lthat is attractive. Tremplh Bar is better than usual this month. It presents its readers with as many as thirteen articles, independently of Miss Broughton's serial story.' "'No Living Voice" is a thrilling ghost story.. Macmillan's Magaziine contains a shlort bio graphical notice 'of" Mazzini, by Mr David Masson., Professor Liebroeich's extremely inter-. esting lecture on Turner and Mulready is here printed in full' ."; Tiule'd lfauj"ihine has a powerful feature in Mr Farjeon's new story of " London's Heart." With thie exception, hdwever, of " Thi Prevail io IealaJd' and* "Modera Yoerieni of the Olassles," the remainder of the lrinnbor is liardll up the usual high average. , I it. P'at's is good, but wants relod Iaw thorno's " Septmlnls" is subtle; but unfnlishuel and unsatisfactory. Miss Inglolow's story Is more enjoyable. Celgm?via contains, anmongst other'artleolos, a good story, "flow I got Popper," whlich slhould be brought lnder the notice of some monber of the lloasu of Cumainomis, if such transactions as are there narrated are frequent. Ilowever, it may be simplr, an account of an innaginary oflicial hunmoeity htunorously treated. t'uot.--Solf-mRdo-A Fact.-Tini, struck with admiration : "'Theo'st gottenr a flno pair of now boots thero, Joo; who mnado 'eon " Joe: "Nobody made 'em, fool. I bought 'ens ready mado " " Plu nch,-Psychological Phenomanon.-A lady wrote of her lover who had become insane that ihe had gone out of his mind, but liadnovorgonoe out of teri. JTdy.-Fashionable Intolligonco-Golden hair has gone out; it is now worn plaited. SioTCil Pontiooc.L-For fourioperasons-Boil throee pints of waiter in a cloan, aaucepan, add a teaspoonful of salt ; mix vdoy gradully, white the water is boiling, one pound of fiA? oatmeal, stirri;g constantly, wilo you pautin the meal, willth a round stick about eighteent inches long, called a "spitlo." Continuo stirring for flftoon minutes ; then pour into soup-plates, allow it to cool a little, and serve with sweet milk. Scotch porridge is one of the most nutritive diets that, can be given,' especially foryoung poisons. It is somtlimes boiled with nilk instnad of water, but the mixture [Is then rather rich for delicate stomachse. PiCK.oNo ONIoNs.-Onions should be chosen about the aslo of marbles: tie silver skinned so,. are the beat. Prepare a brino, and puth 'them into it hot; lot them remain one or two days, .than drain them, and when quite dry, put them into clean dry jars, and cover them with hot pickleo in every qua., of whic.has boon stooeeped one ounce each of horseradish aliced, black popper, allspice, 'and salt, with or without nmustard sod. In all pickles the vinoegar should always be two inchrs or more above the vegetables, as it is sure to shrink, and if the vegetables are not thoroughly immersed ia pickro they will not koop. MORTALITY AMONG OHILDREN.-At the Mcoeing a shoit time since of the Hospital, for Sick Children, I.R.H. the Prince of Wales remarked upon tihe Medical Reports and Regis trar-General's return, showing an extremely. largo percentageo of deaths among children. Thoro is no doubt much illness would be alle viated if, in teething, Mrs. Johnson's American Soothing Syrup was used. It has stood the test of 10 years. None genuine without the name of " Barclay & Sons, Farrigdon. Street," is on the stamp. Sold by all chemists at 2s id a bottle. Agent. - Mr Spicer, Launceston. [Advt.] MARAVILLA 0OCOA.-Opinions of the Press.-" Those who have not yet tried' Mart villa will do well to do so."-Monli?og Post. "It may justly be called the perfection of pro pared Cocoa." - British Medical .Tountal. Maravilla Oocoa.-,-The Globe says, " Taylor Brothers' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success and suporcedes every other Cocoa in the marot. Entire solubility, a doll cate aromn, and a rare concentration of 'the purest elemonts of nutrition, distinguish the Miaravilla Cocoa above all other. For invalids and dyspeptics, we could not recommend a nuoro agroeeable or valuable beverage." Homcsopathic Cocoa.--Tis original proparn tion, which has attained such a world-wide re putmaion, is miannfactured by TAYLao Bionlancal unider the ablest hohmeoopatbie advice aided by the sl;ill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine in an eminent dogmo the purity, fine aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh nut. Solnble Ohocolate, made in one minuto without boiling. The above articles are prepared exclusively by -Taylor Brotheras, the lrost manufactulrors in Europe, and sold, in tin-hined packets only, by storokeeoprs and others all over the world. Steam Mills, Brick Lanemo, London. Export Chicory Mbills, Bruges, Belgium. (0 POULTRY ? o-OIETY,.-On'i Thursda evening a meet?.g of ,tlo Nortlern 'Tsmaniana ' Poultry eoiloty woo hold, at tho:Orit?orlon Hotel; for tl_ purposoo of Ltokini 'lut ? conlderation the hoat rtbbs to be tooIn i'inieor that thae North may to represented at 'the fortheomlng Poultry hIOmvI JI bal?rt Towoi,' After some discussion it w?s resolved that a comnmitteo b formnned, to coneist of Mnesrs. HE. Conlingsy, 1. Morris, and T i BProsruor, to- tlqko arrangeml u ts for con voyingoexhlbits front' thle Northn to tirhe next 8ho1 bf 'the Solthorn '~asnmanian l Poultry 8oiiety. Fi oo, i rLIEF Fo?I,.-Tho'membors of the I'ug (susi'.O"Caitholl Association,:gavo an eiertailfihet in thulargo. allof the,Moohimlics' lnstituqP,, on Thursday ovoening, the proceeds of whichni're to bu-hlandd over to tho Flood relief Conmntittoo ln Hobart. Town.' After a cluectioin ( (Moro ~et Patrio"): by St. Joseph's Handd tlhorourlan roso on !"The' .O'Callagnhla;" cliolaaeis l'_ibinigdliposiod of as folloiv :-ir Felix O'Callaghan, Mir J. Li Doolan;'Mr Rivers, lir R. B. Murray i Charles Rivers, Mr Jamenos Dooln; 'Dr.'Banks, ti T. BIourko '; John, Mr o. T. Curranl; Thomas, Mr"J. Kelly; Mrs fontglue,O MIr: W.' Green; Julia, Mr T. O. Stil. livna; Batty anh'Mrs"Banik ,' Mr W. Loaroyd. Pfr Felix'O' Callaghliln,l who was the"contre of. attraction in the peco .was ably, represonited, the dire exlreainm eilioh liho was very' often laced cialling forth licals of lhearty laughtor istead of Wlympathotiostoaras.- . Part , of the entertinmnot consiated of ia musical interludeo, which was openod by'Ithe " Kathloon''Mavour cotl Walte,'! performed by the St. Joseph's Iluad. Thetrie , "Ol, Stralngor Land," by Miss Doolan and MossrsT. J, Doolan and Ropor, was wellroccived. This was followed by "Over the dcep blue son,"by MI Roper; " Write mo a letter from home," by Mis Murray ; duct, "Larboard Vatch," Meossrs. Ropler:and Galvin, and "The Lover and tho:elBil,", by Miss 'Doolan-Miss' Connell playing the accoimpaniments for "each iece. At the coonlpsion of .the interlude Mr Abraham Barrott appeared before the ourtainand aid hoe had boon reoqiuisted by the" membors of tlhe Assoelitlon to' return thanks 'for"theo large amount of !patrdnagb that ovening,'but he must turn round (and he believed he expressed the fcolings of the audience) and thank the Associa tion for the pleasant evening's amusement they had given, and also for the gallant way theoy had come,,forward ito.,assist the Hobart Town sffurere. (Great,applause.) The comic drama The 'et .of !Honor'. was then presented. The cast was the same as when it was played in St.{ Joseph's Hall, with' the exception that Mr O. T. Curran lustained the character of Capt. Craven Cer. The' piece"went-off very well,' and at the finish iMr J: L. Doolananndounced that an on tertaiinment would be giveoi by Mr Barrett's ipupils in. aid, of' 'the 'lood' fiund, on Friday, evening,, 28th inriteit," yliei'it 'was to beo hoped there would.'o 'co geod.' aliouse aB thier was that evening. '?' ' : " ,, OvETiuMii GoonDs-A, saleo of overtime goods was to be hold, at: the Custom House yesterday, but the only goods tobe soldewero, one chest of ten and one basket,. - " -' :: .. AIusIVE TERtMS.-A:gontloman, residing in a fashionable purlieus of Marylobonoe, lihaes boon .cuntonced to "six' imobntha' imprisonleiont for "abusing his wifoe"'.'io. 'aya tho' nowewspaper report. The l?'uishniiont' for' msiore 'auise" slcuos excessive I but-i;- appears tlatl he 'first ex iotsulated with o lanmp, thori eliusod his argulllent with a" jug, lJnd finallI; ididulged in strong language with j pok6r. We think under these extenuating'ircnnsti?tnces,' the sentenco is almost lenient though not lenient "to virtuie'a!' side I A man may use hard.words to his wife, but a poker is too hard a nbun for such an appli. cntion. ' - Mui ALsakernai'sCo?ERT,-Tlio'admirors of really lineo music have a treat in store for them at the grand concert to be given by' Mr Albert Alexander, assistei' by lady dy and gentlemen afiateours, on Tuoadiay voning next, when Mr Alexander,will pgrforum P'aulent's difllclt and brilliant faInttsia on Lucica cdio, rnterywuor, re cently played with 'soi miooli sc'cess at one of Madelino Scliller's concerts in Melbourne. WeV believe it has never before been publicly played ini'Launcestoin. ' ' ' ' Tlie CoLLiATEC 'INsTiTiTL.--Tihe, holidays at this educatioial oat bliseluonfit comnionced on Thursday, when tlherpricipal, Mr Abraham Barrett, mliitouliced,tlut tho midwinter vication would lat until the Oth of July. Although upon:i the present occasion there was no regular examination: or distribution .. of prizes,; thle: school. hasrecently beep visited by a number of gentlemen inltorested in the cause of education, who havo. expressed: tthemselves. much'pleased. with the systomipurseod, iand gratified at the progress madqg] y the puplis., Mr }Barrett etated that the annualli diatribuitionof I prizes would take place p'ior to tho midsummer.vaca-,. tion. " " AaOTrUcaL RuReELIr IFUND !ENTErTAIRNMRT. It is announced that on' Friday' evening, -the 98th instant,' the pupils attonding'Mr'Barrott's Collegiate Institute'will give an entertainment in the Mechanics' Institute in aid of the Hobart Trmo Flood aReliefFtiiid.' " ' " --. "??. , .... MisoNio;--Oil' 'Tuesdiy 'oevnii' niext, St; Jolhn's Evo, the mnbors of t Lnbra f go of Hopeo Nd.' 618 E.O.;?'ill ' hoot at their rooms, hui mtk 0 a- ,7 p keirhltdrtanbo will bo'ttanetdd.? t Lunsu NATUnic.-ThO other day, on the farnm of Mr \Vit/J dribAhrsW'dastirvod, ;iii. dditidn'was made to the stabk in the shape- of" a' twb-h]eadbd ialf. Whe fetlu eid It es lying dead beside the mnother1 'buti evidently.;,hud lived, 'oino short tine after birth. Both,heads were perfect in evecy partlhular; andlso ovenlyaoseton the.nelcd as to render it impossiblo to :ay wlhich was the legdtimate Adjifibt (bf'tlti'bdbody ai'd t;vhith tihe interlopor. Anothotr,p?e?liar?ty in thoe nuimal eas, that trhe b~Di wjs? quite roumptl- barrel. daupeod,-and-I thati tife'ei6t 'onei ide were devoid of hoofs. ,;T 1.:I"ii fin uuo'A 'OiuunttOilur co'reepoaleomt writing on'O19tl itiBt. s syv's ITlulo t ' t' digg uig jalmost over'in'this' di r amid th,'~ro tuning out, ntlmshodi lmt}' of' tlio e'v ita?tis niaide, be d'ae spiyre'? qgFin t`nlooking? all thlat could' Taa I/YaroOANr MrTNIRaRIAL ELEOTlONs. -The latest pieco!of'olootion onews' is that: Mr Finn,'of Ballat, 'formerly a' mepbleor. of tl)o Assenbly,"'ise b rhiigi forward"ii:nbroleor to pro vent the oAtton- topoeerll having; a walk-over at St. KiId ? '?Vbt Molbdurno, Mr Lang lands hs'nfidnipd ho'b'ainvius 1 uEat Eas - boe Miiinl liclionidnd:niuitaprs ramuishi about tlie e"a b as bordi,., ';ifd'oRaig stin hi' slli yet been declared to Mr'Korfodat thle Ovem, and nolne of the. candidat'a mnentionodiusna likely to, come forward forManiditurang'nd Sandhtirst ]laveyb done eo... Coneornirng:Maryborough, i'i?o' learnl that Mr Oillids's' kvotur iab eoniidened certain, tliu r'lhIMr oBwmnnl ;vill ;recdive;o 'cnsidorablu eppo't:li' udni" ujiurirtr '.Anotliur canodidate. ais hi' forsa'ru fdtl a dri rctv.n', f " use .07 lc y evening last, a~Fr broke mit" k tt r lo k'rs eshop of th? ?tupoidgq ,s;8d 4l ,.whliilchom pltoely con sumed,.uho icontonta, leaviingonly thq baroewails. stoiadillg;ii Greatfearas wore ontertainod for: th&i; tailors' ohop, a.'slimiliar building, iabllit 25fPt from tle one ldostroyod, but the oeoitions used by thle warders andinhiabitainti, ' whio iounted the iron .??bt ibndi"portreid water' on the' t wobd-' orSukakd!it. ,'IHd 'it Ciaight:firre the niatter would lluigvoen!still more serious, la' it swould lavni nilceesitated tho removal of :somo of the priaosqae'?dhfined irinths celis in "B division," ao?itinuf Whbm wore oevidently inclded' to avail thieulilvedi'f :siin'"ioitoivard omergoncy arising, athliy b legan'aliigi:oit; but overy procaution w ao rveen ,'45 lirevent anythlnig oft. thle sort ho y ing: extra guards inside o nit g. othing doefinite. was known as to tieorgin oLtho.tiro.;_but a grave sauspiOlon was prgvaeontamongst the oficials that anotori Oui~prsao'aer, who a short time ago sot fire to thie Sinspetor.genera0l's quarters, and who has thly le. allowed to go into tlhe slhoemakers' opto work,, calmsed it as it broke out blose to th.ost ocoupied by li, at the north end of tha~ilhdiig,.tleefi lo being situated in the uoitrs, ,.. . . Qi uaN' AvtoLt.-On Wednesday we ob? servo from a 8outhorn paper, the d?ardlans mnut. A conversation took lace with referonce to the powers of thie 0ror, tli necessolty for frhosli 'leisbitio' with a vilow to dblntltholir powers ; the inldiubul who oexprossed their opinions doomed the position they occupiedlu very' unastisfactory ; and the cluhtrman pronised to draw out t statemnont of nocessary anien'd nients.'. Beveral napplications for apprOntlcos worn cnsidored, amlongst' othora one.b from Mr Eddie, of Goorgo Town, for a girl, preforrlug a Protestant but not objecting to in Roman Catholio. Objection was taken by the Rov. air Ifennobry to sending a Roman Catholic child to a place where shio could not be visited by a clergyman of her owni faith, and the applicition was deferred,: ponding communication with the Very Rev. Dian Butlor,' of Launcoston. ' ' ScnArOii 'Tr'o T'inTivr.t.in2- rltign 'about fchaefer; thi Oermnan traveller, the Bcndmii'Ald; vertiser says':-L'Adverogty, misfortuneo;anil 'dir oumstances the otourrenco of which lto had ndver anticipated, utterly exploded Schaefor's brilliant project, of travelling all over, thu face of the, civilized iworldi btoat for thu tiniti boilng. The little' min'lis ojoin pulld up in his pilgrimage, and'hias' biein comahpelled by shoi inecessity to adopt' tlie ordinary vocation's of life todwin'the broadnthati periahoth,?? Froin aesociitiig with the. illustrious, personages of .;the ::world, ,and being extolled'aq one of. the wonders ofrthl a poor Schaefer has boon roducod.,tothe oncongsity of' gdtttiiig"hli living'by'eolling' se6nd-hiaid' joweoliy'in.tli'o itry and suibuirh otSocdinaidt ...' xTRAOinAR Ca is just oc atrrd Bailliiirt that 'show' how very littld' the police darero'for any mait's liborty,'whbther he' boe iioid' cent or guilty, once they got upon 'a iorit:,! 'A' young fellow, WilliamWatson,t.was cbmditted for trial; tried,'nnd iconvicted:of' having pnased a counterfeit B.alf-sovereigi, andt was remanded for sentonce.: . Ono of the police concoiwed the idea, after the man was convicted,, of gotting the coin tested, when, to his altonilshnion, all the jeweloers and gold-buyers who 'tried it pro nounced it a genuine coin ;.butnobody thought of doing'this before the man was subjected to' the degredation of a trial and'eonvietion.-- Tho Court ordered it to be further tested and reported upon. ' DIVERSITY o OiF o .-ThOe propensity to comn pare is frequently indulged in foolish and in iirionus ways. ,It out us to thelio heart wlhen we ldar 'oxcollint mirnlistars decried, because they are not like certain others. You cannot logically institiute compiirisons whereo they do not hold. Rugged Cophas has his place and order, and he 'is neitheor better nor worse, ighriii nor lower in value, than polished Apollos. No one in quires which is.; the more nsoful-a needle or a pin, a spade or a ho, a wagoneor a plough;. they are designed for different'ondsid iid answer them well ; buttlhey could not excliango places without serious detriment to' their usefulness.' It is true thlatA. excels in argunmontative power; lot him argue then, for heoas adeinndo on purpose to convince , man's roeasons; but, because B.'s 'style is more expository, do not despise lhiit, for hoe was seint' not to reason, but to teachl... If all th n members of the mystical body.hadtthl samnio .oflceo and' gift, what a wi- etcelld malfortaition it would bo; it would' hardly bo'o 'good as that, for it would not be a formation at all. If all oars, moutlhs, lnnds; and:feoot wore turned into eyes, who, Would hear, oat, grap, or moiee I A church with a Lutlher in every pulpit would be" all fist ; and with a Calvin to fill every pastorate, she would bo all skull. :lopasod bo od for one Robert Hall, but lot the' mnian b' wliipod vwho tries in his owvn person to anao a.uocbhnd Rowland Hill is' adinirablb for once, but' it is quite as well that the mould was broken.-M=r Spulrueonr. C: OIPu AND WIIOaESOace Fooj;-Tlie wholo of thIe inmates of the Cornwall iiounty'~iol are now fed exclusivoly, so far as aninmal food is concerned,, upon Australianapreservod' meoat chiefly.boef. No English ucof or muitton hlas boon receivod into the establishment for threeoo months past, and the testimony of the gaol surgeon and governor:in unhositatingly fIivour able its to its 'nutritive and wholesome, prol.er ties, as well as to the economy of its use. Moro over, the prisoners are said to prefer it to the English beef. Thio cost perho had for niainton ancd'of the prisoners in this county gaol is' only Is 11d per weok.--The Times, April 10. 