EST THE) OB0W3> DAY. Br 3?£XEB Tossjtm. If I had accepted the seat kindly--offered me on Ludgate HiU to see the show, I should :: Jiwe been obliged to give " if you're waking, calline earJr, -caH me early/' orders overnight, and to have started in the morning . atiil munching .mv breakfast, or the chances -would, have been th»t I eh-mld not get to no Odiprofanum vol- .;I have elected to drift'with the throng, and, therefore, iim able to get up at my usual time; an«T eat my. morning meal in . peace. . • When ! getouts'de my door a north-east . breeze impertinently nips my noce, and a '. mist, partly slate coloured, parhlj like brown holland in a state of vapour, hangs over Bighgate Cemetery, and the green meadows, green- dotted black trees, and brown brickfields around—the cemetery gravestones shimmer ghost-like, and a grey mist is curling' over the edges of the green- banked Maiden-lane reservoir. A red sun, however, is forcing its ravs through the clouds, promising, after all, " Queen's weather:" The route I first take is strangely quiet On any othermorning, excepting Sunday, I %hould have met city men hurrying to traip, and 'bus, and tramear; but they and their belongings were off long agn to secure their seats along the line of procession, hospitably given, or hired at prices which ran up to three guineas each—off in all lrnds of vehicles. The livery stables of the neighbourhood have hired traps wholesale to supplement their own plant, and yet (heir keepers have to mourn over scores of orders they have been unable to execute. Later in the day people swarm out from London, ffighgate, and Hampstead wards, almost as if it were Good Friday or EnBter Monday; but in the J unction Road I see three people only, and only one of these is centrifugal. He is a ciieerful-lookin<r fellow apparently fond of solitary jollity. Now be smokes, and anon he takes the pipe out of his mouth that he may sing. Smoking and singing alternately, he turns up by the deserted Boston Arms, bound, perhaps,- for Barnet. A funny little white flag, which looks like a very small chorister's rumpled surplice, has twisted itself round the flagstaff protruding from one of the turrets of St. John the Baptist's church. This is the first display . I see of loyal bunting; The red brick Kentish Town station of the Midland Railway is besieged; the tramear outside is crammed. Higher up, in front of the Bull and Gate, there iB a row of yellow 'buses, full or filling As they come back from Oxford-street empty, passengers bound for Oxford-street board them, and do the first part of their journey by riding awav from their destination. In the one I enter I find a yaung man in charge of four young ladieB. He fidgets over them as a hen fusses after ducklings about to take the water. One of them he compels to stow away in her stays all ber jewellery, when the previously smart maiden poutB at being metamorphosed into comparative Puritan, and glances reproachfully at the brooches, &c.;, which her companions are still permitted to wear. " Ah, but they haven't got to cross the crowd and you have" answers her anxious escort. " If you'd worn those things outside, you'd have beon bound to lose them." At the bottom of the Tottenham Court Road we get out: uo 'bus may cross Oxfordstreet to-day. In roadway and on footpath crowds are jlowly moving in three or four opposite, and sometimes crossing streams, staring at the gay bunting that droops above their beads, at the parti-coloured festoons, the decorated masts, and freshpainted lamp-poBts, as if they were, not in one of the most familiar thoroughfares of London, but had suddenly been transported to Fairy Land. Policemen and soldiers keep the road on both sides; in the roadway mounted polic? are keeping open a passage for the long single line of carriages which is creeping on towards the Cathedral. The only other vehicles in the roadway are tumbrils, out of which men are still scattering ema'l gravel. Of coursa, there is no time to stop, and- they pretend to be fipairging it about impartially, but I cannot help fancving that they take aim at the calres and other prominent portions of persons to whom, for some inscrutable reason, they feel ; antipathetic. Shuttered Regent-street, with j only a few people dribbling through it, looks j very odd. A string of banners, however, dangles over it, and a tiny crowd is clustered I on the opposite pavement, grinningly watch. | ing the antics of a bladder little elephant, which with strange vagaries fails as be would dance, at the end of a pole stuck out of a top window in the Stereoscopic Company's establishment. I People are streaming down St. James'sstreet, Pall Mall is crammed, gaily dressed | ladies rise in banks at the open club winl dows like tier above tier of flowers. The | battlements of St. James's Palace are occupied, faces peer our of its dusky casements. ' A maiden in white looks outside a window on the" top floor of one of the club- houses; foolhardy leliows stand on the edge of the parapet of two of the loftiest of them. I take up my stand by the lamp-post, at the corner of St. James's-street and Pall Mall. A little clergyman, in charge of a pupil in a college cap, endeavours to put his protege" on the best side of the lamp-post for seeing, but a man from the crowd takeis possession of it on the cool plea that he had secured it an hour ago. "Oh well," says the Stfve innocent the little boy a clergyman, leg up," says " of the course man. "He ou ought can fctand to have this it, t'other if you side, took and it first." havea# good a view as if'he'd given £5 for a place." " But now I come to' thiuk of it," adds the little clergyman, " will he- incur any legal responsibility ? I should not wish to run Eounter to authority " '.-. ":Lor bless ye, no," answers the man. 'In course the bobbies will order us down, 3ut then we needn't mind 'em, for they can't ;et at us." The bov accordingly is hoisted up, and to ihow his knowledge bf the world, the little ilergytnan keeps on exhorting little Hugh <0 beep his pluck up. "Look £ere„' presently cried Utile Hugh —a ragged tramp is clumbering up to him. Dhe little 'clergyman mildly expostulates explaining that the lamp-post is already occupied. But the tramp says there is room enough for three, and proves that there .is; by maintaining his footing on "the post. He cuts off the little clergyman's view. At first the little clergyman makes timidly spiteful little pushes at the tramp's ragged skirts,: but at last he half loses his temper, and is betrayed into saying—still mildly—r" How the duce can a person see anything when another person will keep on getting in his way ?" , • - . " I'll put myself this way, sir,, when ihe purce««ion comes along," says the tfamp, making a bow of his body. " You say so, my friend, hut I am afraid you will forget to do it," remarks the little clergyman with quiet satire; . and then, in perfect good faith, he proceeds to give little Hugh some very erroneous information. " Who's that, and that," asks little Hugh, as the carriages roll by; and-his_ guardian answer him, not from knowledge, but according to the light of nature often it Is done. " That is either the Persian Ambassador- or the Turkish, or Nawad Nazim, or Maharajah Duleep Singh/' says the little clergyman, bs a dark gentleman in a fiery and gold laced uniform rolls by. Hussars begin to press the crowd backwards, not with the steady pressure of the Household Cavalry, but by "making their, horses lear. There is a jam. An old Frenchman in front of mo, avails himself of the opportunity to embrace the waist of a. pretty girl in front of him. An old lady tries hard to giye back a dig with her elbow for every push that she receives. On the whole, however, there is great good temper. Nearly everyone is laughing. A nervous, elderly gentleman fights his way out of the crowd, gasping like a drowning irinn. " Lor, I thought he was took bad," chuckled a fat tnau—" how he were a-shakin." A roar. "Perhaps his good lady had a-let go of his hand, and he was afraid he should lose himself," the wag adds. A second roar. \- Cheers. A carriage, with the royal iiveries rolls out from Marlborough House yard, en routfl for Buckingham Palace. "White handkerchiefs flutter like doves taking wing. Women dap up and down like piano-hammers The old Frenchman tries to lift the plump pretty girl, but only succeeds in rumpling her drapery. " A very fine demonstration," he complacently remarks. Wo wait a weary while, but at last the Speaker's swinging carriage lumbers out of St James's. " I thought the Lord Mayor was to meet the Queen a-'oss-back," grumbles an unenlightened youth. "I got guch a capital Bight - of the top of a whip," eays a short youni;"woman behind me, so good-teraperedly I invite her to avail herself of iny shoulder; whereupon she unceremoniously mounts me pick-a-back, and clings to me like Siudbad'a old man. Just as the Duke of Edinburgh's brown face goes by, snmo cruzy planks for the privilege of standing on, which a dozen people have given five shillings each, come down with a crash into the gutter. The Qneen has Queen's weather—dim, grim old ,-St. James's lighted up by a brilliant blink of "sunlight as 6he comes out of. it—but she has not shown her usual punctuality. The palace clock points to a quarter:pait 12. More cheers, more dapping up and down, and cries of "There she 16—there he is— how well he looks—how pale he looks—ain't he grown bald ?—and there's the sweet Princess, God bless her—where?—which carriago ?—why there, with the six horses —-don't you see John Brown?" Aberdonian John is perched behind his mistress's carriage, grinning from ear to ear. When the Queen has passed, a flood boils out at Pall Mali westward an well as eastward. I am carried off by the eastward stream, and at last make my way to Buckingham Palnce via the Green Park. Two dense lines of passengers are pouring t hrough the park into Piccadilly, The space around the Palace is crammed. Roughs are bullying nervouu people into liberal payments for stand from which they have seen nothing. The wall of St. James's park is choked with crowds of foot passengers, through which carriugos and foot and horse police and soldiers with difficulty force their way. .• Out into still thronged Pall Mall again by way of the Duke of York's steps,'and so beneath miles of drooping bunting along the circle of the gaily decorated route. From more than one stand in Duncannonstreet returning mounted police are heartily cheered. The force is so unaccustomed to popular applause that the men look crusty at tirsgrfis if they thought they wero being unfairly chaffed. Sotpe of the prettiest effects of the decoration are windows set in frames of artificial flowerB. At the open window of one gaily dressed first-floor stands an old gentleman gravely bowing, and catching in his hat the coins which are thrown up to him for fun by passers-by. From other windows cakes and coppers are being scrambled amongst the crowd. On a ledge outside one window stands an unfortunate footman, helpless butt of the satire of a knot of the young fellows in billycock hats and comforters, who rush in strings through London crowds, bonneting right and left with th^ir.short sticks. John Thomasfidgets and actually blushes as these street-wits shout up to him, " *Ow you're a-exposing of yourself! Ain't you ashamed, John, to show your legs in that hindecei.t manner?" There is an impenetrable jam atTemple- Bar, which is white and gold and ornamented like a twelfth cake. I get into Chancery-lane by way of Clement's Inn and Clore Market. A double line of policemen, shoulder to shoulder, blocks the bottom of the lane. The . gates of Sergeant's Inn are closed. Through a nest of narrow courts—the few inhabitants leftiii which stare in astonishment at the strangers streamingordribbliugthrough their dim, dirty zigzag apparent no-thorough fares, I find my way into Fetter-lane, and so at last into Fleet-street. Horse Guards block the triumphal arch at its eastern end, but a .detour to the south and under the arches of the L. C. and D, Railway brings me out on Ludgate Hill, just opposite Good Woods Office, A white-faced clergyman staggers up to me,.with a white-faced woman staggering after him. " For God's sake let me pass," he says;" this lady has been crushed," Neither he nor his wife will venture into a X<ondon crowd again, I fancy. Two ranks of Scots Fupiljiers block Ludgate Hill at , the corner ot the Old Bailey, The stalwart I men lean back upon the erowd, but the J pressure is so greatthatthedoubleUaej of I bearskins undulates lib. a snake. The officer in command-orders the rear rank to nbfix their bayonets and face about; It is fortunate that thebayonets are unfixed, for the «rowd square up to and pitch into the soldiers, and the Fusiliers; uot unnaturally look vicious as they clench their tenth, and club their rifles. Above the tumult rises the grand Cathedral dome, with its goldsn -red inscription,—"I was glad when they said unto me letua go unto the bouse .of the Lord. 1 ' * Down comes a yard of gilt stand-cornicealmost on-ray head. I had just managed to work myself up within fire of the Guards when the Royal carriage, its occupants looking excited, tired, but yet happy, turns the Old Bailey comeron its road homewards. Another, dietour through the old-fashioned streets which lie to the south of St. Paul's Churchyard. " Red unifprns, blue uniforms, Mack velvet, uniforms, black clerical gowns, gowns, fur-trimmed blue marsupial little boys in college- caps- and gold-laced red coats, bewildered' ladies and ;gentlemen in all kinds of creased "costumes—the clergymen looking especially crumpled.. In. a- quiet city lane through which I am making: a round about, and yet comparatively rapidcut to the Hdlborn Viaduct, I notice a peculiar manifestation of thanksging loyalty. Two middle-aged women, , very drunk, and endeavouring to lift, their left toes, dnnseuse fashion, over every cannon post they pass. The Christ's Hospital boys are merrily scampering about their stand in G-iltspur-Btreet. The little charity girls still sit looking very geared in their poke bonnets, in the Oxford Circus triumphal arch. Every now and tHien there is a jam. 1 almost get my ribs stove in at the Marble Arch. One of the queerest inscriptions I see is this :— " A fig tor Alabama claims ! Let come what may. Our Prince lias claims Old England pays to-day." The crowd is critical upon seatholders who still retain their seats in the stands. " Guts! they'll have their penn'orth ofit," is one polite remark I overhear. Another is "Yes, the dresses is handsome—it's the woman's faceB, you 6ee as spiles 'em." A tall man in a blue bonuet thinks himself vers facetious in treading upon the heels of every old woman he overtakes, and then calling out "It ain't my fault, marm." "Shut up, you dirty Scotchman," is the brilliant repartee which his brilliant suit evokes. Tickled girls giggle hysterically in the thickest of the crowd, and squirt scented waters from fountain bottles into the faces of their chief chaffers. And so through Hyde Park, past the red stands from which the congregated vestrymen of London saw the show, into Picca- dilly and back into the Leicester Square region of restaurants. Everywhere a crowd In the first eating place I enter, I knock and call for 20 minutes, but the waiters are too busy to tahe my urders. Accordingly stara for Bibra's in St. Martiu's-lane, where I at last get a waiter to compassionate my case. On my road home I fiud that even St Giles's has joined in the day's show—a string of flags spanning the road at Seven Dials.— S. If. Herald. 