A TALE OF THE SEA. . LAURA., ^YOODVILLE sat in the cabin . of her father's ship, listening to the roar of the wind and waves. She heard the creaking of the tall masts ; and the groaning of the timbers, as the vessel struggled through heavy .seas that went icareering past with a , roar like the rushing of an avalanche. ..Now and then.she also heard the wild cry of an officer warning, the men to . " hold on, hard," as some tremendous ?wall of, water .broke over the ship, " Poor fellows, they are having a wearisome time on deck," murmured the fair girl, as she rose to her feet and moved towards the companion-way' " I hope. the gale will abate before long, so that they can dry their wet garments and make themselves com fortable." ... ] She mounted the staircase and !,pushed open the cabin door, thrust ing her beautiful head through the :entrance. Her father, who was standing near ? the mizzen-mast, motioned her back, . and; at the same time pointing towards a "gigantic sea, which was rolling to ; wards the vessel with a noise like the .bursting of a thunderbolt. The young , girl was about to withdraw and shut the door,, when the ship suddenly lurched to windward; and,.losing her .balance, Laura was precipitated to the deck outside the opening. Before she could regain her feet, or receive assis tance from her father, the sea broke over, the deck, lifting her like a feather " and1 bearing her off to leeward. The captain saw it all-saw his beautiful daughter receding upon the crest of the mighty wave, with her " white arms uplifted and her golden hair : Streaming upon the foam. The quarter boat, the only one that hitherto resisted the shock of the seas, was washed away 'by the same watery " leviathan" that carried off the beautiful girl ; so there . was no means of effecting her rescue. ' The , grief-stricken parent watched the struggling form until it had dis appeared in the gathering shadows of the'night; and he tore his grey hair ' and beat his breast with his fists. He would not be comforted. He groaned, he. raved like a madman, and finally fell' to the deck insensible. He was ; carried below and placed in his berth, ' where he was soon restored to con sciousness. But there was a strange glare in his eyes ; his cheeks glowed 'like a red-hot furnace ; he tossed his arms about and shrieked ; the fever.of "delirium burned in his brain. The gale had by this time begun to abate. A change of wind had also taken place ; the main topsail had been "loosened and the yards squared. Good look-outs had been stationed on the knight-heads, that the vessel might not run foul of some other craft in the darkness ; and a lantern, which, by the subsiding seas, was no longer lia ble to be washed overboard, was hung ? up in the fore-shrouds. An hour later the gale had moderated into a strong breeze, and the watch ' sought the forward part of the ship, no longer fearful of being drenched or 1 swept overboard by the waves. There was a gloomy shadow upon the face of every man; for Laura had been a great favorite with all, and each one grieved for her as he might have done for a well-beloved sister. And while they walked slowly to and fro, conversing in hoarse, subdued voices of the fate of the young girl, a wild cry from their shipmates on the look-out made 'them pause and turn towards the knight-heads. There stood one of the oldest tars in the ship, pointing with a trembling finger over the lee-bow. Looking in this direction, the watch beheld some thing white, faintly visible in the dark ness, and which seemed to sway slightly ;to and fro above the crest ef the waves. ':In a few moments the shrouds, the cat heads,; ana jib-booms were covered with spectators, who gazed at the mys terious object with sensations of won der and superstitious awe. As the ship dashed on her unde viating course, lessening the distance between her and the vision, the latter gradually took the shape of a woman in a white dress. " My God," exclaimed one of the seamen, "it was a white dress that Miss Laura wore when she was washed overboard !" "Ay, ay!" gasped another, "and this is she-the captain's daughter; but not in the flesh, shipmates-no, not in the flesh, for she must have been drowned; besides which, them that's in'their nat'ral bodies can't float on the top of the sea in this way." ' ; Even as he spoke, the vision was seen making motions with its arms; and presently it was heard to utter a beseeching cry, which was nearly drowned, however, by the roaring of the wind and waves. At the same moment the ship fell off a couple of points, and as the ap parition was fading away off the weather beam, one of the men made his way aft and sought the mate, who had taken a station near the hurricane house. " Have you seen it ?" " Seen what ?" " The ghost-the spirit of Laura ! There it is now-almost out of sight!" No sooner did the mate get a glimpse of the vision than he ordered the man at the wheel to luff, and summoned the men to brace the yards. His or ders were promptly obeyed, and the vessel was soon rushing along in the direction of the white figure. " It is no ghost!" cried the mate, as he surveyed the floating form through his night glass. " It is Laura Woodville-alive and well-in the stern-sheets of our own quarter-boat!" A simultaneous shout of joy went up from the ship ; for the fact that the young, girl was in the boat, and not walking upon the crest of waves, dis sipated the superstitious thoughts of the men in a moment. They had not been able to see the little craft, owing to the distance; and they now felt ashamed of the ghostly fancies they had indulged. In the meantime the ship dashed on with a speed that soon brought her so near the boat that the mate ordered his men to back the main topsail. This was done. The vessel glided slowly alongside the boat; and a moment latex Laura was assisted to the deck. She rushed through the companion way, made her way to her father's berth and the old man, with a wild shout of joy, folded her .in his arms?' " Ay, ay!" exclaimed the mate, as he peered into the cabin^ " there's none of the ghostabout that gal, I'm certain!". " Bless her pretty eyes !" cried an old sailor ; " and may she get spliced to one that's worthy of her; for she's a noble creature, she is !" " My eyes ! isn't she ?" cried another tar. " So gentle like and kind, with out being skeery. Them's my sort; them that wouldn't hurt a fly, and yet that would know enough to steer a boat in such a sea as we've had, and not capsize her!" While the seamen were thus ex pressing their admiration of the cap tain's daughter, the latter was describ ing to her father the manner in which she had effected her escape from an ocean grave. While she was being tossed hither and thither by the merciless waves, her hand had come into contact with the friendly quarter - boat, which was carried away by the same billow that swept her from the deck. Clutching the gunwale with the grasp of despair, she succeeded in getting into the vessel. Then she seized the tiller, and by keeping the boat before the gale, contrived to keep it from being swamped. Our readers know the re«t; so we have only to add that the sudden ap pearance of the young girl before her father, in 'the manner described, pro duced an effect upon the old man's system, that soon restoredhira to health'. 