Select Poetry. STEVE DODGE. I AIN'T much good at tellin' a yarn, For I never was much at school; Born, bred, an' reared on a prairie farm, An' allus reckon'd a fool. But, fool as l was, to a man I grew; An' if I got nothin' beside, I got strength of muscle, an' bone, an' thew, An' a tongue as never lied. An' some of your schoolmen, I opine, Had never been rogues an' cheats; Supposin' they'd never met sheep an' kine. In the crush of a city's streets. For do as ye will in their roar an' clash, List whether ye will or not, You must draw in with your tradin' cash, Some dimes from the Devil's lot. But alone in the woods—if ye ain't all brute— Are voices for ever near: Kind homely words just fashioned to suit All days in the changin' year: Summer and Springtide, Winter an' Fall, Flowers, fruits, ripe harvests, an' snow, Preachin' an' pleadin' to one an' all, What's right for us to know. But this ain't tellin' the thing off slick, 'Bout my poor comrade an' me, But I can't help backin' an' fillin' a bit, For I push for the wild salt sea. * * * * * * Jist nineteen years, if I don't mistake, Come next maple sugar time, Steve Dodge an' me, on the Moosehead Lake, Were choppin' among the pine. We felled thro' the two first months of snow, An' the logs got scatter'd and wide; So Steve an' his wife shifted pegs below To a bluff on the other side. Me an' Bill Stokes an' Jonathan Dole Moved East'ard a league or more, Where the trees if they straggled were bigger at bole, An' chock on the Moosehead shore. We belted and haul'd thro' as sharp a week Of frost as these parts can bring, For when we opened our lips to speak, The ice in our beards would ring. The air was crisp as a frozen sheet, An' gave out no cry or call, An' the earth we battered beneath our feet Was hard as a cannon ball. Deep in the woods the wolves an' deer Had dived when the snap began An' we reckoned that nothin' alive was near, Save the ox an' his driver—man. Wal, it kept on so till near the edge Of March, when Steve an' his son Come over the ice in a neighbor's sledge To taste our pineapple rum. The boy was only a two year old, But bright as a new made cent, An' Steve he counted him more than gold, An' took him wherever he went. We talked of the weather an' drunk the rum, An' smoked an' turned up Jack, For apples an' hickory nuts for the son To carry his mother back. At last the pineapple juice caved in, An' we tickled the lad wake, An' swathed him up in a buffalo skin, For the clearin' across the Lake. Good night was said with a hearty shake Of hands in the monlight calm, But somehow or other I couldn't take My grip from his clingin' palm. So I said I'll carry the boy a yoke, For you'll find him a [?] load. But I never thought when the words were spoke 'Twould ha' been sich a lonesome road. We left the cabin an' struck a track To the uppermost end of the Lake, For the ice was glaze as a sperm whale's back, An' we hadn't never a skate. We headed the ice, an' the trail was plain Thro' the hemlocks an' hackmatac, So I handed the lad to Steve again, To turn on my backward track. I'd lighted my pipe an' said a'most Good night, when a hell- fire cry Came up like the wail of a sufferin' ghost, From a clump of junipers nigh. Like a Caraboo struck right dead in the spine, Steve started up from the log, An' groaned in his throat thro' the frosty rime, 'Wolves! by the Eternal God.' One look to his home an' one behind, An' then he bounded ahead, Like an iceboat lashed by a west'ard wind, On the waters of Winneabed. I follered, up close, an' the pace began To tell both on me an' him, So I took my knife an' cut as I ran Big strips from the buffalo skin. This ain't got much of a bumptuous sound, But a man wants muscle an' breath, An' I guess that even a single pound Is a help in a race with death. I kept on cuttin', an' fold on fold Fell away as we onward flew, An' 'twould all ha' gone, but the midnight cold Would ha' smitten the poor boy thro'. We might ha' gone over half-a-mile, An' we'd never once heard the pack Give a yelp or a howl or a snarlin' whine, But we knew they we're runnin' the track. When all of a sudden, clear, sharp, an' full, We heard the infernal rips: They'd picked up the hide of the prairie bull, An' was tearin' it into bits. Steve stopp'd on the trail an' looked at his son, An' then glared savage at me, As if riled at the desperate risk he'd run, Then sunk on his bended knee. He kissed the boy over an' over again, An' wept, an' seemed to pray, Then said,'Take the lad to his mother, Ben, While I keep the skunks at bay.' He gave me his son, an' a horrible glare Flashed out of his tearless eye, For sharp an' shrill on the frosty air Came again the devilish cry. I tried to speak, but words wouldn't come Only high enough jist to choke, But he knew the feelin' as made me dumb, P'raps better than if I'd spoke. He looked at us both, for there I stood. As if part of the iron ground, But a nearer howl from the hemlock wood Set me off like a hungry hound. 'God keep ye both,' I heard him say, 'But push for yer dear good life, I'll keep the infernal whelps away, Till ye give the boy to my wife.' I heard nothin' else, the earth and sky Was still, an' hoped on yet, Till louder an' fiercer the horrible cry Told the man an' the wolves had met. I'd heard some agony in my time, From wounded an drownin' men, But God in his goodness keep me an' mine From hearin' the like again. Cry after cry came over the snow, With now and again a yelp, An' once I lay the child down to go Strait back to the father's help. But the gleam of their camp-fire shinin' bright, Seemed to strengthen the bendin' reed, Tho' I felt as I ought to go back an' fight, The brutes as were chawin' Steve. I took the boy in my arms an' sped Like mad thro' the midnight air, Nor stopt till he lay on his trundle bed, In reach of a mother's care. * * * * * * There's nothin' else; the father gave His life for the life of the son, An' Christ when He came the world to save, Jist did what Steve Dodge had done. March 30,1872. OSCAR HUGHAN. 