AMONG THE, RED MEiW Bill Brown, Tom Davis; Mark Rooney, and myself, were employed, in the tall of 18132, by the New York branch of the Hudson Bay Company, to travel through the western territories^ and purchase fur from the various tribes of Indians there located. ' Our preparations for jhe long and tedious journey were completed in early September, and the twentieth | instant found us across, the Missis- i sippi, about to begin our lonely march. The weather was pleasant, the landscape beautiful, and as we journeyed through nature's vast region—• hitherto almost unexplored—feelings of awe and wonder were awakened in our breasts. We found the object for which we journeyed, in large quantities ; and the red men seemed disposed to treat us with kindness, although many evil persons had been among them of late, breeding discontent, and stirring up a rebellious spirit. We.distributed various trinkets among the people, the better to win their efeteem, knowing that we should lose nothing by so doing. We purchased- a large amount ot fur in Washington Territory, and sent it toCNew York, under the superinteqdence .of a party sent out for that express ^purpose; and we then made arrangements to visit the wilds of British America. The journey was long and severe, and it was the last days'-pf October that we crossed the line, owing to the painful illness of one of our number. He was attacked very suddenly on the second day of our, m^rth; frorq the trading posts of j WasWngtori Territory with cholera, and for four days it seetned as though the sands of his life were fast running out. He recovered ; aud we contiuued our march without anything of interest occurring, cxcept a few skirmishes with roving bands ol Indiajaf.^ We reached Flat Bow iRtver on the 1st of November, and here we found a; solitary,, hut, built many years before fur the traders, -which we took possession of. Herb we remained two or three weeks, in the mean time recruiting our health, which had been much-impaired by the suffering we had undergone. The sprightly deer furnished us food ; and here, in a beautiful valley, t passed the happiest days of my existence—days uever .to be erased from -my*- memory's pa|ej / 'yPime passed qiiietiy aAvay, abd rwe/weire obliged to abandon thisloveiy retreat, although with strong feelings of dislike. ,As there were no tribes dwelling upon this beautiful stream, we took up our line of march, and on the second night encamped near the sparkling waters of the queenly Narcosis. The scenery here was truly magnificent! Bubbling broots flowed in unequalled grandeur ; lovely valleys, dotted With pretty lakes, were smiling around, and hills and moun- tains, like dim spectres, arose in the distance. Oh ! it was a grand, a tout hih g; n ab ib posi h g • ; Might 1' * Fb r many days I feasted my delighted eyes upon the beautiful western landscape, so lovingly spread out to my view, and I almost wished that 1 could spend the remainder of my days amid such inspiring grandeur, The natives were very shy, aud seemed to dislike our presence among ! them ; but after a little coaxiug, and the distribution of a few presents among their squaws, their good nature seemed to return, and they asserted their willingness to trade with us if desirable. Here we procured, for a paltry sum, very valuable fur; the red men much delighted with our honest dealing, and.expressing great surprise, as they had often been badly cheated by the whitps. They called their chiefs together,-apd told the'm of our 'desire for trading, alter which a treaty was written and signed by the leading mcn of' the nation. After that it was an easy matter for us to obtaiu the object for which., we had journeyed so many thousaud miles; the rarest articles were brought a long distance and sold for a mere song. Thus, in the friendship of those uneducated brothers, we passed many happy hours. At length the time for our return to the East arrived—(he hour when we must sever our connection with those Ravage brothers of the north. We had purchased a sufficient amount of fur, and were eager tn return to our homes ere the cold host of winter set in, for we bad no great desire to remain in that cold climate, and were but hall supplied with the necessaries of life. Accordingly we made known to the chief our determination to leave their country, and also expressed our sincere thanks for the outspoken kindness they had shown us. The parting day ' cauie, and all were assembled to bid us a lasting farewell. I have never passed through a sadder scene; for those simple children displayed in their feelings what words could not utter. I t was a solemn time, and it will require many, many dreary years to erase from my memory the hour ui parting. It was not the gushings of sorrow I experienced ; but a strange, indescribable feeling—a feeling of loneliness. A few friendly Indians pilpted us down the Fraser river, through Washington to Fort Walla Walla, thence through Oregon to Fori Hall, South Pass, over Wiud River Mountains, into Nebraska; then by the way of Fremont's Peak, Black Hills, Fort Lat^tmie, Bald Land, over the sparkling Missouri, and into Minnesota. Here our guides left us, after piloting us through a wild, tract of country, we bestowing many valuable presents upon them <ipr their friendly and lasting fidelity. W e found Minnesota in u state of excitement. The savage forest denizens, led 011 by the wily Southern traitors, had ravaged her borders, murdered the men and children, violated the women, sacked and burned the. villages, aud committed some of the, most horrible depredations ever known to savage warfare, it was a desolate scene we witnessed, and caused our hearts to burn with indignation. A wailing cry arose from the once happy, hut now polluted land—a .cry for vengeance upon the merciless foe, aud our hearts went out with sympathy for the suffering many. We longed for power to bring the blood-stained wretches to punishincut...Many, without friends or home,- uearly starved and naked, were roaming about, victims of. the fiendish massacre; others, without a scalp or arm, could be seen, and with tearful eyes they would relate to us .the horrible sufferings they had undergone—sufferings by the side of which death would be a great blessing. <Jh i it was a painful sight, and may I never becalled to look upon its 1-t.ic.e again. But a brighter morning dawned; the red meu were subdued, and peace tiud quiet reigned ouce more. The pbiisewilc cheerfully plied her calling, the men without fear proceeded to their allotted daily toil, aud the children merrily wended their way to school, displaying the lovely picture childhood's happiness. What a change! The raw, chilly days of December came on ere wc were prepared to resume our journey. On the 10th, however, we left Fort Griffin, and,having purchased a large boat, into which wc put our fur, we proceeded down the St. Peter's river, in hopes of reaching St. Paul before the "21st inst. The days passed pleasantly away, and nothing happened to mar our happiness until the 14th inst. wheu, near Crosby's Ford, we were surprised by Indians, who beckoned us to comc on shore. This we wished to avoid, but believing that they were well armed, and knowing that they would certainly kill us if we attempted to run away, we concluded it were belter to surrender, and meet manfully whatever fate was in store for us- The red men seemed surprised at our hasty compliance with their request ; nevertheless, they seemed to possess but little, if any, sympathy for us. The moment we stepped upon ehore they firmly pinioned us, aud a council was called to determine our fate. It was composed of thirteen chiefs, who quickly begun the painful task allotted' them. The leader was tor an immediate dissolution, as was a majority of the council, and by their savage and revengeful looks, we believed that our last hours were at hand. However, we were determined to sell our lives as dearly as possible. Kach of us possessed two of Colt's superb revolvers, and we made arrangements to murder some of the enemy before we were called to give up the ghost. They carefully watched us lest by some surprise we might escape. The moments that followed were truly heart-rending; and to-day as I muse upon that eventful hour, the blood fairly leaps through my veins. At length an old, grey-haired chieftain slowly arose. I knew that the red men loved him dearly, by the great respect shown him during his address. In a solemn voice he entreated his people to set the captives free, to no longer indulge the fiendish delight of imbruing their hands in the blood of the innocent; for, said he, our brother in Washington will revenge the deaths of his white brothers, and the Great Spirit would look with disapproval upon the hoi rid deed. The aged father's words were like oil, poured upon the troubled sea; it had its effect, and carried the troubled mind into a calmer state. A re-action was produced, and in ten minutes the chief told us that our lives should be spared. With overjoyed hearts wc blessed them, and gave unto each ont some friendly token. After smoking the pipe of peace, with the usual friendly feelings, we prepared to continue our journey. Guides accompanied us, as another band was down the river, who would interrupt us unless some of the red men were present. We watched the spot, the foe beckoned us to come on shore, but our guides refused. They threatened to fire unless we obeyed, but the guide placed themselves before us, told their brothers that they should die ere a hair of our head should be injured. Alter a short parley, the red men were satisfied ; but requested us to come on shore, and smoke the pipe of peace. This we did, and after passing a pleasant hour, were allowed to continue our journey. Our guides turned back, after bidding us an affectionate farewell. Five days after wo reached St. Paul, and were very glad to enter the home of civilization again.' 