" MARRIED"BACHELOES. _ Men conttuqally mistake their vocation in: life, and .uliilprlako dq ties for which' they lmve no natural: qiialificatiop. The impulsivo artist who coqsicjers himself a better mun of business than, his lawyer, and who will thereforo iiiapage hi'op.n'' affairs, comes to griof by t)io wiiy;' the fapipus cloiyn who complains that lie- is a fji-st- rale tragedian spoilt, and disappears into the provinces to play Hamlet, to tbo natives, as often, as not brouks down in the ghost scene, and tails off into a gi|g tliat , sets the back benches in a roar; tho thick-wit tod squire who cannot koep a secret to sifve' |iis life, and who never sees farthor ahead than to-day, thinks his rightful mission diplomacy, becauso he can put his tenants jntb gbq'd' pumbiif on rent day : by his b|gif jqkb) Wild qp/tndortakcs tlio most delicate bit of social intrigue in' his' neighbourhood, with the result of universal confusion and a hastened catastfoplio. ; ajid thp. pi/pt, tyliose bunds afe, aa wiuVe'and nervelosj aq ,,a ivpiniin's, and whose Dfe is a drea|n, laihepfa tl|i)t he was uqj: sent to spa qt "an parly ago, . bccaqso "'the plash of elements " deljghts him, slid gives Jiil'i ideas for a.braee of sonnets. I( ; tlicao and other such square men can be kept from carrying out their mistake into notion, and prevented from thrust ing themselves into found' holes, -it is all l-ight-r- they are sayed from fuihirp and provided with a grievance, either ' of ' which is an inestimable ; boon ; but if they get the upper hand of eirciini- 8tancds,and arb allowed torcaljsothcir phantasy, fthep they malie a mess of their lives which np ! after efforts can repair. One of the niistak.es into which some . pf them fall, is marriage. There are men who have, no yocation for marriage., Homo is a word, that has no real meaning for i theni— a;; place where there is no charm and as little' duty. A f wife is a. tie, a ;elog, an incumbrance, or : at best a painful jneoessity — anything but a "half" bettor or worse, a helper)' or a companion and children aro locusts that devour hunters and ppera-atalls, ikid gLoves and " little dinners," at ail plarrpiug rqto of progression, aiid finally gro\v, lip into .tail ineu and women ivho piake the best worc of tailors and. hairdressers a patent anachrpiiism. These: men married; one daj', because they had /committed the unpardonable folly of giving way po a temporary madness tbey called love, and (.hey recovered by the process ; or tlioy sold themselves, for so much iu the stocks, to find the bargain when concluded too bitter to be digested. (They are bacholors by nature, and no legal ties can mako them any thing elso. Their line is essentially single, arid thoyhave no notion of life a deux'. They give up no old habits of thpir bachelor days . becauso of the wife at lipino, re cognise no pew.dulies, because .of tiioir, change of qtate. The utmost concession they mako to their eouditiou is to: be scon together in formal society, nd - to receivo- formal company at home. For anything closor or moro domestiented — for tete- a-teta evenings passed 'with the wife alone, for pleasant Jittlo jiiurits tbgctlier, renejying the love-time and the honey- moon, for cohvprsatibn qarricd on iyith graci-, with'spirU, with a desire to pieaso or to ' shbib lyliefo s)ie is the only ifstepor, "foy anything Ijlto lioine joys or hora.e prid.e-thoy hay.e no piure yoeatioii or desire than, they have for racking t|.o .cradle .upstairs as tjbe small locusts.f uc.ceasiyeiy arrive. Toujours flordrif is tho toxton which tjbey found the acted sprinon :of. -their ilives ; andy in their fear of getting prematurely tired of their matrimonial riartridee. tliev are careful to take her sneintv only, in iiifinitessimnl dose's) 'arid riot to risk" the cjhance of being -.cloyed - By a surfeit-:— Tinsleys' Magazine. ; '/ V. ; , j The Good Old Customs op our Giund- motueus.— fyealth is likely, -all elso being equal, to make one happier. Fashion, on tho contrary, rather Todueestho probability of en joyment, especially when tlie fashionable person iq not rich. To ape the habits, dross, and style qf living of persons who spend the sum of your wliole iucoine ou trifles tliat thry scarcely coiint, is to allow ' symptoms of .insanity. Yot many people do thia very thing, arid are .constantly in d,ebt and in troublo in consequence. But ovou setting aside money matters, lioiv does fasliion hplp lis to be happy ? Iu the days of our grand mothers, people were iu ilie main plain and un conventional, and were blessed by a far greater spirit of .contentment, ami enjoyed the inter- cjiange of, social intercourse as -we -.do not oujoy it now. People then paid visits that wore- Worthsomothing. Women became acquainted wiith eacli other in tlio pleasant afternoons which they .spent .together, aud.-to Which no one was. aaliarii'ed to 'bring 'either solving or baby. I sup- ppse any of lis'-wlio-aro fnll- growii -women can re member being childish members of a tea drink ing sqeh as ,we never think of-giviiig or of going to ourselves— thoso pleasant meetings .whiph gave, np.tfqiible ,to any .olio. Bo one wore full dross ; np ,one oxpec.teil, any great ceremony. Husbands apd beaux came in with the teapot, or later, to do escort-.duty, -and everybody ;soemcd ,to be in good spirits. Befofo wo liad'groivn up, all this had vanished from " good society." Morning calls were-in fasliion". ' People . dressed iii' their bfst, arid oamo in' tlioir ciirriago' if possible. A db of the hand iii a'- tight kid' glove, a: word about the weather, .a "do come , and sco me, soon," and. the caller, is off. , .Hoiv;.oiuch better wpr. e the,, simple, , hearty, .cheery. -manners and , customs of our grandmothers ! ' (The, Jews and: the Messiah.— "Consider- able interest on the subject of the Messiabship of Jesus," says the Bombay "Guardian", ' '' exists apiong tho Boni-ilsracl of Bombay at the present ti|iio;! In tlio Dnyanodiiya, 15th January last, appearc'd a 'communicatioii from a Beiff-Israel penBiouor, niimecl Bhaiidiiji Bopiiji Bhoukar, J rqsid.ehtiqt Pooiia/iinwvliicli he saysithat,'.feelingt his .responsibility .tp.enquire into the subject of rligiob, ,he has cxainiuod both -sides of the great : cqntrpvqrsy .between tbo Jews and.the, Christians cqncqruihgAlio comiug of,tho Messiah, and fluffs -tljat theiChristiaus are right in -maintaining -that- tle Mossiah came more than 1800 years ngo;' /that Jesus of Nazareth was the Messiah, inas-' mudh'as'alt tho -predictions of the prophets of ol'd are 'exactly fulfilled in: liim ; and that the' Jews are waiting for liiui in vain." This letter lias created'. q great ngitutiou .in .tho.cquimuiiity) to wliich tho writer bolongs. Iu Bombay tiioy , have , -founded- 'a .society .with ;thc obiect of, eiiliglitening ..such ,uf -thoir. peoplo as have any doiibts. ., .Printed, notices have -bocu distributed, inviting them to go to their synagogue at Man- deiniito-havd .tlieir 'doubts rcmovod.-One member' of, the sumo community recommends the course suggested' by 'Mrflihanduji; and tliat missionaries' and other Christians bo invited to coma and take' part'ln the discussion. The Boni-Igrael' are believed to be' descendants from the lost .ton tribes) ' Tlioy number some hundreds of. thou sands iii theBoinbay Presidency, and aro;dis-, tinot froni tliCi Jows or.doscendants .of tlio otiier two. tribes. .. They have :bcon spocially looked after/and inatruoted by thoFroo ChnroliaMission. The Jardin dos iPhintosiis now nearly roton- ' anted. , . At tlie cqirim'eucomeut of the war,'the ' most valuable inmates wore sent to board- iiud' lodge iu friendly countries ; thoso that remained experienced /some - of tife horrors of the siege ; food- running thort,. tho commonest of the ani mals were sacrificed ; thou 'came tho turn for tho choioestjlwo.olophanta.woroeold-totlicbutoliors for 27,000 -franos, tliroo antelopes realised 4000 francs, -and two eaniols'5000 franos. Tho exces sive cold killed. off tho monkeys and birds. 1'he Commune' brought fresh inisfor tunes : the shells fell so '.plentifully.- that no; assistant dare .venture from ; hih hidingrplqce to tend the inmates ,; one man ' was killed , and two others died -;from the wounds received while. oudeavouring to; do some thing , for tho collection ; tho projeotiles killed- two .valuable .horses, -a Jerusalem-ass,' a llama, » some, doer, : monkoys, and, pheasants. A- moukoy was - found > dead ' with li few splinters of a shell - gathered - in a coruor of liis cagq ; a piinthor was set free' by a cannon ball smashing bpen'its orib, ' and'the animal did/groat'chimiigQ. Tho Com- muiiists furthormoro . faroil Buniptuously on.the ibirda— many bf ..which . had been, purchased, at .abuloue priooB, , _ Bible Teaciiino in Schools. — In a document that was issued tho otliorday, says tho Examiner, somo _ eight hundred Nonconformists " publicly recoro thoir disapproval" of " strcnous efforts tliat are being mado to excliulo tho Biblo by law from public elementary schools." This is an unfair attack on, and statement of, tho objccis of, the National Education League. Tho League has no wish to excliulo tho Biblo from public schools. All it desires is, tliat instruction shall not bo given from tlio Biblo at tho cost of ratepayers and tax payers who do not wish to provide such'instruction for their children. It is right that tho Stato should sco that all children aro educated in such brandies of knowledge as aro neecBsary. to tho political well- bomg of tho community. It has nothing to do with thoir religious training. For that tlioro aro surely funds aud endowments enough already ; and just now, when tlio Nonconformists are very properly trying thoir utmost to disestablish tho State Oliurcli, it is strangely inconsistent in any of them to favour a scheme for diverting national and local funds from their legitimate uses into a new endow- ment of religion under State control. "Berkeley, Sept., 18C9. — Gentlemen, I feel ita duty I owo to you to express my gratitude for the great benefit I have derived by taking "Norton's Camomile Pills." I applied to your agent, Mr Bell, Berkeley, for the above-named Pills, for wind in the Btomach, from which I suffered oxcruciatiug pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without deriving any benefit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable pills I was quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may thus ho afflicted. — I am Sir, yours truly, Henry Allpass."— To tho Pro prietors of Norton's Camomile Pills. fns 