SATI'AN INTHECIRCUS, In the Queensland Timnes, a Brisbane paper we tind the aollowing amusing trial which occupied the attention of one of the courts of law: Desmond v. Batty.-This was an action for £15 for personal injuries. The plain tiff was Jeremiah Dosmond, luborer, re siding in Lower Glsoheen, and the defen lant was Mr Tuomas Batty, the propriotor of the circus performing in Great George street. The process stated:-" The plain tiffclailus £15 damages for loss, injury, and damages sustained by the plaintiff through the carelessness, negligence, and mismanagement of the delotdant, lie hav ing in his circus in George-streetananiial called a camel, his property, which animal he, in tihe month of December, 1871 negli gently and cur?lcssly permitted to escape and break trom said circus, and wander through the streets and up to thle Lower Glasheen road, where said camel did force its way into plaintiff's house, and there in jure, knock down, and bruisosaid plaintiff, by which injustico he has been put to ex pense and loss of time." Mr dayes for the plaintiff, and Mr J. T. O'Connell taor the defendant. The plaintiff, on being examined, de posesd that on the Friday betore Christmas he was sitting at thle dour of his house on the Lower Glasheen road, minding some pigs' food. His wile was at work within the house. He and his wife had been talk ing about ghosts and about the devil, and about hall-past 6 o'clock, while they were so talking, ' a queer thing " came up to the door. He screeched, for he. did not know what it was-he thought it was the doevil-(laustlter ). It bad a long neck, big legs, and a hump ever so big on its back. He screamed, but lie could not stir -he was so Irightened. It puts its long neck and two fore paws in, anrd crushed him against the side of the door with its shoulder. It got in a couple of feet inside tile threshold, and left the prints of its paws there. MSr Hayes: Why didn't it go in further ? Dessmond: Oh, sir, the hemp (laughter) - the hump was so big he coulsd not get in the door. (Renewed laughter). I got such a fright I was not able to eat as much in-three days as in one day before. (elucs laughter.) How did be get out? Ho backed out again the way be came in. I could do nothing to him. Cross-examined by AMr O'Connell: What did you think you had before you when you saw it? The devil. (Loud laughter.) I believe you had been talking about the devil? Maybe I wor. (Laughter). But were you? I war. (Muah laughter.) \What put the devil into your head that you had ban talking about hin !I Faith I could not tell you ; but what sort of a thing was it? Olt, sir, his neck was as long as treom tlis to that box (pointing amidst roars of laughter to a jury-box about 1511. front hims.) Had hu anyt'hihng about his neck? Faith ae had a hump on his back ever so big, und le had long legs, and eyes and a big mouth. (More laughter.) Do you see any thing in the court you could com pure him to? I don't then I'u suro; when lie came in the doorl would give ali ill the world to get him out of my sight. (Great laughter.) Did you get up off the chair ? Indeed then I didn't-a better masn thun me could not do it. (Rtenewed leught,.r.) Did you attsmpt to shaove him out I I did not try to shove him out; 1 did nothling at all to him, for I was alraid of sny life of him. Faith if you had bayonoes you could do notlhilg ;at all to hits. (Great laughter.) I was not able to go to work for Ibur days later, for I got a pain In my heart from him. (Roaurs of lauglhter.) Mrs Desmond (wife of thie laintiff) saold: My husband on toe night In question was minding some pigs' hoad at the door,and I was at work inside. All at once I hbeaurd a bitter screech out of him ; I looked down and I isw a thing "a blow" mo witll his neck stretched oin as ftr as he could stretchlit. ' Oh," say , ,I " pray to Almighty God for it's nothing good." (Laughter.) "May the Lord rtesnvo our soul," san aI, and I fell down on my knees in a fit, (Roars of laughter.) Did you ever see the like of it beforu ? Oh, ao, sir. What happened thlan? The boys about the plueo took it away. Cross examined by Mr O'Connell: What were ,you talking about when the anitmal came to the door? My husband was blaming oa for being out so long, and tie was talking about ghosts and the devil. Whlen i looked and raw the onimal, says I "It is the devil is there now surely," (Shouts of laughter.) Mlr Hayes: That is the defenco at the other side your worsheip-that it was the devil there and not the camel. (Laughter.) d r Gregg; Didn't your husband uoy to you just before, ".The devil take you." Witness : Ha did, sir. lAr O'Connell: Is he in the habit of talking about the devil? Well, heo was, sir; he was :oo of teln n his ouuth, as I often told him. (Laughter.) Didn't you think it a just judgmeunt oai Itm that the devil should make his:appearance to see him under those circuumstances? Wishn, I suplpose it was air. He as oafter calling on him too often, andi it was serving him right. (Laughter.) Has he been talking about the devil since? He- has not sir. (Laughter.) His worship considered the plaintiff had received damages on the occa.iou, and gave a decree for £3.-Q. Times. 