LOVING TO THE LAST/ A great many readers will concur in our opinion that women are, in fact, the most inconsequential, unreasonable beings ; and every day fresh instances of this truth appear. Only this morning we saw a drunken shoemaker thrust his weakly wife through a first floor window into the street. It chanced she was nob killed nor even hurt, . and when she was assisted to her feet tke . only mark she bore was the cut on her tore head her husband had madfc just before he tried to break her neck. To see this poor, delicate, ill-treated being immediately after trying to soothe her blackguard lord and master, to witness the little- abasements and arts by which she sought to win him back to better humour— it was a sight to make the angels weep. The half clad woman in the filthy lane caressing the ugly brute who had just nuag her out of window was an episode worthy of the nvartyrology. It was fche very noblest Christianity, but it would not, per haps, have lost by the additional element of a policeman. Newspaper Amenities. — Most of our readers have some notion of the genial man ner in which the San Francisco News-Letter is conducted, of the real wit of the editor (said to be Marck Twain), and of the ameni ties observed toward rival journalists. About the time when Sir John Coleridge was be moaning the poverty of the language in ?erms applicable to the claimant, the editor tf our antipudean contemporary was speak ng thus : — ' We regard the Chronicle's itrocious correspondent as an infernal fiend, i false-tongued midnight monster, a red uvnded assassin, a thief, a he school-marm, a iraucl, a ghost, and an unpleasant person I We. esteem him a peagreeri: demon ofi the| steaming pit, with a cottonwood tail, eyes mi his sides, and a cork neck studded with1 hot. .door-knobs !? If there is anything worse than' 'this, we thinJc him that.' The' Bar Bhould .subscribe to the News-Letter. ! j A gifted Frenchman, Thierry, has said; that injured nations have long memories.: An -illustration of the truth of this has just occurred in Poland, which country was ' par titioned' by Eussia, Prussia, and Austria in February, 1 772. To com memorate this great crime, committed by three royal robbers against a brave and gallant nation, the mem bers of the Polish National Society at Lem berg have issued a manifesto in which they say— r' We must always remember,' as if writr tenjn fiery letters, the date of the first par tition of Poland. The secular anniversary of this fatal event occurs on the 6th of February, 1872, and we hope all our Polish brethren will observe that day by mourning and devout prayers .to the Almighty for the shortening of our sufferings. W e must show the world that one hundred years' oppression and division (into provinces have not been able to: eradicate the spirit of national unity. 'We appeal above all to the ladies, who will no doubt discountenance any. pleasurable entertainment and dancing on that day. The Russian Government, in order to coun teract the effect; of. this document, has issued orders that its officials^, shall mark the day by festive entertainments, to which they are to in rite Poles, and they are to note the names of those who decline to attend. What a gift some governments have for in venting mental as well as bodily punishment for those whom they oppress. , How to Put Children to Bed.— Not with a reproof for any of that day's sins of omission or commission. Take any other time but bedtime for that. ; If you; ever heard a little creature sighing or sobbing in its sleep you never could do this., Seal their closing eyelids with a kiss and a blessing.. The time will come, all too soon, when they will lay their heads upon their pillows lack ing both. Let them, then, at least have this sweet memory of a happy childhood, of which no future sorrow or trouble can rob them. Give them their rosy youth._ Nor need this involve wild licence. The judici ous parent will not mistake my meaning. If you have ever met the man or woman whose eyes have suddenly filled when a child has crept tenderly to its mother's breast, you may have seen one in whose childhood's home dignity and severity stood where love and pity should have been.— Fanny Fern. 