WEDNESDA Y, MARCH 13, 1872. The new drawback regulations as- sented to by the Governor-in-Council on Monday last, which were published in yesterday's Argus, are a great im- provement upon those previously in operation, whilst at the same time they are far more in consonance with the requirements of the intercolonial trade. When the first series of regulations'and Ihe table of drawbacks were gazetted, we pointed out the very great mis- takes which had been made and how entirely the Commissioner of Trade and Customs had failed to meet the necessi- ties of the large export trade which had been so successfully opened up between Victoria and the neighbouring colonies. The representations then made by this journal appear to have been productive of good results, for many of the errors which were then indicated have been fectified, and the regulations are alto- gether of a much more liberal character ijhan those which we felt bound to condemn. Î The old regulations were published at the commmencement of the year, and we then pointed out that no drawback whatever was allowed on a variety of goods which, In fact, constituted the leading articles in the trade of our ware- housemen with the other colonies. Thus, dn blankets, which paid a duty of 10 per cent.; on counterpanes, which paidfromlO tp 20 per cent.; on haberdashery, which paidfromlO to 20 per cent.; on hats, caps, and bonnets, which paid 20 per cent. ; and on other articles, which were charged with a high Ud valoi em duty, no allowance whatever was made upon their exportation from the colony, The drawbacks were therefore of very little use, because, when the principal articles of trade were excluded from their operation, it was a matter of very secondary importance whether any al- lowance at all was or was not made upon a' number of trifling things which were not likely to figure largely in any ordi- nary aBsorted invoice. Very many of these evils have now been rectified, and we give the Government all credit for attending to the representations which Sere so strongly made to them, pon blankets and blanketing an allowance of 6J per cent, has been made, whilst upon articles of dress, hats, caps, and bonnets, and a variety ojf things known as millinery, upon which a duty of 20 per cent, has been paid, a drawback of 10 per cent, is allowed ; and upon all apparel, slops, and articles made in Victoria, chiefly of Im- ported material, an allowance of 5 per cent, has been made on expsrtation. This is an increase of 1 per cent, on the previous rate, and accords with the request of the warehousemen and the recommendations of The Argus. j The new regulations, instead of in- juring will rather be likely to Improve trie revenue, because they will lead to trie increase of trade; and they are so framed as always to leave a balance in the hands of the Government as between tile duties levied in the first instance ana the drawbacks allowed on exporta- tion. Thus, take £100 worth of flannel or blanketing, the duty comes to 11 per cent., and the profit added on the invoice to 25, making the total value £136, which sum the purchaser from another colony would, in! the ordinary run of business, be re- quired to pay. Upon the ¿£136 a drawback of 6 J per cent, will be granted under the new regulations. This will amount to something under £8 10s., lekving a clear profit of over £2 10s. per ceint, to the Government, because all the expense of repacking, and of the attend- ance of Custom-house officers, will have to be borne by either the seller in thie colony or the purchaser from another we imagino the latter, because he will receive all the benefit of the drawback. Upon goods manufactured in the colony from imported material, the drawback will be equally satisfactory, as it will in fact amount to about 3s. out of every 4s. paid for duty. The greatest concession, however, which the Government has made is that which permits of drawbacks being granted on open stock repacked from free warehouses under the supervision of the CuBtom-house authorities. This will be a great boon, although the pro- cess is inevitably cumbersome and expensive. There are, no doubt, many things which yet require remedying, but the Government have very materially improved upon their first drawback ex- periment ; arid if we cannot enjoy the great blessing of free trade pure and simple, then the next best thing is such a system of drawbacks as will reduce the incubus upon our intercolonial trade to a minimum. There appears to be this striking dif- ference between European and colonial statesmen, that whereas the former will forego or relinquish power rather than sacrifice their convictions upon great questions of fiscal policy, the latter will cheerfully relinquish their convictions upon all such subjects in order to obtain or to retain place. M. THIERS has been a consistent protectionist all his life, and he is so firmly wedded to the obsolete and retrogressive principles of French and English Toryism, that when one of the leading features of his tariff is rejeoted by the National Assembly, he resigns the presidency of the Republic. It was proposed by his Minister of Finance to impose import duties on some of the most important of the raw materials consumed in the tex . tile manufactories of the country. This excited great opposition in the chief centres of industry, and was firmly negatived by the Assembly. Judging from the tenour of M. THIERS' speech, the blood of the fiery little Provençal must have been fairly roused, for he was betrayed into an angry diatribe against the commercial trea- ties of 1860, stigmatising them as i detestable and intolerable, and de 'claiing that they had proved hostile to ( the true interests of France. The Pre- sident, however, waB guilty of making assertions in his wrath which cooler reflection must have admonished him were utterly at variance with fact. Opportunely enough, the Cobden Club in England has just issued a pamphlet, in which the operation of the treaty with England is examined and displayed ; the information necessary for this purpose being extracted from the "Annals of Foreign Trade," published by the French Ministry of Commerce. Its accuracy is therefore unimpeachable. Taking the general commerce of France -which includes all importations and exportations-we find that, in the year '1868, it represented a total value of £324,560,000, as against £216,560,000 in 1859, the year preceding the com- mercial reforms commenced in 1860. Here, then, we have a total increase of £108,000,000 during the decennial period embraced between the two dates. As regards special commerce, which includes importations for consumption only and exportations of French pro- duce and manufacture only, there was an increase of £92,880,000 in the transactions of 1868 over those of 1859. It ia a favourite device of the mora gnorant of the French protectionists to declare that England has reaped greater advantages from the commercial treaty of I860 than their own country. Here, again, they are completely at fault, as will be seen by the following trade accounts of the two quinquennial periods of 1855-9 and 1865-9 respectively : ' IMPORTS FItOM FRANCE. 1655 59. 1865 69. 1 Increase. L^ £12 528,219 | £33,9G0,099 | £21,631,880 I 175 EXrOJlTS TO FRANCE. 1855-59. 1805 C9. Increase. Per cen*~. £10.204,788 I £24 353.265 | £14.148 477 1 139 These figures, however, do not ad- equately measure the benefits conferred upon France by the treaty, for this reason, that whereas the French trade with England constitutes as much as one-fourth of the whole foreign trade of France, English trade with the latter country forms only one-tenth of the aggregate foreign trade of the mother country. 1 Turning for a moment to the shipping trade of France, it is necessary to re- mind our readers that her navigation laws were not relaxed until 1866, when h'er ports were thrown open to the mercantile marine of foreign countries on condition of reciprocity, while 3 number of minor restrictions were removed. Sufficient time, therefore, has nbt elapsed to admit of that expansion of the shipping interest which always follows the substitution of free trade for protection. That an increase has taken' place will be manifest from the following figures, ßhowing the total tonnage engaged in 1858 in French trade, and In 1868, respectively: 1858. 1868. , Tons. Foreign trade ...I 5,924,506 Colonial trade ...I 625,252 CoastiDg trade ..J 6,234,610 Total ... ..J 12,784.368 Tons. 9,513,514 1,011,211 5,498,248 16,022,973 During the same period the steam tonnage of France had more than doubled. In the foregoing comparison it| will be observed that a decrease had taken place in the coasting trade of the country, and in that only. " Thereby "'hangs a tale." That trade is still, with some unimportant exceptions, ex- clusively reserved to French navigation, and hence, lacking the incentive of fo- reign competition, it declines instead of advances. Such, then, are the fruits of the "detestable and intolerable" commercial treaty of 1860, and euch have been the effects of it on the true interests of France; while its success as a fiscal experiment is demonstrated by the fact that the total receipts from customs duties and indirect t;axes were greaterby two millions sterling in 1868 than they were in 1859. Whatever may have been the sins of the ex-EiiPEBOK, bis economical views wore sound, and it is deplorable to find the most eminent man in France at the present time so obstinately wedded to the venerable de- lusions of * protection as to threaten to abdicate his trust if he is thwarted in this respect. Possibly, however, this waa not the only reason actuating him. H. THIERS la compelled, it is said, to avow that he despairs of the Republic. The country is so torn in pieces by con- tending factions-by the rival ambi- tions jjf. the Imperialists, the Orleanists, and *-MSJ Irreconcilables, that the only guarantee for the maintenance of law and order is sorrowfully admitted to be the prolonged occupation of France by a German army. If the con- versation which is reported to have taken place between M. THIERS and M. de ROTHSCHILD actually occurred, it is the most painful confession of the anarohical condition of affairs in that country which could possibly be wrung from the reluctant lips of an aged states- man, familiar by experience with all sorts of national calamities, from the occupation of Paris in 1814 to the burning of that city by some of its own citizens in 1871. Nothing had been heard of the English mail up to the hour at which Tlie Argus wont to press. During the absence of the Chief Secretary from town the business of his office will be administered by Mr. Grant Sir James M'CulIoch is not to be allowed to leave our shores without some mark of respect from those with whom he has been so long both commercially and politically connected. Some 40 gentlemen-amongst whom were the Hon. J. G, Francis, the lion. J. A. Mac- pherson, Mr. Geo. Higinbotham, Mr, C. E. Bright, and several of tho leading merchants of the city-met yesterday at Scott's Hotel, and it was then unanimously resolved to present the late Premier with a service of plate prier to his departure for the old country. Those present formed themselves into a committee to carry out the object of the meeting, and we understand it was deter- mined to limit the subscription to £5 each. His Worship the Mayor of Melbourne oc- cupied the chair. A dinner was given last evening, at Scott's Hotel, by the merchants of Melbourne to Mr. Vi. H. Webb, the promoter of the California mail service. The company numbered CO, -and there were representatives from various leading mercantile houses. Mr. Stevenson, president of the Chamber of Commerce, was chairman. It appeared from the Speeches of Mr. 0 'Grady, the Minister of Public WorkB, Mr. Webb, and Mr. Vogel, the Treasurer of New Zealand .that satisfactory arrangements had been enl torcd into relativo to the service, and Mr. Webb seemed to be fully aware of the importance of making Melbourne the port of departure for his steamers. A number of toasts were drunk ;-" The health of thoir esteemed guest," "The Government of Vic- toria," "The visitors," and "Perpetualfriend- ship to the Anglo Saxon race throughout the world," were the principal. A memorial was yesterday presented to the Minister of Lands, praying that certain lands at Echuca advertised for sale by auction might be withdrawn with a view to selection. Mr. Grant promised that the land should bo withdrawn from sale. A brigade order has been issued to metro- politan volunteer corps, intimating that the allowance granted to officers commanding corps in aid of expenses connected with the Easter muster will bo £2 per day of 24 hours for transport. For each man present with his corps Gd, per meal por day will bo allowed. The Treasurer has made arrange- ments by which the corps from Warrnambool, Portland, and Belfast will bo taken to Melbourne and back by trading steamers at the rate of 10s. per man each way. At the officers' parade foriostruction in field duty, in the Eastern-hill orderly-room on tho evening of the 13th inst, undress uniform will be worn, non-commissioned officers retaining their side arms. Mr. Mason, M.L.A, and Mr. H. J. John- stone, visited the Lands department yesterday -to renew a formor application for a site on tho Eastern-hill for the Victorian Academy of Art, on which it is proposed to erect an exhibition and class rooms, The assistant commissioner promised to recommend the site named for favourable consideration, but mentioned that the Water Supply department must first remove tho pipes now on it. We learn that the banks have reduced tho late of discount and intorest fully 1 per cent.i the minimum charge for bills at throe months' being 5 per cent., at four months 6 per cent., and over that period 7 per cent The minimum for overdrafts will be 8 per cent. Interest is to bo allowed at 3 per cent for 12 months', and 2J per cent, for six months' de- posits, but there will be no allowance for deposits at any shorter period. From the Post office notices it will be per- ceived that the departure of the Californian mail has been postponed. Packets and news- papers may now be posted up to noon on tho 14th inst., and letters up to 1 p.m. on the same day. The Juries of Twolve Court was occupied during the greater part of yesterday in trying a case of Lyons v. The Queen. Lyons is a -well-to-do farmer near Kyneton, who selected some land in the county of Normanby five or six years ago. To entitle him to his Crown grant he had to make improvements to a certain value, and these improvements he declared he had made. The Board of Land and Works were not satisfied with this declaration, and refused the grant, lyons then filed a bill in equity, to which the thon Government (Sir James M'Culloch's) pleaded several defences. It appears, however, that when the present Administration took office all theso defences wore abandoned -except one-whether the improvements had been made-aud this question was left for -trial by a jury. The witnesses for the plain, tiff were examined yesterday, and those for the Crown will be examined to-day. Owing to several of the causes set down for hearing being withdrawn, the business of the -Juries of Four Court was quickly transacted yesterday. The case of M'Gracltnv. Wood, an interpleader issue to try the right to goods seized under a writ of, execution, terminated in a verdict for the plaintiff. King v. Johnson, an action of ejectment to obtain possession of some property in Latrobe and King streets, also had a similar result. A suspicion having arisen as to the exist- ence of Mr, Lowe, who was said to be the attorney in the action of Glampill v. Blair, an offshoot of the recent action of Olarson v. Mair, the defendant's attorney served a notice requiring Mr. Lowe to acknowledge that he had issued the writ A reply was received, purporting to come from Mr. Lowe, but Mr. Ramsay (defendant's at torn^rV'tts still dissatisfied, and issued a summons, returnable before Mr. Justice Barry, requiring Mr. Lowe to acknowledge the writ. In support of tho application an affidavit was made that a clerk had several times called at what was said to be Mr Xowe's office, in Little Collins-streefc, but could never find him ; that there was only a boy in the room, who knew nothing of his whereabouts ; and that a person named Wilton, who professed to be LOWO'B managing clerk, had been known to swear affidavits in the name of Patey. The case came before Mr. Justice Barry on Friday last, but it was post- poned till Saturday, when an affidavit was banded in purporting to be sworn by Mr. Lowe. His Honour asked why Mr. Lowe did not appear, and was told he had important business at ¿Sandridge, The case was accord- ingly again postponed till yesterday, when Mr. Lowe put in an appearance, and acknow- ledged the writ against defendant to be issued by him. His Honour was satisfied with, this ; but, in order to speed the action, the plaintiff was directed to issue the declaration (the statemerit of her causo of action) within a week. The nomination of candidates for the vacancy in the representation oE Victoria Ward, in tho City Conncil, caused by the resignation of Councillor Reilly, took place yesterday at the Victoria-hall, Drummond street, Carlton. The following wore nomi- nated :-James Francis Arnold, auctioneer, of Elgin-street ; Adam Kennedy, builder, of Canning-street ; and Martin Fitzgerald, gentleman, of Madeline-street. Mr, Arnold called for a show of hands, which resulted as follows:-For Mr. Arnold, 23; for Mr. Kennedy, 22 ; and for Mr. Fitzgerald, 4. Mr. Kennedy demanded a poil, and Friday, the 15th instant, was appointed the polling day. Alderman O'Grady presided. The quarterly mooting of the City Licensing Bench was continued yesterday, vrhon all the postponed cases wore disposed of except one, which was further postponed fora week. At the meeting of the Foreign Industries and Forests Commission held yesterday, there was little done beyond reading the correspondence. The preparation of the progress report was considered, and there was some discussion ofl to the form it should assume, but tho question was allowed to stand over for a week, in the hope that by the end of that time the chair, man would have returned to town. The members present wore Dr. Thoa. Black (in the chair), the Hon. Captain Cole, Baron von Mueller, Mr, Brough Smyth, and Mr. Ramsay. The attendanco at the Victoria Hotel was much better yesterday than it has beon for some time, and a good deal of business on the approaching A. J. C. autumn meeting was done. As usual, however, it was principally in doubles on tho St. Leger and Gold Cup, and Gold Cup and Melbourne Cup. Many who would have speculated in the first-named double were deterred (from doing so by the uncertainty attending the St. Leger, in con- sequence of the date at which the race is run having been altered. If one of the favourites wins the racéis almost certain to be disputed, sothatmanyof those who feolinclmedtospecu late decline the risk. Hamlet, Javelin, and Prophet are the most fancied, tho first-named colt being quoted at even against the fletd ; the two others are at 3 to 1. Warrior is coming to the front, and ho was taken freely in the double event of Sydney Gold Cup and 1 Melbourne Cup, with King of the Bing for the latter race. His price for the Gold Cap is 100 to 12, and it is very likely ho will see much shorter odds. Barbolle, Count, and Sir William have all been freely selected in doubles. Barbollo is at 100 to 10, Count and Sir William at 100 to 8, Pyrrhus he,s not been speculated upon, though in Sydney he is much fancied. Warrior, Misty Morn, Blue Peter, and Hamlet were shipped for Sydney yesterday by the s.s. You Yangs, Brownie has been scratched for his Kyneton engage, ments. There has not been any business done on this meeting, as at present it is very difficult to select the starters. ? The following entries for the handicap races to be run on Saturday next, on the Melbourne Cricket ground, on tho occasion of the Five-mile Race between Frank Hewitt and Young Bedford, were made lost evening, at the Prince of Wales Hotel :-150 Yards Ilandicap.-W. Filgate, G. Miller, A. Fulton, H. Thompson, M. Mahoney, C. A, Gould, J P. Crotty, H. Guy, R. Williamson, S. Houla han, C. Barrass, F. Evelyn, J. Pashley, W. Pentecost, J., Stewart. Mile Handicap.- W. Sansom, T. Prendergast, F. Vicary, J.Thomos, M. Mahoney, M. Higgins, H. Guy, S. Brooks, J. Rowan, J. S. Smith, J. M'Donald, W. Pentecost, D. P. Lawrence, J. Stewart, W. J. Cudden, J. Hendorson. Milo Walking Match. -W. Lyall, R. S. Bissett, J. M'Cann, W. Buck, G. W. Dosten. At the inquost on the body of Richard Heal?/, fouud ia tho Yarra lrvab Qnbui.ltcft.y, au open verdict of "Found drowned" was re turned. The second annual exhibition o£ the Vic- torian Academy of Arts, which will be opened on Friday next, promises to be a great im- provement on the exhibition of last year, both as to number and quality of the exhibits. About 200 pictures have been received, and several more are expected from the neigh- bouring colonies, particularly from New Zea- land, where Mr. Gully has painted four landscapes for this exhibition. At the late exhibition of the kindred society in Sydney, the first prize was taken by a Victorian artist, though only two pictures wero sent up. The exhibition will bo held at 105A Collins- street east, in every way a better position than where it was held last year. The weekly meeting of tho committee of the Melbourne Hospital was held yesterday. Present-Mr. Hart (chairman), Messrs. Gibbs, Phillips, Aarons, Dickson, Levy, Heinecke, Irving, Hodgson, and Dr. Motherwell. The state of the institution for tho week ending 9fch March was reported to be as follows : In- patients admitted, 63 ; out-pationts, new cases, 200 ; casualties, 212 ; total for the week, 475 ; deaths, 6 ; discharged, 65 ; number of patients in hospital, 354. Dr. Addison, one of the resident physicians, sont in his resignation of tho office ho held, and at the same time offered his thanks to the committee for the kindness and consideration they had always shown to him during the two years and a half ho had been connected with the institution. The resignation was accepted, tho election of a successor fixed for Tuesday, the 2nd April, and the secretary instructed to advertise for candidate». On the motion of Mr. Aarons, payments to the amount of £1,438 9s. 3d. were authorised for the past month. Mr. Irving brought forward the following resolu- tion, for the purpose of settling a matter about which there had been some misunder- standing- " That it boan instruction to the resident medical staff that any person present- ing an order for admission from any membur of the honorary staff is at once to be admitted as an in-patient," The motton was agreed to, and the committee adjourned. A sale of Crown lands was hold yesterday at Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett, and CO.'E rooms. The land catalogued was not verj valuable, and the attendance was therefore limited. The lots offered were town lots, a( Nillumbik and Dandenong. For those al Nillumbik thore was very little demand, and only two were Bold at the upset price. Th< land at Dandenong realised satisfactory rates, but as the total proceeds of the salt amounted to only £36 0s. Od., the businesi transacted was almost nominal. John Hamilton Brown, a man of 75, sum móned a young man named Wm, Hy. Jordan to the District Court yesterday, for an un lawful assault. Tho old man had a daughte of some 25 summers, whom the young mai loved, but the young man's wooing was na favoured by the old man, who had forbiddei bis visits, and one night when the coupl wero cooing in the verandah at about 1 o'clock, the father came down stairs and shu them out. The lover went to the door, an rang the bell in order that the giri might h let in, when the enraged parent impetuous] bobbed out with a candle in his hand, an this candle being met by the under pal of the lover's chin, singed and greased th lover's beard and burnt his neck. The ol man complained that he was then assaulto by the lover, and showed marks on his arm and also called two witnesses, who said thi the young man had abused the old one. Th fair cause of the dispute said her father wi hot tempered, and burned the defendant chin, and it was urged on the defendant behalf that it was very hard that he coul not go to the house to court tho chosen one. Mr. Call, P.M., said that whoever might have commoncod the row, the de- fendant had no right to be at tho house after he was forbidden to go there, and further, that as the girl paid scarcely any- thing, as had been said, towards the main- tenance of tho house, she must, while she stayed at home, bo uuder her father's control. She was over age, and could leave, if she wished to act in opposition to him, but while there .she should obey him. Tho defendant Jordan was fined £3, with 40s costs. The dispute between P. J. Martin, brewer, and Patrick Keogh, publican, as to the posses- sion of the Mechanics' Arms Hotel, Little Collins-street east, which was mentioned a short time ago as the scene of a forcible entry, cropped np in the District Court yesterday. Mr. (Martin summoned Keogh for wilful trespass, in refusing to leave the hotel when ordered, and James Joseph Godkin sum- moned Keogh for assault. Tho defendant did not appear, being, it was stated, in prison for debt, and Mr. Call, P.M., after hearing tho ovidence for the prosocution, asked if a fine in one of tho cases would satisfy the other side. Tbo other side said they would be satisfied with that, and choso to have a verdict in the assault case. The charge of trespass was thorofore dismissed, and a fine of £5, with £5 5s. costs, or a month in gaol, was recorded against Keogh for the as- sault. The cabman's practice of " duck-shoving," as it is called by themselves-that is, hawking a passenger about the street at night-was brought under the notice of the District Court yesterday, when Geo. Hope, of Fitzroy, was summoned to produce the driver of cab No. 676, who was charged with charging ex- cessive fare. The complainant, Ludovic Marie, wanted to go to Carlton in a hurry at a quarter to 12 one night, and got into cab No. 676, the driver of which hawked him about for 20 minutes without going to Carlton, and then said he must have an extra fare. Marie gave him half a crown, and wanted back the regular change at the rate of 3d. for the journey, but the cabman charged 6d. and returned him the change accordingly. Marie gave him back the change, saying he must have his proper change or none, and that he would summon him, whereupon the cabman drove off with the half-crown, giving no change at all and leaving the passenger only a few hundred yards from where he had started. Mr. Call said that when a cabman took a passenger he must go the regular journey with him, and fined the defendant 10s., with 10s. costs. A very destitute loafer named John Kennj was taken before the City Bench yesterday bj Constable Dalton on a charge of vagrancy Ho had been seou stealing ducks, but th< owner, a poulterer in the Eastern Market did not attend to prosecute, having hac enough trouble already with thioves. Constable Dalton said the man had stones in his pocket and told him that next time he was going tt arrest him ho might erect a gallows, as ht would be wanted for something deserving tht gibbet. The man was penniless, not ever having the stump of a cigar or anythinj usually found on loafers, and he was st destitute that ho would steal anything He was sent to gaol for two months' hart labour. Henry Hiller and Bridget Hiller, the coupli who were arrested some days ago on a chargi of stabbing and wounding Helena Green aut Walter Whyett, who had been in the hospital were taken beforo the City Court yesterday Evidence was givon that after some words thi female Hiller broke Helena's head with i brick, and that when Whyett, who lived witl her, went to her assistance, he was stabbec in the foot by Henry Hiller. Bridget Hille: also brandished au axe and a tomahawk This was on the 5th inst, and tho injuree persons had been out- patients of the hospita since. The two Hillers wore given a goot character. The Bench sent thom to gaol fo three months' hard labour each. On Monday ovening a cockatoo, valued a £10, was missed from outside the door of i fruiterer in Elizabeth-street, named Georg Yi'lJJfe, aii4 a Iilcuil u£ lbs vnuui uUMUlUg I strange man carrying a cage containing ; cockatoo, which seemed to recognise him spoko to Wing about it. The man with th bird was followed and found, and Win, identified his feathered pet, whereupon th man was givon in charge for stealing tin cockatoo. At the City Court yostorday th man, who gave tho name James Watson, sail ho bought the bird from a stranger, bu when he found the excuse would not hold ho pleaded that this was his first offence Boing told that this was admitting the theft he said he meant that this was the firs time he had appeared in court Ho electet to be dealt with by the Bencb, aud wa sentenced to three months' imprisonment. At the Fitzroy Police Court yestorday a bo; named James Davidson was charged witl robbing a shop. It was proved that the pri soner, accompanied by some associates wont into the shop of a hairdresser in S mitt street, and took from tho counter about 1811 woight of tobacco, which he handed to one c his friends, who ran off with the prizt Davidson was caught, but the other, escaped with the tobacco, which wo ultimately found somewhere in Smith-streo1 The prisoner pleaded guilty, but the case wa remanded for a week in order that a searc might be made for his accomplices. At th samo court a young man named Patrie Curley wosr sentenced to a month's ia piisonment for stealing a pair of boots froi the shop of Thos. Tame, Brunswick-stree Two young girls, named Lucy and Angelin Talbot, were brought up as neglectod childrei Their father was in gaol, undergoing a sei tence for larceny, and their mother could n< support them. They were sent to the Indu trial Sohools for seven years. Two of the prisoners at present confined in the central gaol were flogged yesterday after- noon. One of them was Ah Sam, a Chinaman who was sentenced by the Chief Justice, at Ballarat, on the 4th March, for an unnatural offence, to six years' imprisonment, and three floggings of 30 lashes each, to be inflicted during the first, third, and sixth months of his imprisonment The other was Joshua A. Reilly, a youth about 15 years of age, who was sentenced by the Chief Justice at Ballarat on the 10th February for an at- tempt to commit a felonious assault, to six months' imprisonment and three whippings of 12 lashes each. The punishment was the first of the series ordered to each of the prisoners, and it told severely on them both. There was a large attendance of gentium at the annual salo of Mr. M'Dougall's sho horns, which was held at that gentlemai farm, near Essondon, yestorday afternoc The 12 young bulls realised the handsoi average price of £10b 2s. One of them though only a calf-brought 145 guineas. ] is the first calf of the celebrated bull Fie marshal Bootb, bought by Mr. M'Dougall England when six months old for the sum 800 guineas. The 2G heifers averaged i 14s llAd. The stock were in excellent con tion, and in several instances a good profit 1 been offered to tho purchasers. The Rev. Chorlos Onions re delivered lecture " Napoleon III." last evening at l Town-hall, undor the auspices of the Eai Closing Association. His Worship the Ma; of Melbourne presided, and there was a fai large audience. The career of the Emperor of tho French was sketel in vigorous and- eloquent language, o the principal events of his varied s adventurous life brought into full prominerj The causes that led to the last great war, t contributed to the overthrow of his dynat were succinctly explained, and the horror the terrible struggle were vividly depicl The rev. lecturer was listened to with greatest interest, and was frequently plauded. On the motion of Mr. J. M'Koau, seconded by Mr. Taylor, a vote of thanks to Mr. Onions was carried by acclamation. At the Heidelberg Police Court on Monday —before Messrs. Strutt, P.M., Studley, and Ricardo, J. P.'s—John Roe was charged by Mary Shanks, a married woman residing with her husband at Templestowe, with having criminally assaulted her on the 7th inst. She stated that at about sunset she met the man in a small paddock near the Templestowe Hotel, and offered him an account he owed her husband, but he would not take it, and saying she should have the account and a pound beside, stopped her mouth and tried to throw her down. She got away with her mouth bleeding and clothes torn, and cried for help. He ran, and she followed him, beating him with her sun-bonnet. Her daughter, 11 years old, and her husband gave evidence as to seeing the man running away, and Mrs. Shanks chasing him beating him with her sun-bonnet. Her mouth was bleeding. Information was given to the police, who arrested Roe the same night. At Roe's request the case was adjourned for a week for the attendance of a witness for the defence, who was up-country. Bail allowed in £200. The vintage on three of the vineyards on the Barrabool Hills has commenced, but owing to the oidium which has this year affected the vines, tbo yield is notexpoctod to bo more than half that of last yoar. The Black Princo varioty has more particularly suffered from this cause. A schoolmistress keoping an establishment in Sydney-terraco, Canning-street, Carlton, at the District Court yesterday summoned W. C. Mumby, of Sturt street, Ballarat, for £6 2s. 8d. for the tuition and board and lodging of his children, girls and boys. Hor name was Catharine Shillinglaw, and it appeared that the defendant took his children abruptly away from her school in consequence of what he heard about the manner in which the place was conducted. She therefore put £1 extra on the bill in lieu of a month's notice, and Mr. Mumby altogether thought the bill so exorbitant that ho only offered to pay £3. Ho was therefore summoned for the whole amount. The schoolmistress admitted that sho bad frequently sent the children to a publicbouse to get drink for her, sometimes twice or three times a day. Tho drink was ordered by the doctor for her, and she never gave the children any. When sho sent for beor she only got 3d. worth ata time. Com- plaints had been made to Mr. Mumby that a mau who visited the house at night went through the children's room ; and Mr. Call, P.M., said that he was quite satisfied that Mr. Mumby was justified in taking his children away without notice. The case was dismissed without costs, on the agreement that the amount promised-£3-should be paid, 'On Sunday night last the residence of Miss Swanwick, at Geelong, waa entered while the family were at church, and a £10 note abstracted from a dressing- case. About Christmas last the same premises wore found open on the return of Miss Swanwick from the country, a valuable ring having been taken away ; and as minor articles, such as pieces of music, have been taken on other occasions, it is presumed that the thief is not an ordinary housebreaker, but one ac- quainted with the movements of the inmates of the house. Major-General Halleck, who held an im- portant command in the Federal army in the American civil war, is dead. The Californian papers report that in the case of Laura D. Fair, the murderess of the Hon. Mr. Crittenden, the Supreme Court has decided in favour of a new trial on two legal points, one being that evidence was wrongly admitted as to the prisoner's character, and the other that her counsel was refused the right of making the closing speech. A New South Wales paper, the Cimvberland Mercury, devotes an article to the " Liverpool rood Ghost." It appears that " in the month ofj May, 1862, a pedlar was murdered at a certain part of the Liverpool road, near the junction of tho Dogtrap and Sydney roads, to which point the body was dragged. The uiuiuurur nu» uuvtn uocu mioDtca, uuu numerous accidents have from time to time occurred at the precise spot where the muti- lated remains of the pedlar were discovered. It ia a strange fact that not a few of the quietest horses in the district have taken fright at this spot, and in some instances serious accidents have been the result." Several instances are then quoted of accidents from horses and frights to human beings at this place, nnd the Mercury concludes :-" To write seriously, however, it is strange that so many accidents should have occurred at one particular part of the Liverpool road. The cause, however, must be looked for, not in the supernatural, but in the natural state of things." What appears to have been a fine specimen of tho octopod was caught at Belfast tho other day. The local correspondent of the Hamil- ton Spectator says :-" An unwelcome visitor, in the shape of a Victor Hugo devil-fish, made his appearance last week to the workmen omployed in the harbour improvements. A valuable little dog belonging to Mr. Bell, the inspector of Government works, was tackled by the intruder, and was rescued only with considerable difficulty. The combined efforts of two of the workmen resulted in this monster being brought to land, where it remained for several days an object of curiosity to the crowds who visited it. The power of this fish may be surmised from the fact that one of its dozen feelers attached itself to a stono weighing about 281b., and incredible as it may seem, was drawn from the water still clinging to the scone." "This 'suicidal month' appears to be prolific of disasters, and it would seem," says the Pleasant Creek News, " that its influence is becoming visible amongst ourselves. On Thursday evening last one of tho boys em- ployed at the Commercial Hotel was seized with a kind of mania, which prompted him to try and strangle another boy- a fellow servant at the same place. The cook, hearing a dis- turbance, rushed to the rescue, when the youth turned his attention to har, and attempted a similar operation. Ultimately the boy was taken away, and sent to his r »rents in a state of mania. Tho lad was, we hear, kicked on the head by a horse some time since, and this will probably account for the attack from which he is now suf- fering." Mr. Anthony Trollope's sketch of Queens- land society, as given in his letters to the Daily Telegraph, are not regarded with un- mixed satisfaction in that colony. The Brisbane Courier writes as follows:-"We fear that should another popular writer visit Rockhampton he will not moot with so hearty a welcomo as that given to the special commissioner of the Daily Telegraph. He will not be publicly feted or privately bored, as people will not again run the risk of entertaining unveracious writers un- awares. It must be confessed that Mr. Trollope was, in racing phraseology, a 'dead take-in.' Among the good advice which he gave under tho genial in- spiration of champagne was a rebuke to the local press. 'Hit hard as you please,' ho said, ' but write what at the time you feel to ' be the truth.' Comparing tho popular novelist's after dinner speech with his letter to the Daily Telegraph, we are constrained in all friendliness to say ' Physician, heal thyself.' " To such an extent has this feeling gone that we observe the " honorary secretary to the East Moreton Farmers' Association' has been empowered to " draw up the drafi of a reply to the misrepresentations con. tained in ' Antipodoan's ' letter," a document which no doubt Mr. Trollope will find per- fectly withering. The statement of the "American case," a; laid before the tribunal of arbitrators al Geneva, after setting out the particulars ol ho different vessels in respect to which com- pensation is claimed, concludes as follows : "TheUnited Statos, with confidence, assert that they have demonstrated that Great Britain failed to fulfil all the duties set forth in the three rules of the sixth article of the treaty, or recognised by the principles of international law, not Inconsistent with those rules, and they ask the tribunal to certify that fact as to the Florida and as to its tenders. Should the tribunal exercise the power con« ferred upon it by article VII. of the treaty, to award a sum in gross to be paid to the United States, they ask that in considering the amount so to be awarded, the losses of individuals in the destruction of their vessels and cargoes by the l'lorida or by its tenders, and also the expenses to .which the United States were put in pursuit of either of those vessels, may be taken into account." The Globe, in regard to Australian meat and servants'halls, writes:-"We are glad to perceive that the Australian meats are slowly but surely making their way. They would be invaluable to the poor were it only possible to overcome their prejudice and ignorance. In many households whore they appear at tho master's table they aro scouted in the kitchen. That admirable class the British sorvants, whoso parents probably are half starved in some wretched hovel in an agricultural county, in which they themselves passed their early years, turn up their noses at these excellent comestibles, which would be esteemed a delicacy if the price were a sovereign instead of sixpence a pound. Some of the experiences of ladies who are trying to induce these stupid people to adopt an inex- pensive and nutritious food aro very amusing. One who would havo been a credit to any of our embassies nearly caused a revolution in her household by forbidding the servants on any account to meddle with the tins, the contents of which were toogood and valuable to appear in tho servants' hall. Numerous tastings having been surreptitiously made, as was ex- pected, they found it delicious, as only for- bidden fruit is, and next day struck for the delicacy, which was supplied to them as a great favour. It would be surprising to those who, like most people, do not consider cold boiled mutton a cheerful or satisfying dish, to find how palatable the Australian mutton is, justas it is turnod out of the tin, for breakfast and luncheon," We bave received, somewhat behind date, a copy of the Nottingham Express, November 14, giving a detailed account of the first reading of Mrs. Walter Montgomery. The article commences by stating that "some idle rumours, put in circulation by sensa- tional American papors, as to Mrs. Mont- gomery's alleged antecedents, were entirely without foundation, as subsequent legal inquiries have demonstrated, Mrs, Mont .jCïïïiy, in fact, comes before the world, to gain by her own exertions the means of support which at the time of her marriage she might have felt well as- sured would have been otherwise amply provided." From the programme it ap- pears that Mrs. Montgomery read some Shakespearian scones and other pieces, amongst them "The Bells," which poem formed so popular a part of her husband's clecutionary repertoire. The very favourable notice given by the Express, while admitting that Mrs. Montgomery had some deficiencies, considers that "these defects, which will doubtless prove very temporary, and which are just such as might be expected in a novice, are more than counterbalanced by the solid weight of rich material and abundance of resource which Mrs. Montgomery pos- sesses. Her'physique is of the grand type. She is tall in stature, classic in countenance, and majestic in bearing-in fact a model for a sculptor. Her voice is at once reüned and powerful and of great compass, and only fails, if it really does fail (for we do not know what may be made of it), in airiness and witchery of tone. Certainly there is no lack of sweetness, or softness, or tenderness when the emotions to bo expressed require these qualities. In the only song set down for ber, the lightness, delicacy, fulness, and flexibility of Mrs. Montgomery's tone-foi lnninrr na if- rlirl snrrm srmrlrlinr? dînlnr/nn confirmed tho opinion that she possesses an organ quite capable of exquisite expression even in the lighter humours of sontiment, and the more tender moods of passion. But to make the best of her gifts Mrs. Montgomery requires study and prac- tice." In regard to "The Bells" we read) "The reading of the 'Bells,' in which Mr. Montgomery so conspicuously excelled, must have been regarded by those who knew his pre-eminence in the recital of the poem, perilous for his widow to attempt ,* but, to say tho truth, she seemed to have caught Mont- gomery's inspiration, giving the sharpness oi twang, the swell and subsidence of sound, and the peculiar humming effect of bell music with almost her husband's perfection, though in a softer quality of tone." Readers .will recollect that a notice since this stated that Mrs. Montgomery had returned te America, and was living with hor husband, but whether it was mentioned with which of the alleged claimants to that position we de not at present remember. The number of visitors to the National Museum of natural history and geology foi the week ending March 0 was 11G7. It bas been arranged with Mr. Coppin bj tho committee of the United Irish Benefit Societies, that a share of the receipts on Saturday evening next at the Theatre Royal shall be added to the profits of the St. Patrick'! Festival, and the whole will bo devoted te local charities. Mr. Chuck,''photographer, of tho Arcade, who is preparing an historical picture of the early residents m the colony for the Public Library, has added' to his collection a portrait of Captain Hovell, the gentleman who, it company with Captain Hume, was the firs! to 'enter the Port Phillip district overland fropi Sydney, in 1824. Mr. Chuck has taker an excellent carte-de visite of Captain Hovell of which he has sent us a copy. It will be seen from our advertising column! that Mr. D. Macdonald, a student rocentlj licensed by the presbytery of Melbourne, wil bo set apaTt by ordination to the New Hebridoi Mission, in tho Assembly-hall, this evening The Rev. Dr. Macdonald, and the Rov. Mr Inglis and Dr. Geddie, both missionaries fron these islands, are to take part in the services A collection will be takon up for the missions which it is hoped will be liberal Tho second monthly meeting of the Second North Melbourne Building and Invostmen Society was held at the offices, 00 Collins stree west, on Monday evening, Mr. Geo. Donald ii the chair. A sale of 30 shares to borrower! took place, realising a premium of £7 10s per' share. A number of now shares wer also taken up, and tho chairman announcoi that the society was now fairly launched, ant showed every indication of being as prosperou as the First North Melbourne. A conversazione was held at the William: toWnMechanics'Institute on Monday evening in aid of the funds of the local Choral Societj The hall was profusely decorated by an exhi bition of oil paintings and flowers, lent fo the' occasion by gentlemen residing in th borough. Some microscopic and stereoscopi views were exhibited. There were also elec trio and galvanic apparatus in charge of ai operator. In addition to these, some goo pieces of vocal and instrumental music wor given. The mayor of the borough (Mi Dowman) presided, there being over 35 persons present On Saturday evening last, Senior constabl Lawlor, who has boon stationed at Elthar for the last 13 years, and who is now bein removed to another quarter, was prosente with a testimonial, consisting of a handsom tea-service, which had been subscribed for b some of the residents in that district Th presentation took place in the Court-housi which was tolerably well filled, and was mad by Mr. Ford, J.P., who expressed the genen feeling of regret entertained at Mr. Lawlor removaL Mr. Lawlor, in reply, said the con pliment was unexpected, and to some oxter undeserved, inasmuch as he had done nothin moro than endeavour to faithfully perfori his duties. He admitted that having to lea\ Eltham, where he had spent the happie years of his life, was a great disappointmet to him. He could only tender his most sii cere tbanks for tho substantial expressic which he had just received of tho good-wi folt towards bim. 