ST. KILDA. Tho olection iu this constituency was con ducted very quietly, it being a forogono conclusion. Mr. Finn had not the ghost of a chance, and, as tho result proved, did not poll the number requisite — one-fifth of the votos polled by his opponent — to save him from the forfeit of his deposit-money. What makes ;he victory all tho more complete for Mr. Stephen is tho faot; that thero has nevor been such a large number polled before in tho constituency of St. Kilda for one candidate. The total number who voted for the Attor ney-General was 1933, only 323 recording for Mr. Finn, thus giving a majority of 1G10. Tho details are as follows: — Division. Stephen. Finn. St. Kilda West 178 ... 25 St. Kilda East 346 ... 78 Elsternwick 142 ... .21 South Yarra 608 77 Windsor 659 ... 122 Total 1933 ... 323 The numborB were announoed amid groat oheoring to a large orowd in front of the town hall, Prahran, at a quarter to six o'olook. Threo choers were enthusiastically givon for Air. Stephen. The hon. gentle man then appeared on tho steps loading to the hall and briefly thanked the electors for returning him by so largo a majority. Ho felt now that he had behind him the strength of noarly 2000 votes. Ho folt the responsibility which that implied, and did not think he should fall into the mistakes of his predeces sors, for he should feel impelled to work with all the greater energy and good faith from the strong backing up he had got. Tho electors had oome up and votsd well without the excitement of a downright contest, in order to show that they meant to have the country govorened honestly and intelligently and without sectarian differences. He understood that those who voted for him had done so as in favor of an nnseotarlan go vernment, and as such ho aocepted the ver- diot of tho constituency. (Cheers.) He called for a vote of thanks to the returning offioor, Mr. Fraser, which was given. There were some cries for Air. Finn, bnt that gentle man didlnot appear, and the orewd quietly dispersed. On tho last occasion Mr. Stephen polled 1437 votes, and Mr. Fellows 1312, as againat 804 given for Tullett and 757 for Allen. 