MISCELLANEOUS. TnACKEiiir AB A SnowMis.-Tlio monthly foeiip in the June number of LippiucoU't Magazine contains lilts story about Thackeray. Tears ago, when Thackeray was delivering hts lectures cf " Tho Georges," and the " Englúh Wits and Humourists," to large audience» in a Southern city, he asked a distinguished literary man what chance of success there would be in a certain other city not many milrs away. " I really don't know, Mr. Tbackcry," wos tho reply. "I ncrrr succeeded there. But I am nobody, and you are a great gun ¡ it seems to me you ought lo succeed anywhere. Still I Cannot conscicntoustly advise you to make the attempt ; you might possibly fuji, ond lay the blame on mc." Atter some reflection, he added, "Perhaps if you were to make o special lecture, compounded of the best mid most diverting parts ol two or moro of your series you might draw a tolerably good house But I will not guarantee anything." Thackeray thought the matter over, Accepted thc suggestion, made up the compound lecture, advertised, "bjllod the town," and went over. On hie return bis friend met him at flin oars, and, arter tho usual greet ting, said, " Well, sir, how did you make out?" " Oh 1" said Thackeray merrily, " I have boen playing the mountebank for 6d." " What do you mean by thal ?" " Tho night you know, was a wretched one, (he andiene« wos thin, not above 60 or 00 nortons, and a moro quiet and absolutely sober set I never uttempted to entertain, I did my best, but ao pro- found was their respect-their aire, I may say of mr, that not a murmur of applause, not a ghost of n smile, escaped them. Solemnly, sincerely, piously they steped qt mp. I do believe they thought I «as preaching a funeral sermon. At the close of tba lecture I fully ex. pected a committee to come forward and request a copy of my obituary on the Georges for publication iu the momiae; papers, and I felt disappointed that the doorkeeper did not stop me ss I went out to put crape on my arm and a weeper on my bot. It wes truly a solemn and refreshing season. The next morning after pay- ing my advertising bills and tba hotel charges, I found I had cleared enough to pay my return fare to this place and five dollars over. Con- gratulating myself on this fact, I strode jubilantly down to tho station, and iras in the not of .stepping on theirain, when I felt myself touched on the baok. Turning around, fTjcheld a small man with the aspect of a turnkey, who, in no complimentary terms, made inqniry, ' Ain't you a man by th« name of Thsokeray 1' * That is my usmc, sir.' ' Well, didn't you give n show hore lost night ?' ' Why, yes, t think it was decidedly n " show." ' ' Well, thar's a law in tbis town that any .. man . .that cires a show has got to pay five dollars licenco fpt a:givip< of tbs show, and you didnt pay no license i and I'm tho sargent of Ibis town, end . here's the bilt, and you've Rot to pay it before you kin get to git in them' keera.' This wss too good. I banded the fierce little sergeant the Ore dollars, paid my railroad fare out of my own pocket, end so," concluded Thackery, with ? jolly laugh, '. I played the mountebank for6d. and unon mv honour I cnioved it." HABITUAL DRUNKARDS.-Commenting on the recommendations of the Select Committee of the House of Commons, the Saturday Review says : -It is impossible to proceed further without expressing the amazement and consternation which this report produces. There is not tho slightest prospect that any such proposal will ever be adopted, but the fact is sufficiently serious that a body of fifteen gentlemen of ordinary knowledge and understanding could bring it forward. It involves, among other consequences, on enormous extension of the powers which the law confers of dealing with persons who are alleged to be of unsound mind. Let us remember the cases arising out of the exercise of these powers, which have occupied the courts of law during the last few years. Let us remember also the novels in which Mr. Charles Reade has described, partly from reality and partly from imagination, the outrages that have been practised upon persons wrongly immured in madhouses. It is not the least alarming feature in cases of this kind tHat oppression has been practised from the highest motives, and with a firm belief that all that was done was for the patient's good. There would be needed for the carrying out of this proposal a vast quantity of buildings, and a numerous army of inspectors, who although they would make inspections of a "very stringent character," would not, we may be sure, be able to prevent monstrous abuses. Besides the power of commitment to be given as already mentioned to magistrates, there would be inquiries before Courts "established under proper safeguards," and on proof that a person cited is " unable to control himself and incapable of managing his affairs, or that his habits are such es to render him dangerous to himself or others, and that this arises from abuse of alcoholic drinks or sedatives, such pardon might be com- mitted by the Court to a reformatory." A vision arises before our minds of tho Alliance raising a fund of £100,000 to pay thc costs ot proceedings against habitual drunkards under these provisions. Zealots would doubtless argue that if a man were a drunkard a reformatory would do him good, and that if he were a sober man who had been put in by mistake it would do him no harm. The sellers of liquor against whom so much legislative persecution has been proposed would be subjected under this Report to a new and burdensome liability. Provisions similar to those applied to Habitual Criminals by a recent Act would be made applicable to Habitual Drunkards. " This will be facilitated by tho keeping of a Drunkards' Register, and by providing a form of notice to be served on a liquor-seller by the relations of the drunkard or by order of a magistrate." It is not explained how a liquor seller is to know that a person named in such a notice stands at his bar. But probably the author of this Report would not scruple to pro- pose that habitual drunkards should be labelled. ' There is no country in Europe, or perhaps in the world, where irresponsible tyranny is carried further than it might be under this Report. We can offer no more emphatic protest against thc proposal than by referring to e recent declara- tion of the Bishop of Peterborough, that if he must choose between England free and England sober, he would prefer that England should be free. The only purification of the stringency of the proposal would be the unmanageable number of the victims of it. As wages rise and hours of work are shortened, workmen take to drinking and are put under restraint. Thus the number of workmen diminishes nad their wages rise still further, and so on until all tho inhabit- ants of towns are locked up, while the more sober dwellers in the country have to act as gaolers. MY WIFE AND I IN QUEENSLAND.-Mr. Charles Eden, an unsuccessful returned colonist has been doing his best to damn Queensland with faint praise in his recently issued book. In reviewing the work the Illustrated London News of 22nd June, writes as follows :-The newest of our Australian colonies, the province of Queens- land, has latterly been regarded with question- able feelings. It was commended a few years ago as the favourite emigration field of well- educated English families seeking to find or found a rustic house in the wilderness, apart from the rude scramble of vulgar adventurers in the region at the back of Melbourne. Mr. Charles Eden, who has passed eight years in the country, gives us the practical experience of an intelligent settler in a very interesting book, " My wife and I in Queensland " (Longmans); not the less interesting, surely, for the presence of a lady with him in the hush. In a spirit both manly and gentlemanly he relates thc rough labours, the hardships, and dangers which they had to undergo. Of those he does not complain ; nor does he from all that he saw of the country, draw any general conclusion against Queensland ; but the impression left on our minds is unfavourable. We should greatly prefer New Zaaland for a place to live in, or even Tasmania, whatever may be the prospects of making money by the new sugar plantations in tho northern districts of Queensland. For the capitalist who will undertake that sort of cultivation in a tropical climate, with imported coolie or Polynesien labourers, in spite of the moral disadvantages lie suffers by employing a savage race on his estate, this remote Australian shore appears less in- viting than the West Indies or Mauritius. Tho gold-fields are not likely to tempt the knowing digger away from those of Auckland, Canterbury, and Otago, or those discovered in South Africa ; but a large space of uplands in the interior, suitable for pastoral occupation, invites the enterprising squatter with his "mob" of sheep, counted by thousands. This may be a profitable enterprise in years when the price of wool is high among our manufacturers in the West Riding; but it cannot be pleasant for a family man ; nor can the mere " station," on thc hired " run " of the isolated " squatter," ever be made a comfortable home. No book that we have met with presents such on exact and lively picture of domestic and industrial life upon any of these vast grassy plains at the antipodes, where so many of our countrymen, used to social luxury and mental refinement in England, apply their chivalrous spirit to the wholesale tending of beasts. It is all very well for young and strong men, but not so well for wires and children. In Queensland, especially, there is danger from the black people, and some- times the white robbers or bushrangers, to which no family should be exposed. The climate, though not-unwholesome, is oppressively hot ; the swarms of venomous serpents and noxious insects are on intolerable plague ; the difficulties of travelling and of traffic are extremely great, despite the all but useless railroad from Brisbane to Ipswich ; and, worst of all, the tone of morals and style of manners in this colony seem to be very disagreeable Mr. Eden-who is by no means a querulous or censorious writer-incidentally tells us a few anecdotes of the wars of some Queensland adventurers, and the management of commercial and public affairs, which are disgraceful to an English oommunity. That story of the in- famous behaviour of the brothers G. Edward and Robert, their outrage on the poor black woman, their murder of her husband, and their subsequent acquittal at the Rockhampton Assises, with Mr. Eden's personal experience of their base conduct, is enough to warn honest men away from Queensland for some time to come. There are certainly, as Mr. Eden shows, among the colonists a good many persons who are as honourable, just and kindly as may be found in the old country. But the social stan- dard ¡s low; drunkenness, gambling irreligion and profanity, a rockless and fearless contempt of the rights of the native race, and a selfish eagerness to get rich at their neighbours expense are the characteristics of men who walk un- blamed in Queensland. This is our own general inference from such facts as Mr. Eden mentions, in the course of his narrative; it is not by him that these epithets of reproach are applied. Altogether it seems to us that the rawest and rowdiest of the American Far West Territories would be a more eligible abode for an English family of decent habits and moderate expecta- tions. New Zealand, South Africa, Canada, or Western Virginia will be likely better to suit those who are disposed for agricultural settle- ment. But there is much good land to be had cheap in Europe, on the shores or in the islands of the Mediterranean, were it not for the Pope and Turks. STONY-HEARTED.-Young Scattercash, seeing in the paper a statement that Dr. Quain has been leeturing on diseases of ' the walls of thc heart,' soys he can understand now why bis appeals bare failed to elicit any pecuniary response from his gtiv'nor. The walls of the old boy's heart must, he says, be of Portland stone, and have broken gists on the top, for fte can't get over them 1 AMEMCAN JOUBNALIBM.-There's no meeting the wishes of some people! A Connecticut eidtor announcod that tie would " Vaccinate free of charge all new preparing subscribers to bis papor." A brutal fellow, wrote to, him that of , the two he'd rather take the small-pDi than the paper. According to the latest accounts that editor is looking after that fellow to inoculate bim with a shot-gun. " BHIDSET, bring me the castor-oil ; the lady io ill."-" It is ell gone, ma'am, there's not a drop loft.-" All gone ! Why, we have not opened the bottle f "-" Sure, you have bad it every day, and I have seen you uso it myself, on your Balad."-"Why, you don't mean to say we have been eating castor-oil every day during the season p"-" Sure you have."-" But didn't you see the bottle was labelled castor oil t"-"Sure, and I did, ma'am, and didn't I put it into tho castor every day ?" 