PARKES IN HIS GLORY. W Mr. Henry Parkes has just had a fresh taste of the old wicked enjoyment — abus ing former friends and reviling present political enemies., Those who know the nature of the man and the rabid pleasure he takes in denouncing those who have been kind to him — as in the case of the Hon. Thomas Holt — can in some way, although inadequately, estimate the intox icating rapture he experienced a few days ago at Mudgee. The delight of lauding- himself — of gratifying a morbid vanity — of extolling the "potentiality" of his- voice — of appraising his relations with the public of the colonies and the Empire, — yea, of the whole civilized world! — was nothing in comparison to the fierce hot pleasure of tearing the mask from Sir James Martin's face, and the character — private and public — of Mr. John Robertson into very shreds; of telling a large audience that the former was a poli-. tical dodger, and the latter a political knave. How the long, thin nervous fin gers must have twitched, while he was reading copies of that correspondence which, he fondly thought, would expose Sir James Martin and the Coalition. Government to. general condemnation T. Well, this peculiar public moralist has had the luxury of delivering a coarse philippic ; and as every dog is said to have his day, why should not a political cynic have his bark? We are no, apologists for. Sir James Martin, nor are we going to pronounce an opinion on the relative blackness of pot and kettle when commenting on him and Mr. Henry Parkes. We believe the Flying Pieman hit both off when he said, " One had fat without marrow ; the other, marrow without fat." But looking at the very pretty row between them, we cannot avoid venturing on a few remarks in reference to it. We shall be brief, even at the risk of being obscure, because the subject is one of no very great interest or importance. If Mr. Parkes had not been blind to everything but the yearnings of his own mortified vanity, he would have understood at once the dim meaning of Sir James Martin's letters. That gentleman, of course, knew both he and Mr. Parkes had enkindled the fire of national and sectarian animosity in the community, and that for the base purpose of keeping in oiLiUt;. i>ut tut; xvuigut was ei tuer me cleverer or the more timid of the two. He saw the game was played out, and he determined to save himself. His main reason for coalescing with Mr. Robertson was to lay the Kiama ghost, although that restless shade — the troubled spirit of " the murdered man" — must still haunt the district of Illawarra, inasmuch as his remains have not been yet found and his murderer punished. Mr. Robertson was personally some kind of guaranty to the country, that fanatical intolerance would be discountenanced by any Government of which he was a mem- ber 'j and m the very address to the elec tors — or rather to the whole colony — and in the very paragraph which riled Mr. Parkes — we have the distinct promise of an effort to allay religious animosities. Sir James Martin, therefore, stole a march on the (now) member for Mudgee, who has to bear the heaviest weight of blame for that daringly wicked policy which set one large section of the commu nity against the other and disturbed the peace of the whole. Mr. O'Connor's candidature was not so much a desire to represent Mudgee as to protest against the whole public life of Mr. Parkes ; and Mr. O'Connor has sue- ceeueu. vv ltuuui tjujuyiug tut; per auiiui acquaintance of half-a-dozen electors — be ing almost unknown as a public man — having no organization to support him — and with hundreds of those entitled to vote, and who would vote for him, being by a paltry trick disfranchised — we allude to the uncompromising miners of Gulgong — he polled 466 votes to Mr. Parkes's 850\. This is a victory in itself. The Liberals of Mudgee are vindicated by it. The men of Gulgong, foremost in bring ing an opponent to Mr. Parkes forward, may triumph and rejoice in it. It is true they have not been able to prevent the Spectre of sixty-eight from again appear ing in the Senate ; but they have proved the estimate hundreds of hard-working in telligent men plaee on the "potentiality" of Mr. Parkes's utterances and the homoeo pathic attenuations of his purism. He will now enter Parliament not simply as a member — as the representative of Mud gee Conservatism — but as an Avenger. He ; has already prepared "amotion of want of confidence" in the present Government, which- he will submit to the House when it reassembles. On that occasion he will be in his glory again/ Well, the hon. gentleman has failed in overything he has hitherto undertaken. He failed as a tradesman — be failed as a poet — he failed as a newspaper manager — he failed as a politician (never being able to get a dozen men at a time to trust hinrt — he failed as a Minister of the Crown (except in fanning the flames of dissen sion) — he failed as a merchant— --he failed, or is failing, in the publication of his Political Essays — but he- may (and proba bly will) succeed in becomingly represent ing 'the Conservatism of Mudgee. . A steam-yacht has been launched upon the Sea of Galilee, and is now ploughing it3 way among its peaceful waters. 