? OPEN COLUMN. To tilt Editor of the Pastoral Timet. DENILIQUIN TOWN COUNCIL. SIR,—Incompetency "somewhere was fully shown last evening by the Mayor's motion, in proposing that Alderman Johnston and Kynaston be a works committee to report upon the drainage of the north sides of Cressy-streets. The Mayor is well aware large sums of money have been paid to professionals and others, and contracts entered into and disposed of, and yet, like Hamlet's ghost, some little necessary thing is constantly starting up through somebody's oversight or incompetency, thus upsetting his serenity. It need scarcely be said that a previous minority in Council saw this, and underwent much ridicule for their expression of opinion ; but surely the Mayor's motion last night endorses their acts in Council. The cost of incompetency cannot be well estimated, but it can be seen and illustrated from the Mayor's motion, coupled with what has gone before. Alderm.en Andrew and Jonston laid down a principle that the lagoon was the natural drain of the town. This led to a squabble, ending in a survey by M'CulIoch, costing some £7, to drain the lagoon northwards through a 5ft. cutting, abandoned by reason of the two aldermen showing it could be drained westward for £l. This lagoon squabble gave birth to an elaborate datum survey, by Mr. M'CulIoch, costing over £20. This survey was to be a "fixed law" for levels and drainage for somebody's guidance. Expensive contracts entered into in 1870-1—but, lo 1 proper provision for discharging the surface water happened to be overlooked in the plan. A second batch of contracts, now in hand (and in the interim the north sides of our streets have been flooded) ; to make sure this time another expensive plan and specification, outside the Clerk's office, have been prepared ; and yet afterpaying so very dearly for our whistle, the Mayor finds that the only way he can see is to walk over the heads of officialism and professionalism, and.'askthe new aldermen, " justto see that proper underground culverts are made." I am, &c.;, To the Editor of the Perioral Times. SIR,—As some of the subscribers to the Church building fund have directed my attention to the notice which appeared in the Pastoral Times, of the opening of the Church at this place, and complaining that calling it the Anglican Church, instead of the Protestant Church, is a preliminary step towards a breach of faith to them; as they, and many others subscribed with the distinct understanding, that the building was for Protestant worship, and not specially for the Church of England. This was perfectly explained by the Bishop and distinctly understood by those present at the time—and they were not a few. I am sorry that the article has also given to Mr Cocks credit, at the expense of others, for what he has not, to my certain knowledge, the slightest claim to. As regards the Sunday school alluded to, it was brought into existence by Mr. Henry Williams, now manager of the late Mr. Price's business—about eight years ago, and maintained by him as principal, or rather superintendent, ever since, except for a period when he was away in Adelaide, and for a short time during last year's flood, when he was compelled to close. Mr. Williams for many years has laboured bard and assiduously, at much personal inconvenicnce io himself, to bring this Sunday school (of course with tbe aid of others) to a very satisfactory and efficient state, both as regards proficiency and numbers. When driven from the Police office, by Mr. Farrand, where the Church service and Sunday school had been held for years, lie used his own house for the purpose, and continued to hold the school there till the flood prevented the children moving about. The article referred to, seeks by verv peculiar language, to deprive Mr. Williams of the credit of his long aud arduous services, in a cause, second to none iu point of usetuJness, or moral influence on the riaing generation, and giving it to Mr. Cocks, who takes no interest whatc-er 111 the school, judging from his absence and conduct, having addressed the children on one occasion only, although he then intimated that he would address them once a month ; he has not even been in the school since; moreover, he has interfered with the use of the children's library, and if I understood correctly, has refused to allow it to be used and opposed any effort to get subscriptions for enlarging it. And thus Mr. Williams is deprived of his hard-earned laurels for establishing a Sunday school which had been in existence years before Mr. Cocks came here. Also many object to Mr. Cocks getting the whole Arr ;.;aciiutiug Bazaars and managing Concerts and Tea Meetings. We have had one Bazaar—that is for the Protestant Church — one Concert, and one Tea Meeting. Had Mr. Cocks been alone in the management, etc., the result, in a pecuniary way, would have been very different to what it was. The Church Committee, and their efforts, and those who seconded those efforts are entirely ignored. The Concert received no assistance whatever from Mr. Cocks. His presence, when he did enter an appearance, was the only thing that did not harmonise. At the Tea Meeting he certainly contributed very much to the success of the evening's entertainment ; in the " bumbazine" he was quite at home. I must apologise for going thus into detail, and occupying so much of your valuable spacc, so I beg your indulgence ; but I could scarcely have effected my object otherwise, because whilst I have every desire to do Mr. Cocks justice, and give him credit for all he has done since he came here, I have no intention to allow him to build up a grand reputation at other persons expense. That he haB been very active in his canvass nf the district, for subscriptions to build the Church, no one will deny, but it must also be borne in mind, that he has been ahlv seconded by the liberal response to the call made by him, and to say he has built us this Church, is twaddle. There is one or two things more I must notice before concluding. It is stated in tbe articl* herein referred to, that nearly £1,100 out of £1,200, the amount of the contract has been paid. Some few weeks ago, in noticing the finishing of the Church, your " correspondent" stated that the contractors had refused to give up tbe building unless the amount then due, was paid, or a guarantee given, resulting in the committee, or some of them giving their bills at three months. This is perfectly correct and the bills are still current. I am yours, &c..; Wentworth, Feb. 14th, 1872. RATEPAYER. SUBSCRIBER. 