OUR PARIS LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) PAEIS, June 1C. The military scrvice bill may now be con sidered the law o£ the land, and bo every fit citizen is obliged to become a soldier at twenty, remain on active duty for five years according to Bpecial circumstances, then to join the reserve until forty years of aqe. Men intended for the church, for the office pf schoolmaster are, like college professors, exempted from coins under flre,'except ag amhulanciers. Garobetta opposed all ex emptions as a privilege and leading to abuses, and as it is necessary that a door should be either closed or open, the conces sion in favour of candidates for the church or the profession of schoolmaster, opens a door very wide for evasions of the law. The real fight was over the article firing the pBriod of service for active duty. There were high authorities in favour- of three, four and five years. The shorter period is the Prussian plan, makes excellent soldiers, and allows them to return earlier for civil duties. It was " illustrious General" Thiers Tfho carried, or rather forced the Assembly iq adopt the term of five years. Prince Frederick Charles, the highest of authori- : ties op modern ivur, observes relativeto the three years' service-soma men Tyith thick skulls must be kept longer than others to be made a soldier, but it is an error to think the longer a man is kept the better soldier he becomes. 'J he first year the recruit passes his time crying .in the hospital, thinking of his grctchen, and dreaming of £<wuo, Tho «e:oad year he is ft gQQd pupil, knows his drill, exercises with taste. The third year he commences to bo a drunkard, thinks he knows onough of his profession, chaffs the young recruits; this is tlio moment to send him home, save to. recall him when wanted. The French say, that if they had not n Government they would have nothing; to laugh at. M. Theirs in again menacing to resign if the Assembly did not accept his doxy of five years service for recruits, | assumed a position painfully ridiculous. There was no justification for Jove to be > angry; the majority was with him-a fact which he well know. But he desired to break his butterfly on the wheel. Every journal iu France condemns him. The Assembly will tolerate him till the Prussian loan be raised, for it does not intend to be governed in any Tudor fashion, and has had enough of autocrats. Besides, 3NI. Theirs promised to remain Chief of the State, and not d< generate into a mere Cabinet Minister, iie has proved to bo the most absolute of masters, opposed, as he has ever been, to every national reform, from cheap postage and railways up to non intervention and freetrade. As M. Thiers pales, Gambetta rises, be cause the latter is the only candidate who has a fixed end and a vigorous programme Napoleon excepted, but Sedan is as deeply down anion? the dead men as Henry V. and Louis Phillippe II. The return to power of Gambetta would be as unfortunate as the restoration of any of the three pre tenders, yet he might be the least of the evils. He leads an active disciplined party, as united in the Assembly as in the coun try. M. Thiers is killing the " moderate" republic, whose advent and success could regenerate France, without compelling her to pass once more through a fiery furnace. But JI. Thiers has no fixed policy, no aim beyond an obstinate determination to carry out his personal views, playing with aud using all parties in tuin, running with the hare and holding with the hounds. It is to castigate guch a dissolving mode of govern ment that three of the richest and most conservative electoral districts of France have just chosen, by monster majorities, three avowed disciples of Gambetta. Old age cannot govern France, nor a feeble policy brace her up. As M. Thiers becomes more tyrannical and narrow-minded, Gam betta becomes more violent and radical; Tago was nothing if not critical, Gambetta is nothing if not volcanic. The " Woman's Rights" question has once more come forward. The society for the civil emancipation of woman has its journal, and recently opened proceedings with a banquet, Victor Hugo sending .' health and apostolic benediction" to the movement. France is about the last place in the world to discuss the woman question, first, because women are the men in this country, and rcceutly the jictroleuscs here rather prejudiced the according of un limited liberty to the fair sex. Louis Blanc protests against the law, which compels the wife to follow the husband, as bar barous. Of two things, one, either the wife must be the husband, or the husband the wife. The scaffolding of ages is not likely to be overthrown, oven in France, where iconoclasm is so general, which protects the family from disorganisation. It is moral not legal force the wife ought to wield; it is the head and not the heart that the legislature consults. The child clings to the mother without over demand ing is she slave or citizeness, and that ma ternal power is greater as it rests upon no law-as it springs from the heart and goes right to the soul. A society to induce husbands to fulfil their obligations towards their wives might do more good than an association to endow wives with votes. Where husband and wife understand each other, the woman question is ever shown the door. After the discussion on the Army Bill is ended the financial state of the country will be debated. The freetraders are deter mined not to allow M. Thiers to have his way in favor of protection. The additional revenue required is to be raised by an income-tax-very slight; the object is to get in the thin end of the wedge. Some of the new sources of taxation are proving productive, but much economy is required in their mode of collection. There are too many civil servants, more than ever existed under the ex-empire when favoritism and extravaganco were so rampant. The Due de Choiseul was Minister of Finance under Louia XV.; on one occasion he informed that monarch, in confidence, that he had saved five millions in one month in the national expenses, and desired to know what he was to do with it. "Give me three mil lions and keep two yourself," was the reply of Louis the well-beloved. The Republic has changed all this kind of book-keeping which has been peculiar to all dynasties in France. The convict ships have at last set snil for New Caledonia, with the tritons and the minnows of the Commune, Ttochefort will likely remain a prisoner in Franco. It is only a voyage for the condemned-nothing more-os a general amnesty is certain to be proclaimed by whatever party succeeds II. Thiers. Two or three yeai'3 at most, and the over- ardent patriots will be brought back, and perhaps the agents who conduct them now to the Paciffc Ocean will thefn selves bo sentenced to take their place. The possibility of such an event may ex plain why the aut horities bestow great kind ness on the transported, making friends of the mammon of unrighteousness. The lady members of the Commune, some twenty pdrolcitscs-mistresses or soiled doves by profession-are by a curious coincidence to sail for New Caledonia in the Virginia. Further, a showman announces that in a few weeks he will have six of the natives of I that penal settlement for exhibition, in guaranteed feathers and war paint. Pari sians 'Rill bo anxious to make the acquaint ance of their relatives' new friends, but de cency forbids cannibalism. The statistics of Paris, so far as the results of the census are known, confirm the opinion that the population has not diminished, but it is about tho same as it was six years ago-nearly two millions. A marked social change ha3 taken place; the wealthier portions of the city have been deserted for quarters where houso rent is moderate; consequently, there are immense palaces and blocks of splendid dwellings tenantless. The French in this respect display one of the most sensible phases of their character-a contempt for keeping up appearances when the purse is consump tive. Living is most expensive in Paris; the local taxes are crushing; tho Empire bequeathed a frightful debt to Paris, which tho siege and the Commune increased. By economy, loans, and fresh taxes the Muni cipal Council is bringing matters into order. It is at the central market where the imposts are levied on the food supplies, the duty being ad valorem, and at present double. One hundredweight of butter will have to pay on an av erage 9f. in taxation; game 20f., barn-door fowl 9f., and eggs 2f. The price of each commodity increases like a snow-ball, in proportion to tho number of hands it passes through, which may account for a few suicides of purchasers, or sudden deaths produced by shocks. Pish 13 divided into three classes; salmon and turbofc, &c.;, pay 8 to 10; soles, eels, &e.;, 5, and herrings, sardines, &c.;, 3 per cent. Then the cook lrt*MAc? V»nr mnrlrot nnnnv Rn nnfrrncrflnnslv iBVitfB utu iuu.in.uu piuu;, ou that the Russian Ambassador indicted his salamander for robbery; ono item in the accounts was 25 sous for a bundle o£ radishes which can be bought anywhero for 3. Basi licas is not very " strong " as the phrase is, Paris does a fail- export trade, but local transactions are next to dead, eo the small traders are rapidly suspending cash pay ments with no prospect of a resumption. Even the gamins that at this season shook the heavy May flie3 from the trees in the Champs Elysess, sticking a pin in their backs and so attaching them to a string, soiling the finished article for one sons eaph to infant entomologists) have got no more work to do-the cold, wet weather having destroyed the insfcets, and with them a petit commcrcc. The newspaper trade is most prosperous. Paris has now 68 daily journals, and the cry is still they come. The tendency is tobring out morning, rather than evening editions. The proprietors have no great anxiety to provide early news. The " Latest Intelligence " is a peculiarity' of th'O Anglb-Saxon." '.The' Latins 'here find that treatises on abstract politics and such fustian pays, because France still believes she writes, not for Frenchmen, but for mankind. The defeat of the " favourite" at our Dsrby, last Sunday, has not cast r, gloom orar tho capital. ' ' One sporting journal ]} roves that the French racillg racing studs ij.ro only English ones in disguise, and hence Oromorne has only beaten a oompauion from his own stable. On tlie evening c£ the race, quite an international fight took place in the Mabille gardens between the horsey interests ot France and England. The police carried off the belligerents before Waterloo struggle fought, The number of persons at the Derby in the Bois de Boulogne, the display of wealth and luxury, mada ono forget the second empire. Accompanied with a friend and two hired detectives, I visited a few nights ago the Iluj H.no, where fifty hostages-priests, soldiers, journalists, and policemen-were barbariously shot by the Commune during llio last days of its Ileign of TtWror. The bodies word thrown into a common cellar c'.uso by. It .was said the ghosts of the victims appeared evury 'night as phos phorescent figures. Wo took up our position baforo midnight, and remained till two in the morning, when churchyards are sup pssed to cease to yawn. The police, who | were on the lookoub for the persons who " do tho spirits," were also disappointed, although at one time they believed to be on tho eve of success on seeing us arrive. It is likely the stories of figures in the houses and window panes of Alsace are on a par with the Hnxo ghosts. Marshal Baziine's trial it is now said will commence on the 1st July, as the plans of tho battle fields will then be ready for the court. There aro thirty persons employed preparing and arranging tho necessary documents, and the expenses of the trial are expected to amount to 200,000 francs-. a payment which tho rich prisoner must make if committed. But in this matter tho people will have no " ifsthey aro glad to hear the Marshal enjoys good health, and hope nothing will altor it until the moment arrives when he shall have no more interest in its preservation. The Press is unanimous in claiming a fair trial, and abstains from prejudging "the greatest traitor of modern times." Strange neutrality! The trial of ComteDubourg for theassas siuation of his young wife taken in adultery, is now going on. Since Madame Lafarge poisoned her husband, no similar event has occurred which has created more interest than tho present. All the parties are young and most respectably connected. The Countess de Bourg, tide M'Leod, was the youngest of four sisters. Her father was a Scotchman, who, having made his for tune in the City of Cork, emigrated to France, settling at Blois, whare ho married a lady of aristocratic family. The mother died young, the girls were educated in the convent, the three senior married well, the youngest, Denise, met her husband first in 1S69 at Versailles, they were married, Bhe being 19, and he 23 years of age. A Bon is the issue of the marriage. She was small, dumpy, perhaps, judging from her photo graph, attractive, intelligent and clever, as all frenchwomen. are. Her fortune was 75,0001'r., her husband's enabled thorn to havo a joint incomo of 10,000fr. a year. They were to Hvo in tho country at her father-in-law's, where she was welcomed as a pet. Her ambition was to live in Paris, filio was a prey to a mania to appear in society. Her husband knew nothing of a city life, and having no occupation, quickly fell into the vices of the capital. Ponding the war, the countess lived at Geneva, while the husband joined tiio Mobiles as captain. After tho peace she was delivered of her only child, and subsequently camo to Paris for medical advice, where she remained. They were an ill matched couple, she was flighty, and he was empty-headed. In tho Parisian ballrooms she quickly saw the difference between her hus : band and other men; worse, she ex pressed her opinion. She met Count Pru j corbia at a mutual friend's, and rnado an I assignation with him for next day, calling for him at his office, a clerkship in tho town council. Their criminal love lasted for about three weeks. The husband sus pected, gave full opportunity to his wife; they took their meals in common, but slept at different hotels. He feigned to go to the country on the 21st April last; the wife s confidence was thus deceived. Sho wrote to Procorbin to meet her, and they went to their usual trysting place, an attic in the Rue dea Ecoles. The husband bad paid spies ; he followed his wife, traced her to the attic, induced her to open the door, as he "had a telegram that their child was dyin" tho paramour fled by the-roof j the wife opened the door in a stato of deshabille ; she begged her husband not to call tho polioc; he struck her with his clenched fist, stabbed her with a cane sword, and when it broke opened a clasp knife. Of the fifteen wounds she received any one was mortal. Threo days later she died. The Code excuses a husband for killing his wife, if he discovers her in adultery in his house; here the case is different, but will hardly affect the decision of tho jury-nomi nal guilt, l'lie husband was outraged, but wo would like to have seen less premeditated preparations for revenge; as for the cow ardly paramour contempt is his best punish ment, although his mother appeals on behalf of " her boy" in the journals. The court was crowded with ladies, all young, eagerly drinking in the incidents of the tragic romance. Marshal Vaillant has been interred at Dijon, between his wife and step-son, the photograph of his favorite dog being en closed in the tomb. " , . . i The Protestant, or rather Calvinmt Synod, is now holding its sittings^ as usual tne body is divided as to an uniform con fession of faith and submission to a con trolling central power. St. Swithin is tho patron Saint of um brella makers, and is prospering his fol lowers. Saint Pelagie presides over jour nalists in the prison called after him-and where the wicked are sent who cry Vine VEmpire! as formerly, when they wrote I'icc la HCpublique ! 