A TALE OF HORROR. A oentlkman named Leadbetter, a hopmer chant residing in one of the western countries, had for many years made a practice of attending the great annual aiEiir at Weyhill, as a purchaser of the commodity iu which he chiefly dealt It happened on one occu-siou that he arrived at the iun to which he always went some hours later than usual : and on going into the house he learned, to his regret, that so much company I had arrived before him that ever}' bed was en ' g.iged. Rather than go tu any house to which \ he was a stranger, he determined to have a bed made up.on some chairs iu the travellers' room. Mrs Syiuouds, the landlady, was about to carry i this arraugeineut into effect, when she happened to recollect that there w;is an ostler's room in the yard, which possibly Mr Leadbetter might prefer to sleeping in a room where he would be liable to be disturbed very early in the morning. To this the gentleman willingly acceded ; and after some short time he passed up the g.illery iu the yard, which led to the apartment, and retired to bed. Sleep lent its leaden influence soon to the weary traveller, and he reposed I soundly, until a strange noise iu the gutleiy which lie had ascended roused him into sense, again. The noise was that of au extremely : heavy fmtstep. Mr lyadbctter counted even- ' sttpi and. t.i iii- alarm, the sound increased, until ill* 'in-*- 't it reached the d'jur of his i|Mi:u\en:. In ;ui iixlnnt ;i Mil mid g.umt n^'inv entered the i mm, with a caudle in one ' hand, aud a butcher's knife in the other. Mr L. Attempted to speak, but his voice failed i him, aud tiie figure approached the bed. It shook the burror- strickeii man ; then drew the knife several times across his uwu throat ; went to a table in the room, set down the light and immediately quitted the place. Mr. L. begun to breath . again ; he imagined, after a few minutes, that he had been dreaming ; aud yet the candle and candlestick un the table were no phautoms, they were palpable realities. He instantly rose with au intent to lock the door, but found that it was without lock or bolt, and that there w.is iiot!i;iig else iu the room but the bedstead uf any weight. As this fortu nately run on castors, he rolled it to the door, and thinking himself tolerably safe from further intrusion, he endeavoured to go to sleep again. But sleepwuuldno more revisit bis eyelids; and he lay tossing about until, iu about an hour, he heard the same sounds which had before alarmed him renewed on the gallery stairs, and, in a few t-eciind.-s the door ut his room being pushed with great violence, his bed was rolled into the middle uf the ujarttuent, and again tbe horrid figure stood before him ! The faculties uf speech and motion uuw forsook him quite ; the figure shook him again, with fierce gesticulation, and again drawing the knife across its throat, Mr I^ciidlwtter observed that marks of blood were un the blade, which were not there before ' It then passed away from the room, and the remainder of Mr Leadbetter's sense fled with it ; he swooned, and remained for some time insensible. As soon as he come to himself he put on the bust speed his agitation would allow, and descended into the yard of the iun. In a stable there he saw a light, aud on approaching it, found a man dressing down some horses, to whom he communicated that something par ticular hod happened, aud that he must have Mr. and Mrs. ttymonds called up immediately. The landlord came down, and, on expressing his apprehension that Mr. Leadbetter was very ill, as his looks seemed to indicate, wai informed that indeed he was not well. Mr. L. proceeded to relate all that had happened to him, and concluded by expressing his firm conviction that some horrible murder had beeu committed on the premises in the night. Mr. Syiuunds, on hearing the tale, was scarcely less alarmed than the roister. The house wus quickly roused by the terrors of the hoBt and hostess, and the business of the fair waa almost forgotten in the wouder excited by the story, which lost uothing by repetition to the several guests of the inn, as they successively inquired into tbe cause ot the early disturbance. At six o'clock tiie ostler, whose room Mr. L. hud occupied, arrived bom a lodging which he had got iu the town, on being turned out of his usual bed. Much plca- sure was crpiotsed on seeing him. 'Why,' said he, *' I'll lay my lite I kuow the ghost very well ; it mm the deaf and dumb fellow that comes to help me to kill the pigs, aud who always comes up to my room to call me when we have one to kill ! The murder was out * It was indeed the deuf and dumb fellow, who had made au appointment with the oatier to kill a pig at four o'clock iu the murning, and tvfau. thinking tiie ostler lazy, had gouo first to uwukeu him, and u second time for the same purpose, after he had muck the pig. QBKATKE TI1AN A CloVF-WCBBS.— ' AttlCUS,' in bis notos ' Under tiie Verandah,' says— Mrs Du Cane, the wife of the (Jovonior of Tasmania, recently met with a somewhat singular adven ture A daughter of Lord Lyndliurat, nhe in herits some of the strongly marked features of her father's character, aud is by uu means a conventional gnvide dime. She take* an active part in the management of the hospital, nurses the sick with her own luuidn, shows a greater partiality for bull dogs than for poodles, aud ts very fond of solitary drives in u sort of tilbury, her horse bring gaily caparisoned a la Hunt with a number of jingling bells. Afcwdaysagu she got into a neigubouruood where she wa« not known, and pulling up to enjoy. a lovely bit uf scenery, found herself surrounded by a group uf children. ' Oh, come here, liorc'u the circus woman, let's find out when die's going to put up her tent.' -She tried ut first Ui iifi.kwive tijvui, but it M'4a U;c;e...t ; they would Iijm: it that die wu going to 'pitch™ wmewhere «e»r . their village, ami swearer topowt out a food spot. At last ehe entered into {he spirit of the thing, allowed' ttjenj to slow her a good locality, aud, after hoaxing them with a most graphic account of the wonders of her show, win (iHowed to drive away in peace. This little adventure hiw made her more enatnotired tli.tn ever of her solitary drives. She has found that, as a 'circus woman,' she wus more an object of interest than as the wife of a Governor. Vice la Boh 4iiu.'— Cornwall ChrunicU. INTEBRDPTIONS TO OVERLAND TfiLBORAPH Construction.— A correspondent gives the | South Australian Advertiser some particulars regarding the overland telegraph. He thinks the blacks will prove very troublesome, aud a great hindrance to the working of the line. Ou section E they had smashed several insulators, aud untied the wire from others and carried them off whole. The natives, it is thought, find the pieces of insulator useful iu sharpening their weapons ; and if so, there will be no eud to the destruction till vigorous measures are taken against the depredators. Look Bbforbyou Dbink.— A correspondent of the Federal Standard writes the following caution : — 'Sir, — Permit me through the medium of your journal to guard the public n^aiust the practice of drinking iu the dark. For several years p»st I have beeu in the habit of assisting myself of a night time to water oul of a dam near my residence, not taking the trouble to inspect the same before swallowing it. Often in my eagerness to quench my thirst I have swallowed flies, spiders, tuosquitors, and occasionally a few bull ants, all of which were better out of my stomach than in it. When in the act of drinkiui;, hs usual, one night last week at the dam, I (bid the misfortune to get a a live centipede in my imiuth, which must have drifted from the pannikin whilst drinking. Luckily, the intruder by some means or other got one of its legs jammed between a couple of my teeth, and was thus prevented from ac companying the water down my throat. I think the poisonous creature must have been in the pannikin at the time I went to the dam, and probably if 1 had riused it out, this unpleasant mistake would have beeu avoided. Bitten by a Spideb.— A little girl, about twelve years of age (says the Wagga Wagga Ad vertiser) the daughter of a farmer named Butts, on the Jutiee Road, had a very unpleasant bed follow yesterday morning. About (i o'clock she complained that something had bitten her in tin: side, and immediately afterwards on the hand. Search was at once made, resulting iu the dis covery in tbe bed of a small black spider with a red spot. The pour child soon be^iu In suiter intensely, showing all the symptoms of deadly poisoning, and was at once brought into Wagga for medical assistance. She w;u then quite cold and clammy, her limbs almost rigid, her eyelids swollen, and she was sufferm? excruciating pain. Dr Morgan applied acetic arid tu the wound aud administered ammonia, aud the poor little suf ferer, after several hours intense pain, is now, we are informed. » little easier, and beginning to shake off the effects of the deadly dose which her system had absorbed. This species of spider, as venomous as a snake, is fortunately not very common, and it is said chiefly to haunt old and decayed wooden buildings. A Curious Advebtisement. — A Boston ; paper telh the following :— Everybody iu ? , county. M line, knows or has heard ?it'Kd Pierce. a |h-in;Ur landlord and a great admirer of horses. IM i^ -omcthing of a literary genius and his Lite-i production is such a novelty iu its way that^ we make liberal extracts therefrom : ' Mj i bar,' he says, 'will be supplied with good cigars, and although I have a sign up saying it is wrong to drink, still I deal out poison to all those bent on their own destruction. As 1 have been importuned several times to keep a tem perance bouse, I will say that one year ago I stopped selling the ' cratur1 for about four weeks, but found that two-thirds of the travelling men wanted something strong, and I got blowed up by them for not keeping; it, and I toted them around to show them where they could find it until 1 became sick of the fun, and I failed to see where I was doing anything large for the temperance cause so long as every man got what be wanted. So we came to the conclusion it was no worse to give poison at home than to take them to our neighbour* for the purpose, and it was less trouble to us to do so. Aud another thing in my favour, I think I can add more water to my liquors thau most of my neigh bours; in fact, I think I have wonderfully advanced the temperance cause in this section by plentifully pouring that cool delicious bever age in my whisky, and I really think that a man to meet instantaneous death would have to go where it is not so highly watered. I have known men to live three months that drank regularly at my bar, although cases of that kind are rare. I wish to impress on the mind of every man the necessity of abstaining from this deadly poison, and if he then wishes knowingly to commit suicide, why I have the article which will meet his most sanguine expectations, nut so quick perhaps as some poisons, but he is sure to nave his wish gratified about as soon as he can con fidently get his business matters arranged so as to be ready to make his exit. If by stopping the sale of ardent spirits at my hotel, it would tend toward helping tbe temperance cause in S ? to any extent I would willingly doss, and I will put my name to a remonstrance any day to prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquors in this village, but as long as it is sold as common as now, it would not only deprive me of my travel ling custom, by keeping a temperance house, but in reality it would do the temperance cause no good whatever, and until a change takes place in regard to the sale of this article I shall un doubtedly continue, in as quiet a way as pos sible, to deal out destruction to all those desir ous of ruining their families and ending their wretched lives in poverty and disgrace.' Mrs. Btanton says she never knew what it was to be perfectly happv until she found her self in the Yosemite (CaL) Valley, in a big straw hat and bloomer costume, astride of a mule 