THE FLANEUR IN SYDNEY. It is said — but, mind you, I don't vouch for the fact — that bis Excellency the Administrator, was agreeably surprised a1, an early hour yesterday morning, by receipt of a telegram from Melbourne, to the fallowing effect ; To the Administrator of the Government, Sydney, Clear out incontinently. H. Bobinsoa, Tbe language was curt, but not difficult to understand ; and it could be easily perceived that our new Governor, Sir Hercules Bobinsou, was a man of few words, and not to be trifled with. He will have a levee, of course, Boon after bis arrival ; and I hope that the people who attend that ceremony will not attempt to behave in the dis orderly manner in which some are said to have conducted themselves on the Queen's Birthday. I find in th« Herald a paragraph— evidently not by one of the staff, but apparently from a source of authority — complaining bitterly, and even painfully, of the want of attention to the details and minute points of etiquette. The writer of the paragraph commences in a jerky, fretful style, thus: 'Notwithstanding oar admonitory notice on the morning of the 24th instant, as to the urgent necessity, for all persona attending the \evcb to leave cabds, should they desire to have their presence chronicled, a considerable number of gentlemen, as usual, seem to have paid their respects to the represen tative of her Majesty without leaving any cards at all !' This is shocking enough ; but the following really borders upon tho atrocious : As a rule, the nnmerous members of the public bodies (who enter by a side door) very seldom leave cards anywhere ; so that— as they all sweep onward, unannounced, in a long unbroken file, past the bewildered aide-de-camp— it may be both truthfully asd poetically said, ' Their names are never heard.' They ore, indeed, never mentioned at all, except when the appellations of as many as the introducer can manage to recollect ore breathed in an agitated, far-off wbiaper, into the ear of his Excellency. Generally, all the members of the ' public bodies' flit by, asmony of them did on Friday last— nnnoticlng and unnoticed, not even eeelng, In their unseemly haste, the high official to whom they are sup posed to be paying their respects. Itis not a very easy task instantly to recognize long fllesof unannounced persons rush ing by (like the royal ghosts in Macbeth) in varied and un familiar costumes. This is too bad, and I can sympathise with the indig nant feelings of the ' high official' alluded to, and whom these hurrying crowds, it appears, do not even look at. However, ' H. Bobinson' seems to be an unlikely man to stand this kind of nonsense, and he will soon make us learn how to attend a levee. The Pope of Borne, though leading a life of some seclu sion, appears to have become an object of considerable attention on the part of, distinguished travellers. Besides the Prince and Princess of Wales, tbe King of Denmark, and other magnates had been to see his Holiness ; but I was not prepared for the announce ment made by an acquaintance yesterday, as an actua fact, that Mr. B. Buchanan, M.P., had signified his intention of paying his respects to tho'occupant of the Vatican. ' Impossible !' I said, in a tone of astonish ment. But, no ! My informant declared that he was not in the least mistaken. He ' seen it in the ' Erald,' ' and that was sufficient. I have since been told that tho gentleman alluded to is Sir J. Buchanan ; but my first informant persists in it that he is right, and that Mr. David Buchanan ia tho party who is about lo pro ceed to Borne. In that case, I presume that there will be a vacancy for the Western Gold Fields, and a now election. Asd, by-the-bye, the Ministerial re-elections being all quietly over, there is no need to refer to any of them, excepting that of Newcastle, where, indeed, thero seems to have been some little fun. I wonder whether Mr. Lloyd .19 a Scotchman ? 1 don't make the inquiry impertinently, but for reasons. I find that at the Burns Festival in Edinburgh lately, Dr. Blackie delivered a speech, in which he expressed his deep regret at the ' absence of the quality of self -esteem in the characters of Scotchmen, particularly of Edinburgh men. I confess that I was surprised at this assertion — it seemed so contrary to appearances. But I was reminded of it by the speech of Mr. Lloyd to bis constituents at Newcastle. I dare say that when Longfellow the poet composed the well-known lines quoted by Mr. Lloyd, he had in view a man of exactly that gentleman's mental qualifications asd physical gifts — & Bayard, sans piitr et sans reproche ; a Chrichton, of multifarious accom plishments ; an intellectual genius, towering far above ordinary humanity, and still shouting ' Excelsior.' At all events, Mr. Lloyd appears to have applied to himEclf the passage I have referred to, and he informed his constituents accordingly. I presume that he laid one . hand upon his breast, ana threw the other aspiringly above his head, as he recited : Lives of -3RBAT men all remind us We may make ptm om sublime. And, departing, leave bthind us Footprints on the sands of time 1 Footprints, eh ? I believe you my boy ; and pretty wifle and deep footprints too. Snblime, is it ? Arrah go 'long out of that; It's both greatness and sub limity; sad the Newcastle people are rery lucky fellows. Wednesday last, I have just been reminded, was 'BoyalOakDay,' famous in our boyish days, or at leaBt in mine, for oak leaves Btuck in the breast button holes ; for reminiscences of Boscobel House, and for a devouring passion for Sir Walter Scott's novel of Woodstock, and sympathy with the sentiment, Yet Heaven will moke amends for all, When the King shall enjoy Itis own again. For wasn't I a Eojalist and a cavalier of tbe first water in those days, in my own estimation ! The idolatrous loyalty of old Sir Henry Lee of Ditchley, and the scrapes and hair-breadth escapes of the scape grace Charles Stuart, were subjects for my warmest admiration ; and as to Oliver Cromwell and bis ' prick eared roundheads,' I could have consigned them all to the halter. I have changed my opinions not a little since that time. ' Old Bowley' is ne longer, in my Hum, the gracious ana graceiai irriura wuu was np a tree' when Cromwell's dragoons rode under it ; and as to 'OH Noll' himself, we may perhaps want another, snch before long. However, in connection with ' Eoyal Oak Day,' the ' Happy Restoration of his Majesty,' and other obsolete superstitions of the days of our adolescence, I would draw the attention of your readers to a capital illustration in the London Graphic of the 2nd March last. Amongst a number of engravings having reference to the Queen's ? late visit to St. Paul's, there is one of 'Paul's Walk' j aa it appeared in the days of the Merry Monarch. ' Owing to a remarkable defect in that otherwise excel- j lent periodical, no letter-press explanation accompanies - the plate, and the few words of the kind that appear in | another page give no account of the company. por(- B most is the figure of the Kinghimself, whose resembuuKe I to a late Governor-General of this colony will he seen at H a glance, while the gallant who literally fcows toft, B ground before him seems exactly the kind of man to mai, H a figure at court. ' By the side of the King is an eccU. siastic whose face, on canvas or on paper, is familiar and by his side, again, and apparently ' laying downthl iaw' to the Bishop, is the Jester EUigraw. Over tin King's Bhoulder peeps the handsome face of Eochestcr, smiling as he bows to a lady ; and the whole picture i worth examining, as an historical sketch— the Mooriil page with the two King Charles' spaniels, the demureh; coquettish glances of some of the oity dames, and th« lowering looks of their spouses, making up the scent. Talking of pictures, there is in a shop window ij William-street, Woolloomooloo, an engraving which I am sure most hare attracted the attention of tin curions, though it has probably been overlooked bj many. It represents ' A Literary Party at Sir Joshia Ecynolds1 ' and the portraits of the company are excel lent, according to all the authorities we have for refer, ence. There is Dr. Johnson, doing tho'SSirOradi,' while Boswell, Beated a little in the roar, listens wit! observant meekness ; and scattered around we hiTt Reynolds, Garrick, Oliver Goldsmith, Edmund Bnrkt, and other literary and artistic celebrities. I only refer to these things because, generally speaking, they attract but little notice here, although they »re stadia in themselves. Three coroner's inquests which invite some remuh have been held in the city this week. One of theat that of the miserable girl who is believed to have dts, fcroyed her own offspring — I should be sorry to sny more about than that, in spite of tho stern demands tt justice, a thrill of pity involuntarily arises j aad I hojn that the prisoner, who may well be supposed to hen been beside herself when she committed the crime, it she did ho, will be provided with the means for ha defence. As to the cuta of the person who committed suicide when he had .£1400 in his pocket, I aa astounded, and can't account for it at all ! The poor fellow must have been as mad as a March hare. Whj if I had £1400 in my pocket, instead of thinking abort suicide, my heart would have been, as the benevolent Mr. Samson Brass said that his was on a certain memorable morning — 'a-siaging of comic songs witlit me.' Even in these times of mines and minings money, I should think, is not so plentiful as to become abhor, rent, and frighten a fellow oat of tho world. There is - myftery about the matter. The third inquest was that upon Mary Molloy, whom the driver of fc cart in thi ,,iiyof Sydney ran over and killed — for she died sooa 'fterwarda. This was one of those cases which called or exemplary treatment. It was deposed that the mm was driving the cart along with the reins in his hand, When the poor woman tried to cross the road. The driver cried ' hey,' and this seems to have been all he did to avoid a collision. The unfortunate woman be came confused, other vehicles, no doubt, rushing along, besides the oart that was bearing down upon her ; and, being unable to get out of tho why, she was knocked down, and so injured that her death ensued. And thii the jury declared to be a case of accidental death ! In ( vain tbe Coroner strove to hammer into their heads the state of the law. They wanted, indeed,' to append* rider to their verdict, censuring the. driver , for reeklea ness; but common-sense, if not law, might have told them that this 'was tantamount to a verdict 'of man slaughter. Butthey stuck to 'accidental death,' and bo the man got off ; ana we may expect soon to hear of more cases of the kind. - ??'? ;' The travels and adventures of Dr. Livingstone pro mise hereafter to become as famous as those of Baro Munchausen and Captain Lemuel Gullivsr. Only twn or three days ,ago you published the following pan- fl graph : ? : ? As aloser of himself, says the Louisville Courier, Dr. living- H stone is without a parallel in;iiiitory. For .our, port |ws H can't sec tho uso in spending so much idle time aad^noney to ^m find a man who can't be hired to stay fonnd, and who is never H happy but when he is lost. ' H But now the Suez mail has arrived, and informs ns that ? Livingstone has turned up again, all right, this tenth H or twentieth account of his safety after he had beet killed and eaten, had been starved to death, had died of fever and ague, and had been irretrievably lost in the mountains, having been received .by waj of the Snez Canal ; so I suppose we shall have a spell of anothtr month or two before the Doctor is killed or lost again. Apropos of exploration, I have a speculation to float which deserves a great deal more attention than, I fear, it is likely to receive from the rude and incredulous. What do you say to an expeditioi for prospecting tho lato line of earthanake on the American continent, from California to Mexico p Aboni a million and a half of square miles in one of the most auriferous regions of the earth have been all more or less disturbed or thrown np, sad the miner would find most of his work done ready t» his hand. Don't mention thii to anybody ; bat Ittfck of it seriously, as 'a good thing,' and worth going into. I only hope that my idea will not depopulate the Australian colonies. As you have news from all qnarters, I won't encroach further upon your space than suffices for ? a couple of anecdotes. One relates to the- benefits of advertising, and is undoubtedly, true : An editor who wanted a dog advertised to the following eSect ;— '? I will take a good dog in payment of one year's sub scription.' The next day forty dogs wore son t to the office. The day afterwards, when the news hod ipread out into the country, 400 farmers sent two dogs apiece by express, wlti eight baskets full ot puppies, all marked C.O.D,. The offer found its way into neighbouring States, and before the end of the week there were £000 dogs tied with ropes. In tbe editor'* front and back yards. Government tax, at 1 dollar each, 8000 dollars. ? . The other story, which is, no doubt, quite as true as the first, gives ns warning that we must be cautious in our interpreting of any Dutch telegrams from Java, when we are placed en rapport with that island : A Dutch correspondent writes —In the Java £-?de received by lost mall, I find the following curious interprotat. on of a telegram. Mr. Beuter wired, when it -had been announced that Mr. Brand would be elected Speaker at the Honse «f Commons, ' Proponed Brand Speaker.' ' The Bode translated these words as follows.— 'Alcn hoeft voorgesteld den Toorzitter to bnuidmerken'— tliat is, 'It is proposed to brand (to mark with a red-hot iron) tbe Speaker.*' Well ! Members of Parliament, according to their own accounts of each other, often are branded, and{Tounded H np, and yarded off, until drafted ont to rote; so that I the Dutchman was not bo very far out after all. ? 