PUBLIC EXPENDITURE. to the editor of the mercury. Sir-As thoughtful and sober-minded writer " Retrenchment, ' has offered you some sensible suggestions at the present financial crisis. The problem which presents itself is this-how can £00,000 a year be saved in the public expenditure of the colony Î He advocates the adoption of local! rates, which he believes will secure a more economical, a more equitable and a more effective disburse, ment of public imposts. He illustrates his principle by the example of public elementary education by advocating the system of local rating, which I once ventured to recommend in a lecture, delivered at the Mechanics' Institute, soon after my landing in the colony. I was well acquainted with the principle and working of the English system, to which I thought our own might be made to assimilate by substituting local taxation in Tasmania, for voluntary subscriptions in England. Local management is the essential to be aimed at, but the right of such management should be purchased on the part of local boards, by local contributions. Since the delivery of my lecture, our Parliament has established the principle of the appointment of local management, but selected, as they are, not by ratepayers and acting only as representatives of the national board, without any real influence, are little more than ghosts. Such local boards must be invested with more real power, and the districts must pay for the exercise of such power, if what I desire as an educationalist, and what your correspondent desires ' as a political economist, is to be attained. Will you permit me, without undue presumption, to point your readers and our rulers to the systems followed by other countries, the results of whose experience may be instructive to ourselves. The, Dutch led the way in 1866 in the introduction of a national system of education. In 1857 s revision was discussed in the Dutch Chambers, and the fundamental principle was reaffirmed) that morality and religion are the moving forces of civilization, but that the domain of his Church and of the school, though closely related, were distinct. The Dutch Parliament has not made education compulsory directly, and to this foot I call especial attention, but it has done be in the only way really possible, i.s., indirectly, by uniformly refusing relief to parents from public funds, who will not send their children to school. The consequence is that nearly every child in Holland above the age of ten can read and write. One province adopted the system, since followed with great success by the Canadian Government, while more direct compulsion has proved a failure, which obliges every father of a family to pay the prescribed school fee for every child between 6 and 12 years, whether he attends school or not. The object was to arrest the continually decreasing attendance in the country schools. The effect of this measure has been to increase the number of children from 20,000 to 30,000. I will add that in the Netherlands as many as a third of the children plead destitution, and receive gratuitous education. The example of Canada, presenting as that country does, circumstances and obstacles more strictly analagous to our own, is on that account, perhaps, more instructive. In 1841, the legislature of Upper Canada established a national system, supported by grants, contributed partly by the State, and partly by the townships. It borrowed from Germany the idea of normal schools ; from Ireland its regulations of religious instruction and from the United States the principle that popular instruction is a part of the public service to be provided for out of the taxes. The electors in each township, or section of each township, large enough to support a school, appoint a board of three trustees, who select the schoolmaster, control the instruction, levy the local tax, and direct the whole school machinery. There is a general school fund, one half of which is derived from a parliamentary grant, and the other half from the entire rate raised upon property throughout the various townships. The whole fund is distributed amongst the several districts, not, however, in proportion to the sum locally raised in each district, but in proportion to the number of children attending each school. In Lower Canada, greater discretion is left to each local committee which receives a grant from the Parliamentary purse equal to the amount of the local rate. The local grant being devoted to local purposes, the district readily submits to self-taxation, The system now advocated would have the advantage of preventing the expenditure of public money for the benefit of those who are able to defray the cost of their own children's education. There can be no objection to the intermixture of children of a higher grade, especially in rural districts, if they are made to pay higher fees, and so to contribute to, rather than subtract from, the expenses of public education. It is true that such larger fees become a temptation to the master to cultivate the higher class of boys, and to sacrifice the poorer, who are the real alumni of the State. The remedy lies with the Central Board, if the Parliament should require that its moiety taken from the Treasurer's pure depended upon actual results after individual examination of the children, no pecuniary account being taken except upon children belonging to 64 fide, labourers. By this simple arrangement, the ambition of the master would be wholesomely restrained, while the attendance and successful progress tested by examination of the poorest children, would become a matter of direct pecuniary profit to the school treasurer. I need not point out that a similar and partial transference to the municipalities of the burden of supporting the destitute poor would work in with the scheme of indirect compulsion which I have advocated. But independently of educational benefits, a local rate for the poor has arguments of its own to support it, on which I will now but barely touch. The country is plundered by a large rolling stock of idle consumers, who should be forced or tempted to settle, and become rescript glebe. Their nomadic habits give them s tyrannous power of vindictive mischief, and need to be restrained by holding out some claim to relief within an adopted district. Some of these are old men, but not too old to be partial producers. They wander during the warmer months up and down the country, sometimes carrying hut drinking all they earn, and after paying an occasional visit to the Brickfields or Cascades, they turn . up, in large numbers, with an instinct as true as that of swallows, at their winter quarters at Port Arthur. The dis- cipline exercised by local boards charged partially with their support by local rates, if it did not do much in correcting this frightful evil, would go far to prevent it. One thing is clear ; their unchal- lenged claim upon the public purse, without enquiry or hindrance, has a tendency to increase this section of the community without limit. Some check would be found in the co-operation of the Government with the several townships' co-operation in the raisins; and the disbursements of taxes. The financial difficulty of the colony may prove to be our salvation, if we are true to our Anglo Saxon descent. Necessity and invention are the natural parents of progress. Dependence upon the State has too long paralysed independent effort. Now industries wait development, and the only difficulty is the risk which capital has to run in all new undertakings. That difficulty, the Government should remove or diminish by holding out bonuses equivalent to the actual risk, or by temporary protective duties which are only objectionable when permanent, and are made to prop up industries for which the country is unsuited, or protect producers from the consequences of their own incompetency. Thousands of acres are now devoted to cereal produce, for which with shut-up markets there is no sufficient return. These lands are admirably adapted to the growth of flax, for which the Dundee Chamber of Commerce promises us an unlimited purchase I know of German emigrants, lately arrived, who understand its culture, and who are now wearing upon their backs, clothing which they have out of the produce of their Holds, manufactured with their own hands in their own cottages. In this day's Mercury you have asked why we in If olmrtTownskould not be abreast with Ballarat in the new penal vo experiment of a violin factory. At the last meeting of the Royal Society, I drew from Mr. Gould a very satisfactory statement of the yield of our iron ores in the north, surrounded as they are with all the ready material for smelting, whether by, charcoal or coal. I did so, at this season while the Parliament was sitting, in the hope that some modest bonus might be offered to awake our dormant energy. To-day, you report the telegram from South Australia, announcing the " commencement of the smelting of iron " in that colony, I believe that in the neighbourhood of Ilfracombe, and probably elsewhere, we have the legacy left us by nature of iron equally rich and in quantity equally unlimited. August 3rd. I am Sir, Your obedient servant, C. H. TASMANIA 