DOMESTIC TBOTTBLE, AVD A DECEITFUL REMEDY. , A TALE EXPBESSLT FRTM) FOE HIGHLY : CIVILISED COMMUNITIES. IK TWO PABTS. PABT II. For a while the lord of the castle continued to think over this adventure, and arrived at the conclusion that it was meant to oonveyto him some sort of lesson, and probably some hind of moral teaching. Light dawned upon the Lord of Esmond. He had been making a great fool of'himself: and in this regard he bad certainly followed the example of very .many who had lived before him. There are situations where a variety of courses are open, bnt this appeared one which left no doubt of the course to be followed. Something ought to be done. While hesitating what farther ideas to adopt in this direction, the door suddenly opened, and who should enter bat -his lordship's son. "Well, sir," said the Lord of Esmond, " and where do yon come from ? " "Well, sir," replied the younp: gentleman, "and what have yon been about ?" These two questions remained for a minute or so unanswered, and appeared to excite no particular interest In either of the lordly bosoms. " I hardly know what. I have been about" began the parent nobleman, " broke a bottle of wine, I fancy-but, by the way, .there has been somebody asking for yon." " Asking for Jne," 8aid the noble scion of the Esmonds (continuing the conversation as thongb.it had commenced nnder the most ordinary circumstances), " and pray what did hewiuit!" "What he wanted I can hardly explain, but what he said is easily-conveyed. He desired to make away with .you." Hera the noble lord went -through a playful lepra-!{ sentation of throat-cutting, by drawing the; ride of bis forefinger smartly acrosi the; jugular vein. "Hakeaway with me 1" "Yes; murder you, In short Said yon were going to the bad, and that if yon lived a littlejongeryouwould be sure to get there; and consequently he reoommendMthfct your living that additional time should beitn peded-do you understand!" 11 . ?'!] "Not perfectly; bnt I gather that «ome one has been proposing to put an end to me. Amltightr « ; " Exactly, so far. The party was, move*; over, to very'tugent'that faewould hardly, hear ofdemttririgtothe ttitfejgenwnttj and then he intimated that he eonld only relinquish thlrjpet fancy of his onooadittaa that!-would alio# ifayeelf fobe made away with in yoiurplaOB.^ <». !' » mntTjbav^ .'w ./"t t*i ih1 ?'ix.-i ]' I mean. If one of us must be made a conveni ®nc® wby. I think I should prefer that in short it should not be myself." . V A vffltyMtntal view to entertain, my son, but you will please beat in miad tluc h" seerus ve7 accustomed to have his own tnr and it is not impossible that be muht upon experimenting with you in preference." "Nothing at all unusual, and nothing at all improper, that I am aware of-but lwas jast going to ask you that question." ^3e,Lnly dballatheri « you will allow me to use the term, I have done nothing but fall t 1 da.re «** loa did the same Jnd 1 going to be married ^j use as marned once, you knowr- And then Li" 5 J?r°P®8? ,fc0 provide for my wife's entire family, which consists of her mother. ? teU? mlthat 8h® could never have got along in the world bat for her J52 if£»S° w uln *iTe .oag}lt *<> consider the old lady. Well, this is all I can presently recollect that I have done in the way of any* thing new or unusual, and really I don't sL what this officious party can mean by wanting to get me out of the way, or yon either for that matter, only, certainly, the last idea is not so conspicuously absurd." "Well, my soil suppose we determine that we won t either of us be made away with. 1 see you are not going to oppose me. and now, we will just call in this murderine vagaband, and tell him that we have no occasion for his services. Ring that belL if you please, and the Lofrd of Esmond pointed to a huge musical machine that dangled from the roof; "nng that bell, and we'll have him The bell was clanged vigorously with the application of a stout pole, and before its deeD BTMStogtSf"" h,i t'"8ed * "Did yon ring?" said the spirit affecting a Sleet iteelf 8 JeCt' 3U8t * gain to ."wi41?.I,g; " rather my son did, and wa wish to tell you that there is no likelihood of your services being wanted by either of us. After talking over the matter, there appears to bo a doubt m our minds about the necessity wewonld rathernot."18 with> an" "Of course Lord' of Esmond, of couma J**? *** nobody for a wife in prospect, of course you have a right to judge ^ri0Ur8eiV^' 1 °aly came to offer my assUrt aace, and if yon fancy you can do without . "Ffncy we can do without it Why. you impudent, whatever you are, I shonld think we could, bo once again, Mr. Spirit, will you take our answer, and your departure!" This speech left so little room for todIV or expostulation, that the ghost fell back "p"n 2 saying nothing, at the eipua ytJZ 1110131 11 "i®"1 Appeared inthe orthodox manner of all historic spectres, by deparhng out of sight The Lord of EmionI and his son were once more alone together wad &e; opportunity for saying something on the topic lately discussed as not devoid of interest for both, was taken advantage of. "A most remarkable business this, sir" commenced the young man. " Here I coma back to my parental roof to make you hapnr with an account of my intended and prepared to paint the social charms and domestio virtues of my future mother-in-law and you meet me with a story of somebody wanting to murder one of us, and seem to desire my views on the subject" The tad of the castle replied that he had only told the truth. There had been a visitor with a proposition to do violence to one or th®,0"»e.r o* them, but the question had been settled ma way that he presumed was not disagreeable, and there was an aid of the matter. " But my noble father, what is the mean, ing of .it at all! Pray who was the person in this room just now." ,''Som,e^ody I never saw before to-day, although he says I have heard of his feats and goings-on. Suppose we just toy if he happens to be still within bearing. please give that bell a buffet or two," H "Bang, dang," went the quarter-ataff on toe noisy instrument of alarm when the epeotre re-appeared so quickly as to be lriefcfr suggestive of having been^istening atfthe i/P0*68" strengthened by w» net of its commencing to apeak. in an^WUon of anyquesttoh,to the following "Lordof Esmond, and Baron of Eveisso many places, I have vintodduriiig the ****' year a pr^t number of castles, and ccmnaSl with theirlBmatee. -Seldom have I been Tepulsed with proffers of servioe as I have £*» b? y°u- My mission is to point oat to those who are in trouble and affliction how they can soothe the mufebttuttinii which surrounds them ; and my remedy u a simple, exceedingly palatable, and hiehi* popular one. lh short, its antiqaity 4a*M from the Deluge,' and I will not sup pose for a moment tfrat it is «eew* If.1?, to go further back for.* pedigree. ; Wdl, my Lord of Esmond. Itooksoma infirm vtowure you that you onghtto have been trou bled an d. harassed, atod. worn and anxious, and deeply grieved and dreadfully discomforted, about some misfortunes whin it cost me no inconsiderable effort to demoa strate were, m all probability, in sten tor yon. I also dwred youto undastand that it is mnch better to look abead ?and anticipate trouble thatmay never have realexistexuxTby which proceeding you guard against surprise. Then, I pointed out, or rather just. fainted. that jrou would have to adopt my most efficacious and popular remedy." vT. T Here the spirit paused, asthough to pat " But," broke In Esmond's lont opportunity, "supposing then had been any "Oh, ah didn't !? Well, that certainly' *?* « I think I told yon that that it affected the duration of life." "Youtalkedof murder." - *peak of murder, becaosa that is what It amounts to; but as you say. LffiiSrtSSS" « «» to thepoint" impatienMy interrupted the noble lord, "out short this rigmard^ what was ymur iemedy-In a word.' then you shall have It,? n IjbikkJ*18 ghostly viitor,-i-"that <word la " U $raW q^%.interM)»edth0 young *:t5sstr.d hisbrainsknodkedoutih 4a mighty stir whenafewi down or ran through batUefleld; but Um, hundreds of thousac eveiyywi^driukl" ^.f fcewr Ibought of fiemond, «fter. a i*UM «f ' -r .; -\i -.H'V politely made to give bis lordsbip an opening to express his views on the question. " Of conree yon never thought of it. and 99 out of a 100 never do think of it Bat the fact remainB the same. Lard of Esmond. There is a good deal of murder going on in the world, and a great many murderers, and nobody takes any notice of the crime or the criminals, jost because the murdering agency is recognised by the world as a justifiable and proper thing to employjbecause, in short, it happens to be Drink. "There is something in what you say. perhaps," modestly interjected the young nobleman. "Something-everything! All over the world, I mean the polite portions of it, this remedy for trouble and difficulty is the most popular panacea of which we have any know ledge. Drink, Drink!-thousands accept my assistance every day. Yon can form no_ idea what a business, I mean what a practice, I have; Bnt if yon are resolved not to try this famous remedy of mine, perhaps I may as well say that yon act a very sensiblepart, and now. goodnight" (Exit spectre as before.) " Son of mine," exclaimed the Lord of Esmond after the lapse of a few minutes, daring which they had both been closely occupied in sitting quietly and saying nothing. " Son of mine, this appears very absurd!" " Father ol mine," replied the yonng gentleman, " it does seem to be a remarkably ridiculous business. I wonder whether we are both awake?" " I think I am," went on the Lord of the castle, "! fancy I am pretty well recovered from a dream that I have long indulged in, that something unpleasant was going to lmppOTi. And then I begin to recollect that in my sleepy state of mind I was rather disposed to try that remedy, as the fellow called it. By the way, where did you come from?" ' "What were you aboatwhenl heard that noise ? That it was which brought me here." " Oh, I recollect I was drinking a flask of, you know the stuff I mean, and then I broke the bottle, and then-confound it, where are the bits, and where is that spirit fellow?" It seems to me, my lord and parent, that yon have been dreaming this story of the ghost and the bottle." "Does it? have I? how is it? what was that bell making a noise about?" hastily asked the castle's lord, rolling his questions as cloeely as possible into one. The answer of the young man was a general one to the purport that, in the event of his noble father not objecting to die remark, he would be disposed to venture to suggest that he bad been taking too much. " Too much what?" went on the old gentle man. " too much sleep?" "Sleep; no, drink-so get up my lord, and don't be looking about on the floor, there is no broken glass for yon to bead on. I want to see that lamp of yours oat safely, and then suppose you go to bed." l* What is it all about, then?" "All about nothing at all, it seems. Ton have been-yes yon have-ifs no use talking, yon took just about a bottle or so too much, because yon fancied that I was going to get married to somebody who was nobody, as you .aid. And then you got a prejudice against the young woman's mother, as though ahe could help having a mother; and then you took to disturbing yourself, and then you took to strange fancies on the nib ject, and then you took it into your bead that I was gamg to the bad, and then you took " Drink, by St Hildegarde. drink. So I did. and I kept at it since how long ? " " Since yesterday, and here yon have had a Jit of talfcing nonsense, and yon have been going on like a forest on fire with your stories of gboets and broken bottles, and so I think, my noble father, that it would be as well for you-there, don't be looksog about for the bitB of glass-jost as well for yoa to goto bed." 80 the Lord of Esmond had been dreaming a dream, or rather a complication of dreams, and las ideas had taken so many short ex cursions into vision land, and had got so com fad^nLt with, that Ik was not quite*prodL»eiy assured in mind as to where he was. ' ZXowevH^fbelbcd of the castle shook him acUtoeethec, and the offer of his ItmUup'sson, contrived to scramble into bed. i4fc«tea point th+Tikhtfr adventure concluded, and the moat mSSb proprietor of &smond; , OMfralevt the d^ ofs&ch; as take remedies ?" tQ* tfaeimaipig of tb&ito; ensuing, the lord castioronyand took a survey ofbis iHMUwttiMrf thegrpvious night Heooold Bflt^TePOTabOT <rf certain favourite bevonwos, and then wan dering off to -bis bedchamber and going to SepWea ttr^l^ged table. tOis lHieflranmsthestate.bptliboday and Aiii^irf of Esmond Castle as he aat np in bis bed and tevie wed the night's oesL It was all a dream-but then -that the purpose otdieams was little Why shonld not fix d roaming disposition aftfaehaman kfad be made useful to convey 1-liuiillnii? Why should not this ewifflr, ^faring panorama which bad swept across ib*flcatd bear a leaaon aririch it ma designed that he should be wbisd to profit ojt His was . waiy -faadMe bypothosis there was no violence 4m t» taeimaginatton by eupposing such fobotibeoaabWhat do we know of dreams, Mjpnd the fact that they nstdtftoa eating driakfog with injudicious pro wling was surely instituted aotae purpose or purposes, and oses, if not all, most fow ft strikes ma," IfceJtod,*s heieached for to 4tie bell with ; me that I'm thirsty a^forrfbly tbM being: UpwiAooiirotQ* of mine-so, I won't. I see it wnfotmded drink, yes, I this boy <& jnaine, and wait Jinriyf #1 jw isllow *11 pub; Idon'tknow, ?»oftt#Bpha veiyjsad ; and as to the on'tsay tier tot, a.. rfcermyselt iLoti sof fUmottd Ctstle again and ttais ^time belaboured jtigood w|lL His lordship'* . answer tothe %rith the joyous aunrtfon so | toTeceive tt at 1 hastened 'reason why he should be pat out of the world, ' and the young one was equally at a loss to find oat any cause why he should take his departure from the earth's surface. Having fully agreed therefore on this point, it naturally remained for them to talk the matter over; and to assist in the conversation, it seemed expedient to bring in a third party, and that third party was the spectre previously mentioned. Once more then the big bell was battered by the qaart«r-staff, and once more the ghost promptly answered to the boisterous summons. "Don't care about a seat I_ suppose" commenced his lordship, waving his hand to a cbair as though for form's sake, " but settle yourself comfortably, and then tell ua if you please a little more about the business you are generally engaged in." The spectre therefore drew its foggy vest ments gracefully round its nebulous figure, and spoke as follows. " You must know, my Lord of Esmond, that I am one of the greatest impostors that ever took advantage of human folly. I pretend to cure all the misery, and madness, and melan choly, with which human nature is liable to be afflicted, but I don't do it" "You don't do what you profess-well {here is nothing very singular or excentric in that sort of conduct," politely interrupted the Lord of the castle. "Yes, but I not only don't do what I pretend to do, but I do a great deal of mischiefj and perpetrate any quantity of wickedness that nobody suspects. In the first place, I take up all the mental ailments of mankind, and treat them with my general remedy, which yon must know is general destruction -general deadly poison, that's what it is." "You are a nice sort of chemiat and druggist, you are," remarked the young man, having softened down some stigmatising epithet, he first intended to use, to this rather loosely applicable expression. " Well, you may call me any names that you ma} think proper, pelt me with strong Lan guage, and hit me with the hardest words you can thinb of, but it won't make the least difference in my way of goingon, or affect my determined and persevering sort of action. Now. my Lord of Esmond, and you, young gentleman, who propose to go and marry nobody, I came here to assist you in the difficulty and trouble which should have oppressed your minds under recent circum stances. You, Lord of Esmond, ought to have had your pride wounded, and you, my young matrimonial adventurer, ought to have had your equanimity disturbed, and either of these conditions should have been suffi cient to induce you to resort to my remedy. But luckily for you, you didn't seem to see your misfortunes in that light. You are a couple of dull fellows, who don't appear to know when they ought to be un happy ; and so you get it into your stupid heads that there was no occasion to seek a remedy for evils that were almost certain to arrive. In short, yoa would not be con vinced that you were a pair of miserable mortals, elaborately unhappy, and in a state of complicated difficulty and trouble; and you would not therefore recognise the value of my remedy for troubles which yoa had got to believe possessed no zeal existence. Do you follow me!" " Yes, Mr. Spirit, I follow you, and I beg that you will forthwith proceed where I don't mean to follow you-in other words, make away with yourself; and will yoa do me the favour to fall in with this suggestion of mine as expeditiously as possible, and then" "And then," whipped in the young lord, "we shall once more be in a condition to need no remedies of the absurd sort that yoaap pear to deal in." "There is nothing more that I need Bay, my lords, nothing at alL Bat as yoa have beat tolerably civil, although yoa would not try my medicine, I will make you both a pre- i sent of a bit of advice. Whenever trouble comes upon you, be sure to inquire what right it has to be there at alL Having determined this point, you will proceed to ascertaini whether experience has pronounced that it is capable of being relieved by my remedy. Then yoa will fnrtherask yourself whether the remedy Is not likely to make the afflction worse ;and then, after making theee inquiries, if you still incline to resort to the curative agency here referred to,you will both stand inoy estimation as much greater fools than you are commonly supposed to be." There was no particular travelling oat of the way to make this little harangue palat able and complimentary, and therefore the Lord of Esmond saw no reason to especially study politeness in his reply: so he just stamped bis foot and shook his fist, and straightway told the spectre to dear oat and never darken the halls of Esmond any more. Of coune it was all a dream, and of course the ingenious reader disoovered that long ago. But the same subtle-minded lady or gentleman may not possibly be aware that the occurrences described in this narrative, \ or rather events that clearly parallel them,! happen every day, and not in dreams. j In broad daylight^ in the waking hoan and the most watchful moods of men on earth, as flnrdf as troubles come, so surely will they seek to sabdue or set them a>de by resorting to the spectre's remedy. And while the world wags (although it is not clear to everyone what this wiggfahexprasrion means), bat while this world goes its way, there will be sorrows and trials and sore affliction, which men will seek to relieve with the grim and ghostly remedy; herein spoken of. This fc the moral; and again the sagacious reader will be prompt with such a remark as, "of course I knew there would be a motaL" Bat tt may not have occurred to the imdons reader that the*moral teaching of tiSSto%«ot how to4eal with troubles and afflictions, bnt how to deal with, in the way of utter extermination and extinction-^up roottog, down-falling. andtotal destruction rtmedy whfch'jU b xema?rwiiich aggravates, intensifies and increases them andthat remedy 4s DanrKd 