STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH. On Tuesday, March 26, a double celebration took place at the above church. In the after noon the foundation-stone of the schoolroom in connection with that place of worship was laid by the Rev. 0. B. Symes, B. - and in the evening there wa3 a tea and public meeting to welcome the reverend gentleman as the new pastor. In the afternoon there was a consider able gathering of Mr. SymeB's own flock and friend3 from other congregations, both Inde pendent and of other denominations. At 4 o'clock, the hour appointed for laying the foundation-stone, there were present the Kevs. C.B.Symes, B.A., J. Jeffaris, LL.B.,Cheetham, Hall, G. Manthorpe, Fergusson, Hodge, Harcus Howie, and Nicholls, Congregational; Revs! Lyall and Henderson, Presbyterian; S. Mead and G. Prince, Baptist. A hymn given out by the Rev, H. Cheetham having been sung, Mr. O. Wylde read the following copy of a docu ment, placed under the ig-one with news papers, coins, &c.;: — "This document it, placed in the foundation stone of an edifice to be erected for a school room in connection with the Stow Congrega tional Church. The stone is laid by ■ he Rev. C. B. Symes, B. A, on the 26th day of March, 1872, in the d5th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen "Victoria, the Right Hon. Sir Janies Fergusson, Baronet, being Governor of the Province; the Revs. H. Cheatham, M. H. Hodge, and C. Manthorpe taking part in the ceremony. The erection of the edifice is undertaken by the Church and congregation now assembling in the Stow Con gregational Church, the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., being Pastor; Henry : iles, Alexander Hay, Horace Dean, D. Adatnson. L. Grayson, M. Goode being deacons. 'Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghoat.' The Committee under .whose supervision the building is erected, consists of Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., Adam Adamson David Adamson, Joseph Barlow, Talbot Baines Bruce, B. N. Conigrave, Samuel Davenport, Horace Dean, George P. Doolette, W. T. Flint, Henry Giles, Lawrence Grayson, Matthew Goode, Alexander Hay, James Hill, Wil iam Johnston, W. ivew bould, William Palmer, T. S. Read, Robert Stuckey, George White, Charles Wylde ; archi tect, James Cumuiiog; builders, Brown and Thompson." , The Bev. C. B. EYME3 then laid the stone with the usual formalities, and addre sed the assemblage. He said he had no doubt ihe cere mony they had just witnessed- appeared some what unreal, as the work of laying the stone, - even to the final balanoing of it, was really "done ' by ethers. Be only hopsd.there would be mora that was real and earnest in the work carried on in that building when completed. He hoped it would be so constructed as to stand the test of' years and the Bio'rms of many seasons. Moiethan that, he hoped there would be an earnest spirit animating what was done . within those walls. He felt that the work they had to do there was. real, and there was nothing vague aud hazy id their views and objects. , Their work lay before them clear a^d distinct. Those who would be engaged in teaching the young in , that building were a body of earnest men aDd women, who throw their heart and soiil into the work. He hoped that as the stones of the old temple were hewn and fitted inta that beautiful struc ture, so their souls would be t.uiit u'p so as to take their place in that glorious "temple not made with hands. That was scarcely the time for an exposition of thei doctrinal views. The" ohurch in the evening would be a more fitting time and place, but still the principles and views of those who trained up youth must have a great influence over them; so he would briefly notice those opinions. They were Inde- * pendents or Congregationalists, ho ding the truths of the Gospel of Christ, and they would have those doctrinal truths instilled into the minds of their children. They believed that man was ruined by the fall, and that he was saved by faith in Christ by virtue of the atone ment. They believed in the atonement, and in the Holy Ghost infusing a new nature and new' life into the bouL Those were the cardinal ruths they should try to instil into the mind-t of the children—that they were ruined by the fall, re deemed by Jesus Christ, and sanctified by the Holy Spuit. They had also their p- culiar views as Independents, believing every man respon sible to God alone, and neither to Pope, nor prelate. They held that every Church should be independent of every, other, body. They believed it had a right to arrange its own form of worship choose its own officers, and manage its own affairs, and that it was advisable generally that each Church should exercise that right. They believed in entire independence of the civil power. As their youth grew up they hoped they would share in those views, but above all things that they would believe in the Gospel of Jesus Christ. In teaching their lit le ones, they would try to invest religious truths with interest and fascina tion, so that as they grew up their memories of. passages and truths of Holy Wric might be associated with their pleasantest recollections of former years. Neat he hoped that, having interested them, they would succeed in earnestly impressing them, with the cardinal truths of the Gospel. He hoped they would be benefited by the personal influence of their teachers at that period when their young minds were like molten metul—ready to take the Shape into whioh each good influence might form it. He believed in the power of personal influence to promote the spiritual well- being of the young. For such objects he asked the, sympathy of those pre sent. It was late in the day to vindicate Sabbath-schools—God had blessed them for a hundred years. They asked His blessing, and they asked for the prayers of His people who worshipped in that sanctuary, and they might fairly claim the interest of others. They had 200 scholars in that school, and 100 at the branch school in another part of the town, so that they might fairly claim the sympathy and the practical help of their fellow Christians. While they looked to one ano'her i fur help and sympathy, he trusted God above all would pour His blessing upon their efforts. They expected that God would grant his bless ing, they expected to see children trained within those walls to fill positions of influence and usefulness in the Church; they expected to. see children led to tread in the foots :eps of Chr'st. Nothing less would satisfy those who labored there. He hoped the Church at large would see good cause to bless the work there in years to come. The Eev. 0. Manthobpe then gave a brief address, tendering the sympathy of sister Churches with that work. They felt that a church was not complete without the Sabbath schoj], and for that there must be accom modation, and he had been told how much tbat had been needed in connection with that Church. They should strive to secure or retain their elder scholars, and for that they must have accommodation and separate classes. No doubt there were those who were ready to gather yi-uag people around them, for they might be led astjW if no one looked after them. Their sympathy with that work should be praotioa', and he hoped it would be so. The Stow Church and the Free man-street Church had helped many others in past days, j here were very few not indebted to the parent Church, and they would only be properly grateful if they returned that libe rality and sympathy. The Bev. M. H. Hodgs then engaged in prayer, and the Doxology and Benediction brought the proceedings to a olose. The following is a description of th9 school room—The building is of Gothic design. The ex terior takes the form of a church, having a nave and side aisles. The central portion is a lecture hall, 69 feet long by 36 feet wide, and 28 feet high, seated for upwards of 400 persons, and furnished with a platform and oases for the school library. It will be lighted by 16 clerestory windows, which can also be opened to assist the ventilation. A series of doors on each side of the hall open into the various class rooms, Committee room, waiting room, kitchen, &c.;, which will be fitted complete under the same contract. The exterior is of Glen Osmond stone, with dressings of freestone and white and colored bricks. The whole work, including an extension of the shed accommodation for ■vehicles, forming footpaths, watertabling, &c.;, la contracted for by Messrs. Brown & Thomp son, at £1,8:9. 