THE CONVENTION ACT. — — (From the Nation The recent debate in the House of Com mons on Mr. Smyth's Bill for the repeal of the Convention Act was a most oppor tune and useful one, We are right glad that it occurred, and we commend the speeches delivered, and the course taken by the Government, to the careful attention of our countrymen. The Convention Act is hot to be re pealed. It is a fetter on Irish liberty, and the Government refuse to" strike it off. This is the whole truth of the matter, briefly stated. « What ! remove any of the restraints which have been imposed by " the wisdom of Parliament" upon the freedom-loving people of Ireland ! repeal a Coercion Act! give additional scope for Irish political organization and action ! — these are the very things the English Govern ment intend not to do, and never will do, so long as they can possibly avoid it. But the debate was useful — very useful, we repeat. It was valuable and service able inasmuch as it tended to exhibit the rulers of Ireland in their true colors before the world. Those genntlemen have of late been talking so blandly, praising themselves so lavishly, and proclaiming so emphatically and continuously the per fect equality of Irishmen and Englishmen in the matter of political and civil rights, that it was a positive benefit to the cause of truth and honesty to strip them of their mantle of lies, and force them to appear in their real character before the eyes of the people. An illustration 6f the need which existed for such an exposure is just at our hand. In the article on " Irish Nationality," which appears in one of the English magazines of the present month (May), and which we comment on in another column, the following sentence occurs : " The Irish people have been put in full possession of all the civil liberties enjoyed by the people of England." If the writer of this sentence believed the statement to be true, he must have been grossly ignorant of the facts of the case when he undertook to write his article On 1 Irish Nationality. The debate on the Convention Act will help to enlighten him and many of his countrymen. It was further useful in showing the mortal fear and terror which our rulers have of allowing even the - forms of organized nationality to exist in Ireland, and their profound consciousness of the fact that they are holding down by sheer force a spirited people full of genuine patriotism and glowing with national feeling. A regularly elected Convention of Irish delegates, though it certainly would lack the power to pass laws, would yet, it appears, be considered by the Government a formidable rival to the British Parliament — too formidable to be tolerated ! Powerless as it would be' to make laws for Ireland, it would yet, the Government officials say, be more highly regarded and respected by the Irish people, and more influential with them, than the Imperial Parliament. The last-named body would be quite thrown into the shade by an Irish Convention sitting within a mile or two of College Green. The Irish members sent to Westminster would be of no account, in the Irish mind, as compared with the delegates returned to confer together occasionally in Dublin. So have members and officials of the Government declared in the House of Commons. The Marquis of Hartington, referring to the proposed assembling of a National Council in Dublin in 1848, said, " There could be , little doubt that, had the Council been permitted, its proceedings would have been regarded by a large number of the people of Ireland as the proceedings of a body entitled to equal, if not superior, weight to those of the English Parliament." The Attorney-General for Ireland declared his perfect agreement with this view of the case, and stated that, were the act now repealed, the counties and boroughs of Iceland would send up representatives to a ' mock Parliament in Dublin, which mock Parliament would be greatly preferred by the Irish people to the assembly in West minster. , In fact, the Irish assembly would be regarded as the real Parliament, and the London assembly as the sham, so far as Ireland was concerned. But what a confession is thus made by and on behalf of the English Government ! What an admission is here of the false position in which the English Parliament stands in relation to Ireland ! The words of the Minister amount to a plain announce ment of the fact that the Irish people look on their representation in the English House of Commons as a fraud, and regard the whole institution as foreign and hostile po them. It has not their confidence; their sympathies are not with it ; and so slight is the respect they entertain for it, notwithstanding its great power and high pretensions, that they would set infinitely more value on a legally powerless assembly of Irish delegates sitting in the capital of their own country. They " love their own barn" better than that English " house." Such are the admissions of the Minister ; they are of importance to Irish nationalists, and are well worth being re membered. A second reason given for the refusal of the Government to repeal the act is that Fenianism is not quite dead, but only in a debilitated and dormaht condition, and capable of being aroused and strengthened by any breath of favorable circumstances. So that the fear of a mock Parliament, and of what, according to the ministerial accoutit, is little better than the ghost of Fenianism, is sufficient to deter the Government from, according' to the people of Ireland, a liberty of which the English people are in the full enjoyment. English .. Republicans can assemble a convention, if they choose, within a stone-throw of the s i House of Commons ; the English Inter- ( nationalists may do the same; but if a convention of Irishmen, no matter how harmless or even laudable its objects might be, were to assemble in Dublin, it would be illegal, and its members would be liable to prosecution, and to severe penalties on conviction. And the Government declare they will not part with the power of deal ing in this manner with such assemblies in Ireland ! Now, there was not, on the part of the Home-Rule Association, any intention to assemble " a mock Parliament" in Dublin. The ' Irish people have no taste for mockeries of any kind, and this is just one of the reasons why the English Govern ment have never been able to make their own of them. They get more than enough mockeries from that quarter : they have a mockery of representation in the House of Commons, a mockery of the British Con stitution in Ireland, a mockery of justice, and a mockery of freedom. For them- \- selves, they want to set up no mockeries. But the act in question is a bar to orderly and regular political action, and, being ex ceptional in its nature, imposing a restriction on Irishmen from which Englishmen and Scotchmen are exempt, it is offensive and opressive to the Irish people, who, therefore, naturally desire to see it swept away from the statute book. Their desire is not about to be gratified by the Government ; but it is well to know so much, in order that the parties may all the better understand the relations sub sisting between them. But the ministerial speakers professed a great desii-e to see this act repealed at some future time. A time may come, they said, when this act may safely be repealed, but it has not come yet. Mr. Gladstone would be glad to see that time; the Marquis of Hartington would be glad to see it; so would Mr. Richard Dowse. We understand this perfectly. " The time " referred to is the time when Irish men will resign their national ideas, belie the whole history of their race, degrade themselves for ever, and disgrace their country by sinking into the position of contented slaves of England. No doubt, if he ever should see that time, Mr. Glad stone would be quite willing to repeal the Convention Act, and the Arms Act, and the " Peace Preservation Act," and all the Coercion Acts that are now pressing upon the people of Ireland. No doubt, if the soul were crushed out of Ireland ; if that glorious national spirit which has been a heritage of the Irish race for centuries, and which brightens even the darkest and saddest pages of their annals, were at last to be, ignominiously extinguished; if hopes and memories long dear to Irishmen ceased to have a charm for their souls ; if the Irish heart thrilled no more at the name of freedom — then the Ministers of England would have no objection to cast off those ' English chains from the limbs of Irishmen, be cause their purpose would have been attained, and bonds would be no longer necessary for men who had become willing slaves. But that time will never come. The English politicians who fancy it will are laboring under a complete delusion. It will never come. Irish political emancipation will never be worked out in that fashion. But it will be gained for all that — gained, not by the sacrifice of Irish national feeling, but by its firm and fearless assertion ; not by the \- subsidence of Irish patriotism, but by its development ; not by cowardly submission, not by base desertion of noble principles, but by fidelity, and prudence, and courage, and by the help and blessing of Almighty God. 