ST. JAMBS CHURCH, DRYSDALE. This church which will be opened on Sunday by the Right Reverend the Bishop of Melbourne, ia built on a slight eminence, near the road aide, and about a quarter of a mile northeast of Drysdale. The style is pointed Gothic, with lancet windows. The tower is on the southwest gable and is finished with pinnacles. The walls are built with the celebrated Widdicombe bricks from Portarlington. The dressings are white pressed bricks from the same place. The copings are cement. The color of the bricks is deep red, which, with the white facings and dressings, has a re markably pleasing effect. The chancel and vestry are on the northeast end, and ' to gether with the tower have a fine appear ance when presented to the traveller's eye. The slating is in blue aad yellow bands of slate. The interior is in no way behind the exterior in appearance. The chancel has a beautifully stained glass window, the chief subject being the Pour Marys at the tomb immediately after the resurrection, and several other cognate subjects. The nave lights are yellow tinted cathedral glass with varied colored borders. The table, the reading desk, and chairs are of Gothic pattern, and mapled and varnished. The whole of the table is exposed to view excepting the top, over which a crimson cloth has been fitted which falls over the sides about six inches, and has two narrow Grecian gold and black borders with black fringe. The chairs have pointed backs, and with the table are quite remarkable as an innovation on the old table-cloth and easy chair furniture of similar buildings. The benches are the finest we have ever seen made. The back rail is a strong bevelled piece of timber without a back board, on which the arms of the worshipper may rest when praying, the book board is under the seat, and con venient. There are kneeling boards to each seat. The platform for the harmo nium is elevated, aud has a neat painted screen, with book-board for the choir at each side. On the screen is painted" in ecclesiastical letters, " Let all the Earth praise the Lord." The screens, the benches, and the chancel rail, which are painted and varnished oak, present a remarkably light appearance, and look much better than any finished cedar work we have yet seen in churches. The aisles are laid with white and red tiles from Widdicomb's manufac tory, and are fixed in cement. On the arch stoneB around the chancel is painted the words, V O, come, let us worship and fall down and kneel before the Lord our Maker," in large ecclesiastical letters, red and black. On the front of the table are the words, " Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, aud to the Holy Ghost. Amen," illuminated. The walls have texts of Scripture in the same character, and over the desk is framed in gold and blue glass, the words-" We preach Christ crucified." There are so many little elegancies, both in the structure and fittings and furniture, that we cannot do that justice to it which it deserves, and we would advise every person who has time to pay a visit to this little gem of a church at the first opportunity, and we are sure their taste will be gratified. . Everything is in place, aud finished. The masons who laid the foundation and base course were Messrs Nesbit and Cumming ; the bricklayers, Seely and Long; the carpenter, Thome ; the plasterer, Keilly ; the Blater, Peters ; the joiner, Hutchins ; aud the painter, Carr, have all done well. The building has been designed and built by Mr M'Williams, architect, and to him and the building committee the highest thanks of the Drysdale congregation are justly due for erecting one of the handsomest places of Wtehip ia the colony of Yistwia. I 