COMPLIMENTARY. Presektation to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. On Friday evening, June 28, being the eve of St. Peter's Day, a full choral service, in com memoration of the . twenty-fifth anniversary of the consecration of Dr. Short to the Episcopate of Adelaide, was held m Christchurch, worth Adelaide. The harmonium from St. Paul's Church was placed between the north and south transepts, and the two front pews in each tran sept were set apart for the Choir. The service, which consisted of the ordinary evensong, with an anthem {and special psalms and lessons, commenced at 7.30 with a voluntary, during which the St. Paul's Church choir in surplices, entering at the west door, walked in procession up the north aisle, and took their places, while the following clergymen in surplices and academic hoods entered at the north door, and proceeded to the chancel:— Revs. Hartley Wil liams and J. C. Haynes (Deacons), Revs. F. Williams, M.A., W. Scott, R. B. Webb, M.A., C. W. Morse, B.A., J. M. Donaldson, J. L. Smith, B.A., W. H. Mudie, A. Honner, H. M. Pollitt, T. J. Smyth, M.A., Richardson Reid, Thomas Field, M.A., J. Pollitt, S. Green, W. W. Ewbank, and Caaon Dove, the Very Rev. Deau Russell, the Yen. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A., and the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. Canon Dove intoned the service, and the Choir led the responses— the Confession and the Lord's Prayer being in vocal and the Creed in instrumental harmonies by Hopkios. The veraicles were by Tallis, and the canticles by Ebdon in C. The 'Magnificat' and 'Nunc Dimittis' were also from Ebdon in C. The Choir, which led the congregation throughout in a devout capable manner, reflected great credit upon their organist and leader, Mr. Geo. Oughton. The Rev. W. W. Ewbank, M.A., read the fust lesson, and the Rev. S. Green the second. The special psalms selected were the 132nd, 133rd, 134th, and 138th. The anthem, Clarke Whitfield's, 'In Jewrp irGod' known,' was well sung byjfche. £ublr, especially the quintette aniUieHSnal chorus, 'There brake He.' Before the sermon Hymn 323, Hymns iCcient and Modern (Appendix), was sung, and after the sermon Hymn 325 from the same collection. Archdeacon Marryat preached the sermon on Psalm exxii. 6th and following verses : — 'Pray for the peace of Jerusalem; they shall prosper that love thee. Peace be within thy walls, and plenteousness within thy palaces. For my brethren and companions' sakes, I will now say, peace be within thee. Yea, because of the Lord our God, I will seek to do thee good.' At the conclusion of the sermon an offertory was made, which will be devoted to the Cathedral Building Fund. ' The Hon. A. Blyth, M.P., Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M., Lieutenant J. A. Fergusson, and Mr. F. Wicksteed, Registrar of the Diocese (the Presentation Committee), then took up Dositions at the altar rail, the Rev. Hartley Williams bore the new staff from the vestry, and the Very Rev. Dean Russell, stepping forth before the Bishop, said— My Lord, I am desired by the clergy and laity of this diocese to pre sent to your Lordship the following address: — 'To the Right Rev. Augustus, by divine permission, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. 'We your faithful clergy and laity desire, on the eve of the 25th anniversary of your Lordship's consecration to the Episcopal office, to unite with you in thanksgiving to our Heavenly Father for the mercy which has spared you so long to occupy your place as chief pastor of this diocese. During a quarter of a century you have maintained in the midst of your nock, or in their behalf, a ministry of various and most unwearied labour; the contrast between the present condition of our Church in South Australia and what it was in 1847 affords abundant and substantial proof that your labour has not been in vain in the Lord. Instead of the four clergy of 1847 we have now 38, and instead of the five original churches there are now 72, besides school rooms and temporary buildings for worship. But you have survived many of your best fellow workers. You now miss from your side many men by whose affectionate spirit your own was often cheered, and in whose ready co-operation you found your heart lightened of its constant burden of care. In the roll of our clergy some names will no longer be found which were most highly honoured in the earlier as well a3the later history of the diocese. They have obeyed the bidding of a Divine Voice which called them to ' Come up higher.' And among the laity in our various assemblies your eye will now seek in vain for some trusty comrades and advisers, especially of those belonging to the energetic band of early colonists— they have gone before, as we trust to make ready to welcome us when our turn conies 'to go hence.' Thus during your Episcopate new and holy links have been formed between the members. of the Church here on earth and the blessed company of the faithful in heaven. It is with feelings of deep solemnity, as well as of fervent gratitude concerning them that have 'fallen asleep,' that we believe you wiU join with us in the retrospect of a history so full of sacred meaning and interest. 'Congratulating you to-day as our Bishop, our thoughts naturally revert to your diligent fulfilment in the midst of the congregation of the ministrations specially appertaining to the office of Christ's pastor. But above all we con template you as the head of the whole diocese— as ruler and overseer. Here we cannot forget how clearly, in reference to the other orders of the Church, you have recognised, and how per severingly you have laboured to assign to them, their proper sphere of influence and duty. You have not been content to be ' a lord over us,' but have called us to take our proper part in the general work of helping you ' to set in order' all things. The Diocesan Synod will, we trust, Ion? survive as the best monument of your Episcopate! It has already created parochial endowments, fostered the growth of Heathen Mission and Home Mission Funds, and led to the establish ment on a satisfactory basis of a Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund. Yonr Lordship was called to the charge of tha diocese, in which you had to contend with peculiar and what must hare seerrfed at tha time unexampled difficulties. But you have effec tually vindicated the Church from the reproach of being unable to do its work except in depen dence on State support. Above all, we rejoice that in this diocese you have been enabled to how to us all so cloarly that in all matters affecting the regular ministration of religion the interests of the clergy and of the laity are one. How fully the laity have recognised thi3 they have practically shown in the establishment of a Church of England Endowment Society, which is likely to be a valuable auxiliary to the Synod in its attempts to give permanency to existing ministrations. As another evidence of the spirit of co-operation thus created, it has been your Lordship's happiness to live to see the walls of your Cathedral rising, and we trust that this happiness may be completed by your being permitted ere long to consecrate some portion of it to the holy uses for which it is designed. This review of your Episcopate cannot properly close without adverting to the interest you have always shown in behalf of an education at onco Christian in its spirit and duly respecting the consciences of others. The noblest of this is the Collegiate School of St. Peter, which under the present Principal and able staff of masters has taken the foremost place among the educational institutions of the colony. Last of all, suffer us to say that the Church over which you preside has mainly through your efforts attained a singular privilege, inasmuch as it has formed an institution, now self supporting, for the ' Christianization of the native population, whilst among our settlers it alone has extended its ministrations to the remotest places of the bush. Such ministrations have extended in the south-east to the Victorian border, in the west to Streaky Bay, and in the north to the districts lying within communication with Mount Re markable and Port Augusta. la long and fatiguing journeys your Lordship not only pre pared the way for such sustained efforts, but again and again supplied the place of the mis sionary clergy when some stress of circumstances had occasioned their temporary withdrawal. In the same spirit in dealing with the vice and misery which are unhappily incident to life in our larger towns, you in the work of the Female Refuge and other benevolent institutions set an example which good Christians of different com munions have gladly followed. 'But not any longer to dwell on particulars, it must be a matter of deep thankfulness to every member of our Church that in our first Bishop we have had one to whom has been granted so long a term of life, and who through his whole Episcopate has so constantly fulfilled the Apos tolic injunction, ' Feed the flock of God as much as in you lies, taking the oversight, not by constraint, but willingly.' 'It does not become us to criticise or praise your Lordship's public and official proceedings; but the act in which we are now engaged would be unmeaning were it not the expression of our conviction that you have fulfilled your vocation in the spirit of those words of St. Peter. We thank God for you, and with you that your assembled clergy and laity can thus, on the eve of a feast of St. Peter, unite with a clear mind and with grateful feelings in such a declaration; We trust you may still be spared for a long time to maintain your place under the Chief Shepherd of the whole flock of God. ' And we pray you to accept from us, as a sign of our filial reverence, and as a symbol of your office, this pastoral staff. 'We are your Lordship's faithful and dutiful clergy and laity. ' For the subscribers, ' A. Russell, ' Chairman of the Committee.' When he had read the address, the Dean said— The persons taking part in this act of reverence and affection include members of our Church in all parts of the diocese. Their names are not here appended, because daily new names are being forwarded from distant places; but so soon as a complete list of the signatures has been obtained it will be forwarded to your Lordship. In the meantime I have to ask you to regard myself, as Chairman of the Com mittee, as representing the subscribers. The Bishop then, holding the staff 'iloffc, said— This pastoral staff, with which yoii, my brethren of the clergy and ]sii^r.. haye^been pleased to honou»JS7Services of 25 years mttor Epi§cppste, is an emblem of the office and duties of a Bishop not less expressive than appropriate. It is at once the symbol of loving authority and devoted obligation. It has also a twofold aspect and regard. It lifts the thoughts from earth to Heaven; and thence carries them back to the wilderness of this world, in which the flock of Christ, purchased with His own blood, the special objects of God's care, is still wander ing. It speaks, therefore, 'to the inner ear devout' of faithfulness to the 'Chief Shepherd; of self- sacrifice; of love and tender care; of vigilance and boldnes in defence of His sheep, for whom He laid down His life; of the 'ready mind' to do and suffer in their behalf, scorning filthy lucre, er that more suble sin, the love of power, and dominion over God's heritage. This staff, then, is the symbol of a responsibility awful in its nature, and vast in its extent. It is a teacher, not of piide, but humility; not of boasting, but self-abasement; not of human strength, but carnal weakness; not of self reliance, but prayer for help from the Spirit of God. In this sense alone, brethren, dare I receive it at your hands. None know better than yourselves that 'it is a small thing to be judged of man's judgment.' I accept it never theless as a token of your good-will. If, to use the language of our Ordination Service, I have been among you as 'a shepherd, not a wolf ;' if I have fed and not devoured the flock ; if I have in any measure 'holden up the weak, healed the sick, bound up the broken ; if I have brought again the outcast, and sought the lost,' I thank God in this behalf; and I pray that 'the blood of souls,' perhaps, through my negligence, ' Lost to be found no more,' may not be imputed to me, for His sake who died for sinners. Again, it is difficult indeed to be ' so merciful as not to be too remiss; and so to minister discipline as not to be forgetful of mercy.'' It only remains, therefore, that I should ask your prayers and the prayers of this congregation, as well as of the ' brethren' in the' diocese at large, that ' our merciful Father may so endue' me to the end of my days ' with the Holy Spirit,' that preaching His word I may be earnest to reprove, beseech,' and rebuke, with all patience and doctrine ; and also be to such as believe a wholesome example in word, in conversation, in love, in faith. That so fulfilling my course, I may at the latter day receive the crown of righteousness, which the Lord the Righteous Judge shall give to all who love His appearing ; even our Lord Jesus Christ, who with the Father and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever one God, world without end. Amen. This reply was delirered with deliberate and impressive emphasis. It was evident that the Bishop spoke under feelings of deep emotion, and in more than one passage he rose to an eloquence almost passionate— notably in that portion of his reply which bore reference to the circumstances under which he accepted the to\cen of veneration from his flock. M the close of the address the congregation united in the ' Te Deum,' which had been ex cellently arranged by Mr. George Oughton, and was sung to the 8th Gregorian Tone, 1st ending. The service was brought to a close by a short prayer, and the benediction pronounced by the Bishop. During the collection of the offertory Mr. Oughton played as a voluntary an Arietta from Haydn's Op. 37, and closed with the. ' Gloria in Excelsis,' from Mozart. ! His Excellency the Governor and the Private Secretary occupied seats in the chancel, and the church was crowded to excess, seats having to be arranged along the aisles. ; ; The staff, which is the workmanship of Mr. Steiner, of Rundle-street,is made of South Aus tralian blackwood, and is 5 feet 7inches long. At thetop of thestaff 13 an elaborately chased hookof Gothic design, in which is the figure of St. Peter holding the proverbial keys. Both the fis^ire and the crook are of colonial silver, and are studded with amethysts, topazes, and garnets, rich in colour and brilliant in effect. In the centre of the staff there is a handsome silver band, chased and beautifully set with precious stones. It can be taken to pieces (for conve nience in travelling) and enclosed in a cedar case, on the lid of which is a silver cross under a silver plate bearing an inscription. The out line of the design was by Mr. Woods. 