THE OLD BUTLER'S STORY. BV ELIZA FRANCES MORI ARTY. (Continued) Well, I said that one of the visitors remained ; yes, the young American gentleman, who was paying his addresses to Miss Grace, stayed with Sir Bryan to the very last. One week alter, when Sir Bryan was jiointf to thravel on the continent, he was seated in ihe carriage beside him ]t would melt the heart of a stoneto see my dear master, as he stood upon the lawn before getting into the carriage, turn slowly round with a melancholy gaze at the old pile, as il something whispered to hiin that he was looking his last upon it, and the servants standing by silently weeping. At that moment' what should come bounding towards him but Miss Grace's pet fawn. With a smothered groan and trembling from head to foot he stepped into tho rarriage, where sat nty Jady, looking unmoved and giving orders to the nurse who was beside her, with the young heir of Mountmain in her arms. Jiisi before the carriage passed the gales, Sir Bryan leaned out and gave a parting look at the old home, which had been his heaven of happiness through a long tife—his purgatory of suffering for a few short days. While 1 blessed that sad face when I saw it again, a'shiver went through my heart, well knowing what a had sign . it was for one to look hack that was going on a journey! After that the castle was shut up and but a few of the old servants relumed to take care of the place, and with a sigh for old .times, 1 turned to the new life opcniivgbefore me. My Nora's father was now sleeping- beneath the dasies in the churchyard, aud in the same lioly ground her mother and my dear parents were laid. Heaven rest all their souls in M«ry! With the savings of years I was able to lease a small farm and stock it without delay ; but by the lime I was comfortably settled, there came the sorrowful account of Sir Bryan's death at Rome. ' He died of a slow [ever,' his physician said. A slow fever! if>ever a heart was broken by wrovv, that heart was Sir Bryan « Weill's. Ah, sad as was this news, we were half prepared to hear it, for wer smce Sir Bryan went away the banshee was heard wailing all round e castle at the dead of the night, "e never could learn whether he """gave his misguided daughter or jot, and from the morning that she appeared, nothing was ever heard ' , » "t as time wore on the Wtcr ceased b to be talked about. my o JSJeill remaining in England, ere she intended to bring up her Z' Mortmain Castle soon had the ffarance being deserted, no o f >Weps ever waking up the echoes J" were left to sleep undisturbed in grand old halls. S i x y e a r s Gf shinn Pl shed their sunm e aceni h a , i n e s s Sent d,ed J our who little had "««uc, home, beeu appointed when wueu the me LJ , > leaving his r y a n 1 , i r a s e , f p l a c e f test to tyrants be filled by one of the *. ea ° that since the days of er his ever profaned the earth % inr J? - It didn't take »l5i H ! r e s e n c e greedy eyes U n t o fiet h i s most nS? J ' the d M a d e l o r t| rduct.ve of the parish. In a ^tl s^r - i c d i s c o v c r e d a f l a t v« bilS? C e h ? g S ° f h a l r e d t h a t 01 God's l a r t towards one ^ders tn a t ? e s ' 1 , e c e ived his C O R N W A L f J » w i P ? over a s the^months that - never a ' ^ p ^ « fh7:m" t t o o p e n a , i t t , e the Village; s o we rented one that da a y mT;.v s The T S k e P y ° " " g 0 d W , n o f a i n MountsmItiZ ° Prosperity was smiling on our U r S ; way, a g a i n and contentment, like a wandering dove flew in at our . death and famine went hand-in-hand, j>«id a year from the day we went to live in the: village the closed shutters of our little shop showed the-miHi- »our that good fortune had deseiMed DarUy Doyle as well as the rest of them It made our hearts sick to see the misery and suffering around "s ; but we had reason to be grateful, lor the good Lord kept want and •sickness from our door. 'Tvvas at «his sad time that I determined to try <»y fortune in America.' Mine was the breaking heart the day that I was orced to part from my darlings, yet lor their sakes. a smiling lace hid the darkness within-dark, dark., it was, cold and- dark. -iDilh/i I See mv children scatteredone here and one Here, among our poor friends, and their sorrowing mother going out in service to help to support them! We parted I tore myself from their arms, and running. along the road to be the sooner out of their sight, every sob and cry sent after me were like so many daggers in my heart. I Was thrave ling (ro„i Mountmain to Cork fnti '/ ! ?'?'" , ^ Ynrl 1 w u ? t h a j t s w r e e t c i t v 1 orh. Wcir,;it was: S l n p the;last j i n t o day]of N e w t X S T ' ." Y" - xnra veiled on, w h e thinking r n a ol n d x the y e a r pasti y 1 r and gone, ol the happy days thatliod passed away like a dream, the weeping wile and children I left behind ine, and whose kisses were yet fresh <••« my lips. 1 hough my heart was ' • A ™oment its sorrows were forgotten, w a while a feeling of pity stole over it at the sight of a poor woman on the road before riie,-with a heavy. load upon her back. She seemed leady to sink to the ground with weariness, while everynowarul then she would il^e obliged iff layjdpwn the basket that she was carrying. Weak and tired as J was I was unable to give her any «sstetance, and "having to stop tp rest myself she was out ol sight when t started^ again on my way. I hadn't gone far- though, when a sudden turn in the road brought uie close beside her, as she sat on the wayside picking the thorns out of her bare feet. The head ol her blue cloth cloak had fallen over her (ace, shading it from view ; but with surprise I noticed her small white feet, and my heart melted with pity when I saw the blood trickling slowly from one ot them. I offered to help her. She raised her head as if to thank me, the hood fell back, and the minute 1 looked in her face I knew her; changed as she was, I knew Miss Grace. * Oh, my God ! it is Miss Grace!' When 1 uttered the words she started wildly up, and the next minute fell fainting on the ground. Trembling with grief to sec her reduced to such a state, I lifted her gently, and rushing to the spring that flowed across the road I sprinkled her pale sweet lace with the cool refreshing water. Oh, what were my feelings as I bent over her, thinking of the time when she used to ride through Mountmain on her little pony, and her footman in livery following her, while the women, spinning at their doors, would bless _ her as she passed ! Ah, could Sir Bryan ' look down from his home iu Heaven, and see his 'fair one with the golden locks,' as he loved to call her, lying senseless on the roadside, and the golden loeks now sprinkled with the white emblems of sorrow and care ! She knew me at once, and my presence brought back all that she had lost. Oh, then how she cried—I thought her tears would never stop flowing; I was crying like a child myself, for it would be the hard heart that would remain unmoved before the agony of that darling young lady. It was a painful thing to me to be answering the plain truth to all her questions about the way that Sir Bryan and Lady O'Neill bore her elopement and marriage, when every sad reply made her sob and cry as if her heari would break. At last, when her grief seemed to have spent itself, 1 ventured to ask her if she would allow me to carry her basket for her. I hanking me in trembling tones, she said that she would be grateful lor my assistance, being too weak and too tired to carry in any further herself. She lived about a quarter ol a mile distant, and as we went along of her own accord she gave me "an account of the unhappy life she had been leading for seven long years. She had taken "a foolish fancy to Jimmy Drake, she said, and poor young innocent as she was she thought him as perfect as man could be, and only wanting wealth to make him' a gentleman. . She soon found to her cost . how ''deceived she had been in him, but repentance cairie too 1 fate'? when she fled from '.Mountmain Castle she'partpd for ever witft happiness, tb 'exchangie it for' misery add suffering. - After . .beiiig ' married ito him in a neighboring town they went to Cork to li ve, where the small sum of money - she .possessed supported them for a while! Time passed ob, d as all the letters :she had written Sir Bryan and Lady O'Neill were returned unppened. novertv at length 0 , c c d h e r t o apply for as^istanc<Tto er rich relatives bbth in England and treland: but their unfeeling answers to her touching letters were more painful to her sensitive nature than if they remained silent and indifferent. Knowing how Sir Bryan and Lady O'Neill idolised their daughter, Jimmy hoped that, after a i while, they would open lovin* arms to her; but when he became convinced th*t,«he had wounded their pride too deeply to be forgiven, then he be-an by slow torture to revenge himself on the-poor hapless young lady for disappointment in not receiving the great fortune that he had all along been expecting. He brought her soon alter to this wild country place, and here she had been living ever since, leading the Iile of a slave between him and his mother. AIL the rough work of the fields was done by her tejjder hands, and the produce brought home on her back for the distance of half a mile; this was her employment when I met her. While she was speaking her old manner seemed to have lost its natural gentleness; a kind of wilderness in her look plainly showed that despair was the only feeling left in her heart. So 1 thought; but when I said how surprised I was that she should continue to live with him and endure such cruel usage, when with the education she had received she could support herself comfortably, a solt light dawned in her eyes, and the bitterness of her tones melted into sweetness as she said : "Ah, Darby, I am a mother. Heaven has given me two darling children. For their sakes I endure all my sufferings uncomplainingly." Then, clasping her hands and raising her streaming eyes to Heaven, she cried: " Oh, my father! my father! 1 deserve all this pain and punishment lor the sorrow I brought you and—," she broke down with grief. J or many minutes nothing was heard but 7 her low moaning sobs, and the blackbirds and thrushes ; singing for very happiness,as she had often done in the blessed days that had passed away for ever. It wrung my heart to see her agony; but when I attempted to comfort her, she said in a choking voice: "O, let me weep ! For seven long years these tears have been frozen in ray heart." Yet in the iieight^f her grief she inquired in her own kind way for Nora and the children, and when she heard of our troubles, with her sweet hopeful words she cheered my sinking heart and made the future look brighter before me. By this time we had arrived at a ltttle cabin ou the side of the road, and turning to me she said with a smile, "That is my castle, Darby." Once before 1 had seen just such another smile, and th^t was on Sir Bryans's face the morning that his happiness received its deathstroke. We now stood outside the cabin door, which was partly open. She asked me to stay and rest myself ; but as 1 glanced in and saw Mr Jimmy sitting inside smoking his pipe by the fire, I didn't dare to trust myself ;in his presence, for the hot blood of anger was rushing through my veins, and a desire to revenue the wrongs of her who stood weeping before me burning in my heart. So I laid down the basket of potatoes, which was no light load; and holding i|i;y,fet/,in';my hind, I:turned, halfchoked with'gpiefj.to Miss : ferace and said: Good-byesMiss Grace." I couldn't bring myself to call her by hot; married name. ; ^Giopd- bye, flIUs Griacej dear, and may heaven's smile light upon you night and day ; and iTiay-Jlie. sor,rowf|il tears you.have shed here on earth be shining gems in .the crown of glory, that awaits you in ,-a better world:" Her trembling hand, cold as death, was in'mine; her lips tooled' but her eyes' alone expressed ^'what ,'her tong,ue J^led! -to utter, „I, bowed my head ais ifliwas receiving the blessings of kn angel ; then in silence arid tears, on'both sides, we parted. , Six/ weeks after I landed in, New Yoik,,with but one shilling in mv pocket aud nowhere to lay my he d After waiidcring about the grea en all day long, at last, tired, weak and hungry, I turned into, an illegant private street* wheue all the houses looked like palaces, and sat down on a door step to rest myself. ; I. wasn't there many minutes when ^ gentleman came down the street'and turned to go up the steps. He was a fine looking man about thirty, with a mild, thoughtful look, but Mere was that in his faqe that sadly ishowed his heart contained a haunted chamber, through which the ghost, of a lost love flitted continually. A*s he stood before me 1 remembered him at once, for . it was no other than the American gentleman who was at Mountmain Castle for so Ibnjgatime. I took hope Wom the recollection of his former kindness of manner, and yet half-doubting I said: "Mr Yielding, I believe you don't know me, sir?' He looked at me for a minute or more with a pleasant inquiring smile, saying that though my features were familiar, he could not bring to mind where he had seen me before When I spoke of Mountmain Castle lie started, his lips quivered, and a deep flush passed over his face, leaving it almost death-like in its paleness! Alter a little while he remembered me, and on learning that I was without friends and money he kindly brought me into his uncle's house, where he was then on a visit: Tvvo days after he returned to his father's plantation in Louisiana. He never married, and now that his widowed father is dead he lives alone in the home of his boyhood. The day alter 1 met iiini, he himself came here to Staten Island with me, and through his recommendations I was at once employed by Gineral Granger, and with him I've been living ever since. f To be concluded in our next.} 