ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. ORDINATION OF REV. M. O'REGAN. Yesterday morning at 9 o'clock a select congre- gation admitted by ticket, in order to prevent crowding, assembled in St. Mary's Cathedral to witness the impressive ceremony of a Priest's Ordination. In this colony it is a ceremony of rare occurrence, the last ordination being that of Rev. M. O'Callaghan, of Longford, which took place in St. Joseph's Church, in the year 1855. As many of our readers, therefore, may wish to read some de- scription of such a ceremony, we shall give a resume of what took place yesterday morning. At 9 o'clock the procession issued from the sacristy, headed by crossbearer and acolytes in cottas and purple soutanes. The clergymen present were the Ven. Archdeacon Marum, who assisted the Bishop during the ordination service, the Rev. C. P. Woods assisting the priest-elect, the Revs. Messrs. Sheehy and Henebry as chanters, Revs. Thomas Kelsh and J. Murphy as deacon and sub- deacon, and Rev. D. F. X. Beechinor as master of ceremonies. The Rev. M. O'Regan was vested as deacon and carried the priest's chasuble on his left arm. The procession was closed by the Most Rev. Bishop Murphy in full pontificals, who on arriving at the altar immediately commenced mass, the choir singing the Kyrie. After finishing the Epistle His Lordship was seated in a chair before the altar, and the Archdeacon requested the Onlinandus to approach saying, Accedat qui ordinandus est ad ordinem Presbyteratus. The candidate for the priesthood having knelt before the Bishop, the Archdeacon presented him to be ordained, saying : " Most Rev. Father, our Holy Mother the Catholic Church requests you to ordain the Deacon here present to the burthen (ad onus) of the priesthood." The Bishop then asked, " Do you know him to be worthy?" To which the Archdeacon replied, "As far as human frailty permits me to know, I know and testify him to be worthy for the burthen of this office." The Bishop having said deo gratias, con- tinued his exhortation to the candidate until the Litanies of the Saints were sung, during which the candidate was prostrate before the altar, and at the appointed time received the triple benediction from the Bishop. At the end of the Litanies his Lord- ship placed both hands on the head of the candidate, the same ceremony being repeated in turn by all the priests present, after which the prayer consecrated by the usage of ages was said, imploring the choicest blessings of heaven upon him who had been called to so exalted an office. The other prescribed prayers having been said, the Bishop changed the stole of a deacon, hitherto worn by the candidate, to that of a priest, and also vested him with the chasuble, which was folded on his shoulders till near the end of the ordination, saying, while changing the stole, Accipe, &c;, "receive the yoke of the Lord, for His yoke is sweet and His burthen light." And when putting on the chasuble, "receive the priestly vestment, by which charity is signified ; for Cod is able to increase in thee charity and a perfect work." The Holy Spirit was soon after invoked in the hymn Veni Creator Spiritus, which was sung with the full and correct Roman intonation, and was considered very solemn by many present. At the end of the first verse of the hymn the Bishop, being seated before the altar, anointed the hands of the candidate with the holy oil of catechumens, and then delivered to him the chalice containing wine and water, with the paten and host, saying Accipe potestatem, &c;, " receive the power of offering sacrifice to God, and celebrating Masses both for the living and the dead. In the name of the Lord. Amen." The Bishop and candidate both washed their hands, and when the latter had presented a lighted caudle to the Bishop as an offertorium Mass was continued, the whole being said in a loud voice to enable the newly ordained to say the Mass together with the Bishop, and after the Agnus Dei the pax was given to him by the Bishop. The Communion being ended some other special prayers were said over the newly ordained, who also made a solemn profession of faith in reciting the Apostles Creed, after which the Bishop placing both hands on the head of the candidate said, Accipe spiritum sanctum, &c;, "receive the Holy Ghost, whose sins you shall remit, shall be remitted to them, and whose you shall retain, shall be retained." The chasuble was then unfolded, with the words, "May the Lord vest thee with the stole of innocence. " The ordained then promised obedience to the Bishop and his suc- cessors, and received the acolade from the Bishop. An exhortation, followed by the Episcopal benediction and other prayers, brought the ceremony to a conclusion, the choir singing the Te Deum, whilst the procession returned to the sacristy, in the same order in which they had entered the sanctuary. The high altar on this occasion was moved out of the sanctuary, in order to give all present an opportunity of wit- nessing the ceremonies without any crowding or inconvenience, and was very tastefully decorated with evergreens and flowers by the Nuns of the Presentation Convent. 