LATING TIE FOUNDATION.STONE OF A PRESlBYT'ERIAN Ct1URO) i AT MORO WOLLEN. Os .l Moudy afllornnon thu crormocy of layiong the foundtion-·stone of a new Presbytorian church at' Mor'owolleh whao ituuseud by a large number of Ipcreons. The aite chosen is an half.aore allotmient, oiven for the purpose by Mr. John Maorrice, and situated in the centre of the township of Morowollen. Four o'olook being the hour fixed for the eoremony to talto pelaoo, persons from around the neighbour hood, together with severral visitore from Ooulburn, began to congregate; and some short time after tbhe hour appointod, there was a very large etteodante of epeotators. The proceedings were commenced by the Rev. S. F. Mackenzie readng a chapter from the Book of Chronicles and offering up prayer. At the conlousion, he said he was glad to see so many present that day jolaing in a work for the glory of God; end it was a proof that their inten tiona otmro good, hby gathering together as they had on that ocoasion to pay respect to thebo one true God. He was proud to fled that not alone had members of his own congregation contributed towards the fends for the erection of the building, but persons of varlous doenominations had assisted in thebo work; nnd nothing waoul~d please him more than to seo other denomlnations worshipin?g in-the building wbhen it was oomplod. TCYhon the church was not requlred by those connected with the Presbyterian oongregatlnn, he would be only too glad to see those of other denominationas worshipping init After he introduoed the lady to lay the stone, he wished all those present would give whrat they could towards reduolog the amount required for the oompletion of the building. The entire coast of it was put down at £250, and he baollevd there was not half that amount raised. Mr. J. Ferguson had worked assi diously and untiringly in order to have the work ad. vancod; and it was solely throuh his endeavours that it had prospered as it had. He trusted that that I gentleman's efforts would be strengthened by the subscriptions of those present, and that at the con clusion of the ceremony the debt on the building would be considerably lessened. If all gavers a little towards the object, the debt remaining would be easily paid oiff. He would introduce Miss tRanken, the lady deputed to lay the stone. A bottle containing a copy of the 8. M. Herald and a sketch of the plans and specifications of the building was placed in a vacant place underneathb the stone. Mlr. WV. R. Farrow, the contractor for the erection of the building, then presented Miss ?Rasnken with a handsome box mallet, on the bottom of which was aI silver plate suitably engraved. Miss Itanken nccepted thebo present, thanking Mr. Farrow. The lady then laid the stone in the usual manner; and striking it with the mallet, said, " I lay this the foundation- stone of the Plresbyterian clhurch at Morowollen, in the name of the Father and of the Soan and of the Holy Ghost." She then turned towards those present and said,-I can assure you the laying of this stone has given me real pleasuare. It cannot fail to be a subjeot of rejoicing in the heart of every one that a house for the public worship of God is so soon to be erected on this spot, \--nolther root of the good old tree of Scotland to hbe planted in Australia. Though far from the land of its birth, let us do our utmost to nourish and ctrengthen it; so that by God'a blessing it may grow and flourish, and year by year spread its branches nearer bheaven. At the same time let us preserve a liberal and kindly feeling towards other communions, i knowing that we all strive for the same great end the gloriflcation of our God. The honour conferred on me to-day I feel to be a great one; but my words are weak to enpress my feeltings, so I shall conclude with the player that God may bless the laying of this stone. The Rev. S. F. Mackenzie hoped all those present would lay on the stone as much as they could afford towards paying off the debt which would exist st the completion of the building. The Rev. Mr. Gilby then offered up a short prayer. At the conclusion of the ceremony the money placed on the stone was counted, and the sum of £10 was found to have been subscribed. In the evening, about sin o'clock, a tea-meeting and concert took place in the temperance hall, which was nicely decorated with various flags, banners hearing suitable mottoes, evergreens, flowers, &o.; There must hare been at least a hundred and fifty persons present, the whole of whom appeared to do justice to the numerous good things provided. After theb tables had been cleared and removed from the room, a public meeting, enlivened by music and sinning, was held. The Rev. S. F. Mackaenzie opened the meeting by giving out the lst and 2nd verses of the 100th Psalm, which were sung. The Rev. Mr. Gilby then enaged in prayer. The Rev. Mr. McKienzie said they need not be the least afraid of his going to make a long speech as it was not his intention to do any suchb thing. He had promised them that he would not do so, and hbe in tended keeping his promise, as he knew it was not speaking that those present wished to bear-it was the singing and mesia. He would be brief, aed trusted those who followed him would follow his ex ample. He had much plenasure in introducing Johb Morrice Esq. to take the chair, The Chairman had much pleasure in meeting suoh an assemblage that evening; but he regretted some other pearsoan better fitted had not been selected to fill the office. The object for which they had met was a good one, and be hoped all would assist to carry out the noble work, and try to raise funds. If all put their abshoulders to the wheels the task would be an easy one to carry out. The heads of families should insist on their children attending a place of worahip in order that they might be trained up properly. He then introduced the various persons who were to take part in the concert. !Miss Hely played a tousicsl selection on the piano, after which Miss Rankenn and Miss Jamieson sang with much taste the Gipsy Countess, which was on cored. The Rev. Mr. Gilby then addressed the meeting and rejoiced at seeing so many present uniting in such a glorious work. The object was one for God's cause; and if all worked together, bearing in their minds the motto, " unity is strength " their labours n 4 titrlYifif'ua together in the work of the Lord, prosperity was nsure to follow them. If those connected with all the churches did the same they would prosper, Zion would prosper, and religion would increase rapidly throughout the length and breadth of the land. He was glad to see that the people of Morowollen were alive to the work of religion, and did not allow matters to stand still. If they kept on jogging they would not have a church atloan, but chburiobes dedicated to God wherein they could all worship. their Helivenly Father. ie trusted that many souls would be savbd in this building. Such meetings of unity in aid of such a oauss all tended to secure saletation for them; aid if they continued to keep on the path of holiness they would eventually reach the Itodeemer's kingdom. In order to complete thb building more money was required; and he hoped all would give liberally towards the object. Mr. IL Craig junior recited a piece entitled' Modern Logio M iss Wilson, with manuoh expression, sang Annie Laurie, for which sbe received an encore; Miss MI. Thompson and Mrs. R.; Oraig sang very sucessfully a duet, The Two Conins; and Mr. Ferguson 'afterwards sang The New Land of Ours; Mir. Simpson rendered in avery able manner a reel tation, which gained for him great applause; Miss Jane Ferguson sang the Bonnie Hills of Scotland; Mr. apons recited Shakespearo's soliloquy on death; and Mr. Olarke sang the Blighted Flower. Mr. R. Oraig junior was glad to fled that the people of Morowollen had acted wisely, like Solomon, in building God a house. They had laid the founda tion-etone of a church that day, which he trusted they would all soon worship in, and their children after them. He would like to see persons of every denomination worshipping together in it. Often discnusesione arose about small matters in connection with religion; but he felt sure every person could employ their.time with greater advantage by build ing bchurcbhes or even delivering traots He felt pleased that he had came down to joinin sunch a good work. He would at all times be only too happy to assist in every possible way in forvuardiog sueach an object. If fathers and mothers looked after their chldren, taught them their evening prayers, and made them attend divine worship, he: felt sure they would be repaid hereafter. He would notmake a long speeth that night, and only hoped ai would subscribe towards paying off the debt., Miss Holy played a pinnoforle piece with graceful oexecution; after which the Misses Thompson sang a dustl, O'er the Hill, O'er the Dale ; Mise hi. Fergu son sang a solo; and Mliss tanken and Misis Jamie son followed with a duet called the Hunting Tower, which caused conaiderable laughtei and was encored; Mlr. and Mise Simpson were happy in the comic ~BO duet, and were called to the front again; two serao-omio songs' wers onet sng by one of the amateurs; and Mr. Oaponr and Mr. G. Prossar con eluded the prhgramio h?-each eloginr a 'solo. The noar. Mr. Mackenzie rose to'call for a vote eOf thauke to the ladies and gentlemen who had afforded themnsuch mausio aud singing that evening, lie alluded partloularly to Mliss Ranken who had carried out the work entrusted to her that day with much precision and firmness. He was more than ordinarily aurprisead, and sea reporlter was present that evening he trusted the appropriate words used by Miss Rankia would be published entirely. He generally got the name of being a prime hoggar; but as they had given towards the churchb that day, and aupple mented their gifts during the evening by attending, he would not ask them to givro further on that occasion. With t £10reived at the s0rrciedtone that day, togethebor with what had been taken that even ing, the debt would be reduood to sbout half, He was Ileaseod with the result, and hoped the whole amount would soon be paid onil. There was also thanks due to the ladiaes for waiting at the tables. On the previous ocscasion they had provided the tablrs; but that could not be expioted always to be done. Speoial thanks were due to the OChairman for presiding, and be hoped those present would carry tht different votes of thanks by acclamation, This having been done, the Chairman acknow ledged bthe compliment, and was pleased to find that he had given them satflaeltion. The singing of the National Anthem brought the whole proceedings to a close. 