RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. South Australian Baptist Association. The annual meetings of this body were com- menced on Wednesday, September 3, in Flinders-street Lecture Hall, where notwith- sanding the wet weather the attendance was good. At 10.30 a.m. a prayer meeting was held, and at 11 a.m. THE BUSINESS MEETING took place in the Hall. The Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., the late Chairman of the Associa- tion, introduced the Rev. J. Price as the Chair- man for the ensuing year, and dwelt upon the amount of good done by gatherings like the present, as they not only facilitated Church work, but promoted Christian fellowship. They to a certain extent resembled a Parliament, but differed from political gatherings, inasmuch as they had higher interests at stake than those which marked the affairs of this world. He spoke of the efficacy of earnest prayer, and suggested that a whole day in the year might be set aside for prayer. Some of the Churches had progressed favourably during the year, and others had not been so prosperous as could have been desired; but he trusted that no feeling of discouragement would arise because of the ill success in some quarters, but that there would be an earnest effort made to promote future prosperity. CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Chairman (the Rev. J. Price) then read an address upon "Rest and Effort considered as Conditions in the Life of Godliness." The Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., after a few comments, moved— "That a vote of thanks be accorded to the Rev. J. Price for his paper, and that the address be printed in Truth and Progress; also, that 1,000 copies be struck off for distribution." The Rev. J. M. Day, of Kapunda, seconded, and the motion was carried. The Rev. H. J. Lambert read the Annual Report of the Committee of the South Aus- tralian Baptist Association, September 3, 1873. 'Christian Brethren and Friends— "In striking the first tone of our report we scarcely know whether to sound a full major or a plaintive minor chord; whether in painting our picture we should chiefly use bright colours or those of a sombre hue. We know of much that has been disappointing and depressing and humiliating ; but, thank God, we know of much else full of life and cheer. Should we conclude that all the results of our work are known to us —that there is no fruit of our efforts beyond what we can see— then we must be sad, and only sad. But besides the work of saving souls, in which we share with all Christians, we have a special witness to make— a witness by which we seek to secure and maintain the purity of Christ's Church in its membership and ordi- nances, and in this our witness we cannot labour in rain or speed our strength for naught. "Churches Assisted.— During the year your Committee have rendered help to the Churches at Moonta, Teatree Gully, and Inglewood by such grants of money as have greatly assisted the brethren to maintain their pastors. The Church at Mount Gambier during the early part of this year received such encouragement from the Association in the residence and labours of our evangelist, the Rev. D. Badger. Since February Mr. Badger has been located at Sad- dleworth, where he has been the means of con- siderably strengthening and building up the Church. In addition to these the various Churches and stations upon our preachers' plan have been constantly visited by those who have well sustained the services for Divine worship and preaching of the Gospel. ' Preachers' Plan.— Some six months since it was deemed desirable to change the method of supplying our stations with preachers. For- merly the Secretary of the Association was responsible for these supplies. But notwith- standing great care in the arrangements there were frequent failures and cries of disappoint- ment. Under the new method our larger Churches undertake the responsibility of supply- ing the smaller Churches that are near and need such help. Thus this part of our work is more simple, and we believe is working most satis- factorily. We understand the congregations generally are more regular and more encou- raging. ' Lay Preachers. — We feel it right and appropriate to acknowledge the willing and efficient help rendered by many brethren who i-uil from their hours of business or leisure time for preparation,and then on the Lord's Day often deny themselves greatly by going forth in all weathers to preach the Gospel. To these brethren many of our country Churches are deeply indebted. Such labourers for the Master's sake cannot lose their reward, and your Committee would appeal to others among our young men who are gifted to speak that they should seek employment in this work. Churches still needing Aid.— While most of our Churches are self-supporting— and not a few have attained this position, largely through the liberal and timely help rendered from our funds— there are yet several needing assistance. Your Com- mittee for the ensuing year will therefore need funds, from which to strengthen the hearts of pastors and people by helping to remove, or better still, by preventing financial embarrass- ment. Other Churches again need pastors— e.g., Magill, Aldinga, Saddleworth, and Mount Gambier — where in either case we believe a devoted man, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, would be warmly welcomed, and with a little assistance comfortably maintained. Magill and Aldinga being within easy distance have been well cared for. Saddleworth has also enjoyed the presence and labour of the Rev. D. Badger; but Mount Gambier, owing to its distance and isolation, has languished con- siderably. Your Committee deeply regretted the necessity for transferring Mr. Badger's services to the North, but it was felt that the new areas had the greater claims, and we hoped that the Mount Gambier Church would have been in the position long ere this to invite and settle a pastor in their midst. Some four or five other localities also present themselves to your Committee as most promising fields for labour hd they the men to send. Your Committee deeply regret their inability up to the present to meet the wants of these districts together with the increasing demands of the new areas. We believe there is ample room for at least three or four additional ministers of Christ to labour with us here. During this year your Committee have not been able to bring from England any fresh workers. Instructions, however, have been sent to the Rev. J. L. Parsons and Messrs. Goode and Fowler to send us one brother at once, if possible. We are also anticipating the early arrival of Mr. Bottrill from England. The understanding with your Committee was that at the expiration of two years he would return to labour here. He should have completed his studies at Regent's Park College in July last. 'Our Evangelist. — Your Committee gladly bear testimony to the untiring energy and efficient services of the Rev. D. Badger as evangelist in connection with this Association. Since the beginning of February Mr. Badger has been residing at Saddleworth, and together with the oversight of the Church there, has been engaged in preaching and conducting services for worship on the new areas North. In several of these localities a lively interest has been awakened, and at Georgetown the brethren have accepted plans, and are already preparing to build a house for God. Your Committee feel very keenly the urgent claims of these areas, and their present inability to meet those claims. They sincerely trust that the time is not far distant when at least other evangelists for Christ shall be working with us among those scattered, but rapidly-increasing populations. Mr. Badger always speaks encouragingly of his work, but constantly laments there is not more agency. "We are glad to state here that one young man, who has long rendered useful service to the Churches as a preacher, is now most earnestly seeking to improve his powers for usefulness. Our brother has determined to devote some two months, which he feels he can spare from his business, to the greater advan- tages offered by residence in town. He is attending some classes at the Union College, and also availing himself of help other- wise rendered. Of his gifts and graces which fit him for this work we have good testimony, and we should rejoice were his way made plain to enter our ministry. Should other young men of known piety and proved preaching power feel constrained to follow this brother's example, and would apply for aid — even though they did not fully enter the ministry —your Committee would gladly give any such case their most careful and encouraging atten- tion. We need all those who can evidence that they are sent of God. "Changes in Pastorate.— Our two brethren who at our last annual meetings were compara- tive strangers to us are now settled over Churches— the Rev. M. Lloyd being pastor of the Alberton Church, and the Rev. H. Morgan being pastor of Lyndoch Valley and South Rhine Churches. We are glad also to know that our brother, Mr. Lloyd, is enabled to preach and minister to the Welsh population at Port Adelaide in their native tongue. The Rev. J. Renney has become during the year pastor of the Teatree Gully and Inglewood Churches. The Church at Magill has been deprived of its pastor by the removal of Mr. J. Birks. We are thankful to God that death has not thinned our ranks this year; but we miss our brother, the Rev. J. L. Parsons, from our meeting, who is visiting Europe to recruit his health and strength. We shall gladly welcome himself and family on their return. " Church Building and Extension. — We have but little to record here. At Gawler, where God has so manifestly shown His favour, the original church has been altered and enlarged, so as to afford at present sitting accommodation for 380 persons. At Flinders-street a gallery has been constructed free of debt, and providing 300 additional seats in the church. This exten- sion may be considered equal to a good-sized church or chapel. At Norwood an infant schoolroom and three smaller class-rooms have been added to the school buildings— also free of debt. " Half-yearly meetings were held at Gawler on 11th April last. The large attendance at both business and public meetings was most gratifying. Throughout the meetings were an unqualified success, and we think fully vindicate the adoption and justify the continuance of such gatherings, especially if held in the country an on a public holiday. 'Aged Ministers' Relief Fund.— This is now an institution in connection with our denomina- tion, and must become the means of comfort, and blessing to many. The sum of over a thousand pounds is in trust, and roles for guiding the Committee in dealing with any income arising from the fund have been adopted. This fund, as also our Building Fund and our magazine Truth and Progress, will be reported upon separately. 'Our library has enjoyed considerable quiet this year. But few volumes have been added and although a goodly number of readers have availed themselves of the privilege, there is great room for improvement in both respects. 'Our Book Depot— Although not exactly an associational work, yet we think it worthy of remark. In the Lecture Hall, Flinders-street Baptist Church, tracts, pamphlets, and books of an evangelical character, and peculiarly fitted for usefulness, are always on hand for sale. 'In conclusion, we are quite sure that a wide field is open to our work, and we ought to press forward. There is and will be increasingly the need for liberality and devotednees, but the past good season and present prospects of the colony should certainly stimulate and encourage to a hearty response. Brethren, if we are true and faithful we need have no fear for results. Our work rests upon a firm basis. And with a never-varying appeal 'to the law and to the testimony' for all that we do, and with an un- swerving trust in Him unto whom belongeth all power, we may be confident of ultimate and abundant success. We commend the Association with its work to the sympathy of all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and to the blessing of our Triune God." At 1 p.m. an adjournment was made for luncheon, and the Association reassembled at 2.30. AGED MINISTERS' FUND. Mr. James Smith read the report of the Aged Ministers' Relief Fund, which showed that the amount in the National Bank at 3½ percent. was £l,000 6s.9d. PROPOSED BAPTIST BUILDINQ FUND. Amount in hand September 1, 1872, £12; and received since £4. TREASURER'S REPORT. Mr. Jas. Smith read the financial statement, which shOwed receipts £462 16S., and expendi- ture £470 3s., leaving a balance of £7 7s. due to the Treasurer. On the motion of Mr. Yates, seconded by Mr. Gurr, the annual report was adopted and ordered to be printed. The other reports were also adopted. PAPER. The Rev. J. M. Day read a paper on "The best mode of dealing with the Church pro- perty of the denomination." It was resolved to appoint the following as a Committee to consider the subject, and report at next half-yearly meeting:— Messrs. W. K. Thomas, James Smith, J. Neill, J. E. Dempster, and the Rev. J. M. Day. MAGAZINE REPORT. Mr. W. Neill read the report, which ex- pressed gratitude that the magazine — Truth and Progress— had been sustained through another year — the sixth of its history; but the con- tributions had been almost limited to those of Messrs. Price and Day. It had been the wish of the Editors to have a more extended field of writers, and it was hoped that ministers as well as laymen would furnish literary matter, so as to enable the conductors better to represent the denomination. The receipts had been £119 6s. 9d., and the expenditure £116 13s. 7d. The Revs. S. Fairey and J. M. Day were requested to act as Editors for the ensuing year. APPOINTMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES. The Revs. M. Lloyd and H. J. Lambert were appointed as representatives of the Association at the meetings of the Congregational Union and Presbyterian Assembly. HALF-YEARLY MEETING. It was resolved " That the next half-yearly meeting should be held at Kapunda." PAPER. The Rev. M. Lloyd read a paper on "Chris- tian zeal," in which he urged the necessity of exhibiting earnestness in carrying out Christian work, and firmness in dealing with the affairs of the world. It was proposed and carried that the thanks of the meeting be accorded to Mr. Lloyd for his paper, and that it be inserted in Truth and Progress. On the motion of Mr. W. K. Thomas, it was resolved — "That a collection be made after the Lord's Supper this evening, the proceeds to be divided between the City Mission and the Aborigines' Associations connected with Point Macleay and Point Pearce." Carried. COMMITTEE OF ADVICE. The Rev. S. Mead moved— 'That a Committee, to be called ' The Com mittee of Advice,' consisting of three ministers and four laymen, all being members of this Association, be elected by ballot annually, and be eligible for re-election, and that four consti- tute a quorum. That the function of this shall be to give advice, to make awards, as the case may be, in all cases of dispute which, may arise from time to time in Churches, whether between pastor and people, among members themselves, or between Churches. That the Churches as Churches be cordially invited to avail them- selves of the services and experience of this Committee as often as occasion may arise, and be earnestly urged not only to seek advice, but to regard the Committee as a Board of Arbitra- tion, and if possible to agree beforehand to abide by its decision." The Rev. H. J. Lambert, Messrs. J. Smith, Niebar, W. Barker, A. S. Neill, W. K. Thomas supported, and the Rev. D. Badger opposed the motion, which was carried, in a slightly amended form. COMMUNION SERVICE. There was a good attendance at this service in the evening, although the weather was very unfavourable. The centre pews of the church were completely filled. The Rev. H. J. Lambert presided., and the Revs. J. Price, M. Lloyd, and D. Badger engaged in prayer. Mr. Lambert gave a brief address, referring chiefly to the ordinance as calling to mind union with Christ. The Rev. S. Mead also dwelt upon the importance of regarding the Lord's Supper as a festival of purest joy. He remarked that if there was one place beyond others where joy should abound it was at the Lord's table. He stated that the history of this ordinance, as it had been observed during the eighteen centuries since its institution, showed that it had been sadly perverted. At the present time many entertained beliefs regarding it very opposed to the simplicity of the rite as esta- blished by Jesus. Especially was it deemed necessary to dwell upon the sorrowful aspect of Christ's death and sorrow was almost regarded as essential to the mind of the communicant; but the sorrow of Christ was the prelude to His joyful resurrection, and we should dwell upon the fact of what the Saviour is to the believer now. A collection was made at the close, amounting to £6 15s. The sum would have been larger if full notice had been previously given. Second Day: Thursday, September 4. After a prayer meeting, the business meeting commenced at 11 a-m. There was a large attendance, and the Rev. John Price presided. DELEGATES. The roll of Delegates from the Churches was read as follows:— North Adelaide— Messrs. S. Bakewell, F. D. Beach, L. Cooper, W. C. Hutchinson, E. V. Joyner, A. McCormac, G. Prince, G. Shaw, W. Tabor, C. Kelsey, E. S. Wigg, J. Cumming. Kenton Vale — Messrs. D. Grey, J. Jamieson. Magill— Messrs. Horton, P. Barnes, Pearce. Coromandel Valley— Mr. Alex. Murray. Lyndoch Valley— Messrs. Wilkinson, Wil- liams, Thomas. South Rhine— Messrs. G. C. Thyer, R. Carter. Teatree Gully— Messrs. W. Haines, J. Mills. Flinders-street— Messrs. P. Atkin, H. Bowen, F. G. Burton, A.O. Chambers, J. Darling, J. Ellis, E. Everett. J. Ferguson, T. Good, W. Hooper, J. H. Hill, J. Kentish, W. Neill, T. Poulson, J. Saurbier, J. S. Scott, Jas. Smith, S. Summers. W. H. Stacy, W. K. Thomas, A. Warner. J. White, J. Whiting. Alberton- Messrs. G. S. Beebv, J. Neill, A. S. Neill, G Risely, C. D. Aston, J. E. Dempster, W. Hancock. Marquis Salt Creek— Mr. S. Howard. Uley— Messrs. D. Kentish, H. Glastonbury. Moonta— Messrs. W. Thomas, C. E. Horton Morphett Vale-Messrs. D. Teakle, A. Car- michael, J. Daniel, T. Darby. Kapunda— Messrs. J. D. Gates, J. F. Mellor, J. H. Gates. Gawler— Messrs. J. Bennett, J. Manson, T. Murray, J. Hart, G. More, J. Mossop. Aldinga— Messrs. T. Pengilley, jun., J. Grey. Norwood— Messrs. J. Bussell, W. D. Glyde, F. Hann, C. S. Hulls, J. Holmes, W. Silver, R. Waddy. Stockport-Rev. H. L. Tuck. Tarlee— Mr. C. Farrow. Belair— Mr. P. F. Laffer. Saddleworth— Messrs. W. Gurr, T. Neill. Inglewood— Messrs. J. Chapman, T. Lloyd, Hilton— Messrs. J. Steer, E. Moore. The only districts unrepresented by delegates were Mount Gambier, Clarendon, Torrens Vale, and Glenford. LETTERS FROM THE CHURCHES. Letters from the various Churches were read, and their consideration occupied the whole of the morning and the greater part of the afternoon. An abstract of the contents will be found in our report of the evening meeting. DEPUTATION FROM THE CONGREGATIONAL UNION. During the afternoon the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., entered the meeting as a deputation from the Congregational Union. The Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., conducted the representative to the platform, where he received the right hand of fellowship from the Chairman, who expressed the pleasure he felt at seeing his worthy brother among them. Mr. Symes expressed his regret at his being alone. Mr. Ferguson had been ap- pointed by the Union to accompany him on the present occasion, but he had some time since gone on on a tour to the Northern Areas, in com- pany with the Rev. J. Henderson, to ascertain the religious wants of that part of the colony. The sympathies between the Congregationalist and Baptist sections of the Church were very strong, and the nearer the sections grew together the nearer would they come to Christ. At the last meeting held of the Congrega- tional Union a resolution was passed to the effect that it was desirable to work with the Baptists and Presbyterians for the spread of the Gospel in the Areas. He trusted there would be on the part of the Baptists a disposition to co- operate. The Rev. J. Henderson, on behalf of the Presbyterians, had gone to the Areas on a prospecting tour. He wished to point out that it was not the desire of the Union to found Churches in places where the Baptists or other denominations had already established them- selves, and thus endeavour, as it were, to enter into opposition with them. He hoped they would endeavour to divide their energies. THE EDUCATION QUESTION. Continuing his address, the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., said he had watched with some degree of interest the endeavours of the Govern- ment t0 introduce a system of compulsory secular education. He trusted that the Baptists and Congregationalists would join together to attain this object. He considered there should be nothing but secular education in the schools during the school hours, but conflicting opinions were entertained on the subject by different members of his own denomination. He believed the outward education of the children could be arranged for by the State, but the religious in- struction should be given by qualified men. The Chairman called on The Rev. S. Mead, who said that though he was not quite prepared at so short a notice to bring forward his proposition he was willing to proceed with it at once. Mr. Symes had already inti- mated that there was a diversity of opinion on the subject among the Independents, and there might be among the Baptists. He had a rough draft of the resolutions he would like to see adopted there. It was desirable that the schoolmaster should have nothing to do but to teach the children within the appointed hours. The reading of the Scriptures was the main diffi- culty. Many did not like the idea of excluding the Bible from the schools. If, as the Bill pro- vided, four hours per diem were devoted to secular instruction, some time might be found afterwards for religious teaching. He then proposed the following : — 'That this Association respectfully urges upon the Government, with regard to the Education Bill now before Parliament, to main- tain as fundamental and essential the following principles: — ' 1. That the education of the children shall be compulsory and free. '2. That religious instruction shall be ex- cluded. '3. That provision shall be made for the reading of the Scriptures by the schoolmaster; provided that it is not within the four hours devoted to ordinary instruction.' The discussion then proceeded to the first pro- position, when Mr. S. Summers stated that he thought they had no right to press the Govern- ment on a civil matter. He thought it was in- consistent for them to bring forward the matter for consideration. Mr. Poulson and Mr. J. Neill agreed with the previous speaker. The question was put to the meeting, and it was decided to hold it over. Ultimately the resolutions were adopted in the following form: — '1. Tbe education of the children shall be compulsory. '2. The education of the children shall be free. '3. All religious instruction shall be ex- cluded. ' 4. It shall be optional with each teacher to read the Scriptures during any hours, other than those appointed for ordinary instruction, to the children whose parents wish them to be present during such scriptural readings.' OFFICESS AND COMMITTEE. The following gentlemen were elected a Com- mittee for the ensuing year :— Revs. S. Mead, J. L. Parsons, H. J. Lambert, W. O. Ashton. M. Lloyd, J. M. Day, S. Fairey, and Messrs. Jas. Smith, G. S. Fowler, T. Barnes, J. Whiting, A. S. Neill, W. K. Thomas, J. Cumming, G. Shaw, J. White, J. Darling, E. S. Wigg:, T. Good, W. Gilbert, J. E. Dempster. ; Nominated by the Churches. — Revs. H. Morgan, S. Mead (Funds Collector), and Messrs. P. Laffer, A. Murray, W. Whitmore, D. Ken- tish, S. Twelvetrees, J. Steer, J. F. Mellor, J. Hughes, and J. Bennett. COMMITTEE OF ADVICE. The following gentlemen were appointed a Committee of Advice :--Revs. J. Price, H. J. Lamber, and S. Mead; and Messrs, James Smith, W. K. Thomas, E, S. Wigg, and Jno. Neill. NOTICES OF MOTION. It was proposed by the Rev. W. Hack, and carried, after discussion and alteration— ' That the rule relative to notices of motion now in the Association be rescinded, and that it be competent for persons to send in notices of motion to the Secretary within not less than two months of yearly of half-yearly meetings, provided this notice of motion do not affact the constitution of the Association.' THE ANNUAL MEETINGS. The Rev. S. Mead proposed— ' That the annual meetings of the Association should be held in the full moon week nearest the 1st of October.' , The motion was adopted. COLLECTING THE FUNDS. The Rev. S. Mead said that many Christians did not weigh the real claims of the Association to particular assistance. They required very considerable pecuniary aid. People were more inclined to give towards the reduction of the church debt than to contribute towards sup- porting the Association. The quarterly returns for the various Churches ought also to be sent in with more regularity.' He would therefore take upon himself the voluntary position of collector. Evening Meeting. The annual meeting was held in the church in the evening at 7.15 o'clock. Despite the inauspicious weather there was a very large attendance, the spaciaus building being fairly filled. Mr. J. Darling presided. After singing and prayer had been engaged in, the Chairman made a few introductory remarks. After ex- pressing his pleasure at being present, he observed that although the reports which had been presented as to the progress of the Church had not been all they could have wished, yet they contained some ground for encouragement, and showed sufficient prosperity to justify entering hopefully on the new year. The Rev. W. O. ASHTON then read a digest of the reports from the various Churches as follows:— ' While the pleasure of meeting each other in Christian fellowship this year has been as great as on any former occasion, there has not been so much of a cheering nature in the letters from the Churches as there generally is. The prevailing tone has been one of sadness, and necessarily so when the experience of several Churches has (as expressed in one of the letters) been similar to that of the disciples who said, 'We have toiled all night and taken nothing,' and yet the gloomiest of the letters are suggestive of hope and encouragement, for they prove that the hindrances to success and the causes of failure enume- rated are most ot them under our own con- trol. One Church is reported to be on the eve of breaking up. Why it languishes and dies, however, is not for want of God's blessing, but because the Committee of this Association has not been supplied with means and men to meet the wants of our denomination in this colony. Several Churches complain of badly-attended week-night prayer meetings, and one or two speak of discord and an absence of brotherly love. One Church speaks of feverish excitement in connection with the Northern Territory gold fields as prejudicial to success, and more than one of the devotion of their members to business or pleasure rather than God's work. One Church mourns that by many of its members the communion is greatly neglected. In many places Churches and congregations have been lessened by removals, especially to the new areas. But the letters have not all been of so gloomy a character. There have been notes of joy as well as sighs of disappoint- ment, and tidings of victory as well as admission of defeat. Our statistics will show that some progress has been made during the year. Several Churches have been richly blessed, and we can not do better than embody in this epitome of the letters from the Churches a few suggestions culled therefrom, which it may be profitable for our Churches generally to be made acquainted with. One Church speaks of the office of deaconess as the missing link in some Church organization, while it tells of work done by deaconesses which could not have been done by pastor or deacons. Another Church had adopted the practice of holding fellowship or experience meetings, and having been greatly benefited by them, the adoption of them by other Churches was warmly recom- mended both by letter and by a delegate from that Church, who said, ' That their fellowship meetings, though at first regarded with suspicion, had led many Christians closer to Jesus.' The same Church also referred to an effort made to increase the interest of the week- night prayer meeting by employing members in * conducting and addressing them, from which much good had resulted. The temperance movement was recommended as a legiti- mate work of the Christian Church,' and the Bands of Hope connected with several Churches were shown to be pro- gressing. Special services have been held in some places with good results, and in others union meetings for prayer. Testimony was also borne to the efficient and ready assistance ren- dered in different places by lay-helpers. In conclusion, the failures and successes of the year we have to-day reviewed should teach us , that brighter days and better things are possible to us. Would we be more prosperous in the future, let us mark the causes of defeat, and avoid them; we have only to be as faithful to our duty in the coming days as we have been in past prosperous years in order to ensure the like success. Number of members last year, 1,755; total gain from all sources, 225=1,980; losses under all heads, 179—1,801 present number of members —net increase, 46 members. Total amount raised during the year for all purposes, £6,122 13s. 5d.; total amount of indebtedness of de nomination, £7,625 ; number of Sunday scholars, 2,278; number of teachers, 249; number of churches, 27.' Addresses were delivered by Revs. S. Fairey, H. J. Lambert, D. Badger, J. M. Day, and S. Mead, when the meeting was closed with the benediction. The Roman Catholic Bishop Elect. On Wednesday evening, August 13, a meeting of Catholics was held at St. Francis Xavier's Hall for the purpose of taking steps to raise subscriptions to purchase a pastoral staff to be presented to the Very Rev. C. A. Reynolds upon his consecration as Bishop of Adelaide. About 100 persons were present. The Very Rev. F. Byrne read the requisition convening the meet ing. Mr. E. J. Peake, who was appointed Chair* man, informed his fellow-Catholics that they had met that evening to perform an agree able and welcome act of Catholic friendship ta their Bishop-elect, and to offer a tribute of love and respect to him who had been selected from amongst the clergy of the diocese by the great centre of Catholic unity to carry the burden of a Bishop in this see. He need scarcely say that he alluded to the Very Rev. C. A. Reynolds, who for many years had been well known and beloved as a missionary priest in various parts of the province. It could not be denied that the Catholic diocese of Adelaide had Lad a heavy cloud hanging over it for some years, which had brought with it difficulties and disunion. Those difficulties had been of gradual growth, and were due in some measure to the long con tinuance of vacancies in the See since the great and good Bishop Francis Murphy was called to his reward, and they were also in some degreo attributable to the short duration of the rule of tbe two right rev. prelates who held the diocese since his day, and their frequent and protracted absence from their dioceses caused by circumstances which they could not control. He need scarcely tell those present how care fully and thoroughly the Holy See had invesed gated the affairs of* the diocese, and scrutinizti the different movements and events which had taken place during the period referred to. The steps taken by theSovereign Pontiff Pius IX. had ended in the selection of a clergyman from among them who had shown himself to be a good priest and a kind-hearted and prudent friend. (Loud cheering.) The following gentlemen were then I chosen to act as a Committee: — Mr. £. J. I Peake, Chairman ; Dr. Gunson, Hon. Treasurer ; : Mr. J. D. Woods, Hon. Secretary; and Messrs. Delano, Malcolm Davis, W. W. Hewett, J. W. Egan, and Alison, with the power to appoint j Sub-Committees in country districts. A con siderable sum was collected and promised at j the meeting. The proceedings terminated with j a vote of thanks to the Chairman. We may add [ it is stated that Father Reynolds has received a j telegram from the Archbishop of Sydney, an- ! nouncmg his intention to visit Adelaide tor the ! purpose of consecrating the Bishop-elect of this diocese. There is a probability that he will be accompanied by Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst. j Archdeacon Russell has intimated his intention of returning to this diocese at an early date. New Wesleyax Church at Hanson*. On Sunday, August 31, in connectioa w\th the laying of the foundation-stone of a Wesleyan Church, the Rev. H. Mack preached to large I congregations, and collections were taken in aid , of the Building Fund. On Monday afternoon there was a large attendance at the stone-laying. After Mr. Jolly had offered prayer, Mrs. Lathlean, of Mintaro, performed the usual ceremony, and delivered a short address. After tea Mr. T. Thomas presided. The Chairman \ said he had seen Methodism in the colony grow from small beginnings. When he arrived there were only 45 members, but these were both able and willing to support a minister, and did so. He had long observed a connection between labour and liberality in the cause of God, and the prosperity divinely promised. There were few Wesloyan Chapels north of Adelaide in which he had not got a stone, and he had come to place one in the chapel they had commenced at Hanson. Addresses were then delivered by Messrs. Jolly and Button, the former taking for his subject the adaptability of the Gospel as set forth by the Methodist pulpit to the necessities of man's moral nature, and the latter the elements and evidences of true progress. The Rev. Hans Mack mentioned that the building was intended for a time to serve as a church and school. It would be well worthy of being called a House of God He was not going to make a political speech, but thought that as the place they were erecting was intended to answer as a Church and school, he was right in alluding to the con nection between these, and in refering to public education. The Bill before the Legislature was doubtless not perfect, as indeed no measure would be. fie was bound to say, however, that Ue failed to see anything in it to awaken such u-rave alarm as had been publicly expressed. The financial proceeds of the meeting and Sunday's collections were announced to be £40, thus making a total, including promises and cash in hand, of £142. The entire cost of building will be £400. New Organ.— By the Liberator a fine organ has arrived for the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church. The instrument is the gift of Mr. G. P. Harris, and it will probably be erected and ready (or use in the course of between five and six weeks. The Kev. James Ltall.— Begarding this much-respected Presbyterian minister, the Indt pendent, the monthly magazine of the Congrega tionalists, remarks:—' Our esteemed friend and brother, the Rev. J. Lyall, is about to visit the mother- country for rest and health. We can 01 spare such a man from among us, even for a season. We wish him God speed ; and would ako hint that a grateful acknowledgment of past services to society would be both graceful ind gracious. We shall be glad to receive any thing for this object.' Ordination at Mount Pleasant.— The Presbytery of South Australia met on Tuesday, August 19, for the ordination of Mr. John Hall Angus to the charge left vacant through the ieath of the Rev. James Roddick. There were present, with the Moderator (the Rev. James Henderson, of Adelaide) the Rev. Messrs. Lyall, Macbean, and Mitchell. Apologies were received For the absence of the Rev. Messrs. J. F. Hen ierson, Davidson, and Maokren. An edict was returned, certified as having been duly pub ished, and notice was given that the Presbytery were prepared to hear any objections to their proceedings, but none were offered. The Moderator preached from Acts xxvL 28, and put the usual questions to Mr. Angus and to ±e congregation. Satisfactory answers having been given, Mr, Angus was ordained by prayer ind laying on of the hands of the Presbytery. Be was afterwards received into the Presbytery by the right hand of fellowship from all the brethren present Mr. Lyall gave the charge to the young minister, Mr. Macbean addressed the people, and the Moderator introduced Mr. Angus to the people as they left the church. Fhe attendance was large, and the whole service iras found to be pleasing and solemn, the more to, perhaps, that so few of the Presbyterian ministers here have been ordained in this country, most of them having been in the ministry previously to their arrival in the colony. Fhe prospects of Mr. Angus in' this charge appear to be exceedingly promising. Bund and Deaf and Dumb Asylum.— The Committee of this proposed institution met at the office of Mr. W. Townsend, M.P., on Wed nesday morning, September 3. Mr. Townsend reported the progress he had made towards accomplishing the object sought. He had fixed his mind upon the sum of £6,000 as the amount necessary to commence with, and was happy to inform them that he had received in cash and promises £3,064 Os. 9d. The sum of £1,500 was in the Bank as a deposit, and the rest was coming in daily in small sums; but other large amounts would be readywhen the Com mittee began their labours. The £3,064 sup plemented by the Government grant would make £6,128. He mentioned that he had been in correspondence with gentlemen connected with similar establishments in Sydney, Mel* bourne, and London, and he had received a large amount of information in the shape of books, pamphlets, rules, and laws for the management of such institutions, which he laid before the Committee. He had sent to all the District Councils in the colony circulars contain ing the following questions :— 1st, ' How many blind persons have you in your neighbourhood V 2nd, ' How many blind and deaf and dumb are in your neighbourhood?' 3rd, 'Male or female; stating age?' 4th, ' What means have they of living?' 5th, ' Would their friends contribute a portion towards their support if they were placed in the Asylum?' As far as he could see there were in the country districts about 30 blind poor persons exclusive of those in Adelaide and other large towns. The Committee ex pressed their high approval of Mr. Townsend's action, and thanked him for his past exertions. It was resolved that Mr. Roffe Searcey.be ap pointed Secretary pro tern, to the Committee. The Secretary was requested to call a meeting of the Committee to consider the necessary stops to be taken regarding temporary building and other matters. Several gentlemen were nominated as additional members of the Com mittee. Thb Orphan Home.— We have seen a copy of the thirteenth annual report of this institution for the training of orphan girls. The financial statement shows that the credit balance at the beginning of the year was £33 14s. 6d., and the subscriptions and donations to the General Fund have amounted to £561. The maintenance of the children has cost £237 odd, their clothing £76, salaries land wagas have taken £74, while furniture ana repairs absorbed £41. To the Building Fund £50 has been transferred, and in the National Bank there was at the date of the balance-iheet nearly £99. The Building Fund is also in a satisfactory state, for after £400 had been paid on account of new works about £76 remained in the Savings Bank. The receipts in aid of the cost of the much-needed additions at the Home included in donations £260 12s. 8d., and £50 already noted as havinsr been trans ferred from the general account, this sum being part of the proceeds of the Curagoa and Falcon entertainment, the balance brought forward swelling the total to £475. In the list of dona tions we note the handsome one of £236 11s. lOd. from the German Hospital Fund. The report states: — 'The Committee have again the plea sure of giving a favourable account of the state and progress of the institution. The outbuildings, so long required, have been erected, and are now occupied, though further assistance is required to provide the necessary fittings of both the lavatory and kitchen. The Committee confidently trust to the interest so warmly shown by the friends of the Orphan Home for the means of providing everything necessary both for cleanlinesi and comfort. Retracing the work of the institution from its establish ment, the Committee find that 52 orphan children have been admitted. Of this number 25 are now in the Home ; 22 have been placed in service, and, with one exception, have maintained good characters ; one has died, and four have been placed with friends willing to maintain them. The Committee view this statement with satisfaction, and remind their friends that not only have these children been rescued from a childhood of neglect and want, but that the benefits thus bestowed upoa them are repaid to the colony at large by bringing up well-trained and well-conducted girls to take their places as useful members of the community.' After acknowledging the kindness of friends who have contributed presents of fruit, books, clothine, and stationery, the report says—' In conclusion the Committee feel pleasure in adding that they have never refused admission to any children qualified in accordance with the rules.' The list of donations contains the line — 'Anonymous, JE10Q.' PRiNCfi Alfred Sailors' Home.— We are informed that at a meeting of the Executive Committee of this institution on Friday, August 15, a letter was read from Mr. J. H. Angas, M.P., offering £100 towards the £1,230 required to make ap the £2,000 which the Government supplement by an equal sum. The offer was conditional upon a sufficient number of gentle men being willing to give £100 each within four months. The Committee, in replying through their Secretary, expressed thoir belief that success would more probably attend their efforts if, in addition to such large sums, smaller contributions were brought within the scope of the offer, and Mr. Angas has promptly and kindly complied with the suggestion. At the meeting a sub- committee was appointed to make preliminary arrangements for soliciting the help of the ladies of South Australia in getting up a bazaar in aid of the institution. Hoile Rklief Fund. — We have been informed that the amount collected for this benevolent object was £680 4s. lOd., of which sum £329 3s. 6d. has been invested in South Australian Insurance Company's shares, £297 3s. 6d. placed in the Savings Bank, £41 19s. 4d. spent in household furniture, and the balance handed to Mrs. Hoile. 