SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIA- TION. The annual meetings of this body were com- menced on Wednesday, September 3, in Flinders-street Lecture Hall, where notwith- standing the wet weather the attendance was good. At 10.30 a. m. a prayer meeting was held, and at 11 a.m. THE BUSINESS MEETING took place in the Hall. The Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., the late Chairman of the Associa- tion introduced the Rev. J. Price as the Chair- man for the ensuing year, and dwelt upon the amount of good done by gatherings like the present as they not only facilitated Church work, but promoted Christian fellowship. They to a certain extent resembled a Parliament, but differed from political gatherings, inasmuch as they had higher interests at stake than those which marked the affairs of this world. He spoke of the efficacy of earnest prayer, and suggested that a whole day in the year might be set aside for prayer. Some of the Churches had progressed favourably during the year, and others had not been so prosperous as could have been desired; but he trusted that no feeling of discouragement would arise because of the ill success in some quarters, but that there would be an earnest effort made to promote future prosperity. CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Chairman (the Rev. J. Price) then read the following address: — ' REST AND EFFORT CONSIDERED AS CONDITIONS IN THE LIFE OF GODLINESS. As an Association we have no formulated creed. We have subscribed to no confession, and there is no standard that has any admitted authority amongst us but the Bible. But yet, as a matter of fact, we do attach a high impor- tance to definite doctrines and clear beliefs. Doctrine has had a prominent place in our de- liberations, both in our annual gatherings and in our separate Churches. Some central truths have been very attentively considered, and it was shown in connection with the address of last year that we are deeply convinced of the rela- tion between doctrine and Church life. "One topic which has occupied a prominent place in the utterances of the brethren is the rest of heart which the Christian is privileged to enjoy in Christ Jesus. There seems to be a supposition in some quarters that to accept with any heartiness the doctrine of rest is to over- shadow and imperil the doctrine of effort. It is supposed that the 'rest of faith' is hostile to any depth of earnestness or ardour of zeal in the ways of righteousness and the service of Christ. This, of course, would be the result if the ex- pressions were intended to refer to the same faculties. We could not suppose that a man is absolutely resting and actively working in the same sense at one time. But it is no contradic- tion to state that a man may in one sense be enjoying the most perfect repose, while in another sense his whole intelligent nature is most sentiently alive to all the sights of beauty and sounds of gladness which may belong to the landscape spread out before his view. There are at the same moment and for the same individual the most perfect rest and the most energetic life, but not with respect to the same set of faculties and in the same sense. In this way it is no contradiction to speak of perfect rest for the heart without for a moment discrediting spiritual earnestness and practical effort. The only question in such a case is that which enquires respecting the distinctive sphere and operation to be assigned to each. To discern the true adjustment of these two conditions is to have a very complete view of the whole prac- tical part of Gospel truth. I have not the pre- sumption to suppose that in the address of this morning such an adjustment will be accom- plished, but even the humblest effort to discuss the subject in a spirit free from bitterness will contribute in some measure to the great result. " There are especially three great branches in the life of godliness, in connection with each of which it is of importance for us to understand the true place which rest and effort are specifically and distinctively to hold. These are— reconcilliation, cleansing, and service. To the t'ruth under these aspects I solicit your attention. ' 1. Reconciliation is the great initial event in the life of godliness. It is of great practical value to every believer that he should have a clear view of the method by which the soul comes into peace with God. The Christian's own enjoyment in the divine life can continue only as he himself lives near to the source of life and ground of hope. On his own account he cannot afford to be forgetful of the method through which peace came at first to his own heart; but it is of value also in order that he may instruct others. We are all missionaries to our fellow-men: and every Christian ought to be able clearly to direct any qnquirer who desires to know the method of salvation. It was a severe criticism that was once passed upon some religious instructors in my hearing, that they seemed to have got so far upon the way to heaven as to have forgotten what were the first steps. Such religious progress is no credit to any Christian. " Both on the side of rest and of effort there are some theories of reconciliation which would find no favour in the Association. Among these may be mentioned the one which assumes that men universally are children of God by Jesus Christ. Upon this view, the only change that is effected by any instrumentality is this, that men are brought to know that they are the sons of God. Baptism is a symbol by which sonship is pro- claimed; faith is a medium by which it comes to be understood and appreciated: obedience is the line of conduct in which its quality is dis- played. But independently of baptism, faith, or obedience, the incarnation and death of Christ have constituted us the sons of God, and that to preach the Gospel is to proclaim this as a matter of fact. Men do not become the chil- dren of God; but through the redemption which Christ has wrought we are born into the world as children of God and heirs of the Kingdom. With the clear requirement in Scripture of the second birth, and with the position assigned to unbelievers, I think myself safe in stating that we are pretty united in rejecting this theory, which may be regarded as the very extreme section on the side of the method of rest. " Very distinct from this is the system which sets forth the efficacy of sacraments, and the transmission of virtue through the Church. A marked instance of this theory may be seen in a country churchyard in England with which I am acquainted. A tombstone erected over the remains of a little girl has upon it a singular inscription. It states that the child was born in August of a certain year, than she was bora again in September, and that she died in the September of the following year. The second birth was her baptism ; in it she became a member of Christ, a child of God, and an inheritor of the Kingdom of Heaven. "We are never supposed as an Association to have any leanings towards that line of things; but it is often thought that the place we assign to baptism (as the term is interpreted amongst us) is one that is not essentially different from the view just referred to, it is well therefore to distinguish still further between things that differ. It is not too much, I think, to assert that we have a perfect agreement upon this one point, that baptism does not operate in any degree in bringing the sinner into reconcilia- tion with God. While claims are put forth in one direction that children are regenerated through baptism, it is maintained in another direction that the forgiveness of sins is received in and through baptism. This system we clearly understand, and in proportion to the clearness with which we comprehend it is, I think the completeness with which we reject it. We regard both regeneration and forgiveness as having their fit place as antecedents to baptism. Like other acts of obedience, baptism is an acceptable service when it is the service of ac- cepted persons. And there is perhaps no subject upon which our testimony is more single and uniform than upon this one — that those who are baptized among us are baptized not with a view of their becoming Christians, but from the con- viction that they are so already. Having been made disciples they are then baptized, and are taught to observe all things whatsoever are commanded. "And this forces us back upon the question, How do men practically enter upon the heritage of reconciliation with God? I do not know how to give an answer that shall be more complete than one that is contained in a narrative sup- plied by a preacher in the pages of the "British Evangelist" for March, 1872. " 'What a pack of hypocrites you are making, Sir, said an earnest, intelligent-looking, middle aged man to me at the close of an evangelistic meeting. 'I have been here these four nights, and you have all been speaking about believing on Christ, and I have never heard a word about love to God, or doing our duty to our fellow- men.' The man was manifestly in earnest, so we went into the vestry together and I there learnt his spiritual history. "' For years before the time of our meeting he had been an avowed sceptic. But he had been awakened to know that there is a God, and that his eternal destiny was in the hands of Him whom he had offended ; and so he had set himself very earnestly to find a way back into God's favour. His attempts had failed to satisfy his own conscience. He knew that they could not satisfy God (1 John iii. 20). He had come to the meetings hoping to be put upon some plan of doing more, or of doing it better. And at the time we met he was chagrined and angry at being continually pointed away from his own doings to Jesus Christ the Saviour as the only way of reconciliation between a guilty man and his offended God. "I pointed out to him that as a law-breaker he was already under sentence of eternal death, and that his first business was to get that sentence removed; that even if he were enabled to do the will of God perfectly from the present moment there would still be the long debt of his past life of sin to meet him at the Judgment day, and to demand that he be cast for ever into the prison of hell. I told him of Jesus, a Saviour present in that room with us— a Saviour who in unsolicited grace had borne sin's awful penalty on the Cross, and had borne it for the ungodly, and who was offering to be a Redeemer and Saviour to him then and there (Matt. xi 28); and I urged him to kneel down with me, and tell the Lord Jesus whether or not he accepted His offer. The big drops of perspi- ration were standing on his brow through intense inward conflict We knelt down together. In words that were heart - deep he confessed his helplessness, cast himself on the Saviour's mercy, and expressed his acceptance of Him to be all his salvation. We rose from our knees. " Have you given yourself up to the Lord Jesus ? I asked. 'Yes.' 'But has He received you?' He paused awhile, and then said, 'I don't know; I don't feel any difference.' I pointed out to him that this was not a matter on which his feelings could give any answer; that it was a question of believing Jesus's word, not of feeling a difference. A transaction had taken place between two persons— the one had made an offer, the other had accepted it. The only question now to be settled was, Is the ; person whose offer you have accepted trust- worthy? Jesus promises that him tha tcometh unto Him He will in no wise cast out. ' You have come. Has He kept His word with you? ' Yes,' he answered ; 'then He has received me —He is not unfaithful to his promise.' " We parted for the night. Next evening he came to me with a face beaming with the rest and satisfaction which filled his heart. 'Ah, ' Sir,' were his first words, 'I see it all now; I have been all along trying, as we say, to put the cart before the horse.' "I present this, not as an absolutely perfect and complete setting forth of the Gospel of Christ, but as an incident which embodies the answer to the question suggested under the present division of our subject. In this narra- tive we have some leading truths brought out and some specious errors avoided. "There is, first of all, a correction of that radical error which is indigenous to the human constitution— the supposition that the correct- ness of one's own life is to be the ground of peace with God. It was a crisis in the history of the person under consideration when it became plain to his intelligence what had already been indistinctly suggested by his experience, that his best efforts left him a law- breaker, and not a law-keeper. His best efforts must necessarily leave him unable to satisfy his own conscience, to say nothing of his satisfying God. Sin is not a slight wound that can be easily cured. For with all the infinite pity which God felt for His fallen creatures, even He was powerless to help them in any less costly way than that of the substitution of His own Son for them in obedience, judgment, and death. The ruin is too complete for any human rectification. It is the doctrine of believing that invests human salvation with dignity. It represents it as a work so stupendous that only God is equal to it; therefore we cease from our own works, and by believing enter into His rest. "The instance I have given guards against the exaggeration of any one aspect of that act by which the soul comes to Christ, namely, faith. Faith in Christ involves two— related, yet distinct— ideas. It comprehends the belief of the Word which informs us respecting Christ's nature, work, and promises; but it also involves the actual laying hold of the personal Saviour, who has wrought out the glorious work of man's redemption. It is possible, on the one side, to urge men to come to Christ in such a method as to neglect the simple statement of facts which constitute the Gospel message. But it is pos- sible, on the other hand, to deal with truth alone without aiming to bring the matter to an immediate and definite crisis as between the personal sinner and the living present Saviour. The belief of the truth should embolden the trembling soul to accept the Saviour by a definite act of trust, and to confess to Him as Lord. ' It thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.' The belief of the truth culminates in a believing definite entrustment of the whole self to Him, whom the truth describes, and to whom the truth leads. ' And once more the instance before us shows how we are to know that we are accepted. What a world of fruitless striving and agony would be saved it it were universally received that we are to look for the ground of our con fidence, not to our own feelings, but to Jesus, in His work, His character, and His Word. Have you believed in Jesus? Then believe that what He says respecting those who trust in Him is true. ' You need not wait for feeling, you need not pray for feeling. The Son of God who died for your sins, and rose again for your justifica- tion, Himself has sounded in your ears the Gospel promise. You have accepted— con- sciously, definitely accepted — His proposal. Go and rejoice in the trustworthiness of Him from whom the overture came. Take the answer from His own Word, and regard it as coming from His own mouth. ' Whosoever believeth on Him shall not perish .... but is passed from death unto life .... is born of God .... is justified from all things . . . . is made partaker of the Divine nature .... and shall not come unto condemna- tion.' To accept these declarations from the Spirit of Truth is to set to our seal that God is true, and to ensure in the most intelligible way the deepest peace and the most triumphant joy. "I have dwelt long upon this subject of recon- ciliation because it has to do with the founda- tion of our faith, and it touches the very life of our religion. With some minor points of diffe- rence we are, I think, pretty united in our testimony upon this point. We hold that none are the sons of God but those who believe in Jesus. We hold that faith alone connects the sinner with the Saviour. We hold that while reformation is desirable, while love to God and righteousness to man are desirable, while baptism and the Lord's Supper are desirable, yet the sinner's first business is to be saved, that Christ alone can save him, that faith alone can lay hold of Christ. Let the sinner therefore, believing in the Divine nature of the Son of God, and the honourable and com- plete satisfaction made by Him for sin, come to Christ, come now, come here, and having come believingly to Christ, let him rest in Him. This is the true effort— that of resisting the heart's determination to turn away from Christ, and to ignore His truth, and to refuse His friendship. And this is the true rest — that of believing all that He declares, and of reposing in His infinite trust worthiness and love. "2. The second great branch of our subject is that which has respect to the cleansing away of all that is morally evil from one's personal habits and life. It was to redeem us from all iniquity that the Son of God shed His blood. He 'bare our sins in His own body on the tree, that we being dead to sin should live unto righteousness.' And while this was God's aim in the blood-shedding, we find it realized in the desires of the spiritual nature. The instinct of the spiritual life is described by the Saviour as being that of hungering and thirsting after righteousness. With these facts before us, I need spend no time in pressing the profound importance of the line of thought now indicated. "In contrast with the expressed aim of God and the tendencies and instincts of the divine life which moves in renewed men, we have also to note the tremendous dominion which is swayed by moral evil. Where evil has taken possession it proves like a disease that is rooted in the system. You may seem to master here and there specific symptoms of disease, but the obstinacy of the disease may sometimes force the melancholy conviction that it is incurable and irresistible. So the power of evil is very appalling in some startling instances. When we take for example the revelations set forth in the published lives of such men as John B. Gough in his bondage to drink, and of S. T. Coleridge as a victim to laudanum, the soul is harrowed by the revolting picture. But the confession of the might of evil and of the power of darkness which we hear all around us fails to be sensa- tional, simply because it is not graphically described, and because, alas ! it is so common. In how many forms are God's rational creatures bond-slaves to sin! Sometimes it is an evil appetite, sometimes an unchaste imagination, sometimes an ungoverned temper, sometimes a mischievous tongue, sometimes a spirit of pride, sometimes emptiness, vanity, and show. It is not now our concern to describe the forms in which the evil shows itself; but how many there are who, while un- willing to be the servants of sin, are constrained to acknowledge that it has in some form the mastery over them. Is there any message of deliverance for such in the Gospel of Christ? Is there any possibility of their becoming free — of cleansing the habits and the life from all filthiness of the flesh and of the spirit, and of living in a way well-pleasing to God? " With the Word of God in our hands we are surely warranted in replying— yes, there is cleansing, there is justification. 'Such were some of you; but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified, in the name of the Lord Jesus and by the Spirit of our God.' 'Ye were the servants of sin, but ye have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered you.' It was the con- demnation of the enemies of the Lord that they could ' not cease from sin.' "Not to reason upon the abstract question, let us take an actual instance. Take the matter in the words employed in a little tract entitled 'The Christian's Shout.' A Christian carman of a naturally harsh temper was sorely beset with temptations when about his daily work among his ungodly com- panions. He stopped one morning on his way down to his stand at the house of the minister who had led him into rest, in order to ask him how he could best meet and conquer his temptations. After explaining to the minister the suddenness of the assaults and the want of time even to pray for help against them, the carman said, ' Now, can you tell me of any short road to victory that I can lay hold of just at the needed moment?'' 'Yes,' replied the minister, and he gave his counsel, which I shall not at this moment rehearse, but will present the alleged result. " The carman went on his way to his daily work. As usual he was met by the taunts and sneers of his fellow-workmen, and he soon found that they had jostled him out of his right place in the ranks, and had pushed him back to the end of the train of cars. The temptation to anger was very great, but folding his arms he tested the counsel given to him, and his heart was filled with perfect peace and content. Again he was tried ; a heavy box was so rolled as to fall upon his foot and badly hurt him. And again he folded his arms and repeated his shout of victory and all was calm. And so the day passed on. Trials and temptations abounded, but he was carried safely through them all, and the fiery darts of the enemy were all quenched by the shield of faith which he continually lifted up. Night-time found him more than conqueror through Him who loved him; and his fellow-carmen were forced to own the reality and the beauty of a religion that could so triumph over their aggra- vating assaults. " I suppose that we are all prepared not only to admire such an instance of practical power over sin, but also to admit that such victory is possible when the matter is placed before us in this specific and concrete form. And if at night we were so placed as to overhear this tried saint uttering, in tones trembling with joy, his thanks to the blessed Saviour for having- kept him from sin and made him strong in the Lord, there is perhaps not one of us but would respond in spirit, and exclaim, ' Thanks be unto God which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. ... In all these things we are more than conquerors through Him that loved us. . . . We can do all things through Christ which strengthened us.' " As to the practical method by which such a result is to be reached, it is of great importance to know the true place of rest and that of effort. But it may perhaps be helpful if we bear in mind that the rest of faith does not consist with any sluggishness of soul with respect to the dark and criminal quality of the evil of such sin, for example, as that of anger and wrath. When the life of God in man is quickened by faith into a living sympathy with the Spirit of the Saviour, there is nothing like apathy with respect to sin, and there is no such supposition as that of any sin being a small sin. On the contrary, the spiritual life, under such circum- stances, is characterized by great moral sensi- bility and by great tenderness of conscience. " But two things are perceived along with this. One is that in itself there is not the smallest power for successfully battling with the evil, and the other is that in union with Christ there is all-sufficient power. The Gospel truth reveals Christ to us. It shows us how He fought the great adversary, and has overcome him. It reveals what Christ is to us, and what the glorious position of liberty and life is, in which the death and resurrection of Christ have placed us. Seeing this, the believer takes up the yoke, whatever it may be, in the full faith that though self would falter and fail at every step, the living Saviour will honour the faith that rests in Him by upholding, sheltering, and strengthen- ing at every step. Simple faith has this confi- dence—it does not expect to fail; but the expectation is that Christ will give the victory. The believer does not mourn thus:— 'I am a feeble creature; I expect to fail here and there, none of us are perfect;' but his spirit rejoices in the full expectation that Jesus will be faithful, and that He will fully bear him up and bear him through while thus by faith trusting to His power. And this was the counsel given by the minister to the carman when asked whether there was any short road to victory. 'Yes,' said the minister, 'when the temptation comes, do not stop to pray for help, but, instead, by faith claim at once the promised victory, and Satan will instantly flee.' While in one sense there is in such a method true rest— the rest of confidence in Christ, the absolute and entire absence of doubt and anxiety respecting the issue ; in another sense there is true effort, or rather energy— the energy of faith, which in spite of natural wisdom continues to commit all issues to Jesus, and to confide unfalteringly in Him. " 3. Another department of the life of godliness is that which has respect to service. In one sense the whole of godliness may be comprehended under this expression. The mor- tification of those members which are upon the earth, the putting on, as the elect of God, kind- ness, humbleness of mind, meekness, and long suffering— all this is represented in Scripture as service, quite as actually as preaching the Gospel or benefiting our fellow-men is con- sidered service. Still there are some advan- tages in the common form of expression which, indicates by the word 'service' especially those active efforts which are directed towards the propagation of the truth and the benefit of mankind. In this, as in other branches of our subject, it is of high importance that we should have well- defined conceptions as to the true place which rest and effort are respectively to occupy. "As we saw in the beginning, these two ex- pressions are not antagonistic, so long as it is held that they have regard to related, but not identical lines of thought. A tree, for instance, is resting in the good soil in which its roots are fixed, but this does not conflict with the most intense activity of all its vital efforts. The rest is the essential condition of its vital energy and fruitfulness. The life of Jesus was an unbroken rest— rest of spirit, repose in the Father. His peace was unclouded — His rest was undisturbed, and yet the flow of activity and labour was by Himself compared to God's workig,— 'Tne Father worketh hitherto and I work.' "No theory can commend itself to earnest Christians which diminishes Christian zeal and paralyses Christian effort. And if it could be shown that the rest of faith had any such tendency it would thereby pronounce its own condemnation. For the representation given in Scripture is not only that Christians are labourers in the Lord's vineyard, not only that they are workers, but that they are 'co- workers' with God. . 'The rest of faith takes it for granted, in the first place, that the service to be entered upon is not left to one's own choice and selec- tion, but that the Lord Himself shall prepare our task. This is one essential element of the life of faith upon the Son of God— that we yield ourselves unreservedly to be used as Jesus in His wisdom may see fit. Thus we read in Scripture of those good works ' which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.' The Lord has everywhere and at all times work for His servants to do, and the Apostle assures us that the man who cleanses himself from evil 'shall be a vessel unto honour, sanctified and meet for the Master's use, and prepared unto every good work.' And He has promised to use abundantly those who yield themselves as willing instruments to His service. The waiting Christian therefore en- quires, 'Lord, what wilt thou have me to do?' His will is submissive ; his posture of mind is a waiting posture ; he is quite assured that the Lord will use him according to His own grace and love ; and he thus stands ready in faith to enter every door of usefulness, and to be obedient to every intimation from the Lord. "And then, secondly, faith rests in full assurance in the Lord's sufficiency for the supply of all that the work needs. Where the faith is real it does not admit of hesitation, doubt, or delay, after the Lord's will is clearly made known. Whatever may be the seeming difficulties, they cease to be regarded as valid reasons for turning aside from the work. For if the work is the Lord's, the dealing with diffi-' culties will also belong to Him. Where this confidence exists every motive to energy is in- tensified. To rest in the Lord for supplies is to work without embarrassment, and to serve Him without care. Effort becomes the natural result and the abundant fruit of simple, confiding trust in the might and faithfulness of God. " Faith is the one word which includes the description of the life of godliness. Paul states the whole matter thus:— 'The life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God.' That faith as to its most general expression may be defined as trust, but the trust submits to the authority, while it believes the word, relies upon the work, and embraces the person of the living Saviour. ' Trust and obedience, faith and works, rest and effort are not contradictories, but complements of each other. But it is very vital to the sim- plicity of our doctrine and the purity of our gospel that the right order should be main- tained between them. If our faith have the right object; if our faith have regard to the Son of God; if we take Him as the one object of our confidence and the one ground of hope, we shall be right in every department of the life of godliness. But let us receive Him definitely for definite results; having accepted Him as the Mediator through whom we receive reconcilia- tion, let us accept Him also for our purification . and our service." The Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., after a few , comments, moved— " That a vote of thanks be accorded to the Rev. J. Price for his paper, and that the address be printed in Truth and Progress ; also, that 1,000 copies be struck off for distribution." The Rev. J. M. Day, of Kapunda, seconded, and the motion was carried. The Rev. H. J. Lambert read THE ANNUAL REPORT.j "Report of the Committee of the South Aus- tralian Baptist Association, Septembers, 1873. j "Christian Brethren and Friends— In submit- ting the tenth annual report of this Association, your Committee feel that their service has no great proportions which invite attention and remark; their work has been unobtrusive, and has accomplished only small visible results. While, however, acknowledging many short- comings and failures, they would devoutly recognise God's kindness in any measure of earnestness that has obtained, and most heartily thank Him for every success. Our objects as an Association are to originate and strengthen Churches of our own faith and order; to sustain the preaching of the Gospel; to aid by grants of money small or poor Churches in the mainte- nance of their pastors; to assist the introduction of ministers into the colony; to train suitable men for the work of the ministry; and to seek generally the extension of Christ's kingdom. Your Committee, in endeavouring to discharge their trust during the past year, have kept these ends in view, and with this conception of their work would now render an account of their stewardship, and endeavour to place before you our present condition and immediate prospects as a denomination in the colony. "In striking the first tone of our report we scarcely know whether to sound a full major or a plaintive minor chord; whether in painting our picture we should chiefly use bright colours or those of a sombre hue. We know of much that has been disappointing and depressing and humiliating ; but, thank God, we know of much else full of life and cheer. Should we conclude that all the results of our work are known to us — that there is no fruit of our efforts beyond what we can see — then we must be sad, and only sad. But besides the work of saving souls, in which we share with all Christians, we have a special witness to make — a witness by which we seek to secure and maintain the purity of Christ's Church in its membership and ordi- nances, and in this our witness we cannot labour in vain or spend our strength for naught. " We are not able to anticipate the records of success or failure which the letters from our Churches will furnish. We fear, however, that comparatively few conversions will be found registered, nor will it cheer our hearts in the least to know that a similar dearth of spiritual gain characterizes the other denominations around. " Great vitality has hitherto distinguished our Association in its work. This year we can point to very few fresh spheres of labour taken up for Christ, and on some of our old fields, it may be, we have scarcely held our own. Yet, although this year's foliage may fee less luxuriant, and the gathered fruit less abundant, we believe the roots are deeper down, and our capabilities for usefulness in time to come greater than ever. " Churches Assisted. — During the year your Committee have rendered help to the Churches at Moonta, Teatree Gully, and Inglewood by such grants of money as have greatly assisted the brethren to maintain their pastors. The Church at Mount Gambier during the early part of this year received such encouragement from the Association in the residence and labours of our evangelist, the Rev. D. Badger. Since February Mr. Badger has been located at Sad- dleworth, where he has been the means of con- siderably strengthening and building up the Church. In addition to these the various Churches and stations upon our preachers' plan have been constantly visited by those who have well sustained the services for Divine worship and preaching of the Gospel. "Preachers' Plan.— Some six months since it was deemed desirable to change the method of supplying our stations with preachers. For- merly the Secretary of the Association was responsible for these supplies. But notwith- standing great care in the arrangements there were frequent failures and cries of disappoint- ment. Under the new method our larger Churches undertake the responsibility of supply- ing the smaller Churches that are near and need such help. Thus this part of our work is more simple, and we believe is working most satis- factorily. We understand the congregations generally are more regular aad more encou- raging. "Lay Preachers.— We feel it right and appropriate to acknowledge the willing and efficient help rendered by many brethren who cull from their hours of business or leisure time for preparation, and then on the Lord's Day of ten deny themselves greatly by going forth in all weathers to preach the Gospel. To these brethren many of our country Churches are deeply indebted. Such labourers for the Master's sake cannot lose their reward, and your Committee would appeal to others among our young men who are gifted to speak that they should seek employment in this work. Churches still needing Aid.— While most of our Churches are self-supporting-and not a few have attained this position, largely through the liberal and timely help rendered from our funds— there are yet several needing assistance. Your Com- mittee for the ensuing year will therefore need funds, from which to strengthen the hearts of pastors and people by helping to remove, or better still, by preventing financial embarrass- ment. Other Churches again need pastors— e.g., Magill, Aldinga, Saddleworth, and Mount Gambier— where in either case we believe a devoted man, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, would be warmly welcomed, and with a little assistance comfortably maintained. Magill and Aldinga being within easy distance have been well cared for. Saddleworth has also enjoyed the presence and labour of the Rev. D. Badger; but Mount Gambier, owing to its distance and isolation, has languished con- siderably. Your Committee deeply regretted the necessity for transferring Mr. Badger's services to the North, but it was felt that the new areas had the greater claims, and we hoped that the Mount Gambier Church would have been in the position long ere this to invite and settle a pastor in their midst. Some four or five other localities also present themselves to your Committee as most promising fields for labour had they the men to send. Your Committee deeply regret their inability up to the present to meet the wants of these districts together with the increasing demands of the new areas. We believe there is ample room for at least three or four additional ministers of Christ to labour with us here. During this year your C ommittee have not been able to bring from England any fresh workers. Instructions, however, have been sent to the Rev. J. L. Parsons and Messrs. Goode and Fowler to send us one brother at once, if possible. We are also anticipating the early arrival of Mr. Bottrill from England. The understanding with your Committee was that at the expiration of two years he would return to labour here. He should have completed his studies at Regent's Park College in July last. "'Our Evangelist. — Your Committee gladly bear testimony to the untiring energy and efficient services of the Rev. D. Badger as evangelist in connection with this Association. Since the beginning of February Mr. Badger has been residing at Saddleworth, and, together with the oversight of the Church there, has been engaged in preaching and conducting services for worship on the new areas North. In several of these localities a lively interest has been awakened, and at Georgetown the brethren have accepted plans, and are already preparing to build a house for God. Your Committee feel very keenly the urgent claims of these areas, and their present inability to meet those claims. They sincerely trust that the time is not far distant when at least other evangelists for Christ shall be working with us among those scattered, but rapidly- increasing populations. Mr. Badger always speaks encouragingly of his work, but constantly laments there is not more agency. "We are glad to state here that one young man, who has long rendered useful service to the Churches as a preacher, is now most earnestly seeking to improve his powers for usefulness. Our brother has determined to devote some two months, which he feels he can spare from his business, to the greater advan- tages offered by residence in town. He is attending some classes at the Union College, and also availing himself of help other- wise rendered. Of his gifts and graces which fit him for this work we have good testimony, and we should rejoice were his way made plain to enter our ministry. Should other young men of known piety and proved preaching power feel constrained to follow this brother's example, and would apply for aid even though they did not fully enter the ministry — your Committee would gladly give any such case their mest careful and encouraging atten- tion. We need all those who can evidence that they are sent of God. "Changes in Pastorates. — Our two brethren who at our last annual meetings were compara- tive strangers to us are now settled over Churches- the Rev. M. Lloyd being pastor of the Alberton Church, and the Rev. H. Morgan being pastor of Lyndoch Valley and South Rhine Churches. We are glad also to know that our brother, Mr. Lloyd, is enabled to preach and minister to the Welsh population at Port Adelaide in their native tongue. The Rev. J. Renney has become during the year pastor of the Teatree Gully and Inglewood Churches. The Church at Magill has been deprived of its pastor by the removal of Mr. J. Birks. We are thankful to God that death has not thinned our ranks this year; but we miss our brother, the Rev. J. L. Parsons, from our meetings, who is visiting Europe to recruit his health and strength. We shall gladly welcome himself and family on their return. "hurch Building and Extension.— We have but little to record here. At Gawler, where God has so manifestly shown His favour, the original church has been altered and enlarged, so as to afford at present sitting accommodation for 380 persons. At Flinders-street a gallery has been constructed free of debt, and providing 300 additional seats in the church. This exten- sion may be considered equal to a good-sized church or chapel. At Norwood an infant schoolroom and three smaller class-rooms have been added to the school buildings— also free of debt. "Half-yearly meetings were held at Gawler on 11th April last. The large attendance at both business and public meetings was most gratifying. Throughout the meetings were an unqualified success, and we think fully vindicate the adoption and justify the continuance of such gatherings, especially if held in the country and on a public holiday, "Aged Ministers' Relief Fund. — This is now an institution in connection with our denomina- tion, and must become the means of comfort and blessing to many. The sum of over a thousand pounds is in trust, and rules for guiding the Committee in dealing with any income arising from the fund have been adopted. This fund, as also our Building Fund and our magazine Truth and Progress, will be reported upon separately. " Our library has enjoyed considerable quiet this year. But few volumes have been added, and although a goodly number of readers have availed themselves of the privilege, there is great room for improvement in both respects. "' Our Book Depot.— Although not exactly an associational work, yet we think it worthy of remark. In the Lecture Hall, Flinders-street Baptist Church, tracts, pamphlets, and books of an evangelical character, and peculiarly fitted for usefulness, are always on hand for sale. " In conclusion, we are quite sure that a wide field is open to our work, and we ought to press forward. There is and will be increasingly the need for liberality and devotedness, but the past good season and present prospects of the colony should certainly stimulate and encourage to a hearty response. Brethren, if we are true and faithful we need have no fear for results. Our work rests upon a firm basis. And with a never- varying appeal ' to the law and to the testimony' for all that we do, and with an un- swerving trust in Him unto whom belongeth all power, we may be confident of ultimate and abundant success. We commend the Association with its work to the sympathy of all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and to the blessing of our Triune God." 1 At 1 p.m. an adjournment was made for luncheon, and the Association reassembled at 2.30. AGED MINISTERS' FUND. Mr. James Smith read the report of the Aged Ministers' Relief Fund, which showed that the amount in the National Bank at 3½ per cent, was £1,000,6s. 9d. PROPOSED BAPTIST BUILDING FUND. Amount in hand September 1, 1872, £12 ; and received since £4. TREASURER'S REPORT. Mr. Jas. Smith read the financial statement, which shewed receipts £462 16s., and expendi- ture £470 3s., leaving a balance of £7 7s. due to the Treasurer. On the motion of Mr. Yates, sesonded by Mr. Gurr, the annual report was adopted and ordered to be printed. The other reports were also adopted. PAPER. The Rev. J. M. Day read the subjoined paper on "The best mode of dealing with the Church property of the denomination" : — "Suggestions as to better mode of dealing with the Church Property of the Denomination. — Those of our chapel properties which are under the Real Property Act are subject to one very great disadvantage, viz., that as trusts are not recognised under that Act the trust-deeds (at least so I imagine) are practically almost worthless. The parties in whose name the pro- perty stands are in fact the absolute owners. Hence though the trust-deeds make provisions that absence from the colony and other reasons shall disqualify, the disqualified trustees are, notwithstanding, owners of the property be- cause registered as such. In country districts, too, difficulties arise or may arise of another kind. Frequently half the trustees remove to a distance in a very short space of time, there is a difficulty in getting the requisite number or trustees, the deeds are not always deposited in a very safe place, and if, as is sometimes the case, they are allowed to remain in private hands, great difficulty and unpleasantness may arise. It has often oc- curred to me that it would be possible to effect such an arrangement as would not only do away with these difficulties, but secure many advantages which are not now possessed, it is to such an arrangement that I want to direct your attention. The Incorporation Act, No. 21 of 1858, affords special facilities for Associations of which I think it would be quite possible for us to avail ourselves in some such way as the following :— The South Australian Baptist Association, or some other body to be con- stituted for the purpose, might be incorporated under the Incorporation Act for the following purposes :— 1. To manage the Aged Ministers' Fund under the conditions already laid down in the trust-deed. 2. To hold all the chapel property of the denomination. Under this second head the following arrangements might be provided for : — A Building Fund, consisting of subscriptions, bequests, &c;, received for the purpose, which sums should be lent to Churches requiring loans at an interest slightly under the current rates, the interest received being, of course, added to the capital of the fund. An Insurance Fund at some future day when the capital is sufficient to warrant the step being taken, by which, on the Churches paying to the Corporation an annual amount equal to, or slightly in excess of, an ordinary insurance premium the Corporation would agree to replace a chapel in case of fire. The power to acquire and hold all the chapel property the trustees of which may agree to convey to them. The Cor- poration to grant to three or four persons, to be named by each Church, a lease for a short period, with the right of renewal, the lease to contain covenants which should be in fact a copy of the trusts of existing trust-deeds so far as applicable. The power further to purchase, &c;, sites for chapels, &c;, in such places as they may deem advisable, or to sell the same, and such other powers as may be found to be necessary. The process of incorporating is a very simple one, and can be effected at a trifling cost, and the process of appointing fresh sealholders when necessary is also exceedingly simple. Some such arrangements as I have suggested would secure many advantages. There would be many direct pecuniary advantages, more especially as the capital of the Society increased. Now the amounts paid for interest, &c;, are a burden to the denomination, then the denomination would get the full advantage of them. The deeds, &c;, of chapels would be in safe custody, and in a place where they were always accessible for reference. Leases are recoenised by the Real Property Act, though trusts are not; and the covenants of the lease could always be enforced. Hence the lease would give a guarantee -which the present trust-deed does not — that the purpose for which the chapel is built will be observed. An independent body would exist who might sell or acquire land or buildings for Church purposes. In new districts this might often be an advantage. Other advantages might be secured; but I do not refer to them now, because my object just now is not to deal with the subject in detail, but only to say sufficient to justify a motion I shall venture to submit to you. I ought just to anticipate one objection that may be made, viz., that such an arrangement is contrary to our Congregational principles. The reply of course is that it does not touch them. With us the Church and the building are entirely distinct, and whatever arrangements we may make as to the buildings, our principles of Church government remain intact. Fowler's Bay and Eucla. — From the distant South Australian settlement of Fowler's Bay Mr. W. E. Davidson wrote thus to us on August 20 :— ' The Messrs. Muir— two Eucla settlers — recently came here in a cart, and had a good trip, spending only nine days on the track from Eucla to Colona. Two of their horses, though small, were 'rolling fat,' and looked as if of a tolerably hardy stamp. They started back, accompanied by Trooper Richards and Mr. J. O'Donnell, and had to push on, as the black who was with them did not know all the convenient rock waters; but the return trip made by Mr. Richards and his companion only occupied seven days, and their horses looked well, as they were piloted by a Eucla aboriginal who had been carrying the mail between this place and there, and who was thoroughly acquainted with all the rocky waterholes, some of which are of large size and hold perhaps 1,000 gallons. The Messrs. Muir are sinking still for water inland, but as yet have been unsuccessful; and I am afraid that there will be considerable expense incurred before water is obtained, if at all. They have a boarded hut, and are as com- fortable as most bush pioneers are. It is sincerely hoped that they may obtain good water, as the land being similar for a long way along the coast, it would be a sort of guarantee for other people to venture, and be the means of opening up hundreds of miles of pastoral country in Western Australia. We have had nice rains, which have done good, though the grass is much later this year than last.' MAGAZINE REPORT. Mr. W. Neill read the report, which ex- pressed gratitude that the magazine— Truth and Progress— had been sustained through another year — the sixth of its history; but the con- tributions had been almost limited to those of Messrs. Price and Day. It had been the wish of the Editors to have a more extended field of writers, and it was hoped that ministers as well as laymen would furnish literary matter, so as to enable the conductors better to represent the denomination. Friends might use the corre- spondence column if they lacked time for writing articles. The plan adopted at Norwood of appointing a magazine correspondent might be tried elsewhere with advantage. It was not practicable at present to extend the paper beyond the colony unless intelligence could be supplied from distant places to give the paper more than local interest. Some altera- tions had been made ; but the magazine was not of a sound financial basis. Some of the Churches, as requested, had contributed, but others had not, and it was hoped that they would send in aid. The receipts had been £119 6s. 9d., and the expenditure £116 13s. 7d. The Secretary expressed regret that the magazine had not been so remunerative as was wished, and a discussion ensued upon the ques- tion. It was thought that with assistance the magazine might still prove a success. More advertisements should be obtained, and a greater variety of subjects could be dealt with in the columns of the paper, if people would contribute, so as to add to its general interest. Mr. Lambert moved a vote of thanks to the Editors and Secretary of the magazine for their services, and the motion was carried unani- mously. The Chairman said the conduct of those who managed the magazine had during the past year met with unqualified approval, and friends should support it more liberally. The Rev. S. Mead spoke of the prospects of the magazine, and thought Church matters might with success be written and spoken about in a Christian spirit in its pages. Members might contribute interesting matter, dealing with Christian work and enterprise. Opinions for and against the discussion of the teetotal question in the magazine were advanced, but the almost general idea was that the peculiar character of the journal precluded the introduction of that subject. The Revs. S. Fairey and J. M. Day were requested to act as Editors for the ensuing year. APPOINTMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES. The Revs. M. Lloyd and H. J. Lambert were appointed as representatives of the Association at the meetings of the Congregational Union and Presbyterian Assembly. HALF-YEARLY MEETING. It was resolved ' That the next half-yearly meeting should be held at Kapunda.' PAPER. The Rev. M. Lloyd read a paper on "Chris- tian zeal," in which he urged the necessity of exhibiting earnestness in carrying out Christian work, and firmness in dealing with the affairs of the world. Neglect in disseminating knowledge gained through Christian study was censured and every man was urged to bring the truth and present it to those around him as a duty he owed to God and himself. Spiritual steadfast- ness was the mainspring of true goodness, and all men should feel that the truth must conquer. He held that the zeal manifested in the conver- sion of sinners was very feeble, and needed stirring up. There should be more individual effort shown. People were too much disposed to leave the burden upon their minister's shoulders, when they should all be ministers of Christ, and fully feel the bond of human brotherhood. Our zeal sometimes became cool because we failed and were dis- couraged, but that feeling should not be tolerated. If souls must be converted to God zeal must be brought to bear upon the work, and denominational differences should not be allowed to interfere. Great zeal for God's glory had characterized past times, and that we should ever prove indifferent to it was a matter of deep regret. It became our solemn duty to love the praise ef God more than the praise of men. On the motion of Mr. W. K. Thomas, it was resolved — 'That a collection be made, to be divided between the City Mission and the Aborigines' Associations connected with Point Macleay and Point Pearce.' Carried. It was proposed and carried that the thanks of the meeting be accorded to Mr. Lloyd for his paper, and that it be inserted in Truth and Progress. COMMITTEE OF ADVICE. The Rev. S. Mead moved— 'That a Committee, to be called ' The Com- mittee of Advice,' consisting of three ministers and four laymen, all being members of this Association, be elected by ballot annually, and be eligible for re-election, and that four consti- tute a quorum. That the function of this shall be to give advice, to make awards, as the case may be, in all cases of dispute which may arise from time to time in Churches, whether between pastor and people, among members themselves, or between Churches. That the Churches as Churches be cordially invited to avail them- selves of the services and experience of this Committee as often as occasion may arise, aud be earnestly urged not only to seek advice, but to regard the Cemmittee as a Board of Arbitra- tion, and if possible to agree beforehand to abide by its decision.' He pointed out that often there arose dis- putes between private individuals on Church matters, and there was a difficulty in recon- ciling them unless a third party acted as referee —a person better capable of judging calmly and without prejudice between them. The system advocated he considered did not trench upon the true independence of a Christian Church. It was a principle of reconciliation sanctioned by our Saviour. When Church disputes arose persons possessing every qualification for judging uprightly could be selected, and the design was to promote and secure peace in the Churches. The question whether the Committee should be composed of three members and four laymen, or laymen only, was another matter which could be settled. Mr. J. Smith seconded, and said a Committee of Advice was often needed in the settlement of Church differences. He suggested that the parties disputing should each nominate a referee. The Rev. D. Badger was opposed to the reso- lution, as it interfered with the independence of the Churches. He did not see what power the Committee would have unless it was supported by the Association, and he considered it unneces- sary to appoint such a Committee. The minister should follow out the teachings of the New Testament in deciding the disputes of Church members. When those means failed then the Church could appoint a Committee. Mr. Niebar supported the proposition. If the disputants chose to submit to the decision of the Committee let them do so. He had often thought that a Board of the kind proposed would be of great use. Mr. W. Barker also supported the motion. The Committee, he pointed out, was to be one of 'advice,' and surely there was no overriding the freedom of the Church in that. There was nothing to prevent people attempting to settle the matter between themsalves, and when that failed they could seek the advice of impartial persons. The Rev. H. J. Lambert also supported, re- marking that parties could appoint their own Committee. Such a Board as the one proposod would be very beneficial. Mr. A. S. Neill said that it would be almost impossible for the Association to go into the details of Church disputes, therefore it dele- gated its authority to a smaller body, which was the wisest course. He very cordially supported the motion. Mr. W. K. Thomas did not see the slightest danger to the independence of the Churches in the appointment of such a Board of Advice, but he thought an improvement might be made. In some cases it might happen that one or more of the Board members might be personally inte- rested in a dispute, and it would be better in such a case to make provision for that by allowing the appointment of others in their place. Mr. Neill suggested a quorum of four. The Rev. S. Mead quite agreed with the suggestion made by Mr. Thomas, and thought it was met by the proposal of Mr. Neill. He repeated his arguments in favour of the Board, and remarked that it was only in cases where other means of reconciliation failed that the Board would be resorted to. The Associa- tion only stepped in and suggested that there were means of applying to impartial persons. The reason why it should be distinctly under- stood that certain persons were appointed for the purpose of settling disputes was that many Churches could not satisfactorily arrange their misunderstandings. It would be a much more wise and simple arrangement to have such a Board of Advice. The proposition as amended was carried. ROLL OK DELEGATES. During the proceedings it was stated that the list of delegates was not complete, and it was arranged to fill up the roll next day. An adjournment was made at 5 o'clock for tea. COMMUNION SERVICE. There was a good attendance at this service in the evening, although the weather was very unfavourable. The centre pews of the church were completely filled. The Rev. H. J. Lambert presided, and the Revs. J. Price, M. Lloyd, and D. Badger engaged in prayer. Mr. Lambert gave a brief address, referring chiefly to the ordinance as calling to mind union with Christ. The Rev. S. Mead also dwelt upon the importance of regarding the Lord's Supper as a festival of purest joy. He remarked that if there was one place beyond others where joy should abound it was at the Lord's table. He stated that the history of this ordinance, as it had been observed during tho eighteen centuries since its institution, showed that it had been sadly perverted. At the present time many entertained beliefs regarding it very opposed to the simplicity of the rite as esta- blished by Jesus. Especially was it deemed necessary to dwell upon the sorrowful aspect of Christ's death and sorrow was almost regarded as essential to the mind of the communicant; but the sorrow of Christ was the prelude to His joyful resurrection, and we should dwell upon the fact of what the Saviour is to the believer now. A collection was made at the close amounting to £6 15s. The sum would have been larger if full notice had been previously given. 