? i AEOHDEAOON DENISON ON THE CON FEiSIONAL. Archdeacon Denison. in preaching oa Sunday befura ; the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, the Bi.hop of Bath ; and Wells, and the Mayor and Corporation in the Wei s : Cathedral, dwelt at oonsiJerable length ou the severe ? crisis through which, he mn'.i, the Cbnroh of England ' was now pusing in connection wl.h the question of I oonftBiion and absolution Of the aba'einent of that teverity he saw no prospect. A glorions opportunity was now vouchsafed to tho reform)! Church of .Eng land to come lo the front It wai rcqi-.reJ of tv^iy member of the Church who found himself unable t- quiet his conscience by oonfeBEton to G)d to go to God's priest to oonfess hlmielf. It was au Integral part of the commission received of the Huly Ghost by every priest at the hands of his bishop thit ne should hear the penitent's confession, unJ wheu he Baw fit give him absolution. The words s,- km by Jesus Christ to'- His disoiples on thi dnv of the resurrection, wnen lie gave the luusion to evangeliie the world In His nimc, wirj pat by the Church into the mouths of htr bishops when ? they conferrel the order of priesthood : ' Bioeire the ! Holy Ghost for the olfioe and work of a priest of the 1 Ohureh of God now committed unto thee by tbe imposition of our hands. Whose sins thon dost for give they are forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain they are retained.' Bat in the faoe of the plain natural meaning of the words in St. John's Gospsl j and of the parallel places In Holy Soripture, it was ' commonly denied here in England that Jesus Christ I gave to man the power to forgive or to withhold the orgivenesa of sins in His name, and it was contended, therefore, that the Prayer Book could not mean what ' it said on behalf of the Reformed Chnroh. Now, it { wai*. dangerous thing, especially in a country whore people liked plain speaking, to tell them that the Scriptures or the Prayer Book did not mean what the; said ; and he affirmed in the most formal way that the ! premiie and the oonoluaion were alike false. Private ' confession and absolution had shared the common fate , of truths obscured by man's mi-nse or dltUie, or both, and when the Providence of God revived the perception of trath obsonred and of pious obser- ' vanoes neglected, it was put of the punishment of past blindness and nuthankfulnesB that tbe revival, instead of being welcomed as being, what.it was, an out pouring of the Spirit, was regretted as in itself unsound and untrue. If So .ipture said one tbing in England and the Times newspaper another, 600 cut of £10 people wouli believe the Times. A primary truth of the Gospel, an observance under given conditions, imperative on priest and people, a law and iordinance of theCharoh, testified by the greatest names, had fallen with doubt, but that it still existed as a law in someshape oould not be denied. After some further observation*, .the Archdeacon went on to say that the two places in which the doctrine of private bonfesBlon and absolution wassct forth in the Prayer Book were the order of the, administration of the Lord's Supper and that for the visitation of ihe siok, and toward b the dose of hU address contended that . to restrict confession -. and . absolution ? to the deathbed or to cases of gross sin -was very like to' restricting repentance to such cases. He oited ihe names of 42 archbishops and bishops and 29 priests of the Beformel Ghuroh who had borne testi mony to what he maintained was the true teaching rcepeoting confession, adding that these names did not represent the. whole value, muoh less the amount of the testimony, any more than the memorial of the 483 olergy represented the value of the amount of earnest longing within the Reformed Church for the several things set down in it. The Archdeacon also quoted a passage from the 'Bampton Lectures,' written by the present Bishop of Salisbury, in favour of confession and absolution, alleging that the great defect in the passage was that it teemed to restore confession and absolution to the dying bed. The Archbishop ooncluded by expressing his gratitude to the Almighty that priests by thousands were teaohing and practising private oonfesslon, and that ihe laity by tens of thousands were rcj liclng la the oomtort whloh was thus afforded 