NOTES FROM OUR BANTAM. - \- 7b the Editor of the Dalbu HeraUl. Sir,— I beg pardon, 1 know not that tho Ijmoich Observer kept "a growler. . Dr. Watts onco. wroto BOtrndhing about " Yo qundriipcd who dclighloth to bark and bite," nnd it is curiam if two growlors woro to moot, misohiof would como of it. So after con sideration of tlio matter,"! found that I could crow, nnd Lhht, instead of boihg u growlor, I was only a buntnm. Bog pardon, Sir, I'm sure, for culling my- "solf Growlor. I'll crow — I won't crawl. I consider 'it a crying shamo thnt you rofusod to insert that lottor from Turoom about tho fight ovor' tho gnmo of pool I -wanted to know all about it, and you kopt it bock. Whut is a nowspapor for I should liko to know ? Suppose Mrs. B. to call Mrs. 0\. all sortB of numoit, nnd ond tho mnltor hy sornteh- ; ing hor face," isn't the nuwnnper tlio vory thing to toll the' world about it P . What is life I ask, if you cunuot get notoriety, and if you don't got it. by your good common sense, why 'tihouldn't you try and light for it? "Juetitia" quarrelled j JusLitia" -struck tlio first blow i " Jiislitin" wns puiiisliod ; "JusLitia" writes to tho Dalbu Jlrrald, and you rofuso " Jus- tie-in" u hcuring. Too bud, Sir— too bad ; if tho man wished to write liimsolf down nu — . Dear ino tho nnjiio is very familiar, but, never mind, put in wiint you liko, it won't matter. Thnt other fight! I havo boon trying to writo an account of it, but. llm inuiriont are too puthotio. I broku down twice, nnd lmd to resort to ummonia to restore my oqnilibrlum. " At the lato soirco, u gcntlemau recited a pioco nlioiit somo awful tragedy whioli took place near a crook somowhoro. X don't quite roinmnlier where, but somo poor wretch wont nnd drowned horsolfabout somo dreadful mislnko, ond'voices wero heard. Bali I tho atory is goltiug jmiliuLio again, and Lwon'L try to get out of tho muudio I am In about it. - Butydopond on it, tlmt awful fight tho olhor night has mado llio banks of tlio Myall a placo henceforth Jo bo 'mon- tionod amongst, tlioso colcbrntod in classical .lorn. Sluutoa of tho dopnrtod— yo gliosis, of Maratlion, Hustinga, aud Watorloo, rest poaoofully in your soputciircs — yoiir days of noto nro oolipaod. Myall lioucoforth will bo tho theme of Llio poet's song. I havo drawn up tho syllabus of a great. work to bo .written somo day, whioli I don't mind revealing thus early. Tlio fight : 81iouts ringing along tlio banks of llio classic stream i dufianco rising liighor than tho roaring of tho mighty waters ; blood rushing down tho oltooka of vanquishod combatants f our AohiUos booriug off tlio standard t tho inqoti shining peaco- fully — this by way of oontrast, you know— on ths silvery waters; tho fair Rosamond waving a silkon bannorct iu tlio distanco, aud Policoman X bobblug round tlio cornor— tho rout comploto. Isn't tlmt a thomo for a noblo work P I must havo thought so, for, in tho vory momont of viotory, I crowed j i couldn't help it, you know. Reading tho Courier on Saturday, I saw a nolico to correspondents whioh troublos ono. Eight Dalby men and a Dalby man havo boon writing about tlmt land affair at Oattio -Crook, and Uio Editor has suubbod thorn. That's too lad ; if this sort of thing goes on 'twill bo no manner of uso to writo to tho popors about anything- Just think of tho troublo, tho nights of study, which that lottor cost thoco eight Dalby mon, and tho " lomonoblore" wllioh woro con sumed ovor its composition i tho hussa's and all that sort of thing, yoti know, with which tho opistle was .launched broadside into Prior's pocket, and the lbrcathle_B8 expeetnnoy of tlio crusuor_appooriiig.in print, and nil this lor tho wasto-papor baokot ; my comb grow white as I thought about it; I couldn t crow for on hour after. Dopond on it, it wasbocauso that odcr Dolby mon didn't unito with tho noblo eight. Eight and ono mako nino— a mystio number tiiat would have dono tho job, and Mollo and his 130 would havo nicltod liko snow in tho glancooftho.. I'm Burrv - If tho Mavnr was snubfaod. I wonder how ho would liko it? And see what may, perhaps, como of it.. Supposo theso nino Dalby men , w wore to omigrato where would Dnlby bo ? I cau't crow whon I think of tliis— indeed I can't. I'm afraid of my norvoa. Somo discontented minors havo beon setting up a petition to William Henry (Inm oftho Works Ofllco)- I «>ad that peti tion, end cotiBidorcd it a valuablo contribution to literature, but tho last words alarmed mo ns to tbo sanity of theso mom -Thoy toll W. H. that thsy would, as in duty bound, over pray, &o.; I couldn't got ovor that. Sovonty minors, besides morobants and 'storekeepers, promising over to pray as in duty bound ! Tho thought was so affecting, 1 was obligod d to wipo my oyes with my comb, whioh is rathor largo. I pioturod theso mon mooting togothcr, and bloBsing W. H. as in duty'bownd. Supposo bo docs notgraut tlioir potition, are thoy ovor to pray, or to do tho other thing P I can't mako it ont, but I beliovo I havo found out tho meaning of thoso curious things which follow tho word pray. Yos, &o.;, means tho opposite ; it is an abbreviation for—" if you don't, wo shall, as in duty bound, ovor kick you." 'Tib very pathotio— rend thus. , _ Thoso naughty Toowoomba and Drayton men. Why don't thoy charter a spociol, ond rim op to tako lessons how to eloct a Mayor P Dalby knows n thing or two moro than thoso mon, Somobody pro posed somo timo ago, that Toowoombo should bo tho metropolis of tho colony. I always thought that tho idea would mako tho rod soil pooplo unoasy. I go in for.Drayton, thoy do tho thing completely ; that back window pieco-of jugglery was porfeotion, only thoy might havo guillotined tho man nnd got him out oftho way quietly. Thoy failed there. But only to think of on Aldorman— or linlf an Aldorman, it don't matter— boing token by tho collar, tho vital current of his body being tapped at tho uoso, and his carcass kicked outat tho frontdoor, and liko Banquo's ghost, tho_snmo_individMal_ appearing liko. _n_.blocdmg spectro at tho baok window ! How vory sensational and indolicnte. But tho Toowoombo election was a poarl, "Tho majority of tho Aldermon woro rathor at soa as to which was tho right bond," so runs tho report. Anybody to say a word about free educa tion aftor that. I should liko to hoar- thorn, that's all. That district, sir, wants onlightoniug. I voto that our Mayor and tho noblo eight go as a daputo- tion to instruct those people how to conduct Muni cipal business. I would go, but champagne docstiT ngreo with ino, and I am so easily affected, that if there was any fighting to do, I should novor como back again. I should fight till I died. I havo it, thoso pooplo hnvo boon eating too mucli fruit, and it lias formonted. Thoy want soda, sir; to bo bum, why didn't I seo this boforo P Soda without P.B, I nm vory anxious about tlioso Romajurymon. Tlmt white bull caso socmcd to my dull bruin as plain ns possible, but they didn't convict. In oth'or oasos, tho evidence was very doubtful as to tho prisoner's guilt, and thoy conrietcd. I havo not hoard whetlicr tho Judge piously thankod God again about any of tho vordicts wliicli followed Rcdford's caso. I considered that, thanksgiving vory rich. But wo bantams held a council about tno sittings of tliis court, and ono of my hens stated that sho had heard somo lions over tho way saying that thoy woro told that tho man who presided or something liko this, it might bo tho prosecutor for all I know, you soo 'tis somewhat un certain being horcsay dviucnco ; howovor alio said that somebody or other wns always so partial, the jury woro sure to decide oractly in tlio contrary way. I don't quite understand it, so many pathctio circum stances troubling mo this wcok, I'm rather oloudy. But as I seo tho caso, a judge is put to sum up tlio evidence impartially without roforenco to tho guilt or innoconco of tho prisonor; — this is for tho jury to docido. But if a judge thinks himself a Daniel, ho of courso decides that tho jury are brainless, and cannot possibly haro any discernment. Tlion of courso ho is m duty bound to toll thoso brainless mon what thoy nro to do. Tiioy boing brainless docido oxactlv contrary to the dictation of tho Judgo who insults tlioir judgmont, and if tho Judgo Is in favour of tho prisonor thoy condomn him, and yico versa, I liko tliis, only it is soinotimos inconvoniont that this byo-play botweon judgo and jury should sot at largo a criminal, about whoso guilt thoro is not n shadow of a doubt. I go in rathor than this, for a summary justice, as wo bantomB proctiso law, a good loud crow, and thon at it. But tlion I'm only a bantam. Hcigho! Good-byo, sir; ono of my lions Iiob just laid an egg and is oalling mo to rojoioo with hor. A Ratiier Hard Case. — A correspondent, who signs himself " Martin Irwin," relates liis griovancos hi tho Border Tost (Stnnthorno) ns follows: — "I was arrested hero about thrco wooks ago, at tho instonco of that sniondid spoclmon of doteotivo ingomiity, Mr. Shcolian ; lio arrested mo for stealing a bono from- ono Mr. Canning, of Brisbane | ho arrested me as ono Jamos Malcolm ; I told him that my nam# was nob Malcolm, but was Martin Irwiu; all my . protestations wore in vaiu t he took mo to tho lock up and confined mo (is d folon. Tlio noxt day I was brought up boforo tho Magistrates and remanded for four 'dnysV I offorcd to produco witnesses to provo my identity, but Mr. SUcohan would not allow mo to do so; I wns roinnmlod to Brisbnno j from horo to Warwick I was handcufi'cd ; from War- -wick to Ipswich I was chaiiiod to n gang of convicted folons; on my nrrirnl at Bi-inbano I was brought beforo Mr. Rawlins, tho Polico 'Magistrate. Mr. Canning was thoro and said I was not tlio man, and I was at qnco discharged. Now, 8ir, I dbsiro to know what redress I can claim for this grievous wrong. Is iL inlho powor of any doteotivo, on bis moro caprice, to havo innocent mon arrested nnd draggod as felons through tho oountry f Whon boforo tho Stnnthorno Polico Magistrate, I stated at tho timo of tho allogod horso-itonling I wm sheep-washing at Roso- wood Station, near Ipswioh, but my ntnlumonb wns disregarded, and I havo boon oxposod in ehuins to the gazo of hundreds of spectators, locked up in cells, on broad and water, nnd mado to associate with the vilest of ohnraetcra, moroly to gratify tho suspicions of dolectivo Shoohan. And who is ho, Sir, that ho should hnvo this iinmcuso powor ovor his follow -creatures ? Surely It was itovor iuto'ndod that mon in suoh positions should inflict such grlovous wrongs upon their follow creatures, and -no redress to bo obtniuod from tliom. Tito abovo is a simplostotorooiit of farts, nnd I osk yon, Sir, to bo goou onough to publish it, ill tho hopo tlmt it may attraot tho atten tion of thn"authorltios,'ru!(l induce thorn, to caution not only Shcolmn but othor men in positions liko linn nob to hastily imperil tholiboity of British ' subjects by'i arresting thorn on 6UBpicionsdkwhio)i enquiries would readily remove." . . ' 