WITHIN THE MAZE. CHAPTER XXIX. ONLY A NIGHT OWL. The wide window of the upper sitting-room at the Maze was thrown open to the night air. Looking forth from it, was Sir Adam Andinaian and his wife. He was in his usual evening dress, that he so obstinately continued to wear in the teeth of remonstrance ; she wore a loose white robe and a blue cashmere shawl over it. She looked delicately fragile, very weak and ill ; and this was the first day that she had left her bed chamber for any length of time. There was no light in the sombre room. Before light was allowed to come in, the window would need to be closed and the shutters closed for the night. Not a word was spoken between them as she had not long come into the room. A great fear lay on both of their hearts. The suspicions that appeared to be attaching themselves to the Maze, were producing their effects on the comfort of the inmates within ; and perhaps these suspicions were feared all the more because they did not as yet take any tangible or distinct form. That a detective officer was in the neighbourhood looking about Adam had heard from his brother ; and that it was the same man who had been seen by Ann Hopley watching the house in the moonlight, and who had presented himself at the gate the next day demanding permission to enter, Sir Adam had no doubt. And Karl was taking to write him notes of caution as well. Brave though he was, he could not feel safe. He felt the officers of justice might descend upon him at any moment. He felt that he would be able to evade them if they did come ; but he could not feel easy about it. In consequence of this apprehension, Adam and his wife were constantly on the alert, their senses affected by any unusual sights or sounds.The constant fear of discovery was enough to wear them both out. It may be hard for the reader to realise, what the situation was. A novelist's pen may be faithful enough in portraying some things, but it could scarcely portray this. All encompassing was the awful vista of Portland Island. Whatever they did, nothing else seemed to block it out of their minds. A gentle breeze suddenly arose, stirring the trees outside. No other sound was heard, but this was enough to ensure a higher level of alert. They knew it was only the wind, but could not restrain their hearts beating faster. Rose had another great anxiety, which her husband would not admit to. It was on the score of Adam's health. There could be no doubt that something was amiss, for he had occasional flurries of pain that seemed to arise without any explainable cause. Ann Hopley, who considered herself wise in ailments, declared that he ought to see a doctor. She had said it to her master ineffectually ; she now began to say it to her mistress. Sir Adam laughed in her face when his wife was present, and ridiculed her advice with mocking words of pleasantry. Ann Hopley was unmoved and gave nothing but grave looks in return. The fact was, she knew more than Rose did, and more than Sir Adam would allow his wife to know. One day, going to a part of the grounds where she knew she would find her master, she found him amidst the trees in a fainting fit, his face blueish white. Some acute pain, or spasm, sharper than he had ever felt before, had caused him to lose consciousness. When he recovered, he threatened Ann with innumerable pains and penalties if she breathed a word of this to to her mistress. Accordingly, Ann Hopley held her tongue, although when Rose recovered she began to see that Adam was not well. And the impossibility of calling in a doctor to him, without arousing curiosity or gossip that might lead to danger, was causing her great anxiety. " The baby sleeps well tonight, Rose." " He has slept better and has been altogether easier since he was baptised," was her answer. " It is just as though he knew he had been made a little Christian, and he feels better for it." " Goose !'" said Sir Adam smiling. ' Don't you think you are sitting up too late, you young mamma ?" " I am not tired, Adam. I had a good sleep this afternoon." " It is later than perhaps than you realise, Rose. Hard upon ten." " Would you like to have lights ?" she asked. " No, I'd rather be without them." She too, would rather be without them. In this time of rising tension that was developing, it seemed safer to be at the open window looking out, than to be shut up in the closed room where any approaches of danger could neither be seen nor heard. Perhaps the same kind of feeling was swaying Sir Adam. " You are sure you are well wrapped up, Rose ?" " Certain. And I could not take cold in this weather. It is like summer still." All around was still as death. The stars shone in the sky ; the gentle breeze that had ruffled the trees earlier seemed to have died away. Breaking in on the stillness, came the sound of the church clock at Foxwood, ringing its four quarters and the ten strokes ot the hour after it. The same quarters, the same strokes that Miss Blake also heard, emerging from Dame Bell's cottage. The husband and wife, poor souls, stood side by side, for a long time hushing the tension that was playing havoc with their lives. Presently Adam spoke again. " Rose, if you stay here longer I shall close the window. This night air, calm and warm though it is, cannot be good for you." She laid her warning hand upon his arm. He was speaking at that moment, and so she caught the sound first. A pause of intense silence, their hearts beating almost loud enough to be heard ; and then the sound of advancing footsteps could be heard coming through the gate. " Go, Adam," she whispered. But, before Sir Adam could, leave the room, the whistle of a popular melody broke out upon the air, and they knew the intruder was Karl. It was his usual advance signal. Ann Hopley heard it below, and opened the heavily-barred door to him. " You are late tonight, sir." " True. I could not come earlier, Ann. It was not safe." Poor Karl Andinnian ! Had he but known ; it was not safe that night, later as well as earlier ! He had not come in unnoticed. For, you know it was the night mentioned earlier, when his interview with Mr Strange had taken place, and the detective and Miss Blake had subsequently watched him enter the Maze. " Now then, Karl," began Sir Adam, when the room closed and lighted, and Ann Hopley had left the room. " What was the precise meaning of the cautionary note you sent me today ?" " It was meant enjoin extra caution upon you," replied Karl, after a moment's hesitation, and a quick glance at Rose. " If you have anything to say and are hesitating because my wife is present, don't worry, you may speak out freely," cried Sir Adam. Rose seconded the words. " Speak, Karl, speak," she said anxiously, leaning towards him. " It will be a relief to me. Nothing that you or anyone else can say can be as bad as my own fears." " Well, I have found out that that man we talked about is a London detective," said Karl, deeming it best to tell the whole truth. " He is down here looking for an escaped fugitive. Not you Adam ; one Salter." " One Salter ?" echoed Sir Adam, testily. " Who's he ?" Is there any Salter at Foxwood ?" " It seems that the police in London suspected that he was here, and they sent this detective, who calls himself Strange to find him. Salter, however, cannot be found and there is no doubt that the suspicion was a mistake. Unfortunately, Strange has had his thoughts directed towards the Maze, and is looking into it." " After me !" cried Adam. " No. I do not believe there exists the smallest suspicion that you are not in the family vauit in Foxwood Churchyard. He fancies someone is concealed here and thinks it must be Salter." " But why on earth should his suspicions be directed at the Maze at all ?" demanded Sir Adam, with a touch of his native, haughty heat. " Aye, why ! We have to thank Moore for that, and your own incaution, Adam, when you allowed yourself to be seen the night he brought Nurse Chaffen here. It seems the woman has talked of it outside, telling people including Strange, that what she saw was either a real gentleman in dinner attire or a ghost in the semblance of one. Some have taken unhesitatingly to the ghost theory, believing it to be a remnant of the Throcton times ; but detectives are wiser men." " And this man is keeping the Maze under observation ?" " Just so. He is after Salter, not you." Sir Adam made no immediate observation. Rose listened eagerly and looked intently at Karl. " Is it sure that Salter is not in the place ?" she asked in a low tone. " That he has not been here ?" " Quite sure, Rose. The idea was a complete misapprehension," replied Karl, returning her intense glance. " Therefore," he added, by way of giving what reassurance he could, the man you have dreaded so much is not on Adam's trail at all : but on the imaginary one of Salter.". " One scent leads to another," broke forth Sir Adam. " While the fellow is tracking down Salter, he may find me. Who's to know that he has not a photograph of Adam Andinnian in his pocket, or my face in his memory ?" " I should like to ask him the question, if he knew Sir Adam Andinnian personally ; but I dare not." remarked Karl. " A suspicion once awakened would not end. Your greatest security lies in no one knowing you are alive." " My only security," corrected Sir Adam. " Well Karl, if that man has got his eyes directed towards the Maze, it puts an end to all hope of my trying to get away. Little doubt I suppose, that he is watching the outer walls night and day ; perhaps with, a dozen comrades to help him." " For the present, you can only stay where you are," acknowledged Karl. " I have told. you all this, Adam to make you doubly careful. But for your reckless lack of caution, I would have spared you the additional uneasiness it must bring." " Even though the man does know me, the chances are that he would not find me if he came in,'"mused Sir Adam aloud. " With my precautions, the task would be somewhat difficult. You know it Karl." " Yes, but you are not always using your precautions," replied Karl. " Witness you here, sitting with us openly in your dinner dress ! Don't do it in the future, Adam ! I beseech your to conceal yourself as best you can. When this present trouble has subsided - if it does subside - why then you may resume your old habits again. At least, there will not be so much risk." " I'll see," assented Sir Adam. Which was a concession, from him. " Be on your guard day and night. Be alert, always ready for any surprise or emergency. Strange talked about applying for a search-warrant to examine the house. Should he do so, I will warn you if possible. But your safer course should be looking for the enemy with every ring that the gate bell gives, every breath that stirs the trees, every sound that vibrates on the air." " A pretty state of things !" growled Adam. " I'm sure I wish I had never come here ." " Oh, that you had not !" returned Karl. " It's my proper place, though. It is. My dear little son, heir to all, ought to be bronght up on his own property. Karlo, old fellow, that remark must have a cruel ring to your ear ; but I cannot put the chiid out of his birthright." " I shonld never wish you to do it, Adam." " Some arrangement shall be made for the far off future ; rest assured of that - and tell your wife so. In any case, Foxwood will be yours for one-and-twenty years to come, and the income you now enjoy to keep it going. After the boy shall be of age -" " Let us leave those considerations for the present," interrupted Karl. " All of us may be dead and buried before then. As for me, I hardly seem not to see a single step before me, let alone a series of years." " Right, Karl. These dreams lay hold of me sometimes, but it is worse than silly to speak of them. Are you going ?" " Yes. It is late. I would not have come in tonight but for wishing to warn you. You will try and take care of yourself, Adam ?" he affectionately added, holding out his hand. " I'll take care of myself ; never fear," was Sir Adam's light answer as he grasped it. " Look here, brother mine," he resumed after a slight pause, " God knows that I have suffered heavily for what I did. He knows that my whole life, from dawn to dusk, is one unbroken penance and I believe in my heart that his compassion will shield me from further danger. There ! Take that to comfort you, and go in peace. Retaining bis brother's hand while Karl said good night to Rose, Adam went downstairs with him, and, went outside with him, after Ann Hopley had unbarred the door. This extra precaution of barring the doors after sunset, had only been taken since the advent of their concern about Mr Strange. " Don't come out," urged Karl. " Just a step or two." Karl submitted ; he felt sure that active danger was non-existent tonight. Yet he felt that it was Adam's natural incaution which would eventually betray him. " Karl, did you tell me everything ?" he began as they plunged into the Maze. " Was there more that you would not speak of in front of the wife." " I told you all, Adam. It is bad enough." " It might be worse. If they were looking for me, instead of this fellow Salter ! But I am not afraid. " Adam, do not come any farther. If the man was able to get in on one night, he may get in on another. Good bye." " Goodbye, dear old anxious fellow !" " Go in, and get the door barred." " All right. Good night, then !'' Karl walked on, through the intricacies of the Maze. Adam stood listening for a moment, and then turned to retrace his steps. As he did so, a sharp dart of pain he was growing accustomed to went through him, making him sick and faint. He seized hold of a tree for support, and leaned against it. "" What on earth can be the matter with me ?" ran his thoughts after the pain had subsided, and he was using his handkerchief to wipe cold sweat from his brow. " As Ann Hopley says, I ought to see a doctor ; but it is not to be thought of with this new bother hanging over the house. Hark ! Oh, it's only the wind rustling the leaves again." He stopped still - listening carefully. Listening in a dreamy kind of way, his thoughts still on his malady. " I wonder what it is ? If the pain were in a different direction I might think it was the heart. But it is not that. When my father was first taken ill of his fatal illness he spoke of some such queer attacks of agony. I am over young for his complaint, though. I wonder if disease ever grows out of anxiety ? If so - " A whirl and a rustle flew just over his head, and Sir Adam started as though had been struck. It was only a night owl, flying away from the tree above, with her dreary call and beating of wings. But the bird had served to startle him severely, and he felt sick and faint again just as he did before from the physical pain. His nerves were stretched to extreme tension tonight. That Adam Andinnian, that cool equable man, who had laughed at nervous tension in others, could be thus shaken by the noise of a common night bird, will serve to show how his later life had affected him. He tried to hide this from his family and maintained his habitual carelessness. But there could be no doubt that he was suffering from the continuing pressure that was placed upon him, by his extremely difficult situation. In the early days, before his escape from Portland Island, Karl had foreseen what the Adam's life would be if he did escape. An existence of miserable concealment ; of playing hide and seek with the law ; always concerned about the possibility of being retaken. In short, a hunted man who dares not meet with his fellows, of whom all must be enemies. And so it had turned out, as Adam Andinnian was now realising. While horrified by the possibility of recapture, perhaps if he had the choice he would have remained a prisoner rather than escaping to this. He realised this profoundly as he stood there in the dark surroundings on this damp still night. Karl took in the glitter of the stars above, which were shining upon him through the interstices of the trees, and remained there in the gloom, lost in reflection. " I should be better off there," he murmured, gazing at the stars above and thinking of Heaven and beyond. " And, it may be, that my God, knowest that. Life has become a weary one here, full of pains and penalties." " Master !" came to him in a hushed, doubtful voice at this juncture. " Master, are you within hearing ? My mistress is feeling anxious, and wants the door bolted." " Aye, bolt and bar it well, Ann," he said going forward. " But barred doors will not keep out all the enemies of man." Meanwhile Karl had passed through the Maze and cautiously let himself out at the gate. No one that he could discern, was within sight or hearing ; and he crossed the road at once. Then, but not before, he became aware that his agent, Mr. Smith, was in his favourite spot, leaning on the little garden gate, his green glasses discarded - as they generally were after sunset. " Good evening," said Karl in passing. His agent's reply, however, served to arrest his progress. " Would you mind stepping in for one moment, Sir Karl ? I wanted to talk to you, and have been waiting for you to come out." " Is it anything particular ?" asked Karl, turning in at the gate which Mr. Smith held open. " I'll get a light, if you will wait an instant." Karl heard the striking of a match indoors, and Mr. Smith reappeared in the passage with a candle. He ushered Karl into the room on the left side ; the best room, that was rarely used. " This one has got its shutters closed," was the explanatory remark. " I generally keep the others open until I go to bed." " Tell me at once what it is you want,'"said Karl. " It is late, and I shall have my household wondering where I am." " Well, Sir Karl, first of all, I wish to ask if you are aware that you were watched as you went into the Maze tonight ?" He spoke in the lowest whisper : scarcely above his breath. The agent's one servant had been in bed at the top of the house long before ; but he was a careful man. " No. Who watched me ?" " Two people, sir, one was Miss Blake, the lady staying with you at the Court ; the other was that confounded fellow who is at Foxwood and up to no good ; pushing his prying nose on the sly into everything." " Do you mean Mr. Strange ?" " That's the name ; a lodger at Mother Jinks. He and the lady watched you go in, Sir Karl ; they stood close by the gate amongst the trees : and then they walked off down the road together." Karl's pulse beat a shade more quickly. " Why should they have been watching me ? What could be their motive ?" " Miss Blake probably did not intend to watch. I saw her coming along with a sharpish step from the direction of St. Jerome's - Cattacomb may have been treating his flock to a nocturnal service. When she was near the Maze she must have heard your footsteps, for she took herself behind the trees to hide. After you went in, she came out of her shelter with the man Strange. So, he must have been hidden there beforehand, Sir Karl ; watching and waiting." Karl was silent. He did not like to hear what he was hearing. It seemed to foretell future danger. " I went in to warn Sir Adam about this same man," he observed ; " to tell him never to be off his guard, day or night. For Strange is a London detective !" 