In accordance with the notification given in our last issue, the Avoca Mail will, from to day, be published Tuesdays and Fridays, and as an evening instead of a morning paper. The object of these alterations, as the majority of our readers are doubtless aware, is to outrun, and, if possible, to crush the spiteful opposition instituted against the proprietor of this journal by a small soction of the community, who would seek to ruin him because, forsooth, he differed with them on a question of public importance. We do not hide our motives, or gloss them over in any manner, but state them as boldly as we intend to carry on the struggle we have now entered upon. The reason for this opposition, as is well known, is a desire to avenge a defeat on the ques tion of the removal of the Post Office,, in procuring which the proprietor of this journal took a prominent part. This reason has been sufficiently admitted by three- fourths of the subscribers to the establish ment of ' the new printing and newspaper office; although, at a later date, seeing that the public would not support so vindictive a proceeding, it has been denied in a circular signed " The Committee Delegated to Reply." The mere fact of the existence of a committee in connection with the management of a printing office and news paper proves that the promoters have some special object in view in its establish ment, and that object has been avowed by word of mouth times out of number. We admit that some half-dozen of the sub- scribers were not actuated by' this design, they having given their money under the good-natured impreafeion that they were assisting a poor man in the ordinary way of business. Bnt proof of the sinister motives actuating the majority of the subscribers and the " committee " is furnished, if in no other way, by the announcement of their intention to issue their paper on Saturday— our former day of publication — showing that they do not consider either the pecuniary interest of their printer or the convenience of the public so much as their blind deter mination to compete with this journal. With a courtesy which they could not ex tend to us, we give them (at least, for the present) the Saturday, as they have fixed nr\nnf if TMililicliin rr nnr nwn "nnriAr rm flm previous evening instead. In relation to this latter change of time, we may state that it is made purely as an experiment, under the impression that it will he found more convenient to our readers. Should we find that the interests of the public are not so well served, we will publish on the morn ings of the days we have mentioned. In the past we have used our best endea vours for the interests of the district. For the future it is not possible to do or promise more; and it rests with the inhabitants, who are the real arbitrators in the struggle into which wo have been forced, to showwhether our efforts have been remembered and ap preciated ; and it is for them to decide whether so vindictive an opposition shall be allowed to prosper, to the detriment of an individual who incurred that opposition by his exertions for the public good. If our anticipations as to the position the Avoca Races will hold in the future sporting meetings of the colony needed confirmation, it will be abun dantly found in the number of nominations for the different handicaps we publish elsewhere in this issue. 9o many nominations have never before been known, thus evincing the fairness of tho conditions attached to the various articles. Wo have no doubt the gentlemen entrusted with the handicapping will exercise equul care and judgment, and then we may expect to see, not only good fields of horses, but capital contests on our racecourse ou Thursday aiul briduy, the 27th and 28th of this month, as well as a large atten dance to witness them. We have only now to hope for propitious weather. We summarise the numbers of the nominations, which speak for themselves For the Shire Haudicap, 17 ; the /Town Plate, 21; Handicap Hurdle Race, 14; and Flying Handicap, 23. The case of the gold robbery at the store of Mr Salvana at Number One, resulted on Wednesday in the summary conviction of the prisoner Tip Lim at the Avoca Police Court, and the sentence by Mr Carr of three months' imprisonment in the Maryborough gaol, as will be seen by the report. The Court was thronged with swarthy visaged countrymen of the accused, whose mouths during the address of Mr Hoskins for the defence bore the upward curve of perpetual grins at the corners, but when the conviction came, and the sentence was unmistakeably pronounced by Mr Carr P.M., strange was the metamorphosis, the curves became of a fearfully downward tendency aud the little ''almond eyes" hadn't the ghost of a twinkle left in them. As an instance of the healthy impetus given by the Education Act, and the rules framed there under, we have to notice the gratifying fact that the old building erected and for many years used for the worship of the Church of England has been converted into a schoolhouso for the more juvenile' pupils. It has been fitted up with rows of seats, each rising above the other on an inclined plane, and altered in other respects, to carry out the excellent purpose intended. The work has been welldone by Mr Classen,, of this town. Ladies are becoming generous in additions to humanity in Avoca and neighborhood- Not long since we noticed two blooming little girls, twins, images of each other, the children of Mr and Mrs Campbell, of Homebush. A few days since Mrs Henry, of Avoca, added twins to the population ;. and early on Tuesday morning Mrs H. G. Wise, of Maryborough road, Avoca, presented her liege lord with a brace of sons. It wouldn't do for any disciple of Malthus. or Miss Martineau. to reside in this neighborhood. The Ladies Committee for the Avoca District held their fortnightly meeting at the Shire Hall, on Wednesday evening. Present : — Mrs Holland, (President), Mesdames Bostock, Cattlin, Hall, McMahon, Smith, Sweet, and Miss Hall, (Corres pondent), Letters were read from the Government, of which we made mention in our last issue. On, the motion of Mesdames Hall aud Sweet, Mrs Cattlin was unanimously elected a member of the Committee. Before reading the applications from foster-parents, the Committee passed the following resolution, on the motion of Mesdames Smith and Cattlin ; " That all applications from foster parents be read at the first committee meeting after receipt, and be dealt with at the next meeting, in order to afford time for due inquiry." Several applications, for children from, intending foster-parents were then read, and sub committees were appointed to visit and enquire respecting the applicants' accommoda tion and character, and report to the next meeting. A Redbank application, received through the Rev. E. K. Yeatman, was on the motion of Mesdames McMahon and Bostock, ordered to be returned to that gentleman, with the intimation that the Com mittee could not deal with it, the locallity being out side the Committee's district. The Committee then adjourned to Wednesday, the 19th March. There is an old but none the less graceful adage, to the effect that "little drops of rain brighten the meadows as little acts of kindness brighten the world." It is intended to give a complimentary testimonial to our- oldest sporting resident, who has been stricken with illness resulting from a life of laborious activity; and we are sure ail will be happy to join in the recognition of Mr A. Dodd as a neighbor of long standing, ever ready to take part in the sporting affairs of the day. Mr A. F. Crana has kindly offered his services as secretary and otherwise, and a concert will be given for the purpose mentioned on an early date. We are requested by the Church of England Committee of Percydale to express their sincere thanks to those who so kindly contributed to the success achieved at the recent tea meeting there. This acknowledgment should have before been made; but that it may be somewhat late is not at all the fault of the committee so much as our owu in deferring it unwittingly. At the meeting of Maryborough Mining Board held on Tuesday last, Mr Edward O'Farrell was elected Chairman, for the tenth time. It has been a matter of frequent remark by those who have lived long enough in Avoca to entitle them to an opinion arising out of constant obser vation, that we have been generally favored with a staff of police officers who have performed their duties most unobtrusively, but at the same time firmly, This has not been the case in some places which could be named, whete the police are looked upon in one sense as natural enemies. In the course of a few days we are to lose one of the local force, in the person of Mr George Skerritt, who is appointed to take charge of the Glenorchy station, after having been stationed at Avoca for fourteen years, during which time not a word of com plaint has been uttered against him. He had made a comfortable home for himself, and had purchased other property as well — winch is now for sale — but he has the satisfaction of knowing that lie leaves with the good will and best wishes of all who have known htm. It cannot be said that a word of recognition of good and tried services is out of place when a neighbor is leaving us. Those who think otherwise may do so and be happy. Those concerned should not omit to notice that the tenders for the two publican's booths and fruit stall at the ensuing Moonambel races, must be sent in by 8 o'clock in the evening of Monday next the 10th instant, addressed to the Secretary, Com mercial Hotel, Moonambel. A gentleman, formerly a resident of Avoca, and now engaged on one of the mills on the Murray river, about five-and-thirty miles from Echuca, writes to a friend in Avoca as to the " fearful abounding" (as King James wrote of the witches) of snakes in the writer's locality. He says — "This place is swarming with snakes. So nume rous are they, that it is little short of a miracle some of the hands have not been bitten. Over 380 have been killed on this mill alone, while they are equally numerous at the other, for the fallers are killing at the rate of six and seven a day." We have to acknowledge the receipt of the March number of the Australian Journal , pub lished by Messrs Ctarson and Massina, Melbourne. This excellent magazine contains a large amount of highly amusing and readable matter, in prose and poetry, and an original song, words and music. " Larry McCann's Apprenticeship" is a well told" little Hibernian story, and is headed by a pretty woodcut. There is the continuation of a tale from the New York Ledger — "Mark Heber; or, the Young Man's Perils"— of the sensational order ; an appropriate " Story of a Valentine ;" a story from London Society; and four chapters of the story "Long Odds," by our clever friend, Mr Marcus Clarke, illustrated ; besides several other contributions. We may just say that the special affiche 011 the cover, complaining of want of fair notice of this publication by the colonial Pre ss, does not apply to us, as we have always spoken of colonial publications with pleasure when opportu nity offered, and we have felt justified in doing so, this amongst the number. The following should be well known. Those persons who are in the habit of receiving cheques for the country, and paying a fee of 6d on each cheque, will be glad to know that this charge is abolished. Banks honoring cheques drawn in other places than where they are presented for payment will, (the Age states) for the future charge only a commission otls percent for cashing the cheques. It will be observed that plans of the lands held by gold mining leases in the Maryborough and St. Arnaud Divisions may he obtuincd at the Mining Registrar's office, Avoca, or the Office of Mines, Melbourne. The price of tho plans is Is Gdeach. Fook Shing, the Chinese Detective at Melbourne, and who is not unknown at Avoca, seems to have come slightly to grief, he having 011 Tuesday last been summoned before Mr Wyatt P. M. for illegally detaining a meerschaum pipe value I4s, the pro perty of a couiHryman named Ah Gow. Fook Shing took possession of the property found upon the latter who had been apprehended for some offence at Castlcmaine and taken to the Detective officer, where he was searched and 8a in money and the pipe taken from him. Ah Gow served his time and when free made application for the money and pipe. The money was given but not the pipe which Fook Shing said he had thrown away as worthless. My Wyalt evinced his idea of the case by making an order for., the return of the pipe or its value, and payment of £1 Is costs. Mr Stephens prosecuted, and Mr Read defended. 