POETRY. " TO PERDITA. The following graceful poem is from the pen 01 Mrs. Sarah Helen Whitman, of Providence — the 4 Helen" of Edgar Poe. Long ago, bo the legend rans, Poe saw Mrs. Wfytoaanj then a beautiful young widow, and seeing, loved her. They were engaged to be married and the .wedding day-was fixed, when his wild intemperance eeparatedthem. But this woman, whom a poet had loved, has: beery.; faithful to his memory. She has published a' book in his defence, and she emembers johlyvthe nobler" side of him— that highest self so fatally obscured | in this life by hb errois, yetaurOuHta ownim- mortality : \f ' x v What holds thy dreamy eyes in thrall ? A sombre picture on the wall ; A sombre picture weird and cold, That dims the daylight's morning gold. A grass-grown rampart, lifting high If s reedy fringe against the sky ; Half lost in its o'ershadowing gloom Theemblanoe of a mouldering.tomb ; Upon the tablet, side by side, In pomp of- old heraldic pride, Two sculptured figures lying stark Anddumb" within the glimmering dark. A raVen on the mouldering tomb, An. owlet flittering through, the gloom, A coldy white, wandering moon that seems The ghost of long-forgotten dreams ; In the high rampart an old door, Where night- winds enter, nothing more. Why doth it hold thine eyes in thrall, This sombre picture on the wall, That dims the daylight's glad return, And slirineth datkness like an urn? Is there within thy heart a grave O er 'which the winds of memory rave, Where, sepulchred in marble pride. Thy dead hopes slumber, side by side, Lost to the future's dawning light, And shrined in immemorial night 1 Ah! never hope of thine shall sleep I Within oblivion's donjon-keep. Thy dreams were born to soar afar Beyond the morning's purple star ; Thy loyal heart shall recreate From loss and wrong a loftier fate ; Thv own deep heart of love illume Thy life with love's immortal bloom, On tby white brow, absolved from blame, A shining stone, with a new name, Shall flood the dark with living flame ; Thy life, a perfume and a prayer, With mystic fragrance fill the air, And all thy buried hopes shall rise Transfigured into destinies. 