THURSDAY, MARCH 13, 1873. In the last number of the Christian Review and Messenger of the Presby- terian Church of Victoria there is au article signed "P. S. M.," intituled "Present Hostility to the Clergy." We were not aware before reading it how bitter is the enmity with which the class, to which its writer confessedly belongs, is regarded. And we must confess that even after an attentive perusal, we are unable to reconcile some of its statements with the results of our own experience. We are told that public opinion in Victoria " reveals an " absolute inability to be even approxi " mately fair or just " to the clerical order ; that if some of the clergy are occasionally selected for commendation, it is only for the purpose " of showing " by contrast the weakness and narrow ' mindedness of the profession in general ;" that "hatred to the clerical office and " to ministers of all dénomination." was the origin of the present Education Act ; that men of the highest standing cannot "escape personal insult;" and that, in short, the clergy are accused of spoiling everything that they touch, " Of ' 'never meddling without muddling ;' of being hide-bound in narrow conventional prejudices ; the enemies of rational and scientific progress ; steeped to the very eyes in sacerdotalism, and desire to hold the conscience of the community in chains ; and contributing, by their irrational and incom- prehensible dogmas, towards the extinction of all religion and the spread of a universal scepticism in English society." Now, we venture to suggest that, in drawing this fancy sketch of the posi- tion which the clergy hold in the esti- mation of Victorian society, the limner has allowed his indignation to out- strip his prudence. So far from the feelings of contempt and detestation of which he speaks being widely spread, the bulk of our population, we firmly believe, is in the habit of treating the clergy with the utmost respect, and wherever an excuse is provided, with commendable liberality. Those amongst the clergy who possess the natural gift, and educational attainments which alone justify men in aspiring to become the teachers of their fellows, can always command crowded congregations, and a respectful, if not submissive, attention to their words ; while those whose presence in a pulpit is a positive insult to any congregation of average intelli- gence, are treated with a forbearance and consideration which we can describe ¡is little less than sublime. We admit that we find it extremely difficult to follow " P. S. M.'s" argu- ment, or to understand what it is he is aiming at. He declares that the clergy do not expect to escape criticism—in fact, " they rejoice in it, they welcome " it," provided it is " honest, frank, and " unequivocal, founded on an unbiassed " review of acts fairly before the public." But what if public opinion, as repre sented by the press, has arrived at the conclusion that many of the clergy ¡ire but blind leaders of the blind 1 Is such a criticism as this "welcome" and joyous? Such a criticism, retorts "P. S. M.," in effect, is not " honest," however "frank and unequivocal" it may be. But we can only reply that in so doing he imitates the bad habit ho so strongly condemns, of sitting in judgment on motives. He asserts that " the leaders of public opinion in " this country seem to have lost alto " gether that tradition of scrupulous " courtesy towards the ministers of re " ligion which, even in the absence of sin " cere respect,might prevent a noble office " from being discredited." But might we suggest that it is a pity the clergy do not set the " leaders of public opinion" a good example in this particular! The press as a rule, we bolieve, is quite as pure, and a thousand times more powerful, than the pulpit, and, to say the least, is equally entitled to be treated with respect. Yet in the article under consideration wo find it spoken of in the most contemp- tuous fashion, its ability denied, its claims misrepresented, and its tendency to "lying and slandering" broadly hinted at-and all this because it does not think that every mau who dons a black coat and a white neckcloth is a saint and a wise guide. We have ourselves been denounced as godless and scoffers of religion, for having done nothing more than pro test against attempts to evangelise the heathen while our own countrymen were lying in darkness ; and condemned because we have occasionally com- mented on tho want of charity and common sense displayed by some of the clergy, as also their inability " to recognise religious feeling under " any other than their own rigidly " dogmatic and traditional form," We protest against such injustice. We fall short of none in our respect for true religion—that religion which is a guiding principle of action and not a mere " rhapsody of words ;" and when, we see one of its ministers who, by his talents and piety, sets forth its " praise " not only with 'his' lips, but iu 'his' " life," we are ready to yield him all reasonable homage. But we cannot re- cognise the claim to respect put forward on behalf of those who have assumed the position of teachers without the ne- cessary qualifications, either natural or acquired. Should we spare the " placid " mediocrity," which " shrugs a shoulder " and smiles," while it pockets its un- earned rewards, because here and there a " sensitive man " of culture and piety "bleeds and withers" in consequence of the taunts levelled at his order? We think not. Religion is not served by crying " Peace, peace," when there is no peace. Amongst the charges which "P. S. M." declares are brought against the clergy is that of being " steeped to the eyes in "sacerdotalism." If he considers this such a grave and unfounded accusation, we wonder that he should have been at tho pains of giving colour to it. He speaks of the clergy as men specially set apart for the " deliverance of an autho -ritative message from One who has a right to control the creatures whom "He made." If this paragraph had come from the pen of a Roman Catholic priest, we could have seen its propriety. Whatever he may think of his claim to have received authority from GOD, trans- mitted through human agency by the imposition of hands from OUR SAVIOUR to himself, the theory he puts forward is at least intelligible. , The same may bo said concerning the case made out by the High Church clergy of the Church of England. But what claim can the minister of the Presbyterian, Wesleyan, Baptist, or other similar bodies, make out to be considered as charged with the deliverance of an " authoritative "message ?" He has simply taken to preaching instead of to law or medicine, and there is in reality no différence between him and a layman except in his business, His ordination is not designed to confer any authority upon him, like that supposed to bo imparted by Roman Catholic or Anglican ordina- tion. It merely sets him apart for the work of the church, whatever that may be. The right of private judg- ment, which is the peculiar pride and glory of the reformed elim ches, is dead amiiiist the possibility of "authorita " tive" messages. In the same issue in which the article under notice appears wo find a sermon by the Rev. D. M'CAL JIAN, of Jtîarracoort. The text is, " Let " every man be fully persuaded in his "own mind." The rev. gentleman commences his discourse by saying that " the principle here announced by the "apostle is emphatically the doctrine "of Protestantism," and winds up as follows : "Let no one despise authority, but let no one follow any authority on earth blindly, or in opposition to his own plain and honest conviction. Before we venture to condemn let us make sure that we understand what we condemn ; that we have fairly examined it to the best of our ability, and found it false." The recommendation is temperate and sonsible, but it leaves no room in the Presbyterian Church for those charged with " authoritative messages," many of which .are spoken of in an article in Frasers Magazine " On the Possibilities "of Free Religious Thought in Scot " land," as " wearisome, never-ending " expositions of obscure doctrinal points, " which have no influence on . . . "everyday conduct," being merely " sloppy messes of theological common " placo." In the same article we find a quotation from -a speech delivered by SirJonN COXE, president of the Medico Psychological Association, and a man of acknowledged eminence in his profes- sion, wherein he asserts that " the duty " of man towards GOD cannot easily in " the present day be ' learned from the " clergy, for the clergy have, unfor "tunately, adopted a conventional " language, which conveys no meaning " to the- great mass of the people ;" and further on, the author, speaking for himself, says-" Almost every religious " movement of any note at the present " time is sustained, if it has not been " initiated, by laymen ?" and again " Men have often become religious in " spite of the accredited teachers of " religion ; and it seems only too likely " that theological freedom will be arrived " at in spite of the same persons." We adopt these sentiments. When next " P. S. M." feels inclined to reflect on the cathedrâ deliverances of the press, let him remember the quotations just given, and consider that his order at all events is not without weak points in its armour. As for criticism, it may be disarmed by ability and uprightness, while " scrupulous courtesy " will rarely be withheld from those who can command respect. =================== The problem of what would be the consequence if a comet and tho earth ?were to come into collision, has always been a source" of alarm to old women and of discussion to philosophers. But now, if we aro to trust to the assertions of science, resting on the deductions of a calculating astronomer, and verified by .an observing astronomer, we are enabled to answer the question, and to say that there is not the slightest danger to be apprehended from such an occurrence. The assertion is that the earth touched a comet on the 27th of .November, without its presenco being indicated by any phe- nomena whatever. A long report from Mr, POGSON, tho Government astronomer at Madras, as printed in a Madras paper, gives the dotails of tho occurrence. As- tronomers had, according to this report, been aware of a liability of the tele- scopic comet known as Biela's, to pass very near tho earth's orbit. Besides this condition of proximity, this comet possessed other claims to special interest. In 1840 it was seen to divide into two comets, each going its own road, and in 18l>(i, when it was known to be due, it could not bo found. Nothing could be learned of the lost comet till a few weeks ago "I now come," says Mr. Pogson, "tode Htribe the circumstances of its re- discovery lieic on the morning of the 3rd December. On the evening of November 30th I received a tclegiam from Piofcssor Klinkerfuhes, of Cottinçon, one of the leading cometary nullionties of the present time, which ran Urns-' Biela touched earth on 2Tth. Seavch ¡tear Theta Centauri.'" '¡This Mr. POGSON found to bea"atag " gcrer," or, as he puts the same idea in other words, " the intelligence was most "Startling." Ho loft tho important ob- servations ho liad in hand, searched for the comet, and two days afterwards, weather permitting, found it in tho direction indicated by the telogram. It bad altered its appearance, and was Udeg. out of place, which " shows somo " wondorful chango in tho orbit, and " countenances belief in the oxtraordi '' nary tologram that tho comet touched 'the cmth on November 27." Mi'. POGSON reckons that tho contact must bave talton place, if at all, in about 33deg. south latitudo, and says : " Itscomtu.like nebula) consists of nitrogen gas, and somo other, unknown in our world. It w impossible to surmise what local effect such a sudden acquisition of neW gaseous matter might have upon tlio health of the inhabitants, if any, of the part erased by it. Has the dreaded catastrophe of bygone agc» actually occurred while we wero unconscious of the fact, and neither the earth nor the cometsuffcred from the.collision ? Itappears probable. We must wait and see.1' The trustees of the Industrial and Technological Museum and the National Gallery have issued a prospectus setting forth the various arrangements they hare made for imparting instruction to all comers. It appears that there are five schools now in active operation, riz., chemistrjP and mineralogy, mathematics and practical geometry, telegraphy, paint- ing and design. The first is subdivided into classes for instruction in practical chemistry, elementary chemistry and mineralogy ; and the third for practice of telegraphy and theory of telegraphy. It appears to us that the hours fixed for in- struction in practical chemistry, viz., 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. will prevent a great number of people for whose benefit the school is professedly esta- blished from availing themselves of the opportunity thus ottered of acquiring a knowledge of this most useful science. Tlio fees-£4 per quarter-seem rather high. In every other case the time ap- pears to havo been fixed with a due re- gard for the public convenience, and the fees are on a moderate scale. Perhaps, however, in the case of the exception we have named, daylight is necessary to the carrying on of operations, and the ex- pense of experiments may not be more than covered by the fees. If so, the students in this department cannot com- plain, but we think the authorities might reconsider their case. Everyone must wish well to this effort to forward popular education. England and the United States havo produced several men during the last thirty or forty years who havo, either during their lives or by testamentary bequest, made a munificent appropriation to publie purposes of the wealth they acquired by industry and enterprise. In December last, Huit MAJESTY bestowed the honour of knighthood upon MrT JOSIAH MASON, ¡I Birmingham manufac- turer, who some years ago erected a stately orphanage at Erdington, at a cost of £00,000, besides endowing it with landed property of the valuo of a_ quarter of a million sterling ; from which it is anticipated a revenue of £12,000 per annum will be derived ere long. This act of princely bounty ho has just followed np by the establishment of a noblo collcgeforpracticalscionceinBirmingham, In the deed of foundation ho records very briefly his own autobiography, byway of encouragement to the young, and re- lates how " from his earliest youth he "was engaged in earning his livelihood, " first as a shoemaker, then as a baker, "and then as a carpet weaver ;" subse- quently becoming a jeweller, a manufac- turer of steel pens, and a copper smelter. In these diversified occupations he dis- cerned " the necessity for and benefit of " thorough systematic scientific instruc? " tion, specially adapted to the practical, " mechanical, and artistic requirements " of the district." And hence the establishment of JOSIAH MASON'S College His wealth could scarcely have been more wisely or advantageously applied ; and the institution cannot fail to lie as great a boon to the people of the midland counties as the Cornell University is to the youth of the United States. One excellent featuro in the system of instruction to be adopted is, that theological teaching will bo pro- hibited, and no religious test of any kind is to be applied either to teachers or students. Probably some of our opulent men in Victoria have been painfully revolving in their minds for some years past how they may best lceep their memories green, and make a wiso use of their surplus wealth. Here is a solution of the difficulty. Let them found and endow a scientific college, after the model of Sir JOSIAH MASON'S, and save the succession duty by effecting this in their own lifetime ; not forgetting what POPE said of wealth : " In heaps, like ambergiis, astink it lies, But well clispers'd, is incense to the skies," The Chief Secretary, Treasurer, and Com- missioner of Public Works, made a visit of inspection yesterday to Williamstown. They inspected the Alfred Graving Dock, the re- serve for the new local custom-house, the Government slip, and other works. Instruc tions were given to discontinue after to-day the practice of depositing outside the light- ship the silt romovciT*from the entrance to the graving dock. In future the silt will be utilised in filling np the dockyard wharf, and other local works. A contract for the removal of the silt was let some time since, and operations will bo commenced without delay. The pipes for the new main (18in.) from Preston to Melbourne via Brunswick were ordered by the last mail, and the Water Sup- ply department hopes to have the main laid before next summer, when there will be abundance of water for all purposes,-so a deputation from the Brunswick Borough Council was informed yesterday when it waited on the Commissioner of Public Works to ask leave to watertho main road, where the dust was very bad. Mr. eraser said that he had forbidden tlio use of water for such a purpose at several places besides Brunswick. The supply was scarcely sufficient for do- mestic and manufacturing purposes, and he could not withdraw the prohibition until the new main was laid. The deputation then asked permission to water newly-made parts of the road, to bind the metal. They would not need more than 10 loads a week. The stone and brick traffic was exceedingly heavy, and the council could not keep the road in repair. As fast as metal was laid it was ground to powder, and blown away in the form of dust. Where the Corporation of, Melbourne used water on the same road tho new metal stood well. Mr. Fraser said that if they applied to him in writing, and stated exactly how much water they would want, he would consider the request, but at the same time he hardly saw how he could grant it. The Minister of Lauds visited Sandhurst yesterday. It is his intention, according to the Bendigo Advertiser, " to invite the mayors of Sandhurst, Eaglehawk, and Haywood, the chairman of the Mining Board, and the pre- sidents of the shires of Huntly, Marong, and Strathfieldsaye, to meethim ontlie 19th inst., for the purpose of taking into consideration the advisability of the local bodies becoming custodians of the forests within their dis ' tricts." An injunction has been served upon the Emerald-hill Council by tho Melbourne Gas Company, to restrain them from accepting the tenders sent in by the local gas company to supply gas lo the borough. We loam that in all probability the tender of neither gas company will be accepted, but that for some time at least the streets will be lighted with kerosene. The board appointed to inquire into cer- tain chargea made against Le Young, Chinese interpreter at Castlemaine, having received and considered Judge Barry's notes of the trial regarding Le Young's conduct at which the charges have arisen, on Tuesday sent in their report to tho Attorney-General's department. The inadequacy of school accommodation at Carlton was brought under the notice of the Minister of Education yesterday by Mosers. Burtt and Purvcs, M.L.A.'s, who also urged that the Government should secure the Trades-hall, Lygon-strcet, as a school building. Mr. Stephen contended that the difficulty iu the way of such a course was the insecurity of tenure. On it being represented that the committee of the Trades, hall would let the building for a year, the Government to have the option of renewing the lease for two or three years, Mr. Stephen promised to give the matter his consideration. Mr. Purvcs also urged that a master should be appointed without delay to the Bass Uiver School, in the Mornington district, and received the assurance that the appointment would be made without loss of time. The necessity for a school, or half time school, at Settlement Point, in the same district, was also pointed out by Mr. Purvcs, and the Minister promised to look inter the matter. Writing upon the action taken by the Go- vernment of New South Wales with regard to the Suez mail service, the South Aus- tralian llegislcr says:-"We feel morally certain that his lordship-the Karl of Kim beiley-after perusing the evidence which New South Wales is so anxious to place before him, will decline to interfere in a question which is essentially one for the colonies to settle amongst themselves. Ile will see that an espousal of tho cause of Sydney will alienate Melbourne from a service designed for the general benefit of Australia, and he is not at all likely to pursue a policy leading to such a result." In the Insolvent Court yesterday, an ex. animation sitting was held in the estate of Isaac Mann, grocer, Collingwood. The in- solvent, about five weeks ago, made a sudden departure from the colony, leaving his creditors in the lurch. A shoit time pre- viously he had obtained a quantity of sugar from Messrs. M'Geo and Co., to whom he gave his acceptance. He owed a debt of about £2G0 to his brother, John Mann, and he handed over this purchase of sugar to him. It is piobable that measures will bo taken with the view of recovering this property. The wife of the insolvent also left for England after her husband, and before she started sold off all the furniture. Slio went under the assumed name of Betsy Peel, in the Highflyer. It was mentioned in court that she had quarrelled with her husband just before he deserted herand his creditors. ne consigned her to regions wanner even than Mr. Trollope's Ilockhamp ton, and she, desirous to obey his directions, followed him, believing implicitly that lie would be her guide. Three of the insolvent's brothers were examined yesterday, and the sitting closed. In consequence of the sudden illness of one of the promoters of the meeting which was to have been held yesterday at. the Town-hall, to consider,what should bo done to prevent the damage to public and private property by the storm-waters in the lower parts of the city, the meeting was postponed until Thursday next, at 4 o'clock. Very little interest appeared to bo taken in the object of the meeting, if the number of per- sons attending at the appointed hour be any criterion to judge by. In reply to a request made to lum yester- day by some of the office-bearers of the Early Closing Association, Mr. Francis consented to preside at a meeting, to bo held shortly at the Town-hall, to promote the objects of the association. The monthly meeting of the general com- mittee of the Victorian Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society was held on Monday afternoon, at the offices of the United States consul, Collins-street. Present-Rev. T. C, Cole (in the chair), Messrs. Bellin, Zox, Cock, Dick- son, Adamson, and the secretary. Eleven applications were made to the Executive during the month, seven of which had been dealt with as follows:-Two applicants were assisted to another part of the co- lony ; one granted a swag, &c;, to proceed to certain employment in the country; one furnished with a small loan to com- mence hawking; and temporary employ- ment procured for the other three. Of tlie four remaining cases, one was refused, and three deferred for further inquiries. The secretary reported that he had during the month received, in two instalments, the whole of the loan granted to an applicant in December last, with a small donation as an acknowledgement of the benefit the loan had been to the recipient. A report from the collector, giving the results of his visits to Ballarat and Geelong, was read, from which it appeared that in the former place he had received a favourable response to his appeal ; the total amount, however, was not large, owing, as he thought, to tho lack of information on the part of the inhabitants of the scope and objects of the society. Special reference was made to the valuable assistance'rendcred to him in his canvass by Messrs. Oddie and J. Campbell. In Geelong a public meeting was called prior to a canvas for subscriptions, ot which the objects of the society were fully stated, and a branch committee formed by the following gentle- men, who kindly volunteered to act, viz. : Messrs. B. Reeves (mayor), G. F. Belcher, J. Gillespie, Dr. Robinson, and Mr. Purdue, lion, secretary. On the follow- ing day a canvas was made, and con continued for successive days up to the 4th inst., the result of which was very satisfac- tory. He concluded his report by expressing his conviction that next year, in both places visited, a larger amount of practical support would be accorded. The above report was received and adopted, a vote of thanks being nccorded to the, gentlemen named in both' towns for the interest manifested in the collector's mission, and for the proffered help in carrying out the work of the society. It was determined that' the collector should continue his tour through the country towns and districts, and that with this end in view, he be requested to proceed to Castle- maine, Sandhurst, and Echuca at once. We leam that at a meeting of the congre- gation held in the Presbyterian church at Clunes, on Monday last, it was unanimously resolved to call the Rev. W. Groundwater Fraser, late of Sutton, Cheshire, to be their minister. On the same evening a meeting of the congregations of Bulla and Sunbury was held, when it was resolved to moderate in a call to the same gentleman. The body of Mr. Tozer, late chief officer of the s.S. Macedon, who was suddenly killed at Warrnambool, about a fortnight ago, while in the discharge of his duty, was brought on to Melbourne yesterday by the s.s. Rob Roy. Severe comment was made at tho time of the ? accident at what was considered undue haBte and want of decent attention in the matter of the burial of Mr. Tozer, and, as his widow and family had expressed a wish that his remains might be interred in Melbourne, thcibody was exhumed, and placed in a coffin sent down for its reception. A subscription has been set on foot, both at Warrnambool and Melbourne, for the assistance of Mr. Tozer's wife and family. Champagne, the produce of the Bendigo district, is to bo exhibited at the Autumn Show next Wednesday week. The Adver iser sayS :_" Messrs. Brahn Brothers intend to exhibit a dozen bottles of champagne made and bottled by themselves at their vineyard, Emu Creek. This has been tested by expo rienced judges, who pronounced it to bo cham- pagne of a really excellent quality, of con- siderable strength, and good flavour, having all the characteristics of the best imported champagne. Another novelty that will, no doubt, attract equal attention, is a new kind of wine to bo exhibited by Mr. Pohl, the well- known vigneron, of Emu Creek. It is u wine made from the pure juice of cherries grown, in connexion with his vineyard. This wine is the first of the kind over produced or exhibited in Victoria. It is not six months old, and already it has attained a strength and flavour which quite surprised several practical connoisseurs who tasted it the other day." In Monday's issue, we suggested that as the Treasurer is preparing his Estimates for the current year, some provision should be made for completing the approaches to the Public Library, replacing the old wooden fence and gateway by a handsome iron railing on a dwarf wall, with gates to match, and effect- ing other improvements which would make the grounds somewhat in keeping with the architecture of the library. Our remarks have elicited information which shows that certain action had already been taken, and that in a short time at least one improvement will be carried out, though its effect will be greatly marred by the partial character of the alterations. Last year Parliament voted a sum to defray the cost of iron gates, and these would have been erected in December last but for the failure of the contractor. The com- pletion of the work has now been under- taken by Mr. James Lawrence, contractor, Queen-street, and it is anticipated that the ironwork, which has all to be cast in Mel- bourne, according to original designs by Messrs. Reed and Barnes, will be ready in about six weeks. The stone piers have been prepared by Mr. Lawrence, and when the ironwork is ready, a week will suffice for the erection of the piers and changing of the gates. The gate will be a large and handsome one of iron, painted to re- semble bronze. There will he four piers of finely cut Malmsbury bluestone 11ft. high, surmounted either by an ornamental carved spire of bluestone or by handsome lamps. The centre, or carriage gate, will be 20ft. wide, and there will be two side gates each 4ft. 9in. wide ; the length over all, including the outside piers, will he about 40ft. The castings for the ironwork are being executed by Mr. Livingstone, and the style is that of the French renaissance. The amount of the contract for supplying and erecting the gates is £725. The new hand- some gates and the old white wooden fence will present so incongruous an appearance that the erection of a dwarf bluestone wall, surmounted by light bronzed iron railings of a pattern corresponding with that of the gate, in place of the present fence, ought speedily to follow. The other im- provement to be made is one also suggested in our article, viz., a judicious thinning of the trees now covering the grounds, which will be done at the proper season. It is hoped also that the fountains projected in 1853 will be erected " in due time "—a very indefinite period. While the closet scene in "Hamlet" was being performed at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday night, two girls in the gallery made such a noise as to interrupt the play, and were taken away by the police. At the City Police Court yesterday, the girls, who gave the names Annie Hutchinson and Mary A. Barker, were charged with insulting be- haviour. Mr. Chas. Cavanagh, box-keeper at the theatre, described the noise they made as uproarious, and said the audience rose en masse, and insisted on their being turned out. He explained that this was during the performance of the closet scene in "Hamlet," "when it is necessary that a pin should be heard dropping." Evi- dence was given that the girls used very bad language, and were very violent when arrested. One of them appeared to have been drinking. Hutchinson's behaviour was much worse than the other's. Hutchinson said that all she did was to Bing out, " Oh, my, there's a ghost," when she saw a woman in white come upon tho stage. This girl was given the character of being hardworking, and well behaved as a rule. As she was the worse of the two, she was fined 10s., or 48 hours in gaol. The other was cautioned and discharged. At the City Police Court yesterday, Ed ward Cox was charged, on warrant issued in Adelaide in Juno last, with having, on the 1st of March, 1872, forged and uttered a bill of exchange for £25, with intent to de. fraud. At the request of Detective Daly he was remanded till next day, for the produc- tion of the warrant. A woman named Mary Wright, who had a very peculiar staring expression of counte- nance, was brought up al the City Police Court yesterday, charged with vagrancy. A constable brought her from Bluestone Creek, Gipps Land, where she had been found with her three children, one a baby, camping out in a canvaB tent in tlie scrub. She was destitute and almost starving, having been living in that tent for fivo months, and having used up all her piovisions. ner husband had taken up 100 acres of land of such a useless nature that no sano man would have occupied it. Ho was believed to be wrong in the head, but harmless. The woman, in reply to the Bench, stated that her husband left her about a fortnight ago to come to Melbourne for some money which he believed had been sent out from England to his solicitor, Mr. Fleetwood. Tho police said they thought the woman's mind was wandering a little also. There seemed reason to believe, however, that the husband was in Melbourne and could bo found, and the Bench, therefore, sent the woman and her children to the Immigrants' Home for a week, pending the result of inquiries. Eight householders were fined in sums ranging from ßs. to 10s. at the Richmond Police Court yesterday, for wasting Yan Yean water. The annual Insurance Companies' Cricket Match will take place on St. Patrick's Day, 17th inst., commencing at 11 a.m., on tho Melbourne Cricket-ground, w'hich has boen kindly lent for the occasion. Tho match will be Victorian offices versus all others, and the teams will consist of the following: Victoria-W. Absalom, D. Hill, R. 0. John son, A. Madden, G. W. M'Harg, D. Moffatt, C. R. Parsons, W. Paterson, E. Sayce, J. M. Templeton, and F. Tindall ; emergency, Ful- ford ; umpire, H. H. Budd ; scorer, G. A. Terry. The World-C. Doran, F. Gardner, F. W. Hayward, D. Holden, W. Locke, C. Mason, W. M'Murtrio/G. Searcy, W. Stuckey, R. Stewart, n. Young ; emergency, W. Ben- son; umpire, A. T. Hill; scorer, W. Wil- liams. ; Luncheon will bo propared in tho pavilion. The mining prospects of Stawell, which opened so promisingly with the now year, have had a considerable damper thrown upon them (says the Pleasant Creek News) by the recent strike. " On Saturday last tho third week ended, and it is not too much to say that, independent altogether of tho item of dividends, tho amount of money with- drawn from circulation, which would other- wise have been paid out, either in wages, crushing, stores, or the hundred other every, day requirements of mining industry, has amounted to not less than £C,000. Tho con- tinuance of this loss of expenditure must bo keenly felt in many households, and already the most cruel injuries havo been inllicted upon many members of the community who have nothing at all to do witli the Avages quarrel." As a proof of the indefatigable literary ability of Lord Lytton, it may be mentioned that, independently of Kenelm Clùllinylu, the novel which he had just completed boforo his death, ho was writing The Parisians anonymously, in Blackwood. To him nlso¡ as we are now informed, wo owe that clevel- and brilliant book, The Comm» Race, which has been attributed to so many pens. The Paris correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette says ;-" Among other curious trials which will soon be called on is a demand for damages on the part of threo widows. It appears that during the late war a Gorman soldier was shot near the village of Vaux, and immediately a Prussian column swept down upon the place and seized 28 peasants, who were shut up iu tin. church, with oidora to select three victima, who were to be shotj in revenge for the death of the invader. The unfortunate men remained in the" church! for 75 hours, and then announced thai the three victims had been selected by al majority. Upon what principle this vote Was conducted is not mentioned. The Prussians wished the peasants to draw lots,' and even offered a pickolhaube for the pim poie of an urn, but tliis was naturally refused by (ho majority, and in Wie end the thrco' unfortunate men who found themselves in a' minority we're led out and executed. ' To-day the widows of the victims demand'damages' from the? 25 suivivors of this tragedy, oh tho ground t&ul; the three should have been selected by lot. We shall probably have to' wait for the' trial to leam the details of this gloomy affair,, which ertded in the'dea til of three married men:" ' There was a good number of rowing men down at the river yesterday afternoon, the chief attraction being the arrival of the Sydney crew. TRey are a fine muscular looking lot of men, with the exception of No. 1, who is not very heavy, but considered'a good man, stroke being lOst. 111b. ; No. 3, 12st. 131b. ; No. 2, list. ; and bow, 8st. 101b.; their coxswain only weighing 4st. 21b. Our Sydney friends were nota little surprised to see the large extent to which rowing is patronised in Melbourne, and the boats, sheds, and appliances there are here. This crew fpurpose staying at Footscray, ? if they can find quarters suitable, and of course will piactico on the Lower Yarra and Saltwater river, so that the public will have few opportunities of seeing them rowing unless they' como up-stream. Tho boat they have brought over with them is a similar one to that rowed in by the Sydney Univeisity crew here two years ago. Mr. Bell, who is training for the sculls, is also at Footscray. There is every prospect of Mr. Arthur íesuming his seat in the Mel- bourne crew in a few days, as he is getting much better. Mr. Rooke has been rowing in his place since his illness. The Ballarat crew are reported to be rowing very well, and will bo in town shortly. Mr. Jones, of Ilobait Town, will be unable to put in an appearance at the regatta. The Upper Yarra is now very lively with " fours," " pairs," and scullers preparing for the annual regatta on the 4th and Cth April. The'.telcgraphic line between Mount Gam- bier and Adelaide was interrupted last night, and, consequently, through communication was suspended. There was a little business dono in the market yesteiday on the A.J.C. St. Leger and Gold Cup. Lecturer was well supportod, but tho betting was almost entirely confined to doubles. He is at about 5 to 1 for the St. Leger. The general entries for the A.J.C. autumn meeting close this afternoon at Mr. Bagot's office, at 4 o'clock. The board at Garton's Hotel yesterday showed that the following horses were scratched :-King of the Bing for all Sydney engagements, Bol phegor for the Gold Cup, Flying Scud for the Lauriston Handicap, Poodle for the Kyneton Cup, and Quack for the Gold Cup. At about noon yesterday, a waterman living in Richmond found on the south bank of the Yarra, about 100 yards west of the Botauical gardens gate, a black felt hat and a dark tweed double-breasted paget coat. In ono of the pockets were found three photographs of a man and one. of a young woman, and some private papers. The clothes were handed over to the police, who made inquiries, and found that they belonged to a young man named Daniel Daly, employed until lately at the Evening Herald office. It is feared that something may have happened to Daly. The usual weekly meeting of the manag- ing committee of tho Alfred Hospital was held yesterday ; there wero present-Messrs.' Service (in the chair), Benjamin, Munro, M'Kcnzie, Robertson, and Young. Tho secretary reported the state of the house to be as follows :-Admitted since the 5th inst., 21 ; discharged, 8 j died, 2 ; remaining, 81 ; out-patients, 209 ; casualties, 58. A man named Edward nillyard, G7 years of age, was admitted into the Alfred Hospital on Tuesday evening, suffering from a broken leg and other injuries, ne was leading a horse and cart through a gateway at Chelten- ham, when the horse took fright, and knocked him down. John O'Neil, aged 73, residing at Prahran, was admitted into the hospital yesterday suffering from a fracture of the right arm and numerous contusions. The mau was half drunk, and could give no very clear account as to how the injuries were occasioned. A very sudden death occurred last evening. Charlotte llutland, a widow employed at the factory of Mr. Schuhkrafft, manufacturing stationer and printer, Flinders-street east, while at work at about G o'clock, suddenly fell down, and when lifted up struggled a littlo and died. Constablo M'Donald, who was sent for, had the body conveyed to the morgue, where it awaits an inquest. The case of Clough v. The London A tutrulian Agency Company, which has been before tho Supremo Court for some days was concluded yesterday. Mr. Clough carried on a business in Melbourne for many years as a woolbroker. in partnership with Mr. J. W. Bogg, but in 1865 a company was formed in England to take over the business. Mr. Clough and Mr. Bogg with Mr. Rowes were appointed directors in Melbourne at a salary of ¿1,000 ti-year each. Messrs. Clough and Bogg were under engage- ment to tho company for three years, with the option of continuing it for two years more ; but at the expiry of, the three years it was agreed (as choy said) to incrcaso the salary to £1,000 per annum (Howes being dis penned with), and tho engagement was mado ayearlyone, a year's notice, terminatingontho 7th November, being required before tho com- pany could got rid of Clough, or Clough could leavo the company. This agreement was not in writing, and it was therefore contended that the company was not bound by it. This question was reserved for the full Court, and the case sent to the jury. After deliberating for some time, it was found that tho jury could not be unanimous, and it was agreed that a verdict of two-thirds should bo taken. This verdict was for the plaintiff for £2,093. In a similar case, in which Mr. Bogg was the plaintiff, another jury lound a verdict for defendants. An unfortunate family quarrel between persons named Colclough was tho subject of an action, the trial of which was commenced in the Supreme Court yesterday. William Colclough sued his brothers John and Richard, and a sister named Ellen, for £1,500 for work ond labour. Three sisters-Ellon, Mary Ann, and Kate Colclough-came out here from Ireland in 1852, worked as milli- ners, saved some money, sontfor two brothers (John and Richard), with £200 started a store at Emerald-hill, and tho business was so successful that it was now said to bo worth £20,000. Mary and Kate havo married and left the firm, but Ellen, John, and Richard remained. In 1802 another brother, William (the eldest), came out, and had remained with them evor since, no says it was understood ho was to bo a partner, but in September last ho was told by John and Richard ho was not a partner, and ho now claims wages for his services for tho last 10 years, at tho rate of £100 a yeaiv Ellen .also seems to havo quarelled with tho other defendants as to herposition, and the dispute as to her has boen brought into tho Equity Court, where it is still pending. The trial in which Wil- liam is the plaintiff, was not concluded yesterday, and it will bo continued to-day.. Tho dinner given by the bar to Um Chjof Justice, Sir William Stawoll, on tho occasion of his leaving the colony, was held yestoiday, at the Molbourno Atheniuum. Nearly ovory member of tho bar resident »n, Melbourne, and sevorol from tho country districts, wore present. Mr. Yrllberforoe Stophon, tlio At torucy-Gençral, occupied the chair, and tho other Supreme Court judges, except Mr. Justice Williams, who was unable to attend, were also present. It will be in the recollection of many that just previous to Mr. Berghoff» departure fot Europe by the last September (wail, a dinner was given him Tby his German friends', with' a letter of introduction and congratulation to Prince . Bismarck. Mr. Berghofer friends will bo glad to hait that not only Was lie most cordially received by the Prince;-who invited him to his house, but he was also most hospitably entertained. Noxt evening he liad tho honour of accompanying thor Pririoe to the opera-house;, whete he was' introduced to F.M. General von Moltkc. Both the Prince and Genernl von Moltke expressed warm interest for the Welfare of their fellow-countrymen ,in a distant land, and trusted that the saino good Feelings that prompted them to forward the letter would ever continue. An accident1 occurred on Tuesday morning at tho Adventure Gold-mining Company's mine, Taradale, which resulted in the death of one of the men. The shaft is being sunk at a depth, of about 40ft. below the levo!r wherein a winze is- also being sunk at a distance .of 45ft. from the shaft. The dirt) frorii the winze is moved in a bucket upon tv track to the shaft, where the bucket is hoisted from the track in the mouth of Iho drive up the shaft. In drawing the bucket off the track, the latter was drawn so far out of the drive as to cause it to overbalance and fall down the slmft, at the bottom1 of which it struck a man named Flynn and took olï a portion of his skull. Ho was . immediately conveyed to the Castlemaine Hospital, but died just as he was taken in. The usual fortnightly meeting of th council of the Zoologiealand Acclimatisation Society was held on Monday afternoon,1 at their office, 30 Swanston-strcet. The follow- ing members were present :-Mr. V. Godfrey (president), Professor Strong, Mi-. Allport, Mr. Purchas, and Mr. Moule.- The lion, secretary reported that' the gardens at the Royal-park, and the- zoological collection therein, were in a satisfactory condition. Ho also reported that some 1,300 carp had lately been sent to the.reservoirs at Sandhurst, Maldon, Castlemaine, &c;" and that fish were now being collected for Maryborough. Efforts will be made in the coming season to obtain an increased supply of trout ova for distribu- tion to members of the society. The society will be in a position next season to distribute pheasants' eggs to those subscribers who may have suitable country for .pheasant-breeding. The past season has been the most suc- cessful yet attained > by the society with regard to the- number of pheasants reared and distributed. The following stock has been presented to the society since tho last meeting :-Some English perch by the Hon. Dr. Dobson; several-song birds and a pair of doves by Mr. T. Broadbent ; and a white oppossum by Mr. Win. Winter, of Stanhope, for which the council desire to return their thanks. Mr. Samuel Wilson lms also been good enough to send down a pair of the young ostriches reared last season at Longerenong for addition to the zoological gardens at the Royal-park. The councit'aro desirous of obtaining a few kangaroos for exchanges willi other countries, and1 will bo glad if their up-country friends will help them in this matter. The usual weekly meeting of tho committee of the Melbourne Hospital was held yester- day afternoon j presont-Messrs. Gibbs (in tho chair), Aarons, Irving, Pinnock, Dickson, Hodgson, Knaggs, Levy, and Dr. Barker. A letter was received from Dr. Vialls, tendering his resignation in consequence of his ap- pointment to the Hamilton Hospital. It was accepted, and the secretary was directed to tnsert advertisements calling for applica- tions for the vacant office of physician. Leave of absence for three weeks was given to Dr. ninchcliff, and Dr. M'Mul len was appointed as his locum tenens. Extension of leave was granted to Sirs, M'Kie, in consequence of her ill-health. Tho following was tho state of the houso for the week ending March 8 -. - Admitted, in patients, 68: new cases, [out-patients, 222; do., casualties, 225. Total for tho week, 515. Deaths, 3; discharges, GO ; number of patients in hospital, 338. Tho minstrel entertainment at St George's Hall was fairly attended yesterday evening. There were several changes in the perform- ance, which were received with favour. A banjo solo by Frank Medina was vory cloverly played, and was twice encored. Mr. Rain foiu was alBO successful iii his songs. . íYe hav e îeceiv ed £1 from Hyman Blashki foi tho Jeviish Philanthropie Society Tho collector is requested to call 'Hie third oftho Fitzroy Lent lectures on the " Woids of the Loid Jesus, ' will ho do livciedby the Rev C S Pony, to monow evening (Tridaj) at 8, at St Luko's Chinch Napier street, subject, "Woids of Powoi and Meicy ' ' Tho committee of the Melhouino nome lcportasfollowsfoilebiuaiy -Rofcistiations, -governesses0, servants32 , engagements governesses 2, servants 28 , inmates-govoi nesses 5 needlewomen C, sei y ants 2'), staff 4 Nurnbci m the home on tho 2()th February "staff inclusii e, 24 The Hon II J Wu\on has consented to preside at the ensuing sessional meetings of the Mutual Improvement Societies Union, and to open tlio debate The subject is "Electoral Reform " The sessions will com- mence next Monday evening m the Russell stieet Congregational nail, and will bo open to the public There is to be no chai go foi admission The tenth anniv crsary of the Vittonan Freo Chinch of England, Colhngyvood, was celobiated on Sunday last when three soi mons weie pieached All tho sei vites weto w eil attended On Tuesday there was a toa mooting, the tea being provided by tho ladies of tho congregation, which was a great success An amateui conceit, m aid of the funds foi the proposed sick children's hospital was held in the Mechanics' Institute, Biunswick, on luesday evening, Mi J W Lobb, M P , m the enan 'Tho attendance was veiy good, many persons home unablo to obtain Bitting room, and the fund will, consequently, obtain a substantial benefit The monthly subscription meeting foi tho second sones of shares in tho Now Thud Victona Building and Investment Society was held last evening at the outee, J Eliza beth street, Mi G W Rusden in tho chau The month's receipts weio announced to havo been £741 14s Gd A number of sbaics weie sold at a premium of i,i pel Birnie. By an advertisement in nuolhoi column, it will bo seen that tho Rev Alexaudei Gosman has consented lo lccltue before the Sunday Tree Discussion Society this evening, at 8 o'clock He has selected foi his subject 4'The Limits of Thought ni notation to Con- troverted Subjects " Wo havo been requested to state that, to obviate a ciush hlco that upon the last smulai oocasiou, tho committee has dotcimined to imposo the small chaigo of fad for admission Wo have retened two cheques foi £20 each, ono foi tho Molbouino Hospital, tho other for the Punco Alfred Hospital, norn the United Tnondly Sotioties' Gala Com- mittee of Bngliton, being the profits of the late gala held at Bnghton The committee wishes that Mi Win Buirovvs may bo mado tho life momher of tho Molboui ne, and Mi Geoigo Landers the hfo mombor of tho Pi ince Alfred Hospital, both of Bughton, 