NEWS OF THE DAY. There was a lengthy meeting of the Cabinet yesterday for the purpose of con sidering the case of Mr. Johnson, of the Public Works department, who is alleged to have given such information to Mr. A. L. Smith with reference to the designs for the new law offices as to secure for him the award for the best design. The decision of the Cabinet on the subject has not been made public, nor will it be known until it has been ratified by the Governor- in-Council, which will not be until Monday. It is, however, generally understood that Mr. Johnson's connection with the Government service will be at once terminated. It is rumored that some complaints have been made to the Volunteer authorities by Dr. Bone, of Ballarat, respecting the treat ment of the member of the Bacchus Marsh troop of cavalry who was somewhat severely injured at the Easter volunteer manoeuvres. The main allegation is that the injured man was located at the barracks when brought into town, instead of being taken to the Melbourne Hospital. It however appears that the man was placed in the barracks at his own request, instead of going to the hospital, as he expected his friends would remove him to his own residence as soon as they were aware of the occurrence. Dr. Gray, who accompanied him to town from the camp, was unremitting in his attentions for his comfort while he was on the road to Melbourne, and on several occasions had to revivo him by tho application of strong stimulants. There is a probability of a board being appointed to inquire into tho allega tions made by Dr. Bono. In consoquence of Mr. R. G. Grosvonor, J.P., and deputy coroner of Bairnsdale, having been committed fur trial by the local bench of magistrates on a charge of perjury, it has been decided by tho Grown law officors to relievo him from duty ponding tho result of tlio trial at the sessions. The charge of perjury lias arisen from a state ment made by Mr. Morrison in January last, when he appealed against the valuation of some premises owned by liim, which lie alleged wero let for £-10 per annum. In a subsequent case lie contradicted his state ment, and alleged that the rate collector was perjuring himself ill saying that ho had made such an announcement. Mr. Grey, the rate collector, ill order to clear himself, accord ingly filed an information for perjuryagainst Mr. Morrison, and after hearing the evi dence, the full bench of magistrates sent the ease for trial. The board appointed to inquire into tlio allegations made against one of the warders iu the Pent-ridge stockade of trafficking with the prisoners will commence their Investiga tion on Monday next. An alteration has boeii made in tho personnel of thojboard by the substitution of Superintendent Nichol son for Superintendent Hare. This has been rendered necessary in consc %oncc of the absence from town of the latter gentle man. Tho Sydney Morning Herald, 13th May, gives the following telegram from Mr. Parkcs to Air. Francis, respecting tlio Border duties : — Referring to amended schedule trans mitted by my letter of tho 9th instant, will tho Government of Victoria join in an agreement in tho terms therein set forth, with the insertion of tho following new clauses — namely : After tho 31st day of December, 1S73, no charge of any kind on live stock crossing the boundary between New South Wales and Victoria, for inspec tion or otherwise, shall be imposed by either colo.ny, unless such imposition shall bo con sidered necessary by the Legislature of either colony after the date hereof for tho prevention of disease, in which case the charge shall not bo for the purposo of revenue, but only, and exclusively, to meet tlio charge of sucli inspection ? An inquiry lias elicited from the Education department a reply to the effect that can didates for the boards of advico require no qualification, whether residential Of other wise. Tho German emigrant ship Alardus has been ready to continue ber voyage for somo days past, and as her detention in port causes considerable expense to the owners, the German consul has made an application to the chief medical officer to allow those pas- sengers by tho Alardus, who are at present in a sound state of health, to re-embark and proceed on their voyage, the sick passeigers still remaining at tho quarantine station. A telegram was at once sent to Dr. Williams, the health officer at the Heads, asking whether the passengors would bo able to leave the station next week. It was, how ever, blowing bo strong at the Heads that the boat was unable to cross from (fjuecnclni to the sanitary station, and no answer has therefore been received to the telegram. As the Bmallpox patient from the mail steamer Baroda is rapidly progressing to wards convalescence, it is more than probable that the passengers will be released from quarantine on Alonday next. The nino pas- senirers who refused to bo vaccinated the second time have since given way, and tne operation has been performed, but the quar tette who originally refused have pcrsistedin their determination. It is quite possible that tho New Zealand mails may be sent via Mclbouruo and Suez. From some telegrams that appear in another column it will be seen that tho New Xeajand Government is in treaty with MSssrs. M'AIeckan and Blackwood for tho cquvey- anee of tho mails to and from Melbourne. Air. Samuels, who has gone from Sydney to Now Zealand, and will como on to Mel bourne to catch the mail to England, win no doubt do his best to secure tho co-opera tion of the New Zealand Government with that of New South Wales in carrying out the proposed San Francisco route, in the meantime it is said that Air. Thomas Russell, who lias gone to England from New Zealand, has been instructed to make in quiries respecting tho re-establishinent of a mail service direct from San Francnseo to New Zealand. It is no wonder that tlio design of Air. A. L. Sffiith was accepted as the prize design for the new law courts. It is ; alleged that one of the members of the Gabuiot bail Be stowed considerable thought upon the bss means of securing accommodation for tne legal profession and the general public, tie had gone so far as to make a rough sketch of a design, and an officer of the Public Works department Flitted upon »ne Jttiitister to elaborate tho plnn suggcst, so that it might be seen whether the proposed plan would be suitable carried out. This was done, and the tracing said to have been supplied by Mr. Johnson to Mr. Smith was based upon the r Minister's idea. Some little surprise was Idlt at the Cabinet mooting at tho reproduc tion of tho Alinister's plan. This, however, was deemed only a coincidence, and the design being adopted, was awarded the pre mium. Further revelations of communica tion between the Pubiic Works oilioesand architects are expected. A meeting of tho Commission on Con- Lands was held in tho Town Hall yesterday ; Mr. Fenwick in tho chair. Tliero wore present — Messrs. Gordon, Loriincr, lteid, Moore, Capt, Smith, and Dr. M'Crea. Mr. Gordon submitted a scheme for the drainage of West Melbourne awnmp, which is comprehensive and yet simplo, and was viewed with more favor than any eclieiha ..yet put before the commission. Tlp» cQSjunittce appointed to inspect a"3jte.iport upon tho swamp at tho north «V.pf Ferrers-street, Emerald-lull, brought' up " their report, in which a pitched drain to tho Yarra is recommended, and that such drain should bo made before any more land is sold in tho locality. The commission adjourned until Friday next, when it is ex pected the evidence on swamp lands will be completed, and the location oi noxious trades, the next question to be considered, will be taken up. The 'mechanics' institute of Brunswick was pretty well fillod last night by the sup porters of Mr. Allan Staley, who had an nounced that lio would give a public exposi tion of bis political views in connection with ' his iandidaturo for the representation of the East Bourke boronghs in Parliament. Mr. Staley's address, which was short, and sufficiently practical to meet with the appre ciation of his audience, will bo found fully reportedinanotficroolumn. Havingsomewliat naivelyacknowlcdged that he was as yet unac quainted with the leading political questions of tho day, some of Mr. Higinbctham's supporters, who sat near tile platform, put some questions to him; but his replies, al though in one or t,wo instances rather vial- a-propos, must have disappointed those who esmcctod that he would commit himself. A vittc of confidence in liim as being " a fit and proper person, " &c.; , was carried jby a large majority of tho meeting. Tho Minister of Lands and Agriculture, accompanied by Mr. Hodgkiii3on, left for Echuca yesterday by special train, for tho purpose of inspecting tho Darmah Forest, about fifteen miles from Echuca, with a view to deciding upon tlia most convenient and economical means of conveying timber thence to the railway lino. Dr. Hector writes to a friend in Mol- bourno denying the accuracy of the report which appeared in the New Zealand press With reference to tho diseovery of a live inp,q iu the WftuiVu dlatfiC-i). Tile fclISwiug is Dr. Hector's statement " I do not think there is any truth in the report that a inoa has boon seen. At the same time, if liioas exist in any part of New Zealand it must be in the locality south of tho Wairau, as all other districts of the colony have been well ex ploded. If I hoar any reliable statements n the subject I will not fail to publish, them." Tlio inquest at Sydney oil the body of jpptain Longtnuir, a portion of which is given iu another column, wa3 finished on Monday last, when the prisoner was com mitted for trial on the charge of wilful mu'ftlcr. The prisoner is a muscular framed inau, of about 5 feet G inches in height. His features are more French than Gorman, and rather unprepossessing. He has what is commonly called a bail face, a restless, de termined expression about the eye, and a hard firm look about tho mouth, tho upper portion of which projects considerably. At the adjourned inquest several of the sea men gave evidence as to a quarrel between Oaptaiu Lmgumir and the steward, the pri soner Krauss, on account of tho captain re proving him for his dirty habits. Evidence was also given respecting tho attempted poisoning of tho ship's crew. Wlrcn spoken to by one of tho water police forco at Sydney about the murder, Krauss remarked, " I Bin sorry for it, it cannot bo helped now, it Was God's will." At tho inquest Krauss, while reference was being mido to letters having been found in his pantry, in several languages, said that lie could speak and read and writo seven with ease. One paper was shawn which contained memoranda in somo half dozen languages — among which wore ontries in Latin, Italian, German, French, Dutch, and English. The memos in Gorman are tho following detached sentences : — "Tho longest day has an end — 0 Lard into your hand I give my ghost and soul if earthly hope should fail — at times headache comes from much growling — Those who fall into tho welvos' den must hold with them." The memo in Italian, which in its hearing on tho case seems to be the most important of all, is without date, and to tho following ctl'ect i — y There has been a very great row (baruffa g'candissima) with tho captain (described as ' Signor il capitauo') (Humiliation — lias so men to ?) who struck mo a blow on the head. Tho wliolo tiling arose out of nothing at all on my part deserving of such treatment. This extract will show that at the time it was written Krauss was broodiug over a blow received from the captain. At the ninth meeting of members of tho National Mutual Life Assurance Association, the report presented was very satisfactory. It was shown that iu the three and a half years that had elapsed since the estab lishment of the association, the business Q'AS double that done by tho Australian Mutual Provident Society during the same period, and that thero was now n»siun of about £ 12, 000 accrued to meet the liabilities from deaths as tliey might occur. It was also stated that the working expenses of tho association wore very low, although the official staff was in every respect thoroughly efficient. Tho criminal information laid against Ignatius Feigl, the publisher of tho livening Herald newspapor, by Frcderiok Winch, groom to William Winch, owner of the racehorse Commodore, for printing certain statements in relation to the said horse's running in the race for the Sydney Gold Cup. came oil for hearing yesterday at the City Police Court. Mr. Molesworth, who ap peared for tho defendant, applied for a postponement of the case till next Wednes day, in order that further information and witnesses might be obtained from Sydney. The application was granted. His Excellency tho Governor, accompanied by Major Pitt, A.D.C., tho Commissioner of Land3 and Agriculture, the Assistant-Com missioner of Crown Lands, tho Mayor of Melbourne, and Colonel Anderson, left for Ecliuea by special train yesterday at half-past two p.m., it being the intention of tho party to enjoy a few days' shooting at tlie Moiia Lakes, Upper ' Murray. Mr. Casey and Mr. Hodgkinson will also avail themselves of tho opportunity to visit-, on business connected with the Lands department, the Ban-all State forest. The train, to which the vicc-rogal State car riage was attached, was accompanied by Mr. Anderson, assistant traffic superintendent. The Tnapeka Times is responsible for tlio following : — "It is rumoured that a ease will, during tho present year, he tried, which, from flie exalted station of one of the parties, will far transcend in interest any that lias ever come before a colonial court Everyone knowB that onr new Governor, Sir James Fergusson, was recently married to a wealthy South Australian lady, ami the story of the young gentleman who claimed to have been previously engaged to her will be so frosli as to render recapitulation unnecessary. It is now stated that a Wellington legal linn has received instructions from tlie rejected suitor to commence an action for breach of promise of marriage against Lady and Sir Jamc3 Eergusson immediately upon their arrival is the colony. Damages are to be laid at £50,000 !" At the Melbourne Criminal Sessions, yes terday, Felix Kabat was brought up charged with forgery and uttering, by altering an acceptance given to him by Mr. Nicholas Fitzgerald for £100 15s. Gd. Tho amount of the cheque had been made to represent £400 15s. Gd. The bill hod been discounted for the prisoner by Mr. God frey, by whom tlio information was laid. Mr. N. Fitzgerald was under examination for several hours, and deposed minutely to the nature of tho transactions between him sp,4Lthe prisoner. Ho stated that tlie hill pro- Sueed wasaforgcry, and admitted that he had, acting upon advice, agreed to suffer the loa# Of tho amount of two otlior bills, which had been admittedly tampered with by the priso ner. The jury convicted the prisoner of forgery and uttering, but recommended Mm to meroy, on the ground of the latitude allowed by Mr. Fitzgerald. The prisoner was remanded for sentence. Tho Ballarat people are making great efforts to give Sir Gcorgo F. Bowen a hearty reception. Tho Star gives the following as the programme for the occasion : — His Ex cellency, who will go from the metropolis by a special train, will be received at the Eastern railway station by tlio mayor and council- lore of the town, and an address will bo pre sented. At the Western railway Btation ho will bo mot by tlie mayor and councillors of tho city, who will also present an addrcs3. After this tlie party will bo driven to Craig's Hotel for luncheon, nud then an inspection of tho orplinn asylum, public library, town hall, and the school of mines will take place. The evening of the first day will bo wound up by a hall given in either the Mechanics' or Alfred halls. On the second day his Excellency will be taken to inspect tho hos pital, benevolent asylum, Winter's or some other claim, and the boroughs of Scbastopol and Buninyoung, the mayor and councillors of these places to be invited. At Buninyong, tho mayor of that borough (Mr. Allen) wfll show his Excellency the spot where gold was first stmck at Hiscocks. In the evening, at half-past seven o'clock, the corporation din ner will take place, most likely in tlio city hall. On the third day the party will inspect the mechanics' institute, Phoenix and Union foundries, and at one o'ulock his Excellency will hold a levee in the city hall, and Lady Bowen will hold a reception in Craig s Hotel at the same hour. An hour later the party will visit the botanical gardens, after which the vice-regal visit terminates, the party leaving by special train at halfqiast three o'clock. Threo able seamen, named Walter Thomas Wieland, John Thornton, and Frederick Zickernian, belonging to the stoamcr Edina, were brought up at the City Police Court yesterday, on a charge of broaching the cargo of the above vessel. The case was remanded till Thursday next for the pro duction of the socond mato, whose evidence is important. It appears wlion tlie vessel was lying at tlio Melbourne wharf on Thurs day taking in cargo a case of drapery was broken into, and somo articles removed. Wieland and Zickernian wore admitted to their own bail ; but Thornton was remanded to gaol. In tho ease of Ellen Hickson, who was charged on warrant with stealing £10 10s. from tlio Eev. W. Kelly, residing at Sun- bury, a very startling pieeo of information came to light, which point3 to the belief that gross irregularities are committed in our reformatories. Mr. Kelly deposed that the girl Hickson was in liis employment, and stole £10 10s. The prisoner pleaded guilty, Mid the rev. gentleman aked leftye from the bench- to say n few words in favor of tho girl. Ho said he believed she was suffering from kleptomania, and could not lielp her self. She had been in his employment, and possessed many excellent qualities, and iie hoped tho bench would deal leniently with her, as he was stire she wanld turn out well. When the bench were deciding the case among themselves, Mr. Kelly implored them not to send tho girl to the reforma tory, as "there was ono dormitory thore where girls accused of tho foulest crimes wore sleeping along with girls liko this, who wore guilty of only simple larceny. About 28 or 30 slept in this dormitory." Perhaps this sworn testimony of a clergyman will lead to a reclassification of these schools. Tho adjourned meeting of nil officers and non-commissioned officers interested in tho formation of a volunteer club, intended to do good to tho entire service, will be held this evening at eight o'clock at Carton's Hotel. It was decided at a committee meeting, hold last Thursday, to call the gentlemen above, mentioned together to receive the report of the committee appointed from the last pub lic meeting. The committee are particularly anxious that thoso persons who do not exactly understand tho aim and objects of tho proposed, institution, or that any per sons who, knowing tho objects, arc opposed to a club being established, will attend to night's meeting. .Something definite, it ir hoped, will soon bo arrived at, as it is felt that the formation of a club, where military hooks and journals could be read in comfort, will do much to instruct and elevate tho volunteer service. Four-footed snakes are not often met with. Tho Ipswich Observer , however, states : — It will probably interest our readers, especially those who love natural history, to know that a young man whilst engaged in his usual occupation on the Brisbano river, last week, killed a snake which bad four feet ! It was a black snake, having a reddish belly, and two feet nino inches long. Eight or nine inches from tlio head were two teet, half an inch long, having toes. Ten inches from thoso feet were two more feet. The snake was evidently a poisonous one. This species of snake is seldom seen, yet two or throe of them have been killed on Die Brisbane Rivor within the past throe or four years. A word of praise for Mr. Gfflios. Tho Dunotly Express, lGth May, writes : — The question of railway extension is being dealt with by tho Railway department in a spirit worthy its head. Mr. Gillies promises and fulfils liis promises as far as circumstances permit, and with as little delay as possible. But comparatively re cently the shire conned of Bet Bet asked that a Hying survey of a lino from Dunolly to St. Aniaud might bo made. The promise was given, and yesterday tho survey party started on tho work. Tlie lino lieuce to Sandhurst, via Tarnagulla, has also been traversed by two or threo routes, and the results will soon bo in the hands of the department. A correspondent of the Brisbane Courier says that a novel experiment in tho educa tional progress of . tliis colony is about to be tried at the primary school at Pimpama. A dormitory for tlio accommodation of children living too far from school is now being attached to the present school-room. Tho expense incurred is to be defrayed by tho Board of Education paying two-thirds of the cost, the remainder having been collected in this and the surrounding districts. The cost of boarding the scholars is fixed by tho local patrons, and is to be such as to pay oxpenses, leaving a small margin for tho superintendence of tho teacher. Tho Auckland daily Southern Cross has; been bought by a limited liability company, ; Mr. Vogel getting £4000 for tlio plant and goodwill. The chief shareholders are Captain Dahly and Messrs. W. S. Graliame, Vogel, and Stannns Jones. The capital of the company is £10,000, iu shares of £.1 each. The following tenders were accepted by the Commissioner of Railways yesterday, subject to tlie report upon thorn of tbo engi- necr-in- chicf : — Construction of workshops and fittings at Williamstown, James Muir, £G440 13s. 3d.; supply reilgum piles and sawn timber, Echuca, Robert Barber, £1104 0s. 9d. ; timber for completing Waterford bridge, on the road between Sale and Grant, Gopeland, Kcegan and Co., £564 lis. Gd. ; portions of works for new viaduct sit tho Aloe, between Melbourne and Sale, .Tamos Coburn, £719. Yesterday, at tho Gcelong oity police-court, P. C. Rahilly charged a man named John Harland, but who is bettor known to tho police under tho sobriquet of Happy Jaick, with being the keeper of a disorderly house. The evidence of tho constable and of ser- geants M 'Sweeny and Morton proved that the happy one was tho proprietor of a notorious brothel, which was frequented by all the thieves and prostitutes in Geclong." They mentioned tho names of Nosey Maggie, Jack Jelly, Steiglitz Moll, Jack Smith, Polly \Vattf, Biddy Mullane, Fan Burnett, and o Hers. Convictions for vagrancy and larceny were proved against the accused. Mr. M'Cor- mack made an ingenious defence for his client; by calling witnesses who had seen him fishing on the wharf for a living, one of whom said, "Why, your worships, Mr. Harland is a most exemplary character. He's always a fishing ; go on the wharf whenever you will, has always there before you — four o'clock in the morning, and bo- fore that, there he is. Ho always will have the best place. Ho's the first on and the last off always." The bench discharged Happy Jack, upon receiving a promise that lie would eschew immorality, and lead a good life for Die futnre. The police at Geelong having made tho necessary inquiries, and satisfied them selves as to the respectability of the appheant for the custody of the found-' ling infant, handod over the little waif of humanity to Mrs. Swotting, who has undertaken to bring it up as if her own child. She has given the following reason for doing this net of charity : — News has recently reached her of the death of her husband's sister, who was named Matilda She intends naming tho child Matilda Swat ting, in remembrance of this person, to whom she was much attached. Mr. Williamson, J. P., manager of tho Bank of Victoria, Sandhurst, dietl last even ing somewhat suddenly. Tho deceased was in tho prime of life, and had been manager of tho bank named for many years. At Gcelong, yesterday, constable Raliilly brought two brothers named M'lntyro before the bench for using obscene Lan- minm in fill) nt.reeta. He Said the pair, in company with exactly 134 others of the same class, were jilaying football nearPawnsey-creseent, and that tlie language used on the occasion was not fit for repetition in tho court. 1 fo handed in in writing some of tho objectionable phrases for tho perusal of tho bench. The youths stoutly denied having made use of the offensive ex pressions. The bench adjourned tho caso for tho production of witnesses. The benefit of Mis3 Eleanor Carey rft tlie Theatre Royal last evening was an unquali fied success, the house being crowded to suf focation. Tho programme was a most liberal one, including Gilbert's favorite drama of Pygmalion and Galatea, and Robertson's comedy of School, in both of which tho fair bencficiaire appeared in her original charac ters. At tho conclusion of Pygmalion and Galatea, Mr. Coppin and Miss Carey ap peared in front of tho curtain. Mr. Coppin, in ono of his characteristic speeches, apolo gised for tho modesty of tho gentleman who had collected the funds for the testimonial which he had been requested to present to Miss Carey. He was individually of opinion tliat it would have been far better if these gentlemen had made the presentation themselves. Ho re ferred to the great advanco in the prao- tico of her profession which had boon made by Miss Carey, and also to tho willingness with which slio had accepted tho adrico given to her both by the management and by tho press. At tho samo time he consi dered she had much to lcarii, and ho hoped that the tesiiuonial he was now to present to her would not only show the esteem in which sho was held by tho playgoers of Melbourne, but would also act as an inducement to her to give increased study to her profession. Ho then presented lier in the naino of tho subscribers with a gold negligee and a cross sot with diamonds, a purso containing fifty sovereigns, and a life governorship of the Australian Dramatic and Musical Associa tion. Miss Carey briefly returned thanks, but after a few words was so overcome that Mr. Coppin had to coine to her assistance by saying that she had so much to say to ihosu prC-Scat that fffW Kifi uuablo to express hdr feelings. Miss Carey was liearlily cheered upon her leaving tho stage, and Robertson's sparkling comedy of School brought tho entertainment to a close, ill which Miss Garoy sustained the character of Naomi Tigho with hor usual success. ' The sparkling little entertainment at tho Apollo Hall is apparently increasing in pub lic favor, notwithstanding the fact that the creator portion of the programme is con- ducted in French. Tho operetta of Bon Soir Voisin contains many light and pleas ing melodies that must become goncml favorites. In addition to this, the sprightly acting of tho Mdllos. Navar.o is sufficient to make a worso programme than tho one offered a great success. The first part of the entertainment i3 diversified by the sing ing of Miss M. A. Liddlo and Mr. Hilton. A meeting of the Victorian Teachers' Institute will ho held to-day, at tho Central Schools, at eleven a. in., for the purpose of finally considering tho rides, and electing a committee for tho ensuing twelve linmlhs. Wc perceive by an advertisement in 'another column that W. Robertson, bookseller, lias just rccoivcd a history of tho Franco-German war, by A. Bortstaedt and Major A. Dwyer, in ono volume. Tho work is copiously illustrated and handsomely bound. At Donnybrook, on Monday evening last, a lecture was dclivorcd by ltev. Dr. Macdonald. of Emerald-hill, on Flora Macdonald, on behalf of the funds of St. John's Presbyterian church there. There was a good nttcndanco, and the lecture was enlivened by the strains of tho bag pipes. We have received from Messrs. J. and A. M'Kinley, Queen-street, Melbourne, an analy tical digest of the cases decided in the Supreme Court of Victoria during the years 1871 and 1872. The work, which is compiled by Peter Stevenson Davis, M.A., barrister-at-law, will prove very useful to the members of the legal profession generally. It will be seen on reference to our advertising columns that the ladies of the Carlton stall at the late bazaar hold iu the Town Hall in aid of the Sick Children's Hospital, having a number of useful articles unsold, have arranged to bold a fancy fair in the Carlton Orderly-room, Grattan- strect, this afternoon and evening, when every thing must bo disposed of. There are to lie promenade concerts by several amatcure who have kindly volunteered their services. At Wallan Wallau, on Tuesday evening, a tea meeting was held in connection with the Presby terian church there, which was numerously at tended. After tea a lecture was delivered in the sclioolroom by Rev. Dr. Macdonald, on Tho Lady of tho Lake; which was much appreciated. Readings were occasionally rcliovod by songs con nected with Scotland, from amateurs present. At tho lecture thero was a very large at tendance. Part I. of Eenolm Chillingley, by tho late Lord Lytton, has been issued l»y that enterprising Viotorian publisher, Mr. George Robertson. Of tbo merits of the work we oan as yet give no opinion ; bnt lmve little doubt it docs justice to the literary talent of tho distinguished author, who,, after a series of most brilliant suc cesses, joined the majority. Has he mot with Dickens -and .TeTroldyct? A pertinent question for our local spiritists to answer. By the way, will these inspired wiseacres overtoil their under- educated fellow-mortals anything that is worth knowing, or will they continue to confine them selves to tin and other pot manifestations ? On Sunday last missionary sermons wero preached at Diaraond Creek, by the Rev. G. Grey, of Melbourne, and tho Rev. A. T. Glasson, Primi tive Methodist station minister, to large congre gations. On Tuesday, 13th, a tea meeting was held in the Nillnmbik Church, (when a number of friends sat down. The public meeting after tea was presided over by Mr. E. J. Peers, and addresses ffireii bv tlie Revs. fj. (vmv A . 7-lrnwn (Episcopalian), A. T. Glasson, and Mr. G. Gilbert Sermons were also preached at Heidelberg on Sunday last by Mr. G. Sweet, of Melbourne ; and a publie mooting bold on Thursday, 15th, presided over by Mr. W. Blauksby, of Norwood, and addresses given by tho Revs. G. Grey and A. T. Glasson. Tlie finances at each place are greatly in advance of last year. Mr. Anthony Trqllopo finishes his work on Australia and New Zealand with a final three shilling's-worth, issued by Mr. Gcorgo Robertson. New Zealand is the last (if the scries, and seems to be written with more care than tlie author be stowed upon cither Victoria or New South Wales, Mr. Trollopc has actually condescended to go into the war, and figures on this occasion, furnishing an appendix which makes very fair padding to a somewhat weak and inconclusive volume. We confess wc cannot compliment the popular novelist on his latest addition to tlie current, .and, happily, ephemeral literature. Our opinion is that lie was either " got at" by the Queensland squatters, or that he lias somo ma terial interest in that charming country of sugar cane, cotton, and mosquitoes ; and that, not having sufficient material to make a hook ont of them, he gavo the rest of the colonics a turn, so as to construct a bulky tome. The first tea-mooting in connection with the new Independent tTiurch in East Collingwood, held on Wednesday evening, was ki every respect a perfect success. Tho hall was well filled in every part, and several relays took place at tho tea. At 8 o'clock, tho Rev. F. L. Wilson, com menced his lecture on Tho Monk who shook tho world. By this time the hall was denselypacked, and many wero compelled to occupy tho ante rooms. For nearly two hours the rev. lecturer was list end to with Hie greatest delight by the largo assemblage, while the applause which lie received when he touched on some of the great events iu the life of the hero of the Reformation was very hoarty. At the close the thanks of the mretingwero enthusiastically giVen to him, also to tho ladies who furnished the tea, and to Mr. A. Gfrantifor his kindness in presiding. Tho usual weekly meeting of tho committee of management of the Immigrants' Aid So ciety was held yesterday at tho home, Prince's-hridgo : present, Messrs. Griffiths, Oli- phant, Dickson, Woollcy, and Moodv: Mr. Dickson in the chair. The state of the home was reported as follows ; — Number remaining last week, 415 ; admitted since, 184 ; discharged, 192 ; died, 2 (Duncan M'Grcgor, aged 73 years, natfye of Scot- End ; and Nelson Proctor, aged GG years, native of Suffolk ; causes of doath, old ago) ; remain ing, 435, comprising 2G1 men, 89 women, and 85 children. At the same time last year there were 262 men, 82 women, and 84 children. Of the men 98 aro sick and infirm, 11 stone-breaking, 124 oakum picking, and 28 working ont; of the women 20 are sick or infirm, 10 in the Laundry, 2 at needlework, 54 hair-teasing, Ac., and 3 working out. Out-door relief has been given to 19 families, or 67 individuals, en presenting the cHef cards of the aooiety. 