I ' VISIT OF HIS EXCELLENCY THE I GOVERNOR TO MOQNTA. j On Thursday, about midday, His Excel lency left the Wallaroo Mines,, with the finely appointed equipage of the previous day. With him in the waggonette were Mrs Higgs, Mrs Hoct£r, and Mr Higgs ; the private Secretary, Mr A..Musgrave followed in the other waggonette driving the other pair of carriage horses, the Bev. Mr Hocter accom panying him. So well did the four greys do i their work that, on pulling up at the platform erected-by the Mayor and Corporation at the corner of George- street, His Excellency wa9 found to be somewhat sooner than he had been expected, and there was no one to receive him. P.C. Harris who happened to be present, was advised to warn the Corpora tion that His Excellency had arrived, and meanwhile, the party drove round the town. A very Dice platform had been erected with the word " welcome " on it, and it was fringed ■ with pines. - Inside' were chairs and a table. There were a few flags flying in the town and a few spectators around the platform, but the places'of business remained open; and save the platform and the pines decorating the Royal Hotel there was little to denote that any matter of more than ordinary importance was on the tapis. The Mayor (Mr C. Drew) and Councillors Assheton, Bennett, Beagle hole, Buzza, Forner, Harris, Hague, with the Town Clerk. Mr Crutcbett, and Mr Sur veyor Jones received His Excellency. Also, there were several gentlemen residing in the town on the platform. On alighting His Ex cellency was received by the Mayor and in troduced to the Councillors, after which, the Mayor addressing His Excellency, said "I feel myself highly honored by your Excellency's notice and gratified that so soon after your .arrival in thecolony you have visited Yorke'e Peninsula where the people are ever ready to give a hearty welcome to the representa tive of their beloved Queen. As Mayor of this town it has fallen to my lot to present to your Excellency on behalf of the members of the Municipal Corporation an address, which, bat feebly expresses my own sentiments of loyalty and my gratification, at yonv Excel lency's visit. I will now request the Town Clerk to read this." \- The Town Clerk (Mr <3-, T. Crutchett) fclion read the following address :— To His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.Gh, Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Colony of South Australia and its depen dencies. The respectful and congratulatory address of the inhabitants of Moonta aud its surrounding neighbourhood, through the Mayor aud the Corporation of Moonta* May it please your Excellency— On this, the first occasion of your Tisit to the important mineral district of Torke's Peninsula, we tender our hearty welcome and-congratulations to you, who have been selected by Her Most Gra cious Majesty Our Queen as her Representative in this distant portion of her dominions, and feel assured that wisdom has guided her choice, and that under your administration the vital interests of the Province will be promoted, and its pros perity advanced. We beg to assure you of the continued loyalty and strong attachment of the residents of this part of the colony to Her Majesty's throne and per son ; and their prayer is, that she may be long spared to her people to discharge the high func tions devolving upon her We trust that your Excellency with Mrs Mus grave and your family, may enjoy the blessings of health and happiness in your new home. On behalf of the inhabitants of Moonta, we re main,. Your Excellency's most obedient servants, CHARGES DREW, Esq., Mavor. G. T. CRUTCHETT, Town Cleric. HiB Excellency read the following, TeplyMr Mayor and Gentlemen—This cordial welcome from the inhabitants of Moonta is very gratifying to me, and I thank you for the compliment which your Address contains. I hope indeed that tUe choice which has conferred upon me the honor of being the representative of our Most Gracious Sovereign in this noble province, will not prove unwise. It may not be within the scope ot my power, or my legitimate functions personally, o accomplish much, hut what goodwill, earnest de sire, and the nature of my office may enable me to effect, shall not remain undone towards pro moting the best interests and prosperity ot tne colony. I readily receive your assurance of your i lovaity and attachment to Her Majesty s throne which is scarcely needed, bo well is it knowa, but which I shall have pleasure in laying at her leet. X pray you. to accept my, thanks for your good wishes towards my At the close the. JJayor caUed for three cheers for the'Queen, and this, being moBt heartily re sponded to, a similar token of respect was paid severally to His Excellency and Mrs Muegrave and ftmily. , Mr George Jeffrey, Secretary to the podge of the I.O.O.F., next read the following address *Eo His Excellency Anthony MuBgravo, Esq., C.M.G., Governor and Commander-in-Ohiet, ot the Colony of South Australia and its .Depen dencies. „ . ., We, the united Friendly Societies of Moonta, j beg most cordially to welcome your Excellency to Moonta, and the important mining district con-| irectad herewith. We take this opportunity of assuring your Excellency of our devoted loyalty and attachment to the person and throne of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. It is our earnest desire that the principles ofphilanthrophy and self-dependence inculcated by these Societies may be-found to aid in promoting the well being and fgood Government of this colony, with its Wge population, the major portion of which is, mow or leBSi directly connected with the respective orders. : . We noti$» with satisfaction the interest yonr Excellent has taken in this important district j and we trust you will by this visit become thoroughly acquainted with its wants and neces sities. We assure your Excellency -you will carry away -with you the hearty goodwill and best wishes of your most obedient and humble ser TOSigned on behalf of the various Friedly Socie tlCS' E. H. DERRINGTON, D.D., I.O.G.T. G. JEFFERY, A.I.O.F. C. M. BERTRAM, A.I.O.O.F. E. D. ROBINSON, IXKO-F. M.U. W- H. BENTLEY, C.R., I.O.R. TTia Excellency's reply was •» follows:— I am much gratified by this compliment from from you on my visit to Moonta, and this testi mony of your loyalty. I have no doubt of the value of the principles on which your societies are united.. The advantages of mutual assistance and co-operation are daily becoming better known and more appreciated. I cannot fell to take a deep interest in so important and populous a dis trict, and I shall do my best to become aquamted ] with, its wants and necessities, in order so far as I ! pan to aid in supplying them. Pray accept my thanks for your good wisheB. His Excellency: and auite then left for tne site of the new Anglican Church, the founda tion stone of which lie had been invited, and had consented to lay. There, a considerable number, of persons were waiting for blip. The He vs. Messrs-Taplin and Hawkins m clerical'casques and costumes, were present, and they were shortly joined by the Kev., Mv Hocter, also in his robes. The service, which consisted of the Litany, intoned by the Rev. C. G. Taplin, Incumbent, and responded to by the choir, singing and prayers, wa? com menced but unfortunately almost iinnjcdiatcjy a heavy shower of rain commenced to fall, causing umbrellas to be in request, and also a considerable proportion of the company to retire for shelter. The service being con cluded Mr A. France, jun., read a copy of a document-which, wit'i other matters alluded to in it hod been placed in a bottle under the stone. This was as follows . " The foundation stone of this All Saints New Church was laid by His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., Governor in-chief of the province of South Australia, on the Hth day of September, in the -year of our Lord 1873, in the 36th year of, the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria,.in the 26th year of the consecration of tbe Eight Rev. Augustus. Lord Bishop of Adelaide. The llev. , Charles Goodenough Taplin, Incumbent. Trustees: George F. Wyatt, Lloyd Herbert, ; Thomas Evans. Wardens: William Goss, Alfred France. Architect: Thomas Jones, C.E. Builders : Maddern & Priestly. Car penters1: Hague & Lake.'' The bottle con tained a copy of the above, the Moonta Advertiser Sept. 9, and the Wallaroo Times Sept. 10, with six current coins cf the 16 Avery handsome solid silver trowel, with handle inlaid with malachite, designed, manufactured, and engraved by Mr Steiaer, of Adelaide, was then handed to His excel lency, who patted some mortar underneath the stone with it. The pulleys were then eased, and the stone descended to its resting place. The architect, Mr R. Jones, tested its position with his level, and it was found to be well and truly laid. His Excellency then declared it to be so in the name of the lather, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.- The trowel bore the following inscription:— Presented to His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, ilsq., C.M.G., on the occasion of his laying the foundation stone of All .Saint^ Church, Moonta, September 11, 1873." The mallet made of gum and black wood, had been manufactured by Mr J. Carter, of Moorita. His Excellency then addressed the as sembled company, saying a few words that it was impossible toreportfully in consequenceof the rain. He said he did. not intend to say much partly because of the inclemency of the weather, and partly because at such a cere mony as they had been assisting in, a spirit of prayer was better than many words in which there might not be much wisdom. He very much regretted the absence of Airs Musgrave, wbt> was also exceedingly sorry that she could not accept the invitation forwarded to her. to lay the stone ; but she had maternal duties which she felt would, not then permit her to leave. For himself "he could say he was glad to have been permitted to take part in the good worfc tliey had been engaged in. Other Church denominations doubtless also accomplished much good. But he cherished and should cherish the warmest privilege of attachment to that grand old Church, the principles of which, had been handed down to us from the most ancient times. There was, however, ample scope for all Churches, es pecially in this new colony, where naturally the people were much scattered. He much wished to see the bonds of union between them brought closer than they were^ and he hoped that, however this might be, they would more and more closely resemble that grand old church from which had run streams of benevolence through all time.. The Rer. Mr Taplin, although disinclined to speak at length, could not but express his appreciation of the courtesy of His Excellency in aeccpting the invitation forwarded to him to lay the foundation stone. In the name of his congregation, and for himself as Incumbent, he thanked His Excellency. And he would con gratulate his congregation on the work which liati been commeuccd by them. Iter years they had felt the inconvenience of worship ping in a cramped and confiued Church. The last census returns had shewn that there were 50,000 Church people in the colony, out of its 180,000 of population. Surely then they were warranted in calculating that out of the 12,000 persons supposed to be in and around Mooutat hey would find sufficient Church peopletofill the church now commenc ed, which' it was calculated might seat about 450\. The old Church merely seated 120, and. it was known to him, painfully be might say, that often persons desirous of attending, had to leave because there were not seats for them. Thus they'had lost many who were really members of the Church of England. It would be remembered tti3t such a building as they had undertaken could not be put up without both cost and liability. He, person ally,'bad become responsible for the sum re quired, about £1,500 or £1,600. This liability he had not been afraid to undertake. He had had no fear'as to the result. He had faith in the old .Church, and was .not afraid that, the nioney would not be forthcoming. The present was a time, when those who had not subscribed could do so, and those who had, could, if they chose, add tQ their liberality. He bad pleasure in stating that there was not a single denomination on the Peninsula that had not assisted his congregation in the effort they were now making. The Rev. Mr Hocter could not but rejoice when he heard that all Christian denomina tions on the Peninsula - had assisted in the good work. 'Twenty-five years ago there were but five English Churches in the colony, and now there.were 75, besides others in the course of erection. He hoped that in the course of another 25 years that there might be, instead of 75, more than 175, and that, as time.progressed the( calpny. might be as one Clitfteb to the living God. antl that the people might, form part of that congregation, the number of which no man could know, but the ministers to which were the archangels, and angels the Priests and Lcvites. Contributions to a considerable extent in cheques notes and gold were then laid on the stone, and His Excellency and suite retired. During the afternoon His Excellency visited the Moonta Mine, over which he was shewn by the: Superintendent Captain Han cock, and the. perfect appearance at that wonderful'centre of industry commanded his warm commendation. Thence he returned with Mr Higgs to the Wallaroo Mines. 