. Original :Es;3ay:;: ',' ;;?;;.;.' ON THE DEMOLITIONOF AN OLD RECTORY HOUSE, 1840.* Dear venerable pile I how long thou'st been ' ' ' -l''' ' The Christian pastor's unpretending home I1 ' '? '- ''- For centuries thou'sfc firmly stood the shock , ; ? ::., '. Of Time's unsparing hand ; but noAV, worn out — At least, become unfit for modern use — Thv walls must be removed, and soon thv dace. Cleared of thy massive timbers, shall thenceforth Know thee no more for ever. -? ,' What deep and solemn thoughts present themselves, And fill the mind, Avhen the past history Of such a house as this we try to scan ! How many inmates has it held whose care (At least Avhose duty') 'twas to guide the souls Of multitudes to heaven ! How dread the thought, The account that each must give how he discharged His sacred stewardship ! Whether with zeal In his great Master's cause he spake the truth, The wicked warned to shun the wrath to come, ? i The Aveak sustained, and sinners strove to bring To the only fountain open for the cure Of sin and of uncleanness, Jesus' blood ! ' Or whether he a faithless shepherd proved, ' Absorbed by cares and pleasures of the. world ; ' The hungering sinner empty sent away, '???-. And left his flock to perish as they might. ' ' But — not less solemn thought 1 — how many here, As years rolled on, have heard the Avord in vain.) Enjoyed the means of grace, and had the hope Of glory offered them in realms above !, How oft from this his dwelling issued forth The surpliced minister, to serve the church Of God, and call His people to repent ! ; Hoav oft within these walls has kind advice Been freely tendered ; thereproof severe, Though private, given in hope of better things]! i How oft the secret prayer been offered up To bring down blessings on his people's head ! Hoav many generations must give in The account of talents Avasted or improved. While. thus reflecting, awful scenes will rise In mental vision— the tribunal set, And minister and people summoned forth ' ' To stand their trial. Thrice happy they Who then may hear the blessed Avords, ' Well done.' , But Avho shall paint the wretched state of those Who, Avhen accused that day, are ' speechless' found 1 Behold a solitary prisoner there Before the bar of God. He is arraigned For the neglect of duties Avhich he o\yed, As; Christian pastor. Comes any witness forth ? Oh, yes ; not one, but many. Faces known Full well on' earth — his own parishioners.' They testify that he their favourite sins : Left undisturbed, no timely warning gave, Nor taught them hoAV to seek the Avay of life. There's no appeal from evidence like this. ' Thou careless shepherd, thou art cast aAvay By those Avhom thou should'st day and night have toiled ? To bring Avi thin the fold. Thou art condemned 1' The scene noAV changes, and before the bar A crowd of culprits, men and Avomen, stand. ' Of heeding not the gospel they're accused. ? ' Neglect of Christ's salvation is the crime For Avhich- they stand arraigned. But did they know The gospel? was that great salvation set . Before them in sincerity and truth ? ? ? ? ?-? See there, a solitary witness comes To testify against them. Who is he 1 Tis he who ministered for many years ? In vain amongst them. And what says he now ? ' I warned this people of their sin and guilt, ' \- Their dangers snowed, and pointed to the cross Of Christ, the Son of God, and all besought To flee to Him for pardon and support. Their blood lies not on me.' Hear sentence, then, 'Unfruitful hearers — ' Go, from me depart . Down to your heritage of woe. The things ' Belonging to your peace ye knew, but yet Ye would not do them. Now ye are condemned Upon the evidence of him who watched For souls while ye indulged the sleep of death 1' Thus will the serious mind revolve its thoughts, ; While bygone times, both recent and remote, Are forced on its reflection by the fall And gradual disappearance of the place ' - ' Where dwelt so long the minister of God. . But. are not we concerned in this ? Can we No warning see ? Oh, yes, indeed to us To whom the day of grace is granted now, With still but powerful voice, this taking down A pastor's ancient dwelling speaks. The dead . God cannot praise. The living are to draw ? The moral from this scene. Our bodies are Made temples of the Holy Ghost ; they are Houses for God to dwell'in. ' Let us all . Take heed, then, to the ministry of Christ, And ever carry with us, as we move About this evil transitory world, The thought, affecting rich and poor alike, That death will these our tabernacles frail Soon take to pieces, and remove. But, more, That whosoe'er God's temple does defile Him will that God destroy. But if our hearts Be open to the Word of grace and love, . . ' The chambers, of our memory be searched, And the hall of conscience faithfully be used, Then dissolution of our earthly frame Will bear no sting, for we shall only be Translated to a house not made with hands, Eternal in the heavens ! ARCHDEACON WOLLASTON. 