THE "LIBERAL" PARTY. (Nation.) i curse of barreness has been on the last Session of the British Parliament—the blight t»rottenness promises to be the inheritance in toe future of the majority that has guided its Deliberations and directed its policy. There is ?o longer a cohesive " Liberal" party—there J not harmony even in the Cabinet. The leaflet is himself, according to one of the " Lib- ™ guiding lights in the press, an anwtoonism—his power vanished—his " occupation gone." He gazes on what was a party, *it is now disintegrated and almost reduced primitive elements of personal selfishbl 8 5 j ienorailt egotism. He sees his hunin a i° rit y melting away like shadows m ™™ light. He looks to the country, and to face it. He points to a future which he hopes may influence popular ^Pathy, and finds"his prolation no bait for multitude. He gauges that future by the ~f a ™ ^e present, and sees wherever he Mil Preston to Greenwich —his &iL; te ? ndiated aa* tis party defeated. 100t s ia the face of big colleagues in the Cabinet, and sees but enmity and aversion of each other in their countenances. He is_ not even able to appease tte passions or ; stifle the enmity of the aesthetic Ayrton and - the amiable Lowe, while their mutual aeri-; mony bursts into an ebullition of petulant spleen in the' House. He looks 1a Ireland, and sees but the ghosts of Coercion ActB and the memories of gratuitous insults. Two years ago he challenged Mr. Martin to compete with him, politically, for the affections of the Irish people. To-day he shrinks like a coward from the House because Mr. Butt has a notice of motion on the books which he cannot ignore and dare not discuss. He is left alone like a stranded wreck—the real popular party in England being ahead of him—and obsolete Whigs and crustaceous Tories his partisans and supporters. He is defeated in Ireland and England. Depressed in spirit and surrounded by gloom, the Dictator of the Commons has sunk to the level of being tbe suppliant of the populace—only to find his supplications in vain. " The fallen fortunes of the Ministry" is a current phrase on the lips of his supporters, and in the press which had fulsomely lauded him as the heaven-gifted statesman—the " People's William." His party is dissolving—and a cry cannot save it. He is alone, and only fit for that hospital of political incurables—the lazy retreat of the somniferous benches of the " Upper House''—to which it is said he is to be " raised" to retirement. Taking the extremes of English public opinion we will be able to judge of " liberal" chances in case of an election. Reading them by the light of recent experience, and hope itself vanishes. Lord Lyttelton, according to the Saturday Review, could only ask from the Lords a year's grace respecting the Endowed Schools Commission, and " confessed that he could hardly expect more, as he had no one to back him, except a Government smitten with paralysis." The Saturday is oftener severely cynical than literally correct, so that we may take its interpretations cum grano, but this instance is, we think, an exception. The Ministry is not alone played out but moribund, and hastening to elemental dissolution. Mr. Gladstone—according to the authority just quoted—can only throw a " welcome veil of oblivion over the blunders and quarrels of his subordinates." The Lord Chancellor (the English one) is inimical or covertly sarcastic, because the circumstances which he detailed as ministerial triumphs were either supremely ridiculous or evidences of weakness and inanity. The Ministry within the year had actually completed a treaty with an African savage—the Sultan of Zanzibar— had secured the privilege of bowing before the Chinese throne, and debased the nation from the monarch to the costermonger by the fulsome and ludicrous adulation which greeted the tyrant of Peraia; and all this while Russia is quietly entrenching herself in the very heart of Asia. These are the triumphs of the Liberal ministry. Looking further abroad for signs in the future, the same evidences of weariness of the Ministry and disgust with the party challenge the gaze of the inquirer. It is the provincial and not the metropolitan press of England that create and sustain parties, and make or unmake ministries. Tried by this test of provincial judgment, and the ministry and the party stand more openly repudiated and emphatically condemned than in the crisp and caustic periods of the irascible reviewer. " The Liberal section of the press," says one of the ablest of the provincial papers, "will certainly not be very enthusiastic" in the verdict it has to pronounce on the Ministry and the Parliament. " Its praises will be scanty, few, and feeble— its apologies ample but weak. It will neither have much praise for the past nor much hope to express for the future." Even when armed with Mr. Gladstone's new cry of the franchise for the farm labourers, it is sadly admitted " the Liberal members will have a difficult time of it with their constituents." And then we read and learn the reason of the popular defection which paralyses the Ministry and makes them tremble in prospect of an approaching election. " The heart of the Liberal party is both sick and sore. Its great hopes are scattered—its enthusiasm vanished. It lias endured the most grievous of all evils in seeing an alliance established between the men whom it placed in power and those whom they were bound to oppose. Again and again has the most advanced section of the Liberals seen itself defeated by a coalition of Ministerialists and Conservatives, and has even heard the Tories boast that some reward was due to them for sitting niglit after night to enable the Ministry to defeat their own followers." Liberalism has been outjuggled, and Liberalism avenges itself by creating the conditions which secure Ministerial defeat. The "great leader" of the Liberal party—who, we are told, is " weary in brain and sore at heart "—would, thanks to the Irish Nemesis, be defeated ignominiously did he to-morrrow face the constituency that enthusiastically returned him at the last election, after his defeat in Lancashire. His lieutenants, we are told, are in a chronio state of mutual hate, and two of them " seem'bent on mutual extermination,' being only powerful in " inflicting annoyance and doing miechief." Thus far for the condition and cohesion of the party. A declaration as to the action, of its outer section, which, while disgusted and disaffected, possesses all the power, shows what may be the Ministerial chances in case of a dissolution of Parliament. Here is sound political doctrine—doctrine which we ourselves have repeatedly taught:—" There is no place in politics for such gratitude as would fetter action. We are bound to press on to the mark that we see, and we cannot continue to accept the leadership of those who cannot pee with us." And eo the "Liberal party," by mutual repulsion, resolves itself into its elements, and the sham known as " Liberalism" dissolves and melts into 4 the air. In this condition of affairs consists Ireland's opportunity. The disorganisation of English parties, the break-up of ministerial majorities, and the close balance of parties, are all in our favour. It is in the midst of such conditions that a united body of Irish representatives can wield the greatestpower, and produce the most important results: for us, therefore, aU/.ttojsiicjmi^ stances are full of encouragement.'\ ; TSBSS- ; pect ol affairs, not only in the enemy's camp, but in our 'own country, presents ; xnahy : presages of victory. Only let our countrymen be true to themselves, and charge resolutely under the national banner which now flies proudly to the breeze, and ere long they will hear, shouted through the ranks, the joyful announcement that " the field is fought and won." 