Chips by a Sandalwood Cutter. OHRIB'MAS AND WHAT IT BROUGHT. You're never jolly, but you're dull after; and as a young colonial gal told me only a few days since-the most mis'rable moments of her life was the mornin' after a party at Go ver'ment house and a heart bustin' flirtation with the pale-faced swells of the office stool and inkstaud order who fancy they pay the Gov'ner and Mrs. Weld a great complinent. by attendin'. It is amiusin' to see 'em oi these oc casions. What awful pains they takes to get theirselves up. For days and days before, the party has filled their minds-which ain't very capasious to that degree that there's no room for i anythin' else. Its a fact I believe, that for three days before a party at Gover'ment house there's more mis takes made in the offices than in three months at any other time. Poor taller faced ink-bespattered clerks-I can't be angry with em,. there lives is awful mernoternous, and it must be a treat to 'em-a kind of new life-to find theirselves on those rare occasions paid a little attention to. I don't wonder and I aint angery at the little airs they take-and forgive 'em the supersillyous manner as they've treated me when I've met 'em in their best does and doin', the " walkin' in the Zoo," as illustrated by Mrs. Lyons and Miss Stoneham. Oh dear, I could a tale unfold- about them does-at least some on 'em. I've known 'em to be "spouted"-then borrowed for the occasion and faithfully returned on the morrow. But let it pass. It's all over; the fun and mirth of Chris'mas is gone-the plum puddin's. eaten-the roast beef is no more-and of the bottled beer wines and spirits, nothin' is loft but the bottles-and shakey hands and slight touches of headake. Chris'mas! dear old Chris mas! he's like Everton Toffy-every body likes it. Don't the gals like him when he comes 'in. laughin' and wirk in' with the misseltoe, and allows kissin' to go on without restraint, and how they bless hini when he comes with the dreadful ghost( story" that, must be told with' no .other' light but the blaze of the fird,;i''and so gives sweathearts a chance of -puittii their arms:round each 6thers 'waists.: or, of squeezin' each others hands. -'And don't the children like him with his mince pies and plumt puddin'a!;: But p'r'aps no one enjoys' it much bettei than the old people. To the young lie brings the Future and shews it 'em, decked out in bright fancies and gollen hopes, to givo-'em heart to go on and fight life's battle. To thie old he". brings .the Pait, softened and smoothed down by distamce so that' it makes a pleasant .pictu' to look at, -cheerin'.'en on for 'the. remainder of their journey with tlie, reflectioi, that, the past .was after all not. so painful and weary as they thought, ?and that life has in it a good deal more enjoy ment thin sorrow. To lthe old he also brings troops of ssinlin' lovin' faces, children, and grand-children, in whose lives they sees theirn own repented and rejoice that thleir menmories .will not be forgotten. Dear old Chis' mas, what a jolly old feller you are;. only the wust of you is you is such a out-and-out Englishman that you can't: adapt yourself to circumstances. .Why will you insist on havin' beef and puddin', and turkey and goose, and hot punch out in a climate like this; its just as absurd as people wearin' black*bell topper hats and patent leather boots in the broilin' hot sun here, or goin' to a dinner in a black swaller-tail and a white choaker. Why can' t you go in nice cool nickerbockers, and a loose jumper, like the Admiral of the port, and wear grape leaves round your head instead of holly, eat cold chicken pie instead of roast beef - custard in stead of plum puddin', and go in heavy for iced lemonade. The old feller don't look quite as jolly out here as in England ; instead of havin' a ice icle at the end of his nose, he has drops of perspiration, and instead of scrougin' over the fire to toast his toes, he's a puffnt and blowin', dabblin' in cold water, and fannin' hisself like a gal. He aint got the spirits here he has at home and though he tries to be "aw fully jolly," the weather fags him and he can't do it. This here time the old man was * shockin'ly done up, for he didn't do much more than juist look in and bring us the compliments ,if the season. Some how I think lhe aint particulary struck on this colony, nobodyis--not even Mr. Trollope-arnd certainly the jolly old man--not Trol 'lope-but Christnmas, was about as dull this time as ever.I seed him. One thing I think he. f'etted a .bit over the duty on currans .npdIplumus d wine and another, it was hot enough 'to make a salamander lazy.. A merry Chris'mars h ? why its a.insult; you might as well say to the three young men as thie wivkeA king popped into a furnace made specially hot-" hope you enjoyed yourselves ?" To be" merry was 'to lie mis'H able. One young person as mnade hisself merry by dacnin' a polka with his cusin to a concertina he told me, had to stand in' a tub after to let the wet drip out? f his clothes -and that the conrcirtina swoatcd to that dhgree that'thy had to wipe it every two or three - minutes with a towel. Chris'mas brought a good many pleasaut .thlings-(not re for'rin' to Chris'nmas boxes-as none come to me) for \which I'm thankfull, but the old chap brought with himir red hot weather that's nearly shrivelled me up-for which I'm not thankful, but rather the other thing. FRowsoli ever it's everybody's - duty.:to wish everybody a merry chris'mns-i-and I've done so. ' Besides the hdt weather Chris'mas brought. Electiois ; unple'sant things at any time, but at such a tine as Chris'mas, about as agreeable as half Sdozen scorpions in your bed. Mr. Weld must.a been in a very spiteful humor when he said, " let the elections take place on Olirts'mas Eve." Con iiderin' that the Hferald's published at Fremantle it aint much wonder that he should do as spiteful a thing as he could to that town, but what malace can he have agin that quiet humble little.place Guildford, that he should have tormented 'em by an election at such a time. It was cruel, and from the Gov'ner's,smooth face and soft womanish voice, you wou.dn't a thought he could do a cruel thing, es pecially at Chris'mas time. But, don't trust to appearances, says the old pro verb, and Mr. Weld's a illustration. Its a lucky thing for Guildford that there was only one person offerin' hisself, so they was saved a good dealof annoyance and the Gov'ner got p'r'aps a little disappointed. I wasn't at Guildford, but I was told it was very quiet. Well they've sent in a prauti cal man this time and we shall see what he'll do. There aint a man in this colony has moro respect for Mr. Padbury thian I hast, but he'll only be wastin' his time and worryin' hisself by goin' into Council. It don't mat ter the value of a bandicoot's tail who's elected. Fred intends to have his way and do as he likes, and you'll see he'll do it. Aint he done it all along? and I should like any one to point out any useful measure that's been intro duced and passed by the elected mem bers unless it happened not to inter fere with any of Fred's plans ? Mr. Padbury'll vote right, but he won't beat the Gover'ment. Fremantle wont forget Chris'mas Eve 1873 in a hurry-a hot election ; three persons fightin' to be returned, a biggetted catholic, a biggetted pro testant, and a person independent of creeds anrd catikisms. I was a calm spectator, but I must say it was about the warmest election I've ever seen in the colony ; but then some stupid fel ler, thinkin' he was doin' a mighty clever thing and taking a high stand, told the electors they had a "Sacred Duty" to perform, and of course the englightened and independent elec tor took it to mean, is the catholics goin' to wop the protestants or is the protestants agoin' to lick the catholics? and that was the pint of the election. As mighta been expected, when people quarrel on religious grounds, each side fought furiously and used a good deal of bad languidge to one another. There was champions on both sides, ,ne side rearino' blue, and the ottier side red: and white. The blue chuam pion was a.fine sturdy feller known as William the Conquerer, noted for not havin' too much to say, a virtue very f'ew has: The red champions was all small, but they was very active, and n on. I went to hear the speeches in the big hall and was never more amused in my life; most of 'em read what they had to say from bits of paper, like boys comiu' up afore the master to read their lessons. One talented little feller had wrote a stun nin' speechi, but it was too clever by half for the uoedicated mob that was lisnin', and so they howled and larfed from the-'Mr. Chairman and gentle amen' to the 'fil;a!y, 'when he sat down amid' a storm of applause-for that it .was, finished,. 9M Gr.?Mrminion goF'i:n, and though .ho's been :a out-and-out supporter of a :Gov'fer;who's lavishedasmany honers in:h:.iis:as.-King Henry did on old Woolsey as yonu reads on the History ofEngland, its to be hoped now the peoples puit him in, he wont be un mindful of their rights. Iui addition to the election, Chris' mas brought one of the ,£1 _things tlhis. colony ever seen a Hippi~drome. There's a word if you like, . It aint in omy diutsernary, but at first .1 though~ t it was a hippeirpotaImois-~ that theiu cilrcus people had brought,i; but at last I-found out it was forriu' for horse rcin'. .I'll be many years afore anythin' of that lind 'll ever be seenhheire agin. It was magnificent, and the plrice oight a been 10s. in stead of is,:, and everyboudy would a come away eq!ually satisfied. The peicessioun of chariots and jockeys and amazons was: splendid-only'some of the horses didn t loolk quite up to the mark but they didn' tbelong to the stud, of Wieland and Lyons. Fust th ere ?wasthr.e prancin horses takin' the d'i'rer all his time co keep em fron':iolt.in'-:dirawin' a gilded wag gin with- the band in, a playin' the Smost heavenly music, such as "Mr. H Gray Merchant &e.;, Geraldton," plays on his harp of a 1000 strings-a much more .difficult instremuen" than the piatuny, or even a hurdy gurdy. Then cottme jockies in breeches and boots and colors and caps, and Romans in gold htelmets, tights togas and 'nlastic boots, mouuted on firy steede-and chargih' the crowd that follered to keep 'em from breakin' the percession. There was amazins, with lovely long hair fiowin' in a beautiful state of firiz down their backs-with bows and arrnws and shields, ferocious enough to flight the Volunteers and Pensioners put. together, and coaxin' enough to make a priest's muuth water -there was glajiators, naked and smothered with oil, just as the his tory boolks tells us, ready to fight Dan Gannoin or the Bidoon Infant or any other pugelist at a moments notice, in tl!e pracession, but owin' to the crowd- I did n't see 'em. But the sight thatwus worth seein' was the wondorfill ronni" chariots, drawn by horses with no iharness on 'em only the rains £nd-bit mild di'ivan by lovely wiii men in long striped gounds without sleeves and :,old. helIntRs with spikes on thie- top. The day was beautiful hot, which added mniuch to the effect of the phrcessioir as it kept' hundrels. ,of people frlom f llerii it, and so them as did, wasi't crowded. Of course there wosn't 1many as isw it.as .know'd much- about the romans, what kind of dresses they wore or what kind of market caIts they drove, but-I'm toild thlat. Romans didn't htuve saddles and ; stiriups and b.idles--lut that thel dmessP s aind the. chariets was exact. t! so all I ianrsay is I'mn-glad I didn't live o:ii, the (lays of the Romans, es pecially if they had to go in persoessiou andl tie weather--was as ihot as it was on Boxin' Day. It'd take me too long niow to tell you about the "tremnen jous" races, but I'll do so next week. 