Harry Bloomfield ; OR, THE ADVENTURES OF AN EARLY AUSTRALIAN SQUATTER. [The copyright of "Harry Bloomfield" has been purchased by the Proprietors of this paper.] CHAPTER XXXII. THE GOVERNOR'S BALL. BY THE AUTHOR OF "LINDIGO THE WHITE WOMAN." The much.-talked-of ball at length arrived, at which Her Majesty's new representative in Victoria entertained the then elite of the colony. Much speculation had .been indulged in of late in Melbourne as to the impression which the newly-arrived Governor would make on the public. His popularity in the colony, it was known, wonld entirely depend on sagacity and good government, qualities which his predecessor had failed to manifest. Elaborate preparations were made in the shape of purchasing dresses, especially by the fairer portion of the community, for the grand occasion. I arrived moderately early at Government House. The ballroom was fitted out for the occasion in magnificent style, and all the arrangements were carried out with taste and completeness. The ladies were dressed in a gorgeous and expensive style; but I was not a little proud to observe that the lovely Miss Graem excelled them all in beauty and brilliancy. The notice she attracted before she had long arrived was manifested among the group of gentlemen around me. " Who is she?" said one. "Myeyes, what a stunner!" exclaimed another. What a glorious creature. Does any one know her name V' asked a third. "Ask Bloomfield there,"- remarked one of my acquaintances ; and an eager crowd at once gathered round me, pressing me for the wished-for information. I answered with assumed indifference— Ail I know about the lady is that her Q&he;'is Miss .Graem, and. that she is a Sydney native. 1 ® " By jingo, ,r said one, "T often heard of the beautiful Sydney natives, but never until this moment had such proof." "Bloomfield is a lucky dog to be acquainted with such a rare beauty," whispered another. Hamilton came near at this moment, when I stepped to one side with him. His first observation was— " Doesn't Winnie look well to-night, Bloomfield ?" " She looks charming, Hamilton. All the gentlemen present are struck with her beauty, so that yon must look sharp after your prize." " I think you ought to assist me in the defence of the fair citadel, Bloomfield, and monopolise her company when I am not near, for I would tire her by pressing my company too much; and besides, you. are etting an immense favourite with her." "Poor Hamilton," I thought, "you are hings not so deep in love matters as yon are in egal; otherwise yon would not rely so much n your friend's assistance." I felt for the oment a strong conviction that. I was not ealing honestly with my friend.' ^ ..JJut, las ! the conscientious scrapie', eoStL anished when I found myself enigaged yrith innie in the mazes of the excltiag danicfe.- h ! the delirium of those delicious momeh^ s we whirled round the brilliantly-lighted all. The consciousness that I was loved in eturn by the acknowledged belle of the all, whose dazzling loveliness attracted so uch attention, was sufficient to breakdown he barrier of reserve which I had contructed for the sake of my friend Hamilton. shall leave my case in the hands of n ury of bachelors, who may have found hemselves whirling in the dance under cir umstances similar to my own. I could not elp acknowledging my love. Several imes the image of Edith Mowbray appeared o my mind's eye; but remembering how ruelly she had deserted' me, pride each ime came to my relief. " Ah !" I thought, "would she were here now to see the harming creature that leans on my arm, and returns the affection which she has spurned." Twice I imagined, while meditating thus, that I caught a glimpse of the deep-blue eyes which had kindled my boyish love, and the same graceful figure in the person of a lady who whirled with her partner near us ; but I was too full of my own thoughts to take much notice of the resemblance. I remember pausing for' & few seconds to «8t, and atoo-to; give my partner a better •opportunity of- Replying • to my ardent proposals. . My arm supporting her waist, and her left hand rested upon my shoulder, while the other was detained by me. Thus we stood back out of the course of the dancers. I bent my face close to her ear, spying— , " 1 shall be very proud, Winnie, : of engaging" the greatest beanty here| this evening if she mil only say the little word that my heart is yearning to hear." . She blushed and bent down her eyes, as if shunning the gaze of some one behind, in which direction her eyes were turned, without replying to my question. " What do you say, lovely one ? Am I then mistaken in your affections ? For pity's sake, relieve me out of my misery." . A geptle pressure of both, her hands interrupted 'the protestation, and she whispered— _ " " The lady behind will overhear. She is casting suspicious looks towards you." I changed my position a little in order to face a lady and gentleman who I knew were standing like ourselves out of the dance to rest, when my eyes encountered the same orbs which had flashed upon me several times in the waltz. Was it dreaming or was it the ghost of Edith Mowbray which stood before me 2 I was transfixed—unable - to move or articulate a word. A stifled scream proceeded from the lady, who but for her. partner's assistance would have fallen. Hercheeks becameverypale, and she appeared as if about to faint. Her partner assisted her out of the saloon, while £ stood where I had first seen her in a most perfect state of bewilderment. Winnie gazed at me in ntter astonishment, and her words, " Come into the air," brought me to my senses. "Willingly," I replied, conducting her mechanically through the throng of loungers. "Doyou know who that lady is?' she enquired eagerly. "I think I do j but I am not certain," 1 replied evasively. " I noticed her several times watching us dunng the waltz.' But what a lovely woman she is, far handsomer than poor me, although you flatter me so," said she, slightly pouting. " She is not handsome, Winnie; of that I am positive; but here comes your cousin, and he will find out who she is." When the question was put to Hamilton, he exclaimed— "Hess you, that was Miss Mowbray, a connection of the Governor's by marriage. Why, everybody is crazy about her beauty. I heard a lot of fellows arguing whether she or a certain other lady I know is the handsomer, and opinion seemed to be divided. But 1 believe she is engaged to the Private Secretary, Mr. Stanley, who is a nephew of the . Governor. Why, what iB the matter .with you, Bloomfield? You look as if yon had seen a ^host." . " • • - After leaving Winnie with her mother, f s i \ I Hamilton and I stepped into the refreshmentroom. I now remembered, that although I had told bim of my disappointed love and the' fickleness of my fair one, I had never mentioned her name. Now when he was apprised of the facts he manifested great surprise.'' That Miss Mowbray was still singlo confounded us, nor could we account for tjre mystery. y, she has repented, Bloomfield; you'll find that out yet The fellow appears to be quite spooney about her, sticking to her like a leech since they entered the nail; but she does not seem to care very much for him." " What is he like, Hamilton ? I was so confounded that 1 never noticed his looks." " Why, 1 must confess he is a handsome fellow, but not so manly in appearance to my fancy as yoa are." Our conversation was interrupted by several friends entering the room, amongst whom was the Colonial Treasurer, who came near me, saying with a significant smile— " Hollo, Bloomfield, you must be in high favour here. The Governor's Private Secretary was enquiring whether a gentleman of yoiir name was at the ball to- night, when I answered him in the affirmative. He was also enquiring about some other name which I forgot; but on hearing who you were he was Satisfied. I expect to hear you bring sent lor one of these fine days." I guessed the reason of the Private Secretary's enquiries about me, although I did niot satisfy the Treasurer on the subject. The Reaction which suddenly took place in my feelings on beholding Edith Mowbray so unexpectedly was most extraordinary. Although l had -Wished her present several times that evefiirig to witness, my conquest of the beautiful'Miss Graem and to ai&e; with what indifference I treated her inconstancy, when she actually stood before me I felt like a criminal, especially when J. suspected that she had understood what had passed between my charming partner and myself. However, on reverting to her letter I considered myself quite justified in my conduict xmd perfectly free. I debated with myself on the Bubject while returning to the ballroom, where I beheld-the objects my thoughts. Mr. Stanley was still in her; company, or rather was her partner in a dance. On the next dance being abont to begin the gentler man, after a whisper from Miss Mowbray, approached me, introducing himself, and 1 adding— "I have the pleasure of inforniing yon that I am commissioned by Miss Mowbray to present her compliments, and ask that you will favour her with your company, as she has some news for you from your Mends at home."' I observed that Miss Mowbray had left the hall when Stanley came to me with the message, and when I accepted the invitation he conducted me to a small apartment or private room. On entering he announced my name, formally introducing me to Miss Mowbray, and then quitted us, Edith was .standing in the centre of the - loor, and approached me with a sad kind of mile, saying— " I am happy to see you, Mr. Bloomfield, after such a long separation. I hope you have been well since last I heard of you. 1 "Perfectly well, Miss Mowbray ; yon are welcome to Australia." " Thank you. Pray, take a seat; I have soaie news to tell you from home," she said, placing a chair for me, and taking one i herself." "Home news is always acceptable to a colonist," I replied in the same cool and distant tone. She heaved a deep sigh, which she strove to conceal. " I did not imagine," she said, " when we parted in Englwia many years ago that onr meeting"' again ~ Would "be so cold and TeservetL" •• "Neither^ did I, Miss Mowbray," I replied coldly; "but time alters many things, it seems." A pause ensued, during which I for the first time that, evening scanned the face of my companion as she'-sat with her head bent downwardj,nervously playing with her watchchain. She was little changed since I had last seen lier, except that from a girl she had expanded into a woman, and that her beauty was of a much more pronounced character than in those old days. I was struck when I heard her voice with its similarity to that of Edwin, her, cousin, whom she resembled also in face. From some unknown cause she started several times at my voice as I spoke toherJ ' "I suppose you have not heard as yet 1 that your sister Bose and my brother Alfred are married," Bhe remarked in a trembling voice. | " I had a letter a few days ago, intimating thatthe marriage "would take place in a week fjrom that date." " Then you have heard.from Bose lately!" jhe adjled, with seeming uneasiness. <' H4r letter was written after you - left for London to join your aunt ; but I never suspected that it was your relative who came as Governor here, for Bose never • mentioned his nsane, but said he was appointed an Indian'Governor,.and was returning thence." " So : he thought-himself*; but he was appointed for this colony at the last moment. Did Bose say any more about nieT' she. enquired timidly, "She did, and even enclosed me your note to her from London," 1 replied significant^, while I watched iny companion's countenance! I perceived that bhe trembled at the words, and turned away her face. I judged that she was agitated, but cont idered that she deserved the pain which was inflicted by the news. " Of (course you thought the news in that L fcter extraordinary, and I may even say cruel." | " I expect it is too late to talk about the sv.bjecti now, so with your permission we will drop it;" I replied coldly. <' I d£re say you are right. The subject is too painful- to be, introduced at our first •meeting, and I expect you are impatient to get back to the ballroom. I trust you will forgive me for detaining you so long from i your beautiful partner, who I have no doubt will be {the future Mis. Bloomfield." Not before Miss Mowbray is changed to Mrs. Stanley," I replied bitterly. "Th^t will be never," Edith remarked with emphasis, surprising me very much. . " But y° u have not mentioned the lady's name,"; she pursued. "Imust confess she is one of the handsomest girls I ever beheld." " Her name is Miss Graem—a native of Australia. So you see, Miss Mowbray, we can produce passable specimens of female beauty/' "I fear she may get jealous at me "detaining you, so we had better return to the ballroom. But before we part I must ask you to visit me some other day, as I have several things to say which our short interview at present forbids. I shall inform my aunjb who you are, so that your company at Government House will be always acceptable."] " Thank you, Miss Mowbray; I shall avail myself of your kind invitation on some future day. Are you engaged for the next waltz ?]lf not, may I have the pleasure of " "; you." .oubtedly for the sake of old times, unfield." ikmy arpv and we re-entered the -" Kt^sa a. waltz was beginning. ton with his cousin walk away ith -and I took our pfatees on the *" that Winnie was indisposed, when the dance was over I enquired for Hamilton. I was informed that Miss Graem's party had left, and that she was unwelL T was very uneasy on hearing this, and feared that Hamilton had revealed my secret. After parting with Edith in better humour than 1 had anticipated at our meeting that evening, I gained my hotel, my mind filled to overflowing with strange and conflicting emotions. THE PORT ADELAIDE COURTS.—Mr. E. J. Peake, S.M., having obtained leave of absence for two months, owing to ill-health, his duties at the Port will be performed during his absenoe by Mr. E. Castle, S.M., late of Mount Pleasant. VEHICLE ACCIDENT.—On Wednesday afternoon, October 1, as a horse and buggy belonging to Mr. Wm. King 'was proceeding along King William-street, on the southern side of Victoria-square, the yriinm.1, which was a highspirited creature, became restive at sight of the Glenelg Railway train, which was waiting to load passengers for the 2.15 o'clock down trip. When nearly opposite the Booking Office .we driver appeared to-have lost control of his horse, which dashed into a cart full of bottles drawn up at the kerb. The shafts of both vehicles were smashed, and the horse in the cart was severely gored by a shaft of the buggy. Neither of the persons in charge was injured. Music A.T THE BOTANIC GARDENS.—To the liberality of some Adelaide gentlemen the public owe the opportunity which will now be offered them every week, of enjoying the delights of music while wandering through our charmiag Gardens. On Wednesday afternoon, October 1, the first of a series of open-air concerts by Schrader's excellent brass band was given in the Botanic Gardens, commencing at 4 o'clock, audit would seem every advantage is likely to be taken of the double pleasure which will. be . afforded on Wednesday afternoon in Dr. Schombuigk's domain. There was a large and fashionable attendance, and for-a oouple of hours the Gardens presented a most animated appearance. Several of the varieties of flowers are now intheir most perfect bloom, notably the cinerarias and gloxinias, and a more favourable season could hardly be chosen for seeing the perfection to which taste and perseverance have brought the Gardens. The programme of muse performed, which was most ^enjoyable, was as follows Coronation Marohfrom^'Le Prophets f selections from " LaSonnambula," a quadrille, - the overture to "Fra Diavolo," "Bird of Paradise Waltz," " Emily Polka," and a galop, the" whole concluding with 'the National Anthem at about half-past 5 o'clock.* The&o; concerts are a real treat, and sure to be Very popular. BENEVOLENT AMATBUR DRAMATIC SOCIETY.— A performance was given at tbe Theatre Royal on Wednesday, October 1, by the members of - this Society, the object being to raise funds for the wardrobe and librarywhich are indispensable . to a dramatic club. The Society have on severaloccasions been able as the-result bf their efforts to hand over substantial 1 sums to different charitable institutions, and it was therefore gratifying to see that they ^ra well supported - in their endeavour - to- provide themselves with -the means whereby their performances nMy bis rendered more attractive in the future. - Apart from the good which the Society is enabled to do by assisting our charities, it deseeveesupport as evidencing the fact that the mMnbera devote their leisure to a study which ia at onoe beneficial to themselves and qualifies . them 'to afford amusement, to .- others. - The r sta^lsj. pit, -and - gallery were crowded, but the boxes were but qparsely occupied, ^he performance oh Wednesday consisted of .Tom'Taylor's rWeU-known , 1 four-act drama; 1 The Ti(^et-ofiLA&ve; Mao, and the. feuw -of "Colleen "Bawn^'Settied at Last," the amateurs being - assisted by the Misses r Emily, Wood^ Neelsen,- Hooper, and Halbert; .The drpriia wasperforaWLby ther.. Society Tast 1 yeat with * slightiy dpteent cast " n aid Of -the -sufferersby the-mslalnclroly boat. accident at Glenelg, When it met. Wifth. a -Very"' favourable reception, which - was • afeo. accorded to it on its repetition. -The leading characters were all very fairly -representedj-sonre of the - performers frequently rising above-mediocrity, and displaying considerable talent. Qome. of the minor characters,; however, j failed apeak with i deliberation and dist^ncbieB^ and the: text was in consequence ipetinaome parts; bgfrgeBemlly the piece went smoothlj, and the .prompter's duties were apparently light.:, Attheifallof the curtain aU the leading- .characters freqs' oa]led for and warmly applauded. Ths farce ^ollpwBd, hut although causing considerable ; merriment could not- but be .'.regarded as a, mistake," the curtain not. having fallen on the-drama till 11.30 p.m. The entertainment as a whole was 'very creditable to the Society, who will doubtless have a handsome sum to expend-on their wardrobe and library.. , MISSING.—Referring to the disappearance of. Mr. McLean, the Mount Gpmfyier Standard, remarks:—" A painful sensationhas been created - by the fact that Mr. .M. McLean, of Axdno, had been missing for some days, and that there was reason to fear that he had been drowned whilst attempting to cross the Glenelg near; Casterton. Mr. McLean left there on Tuesday evening for Springbank, and on the following morning his horse returned to Casterton riderless, and with evidences of having been submerged. The hat worn by Mr. McLean was subsequently found, floating in the river—a fact which leayes but little room for doubt as to.the_cause of tha unfortunate gentleman's abeenc8. . Later information states that Mr. McLean succeeded in getting out of the river, although he. lost his horse, and that he sub&eqruentiy; called at three places enquiring the way: back .to-Casterton. He has, however, not since been heard of, and it is feared that he has perished from cold and' exhaustion, The greatest sympathy is felt for Mrs. McLean, who has-been married but a few months, and the numerous other fciendg closely affected by this nieloncholy incident.-'' A FIGHT BETWEEN ACTOR "ANS MANAGES.— An exchange mentions'that:?at .theManchester Assizes Mr. Haywell, acting-manager of the Prince's Theatre, Manchester, orougM aiil action against Mr. Bandmana, the-well-known actor, for damages for assault.' ~ It 'was fctatbd by the plaintiff that a disagreement -having arisen . between the parties respecting the terms of their contract, Mr. Haywell gave Mr. Bandmann a letter stating .that if he 5 stopped the performance he would be held responsible. Mr. Bandmann tore- up - the letter, and Mr. Haywell said, ' You are. & miserable cur.' Mr. Bandmann (who--was- attired as Macbeth) then struck the other on the face, and they closed with each other and both fell on the stage. Mr. Bandmann rose firnt, and kicked Mr. Haywell on the forehead. The were ultimately separated by the stage caipenters. The: defence was that after the first blow the affair became a mere fight. The Jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, with £5 damages, and the Judge refused to certify for costs." BEANDON'S SHOE WAREHOUSE, 78, Bundlestreet, CLOSED on Monday and Tuesday next. 274-86 