WESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH. On Monday evening last, the anniversary of tho above church was further celebrated by a tea and public meeting, in the Wesleyan Church, Tyrell-streel. There wns a largo attendance, and a very lively interest uppeared to be manifested iu the proceedings throughout. After the usual devotional exercises had been engaged in, Mr. C. Thomas, who hnd accepted the invitation of the trustees to preside on the occasion, wns called to the chair. The Chairman, in a few introductoiyTemarks, 'explained the object of tho meeting, and ex pressed tho pleasure he felt at seeing so largo and respectable n gathering present. He called upon The Rev. W. J. K. Piddinglon, the superin tendent of the circuit, who made the financial statement, and laid before the meeting in detail the state of the church funds. Tho Rev. T. J. Pepper having been called upon, addressed tho meeting, and congratulated them on tho promising condition ot the church. Ho wns also happy to moot on that platform the gentleman whose fame was so much abroad, and and whose praise wns in all the churches — his friend aud brother, tho ltuv. W. Kelynack. The congregations in other churches had been robbed ; ho (Mr. Pepper) rejoiced that so many of the members of other congregations had hnd an opportunity of hearing him, nnd ho hoped that before long they would see him again iu Newcastle. They had heard from Mr. Pid dingtou something about finances, and their duty to give towards the cause of God. He would now address a few words to them on the subject of work — Christian work. This world of ours has been smitten by sin, but the great and infallible cure for all its evils was to be found iu the Gospel of the grace of God. II was this which, being diffused far nnd wide, would again raise poor fallen humanity to the pristin grandeur from which it hnd fallen. But in all ages of tho church's history, and es pecially in the present day, the work of evan gelising the world appeared to have been delegated to a few, and the principal idea which he wished to impress upon them wns, that there should be individual eil'ort ; he wns afraid Hint in too ninny of their congregations this individual responsibility was not felt, and that each mem ber did not feel called upon to put his shoulder lo the wheel lo help forward tin) good work. They were anxious enough (hat their pulpits should bo well filled, and that the minister should be iu his place at all times, but lhe\ seemed to lorget that they, too, had a task to perform. In tho Primitive Church, after tho descent of the Holy Ghost nt Jerusalem, it ap penred that they hnd fallen into a state of apathy and inactivity, until God sent amongst them a fiery persecution which roused them to a sense of their responsibility ; by this persecu tion the Christians were scattered abroad, but they carried with them the Gospel, and this led to the founding of many Christian churches in other parts whither they had fled. In these latter days, however, we might not bo called upon to sufl'or such persecution as our fore fathers endured, but we were commanded to take up the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God ; we need to be roused to a pro per sense of our duty. Ho hnd no doubt that in seasons of blessed visitation from above, tho members of the church were filled with a holy zeal for the prosperity of the Redeemer's king dom ; but they too often wont home from the. means of grace, slumbered upon their couches, and next morning forgot their protestations of fidelity instead of pursuing the petitions wo offer from time to time. He hoped that in the effort they were about to make, they would en deavour to get rid of the deficiency of which the Rev. Mr. Piddington had spoken. (Hear, hear.) Tho R.ev. W. Kulynack who, on rising, was warmly received, said ho had some doubts con corning the propriety of making a long speech when half a dozen smaller speeches— from dif ferent people — would be more likely to accom plish the object in view. During the. sittings of the last Melbourne Conference, at tho China breakfast meeting, a popular speaker was about to addreas the meeting when the chairman pulled the tail of his coat and requested him not to make his speech until the money required to be raised was obtained. Ho did not think they would have to go so far as that, for if tho New castle people were only half as liberal as their minister had said they w re, they would not only raise the sum now asked lor but would make it £100, so as to leave a sort of nest egg. Ho was extremely glad to meet them all that evening in their beautiful church, and he was very much pleased with tho remarks addressed to them by the Kev. Mr. Pepper. Ho (Mr. Kelynack) would follow them up with somo further obser vutions on tho same subject. They were often told that thd great lack of tho Church in the present day was that of power. This was the aunt of its enemies as well as the confession of its friends, and there was no disguising the fact. Now, some people believed that the only remedy for this state of things was to bo found in in creased exertion in the pulpit, and were of opinion that when each pulpit was occupied by a Chrysostom, that only then would the evil be properly and effectually dealt with. Now, he did not wish to bo understood as in any way dis couraging the cultivation of pulpit talent, yet ho believed that the pulpit was not the place for a pious dunce, but rather that its occupant should bo enabled to keep abreast of the intellectual march of the times, and should bring with them the frankincense and myrrh of thought and dedi cate it to the furtherance of the Redeemer's kingdom. But pulpic ability was not nil they required ; it was only when intellectual power wns combined with consecration to God, nnd, iu addition to that, a deep sense of individual re sponsibility on the part of the members, that* ley might expect prosperity, dome people thought that the agencies of the church should be multiplied, and that the network of tho church's operations should bo stretched, so as to include every case and win every heart. Pul pit oratory may bo very good ; but too often people came, to bo pleased rather than profited, and to have their tastes gratified rather than their conscience probed. There was too much of the spirit which said, 'I am of Paul,' or 'I am of Apollos,' or 'I am of Cephas,' and not enough of ' J nm of Christ.' Thus it .was with them, instead of looking upon the truth as S reached to them from time to time as tho me ium through which tho voice of God spoke to them ; and if they would thus accept the mes sage they heard from weok to week, they would obtain the . Pentecostal grace, nnd with it the Pentecostal increase He trusted that they would bo able, before separating to-night, to wipe off the debt of which Mr. Piddington had spoken ; then they would be enabled to go home, perhaps with lighter purses, but with gladder hearts. (Applause.) A collection wns then made, and tho sum raised iu cash and promises amounted to £103, so that not only was the amount required raised, but there wns a considerable surplus loft to meet contingent expenses. On the motion of the Rev. R. M'Keown, seconded by the Rev. Mr. Piddington, a cordial vote of (hanks wns pnssed to the church choir nnd to the Indies who had presided at the tea tables. Mr. J. B. Wiuship moved a vole of thanks to the Rev. W. Kelynaek, for his kindness in visit ing us, and for the eloquent discourses of the previous Sunday, and the beautiful speech of that evening. Ho expressed a hope that, before long, Mr. Kolynack would come and reside with them permanently. Mr. J. Martin, iu seconding tho resolution, expressed the warm attachment ho felt for Mr. Kelynack, who was his first religious adviser in this colony ; and he look occasion lo emphati cally deny a statement that had been circulated outside the church, to the effect that he had crept clandestinely into Methodism in this colony. Tho resolution was put and enrried with accla mation. The Roy. W. Kelynack suitably acknowledged the compliment, and was glad that Mr. Martin had given him an opportunity of contradicting the statement referred to. Such n statement was absolutely untrue, as Mr. Martin had brought with him from .England his proper cre dentials, upou which ho was at once received and admitted by the church. A vote of thanks was then accorded to the chairman. This Mr. Thomas appropriately acknowledged, nnd the meeting closed with tho doxology and benediction. During the evening the church choir, under tlieconduelorship of Mr. Hale, sang some beauti ful anthems. 