ARRIVAL OF THE MOOLTAN V, WITH ENGLISH MAILS. T]hTs.' x '3£ooltan arrived on Monda}- mom- TOgjidafte*'. a very .^protracted passage. 'Owing-., to the. slow passage of tlie Mool- ^r/^tiie Californian mail news is in advance 1 tjiaj..])y th^Suez. r^te* )i4 spiteflfji.-^giit hu£||&P;^ta^rfteftrawd ^ ree iston ifecofidii. si' '-.in .-xotow Jo bnoJ ? Wt*!4flake extr^ts Ji fr6ffl 9 H6me files, og/ii^gl •tMM-ef^fip^SSlRICA. WENDELL PHILLIPS bN, FROUDE. Wtfyjie ^^m^i^dverUser.) jTHE Course last " eveai^ was delivered by Mr. Wen- J " T Wjj|s r. oujjtjher subject^" Some Inferences ^gjle."',^ TJig^attendance was large— j.muc^Iarg^-tiia^' Jisual, and . the Enthusiasm, jrhgfj j^rfj^Jypps, paid his glowing tributes to vtlic J character' of the Irish people, was frequently ^nd^g^.manifeste^t^TJiedecture was in substance fis follows:— ! ° !3 —I am to offer to you one'.jQ^ijw^ suggestions touching Mr. Froude's •lectures on the" relations of Great Britain and ^^^^.^^^d^.ctuiicyiere argiie his case J^ja'ej^&i.;'people as a jury, and in my ff-'ing^you -lend me jofn^l^jfl^^lli^jg a verdict. It was a great English scholar's view of wle^jgimffig^ ^jfcbetweeii England and r Iiielanbd';ij'jt^me deeply interesting ,to ^pj^gfijjlitcratare and politics, jind'"fhg Iniefe^ti" jK^gyleep^ned into gratitude.- wheii w^J^^nOTpi^iCTMpose he^a.ve the receipts 1 j of those'lectures .to the ..sjdffierers-/of our great, conflagration". . I- was grafifi^d, also, at thechannel which' ie chose,.fejrhis^drjessrt^/.the. American people—thie lj£pj^.'-It^^;a Lmarked ! recognition pf this newt fi»i;um-fcif th^public discussion of "great national questions, it was a compliment, well deserved, to the impartiality and intelligence of the audiences which make up the great' American lyceuin. Of course, being Froude, it. was brilliant and picturesque in narrative, graphic, instructive, and if he did not bring us many new facts, at least in the manner in which he told old ones he revealed the mood, the temper of mind, with which England looks at the question, to-day, and that of itself is a great revelation. Home Took said once, when Gibbon wrote his autobiography, that a man who had anything to conceal, ought to do anything rather than write his own life, that he should beg his worst enemy to write it before he trusted the unconscious betrayal of what he would have been but too willing to conceal. So I think in the mode, in the standpoint, in the whole inspiration of these fine testimonies to the relation of Great Britain and Ireland, wc have thejlatest and the most authentic and the most trustworthy declaration of the mode in which the leading Englishmen of to-day regard the Irish question. We all.had reason to expect a scholar's treatment, to expect that he would bring order out of chaos, that the tangled web - of this Irish history which had confused all students and puzzled the most patient inquirer, would be straightened out and cleared up. For one, I never expect ed the exact statement, the close narrative, the logical sequence, or the instinct of the historian, for I think it cannot be said that Mr. Froude has ever written anything that deserves the name of history. Fairly judged, he is a fervid, brilliant, and earnest writer of party pamphlets; and grouping together these whole fine presentations of the Irish question, after all they are so discordant, so partisan, so fragmentary, aud so onesided, that it only rims iu the line with the .character of his whole literary work. If he had 'not had occasion to name frequently the O'Conuells, the O'Neills, the Fitzgeralds, the Geraldines, the Clairs, aud the Desmonds, I should hardly have known, as I listened, that it was an Irish story. In my hasty way I have had occasion to study somewhat at length the history of Ireland in its relations to the British,, Government, and I confess, with the exception of the dates land the names, I should not have re^l cognised the pieture which the brilliant essayistc drew. I remember once Mrs. Butler read for us. a striking extract from " Marmion." I have declaimed it, , listened to it, sung it, and crooned it over a hundred . .tiine.s, and when I heard it announced it seemei to me it would be but a tame piece to listen to ; but when the deep studied and unequalled voice, and that soul that .permeates all her public readings, gave me the ;piece anew, I thought . I had never seen it all. So when I listened to this history,, of Froud-e's, taking out the names and the dates, I did no.t recognise the story. No doubt, it was fair enough to England. With rare justice, he painted her as black as she deserved. TbfA iB f : honestly to be said. But having given jiltto broad, liberal, black pigment to the vas, he took it all off and brightened -lines." As it was said of 'Joshua'Reynolds, that he would proclaim an artist the fiist' of painters, ; and then in detail deny him every quality of the artist, so Froude, having told;us in a sentence of marvellous frankness that Elizabeth was chargeable with every fault that a ruler could commit, that she lacked every quality of a worthy ruler, went on piece by piece to say that in no other possible way but the one she took could she have met the exigencies of her reign. Then, when you turn to Ireland,-every statement, I think, of the Englishman is false, false in this sense, that it clutched at every idife tale which reflected upon Ireland, while it subjected td just and merciless scrutiny every story that-told agiiinst England. He painted the poverty, the anarchy, the demoralisation, the degradation of Ireland for the last three centuries, as if it stood out exceptional iii Europe, as if every other kingdom was bright, and this was the only dark and disgusting spot on the continent; whereas he knew, aud would not if questioned, have denied, that the same poverty, the same j-eckless immorality, the same incredible ignorance which he attributed to the population of Ireland was true of France at that day, true of- England at the same • period, truer still of Scotland at every date that .he named. And then, when he came to the public men of Ireland, he painted them monsters of corruption, steeped in the utpiost subserviency, in the most entire readiness to traffic for votes and principles, when he knew that, all that that being granted, these men were only toiling and panting in their narrow capacity to lift themselves up to the level of the corrup- tion of their English brothers. [Applause]. He painted every leading Irishman but Grattan either as a noisy demagogue or a childish sentimentalist, and even Grattan, when he had said that he was honest, he finally ended him by painting him as a simpleton. I know that you can pick out of his lectures, here and there; & just sentence of acknowledgment; but- I aiu endeavouring to give the result of all the discourses—the impression that would be lefton the patient listener after hearing them all. Now, it seems to me that all this indicates the partisan, the. pamphleteer; the pleader of a caiuse, nOt an impartial searcher after a great truth, or the generous and frank acknowledgment of a great national error. Some men were surprised- that ail Englishman should bring to this country a question apparently of so little interest as the Telatiohs of Ireland, but it would be • only a superficial thinker that would be led into that mistake. The relations of Ireland are the-gravest, the most important feature of England's political life. Eight years ago I was hissedin Cooper Institute for having said that England was a second-rate jx>wer on the chessboard of Europe, but- to-day her journalists have ceased to deny the fact, and are -engaged in an explanation of why she is so. And the two great influences which have made her Jail from a first-class power is the neglect and oppression of her own masses and seven centuries and infamous oppression iii Ireland. Mr. Froude told' us with epigrammatic iforce and great- truth, that the wickedness of natioiis was always punished,' that no matter now long Providence waited, in the eiid the wickedness of a race was answered by the punishment of their descendants. England has held, for seven centuries to the lips of her sister Ireland a poisoned chalice. Its ingredients were the deepest contempt, the most-unmeasured. oppression, injustice, such as the world hardly ever saw before. As Mr. Froude said, Providenee to day is holdiiig back that saine cup to the lips of the mother country, which has within a dozen years felt the deep punishment, of her long injustice to Ireland. Ten years ago, when Germany pressed to the wall the small kingdom of Denmark which gave to -England her Princess of Wales, England longed to- draw her sword ; when two years ago Bismarck snubbed her in the face of all Europe, y again and again insulted her, smote her actually in the face, England longed to draw her sword, but she knew right well that the first cannon she fired at any first-rate power Ireland would stab her in the back. Checkmated, she cannot move on the chessboard of the great powers, and one of the great causes of this sudden crippling of her powers is the Irish question. I do not wonder at all that the thoughtful Englishman should long to explain to the world, if he can, how the steps by which his country has been brought to this step have been inevitable, that by no wit of statesmanship, by no generosity of high-toned and magnanimous honour could she have avoided the path in which she is treading. If Mi - . Froude could make out that proposition, if he could convince the- world through the American people that England accepted the inevitable fate which the geographical proximity of Ireland had entailed upon her, it would have gone:half way to wipe out the clots on his country's fame. I no not wonder he should make the attempt. I believe that instead of England having conquered Ireland, that in the true, essential statement of the case, as it stands to-day, Irelandefaas 1 '•fefi'nquered England. She has sum- mon edoteiR®effete the bar of the civilised world to jud^bfhtsjfastice of her legislation ; she haa checknmtra power on the chessboard of Europe; she has monOpolised the attention of her statesmen; - she has made her own island the .-pivot upcaiiwhieh tihSmestiny of England turns, and her last great statesman and present Prime iMinister, Mr. Gladstone; owes : whatever fame he ohas to the supposition that at last he has devised a way by which he can conciliate Ireland and save his own country. But in all the presentations of the case it seems to me' that our. English friend has been a partisan and hot a judge. Letrme illustrate in one or two instances what I consider the justice of this charge. The population- of -"Ireland, previous to 1811, is wholly matter of guess. Th'ere never was a census till after this century had opened. Sir William Pettie, Tynes Morrison, the secretary of Lord Mountjoy, and others have formed an estimate at ._differeut periods of the population of Ireland. Now, what I charge as a proof of partisanship is rihat whenever it served his purpose to adopt a •small guess in order to eixcuse an English in- 'justice or to bear hardly down on the critical condition of the Irish, he Mas' ialways selected the smallest possible estimate. Whenever it i served Ms purpose, on the contrary, to exaggerate the moral inefficiency of the Irish people, the divided councils, the quarrelsome generationSj tbe. totally inefficient race, : com- ;paredwjthsome interval of English rule, he has .alwiays:adopted the largest guess.; For instance, the historian's estimate of the population of Ireland-was made about the year 1600, the begin-- .ning of the seventeeth century, which was made i iby Tynes Morrison, i He puts it at from 500,000 Jo =600,000.: -Mr. Froude, adopts this when he .••wants -to say that James in-confiscating six of vtiielbest counties in Ireland and settling on them -his followers, was not very harmful; because he says, there were very:few inhabitants in Ireland,; and room- enough^ a great many more. 1 do not see myself ~ by what principle he would justify a despot in confiscating the counties of :Essex, Suffolk, Norfolk. Middlesex, Bristol, "-. and Worcester, turn out all .the inhabitants, 1 and give the property to aliens, because ..there was a' , great deal of vacant land ^Jin > Nebraska.! " (Laughter and applause.) - I i -do not see any • exact moral principle. Then he .brings us down -to 1641-49,' the" era when Cromwell, with 14,000 troops, subdued Ireland. Then it is his purpose as an advocate to swell ' Ireland into large proportions, and show you' a -.great people swept like a herd of stags before -/One single powerful English hand. Then he •tdls you that Sir WiSliam Pettie has estimated the population of Ireland in 1641 at a million and a half of human beings, an estimate which • Hallam calls .prodigiously vain, and it is one of Tihe most marvellous estimates in history. Here was an island,poverty-stricken, scourged by war, " robbed of its soil, and still it had trebled in -population in about thirty- eight years, when with.all our multitudinous and uncounted emijgration, with all our swelling prosperity, with all .our.industry and peace, with all our fruitful ..lands and no touch of war—with all this, it took our. countrymore time than that to treble. It took .France 166, years to treble, but this povertyiStricke^ rwar-riddeni decimated, starved race, . trebled ; in - a ..fBarter the time. However, haying put down that point, the advocate goes on in order, to exaggerate the trebled immortality and, frightful•-fratricidal nature of Irish .life,. and tells :yo,u that in the next-nine years ;t£is curious population, which has trebled four Jimes quicker, than any nation in Europe, lost rfiWiPp6;in; the wars. How the wars became so -much more jdangerous and bloody and exhaustive -iiihese nine years than in the thirty- eight before, ' nobody explains. He tells us there were 900,000" -.men,,women, and children, when Cromwell came "to Ireland. These. 900,000 were the old, the ;young, .the women, the decrepit, the home- .-keepers.. Cromwell landed with 14,000 men, and ihow ma ay did he meet? How many did this population send out to meet hiin ? Two hundred .thousand men ! Eveiy other man in the island went put., When France elevated herself with gigantic, energy to throw back the utter disgrace of Geiman annihilation, how many men did she;.put into-the field? One in fifty. When .Germany, [moved to the contest • for the imrperiai- dignity of Europe, raised all her power to crush France in that: terrible struggle, how .many did she raise? One: in thirty-five. When .the South,: in her terrible conflict with us, ,was said to have emptied everything but her game-yards into -the camps, how many did ,she send out? One in twenty. But this {•poverty , stricken, . decimated, women and children .population, went out one in four! (Laughter.) Mr. Froude uses a pet figure in reference to the Irish armies, saying " they melted •i.way like snow-drifts." Cromwell's stern expel;pevi<ince at Drogheda, Kilkenny, Wexford, and .Clonmelj does not tend to support the theories of ;£he English .essayist. It took Cromwell two 'years of. butchery and bloodshed to conquer Ireland, and even then he dared not leave her until . Ulster betrayed its chief; but Scotland, high- , toned, united, chivalrous—Mr. Froude's ideal countiy-—was conquered, without any treachery, in six months ! Is that like " a snowdrift ?" If so, then Scotland, at any rate, was more like it -than was Ireland. The Englishman asserts that the Ireland of 1782 was unfit for the. work of self-government under Grattan, and needed English intervention. There never was on the :face of the earth a more corrupt tody than the English Parliament at that very time. One of its most noted statesmen had risen to eminence on the dishonour, of his sister, who had become the mistress of the King. Every man in it had his hand ready for a bribe. And these were the .men who came down like angels to save Ireland • and her Parliament? If corruption implies an incapacity for self-government, Mr. Froude ,w,as- .out of place with his theory in the city of New York, where three years •ago, it would have required a brighter lan- .tern than that of Diogenes to discover an honest man. How should we have borne it if 1 Tweed had lived in 1790, and some Englishmen had proposed that the sons of George HI., with their mistresses, should;come over here, and the members, of the House of Commons, and help New York to a better government ? At all events the O'Neills and O'Donnells can wash their hands •clean of the charge of having sold Ireland, for this, it done at all, was done by Protestants,.and by them alone. The Irish people never gave up fthe-, fight. Compare their history with that of Poland. . Thelatter was ground under the, heel •.of Russian oppression, and yielded after seeing .their hopes crushed out in blood. But Ireland endured English- tyranny for seven, centuries: her peasantry were faithful to their ancient .chieftains; and,.they never abandoned the hope .of- their national, freedom. Peel,- the English premier, confessed that Ireland could be ruled only by force. It is my convict-ion that the American people mill agree with vie in sayiny •that when, after seven hundred years of trial, any people -cannot rule another except by the £ivprd, tJiey are boimd to give it up ! The Engiish/lectnorer.asseits'.that Ireland, if emancipated, would' in a few years be bankrupt and sunk in anarchy. If that be true, who is in fault for it? If a man were gagged, tied, and forcibly put on hoard a vessel bound to New Orleans, 1 and if m mid-ocean the captain-suddenly deciding that he had no right to kidnap the man, should take 'off his bonds and drop him into the sea—if that •liberated prisoner-should drown, whose fault would it be? - Ireland rebelled after the death of O'Conhell. and, were I an Irishman, 1, too, would rebel ! England can never forget Ireland. for Ireland haunts her dreams, enters into her Cabinet councils, seals her sword to her scabbard, iriakes or mars the reputations of herstatesmen. At last, taught the truths^of the statesmanship of Grattan and O'Connell, Gladstone advocates conciliation ; Disraeli stands by his side, uses the same arguments, and England's scholars come,-here to seek for a verdict— a salve to that conscience" which can know no rest, haunted by-the ghosts of Elizabeths and Henrys that have made the blood of Saxon race infamous on the records .of history. England's code has always been either coercion or extermination; Her rule has met with a heroic resistance/for Ireland;' even -with no hope, to cheer her, and with defeat alone inscribed upon her banners, has clung with unshaken fidelity to her national. right.. • England: ;has essayed to prove, through seven centuries of blood and massacre, that Ireland is unable to take care of ^herself, but that she requires an English parliament to do it for her.. I say^ Let Ireland try! The rule of the Sword -is-a failure J" And even if the new experiment, should fail, the fault would be, not in, the Irish character, but in the oppressive, inhuman' legislation 5 'of : the heartless; merciless Saxon race. At the : close' of ;this = brilliant- lecture Mr. Phillips was greeted with applause. , 