MISCELLANEOUS. Why is a man who starts a now thing like n toetoialer? Because he is an 'orrici-uin- hater." A friend wrote to another, " Dear Bob, — j. win no ivitn you, 1j. v „ on Tuesday, but,- if not, will.be suie lo come on Wednes day." ' - " ' ;' A Pact ! People who suffer from toothache often pass a night of mourning. "What will yon take me for, cabby'-' asked fat Mrs. Brown. " For a regular twiilvo stunner, ma'am," said the cabman, politely. Improving the Occasion : " Never put off till to morrow what you cau do to-day, deir Tommy, said mama. "Then lot's finish up the plum-pudding to-night," said the sweet; child. AnEffectivo (piece) maker: A bull in. a china shop. . Painful Suspense : Hanging. , A lame soldier halts when ha marches,' A Bad Glass lor the Eyes : Your sixth glass of hot braudy-aud-watcr. Even if you are in a huiry, jou used hot drink your tea with n fork. Ought you to reckon a dog'B worth by'what he will-fetch or what ho will bring ? It makes all tbo difference if you pat Dr. before instead of after a man's name. . "A bumper nt parting," as tho drunken man said when ho ran tip against the post. A Stook- in-Trade Ilosiory. The Best Flowers for Winter Wefir : Fnrze. Be temperate in diet : our first parents ate themselves ont of houso and home. An Estate in "1'iil Mail:" A post office order in-a late packet boat. Poor Jones say3 he always gives Mrs. J. her own way, because it is the only thing he has to give her. 1 _ Tho Home Circuit : Walking about with baby in the night. Though yon may out your hair for many- years, in the oud it is Buro to out yon. Some men who are reported "to live on. their wits" must live on very limited pro mises. Certain ill-conditioned working men, "who wish for a republic, do so, per baps, because they have l ot a sovercigu betwien them. " I'm the page that's always red," said the hoy in buttons with carroty hiir. When has a man a ghost of a chance of appeasing his appetite ? When he's a gqblia' up anything. The man who was hungry, and told to bolt his door, said he would much rather bar it, Are grape shots made from mnsket-tells. The innst diffiault gun to keep clean : A fouliog piece. The regular Christmas Tide : That whiah flows round Christmas Island. Impertinent men : Thoso who manufacture sauce from eheck- ory. A little bo, on bciog threatened with v whipping, hnng his head. Paterfamilias says tho only thing that continues to fall m the rain I The gardener who gratted a ohesuut to a box tree fouud it only pro-luaed large trunksl ' C»n a t'ning which decreases' be said to grow ? Certainly ; elso why tbo time- honored sentiment, " May your shadow never grow less Fainsdale Placo, Madolinc-slreat, Carlton, 20th December, 1872. — Messrs. Williams and Co. — Gentlemen ; I have much pleasure in testifying to the magic effects of your Rye Lotion upon my infant son, fivo months old, suffering from acute inflammation of both oyos. In three days, after six applications of tbe lotion, the eyes arc restored to perfect health. No family should i o without it. — I am, geutlomen, yoursj respectfully, . D. Miller. -. ; 