ADEoLAonDE.-Monday.-A pio0 trooper at " Crook reports a new disoovry of oxtrnord richness at Winn's claim, ~e roof is said r nine feet deep and two wide Competbnt judge ?i the average at 100 oz. toýne tono. There is no alluvial.—Tuesday.—A man named Slape has com mitted suicide in gaol. The verdict of the jury at the inquest was felo de se.—Sales of wheat, for delivery in all January, hVo been made at'4e. 2&di.; millers' parcels (immedi"1 dolivery) are soldat'4a. 3d. per bushol.-MoKipLY, the erploror, died this afternoon.-Telegramas Sydney daily papers. AN ADVENTURE oP THE ROAD:-On, Sponday morning at about one)'clook whbon? Malone'esmail coach was on its way jom Goulburn to Braidwood, and when about six s from' the former plaop, a stray horse took it iat to head to frateroige with the leader, and kept upf ning alongside, but at eaoh flash of lightning, ioh was extremely vivid, the brnto used to ba bck amongst the ohoolers. Youong Brummy, a coaohman, had no passaeosgors with him, but notolloving in ghosts-although the stray horse was Ighite ono"and rather spooetrolook ing-and morooa not being very easily put off his equilibrium, hoe pped the thong of his whip pretty heavily upon to stranger, who would roesme his place alongasi the loading horse 'auntil again startled by thrightunig, when hoewould ones more fall beca, U', to be soundly dressed down again with the whi This wont on for about soevonmiles until the *fs were passed and the open; country reahed, n Brummy turned off Intotthoirbush, and by so dodged the grey'spoetro which had beep bar g him for so manymiles, ad 'which tmpra tht.-Braidwood Dispatch, IniPO DBD AT M aRusiMlnURRAna, on 20th Deadm. bher, f Hardon, by J. Roberts, Esq., J.P.; sum doo, 6d.:-Brown horse, JO near shoulder, like 2 ro? d noar thigh, star, sorte bak, broken, aged. To bld 10th January. UNDER T rMORANoAREkLL, Onathe 24th8Docenm bar "om Lake Oowl; sum' duo, sot after :each niI :-Grey hoieb,;oollar.markod, soars on orump, likpD over like RT over B over HA over A near dot, broken, agod;, 16 'behands-12s.; heenut , WP near shoulder-lls. d.; brown .mare, ,A (writing capital) neis shoulder=llz' Od,; +wen mare, star,' hort taill :.noia sboalder, W off oldor-11. 0 Od, ; ohesnut horse, bald faoe, off fore ot white, WI over T near.shoulder, broken,' ged, 3\. 'hands-llsi Od. ;ohosnut nimro, bald faoo, JR ,'bho JR ?o?njolned sideways) near eloulder, 'I over i±N oI shoulder-i ,e. Bd. ocheent minrdt J' near shoulder,- over S oder, - near thigh, brosien; agd, 16 hands-14s. 8d.; foal at foot; bay more,, star, JR sideways off shouldor--11. Gd.; choenut' more, dark spot on thigh, WL near. shoilderl-14e,'Sd.; ohesonut foal at footl hay mare, hind'feet whito, T ov.or c off shoulder--lls. Od.; ibayicob, near hind foot white, TF conjoined- revrsiod near and off ahouldor--ll. 0d. To be sold 16th'January ,... IMPOUNDED 'AT BoUNeion on, .on 24thDeeoomber, from the Lagoon; sum due sot after oaoh cnimial- Bay horse, brokoni, docked tall, whit 'stripe'down faoo, off hind foot white, like '- over JT.o over DR near shoulder, aged, 148 'hands-14a.-Also, 'from Top Flat, on 27th Decombor:-Yellow heifer; whito back and belly, both ears marked, Pc over liko writing eapittcl W near rump, T in otrole near thigh--8s. ' To be sold:on 16th January. • ' ", '. . IMPoUsnD 'AT BEOA, on 18th .DOedmer, 'from Obhalk Hills, Wolumla; sum duo, 12e. i-White'grey horse, ,G or JCO or jO on near shouldor, snips To he sold on 10th January. IMPOUNDED AT BunnowA, on 24th Dooember, from Oastlestoads sum due, 14e. Od. oach :-Blaok filly, H near shoulder; yellow bay filly, KB or R bidgways in olrole near and off shoulders, 0 near thigh, star and snip, near hind foot white. To be sold on 16th January. IMrouNDaD AT TUMBAoUMBA, on the 21st Deoom. bor, from Copabolla; num duo eot after oaoh animal:--Roan mars, W'A near shoulder, S'A off shoulder, aged, 15 hands-12s.; brown pony maro, 00 near shoulder, aged, 14 hande--7. 4d.; bay horse foal, unbrandod, progeny, 3 monthe--e7. 4d To he sold 16th January. IMPOUNDED Ar EreaINOTOrN, on 21at Deooomber, from Bello View farm, by James O'Brlon, Esq.; sum duoe, 8s. oaoh :-OChesnt maro, star and stripe, BD near shoulder, aged, 13 hands; young foal at foot; black yourling colt, no brands viciblo brown,' star, shod on the hind foot, 'collar marked, hind log whito, O off shouldor, blotohod brand like s R oonjoined over S near shouldor, 14 hands; bay horse, eaddle-marlked, pulled tall, no brands vislble, 1l3 hands I bay mare, star and snip, hang tail, j (conjoined) noear shoulder, 141 hands; bay mnro, star, long toil, liko J over writing capital W or tU near shoulder; brown yearling eolt, tb over I noar shoulder. To bo sold Oth January. IMPouNDDu AT COOTAMUNDIY, on 21st Doeomber, from Oungoong Orook, 'by Mr. S. Milan; sum duo, I8. OGd, each:-Brown horseo, ,WP over P' noar shoulder, dockeld tall, ear marked, broken; bay pony, EJ noear shouldor, hind foot shod, saddle-marked; bay horse, 1 over JA. near shoulder, broken.- Alseo, on 26th, from Stoolinbongoe (West Ououmbla), by order of the euporlntondant; aum, duo Os. 3dt--Brown horse, DR2 near shoulder,, throo white foot, star,'broken, To he sold 16tli January. ! MAUAVILL& O00OA.-Opinione of the Proaes- " Thoeo who havo not yet tried Mravrilla will do well to do eo."-Morning Pont. "It mayjuetly'bs onlled the prfeootion of proparod Coooa, -Britils Modical Journal. . MABAVILLA 0000A.-The Gloho aaye, 'a , 'r Brotheor' Maravilla COooa ha nelhioved a tho d a. ,e Iucons, and suporedeoa overy other ooooa in tho market. Entire solubility, a dellateo aroma, and a rare coneoontration of the piureet eluemonts of nutrition, distilguish the iIaravilla Oocoa above all otheor. For Invalido and D'ynpoptio, woe oulid not recommend a moro agreoablo or valhnlolo boveragn." HOM(EOPATHIO COOOA.-Tliot onriginal proparak tion, clewhichl Inot attained niola a world.wide reputation it inanccufcottired icy L'AYLOlR IlItOTIIEIS under thoe bluel hlomrcopathoin a lvion aided by thie nlill and expirionnc of thel incvoiitorn, inld ill be found to omnblicinc ian > olnincnt dlngroo the pmoity, finon aroma, ancd nutritiocn properly of tlhe fre(is nut. BOLUBLE OIJIOOOLLA'.TI, Ilcnloa il onev nicicto with. oult lcoilinc. 'Thlie iabnvlc rtliclcu nreo propnred exolll. nivoly ly 't'laylor IDrotlhirn, thlc lhrg(icut m onufcoeturere in EIiuropo, and nlold in tit-linoid pIekeoto only, by ntoroikocporn nitld ohicern ell over .liho world, Steam Millc, Ilriol; Liuco, Eixport Olioory hilln, London. Ilrciug(, Ioligium.-AnvT'. 6321 