LEARNED PRATTLE BUT NOT TATTLE. Solomon, a talkative Wiseacre. Stodge, a Ninny ( his profound Admirer). Solomon — There's a thing called a "Squat- ter, squatting like a nightmare upon New SouthWales : it is clad in fleece; it is girt about with hides ; it shines sleek in tallow ; it swallows sheep like a boa - constrictor ; it sucks the fatness out of the fields ; it picks the eyes out of the land ; where it settles, there no other being can exist : it whisks the free-selector away with its tail ; it blasts the gold-miner with its breath. As a moth flutters down upon your dress-coat, and eats and eats until the coat is like the one garment of the Wan dering Jew at the Day of Judgment ; as a mouse gnaws a hole in your Double Glo'ster, and nibbles and nibbles till the cheese is gone ; as a rabbit burrows in your garden till the turnips and cabbages wither, and the fences fall in ; as a drop of ink spreads a piece of blotting-paper ; as a hole in your stocking widens from day to day, unravelling the worsted thread by thread, till the whole thing is gone, warp and woof, from toe to calf ; as a small black cloud in the south comes tumbling up, big with the Southerly Buster, till it covers the land like the parasol of Glumdalclitch ; as the genie in the Arabian Nights, when the cork was taken out of the bottle which held him, swelled and grew till his head touched the skies ; so does the squatter grow, and soak up, and cover, and eat, and burrow under, and spread over the land round about him. He devours the free-selectors as the Dragon of Wantley ate up houses and churches. " For houses and churches were to him geese and turkeys," as the ballad says. He scares them away with Dummies and with "ghosts." But, as More of More Hall went out from Sheffield to fight the Dragon, so do Baker and Jack Smith arm them selves now to combat with the Squatter. And as Don Quixote knocked into a thousand cocked hats the puppets of Master Peter the Show man—King Marsilius, the Emperor Charlemagne, Don Gayferos, Melisendra, and all the Moors in Sansuena,— so will the valorous and doughty Baker sweep off the face of the earth the " Wellingtons, Sir Robert Peels, Jack Sheppards, Dick Turpins, Pitts, Lanky Raf- fertys," and other "ghosts" that are " revisiting the glimpses of the moon " up at Myall Creek. Stodge. Quite so. See Inverell Dispatch. 