WESLEYAN METHODISM.—No. 4. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. —Yours, &c.;, WESLEYAN. SIR, —Having shown, I hope, satisfactorily to un prejudiced people that there were but two classes of officers in tho early Church, the itinerants and the elders and deacons, who were appointed to the over- sight of the Churches established, it remains for me to show that the leaders, local preachers, and stewards of the Wesleyan Church are dc facto the same officers, possessing all the qualifications, and charged with the same duties as the Hew Testament elders and deacons, and therefore are in justice entitled to all the privi leges of the eldership. Ido not suppose that any one ryill contend that a name determines the nature of a thing. A rose called by any other name would not only smell as sweet, but would still possess all the essential qualities that constituted it what it is; a different nomenclature does not vitiate or destroy essential attributes of character or of office. If, there fore, I can show that the officers in the Church are called to tho discharge af the same duties, and if they aye proven' to poaa'ess the same qualifica tions’as the bishops, elders, and deacons of tho Pri mitive Church, then I claim for them, though known by different names, like, consideration. And in their name I protest against any of .their rights being with held and usurped by others, duties of those officers ip the Hew Testament may be. expressed in two words—they were to instruct 'and govern. In' I. Timothy, chap- hi., the apostle details minutely the qualifications and works of bishops and deacons; they •were to be men of blameless moral character, apt to teach—able' to instruct otheya. Tpet "It h,e ob served tlrat thlsj' V 'quali’hcatiqn required yn aU elders'; they are ‘to b'e lien well Instrqcted 96 as to be ftbte'td communist? instruction to, qthetig, j the more it is maintained in'certain quarters that some elders are authorised to rule, but not to teach; hilt there is ho Biich’distinction made in-the Scriptures-rrdhe office demanded aptness to teach. No onequestions] but] that the; apostolic bishops were authorised to'preach and administer the sacraments, and it it is conceded that; bishop, and elder are identical,, where is the authority: to forbid the elders of our Church from doing likewise! ; It is readily admitted that all the elders] of the Hew Testa- - ment Church did not exercise the function of teach ing as preachers, not because they were|not entitled to it, but some being more gifted than, others, the less gifted gave way to the more, acceptable' and most highly endowed. They)acted upon the principle of fa division' of labor.' In, some;-of’ the ‘Presbyteriani Churches the elder is looked•; upon as a mere - layman, whose duty is simply to assist the minister to rule and' govern the Church. This is substantially what Mr Wesley and the conference regarded the local preachers and class leaders as. I have no doubt that had Mr Wesley’s life been crowned by another decade or two of. years, and had he determined, to, .form,an indepen dent Church’he would h’ave seen hotv illogicaland‘ini congruous it was to invest men with; spiritual func tions and duties, and to withhold from them the privileges pertaining ‘to their office.-’ But’it is' a fact that after Mr Wesley’s death the conference made no advance; there has been no- progress;since his day. There has been no development, no growth of liberal ideas, for while many concessions have been made, they have been conceded to agitation and pressure. In the English conference there have always been two parties, the High Church and the Liberal. But the former has always been the most influential, and has given tone to all its legislation. The only good thing coming out of the reform movement of 1849, perhaps, has been the weakening if not the overthrow of this influence. . The .elders of the New.. Testament were men divinely ordained to rule, to feed the flock, to warn them that were unruly, to comfort the feeble minded, &c.; (1 Thess., v., 12). “ Take heed, - therefore, unto yourselves, and to all the flock; over' the which the Holy Ghost hath made you, overseers,” &c.; (Acts, xs. 28). Without multiplying quotations, let us see how exactly the duties of class leaders coincide with this. The business of a leader is thus defined:—“To see each person in his class once a ■ week '-at least, in order to enquire how their'souls' prosper; to advise, reprove, comfort, or exhort, as occasion may require.” In the Pastoral Address of 1822, we meet with this language:—“Wo hope that our class leaders will endeavor to watch over the souls committed to their care, as those who are to give an account to the Great Shepherd,” &c.; Is not this language an echo of Peter’s? “ The elders which are among you I exhort. . . Feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the oversight thereof, &c.;, and when the .Chief Shepherd shall appear, ye shall receive a crown of glory' that fadeth not away.” The pastoral office of the class leaders ia thus spoken of by Stevens:—“The class leaders appointed by the pastor (for their duties are pastoral) inspected the society individually and weekly,” &c.; Again, “ The Methodist itinerancy could never have secured the moral discipline, or even the permanence of its societies, without the pastoral care of the class leader in the absence of the pastor, who at first was scarcely a day at a time in any one place.” The furthest thing from my purpose or wish in any way is to detract ■from the dignity and importance of the ministers of our Church. Yet, if the question is raised as to who arc the proper and real pastors of the Methodist people, I have no hesitancy in saying the class i leaders and not the itinerant preachers. If the preachers are the pastors of our Church, then the pastorate among us is the veriest farce and sham in existence. There are members of our Church in these Ballarat Circuits who have scarcely ever met a minister, many families whose houses the pastor has never entered. The complaint in all our churches is that the people never see the minister. I have been nearly twenty years in this colony, and we have scarce had a solitary pastoral visit. It has not been so with the class leaders; many of them have been most indefatigable in their pastoral oversight, and deep interest in my self and family. The ministers claim to discharge their pastoral functions by meeting the classes once a quarter, and giving the members who happen to attend on that occasion their quarterly ticket of membership, and further; by administering the sacraments. Let me ask men of sense, who is the shepherd, the man who dwells in the midst of the flock, moving among them, and sympathising with them in all their troubles and joys, or the man who is only known to the majority of the flock by a quar terly official visit? I would not be understood as blaming the ministers in this matter; their circuits cover too wide an area for them to discharge the duties of the pastorale. My quarrel with them is, that they withhold from the real pastors of our fold the rights and privileges of their office, and so far they “lord it over God’s heritage.” Such being the functions of the Wesleyan class leader, who has the authority to say to these divinely-appointed shepherds of Christ’s flock that they have no right to comme morate his death and promised advent by administer ing and partaking of the memorials of his passion without the intervention of a priest? If such preten sions are not priestism, what is? I am willing to admit it conduces to order to have these things done by one officer of the Church, but I deny that any class has a special right to do so, and I protest against the unscriptural assumption.- 