UTJEgTIONB AND ANSWERS. A subscriber who has a valuable dog ' that hag been at- - tacked with paralysis of the hind legs; desires to know how to proceed in order to effect a cure. Some of our readers may be able to give advice on the subject. We have heard of small doses of common table salt in water being efficaci ous ; but in any case the animal must be kept warm, and if external applications are used to arouse the local nervrous action, they should at first be applied to the lower part of the spine, not to the extremities. ' o. i.,iU0BH raie.— -ju uioiouuuus utreu ui uubbuooiuu uj. another person for full twenty years from the time your right of entry was acquired, and -that person has paid no rent, and given no acknowledgment of your right to the land, your claim to it is barred. You should ascertain by whom, and under what conditions, it has been occupied. Pick, Hill End.— The average earnings of gold miners in Victoria, in the year 1872, were— alluvial, £65 0s. 6|d. ; and quartz, £159 0s.6Jd. H. W.~ Moltheifl a German of Danish extraction. He , was born at Parchim, in Mecklenburg-Schwerin, his father being the Danish Lieutenant-General Yon Moltke. Australib would be much obliged if any readers of the Sydney Mail -would send her a written account of any Aus- . tralian legends, ghost stories, histories of bushrangers, or refugees, or characteristic stories, they may happen to know, and -which might prove useful as 'bricks' for poems or tales. Address 168, Alberto-terrace, Wootioofnooloo. - Inquirer, George-street.— The undermentioned rule is given by Dr. Angus Smith for fixing the amount of car bonic acid in the air of houses or rooms. Let the rooms be kept £o that-the air does not give a precipitate. When a 10$ oz. bottteful is shaken with half an ounce of clear lime water— a sanitary regulation which can easily be camel out. fur tt #i T ~_a.v_~a«i»,. i'«M«AiHtMiMif nn rntk nrmfiftfV systems of preserving meats, known as the chloride_of calcium process, has been patented in Victoria. His method is said is an easy and cheap manner of keeping the air from reaching the tins during the destruction ot tue vacuum, by keeping the steam jet always stronger than the air introduced. ? P. F.— A professor of music should not be asked to tune a pianoforte, it being considered tnfra. fig. ; teaching me use of the instrument and repairing it (tuning being nothing more or less) are very distinct vocations. J.M.— We have heard of the egg-boUer named ['The Whistler,' but believe it is scarcely suited for use ui the kitchens of private residences. The eggs are PV'*»m J copper cylinder to which is attached a whistle whicn, acrea on by the steam, indicates that the cooking is completed. M. A. M— Dextrine, a preparation from starch in the form of a white powder, is the best for finnf photographs in an album. It is made into a somewhat thick paste witn cold water, A. B., Ben Lomond.— An answer next week. J. F. Leith, Fish River.— Declined. The Araus says the discussion which arose upon the railway estimates ia committee of supply gave u^ Commissioner of Railways an opportunity ol men*?'1^ one or two agreeable facts. The working expenses in this financial year have been at the rate of 45 per xent, ^wluctt Sir. Gillies says is as low a rate ae eoold be shown on any railway in England. The revenue for the i samfl period will exceed the estimate made at the beginumg of Ihe Vear-£690,000--l)ttt by how much was notsMd. Next year it will be £750,000, probably even *7?0,000, ana 'in a few years there is hope that the returns will pay m» whole of the interest on the cost of construction. Cobba Poison.— Cobra tioison has been 'frs?*1?^? astoitsenduriog.actiottwhen takes frpm the sflaW «£ preserved. Some was kept in small bottles and to-' fected under the skin of various ^animals with fatal etteow It was also chemically analyzed and gave as ^£ resiui carbon, 46 ; nitrogen, 13 1 ; oxygen, 6 ; subhur, Mjjg g of hydrogen. -?: ThS, as M. Dumas remarks, w exacuy ^ composition of beer-yeast, and supports thfe idea *'*? ' . cobra poison in of the nafore Jf an animal fermeni. . 