ORTON.La.NI>. \ I (Daily News, June 4.) j ONE day in 1783 Or. Johnson, talking with Boswell, I was pleated to enlarge on the wonderful extent and I varlet; of Lmdm, and to observe, ''that men of-" ourious inquiry might soo ia lt such modes of life as very few could even imagino. Ho in particular," atys Boswell, " recommended us to explore Wapping, whioh wo resolved to do." Who tho others were does , not appear ; however, in 1792 four you» after John, son's death, the worthy James and some friends under- took the expedition whioh their departed oounsellor had urged upon them. . "But," adds the osndid biographer, tn the - semi-privacy of a foot- note, " whether from that uniformity whioh has in modern times, in a great dograo, spread through every. part of the motropoll", or from our want of sufficient exertion, wo were disappointed." Those ; were days before tbs Dooks had boon made, and perhaps there was less to bo seen ia Wapping then than now. But it had been a remarkable place for some time. It was once, a great wash; or.marsb, where' tho Thames .wandered-at: will over tho low lands, or drawing sullenly back with the refluent tides, Uit gn at 1 banks of mud, dull roaohos of swampy soil, and ditohes where ague and fever lurked at all seasons of the year. The ground was recovered from this watery dominion in the reign of Queen E.izabeth, and Wapping bio imo a place of temporary abode for seafaring men and of more permanent settlement for tradesmen dealing in oommodltteB for tba .. supply of shipping and sailors. That was its character when Johnson thought it worth exploring, and that, with the : addition of the vase commercial interests repre- j sented by tho dock«, is (ho character it still possesses. But Wappiog bod certain grim associations tn old timon, which made it a spot of ovit reputation to mariners inclined to illegal adventures on the high , soaa. For there, upon tho dreary ahorca, where land and water mingled ia a miry confusion of caoh other's' ] limits, .was Execution Dook, where pirates and aaa. - rovers weio hanged at low water-mark, und suffered to' romain till three tides had ovo: flowed t. em. In* later , times tho bodies of these, inalefaotota were sui-: pended in ohains at tho same spot and left to bleooh, and dry, and Bhed their ghastly fragments , on the wind. .Tho custom continued until some way into the present century, android Townsend, tho - Bow-atrcet officer, recommended its perpetuation as a good deterrent example. Wapping has ita histori- cal incident too ; for it waa at the Ked Vow, in Anohor- i and-Hope Alley, near King Edward's Stairs, that i Judge Ji fferies, seeking to escapo the popular wrath, ( and get abroad, after tho II .volution of 1688, was dis- . oovored, disguised as a sailor, and drinking a pot of alo. The populaos being informed of the fact, seized him, i carried him bof oro the Lord Mayor, and put mattera in | training for hia committal to tho Tower. In quieter I daya, thia river-side place was mado tho subject of a < clerical pun, the Be v. Rowland Hill having told a congrégation of tho native.that they were "whop- ping sinners." And in tho pluintivu ditty of Wai ping Old Slain," composed by John Percy, tho J narrow ways about tho London Dooks have a bit of romaoce, yet vee tl at odd Beesons, in spite of the 1 fresher attractions of the muslo-halla. ' But all those mattera refer to tho Wapping of former times, of times beforo it had been rundored ! famous by tba doings of <tn Orton, or tho strugglo, af a Claimant. A good deal of alteration waa in- troduced into tho character of tho locality by tho making of tho Docta-St. Kathe- Í rlnea'a and tho London-lu tho early years ei tho " century. Thenceforth Wapping beoamo, not morely a place of lojourm for poor soifarlng -roen bot i great seat of commerce. Shut In by these wate» harbours and by the river, Wapping lui a thin» anart^ a peninsula, almost an island, or rr,t!nr. a ano»..i^T of ialand». Not a little of tho Wapping whioh Join, aon recommended to the attenttvo study of hia friend waa swallowed np In the making of the Ducks. Thsn. sands of houses wore levellod for the inflowing of tho watsrs, and ibo excavated earth,_ln the case of St Katherine's Docks, was usod for filling up tho reier. volrs of the Chelse.v Waterworks Company, and makin? tho artificial ground on which stands muon of the southern part of Pimlico. We havo therefor« only a truncated Wapping at tho present day ; but what ths neighbourhood has lost ia size it has gained in power importaiio*, and concentration. Tho whole of this re' gton ls »ortby of the regard whioh Johnson olaimedfar lt Any Boswell of tho present day who should find nothing to observe In it must indeed be dull of soul Ita character ls marked, and overflows its limits. Upper and Lawer Thames.streets aro but préparait,ns for Wapping. Ic is because of tho Dooks that that amazing line of narrow roadway stretching frem Blaokf nara-bridge to the Tower la the phenomenon we behold ; that warehouses of glgantlo proportions nar themaelvos into the sky in endless succession : thit vans j asila watzgons, and waggons threaten the anatbi. latlou of truoks, in a seething jumble of wheels" horses, and meu, through whioh the casual pedestrian threads hts way with some bodily fear and with a guilty aenso that ho has no ' tight to be there at ' all ; that bales of goods swinging aloft from cranes, impend horribly over the said pedes ti ian's head : the warehouse olerksruib. frantically to and fro wl.h bills of lading in their hands, in agonies of distracted supervision ; and that Brown Brotbors, and Smith, Son, and Smith, are mer. ohant prinors who could-buy up dukedoms. Pursue this Thames-street to ita end, where it breaks like a swollen wavo against Tower-hlll ; contrast the hubbub and turmoil of- modern life with the repose of the grey old fortress, sleeping, with all ita dreams and memories its ghosts and'shrouded seoiets behind the trees that shut it in ; and you will- experience one of the mott powerful oontrasta that any city oan present,- So through the ailonce and tho antique ways of this historio building-past mouldering arch, and Idly. threatening portcullis, and ancient drawbridge, "and battl-uiented wall-out once' inora into ths olamour and thu throb of modern life, and here are St. .Katherine's Docks. Wapping la not yet reaohed, bit ie' is almost in view, and the tremendous aotlvtty rf oommorclal speculation-suspended for awhile by the brief parenthesis of the Tower, with its weird mutter- ings of dead days, and buried agonies, and half.forgot ten crimes-is again the only fact to be noted, the one great dominant power, the vast reality of the present, Again ne . are amidst the towering warehouses, the swinging biles of goods, 'the trampling of hage horses ihi . olash and collision of great vans, the 'clamour of many voices, the vehement assertion of many interests. Beyond these lofty rargei of building, on tho right-hand side, lie the wharves whioh receive the commerce of the world; and here are the wide basins and acres of water which bold the navies of that commerce, and gave them eur room. Through Lower Bast Smithfield, and.we sra In Wapping itself, with the river on our right, the London IX oks on our lett, St. Katherine's"' Docki behind, and various basins and creeks running Inland, and autting up tho place into little ialands, »here ths houses seem half-afloat, and the barges seem half aground, and the distance is a dim confusion of crowd- ing masts, and glidltg sails, and spires ol ohurehea that have suffered shipwreck, nnd hulls of vessels, that seem bout on effecting a settlement , in Stepney parish. London might be divided into half-a-dozen distinct cities. llore, at Wapping, is a city as different from South Kensington or Belgravia a« Amsterdam ls dif- ferent from ttome. The general effeot, indeed, ls very Dutch. Wo are in a city cf watery ways, of lanes ind high roads where the traillo is on a fluid element, sod the wash of waves ls In the ear. Tho waves are not thosei of the sea, it is true uthey are only the sluggiih undulations of artificial inlets from the Thames, stirred by tho passage of the barges to and fro. Thus craft aro ii I d» »rd masters of the place, and everything else must mar-d aside for them. For their convcnler.ee the frequent oanals of Wapping and its vicinity sra 0 ossdd on y by swing bri Iges, whioh, opening in the middle, are folded baok towards the opposite shores whenever tho water trafila requires it. At saab, times the foot passengers, oarts, and waggons whose Igno- miny lt ls to go on dry land, aro compelled to wilt upon the banka until the long procession of barges hu passed out or in, and the two great leaves of the lion drawbridge have swung slowly towards one another, and made a level roadway aoross the gap Intercom- munication in Wapping, coniequontly, is rather pre- carious, unless you chooro to go lound by devious routes. But when you have got well into tho land of the Ortona, you can always tarn asico Into' tbs Dooks with pleasuro and profit. Threading the narrow streets, and looking up tho water lane) and basins, you oatoh strange glimpses of masts far Inland, that seem as if stranded by some odd chance among ths dwellings of Shadwell. The shipping in the Docks ass rta itself at every available opportunity, and will not bo disregarded by any exploring Boawoll of the present day, however wanting in exertion he may be. But to survey in its full grandeur this msrvellotu gathering of tho mercantile marine of all nations, «a mnst go into tho Dooks themselves. Tho quays us open to the publio during wcrklng hours, and the tight ls worth tho trouble of seeking it. Hage vessels Ant lazily on the still waters of their artificial harbour, and masts uccuntabloout suarply againstthe »ky or recede towards too horizon like a forest of fir-trees. On » fine afternoon or evening, when yards and sp&ri; are brough: out delicately against a background .of blas air and tempered sunlight, the view la like some ol those whioh Turner p'aiuted in his earlier and leia fan- tastic days. No finer atuiy of aerial perspeotive can he hld than these interminable lines of m tats softening their h irdness ia the gold and azure ot the heavens, or becoming almost feathery beneath the touch of dis- tance. Tue population of Wapping is amphibious. Ti« people are half maritime, half osmmeroial. Even the dook labourers salute each other with tho nautical phrase, ?' What oho-r ?" The Thames Police, who are Bt ong hereabouts, coming and going in wherries between their floating station >. and tho land, are, both in bearing and costume, ti much sailors as constables. A large number of tba shops lu-Wapping and in neighbouring Studwall sra . . devoted to the satisfaction of marine needs. Nautical Instrument- make»,, sailmakors, provision merohtnti, slop »oilers, ico , form a very considerable proportion ot the traders of thia seafaring rrglon. The rmell of fried fish Ia on tho wind ; shrimps and .whelks aro frequent on the stalls, and impart to the palate a smack of brini- ness, as of tho far-off sea. Above all tower the Titanio warehouses, with their baoks to the river, ioma of whioh have been recently rebuilt on . scale of yet greater vastness, : while othen are * in the not of being ? reconstructed to ault the augmenting trade of the times. All thia ipeih well for the prosperity of Wapping ; yet in the eloM alleys we find'many lamentable tokens of the poverty that always attends on wealth. Amongst the youth 01 both sexes rags and bare feet are very much the wear: and the women nave tbat overworked and un- derfed look common in neighbourhoods of thli kind The wharfs and dooks give casual employment ' to » large number of poor, and when' these are out of a job they hang about the ways' In rueful indolence, . . This, then, ls Orton-Iand ; and here, In every other shop'window, you may see a portrait of the olalmint, aa large aa life, in combination with tho announcement that "Slr Roger 0. D. Tlohborne, Bart.." will.make lui appearance at certain East-end theatres. Herelt «f« that " Bullooky Orton," in the days bf his youth, WM tlod up in largo Scotch meat hampers, as the innocent victim of those praotioal jokes in whioh his companloni delighted. Hero it was that "Old George,Orton tested the strength of hts arm and the sharp- ness of his pig-whip on "the-'qulvei¡og-flanks ot toa jokers. . Hero, - lt " was . ,-thatt Arthur, j grJ«n> BÓmewhat in years ancL.iu _poraon, proffered lcT to Misa Loder, and slipped a tender epistle into tte hand, of" of the young ' lady, who ^.noWi-MJ«' Hannah Johnson, widow. -And here .it was that tw Claimant paid that famous Christmas visit to the Gio" püblic-homo of whioh Mr. Hawkins has made so muco. This is Orton-laud, and Arthur Ma tho oiittjw MC}.. What a strange fa ie that that coarse, ohnqlde-headea, vulgar, young butcher-boy ' should now bo so naucu talked about allover tho English-speaking world 1 .ya recently heard a gill in Bethnal-green ask ber eld'' slater, in respeot of a caricature they were studying, "Butwho is John Bull ? ..Is it posaibla to conceive aW ono in these days asking, '. Who ia Arthur Orton! _^ Maravilla Cocoa.-Taylor Brothera (tho largest Manufaoturera of Cocoa In Europe), havhi« the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, law» oomparison with any other Cocoa for Purity-tin« Aroma-Sanativo, Nutritive and Sustaüilng f Easiness of Digestion - and especially, high deUolons flavour. Ono trial will establish it as » favoujM. beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing JW freahment after a late evening. N.B. Cautlon. '? MAIÏAVIIXA" la a registered Trade Mark. ' Maravilla Oocöa.-THe GLOBB¡ say»,. . TATLOB BBOTIIERS' Maravilla Cocoa ha» achieved, a thorough auoooaa, and anporaedes every other Coooa» the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, trna » tue concentration of the purest elements of nutrition distinguish the Maravilla Coooa above oU others, a« Invalids and Dyspeptics, wo oould not rooomnv«»a a moro agreeable or valuable bevorago. " For favourable opinions vida Btandard, Monita? fon British Medical Jounal, ¿io.. Aa. n SYDNEY : Printed und Published V, BENNETT, Sola Pioi.rletrr, at the Empire. VW\ Pitt-street, Thursday, Slit July, W¡$. 