WiU of ?J»p-»Icon I3H. (From L'Ordro.) In tbe latter part of December, 1872, tho Emperor, feeling an aggravation of tho symptotng of tho disease whioh was soon to prove fatal, nnd indulging no illusory hopes of the ultimate buccoso of tho operotiou which his physicians hail dcclnrod to ho indispensable, was anxious, before resigning himself to their care, to express in writing his last will and testament. Tha will of the Einperor Napoleon III. is drown in two very diatiucfc parts, The statesman tho Sovereign, tho dynastic chief, speaks in the one ; in the other, tho private gontloman, tho father, tbefrienL I Motives of propriety, which it is useless to I dwell upon will not allow of our publishing — at least, at present — the will of tho private \- gentleman. The legacies and beques5s with whioh tho dispossessed Emperor has thought proper to reward certain devoted friends, certain faithful servants, either in the shape of rewards or as souvenirs, would only intorost the publio in a point of view of morbid curiosity which it would scarcely bo proper to gratify at the present moment. But the political will is a different thing alto gether. ThiB, from the hour of its author's death bolongo to history: It forms part of the im mediate inheritance of the present generation, for whose instruction it was written. It will be noticed that Ibis will ia built up of a series of notes, thoughts, reflections, provisions and remembrances, written in meditative mood duting the tedious boars of exile. At tho vory moment when the Emperor saw rising before him the probability of an impending oatastrophe, be rested satisfied with tho oompil ation'of these notes, to which ho was hardly aware that ho was giving the last touch. This is the document we spoak of, and which we print without rejecting or commenting on: — ' In the name of the Very Holy Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. ' Jlido awaro by unhoard of misfortuno of the uncertainty of worldly concerns at an age when it may pleaao Divine Providence, after so many oruol trials, to withdraw me from this lifa before I bavo been able personally to fulfil the mission which I bad dreamt of accomplishing, I owe it to the honour . of my name, to my responsibility before history, to the future of my race, to bequeath to my son, with my paternal embrace and my ardent aspirationB, such instructions as may guide his conduct, in the hope that Heaven, sootbeil by tho overwhelming catastrophes which have fallen on that beloved Frenoh nation, will abot him in his endeavours to reinvest bis oountry with its past glory, prosperity, and grandour. ' Weighod down by tbe most unmerited and moBt infamous accusations, I have hitherto left to history, ever impartial and ever true, the care of my justification. 'During tho twenty years that I was called upon by tho national will to manage the affairs of Franco I have roigncd independently of aoy csro with regard to dynastic interests or peioonal satisfaction. I feal tho legitimate prido of being able to declare that I have brought that country to the highest degree of prosperity, iofluenoo, acd eclat that it has ever been given to any monarchy ot the past to enjoy. While maintaining order in tbe interior, and opposing an iron hand to tho baneful oovetousnesa of tho disinherited classes, I have brought all my efforts to bear on the moral, political, and social emancipation of the labourer. Under no other regime has the workmen boen in a more prosperous condition. Never have the relations between capital and labour been carried on in a more peaceful and satisfactory woy. ' Notwithstanding tbe renown of military glory wnich attached to the founder of my raoo, I had dreamed I had desired to exclusively devote my reign to those efforts of democratio and social emancipation ; and when, at the opaning of my career as a sovereign I said at Bordeaux that ? tho Empire was peace,' I expressed the most sincere conviction that was ever conveyed to Europe and to the world. But next to tho aspirations of my heart were the duties of the monarch, and when I was induced to draw the sword, it was never for any other motive than to defend, to affirm, or protect tbe interests or the honor of France. In Crimea, in Italy, in China, iu Cochin China, in Aaia Minor, tho triumphs of my gallant army have exalted the grandeur of tho country. ' At tho time of life when I am penning these lines in the expectation of soon appearing before God, who will judge me, I refrain to set myself op as a judge for others. I leave to my son, with tbe reoommendation of ultimately making such uso oi thorn as the honor of my name and his own may require, the complete series of documents which will show that, in respeot to the Mexican expedition, interrupted by imperious motives of international right, and also to that last and fatal war against Prussia, I once more had solely in view the honor and interests of tho country who for the third time in the spaoo of twenty yoars had by a signal vote entrusted its destinies to my keeping. ' History will explain how a series of fatal and unforeseen misfortunes, inovitablo casualties, im provident advises, disappointed provisions, ini- probable results, ended in tho failure of the most generous effort ever attempted to affirm the peroogstivos and predominance of France. 'An unmentionable crime has complicated the catastrophe, and while at Sedan I jeopardised my personal safety to securo that of my a'rmy, and to conolude a necessary peace, in PariB brainless demagogues were working tbo ruin of FraDce by affording to tho conquering enemy the spectacle of a revolution against their legitimate sovereign. ' A day, whioh is not far distant, will dawn w.ben Fi'anoo will know the truth on all the fasts and many other topics which have been distorted' by calamnyand the animus of political partios and on that day France, after undergoing so. many trials, will recall to mind the twenty yoars of ijlorj'. happiness, nml prosperity which she owed to tho reign of N,\pf- leot-. Tho instincts of tho portpk mo monarchical, and no monarchy enn rcinstato Franco in a safor posiiion than tho conquoror of Austorlitz. ' If Providonco deems my mission accomplieheil and brqucatba to my sou ilio task of carrying OHt this work ut reparation, umlor tho guidance of bin excellent mother, my worthy and beloved wife, and that of tho devoted friends who havo remained faithful to mo, I ndviso him tu revert to tho principles which inspired my acts at tho beginn ing of my reign, viz., order within, peace abroad. ' Europo has been too greatly agitated by the recent wars of tho latter yc»re, and Franco may regain her prestige and her grandeur without appealing to force. The roign of my ion must not not bo one of reprisal?, but ouo of reparation. Peano within and without. And should tho necessity of upholding the national honour compol him to draw the sword, let him rely without fear on the courago of Ihe French irmy, too accus tomed to see victory crown it3 tfforis under tho Imperial csglo to remain bowed down under tbe influence of a temporary disaster. 'Lot him, at home especially, apply himself to developing tho welfjro of the working olasBOg. Let him bewaro of tho enticement held out by oortain protended liboral documents, which, under hollow theories, conceal cruol disappointments, ' Lot him seo that respect is shown to the logitimate prerogatives of roligion, which constitute tho basis of all sooiul ordor. I awarding a necessary share in tho management of public affairs to ths froo d&bttcs; of tlio tribune and the preen, let him pntcot tho country against tho excesses of those discussions which prove suoh fruitful souroes of barren and dangerous agitation. True liberty is order — order upheld in tho interest of all and evory one. Tho experiment of the last events has shown that nations are seldom grateful. Franco, who bad done everything for tho enfranchisement of other countries, found herself deserted at tho time of supreme neocssity. International alliances should bo founded on tho interests, on tbo hopes, and not on rights and memories of the past. In a powerful, well appointed army, clevor diplomacy will find a sovereign help to its action. My boq'b endeavors should all teod towards ensuring the soldiers' comfort. With a rnonaroby firmly groundod on a mighty army, Franoe, without having recourse to arms, may rtpair tbe disasters of war. The calamities consequent on successive ineurreottons duriog the last two years havo not been able to shako tho foundations of the financial prosperity laid by the empire. The empiro will rendor that prosperity as flourishing as heretofore ' But to attain this mult, t-\ tbe same lime that is neoossary to proudly display bofore foreign nations the flag ofFranoo — ever respected notwithstanding our unmerited disasters — it is incumbent on the nation to insist without weak noes, without concession, without compromise, that at home, tho principle of authority which the nation will once more hasten to oc- nsecrate, shall be respected.' 