SCANDAL. (From the Australasian ./ The fascinations that enthral the priests and the priestesses of scandal connot but be strong and deep-seated — strong from their manifest and persistent vitality, and deep seated from the difficulties experienced by most men in their analysis. The curious avidity with which a rumour of aught that tends to degiade the position or to sully the renutation of men hitherto revered is rap turously welcomed, tenderly nursed, zeal ously guarded, and strenuously upheld, must surely spring from some sources in our nature, deep, primordial, and inscrutable. Some urge that anile saw, the fug a vacui. Scandal, say they, dwells and flourishes in petty provincial towns and narrow circles, among the unenterprising, the unwedded, and the childless. There envy, guarded by decorum and checked by cunning and selfish ness, learns from them that there is no real cause for offence nor pretext for hostility, but some dangers in being proved to be gratuitously in the wrong. Envy seeks re lief from the founts of scandal to foster the poisons distilled by the more reckless malignity of others. Envy, that unclean spirit, rushes in when cold experience has expelled the follies and tamed down the im nnluu nf vnuth : the ' house ' she finds ' swept and garnished.' Now the pulses are even, the tongue filed, the lips well drilled to smile the lie they dare not utter, ambition is quenched, emulation is palsied. Envy rushes in. And with her several fellow unclean spirits, worse even (if possible) than herself: cold scandal fosters cruel suspi cions, unskilled reproaches, crude surmises ; their scorpion tongues sting to death the very life of life, and honour, virtue, nobility, even love himself, pale, fade, and wither be fore their poisonous breaths. (See Luke xi., 24-5-6.) Better interpretation of the parable I know not, though, even with such power ful aid, I presume not to be able to exhaust the theme. The willing recipient of scandal must possess a vacant mind and a barren. Not merely vacant of ideas at the time, but organically destitute of all our noble springs ot tnougnt ana oi action. j.o uu active mind, ever on the rebound, how poor, how weak an impediment is any misgiving arising merely from the past ! Such a mind ever judges by what is at present seen and known. Napoleon marked Junot for pro motion on the day he saw that the young conscript could use his pen at command for dictation, with a drum for a desk, aud coolly joke when a shell scattered earth over his page, ' I shall not want for sand.' Junot might have had fifty escapades, or duels — nay, even (0 ! shocking) as many amours, madam, as you please — but Napoleon judged by what he saw and heard then and there. The Duo d'Abrantes in after-life related to his son, with pardonable complacency, this protoplasm of the honours and wealth he then enjoyed. The large bustling city is ever crushing down scandal and scandal mongers ; there the merits, the powers, and the excellences that we see ride over all the goBsipries that we hear, and the metropoli tan visitor to Little Peddlington flutters every tea-table by his recitals of the successes and the growing influence of one known formerly to his hearers but as a pickle and a scamp, and whose whimsical freaks have stagnated in the slimy pools of their memories, though long since obliterated from that of the public and his own. ' Ah ! poor UnA ia Via raiklltr nnixr Hninf* vaII aw -''13 ' ? ' Yes, madam ; he is making ? a year, is well married, and spoken of as the future,' &o.; ' Ah 1 Iu — deed ! Well ! I am sure I am glad he has reformed (sigh). I am the last person, goodneBB knows, to make mischief. But if asked, you know, it will be my duty, however unpleasant,' &o.;—(Da capo.) Yet, since the early scandal, how many have been born and how many have died, how many have been married, have toiled and prospered, how many fortunes have been gained and lost? Still the early frolic is stereotyped, and the inexorable priestesses of the temple of scandal cannot or will not be lieve in the changes wrought by the hand of time. A shrewd observer once boldly asserted to me and to others that every living man carries about with him his own special Oaiu brand — his ruling passion, lnrking propen sities — nay, his own biography from school davn nn tn the nresnnt-moment— stain tied on his features, gait, and gestures. Without following my eccentric friend too closely, I venture to express surprise that so many should in this respeot only (despite Horace and science) prefer the ear to the eye, the ear of another to the eye-testimony that is so thoroughly their own. Why, if my eye tells me the man has a clear English com plexion, should my mind be perturbed by the scandal I have heard that he has the tints of an American? Why, when my eye bears witness to his agility and endur ance, does my mind misgive me because there exists a scandal that he is hopelessly palsied? Why cannot my own senses de cide on cleanliness and on serenity, and their verdict be absolute, without appeal to Mrs. Grundy ? There is something in this that demands analysis. Ths evil is too common to be ignored. Paradoxical in theory asit must appear to our readers, it asserts its power in the practice of their lives, despite reason. 'So wise, kind, temperate, and industrious as you are, why are you thought by so many strangers to be the reverse of all four attributes? ' The reason is that we feel onr self-love wounded, our vanity mortified, when ope whom we have chosen to honour is dis- ; paraged even by the ignorant He may i despise it, but wecannot. Onr judgment is - impugned, our rights withheld. I aay our ' rights, for we ate eager to claim the meed , of a prior discovery whenever the merits of- ^ our idol shall be admitted. When be is L' ' the fashion,' any and everyone can Uud, .g but ' we were the very first of all.' Now, i when, instead of this, the public say the , e direct contrary, we are personally vexed as j well as indignant. We then turn round a upon our poor idol, and blame him. For , j surely, if those qualities which we so admire i| had been placed properly before others, they t would appreciate even as we do ; therefore, » j you must have been remiss. The scandal is ,? a galling insult, it contradicts us, it must have some foundation, for who would dare j to contradict eye-testimony so recurrent and j so commanding. Thus the very audacity of the paradox secures to it a too favourable hearing. r Scandal is often nourished and preserved j by the reasoning that confutes it. For the s argument that combats also recognises the T statements it recites, and many will think 3 that some truth must lurk in the coinposi- t, tion of that which can endure so long the denunciations of friendship and the reason ings of logic, and which require so many f words to prove it false. It has been said, ' give to a lie but half a day's start and who ( shall overtake and capture it ? ' i How many believe to this hour that Charles Phillips, the barrister, called God to f witness that his client, Oourvoini«r, was [ innocent of the murder of Lord W. Russell. ( Yet, twenty years have elapsed since it was u publicly proved in the columns of the Times, j by the testimony of several barristers sitting 3 attentively near Phillips at the time, and during the lifetime of Cresswell and - Wensleydale, the two judges on the bench, p that no euch words were uttered, that i nothing similar to them can be educed from t the report of the defence, that no appeal or . - address to the Eternal was uttered, no ( positive assertion of the counsel's own belief c was hinted at. It is an unpardonable breach 1. of etiquette in a counsel to do so, and the c haughty Cresswell, or the minutely severe j and merciless Jas. Parke would have heen f down ou Phillips like an avalanche had he daTed to commit such a bitise ; or had he 1 directly accused any other person, which, of ] course, did not occur. In short the whole $ story is demonstrated to be a pure fiution — q how, whence originating none can guess. f It is the very absoluteness of scandal's t falsehood that seems to constitute her g strength. We ask, where could be the 3 source of that which you prove to have no 1 existence ? I do not believe that the scandal t against Phillips will ever die. t I once experienced an amusing proof of the tenacious vitality of a report. Riding 1 home after a month's excursion up country, in one of the Australian colonies, I was met j by half-a-dozen ladies, who wheeled round t to gaze with wonder. Reining in my horse I drew nigh, and was informed by them, t with dilating eyes and glowing cheeRs, that 1 I had been pierced through back and heart by the glaBB spears of the aborigines, and that one of these weapons, entering through 1 the eye, had penetrated to the brain, after 1 which knives were used, &c.; I alighted, walked a few yards, assured them that the blacks and myself were very good friends, that I had never been dead, never even 1 been wounded, and waB then and there ready to Btand any test that I was no ghost; and, in short, that the whole was a myth. The party walked on. I remounted. One tall, grim, bony old priestess lingered behind. Her uncompromising aspect said plainly — 'I am not to be deceived by plausible appearances.' 'Well,' said she, aloud — ' well, after so much, I am glad you are recovered ! ' She would sooner die than surrender. Can any phenomenon be cited that is more recurring than the growth of a child to man hood? Yet daily we express surprise at Tom's stature and muscles (Tom whom yesterday we saw in knickerbockers), as though the growth were exceptional and unprecedented. So the malignity and conceit of too many natures fixes down the scandal too easily credited at first, and ignores the flowing river of time, on whose wavelets borne onwards through increasing civilization, the man may have lived it down. ' I was once a tailor — I am not one now. I was once a baby— not one now. WaB onoe such and such — am not now.'' Did I name the son of enterprise whose reptrtee I am quoting the reader might smile, but I prize the appositeness rather than the authority of one who proved himself in some respects wiser (though, perhaps, less lucky) than many of the undetected who thank G--d they are not such as he. Fas est et ab hoste doceri. Let ns seize a truth where'er it is found. How curionsly puzzling were the question, could it ever arise in our courts of law, in some libel oase, when does the ' was once ' end ; and when does ' Is now ' begin ? Ought not the statute of limitations to run ? Given thst a person of whom you know a bygone scaudal is discovered by you to be living in poverty, industry, respect, earning truBt and keeping it, is it not a villanous thing to blurt out your knowledge and destroy his opening prospects ? Is it not a base hypocrisy to do this under the mask of ' duly ' and ' conscience ? ' Is reform as impossible as early growth? I say, ont upon this vile despotic stereotyping, this fossilising system. For everything whatso ever that possess any value at all, does so by virtue of that whioh it shadows forth or leads to in the future. Thus the germ is excellent, because of its hoped-for develop ment ; the child is father of the man, &o.; So the whole rebuke should be awakening ; the punishment remedial, the exposure a spur to retrievemeut. Let the ' was once ' have its mortal career, then let it die and be for ever bnried ; let the ' is now *' arise if it can ; and, if strong enough, let it have fair play to live, to grow, and to prosper. Scandal is superfluous, for we can see and judge for ourselves; the qualities of all things ' are known by thsir effects, and all these effects are subject matter of our com mon daily experience.' So writes the shrewd Yorkahireman Paley. This judging by the eye makes women (when unwarped by scandal) better dieoerners of character , than men. Indeed, I often suspect that in |- the scandals of the tea-table there lurks in »| the breasts of the priestesses more of mt mischief than of credulity. A judgment formed by your own eye is absolute and -*J satisfying — it fills and contents the mind — all that is now needed is a wise discretion, :|j never to confound the subjective with the :m objective. But the daughter of scandal is 'M bound to be a tattler; constitutionally I rickety, she exacts the deceptive support of K numbers. Taken singly, you' will always ? find each and every ecandaliser to back o at B with an emphatic denial that 'I never \- BaiA or thought anything of the sort,' &c.; After nil, scandal is Ibbs baneful to a man ?wVipn he in its object than when he un fittingly finds himself its recipient. Tbe first Tmi can make false by a prompt reform, and trnp or false you can live it down. Fresh pves du'lv replace the old among your judges. But the second is a real embarrassment. A scandal concerning one whom you esteem rankles in the mind, and, vexing you because it insults your own judgment, connects its objects with painful associations and harass ing suspense. Shun the scandal-monger, for you can get from him nothing save annoyoncp, and live among men of intellect an*4 pntprprifp; seek out all forms of active civilization, nnd train yourself in the habit | and discipline of self-relying observation, j and of abiding faith in Nature. The eye of the single-minded, like that of childhood, often reads the soul beneath every mask, and the more independent of scandal, of gossip, and of rumour, we keep our brains and perceptions the more clear, precise, and trustworthy will be our discernment, our information, and our convictions. 