harvest thanksgiving SERVICES. Special thanksgiving services in connection with the late bountiful harvest were held in the Wesleyan Church, BLapunda, on Sunday last, when sermons were preached by the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith—in the morning to a large and in the evening to a crowded congregation. The text in the morning was Exodus xxiii., 14th, 16th, and former part of 19th verse. The preacher referred to the subject of the day— Harvest Thanksgiving — explaining its origin, showing that such an institution was scriptural and not of recent date, as some might suppose it, dating as far back as the entrance of the Jews into the Promised Land, when the Almighty Creator (in order to keep His people in remem brance that He was the Great Proprietor of all, and ithat they were only tenants-at-will) claimed a tenth of all the produce of the land for the maintenance of His worship, and in addition instituted three annual feasts—at one of which they were to present the first fruits of their barley harvest; at another, the first fruits of their wheat harvest; and at a third, the first fruits of their vintage, olives, &c.; and made it a law binding upon the Jews that all males above the age of twenty should three times a year travel to Jerusalem to present their offerings in the | Temple. He explained the nature of the feast held at Easter, when the first fruits of the barley were offered, and showed its typical reference to Christ, whose blood alone was our protection from the curse of the broken law—to this the Apostle referred when he affirmed; *' Christ our Passover is sacrificed for us, therefore let us keep the feastand referring to the first fruits pre sented by the Jews, he spoke of Christ as having ; risen from the dead and become the first fruits of them that slept. The preacher then alluded to : the Feast of Pentecost—held about Whitsunday —in commemoration of the giving of the law, on which occasion the first fruits of the wheat harvest were presented to God. He showed its typical reference to that Day of Pentecost when the Holy Ghost descended, and the first fruits of the gospel were gathered in—about 3,000 being added to the Church in one day. The Feast of the Tabernacles (held about the 15th of i September) was then referred to, when first fruits of the vintage, olives, &c.;, were presented to God. In all these cases there was a public acknowledgement that the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof. He showed that we were under equal obligations to the Great Giver of all good for His beneficence to us. Although j " we are not under the law, but under grace," j the spirit of the law should teach us our duly, j He showed the chain of Providence by which God supplied the wants of man—why He per mitted such afflictions as the locusts, the red rust, &c.j; to disappoint our hopes. After refer ring to the late abundant harvest, and the gratitude it should inspire, he showed how im potent was man alone to secure such results; spoke of all that he could do, and showed how absolutely dependent he was upon God's blessing both to ensure success and to ward off evils that at one time threatened. After referring to what the Jews were expected to give for the support of divine worship, and giving illustrations of ; Pagan munificence in support of idolatry, the preacher closed by urging the claim of God upon all for their hearts, their affections, and their services, and exhorted them to honour the Lord with their substance, &c.; {.: The text in the evening was the 21st verse of rthe 107th Psalm—" O that men would praise ■the Lord for His goodness and for His wonderful works to the children of men." The reverend gentleman commenced by saying that having spoken fully in the morning on the subject of Harvest Thanksgiving as cause for devout grati tude to God, he should this evening refer to other causes that should equally excite gratitude and thanksgiving. He spoke of the Psalm as sung in alternate parts at the dedication of the second Temple, of which the text repeated four times formed the grand chorus. He referred to the five truths standing out in bold relief in the Psalm. 1. Men often bring themselves into trouble through siu. 2. Not until they are in j trouble (frequently) do they think of calling upon God. 3. He hears, answers, and saves them out of their distresses. 4. Many when re stored forget their obligations. 5. God has to remind Buch of the vows they made when in trouble. The subject divided itself into—1. The recognition of God's goodness to the children of men. 2. God's lamentation over man's in gratitude. God infinitely good, the impersonation of love, light, and holiness, the supreme object of praise and thanksgiving ; God's relative goodness to us—the earth full of it 5 special deliverances in sickness, from a watery grave, in poverty and distress, from spiritual death, from trouble and temptation, from the bondage of sin and Satan ; God supplying daily grace and strength. Under the head of " God's wonderful works to children of men" the preacher gave a number of instances of such wonderful works; and then referred to man's want of graititude—the burden of the Psalmist's lamentation. This was the crying sin of humanity. " I have nourished and brought up children, but they have rebelled against me"— instancing the ten lepers, the parents of the blind man healed by Christ. Where were all the sick Christ healed—the deaf, the dumb, the blind— when Christ stood before Pilate? Not one to witness for Him ; perhaps some joining in the cry " Crucify Him." It is very sad that men are more grateful to one another than they are to God, and are generally more disposed to complain than praise. They received God's bless ings as if they had a right to them. Man was originally formed for praise. No prayer in paradise or in heaven, but praise in both plaees. Men should get the spirit of praise now, and do it heartily. Many only praise God for special mercies. He has to let them fall into difficulties and get them out again before any gratitude is evoked. Praise must be presented through Christ. The study ot Divine Providence given as evidences of trufe wisdom. Finally he urged, let all pay to God the vows they made in trouble, and render to Him their undivided hearts. On Monday evening a public meeting in con nection with the same services was held in the Wesleyan Chapel, at which, owing doubtless to the unfavourable state of the weather, the atten dance was but small. The meeting having been first duly opened, Mr. James Pearce, M.P., was voted to the chair. On the platform were the Rev. Messrs. Goldsmith, Williams, Day, Richards, and Raymond, and Mr. D. Nock, J.P., the second Circuit Steward. The fiHn.irirm.Ti said the service in which they were engaged was of a somewhat novel character, though it ought not to be so to Christian people. This service should be entered upou in a spirit ot self- sacrifice and self-consecration, and should also be eminently devotional, recognizing the fact that this had been a year in which Providence had exceedingly blessed them. Ministering as he oc casionally did amongst the rural population, be had been much struck by the heartiness with which farmers responded to the prayers put forth for the early and latter rains, and for preserving the crops from disease, bush fires, &c.; However feeble might be their devotions on other matters, in those which directly affected their person&l; in terests they were earnest enough. Depressing temporal circumstances had an adverse influence on religious life ; and now on the other hand they j expected that a prosperous year temporally would also tend to the spiritual prosperity of the Church —the relief to the mind caused by the advance ment of their worldly circumstances enabling tbem to devote greater attention to the important truths of religion. The farmers were primarily most prosperous this year; but it must be appa rent to all that every Jcolonist in a greater or lesser degree partook of that prosperity.; Yery many of the churches had felt it desirable to recognize by some outward and tangible sign the bounty o£ God; and this Church desired to join that num ber in showing that it attributed this prosperity to the mercy and goodness of Grod He himself was perfectly convinced of the personal superin tendence of Grod over the affairs of men, for his own personal experience taught him that it was to the blessing of God he owed the prosperity he had attained. God 'peculiarly blessed those in this land who, in humble dependence on him, used the powers with which he hae gifted them, for acquiring positions of comfort and affluence ; ; and therfore he thought they ought to be a pe culiarly God-fearing people. In reviewing during his late illness his past career, he felt that if he had failed in any one direction it was in the exhi bition of that practical godliness which should in all things express bis allegiance to God. Fidelity to Christ consisted in three things; first, in joining the great congregation to acknowledge and set forth the claims of the Almighty; then secondly in cultivating the experimental and the emotional phases of (religion—and for this their class-meetings were admirably adapted; and thirdly by another phase equally important, but; he was afraid Soften overlooked, namely the daily display of that kind and gentle feeling which characterised the great founder of their religion —such conduct as should impress on all with whom they had to do the fact that practical god liness influenced alike their business dealing, their tempers, 'feelings, and affections. He felt very much humbled when he reflected how far he had fallen short in this third particular, and not only he, but the Church as a body—though he was glad to know there were some noble individual exceptions to this. He was anxious that from [ this date this date they should all begin anew, i and seek to exhibit more faithfully and consistently this practical aspect of Christianity. The choir having sung " How beautiful upon the Mountains," the Chairman announced that the proceeds of the collection would go towards the extinction of the Circuit debt. i The Rev. Mr. Raymond, who was then called on, said he had great pleasure in -seeing Mr. J. Pearce so far convalescent as to be enabled to preside over that meeting. The object of their meeting was one which would have the approval [of the great giver-of all^ood. There were some positions he did not like to be placed in with re gard to speaking at these meetings 3 he did not like- to be the last speaker, who usually had to make the collection speech ; neither did he Eke to be the middle speaker ; but least of all did he like to be the first speaker, to open the meeting. However, the Chairman had already given them an able introductory address on the subject of thankfulness. They had been the recipients of God's goodness—temporal and spiritual—ever si^ce their birth; but to-night they met specially to thank God for the late bountiful harvest, which had crowned the labours and anxiety of the husbandman. These labours were extensive, I and the anxieties were also great as to the result which should crown their labours. This was particularly the case last year, owing to the succession .of bad crops they had previouslv experienced. On this last harvest many depended greatly as to whether or not they would be able , to pay their way. The rain, the locusts, the rust, &c.;, were all anxiously looked for and feared; but the rain came only when serviceable, and the much feared plagues of rust and locusts did not assail their crops. These anxieties increased the | joy felt at the abundant harvest reaped. Many prayers had ascended to God on behalf of the harvest, and God in answer had crowned the year with his goodness ; now, as a portion of the com munity, they had met to express their thankfulness, and to give tangible evidence thereof. Allusion was made to the power of prayer as exhibited j in the case of the illness of the Prince of Wales; and the speaker expressed his pleasure at hearing that the Princess of Wales had acknowledged the goodness of God by a memorial window bearing the inscription, " When I was in trouble I called upon the Lord, and he heard me." This was a grateful act on her part, and it was one in the I spirit of which they should in some degree share. 1 In conclusion, he expressed his sympathy with the object of the service. The Rev. J. M. Day did not always agree with what was said at these meetings, and did not hesitate to express his difference, as he considered it desirable that they should leave these meetings instructed as well as interested. With the object of the meeting all must sympathize ; but his own personal experience, and he doubted not the experience of many others, had been this that times of trouble and adversity had been times of the richest blessing to the Church—not perhaps I in regard to its outward circumstances, but cer tainly as to its spiritual condition—because then the Christian was led to more entirely cast his : cares on the God who careth for* his people. ! They spoke of Christ as a brother born to . I adversity ; and unless they passed through ad versity they could hardly fully experience his love. Nor should a bad season diminish the resources 1 of a church. It did not in the Apostolic Church, for the Apostle commended one of the churches that iu its poverty its liberality still abounded. : He was not of those who thought the Apostolic Churches one whit better than the Church of the | present day. On the contrary, while there was not a sin of the present Church which was not to be found in the Apostolic Churches, there" were some sins in those Churches which he hoped would not now be even named in the Church. So that j whatever of good wa3 possible to the Christian of those days was equally possible now. He had lately been reading some Americau correspon dence in a London paper, as to the Thanksgiving Day in that country, in which allusion was made to the custom in that respect established in the New England States, where the day was in variably set apart; and if the harvest warranted, was observed as a day of rejoicing; if not, then as a fast-day. He quite agreed in thanking God for special blessings, but he thought these should not be the only occasions of public thanksgiving. They were told in the New Testament that they must suffer adversity, and that through tribula tionn they should enter the kingdom j and there fore they had a right to thank G-od for adverse circumstances, as well as when they had received something which pleased them. If they went no further than this latter stage the words of Christ might well be addressed to them, " What do ye more than others?" Then they were in danger of looking at God's works in too narrow a circle, of which°they themselves were the centre, and judging accordingly. Now, supposing there had been a good harvest in England last year, their own harvest would have been comparatively a burden to them • and in the condition in which South Australia always found itself— jf growing more than was required for home con sumption—it was almost essential to their pros perity that there should be bad harvests else where 5 and it was noticeable that God appeared to keep up the balance between the nations, so that out of the superabundance of one the necessities of others were supplied. They needed to include in their thanksgiving the idea of poor harvests elsewhere as well as their own abundant harvest. The dispensations of God Bhould also teach Christians to do their work less and less by proxy. He did not value one rush thousands of I consecrated bricks and mortar, nor did he attach any value to religious services when separated from secular. What he felt waa, that in all tkingg—whether in the Church, in the house, or in business—they should work as in the sight of God. He did not think there was any class of men who might so readily recognize the fact that they were fellow-workers with God as the farmers —for they worked with Him even in tho tillage of the soil. He called bad farming an exhibition of irreligion ; and the thanks of such, a man for a good harvest, if by chance he got one, were an offence to God. Under the Old Testament dispensation very rigid rules were laid down by God himself as to the cultivation of the soils and the way in which many now-a-days got what they could out of the soil to the neglect of these rules was downright atheism and irre ligion. There there was another thought, too, he wished to draw attention to. Theologians had got into the way of depicting God as an angry God—a God whom it was necessary to dodge, as it were—and this error was he knew embodied in some of the hymns in the Baptist collection; whereas the truth, which it was necessary they should all realise, was that God was a God of love, and that all his dealings with them were characterized by the highest form of a father's love. When they felt this 1 they would be able to join with the Psalmist in saying, " Like as a father pitieth his children, so the Lord pitieth those that fear him." Mr. D. Nock was afraid the Rev. Mr. Day had the organ of combativeness largely developed However, though he did not agree with all bis remarks, he had listened with both attention and pleasure to what he had said. He should net, however, further allude to what Mr. Day had said, beyond stating that nearly all the hymns in the Wesleyan Collection impressed on those who used them a sense of the goodness of God* though there might be exceptional hymns which taken by themselves might appear to convey another view. He must express regret that so few farmers were present, as they of all men should have been most ready to express their thankfulness. He himself felt that for every blessing he could possibly receive he was entirely dependent on God, and he was anxious that they should not only receive blessings at God's hands, but should also individually acknowledge these gifts. He was sorry there were some sceptics amongst them, men who not only questioned the goodness of God when he withheld blessings, but who even made the abundant harvest an occasion of grumbling, saying they did not know what to do with the grain. He exhorted all men to feel and acknowledge their entire dependence on God for all the mercies of life as well as for those of eternity. If all men were Christians, and righteousness everywhere pre vailed, he was convinced the earth would bring forth its increase abundantly, not merely occa sionally for one or two years in succession but every year. It was the wickedness of the wicked which led God to visit them with bad harvests. Only let them be really good, and God would bless them abundantly; and all the ends of the earth should fear him. Whilst the collection waa being made the Chairman expressed his belief that the sin of the a^e was not so much scepticism as selfishness. Whilst he would not press members of other churches to contribute, he would urge on the members of the Wesleyan Church the necessity of giving liberally so as to remove the circuit debt for if they neglected to do this it was his belief that in the current year there would be nO spiritual success in the circuit. The absence of their farmer friends was caused by the state of the weather, but these would be waited on to do their share ; and he himself would give a certain percentage on the whole funds collected for the removal of this debt from Sunday to Friday. The choir then sang very effectively, " Praise the Lord ; exalt his name." The Hev. M. Williams, B.A., on being called on to address the meeting, said he felt it to bo alike a duty and a pleasure to be present on such an occasion, and for his own part did not care at what stage of the meeting he was called on to speak ; though when as in this instance there had been much said and well said, it was an advan tage to be called on at a late stage, as then one was not required to say much. He was placed in that position, and as the meeting had already been brought to a practical issue, he would not further detain them, but content himself by congratulating them on having attained the financial object of the meeting. The Rev. Mr. Richards had thoroughly en joyed the meeting, feeling that it had been both interesting and profitable. As it was now quite as late as these meetings ought to continue he would not test their courtesy by getting them to sit out a long speech from him. They had met to express gratitude to God, the giver of all good. The Bible taught them that God was good. There were some who entertained strange notions of God, notions which led them to ( speak harsh things of Him, and to regard Him . as a hard master, reaping where he had not sown and gathering where he had not strewn j but God was neither a bard master, nor an over bearing sovereign. He was a God of love, sympathy, and good will, and of this the greatest proof was the gift of his Son to die for sinful mail. Sometimes his providential dealings ap peared mysterious ; bat they knew that all things worked together for good to them that loved God, and who were the called according to His purpose. It was painful to sink from affluence into poverty, from health to sickness ; painful to submit to the death of friends, and those thus tried were tempted to exclaim that all things were against them; but experience showed that out of the greatest evils good results arose. Reference was made to the commercial crisis in America, by which many were beggared j but one merchant who was thus reduced said it ■was his happiest year, for though lie lost his earthly riches he acquired heavenly treasures. Many were then constrained to say " It waB good for me that I was afflicted." He trusted they would all manifest their gratitude to God, not only with their lips, but with their lives, and that the present year might be one of great spiritual prosperity. A vote of thanks to the ministers who had taken part in the meeting, to the choir, and to the representative of the Kajjunda, Serald was then moved by Mr. Batten and seconded by Mr. €L Crase. This having been carried the Chair man said "he should pass over the usual vote to himself, but would call on the choir, which be considered had acquitted itself admirably, to sing another piece. The choir then sang the Te Deum, after whioh the meeting was brought to a close in the usual manner. 