BEECHWORTH CHIPS FROM AN OLD BLOCK. ' B U IN" D L E 10. \- By Quince. While others write with philosophic force, Qtiince, in his chips, adopts a shorter course. beechwobth in a state of transition. Hold your horses, " Slocum " beep a tight rein, and don't let the leaders go dawd ling with their heads down, and noses almost touching the ground, as if there were no " polers" and coach behind. Use your whip cord freely, old flick, when you find it neces- sary to waken up the drowsy crawlers. Keep your eyes straight ahead between your leader's lugs, and make them leave the road behind them at the rate of ten miles an hour at least, for the truth is, " old boss," if vou don't keep better time the Beechworlhites will have to come " Crawford and Connolly" over you, aud ask pretty plainly whether your prads are fed with straw or corn. Now, I guess there is cause for Sam-tnule talking in this fashion, for surely if Melbourne mails are due in Beeehworth at half-past seven vr viwuu mill., ICU, Ctutuu, illIU OllCU lilLCl Lllilll that, is not the time to roll into Camp street, and unship the letter bags. Mind you, the drivers are not to blame, for at this season of the year the roads are a caution to all creation ; nor are the horses, nor the coaches Who, then, are the delinquents did you say ? It can't be Cobb aud Co., for look how the horses gallop up the hill, on their tray into the township, seemingly none the worse for their tough pull over the last part of the journey. As a natural sequence then, it must be our paternal Government, who with tlipir illiberal policy, neither give the necessary oversight to the main roads themselves nor allow any one else to do so, but parsimonious ly deal out the subsidies voted for that pur pose to Shires and District Road Boards. For here in this main road for traffic towards Beeehworth, the great entrepot of the North Eastern District, they have all these years unruly uprooted a stuuip. xnaiiic goodness the snorting of the Irou Horse will soon he heard within a " cooey" if not close to the township, and then hurrah for the ghost of George Stephenson and ourselves. Talk of great doings at Benalla on the 18tb ; don't mention it my darlings 1 Never you fear, but we will show the hoys tho way to do it dacenthj, and no mistake. By the way, I had a " big dream" a few nights ago : I fancied the day had como when the lino was to be opened to Beeehworth ; the weather was mag nificent ; it was about the month of De cember, X think. At auy rate, summer toggery was the fashion, and the number of light-colored parasols, white umbrellas, and mosquitoes about, convinced me that the sun was shining out pretty warmly, as it only does about Christmas time. Well, as I said, the last rail had been laid, aud the surround- ings of the " new station" looked spicy and pretty, decked out as the arches aud pillars were, with evergreens, ferns, and bush flowers. Just by the entrance to the town a huge arch of welcome was erected, giving all and sundry who visited the town to know that the day had arrived for the " Opening of the Beeehworth Railway," Ana emDiazonea tnereon was the device — " Welcome to Beeehworth," and her granite hills re-echoe — " Thrice welcome." Just before the arrival of the first passenger train at the Beeehworth terminus — standing on tho platform, dressed in black cloth swallow-tailed coats, and pants to match, white vests and canary-colored kid gloves, were the whole array of local celebrities (I refrain from giving names, but I could do so, as they were familiar faces to me, even in my sleep) — these were patiently waiting to be introduced by the members for the district to Sir George Bowen and his retinue. Then I distinctly saw the Beeehworth Volunteers forming a square, to leave an open space for the read ing of the addresses to His Excellency, aud to keep back the countless thousands who had come from different parts of Victoria and New South Wales to be present on the great gum uuy. tu me centre oi tie square were Captains Hughes and Trenchard, in command of their respective companies, and right well they looked, in their gay uniform. However, as the " special" camo puffing and snorting into the station amidst the loud cheers of the multitude, the Beeehworth Brass Band struck up, " See the Conquering Hero Comes," and kept playing with a will until the iron-horse stood still, and the last inch of the line had been travelled over. Sir George then stepped on to the platform, and amidst the greatest possible excitement declared the line open for traffic. The shires, road hoards, and other local bodies, were all represented. As I was mounted, hook in hand, on the raised platform, I was fairly dazzled with the grand sight — flags flying, banners waving in the breeze, drums beating, fife3 playing, cannon roaring — the whole town decked out with hunting, and the people all iu holiday attire ; the little children flocking iu thousands along Ford and Camp streets, with their merry cheery prattle, to see for the first time, a real railway steam-engine ; old grey headed grandfathers, leaning on their staffs enjoying the scene, and no doubt recalling to their minds the old land they would see no more ; and as the little cues gathered round the procession, they sang out cheerily, " God Save the Queen." The peep, although but in a dream, was worth a Jew's eye. The cheering was so general, and the rush of people so great along Ford-street, and I got ; so excited over the affair, that I dropped my " Bundle of Chips" from off my back, and awoke, disgnsted to find it was but a dream. I have since thought it might be a prophetic one, and my old girl thinks if it is not, it ought to be — so who knows ? For my part, 1 think the dream may ho fully realised, and even more, for Beeehworth is not dead yet, but in a state of transition. The steam-horse will bring the advantages of Melbourne almost to our doors ; our dusky streets will shake off their kerosene mourning regalia ; oar new railway station, and all our Government and public buildings, will be bright as day with gaslight. Oar as yet undeveloped quartz reefs will be giving splendid returns ; our alluvial workings will be in full swing ; local manufactures and colonial industries will he springing up in and about Beeehworth, and general prosperity will soon arrive. Gabby will be hailing us from every corner of our streets ; El Dorado, Chiltern, aud Wooragee will he the cry; "right away, sir;" "to the falls," sound upon the ear at every turn; and Beeehworth, so far as go-a-headism and commercial activity go, will be second to no inland town in Victoria. A little story of the early days of Beeehworth has been inciden tally brought under my notice, and as it is true in every particular, I give it a place in my " Bundle." One evening, about seven teen years ago, at the private residence of a then wealthy storekeeper, a pleasant party of friends were enjoying themselves over the " cup that cheers but not inebriates ;" among those present were the late Rev D. J. Draper, Mr Nehemiah Guthridge, the late Mr Abbott, and other friends ; the question was mooted — " Would Beeehworth ever be great ;" Mr Draper suggested that each should write his or her opinion on a slip of paper, and place it in a hat ; after all had done so, one of the parly took the Slips 6Ut C". time> ttnd read the contents ; only one of the papers is now preserved; this was written by a lady, and is as follows : — \- "When those who now in cradles lie, And hear mamma's sweet 'lullaby, Shall grow apace to man's estate — Then Beeehworth will be truly gwat." Tlie change that LAS 60 me" over the spirit of the drorm of Beeehworth. since, then, fully bears out tho prophetic Muse of the fair lady who penned the above lines. 