NEWS OF THE DAY The Newcastle Chronicle informs us that on Saturday evening nearly one thousand persons attended tbe performances of tbe Carlos and Siamese troupx; that their acts were of an astounding character, and quire new to a Newcastle audience. . -.siij _-j ? Ameetingoi the committees appointed at the various pnbllo meetings in connection with *.be metropolitan rail v. ay extension movement, was held at Mesurs. Blchard son and Wrenou's rooms, Pitt-street, at half-post 8 o'clock yesterday afternoon, and adjourned until 4 o'clock on Friday alternoon next, without transacting any business. Telegraphic advices to Brisbane from George Tosru, dated 12tli instant, state tbat the rash to the Palmer Biver is causing great excitement. .The prospectors started to return to the rnsh on the 11th, an i nearly half of the mining population— say 200— bare already left George Town, while many others are preparing to start for .the new field. Droya are nlso starting, the freights being £30 per ton. The prospeotors advise the postponement of any rush from the south until after the vet season, and stitetnat, at all eteuts, nny partiostomlngehould bring ample supplies. It will be seen on referring to our advertising eolumus tbat 'JJaehelder's Ooloaslau PantoBcope of a tour through Amarioa will be on exhibition, for a short season only, at tbe School of Arts, commencing on Monday, the SSth lnatsnt. Since its last exhibit here, Mr. Bachelder has visited Tasmamo, Ylctoi is, aud Queensland; in all of whioh place* ho was well received. Mr. Henry Eastwood, one of tlio mp-t Indefatigable of agents accompanies him. ' Those of ' our readers who have not seen this wonderful Fpleee - of mechanism, pourtraylng, as it -iba«, some -X the most stirring soenes of American life, giving a good idea of that vast, con tinent, of whioh so muoh has been said and written, but at the same time so Uttle understood, will do well to pay tbe School of Arts a visit and see the list exhibit in Syda»y. In answer to questions ; is the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Mr. Sutherland said It was expected tbat the plans and sections of tberailray axtenslonto .W«£(p» Waggawillbe submitted to Parliament Jby .'the middle of .October ; and those of the extensions to.Oraage and'TaiDjrortii by thoendof Ootober. An order for a 'portion of the rails required will besent to England by the ne«t mail: It Is mot oonsidwed advisable to place the whoW of tbe order for- rails upon the market at one tlma. The Colonial Secretary stated, whilst giving information respeoOiiff *be commission appointed to {squire Into public obarit-e-, tUat the .president of the commission receive* a lee of 4 guineas a sitting, con. official members Sgnloeas a sitting, and official members 14 guinea a sitting.' Those who are members of iparjlajpieat' receive nofees. The amoant of fees already paid Is L76vi6B ; saianrtothsseoretary, USMls8d . and expenses of 'Short- hand writer, I486 -s. Toe volunteer 'land orders Tor this year, will nbt boissned before thetflst pepember:; ; Tucker Tucker' Jemmy, alias American Jemmy, an aboriginal, has been brought' up at lnverell. In custody of tbe police, -ehargtd with murder and escaping from custody. Constable Edward William Daly, stationed at Artriord, deposed : At daylight on the morning of the Srd Instant,, from something I heard, I weat to a blacks', camp ontheSeveni Blver, twenty mile* frbnr-'Ashfbrd, and saw the prisoner there. When I saw him, he was trying to o»h ceal himself in some bushes. In tbe PpliccGvxttel produoe, dated 8eptemb«r, 1870, be isgarettfld at having escaped from another constable, named Li Bocbe, whilst conveying him from Vanilla to Tamworth. Prisoner aniwere the descrip tion given. I asked the prisoner his name, and he made no reply. I then told aim i charged him witb&iriog.innrdered;' a blackfellow at Bogabrllla staHon. I then again asked his nsme.and he slid American Jemmy. , X innnlred whether it was not Tucker Tucker Jemmy, ana he toala they called him so. tapply for prisoner to be reminded to Tamwortti. Pri soner was under commlttalto TamWrtli at tbe time of his escape. Frisoner, in aogirsr to the Bench, said be did not get away from the .constable. Tbe .polioe magistrate remanded him to Tamwerth. ? ? i; ' Verdi's grand opera, ' Macbeth,' \na per formed lost Bifbt, at tbe Victoria Theatre, before* fall though not crowded house, and was rendered with 'great fin and spirit by all the artistes engaged, but particularly by Bigoor Oollva and Slgnora Zenonl, who sustained tbe principal ohanmters, Tbe sleep-walking or dagger scene, by Signora Zenonl, was as perfect an impersonation as anything snort of the reality could be. The Slgnora was In splendid voice, and fully sustained the title we gave bar when sac «ang In this city last season, namely, ' the quean of song.' There Is such a riobnsas and beaut) in bar roloo,*ndi-er style Is so impas sione-tand dramatio, that she fairly palots thescsaesof the' opera before the eye, whilst sha rspreseDts their associated' sounds to the ear. Signer -Ooy played Maoduff,- and Slgnor Dondl, B»nquo; and we need scarcely say tbat both obancten werawsll represented. Tbe orchestra went through their part of the performance with grrat arispnessaud vigour. Tbe maticof the opera is essentially Italian, rery melodlons and pretty, and fomeof itanmatac.; bnt then tbereare tome portions of it n Jjicu, we Jhinli, bant r i meaning, nr at least not an approcriats meaning, It may 1 - that Verdi Is not exactly the musical gsnlni to graBp in i- iind tbe character of Macbeth as drawn by 'he great muter i.i dramatic art. Tbe accompaniment* to most of the i. elodies are uomophonio— that Is, they are designed to sustain and embellish the melodies, but otherwise hare no meaning. This rtmarV, however, does not apply to ths music of the sleep-walking scene, nor jet to tbat which accompanies the combat near the close of the opera, nor yet to the pretty little ballet in tbe spectre scene, wherein all the ghosts in the theatre flit before the eyes of the alarmed hem of the drama. Blgnor Ooliva won golden eplnlons from all sides of the Uoues by his spl'odid elnfing and acting, and Iwth be and Slguora Zenonl had to reappear several time* at tbe dose ef the acts, tn reoeivs the praises, which they so fairly earned. We believe ' Luorezia Borgia' Is on the programme for to-night. A tea and public meeting, to welcome the Rev. J. SpaUlng to the pastorate of thelMmitive Kcthodiit Church, in Baglan-stieet, Waterloo (rice the Eev. Mr. Wil liams, now stationed at Gympie, Queensland), took place last evening. Tbe ennreb was tastefully decorated (or the occa sion, with ferns, to. A well-prepared tea hating been par taken of by upwards of 100 persons, a public meeting was held afterwards, presided over by Mr. F. A. Krelnius. Toe pro oeedUgs haricg heen opened with prayer, the chairman said that he thought the present ocoasion waa one for det-out thankfulness, for the congregation bad now a patter whose energy of character and earnest labeurt would prove a valuable addition to the ministry of Christ's work In tbeir district. TheBar. Mr. Bpalding then addressed the meeting at considerable length, explalnisg some of the oiwous duties of a minister, and conoluded with thanking tbe meeting In suitable terms for tba hearty welcome preheated to him. He stated that hs intended to open a Sunday-school in the church, without delay. The Sevs. Messrs. J. Bpalding (nf Newtown), J. Lloyd, E. C.Pritehard. and J. westoot follnn-ed in speeohes expressive ef their testimony that Mr Bpsldln? would be earnest In his labours, and foremost in every good work concerning the glory of their Divine Muter. They referred to the great amount of w*)rk to bs done in tbe district, urging Mr. Bpalding not to be discouraged, and they made an appeal to the congregation to support bim in his temporal and spiritual labour*. The meeting closed at 10 ?'dock. Berriou were held In tbe chnroh on last Lord's day. to celebrate tbe commencement of Mr. Bpalding's pastorate. Tbe newly- appointed minister preaehsd in the morning and evening; ths Eev. T. Gainford In the afternoon. At each of j tbe services collections were made to defray the expenses and j trust fund. | 