IPSWICH. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT ) August 15. THE Criminal Sittings of the Circuit Court opened here on Monday morning, before His Honor Acting Judge Pring the Attorney- General appeared to prosecute, a fact which is rather noteworthy, as I scarcely remember when we were favored previously with a glimpse of his benevolent physog I don't know whether the fact of there being only one prisoner to try, and that one being undefended, and the charge against her being us clear as clear as daylight, had anything to do with his appearance here this time; but so it was, and he had the court all to himself, nobody interfering with him in any way Ann Coleman, a resident of Goodna, was the only person whose name appeared on the calendar. She was charged with stealing a wincey dress, the property of Martin Thornton, of Goodna. From the evidence it appears that Senior-constable Hunter, in charge of the Good- na police station, obtained a search-warrant, and found the dress on the prisoner's premises, concealed at the butt of a banana tree. On the prosecutor's wife identifying the dress, the prisoner offered her terms to make a compromise, which were, however, refused. The prosecutor's wife produced a portion of a wincey dress similar in color and material to the one stolen. The prisoner made no defence, and did not attempt to state how she came by the dress the jury returned a verdict of guilty. A second charge of stealing fowls, a sheet, and a pocket handkerchief, was preferred against the same prisoner Mr Daniel M'Farlane, of Six-mile Bridge, was the prosecutor. Two hens, a large sheet, and a linen pocket handkerchief were pro- duced in Court The latter was branded with the prosecutor's initials and a number, and the whole of the articles were identified by Mrs M'Farlane. The prisoner attempted to show that she had been in the habit of receiving wearing apparel, bed linen, &c.;, from Mrs M'Farlane to wash at her own house, and that the goods re- ferred to were a portion of some which she had inadvertently omitted to send home the fowls, she said, had been left at her house by a man whose name she was unable to give. A verdict of " guilty" was also returned in this case, and a sentence of nine months' imprison- ment with hard labor was inflicted upon the prisoner for the joint offences, There was no civil business to come before the Court. There has been a little excitement within the past week or so regarding politics. The distri- bution of the electors' rights is causing a little stir, and, as a matter of course, those applying ask numerous questions, and occasionally volun- teer their views on matters and things in general. It is now a fact beyond doubt that there will be two candidates in the field for the electorate of Ipswich-that of the town proper -viz., the Hon. J Malbon Thompson, present Minister for Works and Mines, and the Hon. Arthur Macalister. Great speculations exist as to the probabilities of the contest. Mr. Thompson has a great many admirers, and has been a general favorite all along, and they are not few who confidently as- sert that he will be returned again at the head of the poll. But, as I said before in one of my letters, his views on the education question have caused many even of his ardent admirers to hesitate in speaking in his favor, and I am aware that a number who otherwise would have voted for him will reluctantly withhold their sup- port. Mr. Macalister, on the other hand, is a general favorite, and is, in my opinion, in the safer position of the two. No one doubts his abilities as a statesman ; and people say, with no small degree of fairness, that he was the only representative for the town who ever at- tended to her interests as they should be attended to, or who ever obtained any advantage for her. His own mind is pretty easy on the point, as he is confident of obtaining his seat without any difficulty. For West Moreton no less than three candidates have been before the public—Mr Ferrett, in the Government, and Messrs J. Leith Hay and James Foote in the liberal interest Mr Hay has withdrawn in favor of Mr Foote, whose chance was thought to be the better of the two, and it was not deemed wise to divide the Liberal interest, seeing that Mr Ferrett will not be so readily defeated as some would seem to suppose, as he has obtained the character of being honest in his purpose, consistent in his political character, and independent of any party where he deems it necessary to observe a different line of pro- cedure. For the Bundamba electorate, Mr George Bashford, a contractor on the Ipswich and Brisbane extension of the Southern and Western Railway, is the only candidate. His nomination, which is supposed to be in the liberal interest, is generally looked upon as a " blind," although I have not heard the name f of any other candidate mentioned in connection with the electorate. The Bremer electorate does not seem to belong to anyone, I don't hear a single name mentioned in connection with it. At Fassifern, where Mr George Thorn, jun., "hangs out," I believe it is the intention of Mr Samuel Hodgson to give him a run for it, and I am told, by persons who are inti- mately acquainted with the district, that the latter gentleman might seriously surprise Mr Thorn before the elections are over. I had almost for- gotten to mention the Stanley electorate, Mr F. A. Forbes' choice. Mr Pettigrew, merchant, of this town, has had a requisition to stand for this electorate to oppose Mr Forbes. From all I can gather, however, Mr Pettigrew does not seem to have " the ghost of a chance," of which he seems to be thoroughly aware, as he does not " bother his head " in the matter one way or the other. The electors in the various dis- tricts are securing themselves against being dis- franchised, the applications for rights to vote being numerous. There has been an unusual amount of Police Court business since I last wrote you. It would seem as if the people were endeavoring to make up for tho spell of good conduct which they had taken for the few weeks previously John Wilson was brought up in charge for threatening a German named Godfrey Krcuz, whoso house he entered and would not quit, but continued to threaten and disturb the owner, who was obliged to seek the protection of the law. He was bound over, in the sum of £20, to be of good behaviour for three months. John Smith was charged by William Adam Smith, Nuisance Inspector, with using insulting language to him by calling him a liar in the public street. He was fined 40s and costs. A lengthy series of cases and cross- cases between Catherine and Ellen Martin against John Smith and various members of his family came on for hearing, and occupied the Court the greater part of two days. The quarrels arose out of the impounding of cattle, and the charges were malicious injury to property, illegal impounding, assault, abusive language, &c.; Some of the cases fell through from informality, and in others where some hard swearing occurred, the testimony being conflict- ing, the Bench dismissed the charges. Eliza- beth Brecht charged Joseph Spooner with assaulting her, by catching hold of her horse's bridle and attempting to pull her off her horse. Tho defendant was found guilty, and ordered to pay a fine of 20s with costs. A cross-case for assault between the defendant in the previous case and complainant's wife, was dismissed, as justification was proved. A further case of Jane Geige's, sister of Spooner, against Elizabeth Brecht, for insulting language, was also dis- missed. An amateur entertainment was given at the School of Arts on Wednesday evening last, in aid of the building fund for a new Sunday- school in connection with the Church of Eng- land at North lpswich. The performances were of a musical and dramatic nature, our principal star amateurs taking part in the proceedings. lhe Volunteer Band also rendered their assist- ance. The attendance of the public was fair The Queen's Variety Troupe have been on a visit to this town, and drew crowded houses for three nights in succession Bachelder's panto- scope of a tour through America opens to-night. The Primitive Methodists of this town held the anniversary of their Sunday-school on last Sunday. Sermons were preached by Rev. J. Addison and Mr lohn C Foote. A tea-meet- ing was held on Tuesday evening at which ad- dresses were delivered by the Revs. C. H. Eager, G. W. R. Stephinson, and T.S. Gerrard, of this town, and Mr C. Fletcher, of Sydney. A gathering of the Sunday-school scholars of the united schools of the town took place on Sunday last, at St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, when an address was delivered to some eight hundred young people and adults, by the Rev. Dr Nesbitt, of the London Missionary So- ciety, on his Iabors in tho islands of the Pacific Ocean. £10 was collected at the meeting in aid of the missions. 