KADINA December 11, 1873. Service'- in connection with the enlargement yf the Wcsleyan Church of this town were heid on Sabbath and Monday last. Additional church accommodation has been the great want, and repealed and numerous applications ibr sittings have at last induced the Trustees to undertake the work of adding a transept to 1he church, and also a large school-room at the rear. Mr. J. Nottle is the successful tenderer for the work, the cost of which will he about The foundation-stone of the transept and schools was laid on Monday last in the presence of a large number of spectators, by John Colton, Esq., J.V., of Adelaide. At the appointed time the foundation service was commenced by the Rev. S. Knight. Chairman of the Northern District, announcing the appropriate hymn, " Thou who hast in '/Aon laid, the true foundation-stone." He also offered prayer, and afterwards read the Stubbs then recapitulated the contents of the jar in which the usual memorials were placed, including a document of which the following is a copy:— " This memorial-stone of the Kadina Wesley an Church and Schools was laid by John Colton, Esquire, merchant, Justice of the Peace, of the City of Adelaide, on Monday, December 8, Anno Domini 1373, which is the 37th year of Her Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria's propitious reign, and the first of His Excellency Anthony Musgrave Esquire's administration of the Province of South Australia; the Hon. Arthur Blytli being the Chief Secretary of the Province; F. W. Gurner, Esquire, the Mayor of the corporate town of Kadina; Rev. T. Williams, President of the Australasian Conferences ; Itev. W. L. Jiinks and S. Kuiglu Chairmen South Australian Districts; Revs. S. Knight and A. Stubbs Ministers of the Wallaroo Circuit, which on the instant of division contains HDD Church members. . r >l) clas leaders, 38 local preachers, 3J _teachers, 2000 Sabbath scholars, and 4400 attendants on public worship—worshipping in nine churches containing 4200 sittings—with three parsonages. " The Trustees of the Church are Revs. J. Watsford and H. Hath; Messrs. 1\ W. Ourner, It. \V. liawden, W. Harris, J. -Secombe, J. Martin, Derrington, J. Phillips, S. Gribble, lv Daniel, J. lieaglehole, It. Webster, M. Debbie, J. Waters, W. Nankervis, W. Pryor, W. Dickenson, A. Harris, and li. W. Nicholls. "Architect, K. Kcc-s, Ksq.,- C.E., 31.1\ Builder, Mr. Nottle." The cylinder contained copies of the daily journals, the Yorb's P<-nii,snl Wallaroo Times, Minutes of Conference, the Wesleyan Magazine, all the circuit plans of the colony, and Government Gazettes containing proclamation of Kadina incorporation and byelaws of the town. The stone bore the following inscription ;— This foundation stone was laid by John Cnlton, Esq.. J.P., on Monday, December 5S, 1 It. Jtct-s, Esq Architcct, Joseph Xottle, Builder. J. Coi.TGJf, Esq., having mounted the platform, received from the hands of His Worship the Mayor of Kadina (F. W. Gurner, Esq.) a very handsomely engraved and inscribed trowel, with which he proceeded in the accustomed way to perform this most interesting ceremony, saying—" In the name of the Father, Sou, and Holy Ghost I declare this foundation-stone truly laid, and may the Triune God bless this undertaking." He then addressed the audience, remarking that whilst he had been standing in the midst of that gathering he had mentally contrasted that occasion with the last similar ceremony in which he had been called to perform the like duty. It was the laying the foundation-stone of the Draper Memorial Church. He fervently trusted that this would he an equally successful undertaking. (Cheers.) It had been his good fortune to have been ccnnected with the building of a large number of churches in this colony, and it was with no small satisfaction that he was enabled to recount the fact that many of them had been, in the results achieved, very successful in the work for which they were specially dedicated. Alight this be the case also as regarded their present project! He did net know why he had been specially invited to perform this duty; but he recognized their kindness and the honor done to him. Certainly, it might have been known to them that he had been thirty-two years in the colony, was a witness of its very earliest stages of development, and had taken no small degree of interest in the progress of Wesleyan Methodism during that time. Iiut he thanked his friend, the Rev. S. Knight, for having invited him to come to Kadina to take part in that cercmony. They all knew Mr. Knight's way of working. (Cheers.) His motto was, "Come; come, and we'll do it," not "Go, and do it." (Laughter and applause.) Now he (the speaker) liked men of that stamp, and lie would do all he could at all times to help such a thorough-hearted, earnest-miudjd man as the Rev. Mr. Knight—-(cheers)—and he confessed that he had been largely influenced by that rev. gentleman in the matter of the present visit, lie was pleased to learn that the enlargement of the Church proceeded from a direct necessity, and that it was not commenced before it was wanted. Indeed, he had learned that the general opinion was that this alteration should have been made at least two years ago. If this were the fact, then it must be obvious that some of those around him owed a considerable amount in the way of interest on the donations they should have then given! (Hear, hear; and laughter.) He held that when a necessity presented itsolf, they ought to address themselves to the proper measures for its immediate remedy. He hoped that thorough heartiness would characterise this undertaking, and that they would do their best to carry it out—aye, even to the opening the enlarged church without debt. " Hut that is impossible," some might say. He would reply, not at all. They bad only to apply their good old Cornish motto with a will, and die thing would be done—(hear, hear)—and if they were prepared to help themselves, he was prepared to give a helping hand. Of course his name should not appear at the head of the list whilst His Worship the respected Mayor of the City stood by !—(laughter)—but some help he would give. He begged to thank them for the handsome trowel the Trustees of the Church had presented to him. It should be handed down as a memorial to his children, and he trusted would operate as an incentive to them to work in the good cause of Church extension. At the close of this address some children connected with the congregation, who had engaged themselves in collecting monies in aid of the Building Fund, laid their offerings on the stone, to the amount of about £"15. and a collection was taken up with satisfactory results. The Rev. Mr. IJRXKS, Chairman of the Southern District, followed with an excellent address, the effect of which was, however, unfortunately much marred by the inopportune advent of a dust storm. He said he endorsed with his admiration many of the sentiments of the preceding speaker, as he had for a long time the principle upon which that gentleman acted in relation to religious matters. He was one of those who believed in helping the cause of God whilst he lived, not leaving his benevolences only when he died. The principle was a sound one to acknowledge God s.11 through life, and he should be glad to see Mr. Colton's plan more generally followed. He himself felt great in teres, in that occasion, as one of a series of evidences of the rapid growth and prosperity of the Peninsula. Indeed, to him it appeared as if Yorke's Peninsula was the only part of the colony where a really satisfactory kind of prosperity prevailed. There had been a large influx of population, and hence a direct necessity for increased church accommodation for that population. He trusted they would not.limit their eliorts to a provision of church acuiottilflation; but that they would, especially at the present lime, also provide :-mple , room for the Sunday- school children. (Hear, 1 hear.) They were bound to give the most j earnest attention to the training of the young; | and his opinion was that any Church neglecting I that part of its duty must rapidly decline, and ! would soon cease to have an existence. Whilst i the branch of the Christian Church witli which j lie was connected was distinctive from others, and sought to increase its influence in every justifiable way, it entertained no enmities: it simply pursued a course of what he believed to be a righteous and justifiable rivalry, in which they were the friends of all and the enemies of none. (Applause.) For himself he couli say he was rejoked that there were so many Churches of different kinds upon the Peninsula, and whilst he wished God speed to all his brethren of other denominations, he hoped the Methodist Church would take the lead in making provision for the spiritual wants of the people and the education of the young. He could with satisfaction assure them with respect to that and similar efforts at church extension they would be secure, under the -Methodist system of Church discipline, of having sound Christian doctrine taught in their pulpits; and they might be confidently assured that no minister would be permitted to continue in the office of public teacher whose views became unsound. (Applause.) He repeated his congratulations and wishes for their success; and after a few further remarks closed the proceeding!--. Shortly afterwards the hospitalities of abundant and richly provided tea-tables were offered to the company, who evidenced in a substantial way their appreciation of the kindness of the ladies of the congregation who had undertaken the burthen of this portion of the proceedings. The public meeting was largely attended, and Mr. Colton presided. He addressed himself more particularly to the young men, and urged upon them to "seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, &c.;," and to set out in the right direction. They would be subjected to tests, they would be tried severely in setting out s in life, but they were to resist temptation in the name of God ; do right, be linn, and success was sure. The ^choir then rendered very effectively the " Coronation anthem," aft«r which Mr. Secombe read the Treasurer's report, which showed the present debt existing on the church was £400 ; this added to the sum £|,80lJ would bring their liabilities to something like JC2,2(J0. Towards this about JL'.JOO had been raised, inclusive of cash and promises, of which was contributed by the firm represented by the chairman. The Rev. ft. KELLY, (Bible Christian) next addressed the meeting. He felt the bonds of brotherhood existed between them, and was glad to b'J with them. They had undertaken a great work, and he felt sure they intended e making it a success. The end of enlarging and extending their borders was the building of the church in the salvation of souls. In the conversion of a soul increased moral, social, and intellectual influences and agency were gained. Humhie workers in the vineyard h id often won those were able and who had done a great <] C al more than they themselves could do. He would wish them success in their undertaking. The anthem, " Lord what is man," wa s very sweetly sung by the choir. The Rev. W. L. B ; >"KS followed. He was what he called a Liberal and yet a Conservative ; he believed in every one- keeping to his own church. There was room for ecclesiastical reform in tlie chu cl'.es. They often trod upon each other's toes instead of being bound together in tile bonds of christian love. The rev. gentleman, in an effective address, th cn referred to the progress of the Church of Christ in these modern days, and spoke of the tendencies of the times, referring especially the taste of the young men and women for light and Quixotic literature instead of cultivating their minds in that which would be useful to the in this life as well as in the life to come. He also spoke very effectively on the power and adaptability of the Gospel to all ranks of men and modern times. Christianity was the great antidote for the world's errors. With succeeding generations theories, thoughts, and systems would change, but the Gospel of Christ would stand for ever the same. The rev. gentlemen was listened to with attention, and repealed applause testified to the delight of the audience. The proceeds of the services reached the sum of £250. The concert in aid of the Roman Catholic Church Harmonium fund took place last night, and passed off successfully. The house was crowded. NGKTHEIIN TEEBITOEY.—A Correspondent of the Advertiser, writing from Palmerston says -.—All the money that has been spent yet on Palmerston has been foreign capital; not a sixpence has been raised in the Territory. The brightness of Palmerston is attributable to the simplicity, kindness, and generosity of the people of Adelaide and other parts of South Australia. The game has been expertly played by the Chiefs o' the North ;"' the gold fever spread in the South as the ague does in the North ; the reefing mania softened the hearts that were before as hardas flint, and loosened the purse strings of the miser for the development of a country which will yet be wealthy, in spite of die many originaldisadvantages to be overcome. Once confidence was secured in the Northern Territory, parties were equipped and supplied with every requisite, placed under manager, called captains a name of .South Australian origin, and dispatched to prospect the country. These captains are supposed to be all men of honor, and would not for a moment stoop to deceive the men who supply the bone and the sinew of the enterprise. This is what Palmerston people say of many of the captains :—As soon as thev arrive they send the men in charge a few miles out of town, whilst they themselves sport a spotless white summer suit, and, under the shade of an umbrella, move from one public-house to the other for the purpose of indulging in Yankee grab, or in spouting about the unlimited resources of the couutry. Occasionally one of the men comes in for a drink, reports that the party saw a leader, and thereupon the captain forwards a telegram to the Company in Adelaide—" New discovery, splendid show, send machinery." One captain is said not to have left Palmerston for six weeks, and during that time to have sent a weekly telegram to the Company explaining the nature of the sinking and the quality of the stones raised. Under these circumstances a great crisis must be looked for in Adelaide Many Companies will never receive one sixpence of return for the capital raised, and Palmerston must suffer lo a greater or less extent a collapse unless some alluvial is shortly discovered. 1 am convinced, however, that some of the mining managers are men of sterling honesty, who would not decive ; just as there are some reefs that are genuine. There may, in fact, be some very good crushings i ere, but the sanguine anticipation of Adelaide speculators are not likely to be realised. 