ORIOKEh GOosSIP S [B S .nonTs.r ]: : . So we are to have the English cricketers after all. The allnounconent was, received hint Tuesday week by tilhe Sdretary of the L. C. ., and the asuito ho, paid for one match to be played at Launceston is£350 besides the expenses incurred in bringing the team fronm Melbourne. 'I' considor this the best. criketing news' chronicled this season ; and. now that . negotiations are finally cldsed, it becomes the dutyi of those most interested to sea that Northeroni Tasmania will not be poorly represented on that all aspicious occasion. Opinions have been freely expressed as to the beat means of providing a team to moot the champions, all agroing, for obvious rea sons, that it would be unposaiblo to play a match'at each end of tlh' island, and therefore I particularly supported the movement of having a match . played at Iauriceston between 22 Northernors and the English team, on the grounds that by taking more interest in thi game in anti cipation of being chosen to, play in a: match against Grace,, thei players of tho North would be greatly, benefited,, and cricket itselfbo advanced. another .stago towards perfection. If certain individuals both here and at Hobart Tjwn are so sanguine about the result of th-'iiiitch in Launceston, and fearthat the cricketing powers of Grace will not be brought out in their true colors, why do they not de vise a plan in which this "playing" with Grace will be done away with. It has been distinctly asserted that arrangements cannot be made so as to allow combined teams playing at eacl end of the island, and'therefore I lay before the cricketing public at large the following propositions: \- st. That as the Northern cricketers proceed to Hobart Town this year, it would be advisable to arrange that the matoh, to be played at Launceston between the North and Grace's eleven shall take place just before the Northern men leave for the capital. 2nd. That provided the above is agreed to, the Southern Associa tion enter into negotiations for a match with Grace to be played at Hobart Town, and also ask the Northern men to co operate, the match to take place imme diately before or after the grand one. Thus a very strong team wouldbo brought together, and enthusiasts would be quite satisfied with the result. I do not offer this proposition with the assurance that it will be accepted, but in the spirit of. a thorough lover of the noble game, and' dictated by far higher motives than' those of selfisnlmss. The first match of the season-Town v. Country--came off last Monday week, resulting in 'a comparatively easy victory for "our" representatives. An excelloit report having alroeay appeared in these columns, itis unnecessary for me to de scribe the individual play of each man, and I will therefore confine my remarks to those worthy of special notice, whether complimentaryorotherwiso. Out of the 242 runs scored by the Townites, G. Bailey contributed OD, J. Martin 40, and T. Hogg 33. These players batted in true cricket-like style, showing none ofi that stiffness which cricketers are apt to inistake forgood play, because a person call "block' and wlho never thinks about hitting. There are limits, however, and Martin, I fancy, made rather too free with the ball, hitting at sonime dangerous "breakers,"'and it was only by'the ghost ofa claniice that ho was not bowled' before he entered double figures. logg's 33 were scored in an almost faultless style ; in fact I never remember seeing him bat with more confidence. 20 for laymes is not a great score, and he can easily in crease it on futli'r occasions if lie rids himself of the desirb to " slbg." - go lse' greatly improved during' the last season or two, and now ranks witll our flist-class men. Collins and Atkinson played well for their respective scores. 0. Glenn (27 not out) played the best innings for the Country, but lie would do better if he exhibitei more elasticity in his miove ments and gave over: that stillness of play so apparent on Saturday week. ITe renowned J. Arthur received his quietus frot Hogg after, he had scored,, 10, in the shapo of.a "deceiver" which broke in, the batsman freely hitting at it. His brother .aeorge, however, scored 18 by neat play. I).. Burke, 10 first innuigs and 20 not out second innings, and J. Boatty, 21, fairly, earned their iinutber of nruns, the .latter being a regular "I teaser." Taking 'the'batting on the whole, it. must be onsidered as on'coiiraging; but hot so with the fielding. Why this importait' featuro' iii tlhogatno is neglected 1 'cannot? tiako oit, but such seoms to be the 's'ae. The Lain aestonýmen, it is true, fllded very well :it the first, bit as the pamne drc tq wards its conclusion " mullung" ' bcame in vogio, and a general laziness exited. In refrenice to the fielding 6f' thd Cotin try nothing can be said. nits favor, barring that of Lyttloton, and 'the long stopping of'G. Arthur. hblising catch'e' w'as a conmmon occurrence, rnd'.to mako a catch something extraordinary. ' ' Practice matches are now established, and players begin to see the beneficial results arising .therefrom. Still they have not reached that state of porfoo tion I should like to see, for over and anon a member icill Imanifest a want of interest sullicioint to guarantoe that he takes a delight in what ho'is doing. Let this feoling be dispelled! and the gamu of cricket in Tasmania will increase with rapid strides. The unamiable spirit whilh the doml nanco of; decision of chlractor is apt to engender, manifests itself unconsciously in all transactions of lifeo. There sa no 1 ieed of going through this crowded wod Id with the arms akimbo, and sharp'elbows 1 thrusting into everybody's side. Tiho 'itan wlho amid a throng of peoplo at tempts thus to make his way ivill meet I with resaistane,and porhcance hard knooks i in return i while lie who keeps his elbows closely by his sidoi stands uprighti tieads I oil nobody's toes,. and says gently oyet in a dignified manner, "y your' leeave, i Sir," is sure to open a iirot 'path to the I object in view. This is an entirely dif- I f6rent mode from an obsequious atyle of ' what is called " ourrying favor." All the s weorld agree to hate teanntess, although i I admit heore is some diversity of opinion I1 as to what constitutes the unpopular i eiormilty. Words may be construed so ( as to meet the requirements of partias I ncorilihod, and thereby mislead the phblio. 'Such I would take to be the do- I s-ro of " Fact," judgitg from what lie ilts forth in a somuwowhat lengthy and "lhurriod " letter which appoared l tills paper, some short time I blick. Ho oendeavors to imako out, hiy milsreprosontation, tihat I am altogethler "one- sided," anid at onmity with the Southern Association. He also trios to a niake out that I do not' care 'anythitig about the granud display of cricket that would result from a combhlnod natchl with I Graico, and tlihat I would be satisildd so long as thie English team plays at Lauln coaton, nud finishlud by stating that I Srovel iln ulasrpresentinlg Boitlhornt urickoters." Je s nililol nhil lit. To this 'prosuunptioun I forbear ia reply, knowingvl that " 'act" doues not inatulato thel prac tlou of a poerfoot self-control, ltld Iesaunlue a nlutiie, quite inaipproilrlato to his writliigs. il pniit of f(ct, I do not fairly tunder :tan|l Ilis llisilllttions, for lio has uiiiues- a tlonably jtumblud together what I said ^* .with that! of what'ho tonnsa" uerile writori," advancud;innd which is the first intimationI' have received of the latter being ,oonnocted with this controversy. Htowover, I have n6 wiish to bandy words with l" Fact," or any writor, and thore foro I wish tho little unploasantness to closo witli this article. iThe match between the L. 0. C. and Entally takes place to-morrow, on the Launceston ground, when I intend to :be there. His Excelleney the Gover nor has signified his willinguess to bo present, and I hope members will be punctual. Nov. 21., ' i, 