LAUNCEBTON MtKSKiiTATlON CO& VENT. BKcBrooji or' Tirj: jjiiei veil. At nine o'clock yesterday morning, tbe ceremony of conferring the black veU took Place in the Church of the Apostles, adjoin. Jog the Presentation Convent, Louncetton The Imly pnttulant was ifittThcreta Horncr' ?»-« ?*«---, cttyof UobartToimTnowBuS dignitaries and clergymen of tlie church were present, ofllclaUligand witting at the ordination:_Ui, Urdthlp. th. Mostilev. D. ''A »?».. {tonisn 6stlulk Ulthop of Hobart Town , the Very Kcv. \V. J. Dutrae. yicsr-GenoMl, Hobart Tomi , the Vcrv llcv. Ucau T. J. Butler. D.I).,Uunceslon7 '?e Ber. U. F. X. Jleccl,iuor. llohart Tqw! V18,''- ?-?'»»»'. Westbury, the Bov.J J. SlcKornan, tougford , Ilcv. J, Noone Torquay; Kev. M. J. Beochluor, Camobel Tcmoi the Kcv. IS. F. Walsh, Uoloiaino and tho Rov. J. Fechau, Launocston A few minuta alter o o'clock the proces sion entered, and proceeded through the church Inthefollowlugorder :-8lx acolytes in pairs bearing lighted tapers, followed tv tht pricsu and BUhop, the crossbeartr Miss Theresa. Iltdneld-atteo led by alx chil dron dressed In white, and also bearing lighted tapen t tiro ulsters of the convent carrying tapers , the postulant, followed by two -other asters, and tho lady superioress^ all bearing tapers. In this order thVproctsi slon reached the altar aud took their respec tive places. '^ | Tha Itev. J. Ilogan officiated Db oelobrant Dcocon-lUv. E. F. Walsh, I Sub- Deacon-Uer. M. J. Dceehlnor. Master ot Or«nonte»— Kct. J. Feehan The Ilcv. M. 3. Boechinor, Campbell Town, dclivci-cd the sermon, selecting for bis taxt ' If any man will come after me, let him drny himself, and take up his cross tnd follow uic. For whosoever will save his life I shall lota It i «nd whosovcr will lose bis life for my take shall find It.' (Matt, xvt it, JS.) The rov. gentleman dwelt at tome length upon the good resolution of the postulant In Ignoring secular pursuits and devoting berllfe to God't talltudc He touched upon poverty, and said that Unco the days of the apostles' through all nget, it was the handmaid of the church i that at the resurrection virgins wouldadthcr be msrriednorgiresin marriage, and concluded a most befitting and eloquent discourtc by Impresiisg upon »U to lead good and holy lives. After tha sermon, the Bishop who was robed throughout the ceremony in tall canonicals, advanced to the altar nils where the r-ntulant,Hcv. Mother, and the other Sitters of Charity and Mercy knelt. Tho llishop-My child, what do you de mand ? Postulant — Though roost unworthy, ray Lord, I Iwsecch you to receive me to the holy profession. The BUhop— Do you think yourself snf ficlently instructed iu what regards the in stitute of this convent, tlie essential vows of rellgloa, tbe rules and constitution, and do you know well to what you propose to oblige touraclf in making Hub profession T l'oslulant— Yea, my Lord, with tbe grace of God, Bishop— May the Lord grant you perse verance iu this your holy resolution, and may He deign in lilt mercy to contummste what He has heguu. *?- tuc itauiu u* uie r jiuii-r, auq oi vie BOB, and of the Holy Ghost. l'ostulsnt— Amen. During the celebration of the eaertfioe of the -!au, appointed for such occasions, and at Ihcbcnodlction, the choir, underthc leader ship of Mr Itoper, chanted as follows :— Jfyrir.Mottrt's 12th ; G/on'a, Uozart's 18th ; Offertory, Tu e, gloria; Sawlut, ScbmUll'i, inC; /Wifer.., Ilelsdi; .AoimsDei, Weber; Tanlun ergo, /W'/o, Dm Uitereatw. The benediction ovct, the procession re formed and returned to the convent In re verted order. Notwithstanding the KrtnjUl' inclemency of Ihc weather, and the early hour of the morning, there were a (treat many present at their devotions, as well at those of other persuasions who attended ta witness to novel and Imposing a ceremony. 