COLONIAL REMINISCENCES. BUSH MYBTBBIES. - THE Australian bosh by moonlight, nnd moro especi- ally those ban-en tracts or stony-ridges whero tho white gum is the prevailing vegetation, hos a strangoly weird and unearthly aspect, oven to tho oyo of tho most matter-of-fact and prosaic wanderer. Tho great trees, with their contorted, naked, boney-looking limbs, twis- ted and turned in every-direetiou, look Uko gigantic ghosts indulging in a frantic corroboree. Moonlight scenes of this kind have n strange fascination for imaginativo people, and especially for children ; and it is not nt lill improbable, that tho singular feelings of fear and attraction, dread and curiosity, thus awakened, have been the causo which has iuduced many imagin- ativo children to wander away into tho bush "in tho gloainiug," and thus lose themselves. Jenny Morgan was a little girl of a very delicate and sensitive orgauisation, and her mind was of a highly imaginative nature. She wa« an only child, and had been taken by her parente, when little moro than an infunt, to n remoto clearing, whero her mother was her only fenialo companion, and having no children to converso or plbv with, Jenny very naturally foll into tho habit of making friends of the dumb creatures and inanimate objects arouud her. Great natural timidity, joined to her mother's strict injunctions, prevented her from ever catering tho bush, consisting mostly of gigan- tic white gums, which bordered tho flat on which her father's little farm was situated. Mr«. Morgan died, and Jenny wa3 left quito alono tho greater part of her time She was a beautiful and lutolligont, but strange litt'o creature. Next to her mother sho loved n little pct cow, and when sho had iu Borne degreo recovered from tho shock of her parent's death, Jenny naturally bestowed her affection moro than over upon Biddy, tho cow. ? At Inst, ono day, Biddy was missing, and Jenny was inconsolable. Her dread of tho bush, and tho wicked giants, whioh.sbo believed tho great white gum trees to bo, alone prevented her from going in search. Her father, when ho returned from his work in the evening, tried in vain to persuado her that Biddy would como back before morning. Sho was inconsolable, and as her father could deny her nothing, ho at length, although tired with a long day's work, consented to go iu search of Biddy. It was sunset, but tho full moon was rising, and tho scene, ni though very lonely, was very beautiful. "We'll soon find your pet, my poppet," said Mr. Morgan. " Oh let mo go with you father." " Yon would be tired to death, my blossom." " "Bat I must go with you to find Biddy, father. Poor Biddy all alone in the bush,'.' and os tho child said it elie shuddered nnd burst out crying. " That sad bush ! nil sn silent and still ; those grey old trees ! what a pince for poor Biddy to bo ill in." .'Father," tho child whispered, after thinking for a moment, ¡" the sly trees aro always having bad secrets I know. Thoy'ro afraid to speak plain in the day timo ; but at night thoy mutter nnd moan sometimes as if they know all kinds of naughty things. Poor dear old Biddy out there with those wickod old trees. She'll go mad, father I must BO with youfnthor to look for her. She'd hnvo looked ofter mo, I'm sure she would." " You shall go with me, my blossom" said the bush- man. " Tie on your bonnet, my little woman and cheer up ; your cheeks are quite wet." Saddling his horse, he swung himself on to its back, lifted up his little girl behind him and cantered off into the bush, of which his daughter was afraid even when her little arms wero tight around her fathor's waist. She did not know whether sho was moro afraid of the bush as she saw it by day or os she fancied it by night. When. she woko up in her little cot in a stormy night and thought cf the great eca of moaning wood that spread dusky or moonlit all around their little clearing, she glanced fear- fully at tho window os if the bush must bo angrily ordering her to get up and come out to it. But it beckoned to her in tho day timo also, only she thought more slily, and perhaps sho dreaded it most then because it was so sly, beckoning her with its long arms when her father was out of tho way, or so that he could not eeo it. Shb often talked to her friend Biddy about the wioked trees beakoning her to como where her mother used to say she must'not go. But sometimes when her father was away aud the bush had been beckoning, very hard, she could not help Bidling up to it as if sha were being drawn to it. She did not want to go near it, but somehow it made her. Sometimes even sho hod been drawn into the bush a little way, and then had rushed back in terror to the house, or to Biddy ia tho paddock, to fling her arms around her neck and cling to her and sob as if her little heart were brooking, untiltbc sweet- breathed old cow somehow managed to comfort her.-. . Bbc thought .that cor Kind friend nnd got into nor enemy's powormado Jenny very miserable and very brave. It would be so moan she thought to stay at home and do nothing for her friend. And thon perhaps sho thought too-not quite so bravely--what she should do if eho stayed at homo, and tho hush bogan to beckon when her father and Jenny were both away. Much as as she dreaded the bush, morcovor, she could not help thinking that it would be pleasant toi go right into it if it could not hurt her. Sha was almost suro the bush was afraid of her father because it often beckoned behind his back. However sha was not quito ? sure, because her father talked as if something terrible might happen to her if sho wandered into the bush : but still ho wont into it himself and carno out of it, and tho bush never hurt him ; and so she half made np nor mind that it would nat daro to hurt her so long as she held on tight to her father. . Holding, very tight they cantorod in tho bright moonlight into tho mysterious territory, which was a'.slily wicked person to hor. If tho horse had not cantorod thoro would have been no breeze Tho rugged bark of tho grey gum treeB hung motionless in ,tho dreaming moonlight.' Their metallic leaves latticed tho red cracked ground and great boils of ant bills with lines of shadow that did not mova a hair's breadth. Tho scrub, tho colour of a seedy rifleman's uniform, WOB so still that it seemed to havo been suffocated by its own aroma. Tho silver-gray logs with which tho chapped earth waB littered looked as if thoy had laid thcro for ever. The trees stood further apart ; thoro was far moro light in the bush than Jenny had expected, but that light had such a bowitchad look that she grow more afraid of the bush than ever. Everything was strangely still. The hum of inscctB could no longer ho heard, nnd tho sound of their horBo's hoofs on tho dry loaves and brittlo branches seemed to mnke tho other silence all the moro spell-bound. A black snake writhed noiEOlesriy out of the horse's way, and a jewel-eyed little lizard slipped back blithely into its hole'without making, a sound of oveu ono dry leaf against another. A hane;-dog-lookinp; dingo turned on his heels and slunk hack into tho ectub as silently ns ho carno of it. The hush that tho horse's hoofs alono wera left to break appeared more tranco- liko than ever. Tho bush i in its quiet way fison bogan to beakon to Jenny, so she thought, that had not its spell of silence been on her too sho would havo shrieked to her father to gallop homo. " Tva ¿ot you in and now I'll koop you," was what Bho thought tho bush seemed to say. "Yon'ra very proud of your father ; you pretend to ho vjory fond of him, and vory much afraid of me, but .jeu if I don't Otaka you run away from him 4«o mo. You really carno IQ aeo mo.'aud ncA to look after Biddy, yO,a know. i When tho hush whispered nil that, with a wink, poor little Jenny hugged her father so hard that ho pulled up his horse, and said " You're fagged out, my little ono. Hero, I'll take you beforo me, my wee woman, and wo'll go homo at onco. Old Biddy must find her own way homo." Little Jenny felt courage when she sat between her father's big brown arms, and when sho got thero abo would not hear of giving np tho search forBiddy. " O please, father, go on looking," she said. " Don't let 'poor dcor old Biddy stay ont in tho nasty bush all night." Tho bushman smoothed tho wot curls out of his little daughter's eyes, patted the top of her little bonnet soothingly, gave her an affectionate squeeze with his long wrists, and thus humouring her, went on looking for tho cow. They hunted here, they hunted thero, ana all tho timo the bush seemed to keep on beckoning when Jonny turned her head, and whispering more and moro mysteriously. At last sho thought the bush said « " You'll never lind Biddy if you don't ride behind your father, nnd look out one way whilst ho looks out the other. I'll kill Biddy ; but of conreo I shall tell her that it was really you who killed her." Jenny was too frightened to tell her father what the bush bad said ¡ but sho asked him-the bush winking wickedly all tho while -to lot her sit behind him again. Oh how sho held on to him when he had arranged the little pad for her on the crupper. Ho did not notice how sho clung to' him, bocanso he had lost most of bis lost night'B rest, and so was getting sleepy. He bogan to nod onco, and presently having nodded almost into his horse's mano, ho drew rein and said " It's no uso going any farther, Jenny, we must go hack now." They «ero at tho top of a lonely stony ridge then, on which it seemed strange that eveu tho fow gum trees, comparatively dwarfish as thor were, could nave man- aged to grow so high. Ho »added off again as he pulled his horse's head round. As they rode down the ridge Jenny Baw what she had never seen beforo-a great iguana. A gigantic lizard nine or ten feet long, with scales tho colour of brown mud, and a tail liko a great - whip lash, a wasted, wrinkled-cheeked, big-headed lizard, with oyes warily wicked and cunning. It was noiselessly clambering up a gum tree, putting out its hideous lantern- jawed head now on this side, now on that. Presently it stopped, and sullenly stare« at Jenny, measuring her with its bright, wicked eyes. They wore tho bush's oyes for her, and at last their horrible attraction hod become too powerful for her to resist. Silently sho dropped from, tho horse, and wandered away into tho still, dreamy solitude. Her father roda oh, and did not miss her until he raised himself with a shiver, as a dark cloud obscured tho moon. The bushman wont baok to tho last place in which he was sure that Jonny had been with him, but he could not find hor. Ho cooed, hut thero came no answer. Tho bushman's heart was fit to break. Ho knew that there wns little uso in hunting for his littlo girl in tho dark, and yet he could not keep still. Hound and round ha rode, until ho could scarcely koop his ayes open Ho then resolved to light a fire ; and thought it might just possibly bo the means of bringing Jenny hack to him. . " May God guard my pot," ho sobbed and then, tired out, ho fell asleep. Weary with toil and sorrow ho Blept until an hour after sunrise. And what did hi» eyes open on ? Thero was littlo Jenny trying to milk Biddy into his quart pot. Tho pair of friends looked quito gny for round Biddy's horns, and her own hat, Jenny had twined bush, flowors wet with dew. "Oh, father," sho cried, " tho poor bush isn't wicked at all, it took mo through to Biddy, and Bho was BO glad to seo mc, and the hush hus been BO kind to us both all night -it docsn t do bad things iu tho night, but it ?wakes up and moans thnt's saying its prayers, and then . it goos to sleep uguin. I shall never bo a'raid of the bush any more." 