ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. The arrival yesterday of the R.M.S. Baroda places us in possession of our correspondence and files. The follow- ing are the letters of our London cor- respondents, and the extracts wo make from our files : HISTORY OF THE MONTH. (FBOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, SEPT. 5. THE REVIVAL OF PILGRIMAGES. The pilgrim spirit is again stirring in Europe. Its contagious enthusiasm has spread to our own little island, and this week we have aeen a band of Englishmen go forth to worship at foreign shrines. It is "a sign of tho times." The revival of pilgrimages has been one of the most remarkable features of French life since the war. Tlie excesses of the Commune did undoubtedly create a religious reaction, and the movement has been fostered from political motives, which would not only represent the ecclesiastical and conservative instincts of society as the same, but the monarchical principle as their proper defence. . The Pope, in one of his enthusiastic utterances, recently replied to an address from 100 deputies of the Assem- bly :-" I have never doubted that the sun of justice would rise for France. The Virgin Mary is establishing a kingdom for herself in France. The pilgrimages are a spectacle worthy of angels and men." In Italy, tho Government havo found it necessary to prohibit the pilgrimages, and bands of superstitious peasantry, fresh from Loretto and the time-sanctioned mumme- ries of other shrines, have found them- selves dispersed on reaching Rome, and obliged to return, much to their astomsu ment, without the customary certificate of devotion. The grand project of a pilgrimage to Palestine has been revived, with the Pope's promise of indulgence. Meanwhile, His Holiness has sanctioned a new and astounding system of spiritual pilgrimages. The faithful son of the Church who cannot travel may purchase a guide-book prepared for bim hythe Societiideglilnteressi Cattolici, and make the round of all the sanctuaries in his daily devotions, and obtain an indulgence of 300 days. It isproposed to devote the firstlO, days of September to the sanctuaries of the Fast, the next 10 days to the principal European, and the last 10 days to the Italian sanctuaries. In Germany, the stern policy of Prince Bismarck is finding other oc- cupation for the Catholic prelates, who will not recognise the new laws. There is an ugly look about this religious question in Europe, and the projected visit of King Victor Emmanuel to Berlin shows the ap- prehensions of statesmen. Side by side with the revival of fanatical passions, political in. tiigue is incessantly busy: and Ultramon tanism avows a common aim in France, in Spain, in Italy, and wherever in Germany it has power to speak. There are'adverse powers working subtly and unseen that threaten a world-shaking collision, even while Berlin erects its Column of Victory and the Emperor William re-names the con quered fortresses of Metz and Strasburg after his great captains, if '(gi»*'* It is at this crisis that we aro called to witness tho revival of pilgrimages in Eng- land also. Not long ago a party of Roman Catholics visited the shrine of St. Thomas A'Becket m our own Canterbury Cathedral, the shrine once so lamous. as overv reader of .Chaucer knows, and certain zealous Pro- testants at once took alarm, although it afterwards appeared that these visitors had not exceeded the licence allowed to ordinary tourists. There was no mistake, however, as to what was designed when English Catholics were invited to participate in a Silgrimage to the shrine of Sister Margaret Iary Alacoque, at Paray le Monial, in France, in company with the Duke of Nor- folk, Lord Edward Howard, Lord Arundel of Wardour, Lord Walter Kerr, Lady Her- bert of Lea, and other of our old nobility. It was a little startling to find our English common sense surrendering before the world to fables of this kind. There was a great historic fact, memorable in the relations of chuich and state, associated with the tomb of iiBecket, but theso shrines of modern pilgrimage aro sacred only to the visions of hysterical girls or the idle tales of more acute deceivers. We could well understand how Enghsh Catholics might desire to testify their sympathy with the movement on the Continent-to swell the wave of religious fervour, or to lend indirect support to the monarchical loaction, as favourable to the Papal power. But our national pride is not ilattered by tho form their demonstration , has taken. The story of Sister Margaret dates back more than 200 years. She was a nun of the Convent of the Visitation at Paray lo Mo- nial, where she is said to have had many wonderful visions. Her fame has been lately , revived, and many accounts of her life , have been published. Her shrine is identi- fied with the worship of the Sacred Heart, for reasons which perhaps aro best explained in her own imputed words, at least in words derived from the narrative now im- puted to her:-"One time, being before the Holy Sacrament, I found myself invested \- with the Divino presence so powei fully that , I forgot myself and the place where I stood, and abandoned myself to the Divine Spirit, delivering my heait over to the force of His love. Ho made me repose-for a long time upon His Divine Breast, where He disclosed to me the marvels of His love and the inex plicable secrets of His Sacred Heait. Ile had always kept it hidden from mo before, but now lie opened it for the first time, and in a manner so effective that He left mo no room to doubt. And this is how it seems to me this intorview passed. He said to mo, My Divine heart is so full of passionate love for men, and for you in particular, that it can no longer contain within itself the ilow of its ardent loving-kindness. It is necessary that it should bo distributed by your agency, and that it should manifest itself to mankind in order to enrich them with tho precious treasuies that I show you, and which contain the sanctifying and saving graces nccessaiy to their salvation. I have tuuscii j ou loi ino accompiisiiraciit oí tina design, ns being "» tho depth of nuligenco and ignorance, oveiythmg will bo done by Mjsclf* Aftci this Ho asked me for my heart, winch I begged Hun to take. Ile took it, and put it within IIis adoiablo own, in which 1 saw it like an atom consuming m an atdont furnace Piesently lie took it out iifeam, a burning llamo m the shape of a henil, and putting it back m the place whence Ile had originally taken it, Ile saul, 'There, .uy well beloved, is a pieuous gage of My ^ «o, w Inch encloses m j oui side a little spiik _ its most vivid Hame And to pi ove that the meat gift I bate just mado jouis not a ire-ik of imagination, and that it ii the louiuhtioii of all the lest I have yet to endmc fiom without, it shall come to piK-s that though I lia*, o closed up the w ound -".join side, the pam will lost always with lou, and if up to the present time you have only talton the name of My si n e, I shall hcrcoitci bestow upon you that of the vvell teloveddisupleof Myfaacied Ileait ' Aftei a m our so great, and which lasted over such a lengthened iieiiod of time, during which I did not know w bethel I was m beaven or "Pone nth, I In> for several days in a state ol burning elation and so far beside myself that I could not uttci a word without doing mjself violence, and tlio ellort to eat was so lie« thal I ivan neoilj weaned out. I could not klcpp, foi tins wound, of which the pain >f> lo mc so precious, caused me an agony that consumed me and burnt me alive." Her subsequent life was one of exemplary devotion, and of frequent manifestations. Every Thursday and Friday she was made to participate in the mortal sadness of Getnsemane, which "reduced her to a con- dition of agony harder to support than death itself;" and every midnight she rose and prostrated herself on the earth, "toappease the Divine anger against sinners," and to soften in some measure the bitter anguish of Christ in being abandoned by his apostles I The pilgrimage to tho shrine of Margaret Alacoque was in amusing contrast to tho toilsome journeys of other days. It partook of the nature of a railway excursion, the estimated cost of which was about £5, and . all the arrangements were entrusted to the enterprising tourist Cook. A considerable detachment of pilgrims came from the north oí .ungianu, iieaueu oy ina uisuop or aanoru. On Monday evening the pilgrims from all parts assembled at the Pro. Cathedral, Kensington, whero a special service was held, and . Archbishop Manning addressed them at gTeat length. Tho gorgeously-em- broidered and coBtly banner of the pilgrimage was conspicuous on the altar steps, and it was also noticeable that the congregation wore the emblems of the Sacred Heart, a red cross and heart on r, white ground. Dr. Manning gavo first some practical in- structions, counselling tho pilgrims to obedi- ence, to mutual forbearance, to humility. "You havo been the subjects," he said, "of no littlo censure and no little ridicule. Bless God for it. It is a poor serving of the Cross that has not some shame." Then he alluded to the first great pilgrimages to tho holy places of Palestine, ana proceeded to justify the selection now of Paray-le-Monial. "The fact with which I begin is the devotion of the Sacred Heart. Tho loving veneration for the human beart of Jesus deified into Godhead is at tin's moment a devotion spread throughout tho Universal Church : it is in every province, every diocese-I might almost say in every parish. In every church and in every sanctuary there is either an altar, or a shrine, or a picture,- or a statue : either a treatise of theology, or manual of devotion, or a book for children, all containing this dovotion of the Sacred Heart. Next after devotion to tho Holy Sacrament, which is closely akin to it, and explanatory of it, comes the devotion of tho Sacred Heart, spread east and west through- out the Catholic Church. For two centuries it has been established in the hearts of geno íation after generation. It pervades tho faithful from the oldest to the youngest ; and I ask, whence did it arise? From Paray-le Monial.-' Dr. Manning was careful in deal- ing with the history of Margaret Mary, but that this world-wide fact should have arisen from the meditation of a poor "despised sister of visitation," ho ascribed to the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. "And we therefore nccount the place where the devout shall go as sacred ; we call the whole world to witness to the fact-we account for it by a supernatural explanation." Margaret Mary saw Christ "suffused by an intensity of light, she beheld His Sacred Heart, enveloped, as it were, in Hame, girdled with thorns, surmounted with a cross, and" these words came to her, ' Behold the heart that has loved man so much, and has been loved so little.' " nere was the origin of the devotion, and Dr. Manning likened it to the visions of Paul, and Stephen, and John, and cballenged the unbeliever. " Do you Chris Sians believe these things which you read in the New Testament ? If so, why doubt this, that He who has manifested Himself to his servants in the beginning, and has thereby given us a revelation of the order of faith and grace under which we are to the end of the world, has also in diveis ways and sundry manners manifested Himself at all times to his servants and friends " Tlio man who can coldly deny this, let him look well to bis faith in the New Testament Scripture." It is not expedient that I follow the arch- bishop through his address, but thus much is necessary in order to understand the ground which intelligent Romanists take. He next spoke of the motives of the pil- grimage, laying especial emphasis on the fact that "thoy desired to bear witness in the face of a world that was growing cold that they loved Ghrist, and that thoy believed neither miracles nor visions to have ceased." ? Then ho enumerated the objects of their prayers, amongst them the Holy Father. The archbishop at the commencement had said that the oishops of England, in theil pro- vincial council assembled, gave thom their solemn benediction, and that he had re- ceived from the noly Father his command to give " his special benediction on this pil frimage and a plenary indulgence." Accor inglv-, Dr. Manning in conclusion gave this benediction of the Pope, whilo the congrega- tion knelt:-"May tho blessing of God tho Father Almighty be upon you in your going out and in your coming in : may Ho keep you safe in His faith and fear, living and dying and for ever." The start was mado from one of the London stations at 6 o'clock the next morn- ing. Mass was celebrated at a still earlier hour in some of tho churches. Monsignor Capel was one of the most conspicuous figures on the platform, busily hurrying from carriage to carriage to see that each com- partment had its priest who might conduct the devotions of the travellers. A manual of piayers had been prepared, and as soon as the train started, their recital commenced. There were about 400 pilgrims, a large proportion of whom were women and priests. Eveiy London parish sent one or two of its clergy or laity. In London also during the days of the pilgrimage the Roman Catholic chapels were open, and special services held followed by the confessions of the faithful. The main body of pilgrims crossed the water from Newhaven to Dieppe, but thero were others who took the shorter sea route from Dover, and went by different trains, so that the total numbers, when they allmet, were cal- culated at from 700 to 800. flymns were sung as they launched ont to sea, but the turbulent waves soon broke these sacred harmonies. A "Pilgrimage Hymn ". had been composed for the travellers by Lady Georgiana Fuller- ton, the closing words of which point tho true moral of these proceedings, " 0, by Thy heart. Thy sacred heart. Jesus, save England, France, and Rome." Arrived at Paris, the pilgrims were distri- buted among the religious houses; early tho next morning they attended mas3 at one of the Churches, and then resumed their j'ourney. It waa within an hour of mid- night when they reached their goal, for more than one mishap had delayed their train on its southward j'ourney.' A correspondent of tho Dady News this morning descubes by telegraph the scene on thou arrival at Paray lo Monial \- As tho English pilgums descended each received a taper for which ho was afterwards invited to pay 2d sterling The gorteous banneis pieuously pre paied in tho railway carnages were quickly brought and the procession was foimed As pioneers inarched a contingent of priests the lc-idei of the column being Gft Oin high and as lean as his bishop is fat Behind the foreign pi tests was Monsignor Talbot with the bannei of the Sacred Heart After lum the Duke of Noifolk straggled gallantly with the! nglisb bannei assisted by Loi ds Dormer and Amndell of \\\ aidotu The females followed tlnee abieast Loid Wliter Ken boto the bamici of Scotland and the Lnglish 1 nests formed tlie ieai Hie procession Hanked by filcB of nuns with lighted candles niov ed Blow ly up the lane of li_ht lesemblnife a movingl îe and singing Magnificat amma mea Dominum Tho chapel having been at leiifcth leached tho pilgrims all 1 nelt in the dust bofoie the open doors îevealinc, tho glones of the illuminated sin nie within the elim eli toieceivo the benediction and oflei thanksgivings All night long and Ihiough out ti e morning a cb inging army of pi tests woie snymg masses at tho 20 altáis It was haul woik and was faithfully executed One i nest fainted at tho altai and was car ned out but his placo was soon filled In ti e darkened coinois of tlie church °nd tho îecesscs between the pillais, a succession of I nceling figines made confession and got ibsolution \t 10 o clock theie was High Mass followed by a slioit address fiom the Bishop of Salford At the afternoon service MonsiDnoi Capel pleached surpassing lum self in eloquence The second piocession to the sbnne this afternoon was intended to elipse last n tht s but fell shoit of it m eflect nineteenth centuiy pilgrimages not benifc, pictuiesquc in sunlight lins pilfenmage is certainly among tho most remaikable developments of our day and jet its impoitaiice may bo easily exaggerated It is a Roman Catholic demon stratton suggested by the movement on tho continent and it is nothing wonderful that that body should he able to send forth from all England a band of 800 disciples on a sacred mission. Whatever Protestants may think of Margaret Mary, they have no reason to toke alarm at this manifestation of num- bers and seal. There is not a sect in Eng- land which does not sometimes mako as im- posing a demonstration, though after another pattern, and with other aims. This pilgrim- age is but an excrescence on the freer life which all the sects appear to seek-one sign among many that the days of religious stag- nation havo been succeeded by days of reli- gious experiment, in which all thoughts shall have expression, and usages old and new be all brought to proof and tried in their support. The interest that it has awakened is chiefly due to the fact that it is contemporaneous with a backward movement m the English Church. The agitation caused by the famous petition to Convocation for the appointment of "duly qualified confessors" has not yet subsided. Public meetings continue to bo held in the provincial towns, by way of pro- test against such innovations. The bishops are at last yielding to the public pressure, and show signs of alarm, lest the establish- ment should bo undermined. The Bishop of London has spoken out, and so also tho Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol. The Times represents tho outside world, and urges on the episcopal bench, with all its secular authority. The current, however, is not now to be stayed by ecclesiastical law ; the bulk of the bishops thrown into the stream would but make the waters babble more loudly. The archbishops are right when they appeal to public opinion and private argument as the strongest weapons against innovating error. THE SPANISH INSURRECTION. Cartagena is at this moment tho most con- spicuous toyvn in Spain. Madrid has sub- sided into a dim official centre, whence emanate orders and letters, but it gives no manifest sign of aggressive power. Sefior Salmerón still holds the reinB of Govern- ment and appears to rule with discretion and vigour ; Sefior Castelar has been elected president of the Cortes, and speaks still with an eloquence that moves enthusiasm ; but the chaos of movement is to the north and south, the battle is really waged on other fields. Something has been done towards the restoration of order in the south ; Valencia has fallen, other towns have dropped their Hag of independence; hut still Cartagena holds out, and defies the troops that can be brought against it. Strange scenes have been witnessed within its walls. There the Intransigentes had every- thing their own way. The well-to-do classes swarmed out of the town, with their furniture and valuables, and nearly 12,000 people left. Confusion remained behind. Two large bodies of regular troops, 2,000 strong, arrived shortly after the mutiny of the lleet to join the insurrection ; but thoy would not submit to discipline, shrank from hard work, and loafed about the streets in undress, or lounged lazily at the cafés, till some rich bribe of plunder tempted them to j'oin an expedition into the country. The only one fact from Cartagena that it is pleasant to recoid is the behaviour of the ofheers in the fleet, when the crews declared for the in- surgents :-" nere, in the harbour," says one correspondent, "when the red flag was hoisted-let it be recorded to the honour of the Spanish naval officers-though their crews changed Bides wholesale, though there were close by on shoro military turncoats of high rank to keep thom in countenance, though, last but not least, full commands were offered to any naval officers, down to the youngest, who would remain-not the smallest 'middy' wavered. They all went to Madrid to place their services at the disposal of the Govern- ment, and there has been some talk of hav- ing a whole crew consisting of officers, j'ust as there is to be a corps d'élite of officers by land." General Contreras made a sally from Cartagena with a body of troops, and was supposed to be escaping ; then he was cre- dited with the bold design of movine upon Madrid, or the less difficult project of attack- ing Granada. But it was not long beforo ho foil into the hands of Captain Werner, of tho Friedrich Karl, of whose energetic action you heard something last month-a resolute German, whose sea-blood is said to have been fed on. Captain Marrj- att's novels, and whose whole career has shown him ready to seize the slightest oppor- tunities for naval action. Captain Werner's conduct in the matter of the Vigilante, of which you bad a full account, raised so many serious questions that the German Govern- ment thought better to solve them by re- calling him, on tho- ground that ho had ex- ceeded his instructions. Beforo his recall could reach him, ho had taken possession of two other vessels, and on one of them was found General Contreras himself. The insurgent vessels atCartagena, manned by mixed crews, and commanded one day, perhaps, by a soldier, and another by a pilot, have made seveial pnatical descents upon adjacent towns, on the plea of levying con- tributions for the Cantonal Government The town of Almena had been thus bom baided, when the Almansa was encountered, evidently benton repeating the same tactics at Malaga The special conespondent of The Times has given a full account of the ti aii8actions which follow ed - "She tired to escape, but a shot across her bows fiom the 1 nednrb Karl brought her to General Con- treras was peiemptonlj summoned on boaid the German v essel, and only released on his promise to return, and on asking to be al- low ed to prevent the Vitoi ia, which had by that time come up, from opening fire The German and English captains then agreed to drive the Spanish vessels to Caitagena mak- ing it cleaiij understood that they would be fned into on the first attompt to escape On tho way to Cartagena they fell in with the Mediterranean squadron, undei command of Admnal Yelverton, and after a consultation with lum it was arranged that at Caitagena tho Spanish ciews should be landed ns soon as they had been disarmed, but the ves sels detained until oideis came from head quarteis General Contreras was also to bo kept pnsonor " This was the commencement of a senes of ex citing negotiations, which, kept oui Eng- lish sailors constantly on the alert The Gennan captain, "partly on account of hiB position as commodore, and paitly as having the stronger casus belli," some shells having stiucktbe German consuls house, took the lead m the haiboui of Caitagena. He m sisted upon disarming and landing the ciews and retaining the boats There was a great show of indignation among the Spaniards The hugo nonclad Numancia showed her broadsides, but the little saucy Toidi moved round hei eagei foi action All one day our sailors stoDd to then guns Meanwhile German despatches oidored the release of General Contreras, and the Madud Go vemment sent round Admnal Lobo to taUo the two vessels into his keep ing But Admiral Lobo soon found it expedient to keep at a safe distance, ho could not face tho Numancia Before the business was settled, Captain Werner was summoned to Gibnltai to transfei his command to his successor Admiral Yel v ei ton then appeared on the scene with in strnctions to take the Vitoria and Almansa m safe keeping to the Rock As soon as his litics mado a gieat show of íesistance. Messages wcio sent assuring bim that if ho attempted to remove the ships, the foits and iroiitluds would open all then guns The nskof a gieat imbioglio seemed imminent The two ships weic l>mg in a small bay out- side tho barboui, watched by the Numancia At last tlio decisne moment came Tho Bntish admnal did not hesitate, nor did his lintish sailois, he clc-ucd his decks, and soiled slowly out, with the two ships m custodj, light urdei the Spanish guns Not a shot was hied, and the Vitoim and Almnnsa now he at Gibialtai Cnilagcna still bia¿s and îebels, stones of the scaicity of piovisions cnaiUto ni Madnd, but thoy anticipate the tiuth Tho tioops sent against the city aie too few to smioimd it, and it ern scaicely yet be said to bo besieged. Meanvvhilo the Caihsts aio making pio. giess Then numbcis aie now îeckoued at ?10,000 as stattcied thiough the provinces Theio aie îuinouis of negotiations having been opened with them at C.nthagena-such is the cm io is v acilhition of Spanish natuie Don Callos is himself taking pint in actual warfare, and with Ina own bands has pointed and hied cannon Theio has been lighting at several points almost woi thy to be called I n battle. J'ut the lieait of Spain has not yet I been touched, and we must wait patiently to see the way out of tin's confusion. BOURBONISTS AND BONAPARTISTS. The interchange of visits at Vienna be- tween the Count of Paris and the Count of | Chambord has occupied a larger space in public affairs than at first seemed probable, although it is still doubtful ii "the fusion" j which WOB said to bo accompusneu win prove to be more than a question of words. There was a moment when the restoration of the monarchy seemed imminent, but that j is now again receding. Europe was assured that the Assembly would be quickly con- voked, and the decisivo issue challenged, for that Monorchists bad now their man, but the assurance was founded on wishes which aro not so strong as facts. Marshal M'Mahon was not so willing to bo made tho mere catspaw of these intrigues. It is understood that the Count of Paris surren ders his claim to tho throne (thereby, says ( one staunch old Btutesman, dishonouring the principle to which he owes it), while the childless Count of Chambord would be willing to adopt him as a successor (thereby in- fringing on his doctrine of Divine right.) But the Count of Chambord insists on the white Ung, and to meet thai difficulty it is proposed that tlie tri-colour Bhould be retained, for tho sake of the army, under a white banneret. Whatever the issue of these negotiations, the motives which set asido M. Thiers aro now patent to tho world. The monarchical re- action gains in strength as the difliculties are removed which .beset the selection of a can- didate to the throne. Franco to-day rejoices in tho last payment of £10,000,000, so completing the enormous indemnity of £200,000,000 exacted by Germany ; and yo may wish her wisdom in the choice of governments, and a career of recovering prosperity after this financial achievement. Practical difliculties are constantly taking new form. The dearness of bread, and the , bad prospects of the harvest, have now obliged the Ministry to publish a decree ex- empting corn and flour from the sur-tax and from lwnrlirlp rlntv The Bonapartists havo had their fête day at Cbi8elhurst, by way of answer to " the Fusion." A service was held in the Roman Catholic chapel, where the body of the Em- peror still reposes. The procession from Camden "House was headed by three old soldieis who had served under the First Em- pire, walking abreast, ono of them, within threo years of a centenarian, hearing the French tricolour; then followed another of the Invalides, taking two.children by the hand ; and lastly came about 40 youths, witli armlets inscribed 'La Jouncsso Frangaise,' preceded by a banner of green watered silk, ?with gold fringe, and an inscription, 'La Jeunesse Fransaise au Prince Louis Napo- leon, 10th Aofit, 1873,' underneath an Im Íieiial eagle,. surmounted by a crown, and ower down a beehive, with ; its . winged occupants spread in gold all over the flag." After the service there was a reception at Camden-house, when the Prince Imperial stood forward as tho representative of tho Bonapartes. Addressing his followers ih clear, calm tones, tile young Prince said : "1 thank you, in tho name of the Empress and myself for having como here to associate your prayers with ours, and for not having forgotten the road which you have already followed for some months. I thank, also, my faithfull friends who have sent luther from afar the numerous testimoniáis of their affec- tion and their devotion. As for myself, being an exile, and near the tomb of the Emperor, I represent the teachings which he bus left me. I find in my paternal heritage the principle of national sovereignty and of the flag which consecrates it. This principle, the foundation of our dynasty, is summed up in this motto, to which I shall always be faithful-' Govern for tho people and by tho people.' " HOME POLITICS. There is a lull on our political seas. The good ship Gladstone is becalmed. Public opinion waits for some fuller declaration of policy, rmnRCfiueufc on tb*> ->->ow.i/ _.-_.£,-- 1*. tho Ministry. Tho chief interest at this moment seems to hang about tho education question. Does Mr. Gladstone intend to propitiate the Dissenters, and abandon the 25th clause of this Elementary Education Act, wliich has occasioned so much em- bittered controversy, aa to the payment of fees to denominational schools? The Bir- mingham League infers from Mr. Bright's accession to office that a'change of front is intended, and accordingly modifies its own policy, which has threatened to upset more than one Ministerial candidate. Mr. Gladstone has spoken on school affaira in the parish whero ho resides, as if schoolboards. were not wanted, but he has found it necessary to explain that his arguments were purely local. Lord Frederick Cavendish, who has been returned for the North-west Riding without opposition, has made also a singular speech in reply to somo Yorkshire Libera tionists:-"He urged that the English people were the woist educated people in Europe, and that unless Mr. Forster had brought in his bill, they would have remained so. There might be defects-lie was not piepared to say there were not -but the mea Blue was tho best that could in that session havo been passed. In reference to Mr. Glad- stone's speech on Mr. Miall's motion, he said he was aware a bad impression was created, but ho had authority to say that Mr. Glad- stone did not wish or intond to stop the de- bate, and he regretted now very much the effect produced. In regard to the Endowed Schoofs Commission, he regretted that no Nonconformists had been put upon it, and that all wero Churchmen ; but he was quite sure this was an accident. Subsequently acknow- ledging the thanks of the deputation, Lord Fiederick, it is stated, expressed the fear that his reply had not been quite as clear as it ought to have been, but, as the deputation would know, he spoke guardedly. This much ho might say, ho was nearer thom in opinion than they might think." These are dim lights for rulitical sailing, but, with tho first bold utterance, wo shall get out into broader waters. THE ASHANTEE WAR. The Colonial Office has now a chance of proving its metal. The Ashantees still hang about Cape Castle, and by tho last mail wero threatening another advance. Sir Garnett Wolseley sails immediately to take the chief command, with a competent staff, including some volunteers of eminence. Tho troops are already suffering greatly from tho deadly climate. It has been decided to make a swift maich upon Coomassie, the capital of the Ashantees, and so turn the tido of invasion, and teach that bloodthirsty peoplo a lesson of keeping within bounds. The autumn manouvres, which occupy our tioops at homo, are this year taking place at Dartmoor, in mud and mist and fog. Thoy aie none the less useful that they lill a less space in the public eye. ínE GREAT BANK TORGERirS Hie foui Americans, whoso cloy or for genes recently defrauded tho Bank of Eng land of more than £1Q0,000, havo been tnod at the Old Bailej and sentenced to ponai sen ltude for life It is the raiest thing in oui courts for any attempt to be mado to leecue a pnsoner but the fnonds of these mon seem to havo boriowed the idea from the lowdjism of Neyv Yoik Itwasiunioiued duimg the progress of the tual that the authoiities of INeyvgale bad detected au at tempt to tampei with the prison warders A lelativo of one of the prisoneis who had mined fiom America and was allowed a scat m comt yyas tinted one evening to the house of a wnidei, lettois were subsequently found and on one man a laigo sum of money supposed to be a bubo Anothei wai dei is said to have confidentially tolda fi lend that be was toiecoi\e£l 000 and go to Tasmania linee of the wardcis weie sus peí dod and the whole matter will be closely investigated It was at once seen to bo e\pedient to double the usual piocautions Aimed policemen in plain clothes guaided the dock and closed lound m a formidable body when sentence yvas pronounced lho plot waa thus defeated and the public knew nothing of it till these steps had been taken 'lho pusoneis weie all young mon-Austin Biron Bidwell otherwise liedenck Albeit Warien othenv rae Charles Tohnson Horton, ~7 5 cars of age, described as of no occupa tion , George Macdonnell, 28, described as a clerk , George Bidwell, 31, merchant .and Edwin Nojcs otherwise Idwin Noyes Hills, 29 called a clerk Nothing certain is known of their antecedents, but they appear to have been engaged in large commercial transac- tions on the Continent and elsowere, the nature of whicb cannot now bo wholly above suspicion Mr Justice Archibald spoke of them as "persons of education, so far as that term applies to mero intellectual training without any corresponding development of the moral sense " " Some of you," he said, m passing sentence, "can speak several foreign languages, and all of you are acquainted with commercial and banking business " They appear to havo led a freo and somewhat luxurious life, for among the chief witnesses aro gay women, with whom they lived and travelled It was in tho hands of one of theso women that a large amount oí gold was iounu, wiion sue waa stopped at tho railway station on tho way to join her paramour. I cannot do better, in summarising the chief facts of the case, than adopt the account of Mr. Giffard, the leading counsel for the prosecution, as afterwards sub- stantiated in evidence :-" The prisoners wero indicted for forging and uttenng a bill of exchange for £1,000 ¡, but that, in reality, formed but a very small part of the scheme of fraud he had to lay before the jury. The charge against them was that of uttering 9Í bills of exchange, all of which were forged, and the effect of which was to obtain from tho Bank of England a sum considerably ex- ceeding £100,000. The scheme of fraud was all but successful in the result. Tho pri- soners Austin Bidwell, George Bidwell, and Georgç Macdonnell, it appeared, carno to this country in the spring of last year, and at first lived in obscuro lodgings at Haggerston, ' under various assumed names. In May, 1872, Austin Bidwell obtained from Mr. Greene, a tailor in Savile-row, from whom he had made a purchase, and to whom he stated that he had a largo sum of money in his possession, an introduction to the Bank of England at tlio Western Branch, in Savile row, and there he opened an account under the name of Warren by de- positing £1,200. no represented that he was a contractor or agent for Pullman's sleeping cars, that be was about to build them at Bil mingham, and that be hoped to have some of them running in time for tho Exhibition at Vienna. Several transactions with the bank followed. Later on (said the learned counsel), between November and January, Geoige Bidwell, under the name of Gilbert, purchased a large number of bills, which not only formed the model of the various forged ones, but, being paid into the Bank of England and duly honoured, served to establish the credit of Warren there. The next step was to pay in forged bills, the pre- sumed value of which, upon being dis- counted, was placed to Warren's credit, and the'amount tims-credited was from time to time withdrawn by cheque. The first batch of forged bills amounted to £4,250, and was discounted on 21st January, and thon came the following in quick succession :-On 4th Februory, £11,072; 10th February, £4,012; 13th February, £14,090; 20th- February, £14,08G; 24th February, £19,253; and 28th February, £24,265. In all, forged bills to the amount of £102,217 were thus paid in and dis- counted. When money was drawn out, steps were - taken to prevent its being traced. Notes having been obtained for cheques (which in the first instance were passed through another bank), one of the prisoners went to the city branch of the bank with the notes and obtained gold for them, while another of them went on the same day and obtained'other notes for the gold. The pri- soners' plans had been nearly completed, and they were making their arrangements to escape, when the forgeries were discovered in the most accidental way. Two bills for £1,000 each, purporting to be accepted by Mr. B. W. Blydenstein. of Great St. Helen's, had been made payable at sight: but the date had been omitted ; and the bank authorities, suspecting nothing wrong, sont a clerk on to Mr. Blydenstein's office to get the omission supplied. The moment the bills wore then found that ' ' Warren " had been operat- ing upon an account which had been opened by "Horton" at the Continental Bank, and when after the collapse. of the scheme the chief cashier of the Bank of England was making inquiries there, the prisoner Noyes carno in, was recognised as an agent of Horton's, and was at once arrested. He, it appeared, had come over to England in De- cember, and was professedly taken into the employment of Austin Bidwell. On being arrested, he denied that he had any Know- ledge of the forgeries. After his arrest, the other. prisoners were able to getaway, but, before doing so, George Bidwell ana Mac- donnell succeeded in despatching to New York £45,000 worth of American bonds in a trunk addressed to a Mojor Georgo Matthews, which was afterwards seized by the police. Austin Bidwell was subsequently arrested at Havannah. Macdonnell at New York, and George Bidwell, after a hot chase through Ireland, at Edinburgh. The trial lasted for eight days, but tho jury required only a quarter of an hour before they brought in their verdict of guilty. The prisoners were asked, in the usual form, if they had anything to say wby_ sentence should not bo passed. Austin Bidwell, tho youngest, replied that ho bad nothing to say for himself, though he might have referred to opportunities thrown away and talents wasted, but he apologised to tho manager of the Western Branch Bank, where the frauds were initiated-said that any other man would have been deceived in the same way and that the only reparation he could make was to say ho was extremely and sincerely sorry. George Bidwell would not ask any consideration for himself, but asked that his urotnci WHO waa young imu uuc mcuuu; manied," might be mercifully dealt with, ho also uigjed that his companion Noyes bad been kept m jgnoiance of the real state of affairs Macdonnell also used the same plea foi NOJCB, who had been defended on the giound that ho had acted only as cleik Noves himself made an earnest appeal to tho judge Mi Justice Archibald, howevei, could not seo any reason for this distinction, noranj palliatingoi mitigating encumstances, nor conceive of any case otfoigery woise and theiefore inflicted the maximum of punishment-penal servitude for life , and m addition oidered that each one should pay one fourth of the costs of the piosecutiou " T Ins ordei forpay mont, "says the iJiiroiJca» Mail, " w as a somevvhatnovel pioceeding and the reason it was adopted was this The pri- soners weie only tned upon ono chaige of foigmg a single bill of exchange, and it was a question inv oh ed m some legal difficulty whethei, upon a conviction foi that specific oilence, the piosiding judge would have the powei of ordenng the Amencau bonds and othei piopeity, valued alto getbei at something liko £90,000, winch was found m tlio piiBoneis' possession, to be delivered up By a rocent veiy useful act of Pailiament, however, a judge has the power to older a pnsoner convicted of any offenco to pay the whole or any portion of the coBts to which the prosecutois have boen subjected, and any property found m the possession of the prisoner, although there may be an absence of strict legal proof that it waB the pioduco of tho offence of w Inch he was convicted, may bo dovoted to the samo object, so that tho whole of the bonds and other property taken from tho pnsoners in Amenca and m this country will bo handed o\ er to the Bank of England Owen Norton, the waldor who was suspected of convoying communications between tho bank foigcrs and thou friends, has been charged at Guild- hall with a breach of the prison regulations, and sentenced to threo months' imprison- ment " T_E CHOLERA AND TYPHOID FEVER. London has boon startled by an outbreak of typhoid fever in tho respectable district of Marylebone, which has been traced to tho contamination of milk in a country dairy, the owner of wliich bad recently died. A large number of persona were thus affected, but through the energy and skill of Dr. Mur- chison, the cause of the mischief was de- tected, and another valuable fact added to our knowledge of the laws of health. Tlio effects of sewage irrigation havo sinco been made the subject of a warm controversy in The Times, in which Mr. Alfred Smeo has taken one side against the use of sewage, and tho owners of some large sewage farms the. other, basing their argumenta on the facts of their individual experience. Cholera is still hovering over Europe, but hesitating to take lodgment, Tho most sori one outbreak has been in-the barracks at Berlin. We hear of it now as carried from Hamburg to Havre. There have been seve- ral alarms in different parts of England, but as yet we have succeeded in limiting its attacks to a few cases. AUSTKALASIAN NOTES. STEAM BETWEEN THE COLONIES AND ENGLAND. The Money Market Review of August the lGth has the following seasonable remarks on this subject : "There is no commercial enterprise at this moment of moro consequence than the establishment of a systematic and efficient line of steamers between the several Australasian colonies,' in con- nexion with a lino of steamers to England. It appears that the Peninsular and Oriental Company have lately contracted to carry the mails from Galle to Melbourne for a subsidy of £90,000 a year, the English Government undertakinit to carry them to Galle freo of expense. New South Wales and Queensland are not parties to the contract, having subsidised another route. Tho contract in question is terminable by notice of 24 months to tbat effect. It would bo far hotter if tho colonies and England wero to strengthen their resources by agreeing to and subsidising one route, or one comprehensive system, for carrying mails as well as passengers, firstly, by subsidising a line of powerful intercolonial steamers that would run from Melbourne to each of the colonies in half the time now cm Sloyed in the voyago, in connexion with a ne of powerful interoceanic steamers that would run between tho port of Melbourne and England in 40 days at intervals of 28 days. ' The distance from England to Melbourne is generally computed at about 11,500 milos, ...1,:"1, """1,1 l,n "tann.ml in til« timo «iwci. lied, seeing that the Cunard Uno steam to New York in about 10 days, that distanco being about 3,000 miles. We have only to look to the statistics of the imports and ex- ports of freight, as well as of passengers, to prove that they are of sufficient magnitude to warrant tho establishment of the two lines of steamers' above-mentioned. Wo must say we coincide with the views of Mr. W. N. Crawford on this important subject, as ox piessed at length in the following paper, which he has forwarded to us for publica- tion. He observes : " 'It is a matter of history that tho suc- cessful career of the Cunard line, under Go- vernment subsidy, has largely contributed to the commercial and passenger intercourse between England and America, while it is equally certain that tho P. and 0. Company's success baa been highly favourable to the postal, passenger, and freight services to and from our Eastern Empire. " ' A steam fleet running between tho Aus tralnsian colotvjjjs, and between tlio colonies and England, within the time stated, would render the same services to thom, severally and collectively, aa the P. and O. Company havo, for.years past, rendered to India. The fleet to, consist of " 'Firstly. Seven interoccanic steamers, including one relay steamer capable of steam- ing fiom England to Melbourne in 40 days every 28 days, and »ice versa. "'Secondly. Six intercolonial steamers, including one relay steamer, also capable of steaming from Melbourno to each colony in half the time now occupied in the run.1 "The rates of passage to he reduced as follows : " 'Firstly. Per interoceanic steamors, £30 for first class ; £15 for second class ; aud £7 10s. for tho third, or emigrant class. " ' Secondly.-Per intercolonial steamers at a proportionate rate of reduction. " ' Thus, it is evident that the steam fleet would have the desirable effect of saving both time and money to the colonies. The present as well as future value of such saving to them, in every department of in- dustry, can hardly be overrated. " [Inreturn for these solid advantages, it lolfnfie 'iii' granting io t_ö"iteftm flecT; the following scale of subsidies in such proportions as they may respectively deter- mine upon, namely-For the first 10 years at the rate of £200,000 a year ; for the second 10 years at the rate of £100,000 a year ; for the third 10 years at the rato of £130,000 a year. " 'At the end of the 30 years it would be more than probable that the steam fleet would he so firmly established as to be then self-supporting, while tho colonies would also be so accustomed to the regularity and despatch of the stoamers that they would become to them an indispensable institu- tion. nie Americans aro Dunning, it, ¡a uutu, a line of steamers to nui to Austialia, to bo used by their Government m case of wai, and the licet of steamo» îeferred to might be built with a viowto the same contingency, in which case the fleet would be of additional value to the Australasian colonies as well as to England '"It muBthero be obsei ved that the Austral- asian colonies nie now competing with each other, as well as with America, for tho sur- plus population of Europe, and öfter free as well as assisted passages to then tem toi y w Inch amounts, m fact, to a subsidising of immigration at tho rate of £14 poi head foi free poBsago and £7 pel bead for assisted passage Now, tho scale of subsidies men- tioned would ensiuo immigiant passages at £7 10s , or about one half loss than is now Said , vvlnlo tlio immigrants would only be 40 avs i caching Melbourne instead of 90, and only three to foin dajs moie leaching Queensland or New Zealand Theso aro points worthy of immediate consideration by tho seveial colonies ' " WHERE OUR EMIGRANTS GO Commenting upon a îccontly issued statis- tical io turn of the cmigiation fiom tho United Kingdom in 1872, The Times of August 20 has tho follow mg remarks - "In round numbeis, we last yeat suppliod the woildwith ¿00,000 peisons, of couise of all ages and both sexes, but with much moro than then pioportion of stiength, health, activity, and fitness for woik No doubt, us a fact, this lmnienso multitude- loft bolnnd many aged, sick and useless îelatives, henceforth to live chiefly on our homo chanties Tins was about 10,000 moio than wo sent abroad in cithei of thojoais 1870 and 18i 1 Wlnlo wages and prices have been using at home, when the w oikingman s position seemed bettci than ovei, and a man had just to put himself into a Pailiamentaiy tiam and to have any city in tins island at his command, cmigiation earned tho day People left settled employment with good masters, tho best expectations, gentlemen s service, and the supposed power of obtaining what wages thoy pleased by combination, m order to make a now start altogether, in a new chmato, and inidoi circum- stances not only new, but foieign to thon habits and tastes This was not because thoy loved England IOBS, but becauso thoy loved tho woild, littlo as they knew about it, bettci. Wo havo to interrupt our- selves for what secmB a largo qualification of these statements About 80,000 out of tho ?100,000 weio foi-oignors, who only passed through the Buttah poits, throwing them- selves into the stream of out omigiation Thiongh us tho Continent itself is drained oil to the íest of tho woild A Chinese wall ~f .. of (,("," ,"n,7«. n,ll n, foi Um "nnnln. nr against them, would dam thom up on the soil of tho Old World to feed annies or till forests or yyastes England bieakB the con- tinuity of that huge fenco, and out pom myriads of human lieings too fortunato if they can cast in their lot yvith oui free omi giants Wheiowe go they will go, ".aliare oui foi tunes and oui new homos They are content to meige Getman, 01 IVnch, 01 Italian nationality m one already mostly IJnlish and ceitam to bo altogether so m the end If the 1 nfelish putt of tins emigiation is not in piopoition quito as laigo as tho Irish, it is yet in tlio piopoition of about six to foin ïho 1 nglish pait of the emigration is tho most increasing and it is not unlikely that it -vvill befoie long be evon îateably as lal go as tlio Irish When we como to tho destination of this immenso annual out pouting, vye baye to accept with what lellec tiona we mny that, of tho whole 300 000, 2«,000 went to tlio United States, »2,000 w cut to Bn tish America, half that number to Auatinha, and lather IOSB to othei placors It . will not suipnse anyone that Gb000 Irish cmigiants chose iho United States, peibaps some will wonder that 82,000 1'ngliali and 12 000 Scotch did Regaul it os wo may, tho working] nghshman whether m the countiy oi the town, is leatly to abandon his alle- I giance and run the risk of unknown laws in the hope of rising in the world. Ho knows that everywhere he will find good Christian people." v CHOLERA AWONG THE EMIGRANTS. For some time it was matter of contro- versy whether any case of truo Asiatic cholera had occurred in England; but it is now a well-established fact that several Sersons havo fallen victims to that tembló isense. These fatalities happened among the large party of foreign emigrants who bad arrived in this country at tho closo of July on their way to Now Zealand. As soon as the existence of tho post was suspected, the wholo of tho scattered party wero col- lected together nçtiin, and placed on board ihe hospital ship Rhein, which is an- chored in the mouth of tho Thames, about two miles from shore. Here they received the best medical care and skilful treatment, with such nourishing food and comforting Btimulants as their circumstances required j and it is undoubtedly owing to the prompti- tude with which theso poor creatures wero isolated, and tlie energy displayed by the Government authorities throughout, that wo have been preserved from a fearful outbreak o£ pestilence. In a third letter on " Cholera in London," published in The Hour, tho correspondent describes most graphically bia visit to tho plague-stricken snip, with tho touching scenes witnessed on board. After the inspection ho left in a boat with tho doctor, when the following conversation took nlace between thom : " ' We've eight cases o£ Bick now,' said Dr. Whitcomb. ' We had reduced the number to six, but, ns you soo, tyvo fresh cases havo broken out to-day. Thoro aro only 31 souls on board of the Rhein at present ; wo had 80 odd at first, but 45 of them havo just gone away on board tho Osprey, comparatively healthy. I thought it bettor that thoy should be out of tho way of all danger from infection as soon as possible. Thero have been in all six deaths among the peoplo sinco they joined us ; four among tho children, which wcro lather casca of choleraic diarrhoea than cholera of the malignant Asiatic typo. Tho children can't battle with tho disenso at all. They are poor, sickly, ill-fed things, eaten up mostly with worms ; and it ia chiefly, if not wholly, among - the bad conditioned families that the disease pro vails. Tho poor creatures, from what I can see and hear, live mostly on bad bread and butter, and on bacon that is not ovon cooked. The child that died in London be- longed to a poor, unhealthy, ill-fed family. Tho mother herself has had diairhaia two or tinco times since coming on boaid, and sho has lost two other children boro in a few days. On the other nana, uno Very decent family, consisting of mau and wife and eight children, have escaped altogether. The great majority of the fatal cases occur among the children, and I am afraid, from yvhat I see to-day, that wo shall loso soiuo more of the little ones yet.' " We then inquired of the doctor as to whether any of the cases which liad lately come under his observation on boaid tho Rhein had been voritablo Asiatic cholera. " ' Undoubtedly I' was the prompt and de- cided reply. 'Thoso whichocouired among the children were assuiedly not cholera, but mordy choleraic diarrhoea, as it is termed. But then, on the other hand,' said Dr. Whitcomb, ' the two fatal cases among tho adults wero as assuredly cboleia ns those among tho children wero simply choleraic This I can safely say from my oyvn expe- rience. I attended, one of thom from tlio beginning to the end, and thercforo know that to have been the marked vii ulont form of the disease, The fust case I saw was that of the man who ,wos stricken with the malady in Loudon, and who waa BO bad with it still whon. ho carno down to us that ho bad to bo led up the gang- way by two people. At the timo ho roachod us the cholera symptoms had all passed off, reaction had boen established, and what is known na "consecutivo fever" had &e;_f-- n'Jtag^tröV" cfîb_to.hn'-If 'íft'e symptoms that I aaw wero such ae would supervone ; and he died hero in 32 hours of that samo consecutive fever and congestion of the lungs.' " ' That was the first case,' continued our informant. ' The ^second case of puro, un- mitigated cholera broko out on the very night of the day on which the emigrants arrived, in a young man of 20. All tho symptoniB in this case woro decidedly thoso of cholera of the Asiatic type, Tho patient was struck doyvn into a Btato of colhvpso at onco ; ho was in that state, indeed, wlien I first saw him. The disease set in, as I say, on the Thursday, and ho remained in the state of utter prostration until the Sunday following. From that timo ho improved. Reaction had been thoroughly established ; ho had begun to walk about his cabin, and all seemed to go well with him till the Tuesday after. Then fever and con § cation of the lungs set in, and ho ied, let mo [seo' (consulting a papor), 'j yes, he died at 11 o'clock on Wed- nesday night. In fact, I am thoroughly satisfied from what I havo Iscon myself/ added the medical officor of the Port Sani- tary'. ' that Asiatic cholera has boon present in London. The last man that died on board our vossel certainly had cholera of that ohoracter. And I am as thoroughly satisliod that if tho emigrants bad Bailed then for Noyv Zealand, half of thom would havo diod on the voyage, if, indeed, a largo proportion woidd not, in all human piou.ability, havo been dead by this time.' " That in both theso fatal cases tho disease was imported thero can bo littlo doubt-im- ported either from Copenhagen, Kiel, or Frankfort-and that tlio infection was pre- vented spreading among tho people of our enormous community is duo solely to tho wiso and energetic measures adopted by tho several officers of health on tho occasion. WRECK OF THE NORTTIFLEET. Portions of tho cargo of tho ill-fated Northfleet aro still being recoverod, tho valuo of the salvage during tho pastwook amounting to nearly £100. Hopes aro yot ontertained of recovering the wholo of tlio valuablo iron on board, uut from the posi- tion of tlio vessel (to seaward of tho Spin drift), and tlio fact that the divers aro un able to work during troubled weather, it is feared that the hull will become wholly buried in tho sand during tho enforced delays in tho diving operations. STRANDING OF THE DUNMAIL. Among tho disasters of tho month is tho total wreck, on the Moraoy bar, of the now clipper ship Dunmail, of the White Star line, when starting on her first voyage to Mel- bourne. She left Liverpool on Saturday ovon ing, August 9, and although towed by a steamtug and in chargo of a pilot, she drifted on to tho Queen's Channel liar a fow hours afterwards, stnick heavily, and (¡nally sank, tho passengers and crow being rescued with somo difficulty. Tlio first feeling in Liver- pool when the news arrived was one of consternation, heightened probably by amazement at such an occurrence in such a season of tho year. It was, no doubt, blowing a galo at tho time, but the dis- tressing peculiarity is that tho wind increased in violence so suadonly as to rondcr tho aid of tho towing steamer of no avail. Ono account states that after tho tug left the clipper becamo unmanageable, and drifted on to tho bar : another and moro probable story is that she first touched tlio bar and that the additional strain snapped tho hawser. . Hore wo havo the parallel at sea to a good many disasters on land. A defectivo coupling chain, or point, or tire, or hawser, gives way at a critical moment, and straight- way, we nave confusion, suffering, and ruin. l'ortunately llieie was no sacnuco ot mo fiom tho Dunmail, tho boats and tugs avail ablehavingsufliccd to save every soul onboard. But tho danger was at ono timo gi cat, and tho lossof propertyis serious. Tho stranded vessel lies in a most dangerous position for passing ships, being in tlio fairway of tho channol, and it is of great importance that sho should be lemovcd, although, how this is to be dono without blowing her up is a matter of somo difficulty. Tho Dunmail was loaded by Messrs. Ismay, Imrie, and Co,, bul was not their pioperty. Tho vessel and tlio freight wercinsuicd, but of tho caigo it Is difficult to speak with ceitainty. Operations for saving the cargo aro boing carried out rapidly, and it is thought that, should tho weather continue line, tho greater part will be recovered. The legal assessor of the Board of Trado employed in inquiring into thecircumatances attending the loss of the Dunmail has sus- pended Captain Fisher's certificate for throe months, refusing to recognise the principle that a captain's responsibility ceased imme- diately upon the pilot's-arrival on board. THE VICTORIA TVRHT The Dailj recorder of thin morning com menting on the Budget of the Victoria Government offers some cuticisms on the untan pleasure of ad valoi cm duties which are entitled to consideration 1 he financial condition of the colony may be considered ilounshinr* There is a suiplus of about i quartei of a million to cuiyovei and the Qreasmer while estimât ng ti e revenue for the ensuing year at £3 883 CO sees Ins way topiovidc foi an expendituio of £4171688 Without any additional taxation It baa to be observed however that but little short of one half of the whole revenue of letona is derived fiom protectionist duties on British goods which aro unfair to one class and the most numeious class of the population and quite too fa\ ourable to unotliei and sm viler class Sir Charles Gavan Duffy was the founder of this branch of the revenue and the present Treasurer Mi Langton a free trader criticises its injurious action though he does not seek in the meantime to distmb it There is one bad feature of the Victorian tai iff however which need not have been any longer over looked Ihe custom duties aie levied on an ad laloieit scale and the gteatly m creased \aluo of British goods lias couse quentlj had the eflect of increasing the piotective duty at the moment when it is roost oppicssive to the consumer If this souico ot lev ernie is essential to the colony the amount of piotection given by the duty should be fixed and specihe matead of pre «entiug the gioss anomaly of increasing willi the dearth and increased price of the goods They appear to bo farther adv anced on tins question m New South Wales than in ^ letona The advices fiom Sydney state that there is no doubt from the piospenty of the rev enue that the ad valm em duties will now be abandoned as the tonnage duties m the Eastern ports lune already been POSTAL ROUTE TO AUSTRALIA VIA TORRES STRAITS. The following letter from Messrs. Mac- taggart, Tidman, and Co., the contractors for the new Queensland service, is published in The Times of to- day : " Sir,-Your Australian correspondent, in referring to the postal contract entered into between the Queensland Government and our firm in London, expresses a fear lest tho commencement of the service may be delayed by the transference to a company of the con- tract in question. "A good deal of disappointment having been expressed at the possibility of such delay, will you allow us, through your columns, to assure those interested in the new route that the line is to be opened forth with, and also permit us to point out what it is hoped will be accomplished by it. "But first, we would so far correct your correspondent as to say that the contractors and their friends resolved from the first to form themselves into a company for the more convenient working of tho line, and in view of the possiblo necessity for its expansion. No moie time, therefore, has been occupied than was required for commu- nicating with tho Government in Brisbane und arranging some minor details of the con- tract. These being now settled, the first steamer of the Eastern and Australian Com- pany will be despatched from London on the 23rd inst. for Bnsbane and Sydney. "The company has in view two objects first, tho establishment of a four-weekly mail between England and Australia, via Singapoie, Java, and Torres Straits; and, secondly, tlie accommodation of the trade hitherto earned on in sailing vessels between the colonies on the one hand, and British India, China, the Straits Settlements, and Java on the other. "To assist the first object, the Imperial Government havo undertaken to carry be- tween London and Singapore, free of charge, the mails for Australia; and tho Govern- ment of Queensland have guaranteed for seven years an annual subsidy of £20,000, for the conveyance of the mails over the route through the Eastern Archipelago. "As warranty for the second object, tho colonies can already show some 30,000 tons of produce reaching them annually from Wcif&ou;Äicc^te one quarter of the globo'with those of tho other has been long a desideratum, and can" baldly fail to give an important stimulus to the commerce existing between them. "It is difficult to say which of the two objects, when accomplished, will conduce most to the prosperity of tlie colonies ; for, while rapid and regular communication with England ÍB of tho greatest' possible import- ance to their commerce, tlie means now placed at their disposal for drawing at will on tho unlimited labour market in China Should lead to a full and speedy development of their agricultural and mining resources." MISCELLANEOUS. Henri Rochefort appears to bo no favour- ite among his follow Communist priEoners, for it is reported by the Paris Figaro that tho convicts on board of the Virginie, in which ho ia being conveyed to New Caledonia, have attempted to lynch tho ex-editor of La Lanterne, who had, in consequence, to be separated from his fellow convicts. We understand that a contract has been signed for a line of telegraph to connect the Capo pf Good Hope-Did Natal, the Mauri- tius, and Aden-with England and the world. This scheme originated with M. do Roubaix, of the Cape, as lar back as the dinner given by tile Colonial Institute to celebrate the completion of telegraphic communication with Australia. The Honolulu correspondent of the Hart- ford (Connecticut) Courant states that Kin3 ' Lunalilo and his Cabinet have decided to agree to a Treaty of Reciprocity with the United States, and the cession of Pearl River to that country. Pearl River is a large har- bour about six miles weat of Honolulu. It opens to the south, and is not so much a river OB it is a narrow bay or lagoon, extend- ing into tho land some six or eight miles, with abundant depth of water. The shores aro low near the .ocean, but riso into high giound at the head of the river. Near the head is an island a half-mile in length, by a quarter of a milo wide, which is considered to be well adapted for a navy yard. The entrance to the harbour of Pearl River is comparatively narrow-about the same ns that to the harbour of Honolulu-at which most of the entrances of sailing ves- sels are made by the aid of steamtngs. The entrance to the harbour is partially barred by a coral íecf, perhaps 100ft. broad, upon which thero is a depth of 8ft. of water. This reef would have to be bloBted away, but the coral is not hard, and can be removed without great expenae. Of course, it yvould cost the Government something to mako a coaling and a naval station of Pearl River. But it lias become a necessity to havo a station in thcBO waters. This one, established, and stocked, and equipped at Pearl River, would riot only command all tho Sandwich iBlands, but all the Pacific Monds. Tho Hon. Saul Samuel, Postmastor-Gene ral of New South Wolea, who recently arrived here on a postal miasion in connexion with tho organisation of a mail service by way of San Francisco, has been since most actively engaged in London in furthcianco of that matter. On tho 14th ult., ho had an inter- view with Lord Kimberley, and wo understand that Mr. Samuol has succeeded in arranging with Mr. Thomas Russell, who represents tho NcwZcalandGovernmentjforthoco-operation of that colony in the establishment of the proposed mail service. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (l'BOM ODll OWN COIlltESrONDEKT.) LONDON, SEI-T. 5. The condition of tho money market has undergone no substantial chango since my report by the August mail. The Bank, it is true, has reduced its minimum from 3J to 3 per cent., but all tho esential features of tho situ- ation romain without alteration, A large in flux of bullion strengthened the resources of tho Bank about tho middle of the month, and prevented any adverse movement. Indeed, finding that their business was driftins from them into the open market, the directors on the 2lBtult., to everybody's surprise, lowered their rate of discount. With a tolerably active cur ront demand for money, and in the face of tho inevitable heavy requirements for autumn, this relaxation of terms wrs re- garded as inopportune, and was generally condemned. At the time of the chango the Bank bullion amounted to £24,185,000, and thoieserveto £13,287,000. Now the experi- ence of the past two years shows that these amounts are not likely to piove adequate to the strain common to this period of the year In 1871 the drain in seven weeks to the middle of October had boen upwards of six millions in the bullion department and con Biderably over seven millions m the íeserve In 1872 the efilux was not quite so large but still sufficient to îeduce the bullion and íeserve to a dangerouslj low pon t and necessitate a very sharp and rapid advance of the discount rate fiom 3J to G peí cent Tlie LconomiU antici pates a speeds lepetition of this disquieting action as the result of the piesent policy of the Bank Judging by past experience the withdrawal of coin for harvest requirements together with the mci ease of circulation for vacation purposes will bj the Oth of October reach fullj three millions which w ill bruig the reserv e down to about ten raillions-a point suro to nispne uneasiness in mercan tile cueles All this is independent of the German demand which may revivo any daj To aggravate these prospects we have the foreign exchanges soraew nat against us and iiiiao. AU the bullion "inaight" for September does not exceed three-quarters of amil! ion ¡no- thing more is due until the middle of October, when we may expect about half a million, and then nothing more till November. " As far as we have any data to go by," remarks the Economist, " the practical conclusion to come to is that the reserve is likely in the Iiext few weeks to run down to about ten millions, and to remain there for some weeks, unless an advance in the rate of discount should change the condition of the market. What the îesult may bo if the German de- mand, on however small a scale, should bo renewed about the end of September or be- ginning of October, is too clear to require dis- cussion. Tlie facts fuliy justify us in renew- ing our expression of regret that tho Bank should havo so needlessly reduced its rate to .the present low point. The existing state of the íeserve, and the demand in the open market, in view of all the certainties and contingencies of the next few weeks, point to a 5 rather than a 3 por cent, rato as being immediately required." Viewing the reduction of the minimum simply in relation to its own business, the movement of the bank was eminently satis- factory. The returns of the week succeed ing the change showed an increase in loans and discounts of more than a million, but this was accompanied by an almost equal ndvance in the deposits, from which it may be inferred that the augmented demand did not proceed from the pressure of immediate requirements, but rather from a precautionary desire to take advantage of the existing easy terms, believing them to bo only tem-, poiary. Rates are higher in all the continental markets than in London. In Paris there is considerable stringency, and from 4J to 5 per cent, has to be paid for accommodation. The Bank of France baa undertaken to open a credit with the city of Paris for 30 millions of franca until the 31st of December next. On the Vienna Bourse business is resuming its oidinary course, the recent liquidation having passed off without any indication of Ercssure or uneasiness. From Berlin wo ave tidings of business inactivity, coupled with a return of ease to the money market, owing doubtless, in great measure, to the holiday scoaon. According to the lateat pub- lished report-to August 9-the-amount of the new German coinage minted wa? £41,203,000. ***' nujtc Tho financial writer who does tno anio weekly review in the Daily Neivs mentions another influence which is likely to tell against us in the coming months, namely, the deficiency of the harvest in Western Europe. With our own wheat crop 20 per cent, below tho average, and Franco and other countries competing with UB in the pur- chase of foreign com, we shall have to pay a considerable amount more than usual for our enormous imports. Already we hear that the Californian fannel s are holding back their stock in hopes of stiffer prices. This cause by itself in ordinary times would pro- bably be insufficient to cause a serious strin- gency, but with a margin so small as at present this disturbing element must not be overlooked. The English funds have for some time past been very flat, and the flatness is ascribed to constant sales of stock by the Council of India. TheBe sales, according to the Daily Telegraph, aro made with the view of pre- paring for the possible redemption of the India ten and a half per .cents, early next year. By the act of 1833 the capital stock of ¿he^ast India Company, then amounting to 10| per cent,-the annual"charge forming part of tho territorial debt of India-until the 30th of April, 1874, when it was to be redeemable at the option of the Legislature at £200 per cent. By the same act the sum of £2,000,000 was to bo taken from the pioceeds of the. company's saleable effects, and invested in the public funds as a guarantee for the re- demption. It ia pal t of this security fund, with its accumulation of interest for the last 40 years, which is gradually being realised, and under these circumstances it is not sur- prising that consols should havo shown no symptoms of îallying when other markets wcie so buoyant. In the stock market generally, slackness of business baa been the principal characteristic of the month. The half-monthly settlements havo proved light and easily arranged There bas been a continuous advance in Russian stocks. Turkish and Egyptian havo been irregular, owing to the operations of speculators. In English railways a moderate rise has been established. Tho telegraph market has been depressed, owing to the non-arrival of tidings from the Great Eastern as to the issue of the attempt to pick up the 1805 Atlantic cable, and also some' imper- fections discovered in the now Brazilian cable. In colonial Government securities firmness is still predominant, and prices on the whole aro better than they were last month, as tho annexed quotations will show : Names of Companies, &c.; £ GOVERNMENT STOCKS. 100 Victoria Government,!) por cent. (Jan. und July) ?. 100 ¡Do.,do. (April and Oct.).. 100 ,Do., 6 per cent. (Jan. and | July) ;. 100 .Now South Wales, G por cent., 1871 to 1870 (Jan uni! July). 100 ¡Do., do., 1888 to 1002 (do.) 10P |Do., do. redeem. 1807 to 1875 (do.). 100 Do., do., 2 per cent. an. I dravvliigsfroinlS72tolS0S 100 ¡Do., do,, 1000 (Jan. and I July) . 100 South Australian, 0 pet cent. (1831 to 1890) 100 Do., do. (1S01 to 1000) 100 ¡Do., do. (1001 to 1018) 100 .Queensland, o per cent., 1891-0 (JaiCirJuly) - 100 Do., do., 1S82 to 1885 100 'New Zealand, 0 por oont. I (Jan. and July), 1891 .. 100 |Do., do., 1801. (March and Sept.) . 100 Do., do., 1891 (Juno and | Dee.) . 100 Do., 0 per cent, consols, (Jaii.-April.Jtüv-Oct.).. 100 'Do., 5' per cent. (Jim. mid I July) . 100 ¡Tasmania, fl per cent., 1895 j (Jan. and J uly) .. 100 Do., do., redeemable 1893 I to 1001 .. I COMPANIES' BONDS. 100 Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Kail wayo nor cent, llonils (1SS0) Do., 5 per cent., 1805 .. BANKS. Now South Wales.. Australasia Union of Australia South Australia . ? ,, London Chartered of Aus< tralla . English, Scottish.and Aus- tralian Chartered ,, Oriental . Now Zealand .. ,, Victoria . Otago . National of Australasia .. MINES Australian .. Australian United Oold .. Yudanamutaiia of South Australia.. Port Phillip Mining Co. Scottish Australian Mining Kapunda, S.A. Yorko Peninsula .. MISCELLANEOUS. Australian Agricultural.. Australian Mortgago, Land and Finance, llsh and Australian Copper . Melbourne!: Hobson'« Buy Otago and Southland In- vestment Company New Zealand Trust &' Loan Now- Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency South Australian Land ., Trust and Agency of Aus- tralasia . mi Piemen's Land Noitli BrltisliAustralaslan Peel Uiver Landa Mineral Scottish Australian Invest- ment . 20 23s. 21} All 2} Engll riNANCIAI, OlLUATIONS There is a lull m the financial oa in the political world The magnates of the Stock J_.cb.ange and the jacl ill tribe of conroctois and speculators aie alike resting from their labours or pieparmg tor a new campaign >>o gieat loan foieign 01 domestic casts its shadow over the money market and the Alabama indemnity payment has been duly made and is almost forgotten New cora pames clnelly of an industrial character daily issue their prospectuses and tout foi sul acribéis of capital but it is believed with small success The scant welcome accoided to the Australian gold mining schemes brought forwaid last month baa checked fuithei development of enterpnse m that dncction Vi hoover may be lcsponsible fm (lout nrl ir-f m nf thone undertakings to the British public have not, unfortunately, contributed to the credit of the colonies. The Globe Telegraph and Trust Company having nchieved so marked a success is urged to follow up that success boldly by a further issue of Globe Btock. Great numbers of timid and cautious shareholders held aloof and waited to BOC the íesultof the company's first nppenl, and no sooner was the triumph known than they were anxious to secure Bbarcs.. But many of them were too late ; the lists were cloBed before their appli- cations could be made ; and it is thought that by these disappointed telegraph share- holder and others another million or two of Globe stock would be readily absorbed. The Cheque Bank-a novelty in bauking accom- modation-has obtained the requisite capital, sui mounted its pieiiminary legal diffi- culties, and commenced operations in the city, and at the West-end. The Levant Herald states that the establishment of an Americo-Oriental Bank has been projected in the highest financial quarters. The capital, fixed at four millions, has been wholly subscribed by the founders, including American, French, and English bankers of the first standing. The working branches of the institution will be in Constantinople and Egypt, but the board of directors will be in London. The objects of the scheme are of a mercantile character, and the ends it is de- signed to compass are the development of the commercial relations of Asia and the Levant with Europe and America. 1 Casting our eyes towards the continent, we behold a general restriction of specula- tive enterprise, owing to the serious warning administered by the late financial disasters. We find in a German paper some interesting figures showing the check to the creation of public companies in Germany during the first half of the present year. During the first six months of 1872, capital to the extent of about 787 million florins, or nearly £05,700,000 sterling, was created for varioua undertakings ; while in the corresponding period of the currentyear, the capital created tor similar purposes did not far exceed 174 million florins, or about £14,500,000, shovving a difference of more than £51,000,000. The cause of this falling off is to be found in the severity of the crisis which prevailed in Ger- many during the last months of the latter period, and which, as the above figures indi- cate, ancstcd in a considerable degree the speculative fever that bad followed the ter- mination of the Fiauco-German war. As i égards banks, mining companiea, and con- struction companies, the most important falling off ia exhibited. DIVIDEND MEETINGS. Bank of Australasia.-At the meeting, on the 11th ult., the directors reported that since the meeting of the proprietors in March the business of the bank had been satisfac- tory. The lecent advance of the rate of in- terest in the Australian colonies had resulted fiom the increasing legitimate demand for banking accommodation, and the directors looked forwaid to the employment in the colonies of all the resources of the bank at an early date. Tho latest advices reported in- creased activity in all industrial and com- mercial enterprise, and the buoyancy of prices in the London wool market could not fail to increase the general feeling of confi- dence in the value of pastoral properties. The amount of undivided profita exhibited in the last accounts admit of a second dividend of 5 per cent., or 40s. per share, for the half year, which will be declared at the usual time, and payable on the 7th of October. The Chairman, Mr, J. B. Darvall, in moving the adoption of the report, said the business of the bank was satisfactorily advancing at all its branches. The circulation had in- creased to some extent, and the deposits had also increased in proportion to the giowtli of .the business. In the discount and other secured advances there waa a very consider , compared favourably with those of other similor establishments-indeed, there had been a small diminution in the expenses, notwithstanding the increase in the business. It was in contemplation to eiect new bank- ing premises at Melbourne, on an excellent site which belonged to the bank, in ordor to afford more ample accommodation for the business, and when these new promises were completed the old building would be dis posed Of. Up to the present time there had been some difficulties in the way of having a local proprietaiy in tho colonies ; but recently those difficulties had been over- come, and he hoped that before long the bank would have an influential colonial pro- prietory, who would bring remunerative bnsi ncES to the bank. With îespect to the New Zealand part of the business, up to the pre- sent timo he had not been ablo to congratu- late the Bharoholdera upon'ita success ; but on the present occasion he was happy to bo able to do so, and he might mention that the directors had just îeceived a telegram con- taining the pleasing intelligence that at one New Zealand branch the business had trebled. The report was adopted. During tho brief conversation it transpired that the cost of the new bank premises at Melbourne will be about £25,000. Mr. J. Joshua was elected to the board. An extraordinary meeting of the London and Australian Agency Corporation (Limited) will bo held on Tuesday, the 9th of Sep- tember j the purpose is to enable the corpo- ration (if the shareholders shall so determine) to pass a special resolution requiring the corporation to be wound up voluntarily, but subject to the supervision of the Court. The directors of the National Bank of Zealand have appointed Mr. W. J. Steele, formerly accountant to the Bank of New Zea- land, and now secretary to the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company (Limited), their London manager, in the place of Mr. Alexander Grace, who has re- signed from ill-health. it is announced that, in the place of tlie Hon. Sir Terence, Aubrey Murray, deceased, Lieutenant Coulson has joined the board of direction as chairman, in Sydney, of the Great Australian Gold-mining Company, Hawkins Hill. Mr. Monis Lewis, of Messrs. Lewis Brothers, New Zealand merchants, of Jeff rcy'S'Bquare, St. Mary-axe, lias joined the Board of the Australian Meat Agency (Tal lerman's) Company, Limited. The first or statutory meeting of tho Globe Telegraph and Trust Company (Limited), WBB held last week. From the report pre- sented, it appears that, of the 300,000 shares of £10 each offered to the public, the directors havo allotted 224,532 shares, of which 112,200 were for preference shares, and tho re- mainder-112,200-for ordinary shares. Of this number, 210,052 wero issued in exchange for stock or shares of other companies. A reference to the fact that Mr. William Ford has been elected to a seat at the board was received with cheers. Tlio chairman (Sir Daniel Gooch), in reply to a question, said he possessed no late information from the Great Eastern. On the 14th inst., sho was at Heart's Content, and then had picked up a portion of the 1805 cable in 500 fathoms of water. The appearanco and condition of tho cable are stated to bo much better than had been anticipated. Sir Daniel Gooch ex- pressed an opinion that the Great Eastern lins been detained by fogs, and it would bo impossible for her to continue her Bearch in foggy weather. The report WBB unanimously adopted. The Australian Meat Agency (lalleiman s) Company -1 be hist half yearly meeting took place on the 20th ult 'Hie accounts of the transactions lo June the 30th show a net piont of £1 lO'l, one lift li of which is payable to Mi lalleiman foi his seivn.es as manig mgdirectoi while the lemiundei wasappio pnatcd to the payment of an interim divi- dend at ihe rate of 10 pel cent pel annum The totalnumbci of shines issued, inclusive of thoveiidoi s, is 5 110 lepiesentmg a sub scribed capital of £21,730, upon w hu li £17,583 has been paid It is pioposed to take steps toissuo2 500 shares at pin, existing sbaie holdeis havnig the prefeienco in the allot- ment Should these be placed, no fuitbei issuo will be made eveept at a piemium In the lepoit the dnectois state that " they ha\e c\ciy íeason to be satished with the progress of the company, and feel assured that a fan field foi future operations is befoio them The transactions of the past half vear would have been laigely incieased but foi the shoit supply of stock, yet as the number of pioducmg companies ia now rapidly mcieasing theie ia eveiy reason to hope that this is a matter that will speedily rectify itself The company s constitu- ents continue to inciease, and ey,ery satisfaction is expressed by them at the manner in which their interests are pro tected Practical knowledge and experience have led to gieat lmptovements in the pre servation of the various meats now im ported The tinned meats aro not over cooked, and, being prepared more m accord ince with lecognised dishes of the home cuisine are more vnlntable than tlie plain boiled meats that wero shipped m the carl} dnjs of meat preseivinr and a great v anety of entrées soups &.c aie now coming for yvaid The mutton bims are so greatly mi pioved m their preparation tint they now sell freely each shipment as it comes forivaid beinj, îeadily taken up Tlie subject of the impoi tallon m ice of fresh meat in joints is ci eating gi eat interest throughout the colonies In New South Wales the extensiv e plant and machinery of Messrs Mort and Kicholle of Sjdney, are rapidly approaching completion and will soon be m woiking older, vvhilBt in Victoria the colonists them selv es hav e publicly subscubed £2 500 foi the mai mc an exuerimental tnal shipment of 20 tons of fresh meat, which was to leave Melbourne in July last per Norfolk. Some shipments of butter arrived in good condition, and have been dis- posed of at rates that proved satisfactory to the consignor, who has announced his inten- tion of malting further large consignments throughout the season. Tlio board antici- pate a large business in this article. The company have also received several consign- ments of wine, and are offered an unlimited supply for disposal, but they have as yet been unable to give that attention to this article that it lequires, but hope to make sucli arrangements at an early date as will esta- blish it as a valuablo branch of the com- pany's business. Consignments of jams aro now coming forward, and comparing as they do, most favourably with Home manufac- tures, there can be no doubt that they will enter into successful competition with them." The company have continued the series of public movements initiated by Mr. Taller man, having for their object the dissemina- tion of a knowledge of preserved foods among all classes. They have maintained the supply of penny dinners to children belonging to various metropolitan oiganisations. Materials for upwards of 20,000 meals have been deli- vered at Homerton, Poplar, Stepney, and other places, to be partaken of by the poor children of those districts twice a week. Satisfactory experiments have also been made in the preparation and expeditious dis- tribution over London of cheap meals for all classes-a project that has been warmly taken up by working men's committees in different parts of the metropolis. The company, more- over, have taken advantage of the existence of our great public exhibitions to disseminate a knowledge of preserved meats and their mode of preparation. At South Kensington, in addition to an extensive collection of impoited meats, a complete preserving plant has been fitted up, and the process explained to visitors. At the Dublin Exhibition, in the food collection at the Bethnal-grecn Museum, and at Vienna, full justice has been done to the food products of the colonies. At tho latter place the meats exhibited by the com- pany obtained the highest awards possible. The Emperor of Austria inspected the com- pany's department during the recent visit of Mr. Tallerman, and expressed his satisfac- tion to the manager. FAILURES AND LIQUIDATION'S. The course of mercantile affairs does not run smoothly in Lancashire. In Liverpool and Manchester, bankruptcies and failures have been frequent of late, and rather a gloomy feeling prevails as to the immediate future. Several members of the Stock Exchange have failed during the past month, with moderate liabilities. They were mostly speculators for the fall in English Railway Stocks, which have recently advanced to an important extent. The committee have had to Buspend another member of the Exchange for three months, for his connexion with irregular business. Three of the leading officials connected with the Jersey Joint-stock Bank-tho chair- man and two managers-which lately sus- pended payment for £135,000, have been arrested, but admitted to bail. They have undergone preliminary examinations on the charge of fraudulently representing the con- dition of the bank to be prosperous when it was far otherwise, and disposing of new shares at £5 premium. TRADE, "TELEGRAPHS, RAILWAYS, o*C. The Lord Chancellor has appointed Lord Romilly as successor of the late Lord West- bury in the arbitration of tbn Kuropean As auuuiocuiiiiMuj, «.ml it io hoped that Miara will soon be a dividend for the policy holders, who are beginning to complain of being subject to more cruel delay in this respect than the victims of the Albert. Wo lately received the acarcely credible tidings that it had been ascertained by experiment that messages could bo simul- taneously transmitted in opposite direc tiona along a singlo wire. According to a circular issued by Mr. William Abbott, of the Stock Exchange, it appeals that the discovery is not to be allowed to sink into practical oblivion. Mr. Abbott says : "The new system of ' duplex' working, by means of a new condenser, wliich splits the current of electricity and enables the ope- rator to send messagea through the cablea in contrary directions at the same moment, has now been successfully organised by tho Eastern Telegraph Company. The able and accomplished electricians of that company have surmounted all ' difficulties, and have proved the perfect applicability of the system to submarine telegraphy by practically adapt- ing it to the section of the cables between Lisbon and Gibraltar (330 miles) and Malta and Alexandra (950 miles). As soon as the neceaaary instruments can be obtained, tho electricians, profiting by the experience they have acquired on the shorter cables, fully expect to be able to apply the system also successfully to the longer sections between Malta and Gibraltar (1,120 miles), between Suez and Aden (1,450 miles), and between Aden and Bombay (1,820 miles.)" According to the Levant Herald, negotia- tions have been entered into during the recent visit to Constantinople of the agent of the English submarine telegraph cable com- panies, wliich will, in all probability, result in the laying of a new electric cable between Alexandria' and Crete, and thence to Zanto and Otranto, on the Italian coast. An un- successful attempt was made 15 years ago to establish telegiapbiccommunication between Egypt and the island of Crete, after sound- ings had been taken by H.M. surveying-ship Medina ; but the cable, while in the act of submersion, snapped, and was lost, beyond Cape Sidero, at a depth of 2,000 fathoms. Since then great improvements havo been effected in the manufacture of submarino cables, and in tho art of submerging them. South American advices state that the Argentine Government has accepted Messrs. Clark and Co.'s offer to construct the Trans- andino Railway foi- 27,000,000dol., 7 per cent, guarantee. Acting under a resolution passed by the Railway Companies' Association in June, Mr. Oakley, general manager of the great Northern Line, applied to Mr. Gladstone for informa- tion as to the course the Government in- tended to pursue with regard to tho pas- sengers' duty. The answer was contained in two letters, the first expressing a hopo that arrangements might be mado for remitting the duty in the interests of tho travelling public, and the other regretting that no satis- factory method of attaining that result had yet been discovered. Mr. Gladstone appears to have informed the companies that ho was prepared to give up the duty on third class carriages, provided the railways reduced their charge to a penny ti mile for all trains, that they should grant third-class return tickets, and that no charge should be made for fractions of a mile. The association de- clined, and must now be coerced by public opinion. The forged telegram announcing the pay mont of the last coupon on the Spanish debt which mado such a commotion ni monetär cn cles last month turns out to hav o been n leal telegram at all It was an entuo fairnea lion Mi Scudamoie says it novel passed o\ei the wiies at all and m îcpudiating all lesponsibihty foi this particulai concoction li" tal es occasion to lemaik that even in re pj cet to false messages actually transmitted ly wnc 01 cable the commonest caution on the pai t of the recipients of the messages would huflicc to fiusti ite the design of the pendéis I old Canns has issued Ins second award m the Albeit Aibitiation Hie shareholder in the lanuly 3 ndovv mont Society willieceive each £3 10s pei slmc those in the Westein Society 5» those m the Metropolitan Counties 7s Od and those in the Anchor lOd ii i ei sime is to be returned to the Albeit contubutones and no fuither call will be mu io on tlieni Hie lavin,, of a second cable fiom 1 ngland toDenmail foi theC icat àoithein lcleDraph Com] any was co npleted on Satin day 1 ist hy Mi A\ P Henley of Isoith 'W oolvvich A cable also fiom 1 lance to Denmail and one fiom Denni ni to Sweden have been laid by the sad lum dunn-, tho list few weeks mal ing au addil ion of nearlj, 1000 miles to the G i eat Northern Company s sj s tem THE HAltVEST The old adato that a bad beginning is fre- quently followed bj a good ending is likely to be v enOed this season in regard to our corn ciops Tlie drenched condition of tho land duiing last autumn in many quarters pre \ enting sow nit altogether, and in numerous instances rotting the seed whero it was got in and the cold ungenial weather during the Bprmg extending so late as the beginning of June had picpaiedus to expect an unusually late liai vest and woefully deficient crops These gloomy apprehensions have, however been happily dispelled Two months of magnificent weather has wrought a magical change ni oui harvest piospects and expe rienccs Continuous sunshine, tempered hy wann show eis and lofreshmrrbieezes fanning oui fields, have matured the crops two orthree weeks cal her than was at ono time deemed possible, and nnpioved the quality of every kind of cereal produce Reaping operations commenced m the south and south west of England in the earlydajs of August, they have proceeded uninteiruptedly to the pre sent time through the Lastern Counties and the Midland to tho far North, where the work of liigariieiing is this yeal m an unusually adv anced stage of progi ess There have been no violent stoims or heavy winds to diench or prostiatc the standing crops theio is no gcncial rust or mildew, and labour has been equal to the demand Owing to the late deiangemenfc of the relations between the faimeis and their labouieis feais vv etc entertained that a difficulty would bo experienced ni piocunng a sufiiciency of hands, but these feais appear to havo been eioundless One îeasou piobablv is 1 -* If"«« " " 1 " " "n^ "I,., ""I ,nllw niai, uicciupa uavin-, ui --.uieu iUJ b"""*'i and w ithout nitei ruption from inclement wea tbei laboui has been tiansfened ni an oideily and quiet manner fiom one district to anotliei without leaving anears Seldom have cutting and cauying and stacking been accomplished with so little waste of toil Then tlieie lias undoubtedly been this season a considerable uiciease in the use of íeapiii), machines and other labour saving imple meiits 'Hie men have almost eveiywheie íeceivcd an advance of wages for the han est, and ai peal to be woikui*; contentedly md well Next to tlio auspicious circumstances at tending the ingathering of the ciops, the question of tho piobable yield has for some weeks agitated the agi ¡cultural mmd, and in tercsted more 01 less the mind of the public ?\A ith animal food so monstrously dear, it is a rnattei of some moment to us what price we shall havo to pay foi biead during the coming winter lue poi tents are not ov er clieenng During the whole month the corn market has been hardening and prices foi wheat aie several shillings per quartei highei than they were last mai) day Ade laide w heat has boen cleared off by Tiench bivyeis at 04s to 05s Od Tholienchde mand, caused by an estimated deficiency m that country, may pi ove only temporary, but in the meantime, our marketa are forced up week by week, and the price of the quartern loaf has naen to an uncomfortable figure Unfoitunately, the harveat finda us with stocks of wheat and breadstuffs seriously depleted Although we have ímpoi ted veiy heavilv throughout the lost 12 months, it is stated that the wheat on band ia less by a million quarters than at the beginning of last linn est As this is a twelfth of our annual împoit tbedeficiencynotunnaturallyoperates poweifiiHy upon our market But what ot the new wheat crop * It is of course prema ture to pronounce accurately what the out turn vv ill be, but sev eral of oui great autlio nties judging fiom samples gatheied from vanous parts of the countiy, estimate that the iield of the ciop will prove from 15 to 20 per cent below the a\ erage This deficiency arises partlj from tho mfeiioi quality and weight of the grain in many distiicts, and paitlj from the diminished acieage of land under wheat cultivation One vvntei puts the diminution of aiea at half a million acres Last jeal we imported no less than 12 million quaiters of wheat and Horn. A consideiable part of this unusual demand upon foreign sources was occasioned by the senous deliciency m the yield of potatoes, but tins j ear the potato crop is promising, and v erj little disease is heard of This is something m oui favoui ?With îegard to our piospects of supnlj fiom abroad, we leam that in Russia the corn ciops aie good, and the yield fully, if not exceeding, anaveiage Germany is not ex- pected to have any surplus for expoit 1 lance, Spain, and Italy, it is feared, will show a deficiency, and be competitors with ¡in m Hi« vvoi Id's maikets But in the United States and Canada the ciops are repotted to be remailtably good, while the contnbutiona of South Australia to our cereal needs are beginning to assume an aspect of import- ance Mr Jas Sandeison estimates tlio yield of oui bailoj crop at 1*5 per cent ovei the average Oats are deficient The bean and pea ciops aie unusually good while tuinips and mangolds aie singularly pro- mising The ha} produce is pronounced a fair aveiage Fiuits are generally a failure COLONIAL WOOL SVLES The detailed repoits of the position of the colonial wool mari et ni London forwarded by last mail íepreseiiteitíwith tolerable accuracy the rcaulta of the Bales to the 8th of August Tlio series terminated on the IGtb and the chief noticeable featuie of the eight concluding days was a îecovery of the fiimness which had been tcmporunly lost On the whole the auctions have been emi nently satisfactory and the buoyant tone with which they closed has boded well for tlio succeeding sales of the present year The ease with which so laige a quantity of wool has been disposed of must bo attubuted to the apuited operations of foieign and especially I lench buyeis Ibe numbei of bales purchased on foreign account is vaiiously estimated at 120 000 to 110 000 out of about 215 000 bales catalogued - Hie most impoitant feature ni this series says Mi Schwartz has been the position of combing wool 1 îom the outset the con Mction gained ground especially among the foieign trade that as tins was the last occa sion in the present y eai in w Inch a good selec tion of combing would bo offeied nothing could be gamed by waiting but that even if puces were high the} could with the small suppl} only use still highei later in the year It is not surprising that with such avfeel ing predominating good combing wools should have been pushed to a height which has not been exceeded even in the lebruary sales of 1872-the highest that have been held diumg tho past live or Bit years Supenoi fleece washed combing w ools-especially Poit Phillip S}dncy and l\eiv Zealand-commanded with a nev ei failint competition extieme rates throughout Greasy wools too lose during the first fortnight 2d above the May level and the best descriptions have held this gioundtothc laBt but the heavy and infe nor sorts especially those from Sydney and the fiequently sandy wools from Now /en land gaye wa} somewhat in the course of the sales ana can now 1 <\- quoted only about Id higher than in Ma} Vi hen bowey ei this one group- combing wool is excepted the mail ot doc8 not appear on an exceptionally high lovel A 8tiong use-about 2d - ceituinly took place on Capes in the eaily »pait of the sales, but half of that was lost again later on and it Bbould in addition bo lcmembered that as comparad with Australian combing Cape wool had foi some time stood m a depressed position Best snow white is now paid 2s 5d to 2g 5Jd -% good but not uuuaual level Scoured S}dnc} again has during tho wholo series been obtainable on very íeasonablo terms and the same may be said of all cloth ing descnptions Ciossbrcds of w Inch there is an oyei increasing supply fell led to 2d per lb at the outset ana continued dull of sale for some time but met with better com petition later on and have somewhat nu prov ed their position Lambs wool has been scarce butthoie was but a languid inquiry foi it and except during the last two or three day 8 when the demand was nore spirited linces haye mied but little higher than m May Messis Thomas and Cook estimate the average advance established during the sales as follow s - Australaslni combing 2d to 3d por lb Bo clotl ii -, Id to 2d do Do 6COI re I Jil told do Do greasy lil io 2d do C-ipo llcecc Od told do C j c scoi red Id toljd id told do Cn] oLicaiv do Compaiuij, the present with the fust senes of the vcu the results must be 1 lgblj satis fietoij to niipoiteis but as prices have now so neailj appioivhed the high lange of 1 ebiuaij 1S72 it is necessaij that the futuie piospects of the ti ade should bo carefully considered Ihough oui home inauufac tuieis are fanlj emplojed it cannot be said that thej aie doing a piofitable business and consequcntl} then puichases at these s iles lave been mado with unusual caution the total quantit} tal en foi home consumption not vmountnifc to much more than one thud ihe total qumtity purchased foi foieign account to the present time a lioimts to 2S0 000 1 ales which is about the quantity I ikon foi the whole of last je ti Mr. H. Scwartze thinks the prospects for the two remaining series of the year are good. "On the Continent the position of the industry is improving, and though in England the trade is still unsatisfactory in many quarters, the probability of a good harvest, the cheap rate of money, and the fact that the stocks of wool aro moderate everywhere, may be expected to exercise a favourable influence, and bring about an umelioiation towards the close of the year." In regard to the respective quae'ties of the different colonial wools offered at the late scries, Messrs. Thomas and Cook make the following remarks :-"The bulk of the wool from Port Phillip has only been of a medium description, but embraced some good and superior parcels, both washed, scoured, and in the grease. Sound combing flocks have been eagerly competed for throughout. Sydney wool has been below an average both in quality and condition, and a large propor- tion has been more moity and seedy than usual Some of the deeper grown flocks hav e been w eil competed for by tho French combers and lealiseil high prices Adelaide lias been in fair supply, mit the bulk of the scoured wool has been tender m the staple, rendenng it quite useless for tho woisted trade, foi which some brands have been gradually increasing m favour The pro uction of ciossbred and Leicester in New Zealand continues to increase, and some flocks hav e ev idently received gi eat care and attention, being both well grown and well classed. Tiiese met with ready sale, and biought high rates We îegret, however, to notice that this process of crossing has in many cases been carried to excess, and whilst the original Menno character has been almost lost, it has not been replaced by eithei the length or lustie of the Leicester breed, but is coarse, and unev en in length and quality, lendeiuig it unsuitable for clothing, and much depieciated in v alue as ii combing wool A largei piopoition than usual lias been in the gi ease, and some pumo lots have commanded unusually high i ates Good lamí s' wool sold freely at a Blight ad vanee, but inferioi and faulty paicelsvveie depressed and Bold megulaily The íelation of supply and demand foi the entire j ear is a point of consideiable im- portance, and about which there isa want of unanimity By some, prices aie regarded as too high to be îelied upon with any degree of certainty, while others point out the smallness of oui jirospectiv e Buppbes m sup poit of then opinion, that furn tates will prevail for some time to come Messrs Buxton and Hunter advocate caution in the following terms -"The quantity of wool of last j eai s clip remaining to be sold is now comparatively small, and we do not anticipate any important alteiation in values during this season, but all those who are about to operate, with a view to next j ear, should do so with extieme caution, and should consider whether present rates are justified by the state of trade general!}, and vv bethel they aio at all likely to be main tamed in the face of an increased production Exceptional causes hav e assisted to keep the prices of wool high during this year, but he would take a sanguine view indeed who reckoned on a long continuance of so high an av erage v alue " Anothei circular, that of MOBSIS Willans, Overbury, and Co, has a more confident tone in the extract annexed \- As regards the state ot traue, ir. is sufhcient to report that, while con- sumption of the raw material continues on a large, though somewhat leduced, scale, com- plaints aie nfe that the profits of manufac tuimgaiegenerallyinadequate A further con- ti action in the production of goods is tiiere fore not improbable On the other hand, it must be borne in mind that the arrivals for the two remaining auctions of the season will probably not etceed 150,000 bales (or about one fifth of the total annual impoit) to supply the current requirements of the ti ade foi the next six months ' " On the wholo," says the Economist, ' a moderate view of the maiket in prospective would apparently give the lmrnession that a small reduction in price will be quite sufhcient to sustain the demand from abroad in the one case, and to increase the home requirements in the othci " The next series will commence on the 2nd October, and the supplies that w ill be a\ ail able font may be estimated at about 110,000 bales, of winch 30,000 bales will be Cape vv ool The arrivals to the picsent date leach nearly 80,000 bales rilODUCE Mv.Rh.ETH The tallow market has been firm during the month, although but a limited business baa been transacted There has been rather more inquiry foi P V C and pricea havo con sequently adv anced about Od pel cwt m all positions, the present quotations being 42s Od per cwt on the spot, 4is for Octobei to Decembei, and 41s Od for dein ery during December only The import of all kinds of foreign and colonial tallow last month was 11,490 packages, against 7,027 casks m the same month last yeai, and 5,300 casks in 1871 The dein enes amounted to -3,8% casks against 8,814 casks in 1872, and 9040 casks m 1871 The stock on tlio 30th ult was "Í0.548 casks, against 37 030 casks at the same time last year, and 21,899 casks in 1871 Town tallow, is m moderate supply at 41s per cwt net cash, being an advance of Is Od pel cwt Australian tallow has met w ith a fan de mand without any important variation in prices, the piesent quotations being fully equal to those current at the date of last lepoit, M/ -Mutton, fair to good, 42s to 13s Od , and beef, fan to good, 40s Od to 11s 3d per cwt, Import, 7,21G packages, sales 4/100 packages, stock in first hands 0,513 packages By the advices just received from tlio colonies, the total shipments for the month ending the 15th July weie 2 057 pack ages, against 1,990 in 1872 and 0,090 in 1871, and the quantity afloat is 3 001 packages against 8,200 in 1872 and 10 000 in 1871 Cocoanut oil is very dull Cochin at 37s to 38s , Ceylon at 33s to 33s Od , and Sydney at 2Hs to 3is per cwt Australian Hides.-No improvement lias taken place in the market for this class of hide, and the sales continuo small at a re- duction of id. per lb. The transactions com- prise:-1,516 bides ox and cow, Sydney, fair to good lBt heavy Ogd. to CJd., do. first light Ggd. ; Brisbane, 2nds 5ïd.: New Zea- land, 2nd class, 5Jd. per lb.; and 907 horse av. 17yib. to l8 Jib. 7s. to 8s., av. 1231b. 5s.; cut, av. 17ilb., 0s. Od. per hide. Import, 11,927 hides ; stock, 21,220 do. The following aro the quotations for first-class hides : Heavy, good, average 501b. to 601b., Syd- ney 6¡jd. to 6Jd., Melbourne 6.1d. to 6j|d. ; prices, September 4, 1872. 63d. to 7Jd. per lb. Middling to fair, do., Sydnev Gd. to OJd., Melbourne 6d. to 6Jd. ; September 4,6?d. to 7d. Inferior, or in bad condition, do., Sydney 5Jd. to Gd., Melbourne 5Jd. to ß!fd.; September 4, OJd. to 6}d. Light, fair to good, 401b. to 451b., Sydney Cid. to Ggd. ; Melbourne, Old. ; September 4, 7d. to 7id. Middling to fair, do., Sydney Gd. to GM., Melbourne Gd. to GJd. ; September 4, 6$. to 7d. Kips, 121b. to 151b., Sydney Gd. to Old., Melbourne Gd. to Cid. : September 4, 5)¡d. to Cid. Australian leather has met with fair com- petition, and all parcels of good tannages brought on the market have been easily cleared at full prices, but no alteration in value can be noted. Tho sales include 14,301 crop sides, light, fair to good, 13d. to 14d. ; heavy do., 1213. tol3^d.; do. common and middling, Hid. to 12M.; extra heavy, Hid. to 13d.; seconds and stained, lid. to 12.|d. per lb. Mimosa Bark.-There is a good demand for the best quality at previous rates, but inferior descriptions are less saleable. The sales comprise about 700 tons, including 130 tons sold for arrival. Adelaide ground, £8 15s.; chopped, £9. Tasmanian ground, £8 10a.; chopped, £7 to £8 7s. Gd. Tlie stock is about 2,700 tons. Horns.-No business has transpired since our last. The stock, about 190,000, will bo offered to-day. Quotations remain unaltered, yiz. ¡-Sydney, av. 14ïoz. 57s. Gd., av. 12}oz. to 13§oz. 44s. to 54s. ; Melbourne, av. 12Joz. to 13joz., 41s. Gd. to 45s., av. llïoz. to 12Joz. 38s. to 39s.; Adelaide, 'av. 12.?oz. 47s.; Bris- bane, av. 14$oz. to IGoz. 563. Gd. to G7s., av. 122oz. to 13ÎOZ, 30s. to 47s. ; New Zealand, av. 12goz. 43s., av 8goz. to 9Joz. 23s. to 28s. per 123. Bones -¡shank, good to fine, £17 10s to £23 15s , oidniary to fair £13 15s to £16 lCs , common gi Hiding bones, £5 to £0, hoofs £9 2s Od to £15 pel ton Petroleum -Ameiican íefined oil has mied steady at 13id to 13y.d on the spot tlnongbout the month oi the last thiee months of the year at Is l^d to 1B 2id per (.allon 1 etioleum spirit has ranged between 9d and lid pei gallon the curient puce being about lOd The fuithci discovery of new wells m Anienca with the mci ease m pioduttion exeicise a depressing influence upon the market In the States large caigocs buy e been sold recently as low as 10 cents though somo liav P commanded 20J cents Si erin oil is slow of sale and transactions have been eflected at £91 to £'»2 Coprah-Good Sydney fetches £17 to £17 10s Hemp -There has been throughout the month a very quiet market for Manilla buyers only purchasing to supply immediate wants Dm mt the early part of August, New Zealand was firmly held for higher prices, and successfully so, for between the 12th and 20th considerable sales wero effected at an advance on the late low rates of 20a. to 60s. per ton. Ordinary to middling qualifie» fetched £21 to £23 10s.; fair, £24 5s. to £2G good, £2G15s. to £27; and superior, £29 per ton. Tow has commanded £9 5s. to £11103 according to quality. During the past week" the market has been weaker, and slightly lower rates are offered. Cotton.-During the past month we have had a fluctuating market, and at the close prices for East India aro id. to Jd. lower tlian tbose ruling on the Gth ult., but American remain unchanged. It is satisfactory to bo able ' to state that the improvement in the demand forlongstaple has continued, and the latest sales show a further rise of about 2d. per lb. About 2C0 bales of Fiji have found buyers low to good stained at 7d. to lOd. per lb.; fair colour, with irregular staple, rather woolly at lid. to 12d. per lb.; and fair to good fair silky staple at 13d. to lGd. per lb.; also no bales kidney seed, loller ginned, at 9¿d per lb , and 140 bales of inferior Queensland at 7§d. per lb Estimated stock of Sea Island &c;, in Liverpool on tho 28th August 9 082 bales, againBt 5,860 bales Arrivals -Alo. íavian, Damascus, and Botanist, from Sjd ney. also the Norna, fiom Melbourne with 401 bales cotton Stock of cotton at Liver pool 750,510 bales, against 801 440 bales list jeai , do at London 201900 do, do 233.249 do Total, 958,419 do , do 1,124,689 do lion-From nearly all quaiters there are reports of a hardening tendency m the trade The íesistance of manufacturéis to the cou turned high pnce of coal having proved well nigh futile, the} are-compelled to lcsume the work of nianufactuie undci the altered con ditions, but insist on advanced charges for then gooda The hope of a lovvcriange of prices at piesent is therefoie illusorj Copper-Considenble activity has pre vailed m this market during the last month, and rates have improved There has beer!, less of fluctuation than usual, and on the announcement of íeduced shipments in July fiom Chili great firmness ensued, and prices further hardened This time laBt month Chili ruled fiom £S015s to £8110s , while Wallaroo and Burra were quoted £90to¿Jl 10s Chili bars now command, accoiding to brand, £84 to £80 10s , and Australian, £9i cash, and £94 10B with r/iompt Tin has been m quiet demand, the pi ice of Straits having vaned but little since my last report-£128 to £130 cash, the lower i ate being generally for arrival The Dutch Tiading Company havo fixed their next public sale foi the 23th inst, when they «ill ofici 30,000 slabs of Banca Messis Kelly and Co state that the imports of Australian tin unduly depress the trade Sales of Aus tiahan ore have taken place at Liverpool, at linces ranging between £3and £77 153 per ton Tin plates aie steady Wheat -Amencan anti Australian sorts have been m special îequest, paiticuhily by French bujers and prices have steadilj nsea since last mail from 02s to 67s for fine Ade laide giam Lxtremely wet weather having set m pnces will not improbably go higher The rising maiket is inducing tho Californian faimeis to push foiwardlaige supplies ENGLISH SIIIPI'ING INTELLIGENCE AltliTV ALS Alircd Havvlej, at Gravesend 21st August, from Adelaide Alex Duthie, at Gravcsead 25th August, from Sj dnej Botanist, at Gravesend 20th August from Svduov Brechin Cistle, from Gravesend 30th August, from Otago Beautiful Star, at Gray csend 3rd September, from Cantcrburj Constantine, at Gravesend 19th August, from Adelaide Citj of Vienna, at Ialinoutli 19th August, from Adelaide Cissj at Gravesend 10th August, from Canterbury Celia, at Deal lfltli August from Port Alfred Crusade!, at Gray csend 10th August, fiom Canter bul j Citj of Bomba}, ut Deal 20th August, from Otajo City of Delhi, at Gravesend 21st August, from Adelaide Cliandlcre, at Deal 2Gtli August, from Port Under wood Clodian, at Deal 20tli August, from Adelaide Cit} of Floi euee, at Gray esend 20th August, from South Austiaha Cotherstone, at Falmouth 1st September, from Ade hide Cam Tual, at Queenstown 4th September, from Adelaide Dilaviui, at Giavcsciui 13th August, from Mel I ouruc Dev ado, at Deal lSth August, from Adelaide Damascus, at Deal 23id August, from Svilne} Ln0lai d s Glory, it ICtli August, from Adelaide Lrato, nt ralniouth 2(Ith August, from Adolaidc Giciit Britain, at Liverpool ¿rd September, from Melbourne Garnock, at Gray esend 19th August, from Adelaide Gallovidian, at Gravesend 2nd September, front Adel tide Glcnlorn, at Deal 4th September, front Wellington Hopeful, ni Deni lSth August, from Launceston Jolrinn Heinrich, at Falmouth 10th August, from Adelaide Inv eran at Gravesend 19th August, from Adela* le Isles of the South, at Gray csend ¿oth August, from Adelaide Khandeisli, at Liverpool 28th August, from Ade Inkle Loch Kutrmo, at Deal 10th August, from Adela! le Leaning Star, at Gravesend _Ut August, fiom Lum cestón Luttera orth, at Gravesend 30th August, from Otago Light of tho Agc, at Deal 1st Scptombei, from Ade laide Lord W arden, at Gravesend 29tlt August, fiom Mci bourne Margoict Galbraith, at Deal 11th August,from Pun odin, N ¿ Moravian, at Gravesend 18th August, from Sydney Moneta, at Deal 18th August from Adel ilde Mali i, nt Duil 20tii August from Adelaide Meridian, at ralmoutli 25th August, from Ade laide Mes Glen, at Falmouth 25th August, from Auck. land liárnosla, at Gravesend 30th August, from Ade laido Ivcvadii, at Gravesend 18th August, from Adelaide Isoina, nt Oiavcscnd 3l)tli August, from Melbourne lyaval Brigade, at Gravesend 1th Soptombcr, from Bl le bane Orient, at Gray csend IStli August, from Adelaide Palmerston, at Gravesend 18th August, from Invar cat-gill Patterdale, at Liverpool 30th August, from Ade laide Queen of the Agc, at Deal 18th August, from P Pirie, S A Stanley Castlo, nt Deal 25th August, from Laun- ceston Talisman, at Falmouth 1st September, from Ade- laide Umgonl, 4th September Wymvud, at Deal 15th August, fiom Ilolnrt Town Wnnvlck, at Gravesend 18th August, from Cm tel bury Vi mifrcd, at Deal IStli August, from Brisbane DEPARTURES Asia, from Deal 0th August, for Port Phillip Albucra, from Deal 25th August, for Adelaide Albert W llltaro, from Deal 4th September, for Wal- laroo Araunah, from Deal 27th August, for Hobart Town Abbey Holme, from London 4th September, for Brisbane Annie, from Llv erpool 27th August, for Brisbane Alexandrina, from London 28th August, for Itock lianiptou Ben Ledi, from Deal 20th August, for Adelaide Collingwood, from Deal 10th August, for Port Phillip Cardigan Castlo, from Deal 10th August, for Canter bury Commissary, from Deal 10th August, for Sy dnoi Chill, fiom Grnvcsend 10th August, for Auckland Christian M'Auslnnd,from Gravesend 22ud Au"us., for Otago Christiana Thompson, from Deal 25th August, for Sydney Caller On, from Deal SOth August, for Otago Duleep Singh, from Deal Oth August for Port Phillip Eurynome, from Liverpool 0th August, for Mci üoiirnc. Essex, from Gravesend 23rd August, for Melbourne. Ellen, from Gravesend 20th August, for Launceston. Gauntlet, from Gravesend 15th August, for Bris- bane. Highflyer, from Gravesend 8th August, for Port Phillip. Helen Denny, from Deal 11th August, for Wel- lington. Harkaway, from Deal 20th August, for Sydney. Helen, from Deal 27th August, for Hobart Town. John Duthie, from Liverpool 22nd August, for Sydney. Jessie, from Clyde 20th AuguEt, for Otago. Iron King, from Gravesend "27th August, for Ade- laide. ,t, Loch Tay, from Clydo dth Soptcnibej, for Mel- bourne. May Queen, from Gravesend 7th August, for Otago. Mohawk, from Liverpool 22nd August, for Sydney. Norwoodbal, from London 28rd August, for Mel- bourne. Monaltrie, from London 4th Soptombor, for Ade- laide. - , , Navvorth, from Liverpool 12th August, for Auck- land . Otago, from Deal 14th August, for Adelaide Paramatta, from Gmvcsoud 30th August, i°r Sydney. . Runnymede, from Graveiicnd 8th August, for liria banc. ,., Strathdon, from Gravesend 10th August, for Mel- bourne. .. Tbcoplianc, from Liverpool 27th August, for 4i°i bcmiie. » , Tliomas Stephens, from Gravcsond 30th August, lor Melbourne. Tweed, from Gravesend 2nd September,forOccioiv W. E. Heard, from Liverpool 16th August, ior Sydney. , tnr W'liarf Annie, from Liverpool 20th August, ior Brisbane. ." Windwird, .rom London 25th August, for'Aucu-»" Zciilandla, f-oin Gravesend 20th August, for OUg". CASUALTIES. Talisman, which arrived in London Ith ."¡I'-«'"!'6. it iky, Jettisoned about 1,000 bags wheat dining li"'* ""scptcmhn 1, telegram from China announced lot»' loss i.f the li J. Rotation, fiom loo-chow, for A" 1llratUrdàlo'nf'roin Aückildo, nrrivml at Liverpool lät : September, had td throw overboard part of hor cargo -wheat aitdllour-for tho safety of tlio vessel. VESSELS LOADING. AT .LONDON. For Holbourne-Sobraon, Canning, Tweed, Angle- sey, Dliarwar, Northumberland, Lincolnshire, Clan raiiaid, City of Delhi, Morposia, Lord Warden, Can- ning, Claurnnald. For S}dnoy.-William Duthie, Agnes Rose, Bessie Morris, Golden Sea, Windsor CuslIo.MoravIan, Moneta, Dartmouth, Damascus, Alex. Duthie, Gleta, Elmi stone. For Adelaide.-City-of Bombay, Arab Steed, Latn lucnnuir, Orient, England's Glory, Garnock. For Brisbane.-Nevada, Queen of tho Bay, Wini- fred, Southern Cross, Alfred Hawley, Ltzzlo Ircdalo, Ocean Hover, Salado. For ltockliampton.-Hopeful. For Swan Uiver.-Hastings. F-^ Canterbury.-Helen Burns, Crusader. I ,, ¡ickland.-Glenhuntly. For'helson.-Harvest Homo. For Otago.-Agnes Muir,. Warrior Queon, Elizabeth Graham, Worwlok, Surat, Luttcrwortli. For Wellington.-Colacno, Duko of Edinburgh, Wavo Queen, Cissy. For Hobart Town_Nantllus, Wyimtcl. For Launceston.-Fugitive. AT Livunrooi,. For Melbourne.-Lako Leman. For Adelaide.-Mountain Laurel. For Brisbane-Anno Cheshyre. , For Maryborough.-Queensland, Maria, Ysasi. For King George's Sound.-Highlander. "- VESSELS SPOKEN WITH. Queen Bec, London to Wallington, August (I, ort Cthont. Tliomas Bell, London to Melbourne, August 2, 45dcg. N., lOdeg." Vf. Coonatto, London to Adelaide, July 13, Sdeg. S., SSdcg. W. Highflyer, London to Port Phillip, August 14,48dcg. K., 47deg.W. Loth Lomond, Glasgow to Melbourne, July 17, Ddeg. N., 20dcg. W. Kcrana, London.to Adelaide, July 10, 2deg. N., EOdcg. W. Broughton, New Zealand to North Coast, Franco, June 27,30deg. S., 27decf. W. Punjab, Loudon to- Canterbury, July 8, 7deg. S., Sälcg. W. Benmore, London to Sydney, July 2, 21dcg. S., 32deg. W. Juliet, Liverpool to Melbourne, July 20, lldcg. N., 2f deg. IV. Loch Lomond, Clyde to Melbourne, July 17, Odcg, JN'" £7dcg. W. Elizabeth Ronnebcrg, Adelaido to London, August 4, «dog. N., 3ßdcg. W. Otago, Glasgow* to Otago, August 8, lOdcg. N., 25dcg. Vi. Pal; Won, London to Melbourne, August 6, lldcg. N" 2fldcg. W. Dover Castle, London to Otago, July 20, Sdeg. N., 25dcg. W. W'asdalc, Llvorpool to Melbourne, July 13, 2deg. N.. 20dcg. W. Daniel, Adelaide to London, July 28, 14dcg. N., 25deg. IV. llebayton, -London to Otago, July 25, 3dcg. N., 25dcg. W. - Ilanco, Liverpool to Melbourne, July 10, 6dcg. N., SMcg. W. Tasman, Clyde to Hobart Town, August 8, Odog. N., 32deg.W. Zoroaster, London to Melbourne, July 7, lldeg. N., ESdeg. W. South Australian, for Adelaide, August 0,13dcg. N. Border Chief, London to Syduoy, August 10, 13deg, N., 20dcg. W. Allriuiä, London to Adelaide, August 10, 13dog. N., on-w \v THE GREAT TICHBORNE TRIAL. (rnosr ouït SPECIAL coniiEsroNDEKT.) LONDON, SEPT. 5. Everything in this world rrjust have an end, and the great Tichborne trial, which has been going on since the 23rd of April last, begins to show signs of having at least passed tbo middle term of existence. When I last wrote the defendant's counsel had been on his legs addressing the jury (bating Satuidays and Sundays, when judges, jury, and bar are granted a respite) for moro than a fortnight. The judges gave hints, the jury implored for mercy, but still the inde fat'igable orator went on. At 10 precisely every morning, like a timepiece wound up for the day, the oiatorical machine was regu- larly set in motion, and not until the hands of the clock had reached the appointed hour of rising, was there any hope for mercy. At last a tenible rumour went forth that the learned doctor had taken a vow to devote the remainder of his existence to tho cause of his client Sir Boger Tichborne, otherwise Thomas Castro, othi rwise Arthur Orton, and to save bim from all chance of conviction by simply going on spîaking to the end of his days. Nor was the idea so wild and impos- sible as might be fcnpposed. There is no English lawyer living who could tell you off- hand what could be done if the counsel for the accused Bbould choose to go on talking ad infinitum. To be sure, if his talk were wholly irrelevant, he would be checked by the Bench ; but who is to say what is wholly irrelevant? Further, only the clumsiest hand would, in a case like the Tichborne case, choose to speak of what is irrelevant, for matter that is strictly relevant absolutely lies in mountains of documents on the table, and tbeie is not one of the ten thousand points in this inquiry which might not afford reasonable ground for half a day's discussion. Any way, there is, I believe, no single in- stance in our books of any judge-at least in modem times-peremptorily desiring a counsel speaking on behalf of a client charged with a serious offence, to bring his discourse to a close. Bealing in mind these things, there was something terribly ominous in counsel's mode of treating his subject, ne absolutely spent a whole fortnight in trying to make out, from letters and other documents in evidence, that Roger Tichborne, instead of being the excellent young man which the prosecution have represented him, was a drunkard, a liar, a hutt, an nndutiful son, an ungrateful friend, and an abandoned libertine. Nearly a week was then, spent in endeavouring to prove that the present defendant-who, on the the theory of the defence, is of course the same peison-is a man of vicious habits, who absolutely utters untruths till ho does not know truth from falsehood ; and moro than that, that he is not the deep and crafty person which the Attorney-General, after some experience pronounced him, but an "idiot," a "donkey," a "fool," a "person with a diseased brain," and so forth. Still the learned gentleman did not approach the gieat puiposo of a speech for tho defence -that of setting before the july a sketch of 4c evidence which he is about to produce, and wliich in this case is publicly stated to 'he lepresented by over 200 witnesses. When four weeks had passed and still the orator was scarcely on the threshold of his case, a deep despondency set in, interrupted only by occasional cries of anguish from the jury box. If the mero text occupy more than four weeks, what may tho sermon be ex- pected to bo Î At last wo had just a glimpse of forthcoming evidenco. There was a certain Captain Brown, we wero told, coming to tell us that he made acquaintance with Roger Tichborne just beforo ho embarked in the Bella at Rio in April, 1851 ; that he slept m the same room with bim, and one morning saw bim take a bath, and, marvellous to relate, Brown's eyes lighted on the young gentleman's body, and then and there disco veied a "brown mark" on the side exactly uko that which the defendant has, and w-hich the Dowager Lady Tichborne, the mother of Roger, had never heard of. Moie than that, Captain Brown was coming to Bivear that he saw Roger rolling about drunk day after day in Rio ; though Captain Oates, of the unfortunate Northlleet, has told us that ho was perfectly sober, and withal "So well behaved, that the captain of the Bella, j xo ivuom no was a stranger, hacl no nesitatton in giving tho young gentleman, who had ex- hausted his letters of credit, a passage to New York on a mero promise of payment. Finally-most valuable of all discoveries the learned orator, with great solemnity, informed the Court that he had succeeded ni finding-what has been sought for in vain for eight years past-a veritable seaman of the Osprey-mind, not one of tlio eight alleged survivors of the Bella, but a seaman of the phui pi ship which picked them up some wlieie ,r the coast of Brazil, in April, 1831, and cnilied them straight to Melbourne in .July, without stopping or speaking a vessel upon the way. "This," Baid Dr. Kenealy, is "my Malakoff attack;" for there could he no doubt about the matter. Tho claimant has accounted for knowing so littlo about tins three months' voyage by tho fact that when he was picked up with the eight others he wns delirious, and that he did not get rnuch better till he found himself one day in -Hobson's Hay. This the seaman of tho Osprey distinctly remembers. LTo could depose that the young gentleman was in "a .rightful condition," raving and rambling all tlie voyage, and requiring such constant cure that this seafaring Samaritan sat up and nuised him, and so preserved him till bo got ashore, and was able to take service with Mr. Foster, of Boisdale. On this delirium question the poor claimant has been rather unmercifully joked, and the sceptical have taunted him with becoming delirious just at the very moment when, with a prophetic eye to his cross-examination in the Court of Common Pleas, he ought to havo kept his senses about bim so as to have something to remember about this important episode in his story. But the seaman of the Osprey was coming to silence these scoffers, and to tell us on oath that not only was the young gentleman in a state of delirium, but every one of his eight companions was semi-deli- rious-or, in nautical language, half-seas over ; and hence, perhaps, if one of these should ever turn up, his memory, too, will bo a perfect blank, and the result will be grief and disappointment.- Great sensation was created by this announcement, and one or two admirers-of the claimant were heard to applaud, until the usher's deep tones pro- claimed, "Silence in the court! A day or two later we heard that Mr. Whalley, înein hcr of Parliament, whose fanatical adherence to the claimant's cause is so notorious, had actually set sail for New Bedford, United States, in search of certain in- formation which the sailor of tho Osprey had declared to be there. But after that adventurous gentleman had been gone for some days there came a strange whisper in court that all was not well with the seaman of the Osprey, ne had, in fact, partaken largely ot tue uounty oí tue claimant a HUP poiters, and had been greatly petted and much approved, but one morning he had left bis hotel, and since then ho has been miss- ing. Worse than that, the claimant's attor- ney, who has hitherto served him well and faithfully, fell to quarrelling with His own client, and with Dr. Kenealy himself, all about this sailor of the Osprey matter, and finally the attorney not only "washed his hands of rho case," but wrote a letter to the Lord Chief Justice complaining that tho doctor would fire this "Malakoff shot," and promise the jury a real bona fide seaman of the Osprey, after the attorney had dis- tinctly warned him that this mendacious Beaman had been discovered to bo a rogue and a Vagabond, and utterly unworthy of the serious attention of any jury ; so that we are to havo no seaman of the Osprey after all. Whether it was owing to this little un- toward accident or not I do not know, but Di Kenealy, who had laid out his speech on a scale which seemed endless, suddonly huddled up the whole affair, and with a glance at the Oiton subject, went off to the question of handwriting, and finally sat dow n, just fiv e w ecks all but three day s from the morning when he first stood up to unfold the case for the defence Not a woidhad he said about pioducing the sisters of Arthur Oiton, to whom the claimant undei piessuie, and awaie of the fact that the whole matter had been found out by detectives, admitted that he had been secietly allowing money, as well as to their brother Charles Orton These women have been in court, and tbeie is no question that their evidence would be in- teresting to the public, while, if the claimant is notAithur Orton, the butcher, it would be to lum worth that of manya score of such Wapping witnesses as the jury have been compelled to hear; but they have had no subpana, and it is now generally believed that they will not be called Still, the Orton question is the great question m the public mind Is the Wagga Wagga slaughterman identical with the butcher lad who went to sea from Wapping in the Middleton, m chargo of Shetland ponies, and landed at Hobart Town m the spring of 1853' Or, if not, where is the shadowy form which has haunted this case so long? And why is the mysterious Oiton still deaf to the fact that for seven long yeaTS he has been wanted, and that £25,000 a year and an ancient haronetcy are in danger from his absence' When the memorable 27 days' cross exami- nation by Sn John Coleridge came to its close, Sir John asked the claim- ant the lost great question, "Have you found Arthur Orton yet ' ' And the answei was still, "No" Dr Kenealy closed his speech w ith an allusion to the same impor- tant query Dioppmg from the fimous out bursts of Ins denunciation of the prosecution, and all who had been concerned in it, the orator, m solemn and measured accents and amidst bicathlesB silence m court, said " I shall no doubt be asked why I do not produce Aithur Orton' Gentlemen, I am unfor- tunately not able to produce bim I hav e not asked-I havo nevei felt it to be any business of mine, either by myself or by tho attorney who instructs me, to ask the defen- dant, 'Wheieis Aithur Orton'' or whether Arthur Orton is ahv e 01 dead There may have been something which happened in foimer years that prevents the appeaiance of Aithur Orton in this court I do not know I say again, I have not inquired, I have not felt ni} self bound 01 at hbeity to in- quire, where Arthur .s, therefore I can give ¡ } ou no information whatev er Circumstances may have occurred, UB you can well under- stand, which may have induced the de fendant to think that Artliui Orton's family had a claim upon bim, or, at all events that there were good reasons why be should help them What those circumstances aro is a question upon winch I can only speculate like youi-selves I would not venture to allude to tins at all, but from my profound conviction that before this week comes to an end, I shall be able to satisfy not only every man m that box, but every man in this country w ho has followed the course of this trial, that my client is not Arthur Orton " Although the theory involved in tins allusion to the Orton question is hero but darkly sha dow ed out, every ono in court understood it very well In fact, the claimant evei since the great exposure in the civil trial of his secret transactions with the Ortons of Ins going down to Wappmg to make in quines about the familv and their fuends and neighbours on the very Christmas night of Ino first ariival hero , of his stealthily allowing every membei money, of his ap pointing in his will at Wagga Wagga as guardians of his children persons in England who aro admitted to be intimate friends of the Ortons , and of his being confounded with Oiton at so many places in Australia the claimant has started a theory of his own, which has been whispeied about until eveiy body has heard it The fact is, according to tins account, that Arthur Orton was at once tbo bosom fnend and ciony of the claimant and a man of a violent and lawless charoo toi, a danng horse stealer, and a dcspciate bushranger With him the claimant was for some time mixed up in proceedings m Vic- toria and New South Wales, which not only will not bear the light of day, but would be destructive to the claimant if they w ere only div ulged Thus the claimant is unable to induce Orton to como forward for if he did his old crimes would be raked up against bim Sufficient motive this for Ol ton's still hiding in one 01 other of the Austiahan colonies On the otl el hand, the claimant, partly out of old "palslup," partly out of fcai of Orton turning Queens evi dence, has been all along veiy anxious to befriend that family, whose tiansactious with himself havo got him into so mu h trouble So when Mrs Macalister, widow of William Toster, of Boisdale, comes and sa} s that the claimant ceitamly was m her late husband s sen ice, but neither at the eve ct penod nor under the name of Castro, but simply under that of Arthur Orton, the claimant s friends say that tins is all mistake and confusion Tías not the claimant himself said that Artliui Orton was also in Tostel s sei vice, and that he first made his acquaint- ance in Gipps Land m 1855' True, Mis Macalister remembers no Castro, and, what is more impoitant, produces bei husband's ledgeis with plenty of entries to the name of Aithur Orton at the veiy penod refened to, but not a mention of any Castro, but that is but one of the nume rous accidents which have unaccountably concurred to confound tho two men So, again, in Wagga Wagga, when tho claimant makes a will, and m the midst of all fictitious descriptions of persons and pio perty appoints executors and guardians Henry Angelí of Dorset and John Jarvis of Budpoit 1 ngland this certainly does lookhko Orton for these two persons havo been into court and told how they knew the old butcher of 'N apping intimately and how Mostei Arthui when sulTeimg from the St 'S itus s dance came to Bridport w ith Ins mothei on a visit But here again is the claimant the victim of cucumstances foi once more accoidmg to Ins explanation when examined on these coincidences Aithur Orton happened tu be in the same employ That is both weie in losters employment in Gipjs Land in 18J5 and aftei miny uis and downs both again m 180J m tlio soi vice of Mr Higgins of the Austi-ihin Hotel A\ agga \\\ agga Hence it hapi ene 1 that his friend Aithm was at 1 is elbow when ho mide tile will and suggested Homy Angelí and lohn Tams Inte theio is no scinp of evidence that Oiton was in Higgins s sei vice oi at tlio claimant s elbow at that time but on tho contiary Mr Gibbes has denied it and de sail el the diawmg of tho will it a little table and nil at oi e si tin" with nei bei Orton nor any otl er huma i b»ing at his elbow 1 ven the defendant a counsel liai theieforo ¡,iv en up tins story as absuid and lidiuilous and lie lias also entreated the juiy to îcgaid it as moonshue but i now contended that if Orton waB not exactly inr üigßins's service, nor quite at the claim- ant's elbow, like Mephistopheles with Faust, he occasionally carno through Wagga Wagga, going with droves of cattle from some place unknown to some other locality equally shadowy. True, there remains the sin- gular fact that some score of people in Melipilla, in South America, whom tlio « claimant, since his arrival here, has been discovered to have watten to and acknow- ledged as " esteemed friends" and acquaint- ances, also remember no Tichborne, but well recollect Arthur Orton, the sailor, who sojourned in their town. One of these, as your readers know, is the vory Tomas Castro, whose name the claimant assumed in Aus- tralia : but all of those were agreed on this -;..?. -.1 n."i. *.n"" n.i_, "."o ;., -.-.«t neighbourhood and in fact absconded from his ship at Valparaiso, at the very period these friends and acquaintances depose to. Odder still, all this occurred in 1849-51 ; in fact, many a year before, wondrous to relate, the claimant first made the acquaintance of Orton thousands of miles away in tho colony of Victoria. All this is unaccounted for, noi- l's there any attempt to account for it, but still the claimant's theory of perpetual con- fusion between himself and Orton flourishes among tho thousands who still greet him with hurricanes of cheers as ho leaves the court in his carriage at the hour of i p.m. It is needless to say that under these cir- cumstances the witnesses who speak of Orton, and above all tho Australian witnesses, are regarded with most interest here. Wo have had this week a number of IIamp3hirc folks all swearing to the colour of the eyes, the shade of tho hair, tho twitching of the eyelids, the shape of the eye-brows, the cut of the back, the complexion of the skin, the style of the walk, and no end of other alleged peculiarities of young Roger Tich- borne, whom they happened to seo once or twice, or sometimes moro often, when on visits to " his uncle, from 20 to 30 years ago. Every one of these is as confident that the defendant is the same man as the Hampshire witnesses of theCrovvn woie sure that he is not. Then we have had a good many poor folks from Wapping, who have given marvellously minuto recollections of the rjhysical and moral characteristics of Arthur Orton, though most of them ad- mitted that they had never set eyes on bim since he first went away to sea-being then a lad of 14, The great bone of contention between the Crown witnesses and those for the defence is, whether Orton wore earrings, and also whether his feet" and hands were large or small. The claimant's ears cer- tainly show no signs of having been pierced ; and it is pretty evident that his bands aro not, or at least do not appear to be large for a man who has followed a manual occupa- tion. There is also the question whether ho had high check bones; but this matters little. Every one, however, of the wit- nesses for tlie defence, positively swears in his own fashion to all these charac- teristics until we havo been weary of healing of the butcher boy's gold wiro rings, and his " enormous'ands and splay font " liVirtiinntnlv hnvvnvpr t.lipv n.pri»G with the prosecution Wappingites in some points of their description. For example, they all say he was a very big boy and in- clined to be bigger ; and on both sides we have heard that oven at that time he was known as "Bullocky Orton." Then there is the butcher boy's voice, which is remembered on both sides as a "deep, rough, or husky voice." The queerest part of this matter is that when the defendant's witnesses from Wapping are asked whether the defendant's voice is not "deep, rough, or husky," they all positively swear that, on the contrary, it is Eoft and clear ; while, on the other hand, when the Bavne question is asked of the Crown witnesses they all swear, to a man and to a woman, that the defendant's voice is deep and husky, and, in fact, so Uko the butcher's voice that by that alono they could identify bim. The nature of a voice, it is true, is a matter of opinión ; but this only makes the voice question odder still. In fact, if there is anything on which it might have been expected that we should be agreed, it is on the character of those tones which, on every platform in this kingdom, have been heard so often. We who sit in court eveiy day, and all day, ought to have by this time a pretty definite idea of them. Again and again have we seen this gigantic criminal on his legs, and heard him addressing the court on some grievance or other ; nor is that all, for all the day long we hear bim making obseivations by way of reminder to his counsel, or commenting on the evidence of witnesses who do not please. I can only say that I have not heen able to find a soul who has been in court who would deny that his voice is essentially deep, gruff, and husky. I suppose there will be readers in Melbourne or Sydney, or Wagga Wagga perhaps in Boisdale and Deniliquin-who have some memory on this point ; and if so, 1 would coiiliuently appeal to mein vvnemer the description of the butcher boy s voice as husky affords any just ground for doubting that Thomas Castro and Aithur Orton aro one and the same As to St Vitus's dante, 01 a nervous affection of a very îemarkable charactei, there is also luckily no room foi dispute, for everybody agrees that the butchei boy was afflicted m that way, although he got better after he had been to sea lins is impoitant, at least as coming fiom the claimants witnesses, because there is abundant evidence that the claimant in Austiaha, and also on the voyage home-m fact, at a period when he had no îeason to imagino that his old caieer and name would be íaked up against him-toldpeoplo that be suffered when a child from that malady All that remains of this now is that celebrated twitching of the eyebrows which we have all seen and heard of so often, and, in fact, there is noyv no escape from this unless the Hampshire witnesses can peisuade the juiy, as thoy have been trying todo that Rogei also had a íemaikable twitch, though not one of Ins íelatives and friends can remember it I must not, however, forget to mention that one of the claimants Warping witnesses gav e very curious ev idonce on the subject of a birth mark on Arthur Orton's side This was a poor little old woman, who had been a servant of old Geoigo Orton, the father, years and ycais ago, how long sho could not say , but when she told the couit that the defendant-who she was certain was the same peison-was at that time a little child, with fan bair and blue eyes, who used to be washed by his nurse, human patienco could stand it no longer, and the judges com plained of such trumpery evidence And yet the poor old dame proved by no means unin- teresting oi unimportant, for when the coun sel foi the prosecution asked her if the muse had evei mentioned "anybuth mailes ' on the child, she blurted out ot once, and much to the claimants disgust, the fact that she per- fectly well lemembered that he had "a fruit mnrk on his side " When it is home m mind that the claimant writing to the ciazy" old dowagci fiom Wagga Wagga, mentioned among the tokens of his identity, which Mi Gibbs had suggested to lum to notice, " the blown mark on my side," and that the dow nger, cia**y as she WSB, instantly replied, ' My son Rogei ney or had a mark on his side, at least I never saw it'-the value of this piece of testimony, coming from the defendants witness, is at once appaiont That the claimant, in fact, has a laige con genital mark on the left side, has been esta bushed recently by a medical examination To bo sure Captain Brown of whom I hav o already spoken is coming to swear that ho saw on Roger Tichborne when at Rio a veiy lal go mark but then ho declined to say exact!} whero it was but at tho meeting at the public house m Wappmç at winch tho gallant captain mado this disclosure ho declaied that if the claimant would only strip then and there ho would undertake to point it out But it is aftei all on his Australian wit nesses that the claimant relies for salvation It is all v ery w eil to bring a hundred Hamp shue peasants to sweat that Rogei Tich borne was wandering about in bypaths and ni}stenous places with the coutm whom the claimant swears he seduced and to induce these folks to declaie positively that tlnswasat a penod when Rogei s own lettois no less than Miss Doughty now Lady Rad chile s oath show that ho was not and could not have been neal the place The public mind will come back to that sti ango Oiton story m Australia with all its dalk and un explained allusions to highway lolnViy ml Morgan the bushran0ci I bo claimant vv eil knows that this la}s hold of the popular lmiifcination moio than all those eompaiativel} taino details of Rogéis life in the Caía bineeis and his shootinc, and fishing ox-j edi tions lound about his uncle s seat m Hamp shue Theic Btand the two figuies-loin Castioand Artliui Oiton The one substantial if Lvei there was anything substantial m this woul lho other palo misty now heic now theie at one tuno suddenly api ealing at nnothei vanishing again into tho darkness which on all sides hangs about the claim ants stoiy of his adventuies at the anti podes lío perfectly well knows H at if ho is to maintain hispopulant} vv ith the foil s who take the boises fiom his carnage in r-ountr} tov and shout ,n great halls and on platfoi intil their tluoats w ill no long« serve them without moie beer, he must try to disconnect himself once and for all with this shadow- which still haunts him so inconveniently. It is curious that, although the Orton question was very largely introduced into the old trial, no Australian witnesses were called except one or two who told a vague story about confusion in the poit of Melbourne in July, 1854, and seeing a number of shipwrecked persons landed there whose names were not mentioned. This, however, was not for want of seeking. It is in evidence that a man named Cater, who was a baker at Wagga Wagga, and who knew the claimant when he was butchering for Higgins in that town, was to have been a very important witness in the civil trial on this very point of the separate and distinct nature of Arthur Orton and the present de- fendant. It happened that this man left Australia for England just beforo the claim- ant, and when he was leaving the latter put into his hands a sealed letter bearing the words " to be open when at sea." This letter has heen forthcoming, and it appears that its contents were verbatim el literatim as follows :-" Wagga Wogga, April 2nd, 18C0. -Mr. Cater,-At any timo wen you are in England you should feel enclined for a month pleasure Go to Tichborne, in Hampshire, En- quire for Sir Roger Charles Tichborne, Tich borne-ball, Tichborne, And you will find One that will make you a welcome Guest. But nn iin noroimt Mpnuion the Name of Castro or Alude to nie being a Married Man. or that I havo being has a Butcher. You will under- stand me, I have no doubt. Yours truely, Thomas Castro. I Sail by the June Mail." In England, Cater renewed acquaintance with the claimant, and it is admitted that he received from bim a sum of £150, which ho invested and lost in settin<; up a shop hero. Eventually this man made an affidavit in which he said-" I lived in Wagga Wauga in 16C5 and 1EGC, and during that time I car- ried on business as a baker there, and was acquainted with the plaintiff, who was passing by the name of Castro. I sei ved him daily with bread for 12 months. Ho was carrying on business for Robert ïïiggins as a butcher, and at the same time there was another man named Arthur Orton, whom I knew, and whose face was pitted with the smallpox. Since I have arrived in England I have had several conversations with tlie plaintiff, and I havo no doubt that be ia a distinct person from Arthur Orton." This was, itwillbeseen, a witness of great importance if his testi- mony could he believed j but somehow, thoujh nursed and fondled so carefully, Caterdid not make his appearance on that trial, and it finally turned out that he had gone back to Australia after writing a letter to the claim- ant's attorneys to the effect that ho was not sure after all that he had known any Arthur Orton, and that the manhehadsivorn to under that name was really only known to him as AithurElfield, though the claimant had induced him to believe that -he was Orton, and that the name of Elfield was assumed. When so much trouble as this could be taken to get a witness to say that he knew Arthur Orton and Thomas Castro both at the samo time, and with so little result after five years' preparation, it might have been supposed that it was now hopeless to attempt to pro- cure evidence of this kind. But it is not so, for during the past fortnight we have bad at least a dozen Australian witnesses", a consi- derable proportion of whom have positively sworn that they know both Orton and Castro ; that they wero very different men, and that the defendant is ¿ho Castro, but certainly not the Orton whoso acquaintance they had made. Chief amongthece is John Dyke, a publican in Birmingham, who wa3 Eomo timo ago a bankrupt grocer, and who, as he told the Court, did not know what dividend his estate had paid. Like nearly every other publican in the United Kingdom, John Dyke is an enthusiastic supporter of the claimant. Meetings havo been held in his house, on the claimant's behalf; subscriptions are there taken for his defence, and a portrait of " Sir Roger Charles Doughty Tichborne, baronet," in a bran new suit of clothes, and with a frilled and embroidered shirt, figures in the window of his hostelry. BesideB this, Dyke has mado speeches in town-halls, and posi- tively declared that tho claimant is, to his knowledge, no other than Sir Roger, though thiscould only be a rhetorical tlourish, because he does not pretend in the witness-box to have ever known tho defendant in the past except as Tom Castro. What Mr. Dyke has to say is that in the years 18G1-5 ho rented the billiardroom in Hisgins's hotel in Wagga Wagga, and thero of courso knew Tom Castro. The great point in his testi- mony, however, is that he positively affirms that beforo that time he knew a stockman named Arthur Orton, at Forbes, on the Lachlan, which Arthur Orton visited Wagga Wagga three times at the period referred to. Moro than that, on the last of thoso occa- sions, namely-at the time of tho Champion Races in Novembor, 18CÍ, 'ho again and again saw Orton and Castro together. ' On these points cross- examination failed to shako Mr. Dyke ; but unfortunately there is a letter extant from tho claimant to a Mr. Richardson at Wapping, dated " Wagga Wagga, 13 April, 18G5,'f asking for information about the Orton family, and the claimant, in cross-examination on this letter, swoie that he had then not seen Orton since 1802. It is true he has said that Orton was in Higgins's employ, but that, ho said, was in 18G0, after he himself had left it, whereas Dyke left Australia (Wagga) for England in November, 18G5, as he himself has told us, and even then the mysterious Orton, as the claimant has declared, was passing under the name of "Alfred Smith." But tho mont suspicious of these Australian witnesses was a man named Janes, who described his peregrina- tions in Australia and his rides and conver- sations with Arthur Orton and Tom Castro, meaning, as be said, "this defendant 'ero." Janes is a littlo man, with a dirty, unshaven face and small twinkling eyes, lie said that his first appearance in the colonies was at Swan River, which sounded rather sugges- tive, but Janes solemnly assured the com S that be had never been in trouble in his life. This, however, must, on his ovni showing, have been moro from luck than anything eke, for his common associates, according to him, were " a lot o' people they call bushrangers," while he himself, besides butchering a Uttto, carried on the forbidden profession of a "sly grog seller." Janes swore very minutely to scenes in which he had been engaged, and to long conversations with Arthur Orton and Castro at Castlemaine, Fryor's Creek, Lod- don River, and other places in the latter end of the year 1854, and again in 1855,1850, and 1857\. On these occasions Orton and Castro, he said, were both bushranging ; and I verily believe that Janes, if ho had been asked, would have described tho whole gang as attired in buff boots and belts full ofpistols, in true melodramatic fashion. Unfortu- nately, however, neither his' dates nor places, nor the order of his events, could be made to square with the de- fendant's own account of his peregrina- tions, or with facts established by docu- mentary evidence, and admitted on both sides. Accordingly, three days afterwards Janes came again, and said he bad mado mistakes, and that he had not Been Orton and Castro in 185-1,1855,1850, or 1857, at the various places described, but only in 1853, at certain of the places ; and counsel extracted from him the fact that after his last appear- ance he had boen drinking at a public-house in company with John Dyke, though he would not admit that the latter had told bim that he " had mado a fool of himself," or that ho liad been uttering "a parcel of Another Australian witness, John ^Vool nougb, gave his evidence like an educated and a thoughtful man, but he threw little light upon the matter. All he had to say waB that ho was at a place called Reedy Creek, near Deniliquin, at the end of 1808, and that ho then know o butcher, M 'Manus, in whose shop he now and then saw a man named Arthur Orton. Tho fact of Orton's service with M'Manus is admitted ; but the claimant has denied that he was over in tho same employ, though ho know Orton about the same period. The only question, there- fore, was, whether tho defendant seemed to the witness to be tho Eame man. Woolnough said he did not; although he thousht" there was a resemblance about tho mouth. He admitted, however, that Orton, when ho knew him, wore "hair all over his face," whereas the cloimont vvears only a little whisker at the side of the faco and under the throat. Then carne William Haydon. Ho told us that he landed in Melbourne in the latter part of 1851, and got an engagement as drover and stockkeeper at Collingwood Flat, where he found Arthur Orton butchering for Messrs. Graham and Weare. In 1859 ho was at Omeo, and there made the acquaintance of Thomas Castro. Did not know what ho was doing, nor did ho speak ; but the witness's "mates" told bim ho had been in the employment of Mr. Foster iii GippB Land. In 1800 Mr, Haydon yvas for a couplo of days in Tumberumba getting his horse shod. Later in the same year ho saw* Castro again at Tumut, ne did not pre- tend to have made acquaintance with bim at these diggings, but ho Baw enough to seo that be was a very different person from Arthur Orton ; and he swore positively that tho defendant is the Castro he used to see, and that there is not tho loaat resetn bianco. It is obvious that the only thing of any importanco in all this is tho statement that he saw Orton in the neighbourhood of Melbourne in 1851. But if there is anything proved and even admitted in this case it ia that Arthur Orton landed from tho Middleton at Hobart Town in 1853, sot up a stall in the New Market as a butcher there, and there remained till ho went in 1855 into the ser- vice of Mr. Johnson, of Mcwburn-park, in Gipps Land. This morning wo had a witness who said bo landed in Melbourne near tho end of 1854 ; that there was a tremondous gold fever raging there, and that landing with 403 moro passengers ho found it very difficult to got a bed on tbe first night. The object of this piece of evidenco is to support tho 1864, there was such confusion in the port of Melbourne that we ought not to be surprised that there is no record at the Custom-house, or in the books of Lloyd's, and no montion in the columns of The Argus, of the landing of a young heir to great estates with eight others. Bolo survivors of a full-rigged ship. How far it tends to support that extraor- dinary proposition your readers can judge. Then there carno a Mr. William Phillips, a very respectable hotelkeeper at Truro, in Cornwall, who had a curious story to tell about having known Arthur Orton at Black Creek, near Bendigo, about 1857 or 1858, and having lost a horse. It appeared that at the very time whenMr.Phillipsshorsedisappearod Arthur Orton disappeared, and hence he not unnaturally associated these two events, so that when shortly afterwards at Castlemaine he met the man ho had known as Orton entering a sale-yard there, he gave bim into the custody of the police. The man he know as Orton then gavo tho name of Scott, and in that name was charged at the Castíemaino Police Court, Mr. Phillips being the prose- cutor. The result, however, was that Orton, alias Scott, declared that ho had bought tho horse, and as Mr, Phillips was not able to dis Îirovo this he was discharged. This Mr. Phil- ips declared must have been in 1858. Now, it is a curious fact that when the claimant was under examination he volunteered the information that in 1850 he and his friend Arthur Orton wero charged conjointly with stealing a horse at the Castlemaine Police Court ; and he added that he and his fellow prisoner proved the horse their own, and were acquitted. Everybody at the time sus- pected that this was a mere invention, hav- ing for its object to show that Orton and Castro were not one, but two persons. Still it was thought sufficiently important to send out junior counsel on both sides, during the old trial, to make inquiries. Theso were Mr. Purcell and Mr. Jeune, whose'visit to your colony in 1871 will no doubt be remem- bered ; but though these gentlemen searched all the records at Castlemaine Police Court, and brought away attested copies oí rue enure cnarge-sneec ior a long penou, embracing the time referred to, not a mention of Orton or Castro could bo found. Mr. Phillips's story, however, loóles marvellously like the true story which suggested the claimant's statements, and I believe the fact that one Scott was charged by one Phillips at that time is there duly recorded. Mr. Phillips, however, declares that ho cannot recognise the defendant, and he is a good witness for the defence, because he was originally subpoenaed by the Crown; but, on taking a second look at tho claimant, he declared he could not recognise him. He admitted, however, that when an Aus- tralian portrait of Tom Castro was shown to him by the Crown solicitors beforo be carno to town, ho declared that "that was something like the man who had stolen his horse." But perhaps the most striking of the Australian, or pseudo-Aus- tralian, witnesses,-was Albert Edward Pavis, a horsey-looking man, with" abort hair, and eyebrows so light that you could hardly dis- tinguish them, who looked every way but in tho direction of the counsel or the judge who was examining him, and yet gave his evi-1 denco with marvellous assurance. This man said he sailed in the Will Watt, and arrived in Melbourne about the beginning of 1853. He got an appointment in the Post-office as temporary clerk, and then becamo stock keeper to Mr.Moonoy.onthoMurray-Morocco Station. After that he travelled "for Richard Sweeney, of Ballarat, and for Messrs. Baker and Anstey, of the same town. His next employers wore Mr. Glass, of Melbourne; and Mr. M'Evoy, of the Murrumbidgee, to whom ho was stockkceper. In fact, Mr. Pavis described his peregrinations very minutely. Then he told us that at Deniliquin, in 1858, ho saw a large-boned man driving a team of bullocks. Asked who he was, and heard that his name was Arthur Orton. Further, he told us how he saw this person, about whom wo are all so curious, near Mount Alexander, in 1857, and at ouier pinces ; anu, again ne tom us now be formed the acquaintance of the defendant, under the namo of Thomas Castro, at Wagga Wagga, in the year 1859, Pavey's dates were a little mysterious, not to say wholly ir îeconcilable; and though ho told us that Orton was butchering when he knew bim so intimately at Wagga Wagga, and that he himself once left with him a lame sheep, nobody could understand how Castro could be in Wogga in 1859. Any way the defendant has sworn be did not go there till 1803, and this is confirmed in numeious ways. Stronger reason for being dissatisfied with Mr. Pavis was found when he was compelled to admit that he bad fur nished theattoinoyswithafalseaddress, and although he had described himself as an agent for travelling with live stock, and actually swore that he was going from Eng- land to Australia for a gentleman in charge of cattle of all things in the world, ho was compelled to admit that ho was in fact simply what is called a "racing tout," and living at that great centre of turf intelligence tho town of Newmarket. Beins thus exposed, and publicly told that lie would not bo allowed his expenses, Mr. Pavis Blank out of court. This after- noon the last witness called was old Bogle the ' coachman, who is still in existence, though rather infirm, but as his examination will occupy a long time it was deferred until Monday next. To-day was the 89th day of tho trial. The names of 100 moro witnesses aie known, and some romancer in a daily paper lins declared that there aro 700 moro to come. Any way, if wo get to a verdict this sido of Christmas, it will, I believe, agree- ably surprise most parties concerned. THE VIENNA EXHIBITION. Mr. G. Phillips Bevan, writing from Ger- many, says--"Mr. Mollettwrites mo this morning (Außust 27) that Victoria has the diploma of honour, 6 medals of pi 031 ess, 20 merit, 20 honourable mention; total, 47. New Zealand-2 medals of piogiess, 14 merit, 32 honourable mention ; total, 48. Queensland-3 medals of progress, 13 merit, 15 honourable mention ; total, 31." The following ore the Victorian awards, as published by the commissioners. They contain eeveinl inaccuracies, and Mr, Lovoy is in couespondenco with the commissioners at Vienna With a view to their lectifica tion. Acclimatisation Soclct} of Victoria-Diploma of honour for tho production of v\ lues. Group 4 Mining Department, Molbourno-Morit Group 1. Costerfield Gold and Antimony Company, B2 KIt¿a both-strect, Melbourne-Merit, forr-ntlmonj. Group 1, Ldvintd Buckle}, Now bridgo-Merit, for wheat. Group 2. S Burston and Co, 123 Flindois streot cast, Mel- bourne-lion mention, for barloy. Goulburn Shlro Council, Goulburn-Merit, for wheat. Group 2 Victoria Agricultural Society (should bo tlio Horti- cultural Socloty of Victoria)-Pi ogress, foi theprosoi vntion of ft ult R Goldsbrough and Co , Bourke streot vi es1, Mel- bourne- Morit, for wool Groups S Henderson, Molbourno-Merit, for oats Group 2 William Maillions, Coghill'.-) Creek-Morit, for oats and led straw wheat Group 2 A. & Hobcrtson, acolong-Fiogross, for inclino wool Philip Russell. Carngham-Hon. mention, wether wool, hot-vumhed. Groups lhomas Russell, Wurrook, Hollowood-lion, men- tion, ilecco vv ool from } oung sheep, skii tod in grouse. Group 2 Thomas Russell nnd Co., Barunah Plains, Hesso Merit, llccco wool, hot-vvntor «asliod,370 du}sgroivth. Group 2. V Ictoria collection of various woods-Morit Exhi- bitors of woods as per Victorian cataloguo aro-Com- missioners of International Exhibition, Molbourno, and Industrial and '1 cclinologieal Museum, Molbourno Joseph Boslsto, Richmond-Merit, chemical and pharmaceutical preparations from Australian v egota tlon, cucalj ptus, opium, oleum, mcrtlio, i.c Group 4 r A. Ilagcnauci, Rnniahy nek Mission Station, Lalto Wellington, Ginns Laud- lion, mention, for arrow- root Group 3 Lew is nnil Vi hilly, Charles street, Tit^roy, Mol boutne-lion mention, foi washing ohio Group 3 Robert Lucas, Colac-lion uioution, grasstico gum In its ci udc Btnto Group 3 M btcnaid muí Co, Richmond, Mctona-lion, mention, foi stnrcli Group 3 Hubert do Cnstclli, Yet ing- lion mention, led wine, full bodied, nude fiom Sauvignon grapes. Group 4 Mount Ararat Meat presen ing Campan} (or, as nor eat-iloguc, John Little, Mount Aim-it Meat nicsorvlug WoiKs, Melbourne)-lion mention, foi ox. tonques and beef Group i l'nbiizzlo Cilppa, Hepburn-lion mention, rod wine, light, mado from Ilorniltago grapes, vlntago 1870\. Group 4. Melbourne Mcatprcscrring Company-Progress, for preserved meat- Group 4. Australian Mcat-presorylug Company, Market buildings, Melbourne-Progress, for preserved moat. Group 4. Victoria Meat-preserving Company, 118 Markot Btrcot, Melbounio-Merit, for preserved meat. Group 4. Western Mcnt-proscrv Ing Company, Colao--Merit, for presen ed meat Group 4. Frederick Grosso, Sandhurst-Merit, tor wine. Croup 4. Helno »nd Grlffcnhngen, Strathfield!»} o, near Saiidliurst-Progress, for whito wino, full-bodied, nmdo from \ erdoillio grapes, vlntago 1S09; and tor red w Ino, full-bodied, mado from Hormitago gropes, v Intago 1871. Qroup 4. J S. Johnston, Sunbury -Merit, for red wine, futí lodlcd, dry, made from Hermitage grapes, vlntago 1<MM rimim 4 Nathaniel Levi, 82 Colllns-atrcot west, Melbourne Merit, for Victorian bcotroot migar. Group 4. Charles Maplestone, Ivanhoe, Heidelberg-Hon. mention, red wine, llght.inado from Hormitago grapes, vintage 1S70. Group 4. Carl Nob!, Strathfieldsaye, near Sandhurst-Merit, red wine, full bodied, made fiom Hermitage grapes. Group 4. Samuel Ramsden, Carlton-lion, mention, for flour. Franz Schmidt, Borwick- Merit, white vvino, full bodied, made from Uclsling grapes, vlntago 1800. Ehrcnliflcld Schroeder, Onlnaiuan's Creek, Castlo malno-lion, mention, vvhito wine, full bodied, mado from Reisling grapes, vintage 1871. Group 4. Georgo S. Smith, Wahgunyah-Hon. mention, red wine, sweet, mado from Muscatol aud Shira-! grapes, vlntago 1800. Group 4. M. Steward and Co., Richmond-Merit, for mali-ena. Group 4. John Vettlor, Echuca-Progress, for red vvino mado from Hermitage grapes, vlntago 1870 ; and red vvino, full bodied, mado from Qrcuaclio gropes, vlntago 1870\. Group 0. Edward Zorn, Oaklolgh, near Molbourno-Hon. mention, for tomato sauce Group 4. Cohen mid Col, 8 Haw-ko-strcot, West Molbourno Merit, for fur muffs and collarets of nativo cat, bluo kangaroo, brown kangaroo, emu, groy opossum and dycij opossum skins, manufactured by Cohen and Co. Acclimatisation Society, Molbourno-lion, mention, for Bilk cocoone, and ostrich plumes from ostriches acclimatised by tho society. Group 5. Alexander Gray and Co., Albion Woollen Mills, Geelong-Merit, vvoollon tweeds and woollen shawl, manufactured at Goolong. Group 5. Victoria Woollen Company, Geelong-Hon. moulton, woollen tvvoeds and shawls, manufactured at Goolong. Group G. Michaelis, Ilallcnstcln, and Co., 30 Lousdale-stroet cast, Molbourno-Hon. mention, for loathor. Group 4. Alcock and Co.-Hon. mention, cabinet for a sewing machine. Group 4. EUENING OF A STEAMER AND LOSS OF LIFE. (FROM THE HOME NEWS.) ' The New York journals contain accounts of the burning of the steamer Wawassett on the Potomac, which caused so great a IOBS of life. The Wawassett left New York on her regular weekly trip to Cono River, with 117 registered passengers and- a largo cargo of freight for river landings. Just beforo reach- ing Chatterton, landing on the Virginian side of the Potomac, about five miles below Acquia Creek, the steamer at tbe timo being about a third of a mile from the shore, fire was discovered in tho hold, and hoso was attached immediately; but the conflagra- tion soon became general, as the fire had been burning for somo time. The fire had been smouldering, it bad been supposed, for some hours. On the batches being opened, the fire burst forth with great fury, driving the men from tbo bold, and completely bailling all attempts to subdue it. In an instant tho wildest confusion prevailed on the vessel. JfXhe passengers"became panic stricken ana "frantic with fear, very few having presence of mind sufficient to talco caro of themselves. The steamer was with- out a second's delay headed for tho shore on tbo Virginia side. At this time tho llames had spread with fearful rapidity, and in the excitement many jumped ovorboard. Several of them jumped into tlio water before tbo steamer struck tho bottom. She was provided with but two small boats, and in tho frenzy of the moment ono of theso was thrown overboard and lost' by tho pas- sengers, who wero endeavouring to launch her. Captain Wood, of the ill-fated steamer, and his assistants, used every ofl'ort to con- trol the passengers, but without avail ; con- sequently, many wero lost who would other- wise have been saved. The vessel was well provided with life-preservers, but in tho panic it seems that nono of the passengers Becured them, and over 40 passengers were drowned. Captain Wood was tho last man to leave the steamer, and the pilot, Mr. Boswell, was surrounded by the flames be- fore he left the pilot-box, which was not until afterhe had run the steamer aground. The flames spread with such rapidity that tho tiller ropes wero on fire before tho vessel struck ground. All those who wero drowned had, it is supposed, jumped overboard to escape the liâmes. About one-half tho passengers on board wore women and chil- dren, many of them being cn route to the country places alonç the Potomac to spend a short time pleasuring with their friends. There was a number of coloured pooplo also on board. JEALOUSY AND MURDER. (ritOM THE HOME NEWS.) The quiet villago of Allingham, near Frampton-on-Severn, has boen the Rceno of one of the most painful and shocking tragedieB perpetrated since the Thornley murder several years ago. A young lady named Amelia Senna Phipps has been mur- dered by her sweetheart. The victim in this instance was 22 years of age, living with her parents at West-end-house, Allingham, and her murderer is a young man named Edward Hutt, whose mother lives at the Church Farm, in the same villago, which he has managed .for some years. It seems that Butt has kept company and corresponded with Miss Phipps about 12 months, and has boen ex- cessively jealous of her. Ho visited the family on Sunday afternoon, August 17, and had frequent conversations with Miss Phipps, . who, with Butt, his sister, and two gentle- men, appear to havo comprised the party. About eight o'clock in the evening Miss Kate Butt observed her brother take a gun from the kitchen and leavo the house, and it is supposed he concealed tho weapon in tho laurels on the lawn. A short time later tho whole party were on tho lawn, when Miss Phipps exclaimed aloud, " Edward is going to stab nie." Mr. Merritt, one of the gentle- men present, interposed, and remonstrated with Butt for using such throats. Butt then walked away, and others of the party went down tho lawn. Miss Phipps separated a short distance from her friends, and in a few minutes the report of a gun was heard. Mr. Monett went to the placo, and found Miss Phipps lying upon tho grass bleeding from a wound in tho head, from which she died directly. Butt was seen to leap over tho wall, and moko towards the Severn, and it is supposed ho has committod suicide. At tho inquest tho following parti- culars wero adduced in evidence :-Emily Butt, examined, said-My mother is a widow. My brother's name is Charles Edward Butt. Ile was in the habit of shooting small birds about the premises, but ho did not keep the gun loaded. Ho waa about 23 years of age. Tho gun was gonerally kopt in tho sitting-room. On Sunday evening, at about 8 o'clock," I sayv bim talco the gun out ol the cellar. Ile said nothing wbatovor. Ho did not load it then, neither did ho say auy il-lm» ivlmn lm wr-iithi or out about the Kim. lio only remained a short time m tho house Powder and shot aro kept in tho collar, but he did not remain long enough to load it I saw him go on tho run towaids Mi Phipps' Nono of us spoke to him My sister was with mo My brothor often lent out the gun Ho looked very queer Neither mamma nor mjself could maka linn out lately, JnmeB Merrett said -I am a fannel, of St Augustine si aim, Arlnigham Deceased vv as a sistei of my wife CliaileB 1 dward Butt, foi somo tuno past, desired to pay court to bei There has been unplea santncBs ansing in consequence I spoke to him at Longley Teast, and ho cried about bei conduct On tho Sunday ovoning of tho mm der the deceased walked with Butt arm in aim to our house They wero in fiontof mo as I walked to my biotbei nilavvs bouse I saw nothing in Butts manuel to oxcite my attention Ile nppoared to be upset because Amelia refused to accom nany him to Olouceatoi on tho following day I heard no words of importance or actions My siBtor in law called foi my assistance on the lawn Thoyworo both to gether Sho said, " O James hois going to stab mo with a kmfo " I saw no knifo The } e-une man said, "O, Amela, you havo de ceived mo," and began to sob and cry Sho said, ' I hav o told you scoies of times 1 d vi ai d I shall nev or hav o you ' Nothing w as said in rcfeienco to deceased having gone to chuioh with somebody m tho morning When deceased Bald, ' I have told you scores of Innes I shall never havo }on ho said "I don t Know vv luitov ei I shall do Deceased pam showaH gonn, to Gloucester with ni}sel£ and Hair} Godwin Butt saul 'If }ou don t to with me tbeie will bo something 1 ad the mattei Isaid, 1 dwaul hovvcan you exj ect Amelia to to with }ou aftei vom I clnv loin to bel the other moraine; Butt lepcatcd that lfshe did not he would do what lit hud saul, be d-if he would not 1 have lev ei seen lum the woise for drink Ho then look hor by the arm, and led her to the gnte, and I followed them. In about a minuto afterwards I beard the report of a gun. De- ceased fell down dead. The. gun was found at about threo or four yards from her. A ver- dict of wilful murder was returned against Butt, who has been arrested. TÍIE CAPTURE OF THE DEER | HOUND. ' (FROM THE EUltOPEAK MAIL.) A corvette, under British colours, ap- peared to be cruising off Biarritz, about fivo miles at sea. A merchant steamer, flying Spanish colours, also carno in sight. Pre- sently a boat left the corvotto andspoko the steamer, which immediately hauled down the Spanish ilag, and hoisted the British cnBign. The corvette in her turn lowered the British colours and hoisted Spanish. Tho Spanish corvette then took m tow the English ship, which was the Deer, hound, and is said to have been loaded with contraband of war, and set sail for the Spanish coast. Colonel Stuart, Captain Travers, and crow (mostly Eng« lisumen) aro detained prisoners on hoard the vessel at Sun Sebastian. An ex- change of diplomatic notes between the Spanish Cabinet and the English and Fienoh Governments is anticipated--on tho part of England because the Spanish war corvette unduly assumed Euglish colours, whian did not belong to her; on the part of Franca becauso the capture of tho English sicamor took place within the jurisdiction of French waters. Tho officers and crew of tho Door houudhave been removed to tho citadel of San Sebastian. Colonel Stuart and Captain Tiavers arc confined in separate cells, worso than those in Nowgato, and hove to sleep on beds on tho lloor. They aro alloyvod to re- ceive theil- meals from tlio hotel. An appli- cation from the British vice-consul, that they should be considered as prisoners of war and let out on parole, was rejected. The consul at Bilbao has been requested to come over. Colonel Stuart is ready to assume all the responsibility of his act, but he protests against the seizure of tho vessel as illegal, and has prayed Lord Lyons to represent to the French authorities that the international code hos been violated in his case. His desire is to bo tried by the laws of his own country. Captain Travors, who . is an old navy ofiicor, and saw much ser- vice during tho Indian mutiny, adinna that ho was within four miles of the French coast, and 13 of tho Spanish when ho was. seized. Ho indignantly denies ovor having raised the Spanish Hag. Tho crow of 10 Englishmen and one Spaniard aro scan- dalously treatod. Thoy aro badly fed, and locked up in a close filthy dungeon. Tlio ship is still hi harbour with the Buenaven- tura and has a prizo crow on board. A declaration of Biarritz residonts, affirming that they sawtheDccrhonnd captured on tho high seas, and clearly ont of Spanish waters, has received 21 respectablo signatures. MYSTERIOUS DEATH OF TWO LADIES. (FROM THE EUROPEAN MAIL.) Tho bodies of tho unfortunate Bisters, Mrs. Everett, 13 Grove-road, and Mrs. Constable, Seven Sisters-road, Holloway, who have boon, missing ior the last two months, wero dis- covered in tho ruins of Alexandra Palace. Wo gather, from tho advertised lowards offered, that they left their homes on tbo morning of Juno 24 last to visit the horse show held at that date in the park, and their mysterious disuppeaianco had not up to August 21-the discovery of their remains been accounted for. It appeals that a man named llichard Hughes, working in tho vicinity of the palace, discovered tlio fright- fully decomposed bodies of two females lialf buned amidst the ruins. Immediately call- ing the attention of tho authorities, ho was despatched to tho Holloway polico station, where ho exhibited portions of tho dresses, no ' was at onco accompanied by Inspector Stanford to the residenco of Mr. Eveiott, by whom, as well as by his family, tho dicsscs were at onco idontified aB thoso worn by his wifo and sister-in-law on tho dato of their disappearance. Tho party then proceeded to tho Alexandia Park, where the unfortunate women lay uiidistinguiBliablo, amidst a heap of rubbiBb, and the bodies wero at onco placed in a cart and convoyed to tho Alex- andia Tavern, Wood Green. Up tothopresent no cluo has been discovered as to how the de- ceased iound their woy into tho building. Tho general belief is that thoy wandered un- noticed into the ruins, and without warning and unseen wero buried under somo portion of the masonry which suddenly gave way. Subsequent search on tbo part of tho polico clcais away the suspicion which had got abroad thatthedeccasedcarno by thoirdeaths through foul play. On tho bodies of tho ill fated women wore found tho watches and chains which they wero known to have worn when they left their homes. Terrible as tho discoveiy is, a still moro terrible dread is sot at lest as to the deceasod ladies having been made away with by violenco othor than acci- dental, and the mystery that so long onvo loped their fate is now cleared away. THE EX-EMPRESS OF THE FRENCH. (FHOSr THE HOME NEWS.) On August lo tlieie was a largo mooting of Imperialists at Camtlen-house, Chislehurst, winch included a special sorvico at the littlo cbuich and a recoption by the ex-Empress. There attended many of tho chiof supporters of the Napoleonic dynasty-names whoso celebrity dates as far back as the first Napoleon. Amongst them wero conspicuous thoso of the Princess Murat, tlio Duke and Duchess de CambaciSrts, General the Comto Lepic, Viscomto and Viscomtcsso Lopic, the Abb« Pngol, Madame Lo Bicton (sister of General Bourboki), Marquis do Forget Cham- bellan, Marquis de Clermont Tonnerre, tho Due d'Abrantcs, the Count do la Chapelle, the Due do Pundano, Count do Caramon, Comto Tehan, M. Auguste Yitu, and a great many other names well known in tho poli- tical and literary world. Tho number of Eng- lish present was vory small, and almost tho only nameof any noto was that of the Dowogor Duchess of Somerset. Tlio whole of the Eng- lish and foreigners who took part in tho cele- bration could not, however, havo been less than 400. Tlio great featuro of tho day was the procession organised by a deputation from tho " JeunesBo Français," which arrived outside tho gates shortly boforo tho imperial party left for the church. It was mado up of persons of both sexes, distinguished each by a green armlet, and mostly coming de- cidedly under tho category of jonnosso, al- though in ono or two instances tho teira must have boen appliod lo tho lady enthusiasts by courtesy. This pro- cession was not imposing, perhaps, but it had at its bead a small banu, which many would havo thought it worth a long journoy lo see. This was a quaternion of the Old Guard of tho First Napoleon- thoro aro said to bo only 20 of thom in all now alive. Thoy were dressed in their old uniform,Bulliciontly familiär to us in pictures and perhaps on the stage, but not now remembered by many on the field of battle. Thoy carried two banners with tho Imporial initial on them and surmounted by the gilt eagle, and thoy marched manfully at a good paco without a halt up the tough hill whir-h lr-nilfl from tho Rtntion to the chanol. 'iho sen ico was beautiful!) peí formed b) tho small choir did not occupy moio than an hour, mid tho prut) returned lo tho guidon and rooms foi tlio informal leception to bo given by tlio ompiess Tho wholo com- pany weio maisballed m along cnculai lino, of which tho v oteran guardsmon formed tho e\ticmo distant limit Hound tbo line passed in îegulai order tho empress and hoi Eon, tho foiiner commencing at the light hand of tbo dooi, and tlio other at the loft Tho nnnco was not long in completing lus cn cuit, re» ccivnig, as no passed along, tho addiossos which had been brought fiom Tranco for pioscntatioii to lum 1 ho Trnpiess w as much lontci and occupied a full hour or moio in completing her round, talking ven long and eamestl) to ovory one of tho old friends of tho family and patiBing almost at ov or) now face m tho long line Short!) aftei tho 1 mpiess had lotucd anotlici gtoup was foimcd on tho lawn, and heie standing; undei a tree, tho Princo Imperial addiessed his friends in a very friendly speech, dining which he was inoro than once checkod by emotion, and ho stopped to bo cheered on by such cncB as "Vivo lrmpereur 'Vivo Napoleon Quatre, ' and " Viv o 1 Imporatrico I ' 'Ibo excitement gicvv until it culminated in ever)body pushing forward to shako banda with tho Trmce and to loiterato the expies sioiis giv en abov e Ia ii announced that the Gemían coivetto Ga/cllo lins ordeis to sail foi China m the autumn with nistiuelioiis to touch at tho Samoa Islands in oidei to enfoico pa)mor ^ of 8 000dol from the natives to Ooiir<ttu colonists foi dnmate dono to then pi' M^a lions Oidois have been given to G mman men of wai m dock lit Yiilliolmsl ft^on to keep thoniselvcs m readiness foi P iVUCe u(, a uioment B notice 