A RACE FOB LIFE. CHAPTER XIV.—(CONTINUED.) A SURPRISE. AT this point, Seth entered, bearing a steaming piece of meat. The choicest portion was given to Viola, of course. Seth had lost his amusing affectation and was himself again. The rude meal was enlivened by pleasant conversation, and far into llie day the parties Eat, and were unmindful of the lapse of time. Then the three men dropped as if by acccident from the little circlo, leaving the lovod nnd beloved one together. Was there any mistaking of their relations to-one another ? Untutored as were Vic and Jim, they still knew enough of hcnrt-Iife lo read in the eyes, in the words, in the esquisito gentleness of George and Viola, that their friendship was of a holy nature, nnd the rough men were as resjwsctful and considerate as women. The lovers were at last alone together; most trying but most blissful moment. They commenced a common-place conversation, which terminated, in what might have been expected. We might record it, but it has always been a question with us whether it is right to transcribe a conversation which should never bo heard by a third party. There is a sacredness and interest about it that can never be felt by the reader, and many would regaid with disinterestedness what were words fraught with hope and happiness to the hearers. Summerfield spoke of the feelings she had awakened when he first met her ; of the many hours he had spent in thinking of her alone; how his love had never slumbered, but increased steadily and surely until the present time, and ended by offering her the pure undivided love of his heart. And Viola, after a few moments of silence, too full of bliss to prevent her speaking, told Summerfield the same story he bad listened to. She confessed that she had loved him from the first, and prayed for and hoped lo meet him, and yet was often frightened when her own nature told her of the deep passion that she was nourishing ; she had striven to foiget it, but could not, and finally euded by accepting and returning his love. Then Summerfield spoke of his distant home, of his adored sister, and declared that were she living, be would only need Viola's presence to complete his happiness; and she related her own history, and slated that, when certain of the fate of her father, and with his consent, if living. Summerfield migh) concider her as belonging to him. This was followed by plans, and questions and answers, that need not be referred lo. It seemed that they had not said much, when Vic and Wandaught returned, evidently to discuss matters of importance. " Bovs, the question is, what we're going to do ? flow long we're going to stay here 7 Now Sam Redzel 1 11 be here afore we could git out o' sigbt o' the mountains, and he'll hunt a week fur us ef he thinks we're'bout. It won't do for us to start now, fur ef we did he'd be arter us, and we'd lose all our furs, sure if ho did'nt cotch us. We've got to stay here till we make him think we ain't here. He'll wait a long while 'fore he gives us up, and we've got to keep mighty close. Ef anything turns up 60 that any of ycr are treed in here, I'll show ycr the way yer can give 'em the the sh'p, and git off cl'ar ef you work right." Here the speaker arose, and approaching Viola, lifted a loose rock, disclosing a dark rent in tbo flinty floor. " This," said he, " goes down a few feet and turns off, and after goin* under some etoncs, and bushes, you come out behind a big stone, a purty good distance from whar we come in. I don't know how it got here, but s'pose some fellers have been here and used it as they did the ' Hole.' I staid here one winter when ]'s trappin', and found a good many qua'r things scratched up thar, that looked as if some feller moughthav made 'cm with his knife." " Where are they 7 Perhaps they may afford some clue to a strange history," asked Summerfield. " Right over my little one's head." Summerfield seized a brand, and approached the spot indicated. As he raised the torch he saw a number of rude letters , scratched over quite a space, and after considerable difficulty lie managed to trace the words— " Alvarado Gentillino, C. M. Harrison, P. Holmes, 1828. Got drove* in here by Injins, and after two days they tried to burn us out. At night we dug out and got away." " Tbat explains it," said Summerfield, after he bad read it aloud. " A couple of fellows were compelled to make that passage for themselves, and after digging it, have recorded the fact there." "I thort as how that plflce warn't alles thnr. Wal, you see, it mought he of some use to yer at 6ome time; I happened to see the stone loose one day, and arter lookin' round found what it war, Wal, as I's stiyin'," ho resumed, " we've got to stay here some time : though praps we can go .to-morrer, pervided Sam flin t about. Me and Jim?ll look round and see «f thar's any sign, and ef tliar isn't, by to-morrer we'll be-off." This, all acknowledged,, was. the best plan to be pursued, and, without more words Vic left the cave. The animals, Seth stated were in as secure a place as were their owners, being in a gap between two huge walls of "rock, which was only approached by a rough, irregular footpath. Vannovcn bad not been gone more than a couple of hours, when he returned. " See nary thing ?" asked Wandaught, carelessly. . " Yes, sir; I've seen 'cuff I reckon. Sam Redzel ain't a mile off, and he's got over twenty Crows with him, nnd thar's devil in his eyes. I see'em comin', and waited till they stopped, when I counted-'em. They're all daubed with war paint, ian' are goin' to give this ole_ mountain an overhauliu', I'm afraid, boys, we'll have to close it with 'em Do yoa kOow how tbey intend to proceed ? asked Summerfield. I s'pose they'll hunt one by .one. till we're found/whenthey'll come down on us." said Vionovfcn. '„.';.. "This yer'djftin/leaid Wandaught, me again, George ?" added she in a husky whisper, looking; in Lis eyes. He will not get you," returned he, with No," said she, ufitera second, with solemn slowness, " he will never obtain me alive, George." " Please don't feel thus," added Summerfield' alarmed at her manner. " You are safe with us, certainly, dear Viola." " Don't be skeert," said Vic, noticing her appearance, " Sam Redzel won't git his hands on yor as long as we're about 'im. I guess we'll be Rbout a while too." " 1 am sure I am safe with you ; it. was a momentary fear," returned Viola, much affected at this exhibition of good will. " I'll be darned if I won't blow every Engin to thunder and lightning," exclaimed Seth, excitedly, and forgetting himself entirely, " before they shall hurt you 1" This remark produced a smile from all. " That's so!" he added, shaking his head, and bringing his clenched hand down upon his knee. "And if you don't believe it, just wait till the chance comes." " I don't doubt it, Seth," replied Summerfield, " neither do I doubt the willingness of every one here to defend Viola, even unto death." " That's the talk," exclaimed Vic. " You ain't skeert now, little one, are you f" " No, no; I feel no concern for myself; but I fear that some of you will have to suffer. I have a dread that one at least among us will fall by the hands of that man or his followers." "And what of it?" queried Wandaught. " I'm sure I wouldn't feel squeamish ef I knowed it war gwine to be me. We've all got to go under some time, and what'6 the odds when it is ? Thar ain't anybody, 'cept perhaps them here, what would cry much over Jim Wandaught, and ef I had my choice, I wouldn't care a beaver skin when I gits throwed in my tracks." " That's my idee," added Vic; " I s'pects some these times the varmins will get Vic, and I don't stop to think or care about the time. Ef I's 6ure my little one'd git home all right, 1 wouldn't feel sorry ef the Enjins sbonld wipe me out; but when they go at the business, in course I can't help tryin' to do them the same favor, and I'm thinking when Vic does go under there'll be some tall kickio' and figblin'." " I don't know as I am particularly anxious about giving up the ghost," remarked Seth ; " and come to think, I'll be blasted ef I want to yet awhile. There is a gal—a lady, I mean, down in Louisville, that would die efshe should learn Seth Potter was no more." The fellow heaved a great sigh after be had delivered himself of this, and looked at Viola It was his last attempt to produce an " impression" npon her. He believed tliat if she entertained any passion for him, this remark would call it forth. She caught his glanee, and replied— " I hope you will 6ee her, Seth, for you deserve to, and make her heart glad." I hope so," he replied, solemnly. " Wal, thar ain't none of these gals to care fur me," said Vic. " Nor rne nutber," added Wandaught. " There is one who always will," said Viola, earnestly. " I believe that," said Vic, with feeling. Several times one of the hunters crept to the mouth of the cave to look out for danger. Late in tlie afternoon Wandaught detected an Indian a long way off, but none of them came near enough to awaken any apprehension. After a long time night settled over the mountains. All felt that another day was to dawn upon them. A faint moon had arisen, which rendered the ponderous laces of the rocks visible, and their gloomy shadows more gloomy than before. Seth set ont to visit the animals, but he roceeded with extreme caution, and spent a E alf hour in passing the hundred yards. He was fully 'armed with his rifle and a couple of knives, for he deemed it highly robable that be should encounter some enemy E efore returning. He reached the spot, however, without detecting anything suspicious, and passed down among the horses. They all knew him, and manifested no fear at his approach. He patted each one, and seeing that they were provided for during the night, was about to turn and ascend, when one of them gave a snort of alarm. As Seth stbod in a sort of yawn or rent, it was perfectly dark around him, while above be could see the blue piece of sky end the edges of the rocks clearly defined against it. As he gazed up he saw the head of an Indian above penringdown upon him. He watched a moment, ana saw it gradually slide ioto view until fully one half ol bis body stood in bold relief against the slcy. The Indian remained motionless a moment, save that he kept his head • swaying like a snake's about, to dart upon his prey. He then hounded slightly down. Seth crouched so as to keep him against the sky, and waited bis approach. Then he arose like a cat, and clutching the savage by the throat, pressed bis knife to the hilt in bis body. There was a spasmodic quiver and struggle; then all was over. "Thar, cuss you!" exclaimed Seth, "I wish I could serve you all like that." Seizing the body, he carried it 4 short distance, then threw it down between two rocks, and covered it with stones, so as to conceal it from what others were roaming in the neighbourhood. He then proceeded as cautiously back to the cavern, and, in answer to the inquiries, stated that he bad seen nothing alarming. But when Viola was sleeping, be told the others the whole circumstances. CHAPTER XV. HOT QUARTERS AND SMOKE, IN the morning following, a long and earnest consultation was held. 'As.usual, the opinion and will of Vic were ibe law. of the rest. He stated that none need expect Sam to leave until be bad .searched every spot likely to contain them; that is, every spot likely to contain them in that section. He yras now exploring the valley, and in the courss of the day either be or some of the would be above. - toi,escape disooyery "Was by ituatly,mislead jtbem until hangeibeir jhidfolfeplpoe t. ofthe:iQount6W|BKl(l ^ VM ... "But,"'said Vic, " it am the hardest thing fur me tor sneak 'round tryin' to keep out the way o' that cuss and his redskins. Wagh! I'm itchin' ter hev dome fun." "So'm I," added Wandaught, "but in course we've got ler keep kinder low 'long ns thar's somebody else in the matter." Vic said " In course," and then proceeded —" two or three of us must git out here soon an' make tracks in some other parts up above, so as lo make them b'lieve we ain't down in those parts, and ef they don't find this place by night, we'll give 'em the slip." " I'll ho darned if wo won't!" exclaimed Sell), excitedly. " Vic, yer nllers war some on plannin'," sBid Wandaught, admiringly, " an I ain't afeared but what we'll git out all squar' with our little one." " Well, who is going with you, Vic ?" asked Seth. After a short conversation, it was decided that Wandaught and Seth should accompany him, while Summerfield should remain with Viola. They expected to return before there was any probability of their retreat being discovered. But, even should the savages come upon it in their absence, there was little cause to fear. It will be remembered tbat only one could enter at a time, and one person with a trusty rifle might effectually dispute the passage of a hundred or a thousand, This decided upon, the threo, with many warnings from and promises to Viola, made their way from the cavern, and began cautiously ascending the mountain. Summerfield and Viola followed them out, and watched sheir movements until they were lost to view among the wild regions above thctn. Summerfield then re-entered the cave, and made preparations for resistance in case an attack should he made before the rest should return. In a few minutes Viola came in and seated hsrself upon her accustomed seat, and watched bis movements. " What does that mean," she asked, as he carried otic of the bundles of furs and deposited it a number of feet nearer the entrance. " C an you not comprehend, dearest ? " he returned, witli a smile. " Yes; I suppose you intend it as a means of delence. But do you think we shall be discovered f " No; but such a thing might occur, and, of course, we should be prepared for any emergency. I do not think the others wilt be absent long, and there is hardly a shadow of probability that there will bo any savages from the valley"below before ibey return."' " George,' 1 Eaid she, after a moment's deep thought, " I don't know how it is, but I have not felt easy since I have known that Redzel was pursuing us. I have heard it said that persons are sometimes given a shadowy apprehension of what is about to transpire. I do not believe in preseutiments that I often hear spoken of; but if there is such a thing as a presentiment, I have had one lor the last day or two." " A presentiment of what ?" " Of the death of " " Great heaven 1 what is that ?" At that instant, with a fearful distinctness, came the sharp crack of half-a- dozen lilies, accompanied by a number of wild whoops of agony and of defiance. They were distant, and yet the stillness of the region rendered them as audible as if but a few rods away. For a few seconds they remained as motionless as two statues; once they heard the discharge of a single gun, and now and tlieu could distinguish several faint shouts. Again tbey heard a number of yells repeated, and in a moment there was a hurried tramp of some one approaching at a rapid rate. Summerfield cocked his rifle, and bent his eye to the narrow entrance of daylight. The tramp continued, and in a moment he saw the twisted members of Seth suddenly halt before it. Then the cave was darkened, as he wedged his body rapidly in. "Quick, George, for God's sake! there's forty after me, and Sam's among 'em, he exclaimed, plunging in. Summerfield rolled the bundle of fur farther ahead, and rested his rifle on it. " Good," said Seth, " they'll be here in a minute." " Where's Jim and Vic ?" " Don't know; guess they're kicking round. We all three run into a nest of 'em afore we knowed it. I seen Jim jump square over one of 'em and go down a place a hundred feet deep. Lord A'mighty 1 I seen stars too!" " Did they pursue you ?" "Yes, yes! here's the devels now!'Look." A number of mocassined feet and naked legs cotjd be seen flitting before the entrance, and a trium])hant shout of exhultation told the savage joy of those outside. " bhan t I crack some of them fags ?" asked Seth, placing his finger on the trigger. . " No; don't crack anything but a head, and you'll have enough of them, too." At this moment one of the forms stooped, and the horrid face of Sam ttedeel was visible. " Hallo, in thar!" he bawled, " Helloah 1 back agin. How you like it ?" " That you, Crooked Legs ?" " It's the feller that walloped you most thunderingly once." "And what's goin'. to git sizzled, cuss yer liver. Hallo, Somefield, you thar too ?" " I am here, Sam Redzel, us you will probably find." "And me too," added Summerfield, imitating the voice of Vannoven. " Bah!" laughed Redzel, "you can't come that, ole boss. Vic Vannoven and Jim Wandaught'll never cross my path agin." " And you can't come that, ole womanfighter," retorted Seth. "Vic and Jim are kicken, I guess you'll And." Seth sighted his rifle, and took aim at the face of Redzel. Summerfield saw the movement, and drew back for bim to fire; but just as the finger pressed the. trigger, and while Redzel was giving utterance to an insulting command, he placed biB hand beneath the hammer. "George Summerfield," continued Seth, as' be dropped bis gun and gazed in bis eyes, " you hindered mo trom killing that devil, just now. . Don't ever .try it again. If-you do I will sboot you as sure as there is a God in " Seth, what's tbe matter V - "Don't do .it agaip; that's all!" andhe calmly.reiumed-his gun and raised the hammer At that moment a warrior's body was visible at tbe entrance. Seth fired, and a howl, that made their ears tingle with horror, told his fate. As his companions stooped to draw him owoy, Seth jerked Summerfield's rifle from his hand and killed another Indian. Tbo yells of rage that followed the death of those two Indians wore absolutely deafening. The bodies were withdrawn in an instant, and when the clamour had abated, Seth called out— " Sain Redzel, I shot them two. I thought tbo first one might be you, but it wnsn't; you tire very careful to keep your precious hide out of existence. Why don't you BIIOW yourself?" " Bah ! you think I'm a tool, don t you ? Of course. I've always had that opinion since I licked you so easy." At this instant, there was the discharge ol n number of rifles, nnd their bullets rattled harmlessly ogainst the sides of the cavern. " Try ngain," called out Seth, " you might hit the'rocks again." At that moment they heard the discharge of two pieces, apparently at some distance. This was followed by an excited conversation among those upon tbe outside. " By thunder aud lightning, but especially the lightning!" exclaimed Setb, joyously looking to Viola, "if that ain't Jim and Vic, then I'm a sinner, sure." " Whoop !'' he yelled, " thought Jim and Vic wouldn't cross your path any more. How do you like the fun, old prison bird ?'' There was no reply, but the rapid mumbling and tbe bum of voiccs continued. In a moment llicy heard the treading of departing feet. " What does this mean ?" asked Summerfield. " They have sent off o lot to fight the boys, and the rest staid here to " " Hallo, in thar. Is Sumtr erfield thar ?" " I em here. What bare you to say ?" " I s'pose yer got that gal thar ? I want her." "Well, get her, and you can have her." "I'll tell you what I'll do Summerfield. Ef you gives up that gnl and don't help Crooked Legs—coz me'n him have got tcr settle an account—I'll let yer off, and promise yer, yer shan't be hurl." " liedzel, we will both defend her against you as long as we nve able, and T will help Seth to shoot yoti at the first opportunity." " That's the talk," exclaimed Seth. "Then look out," thundered Redzel, with a fearful oath. " We'll see how you like smoke." There was a v< ry great commotion among the assailants. Soon several commenced pushing bushes and sticks into the entrance with poles, kceptheir bodies concealed. Seth succeeded, however, in breaking the arms ol a couple of savages who unconsciously exposed tliein. " What are tliey going to do with us?" asked Viola, in a whisper. " Burn us out," returned Summerfield, with a smile. '• That is. if thev can," he added, as he pointed backward toward the outlet that bad before saved tbrpe lmiimn beings. " Selh," said Summerfield ns he witnessed these preparations, " it would assist us, I think, if we make Redzel believe that we arc nlarmed at tbe pwsent turn of tbiugs, and have no thought oJ" eluding him." " Don't know but what it would. Good idea. You do the talking, as you'll bo the most likely to touch that tender heart of bis." " Say, Sam." " Wal, what's up ?" " That's a menu trick, I think. If I couldn't dislodge a foe, I wouldn't burn him out.'' " Bab ! you wouldn't, eh ? Wal, I would. Do you give up-?" "Of course not, and do not intend to, either." " Wal, smoke then. I give yer the choice I done a while ago. Ef yer ain't a mind to take it, why you kin lake what you can't help." While he was s|ieaking, a savage stooped to light the faggots. As quick as thought he leaped to his feet, and fell in the agonies of death. Seth had shot him through tbe neck. Another ventured more warily, but Summerfield caught a glimpse of bim as he was in the very act of applying the torch, and sent B bullet through his abdomen. As the Indian disappeai'ed from view, the dry twigs flared up into a bluze and ignited the rest. He had succceded, although it had cost him his life. In a few moments the whole entrance was in a blnze; but, contrary to the expectations of all, the smoke passed outward, not a particle entering tbe cave. This was unaccountable to Summerfield, who expected tbat some smoke, at least, would enter; but, as he felt a draught of air from behind, he turned, and saw that Viola hud displaced the stone that covered the outlet, and there was a constant rush of air inward. She smiled as she saw the expression of surprise upon his countenance, but neither spoke. The Indians, not content with simply starting the fire at the entrance, wore continually making efforts to push it farther inward; but this waB a perilous tatk, as they were compelled to stand directly before the entrance, and either Summerfield or Seth would catch the outlines of their forms, and fire, and never miss. But their continued attempts were partially crowned with success, for quantities of the burning embers would yield to those iu front and be pressed considerably backward. Still there Was no immediate danger from this. Their respiration was free, and as yet they experienced no inconvenience from tbe heat. " Seth, it won't do to make an attempt to leave here before night, will it ?" " Of course not. It wasn't far from night when I got chased iu here. In two hoii's it will be as dark as a pocket. They will keep the fire going all night until Sam concludes we are purty nigh used up, and then they will crawl in ana haul us out like rotated potatoes. I hain't notified where this bole comes, but it must be a great distance off, and. I can tell you, George, you, mustn't think wo are near Iialf through the danger yet." ," Of course I don't; but I can't help feeling pretty joyous now and then, when I think of itbe discomfiture that Sam will experience when die finds that we are gone. No doubt, added Summerfield, with a look at the embers, " the nest will be warm 'but the bird will be flown:" \- Both watched the entrance inoessantly. The slightest exposure of their savage foe was sure to result fatally to them. Thus over two hours, unconsciously to Summerfield in his excitement, passed away, and during that time several Indians had fallen either by the hand of Seth or himself. " George," said he, turning suddenly toward him, "do you know it is as dark as pitch7 We can talk about leaving now. Viola, see here a minute." As she approached, he continued— " These fellers will keep that fire going for two or three hours yet, and our chance of getting away is in these two or three hours. They, in all probability, have no idea of our nluding them by going out a back door, and all that is needed is caution and self-reliance. This underground passage opBns a few yards distant, ana near enough to be fatal to us if the slightest mistake iB made. Before going, I think it best for one of us to examine the passage in order to be sure of the course to pursue. I will do it, I guess; and, George, keep blazing away while I'm gone." So saying, he let himself down the openlie sank to bis chin only, then stooping, commenced crawling on his Knees. In a few moments the head of Setb.rose to view. " It's all right," eaid he, anticipating tliBir question. It goes about thirty feet, all the way under rocks, and comes out behind one where there isn't any chance of a savage being stationed. The way is clear, end all we have got to do is to be quick and silent. I will go first, you next, ana let Viola follow. Let me see. We have everything we can take, have we not ?" " Yes; but Vic will have to lose HIB furs; but if I ever reach the States he shall receive their full value." " That will make him madder than anything else, but it can't be helped. Are you all ready ?" Each signified consent, and he again stooped from view. _ " Come on," came bis faint nnd muffled voice, and Summerfield sprang down. " Now, dear Viola," said lie, " keep close to me, and be careful and hopeful'" With this he also disappeared, and in a second called for her to follow. She did so without .any hesitation, end commenced groping through a dark, damp, and crumbling passage of earth and gravel." In a few moments Summerfield asked her to pause. Then she heard a movement, and again groped on. A few seconds after she was lifted to her feet, and found herself standing above ground. The chilly night was blowing against her, and she could just discern the outlines of Summerfield and Seth, so deep was the darkness. A short distance off she could hear tbe voices of tbe savages, and above the black forms of the rocks could see the reddened glare of tbe flames tbat their enemies had kindled for their destruction: " Here, George," said Seth, " take my hand. It won't do to get separated." Summerfield did so, and in turn took Viola's, and the three commenced moving slowly and cautiously forward. Seth was a few feet in Advance, and was obliged to feel every foot of bis way. Once or twice be paused upon the very edge of some awful precipice that yawned ut his leet, and, without speaking to tbe others, changed bis dire:tion so as to avoid it. Thus tbey moved along for nearly half-nnhour, when Setb, whose powers of vision were sometimes wonderful, saw but B few yards distant, two forms rise apparently from out of the very earth! He halted as quick as thought, and sank noiselessly to the earth, almost simultaneously with Summerfield and Viola. Without a word, tbe two nnloosed their rifles, and held them on the cock, ready to be discharged at the first necessity. Tbe forms continued to approach, when suddenly, they halted almost upon them, and one spoke in an undertone— " That you boys ?" All three rose to their feet at these words, for it was Vic who bad uttered them. "Took ns some time to find yer," remarked. Wandaught. " Why, how did you know we were here ?" asked Viola, nearly overcome with joy and wonder. " Why, mv little one, didn't you s'pose we know'd you'd crawl out the first chance ? We have been watchin' round ever si ice dark for yer." " But" said Summerfield, suddenly, " what can we do without horses ? Our own animals are too cloBe to tbe Indians to obtain." " They is, am they 1 Wal, I ruther guess not. Do you suppose, we're green V' Summerfield did not fully'' understand what he meant, but without : saying any' iiiorej be followed tbem. They proceeded more rapidly now, as the way was better known. A short distance travelled, and they reached a spot 1 where stood jtheir horses.\ • All were there, and' seemea waiting : patiently for their riders. " Well, if this doesn't beat all!" exclaimed Summerfield, in admiration. "In course," remarked Vic to Viola, "we wan't goin'to come'tolopk for ypr till weM got tbe bosses. So Jim, he snejiked tip kbWt dark and fetched 'em mi^'Wribroiight ,'em out hers and then commenced lookih' for ye. We thought we wouldn't come onto you when, you's too' close to the devils—the, ISngins— cause yer mought think we Belonged, to 'fern, too, end thus hurt but* feel'tis, anff p)rqps our hides, too. Jest let tae bbOBt j'pu up;"' In five minutes every .one was.mounted and on their way. "•,-.'.. j . , Vannoven took the lead, Wandaught was next, and was followed by Seth, while Summerfield and Viola came last.. , Thus tbey again resumed their homeward journey, and with it the perils and Suffering that not even Vic or Wandaught anticipated. (To be continued.) ; AN immense quantity, of rabbits Ad just now forwarded to Melbourne from Colac by some of our more enterprising trappers,, the result being a rise of prices. A CHINESE smoked opium at Maryborough till be was dying, and' tbe doctbr'^culled 1 in found bim covered with ; biobd,: v litt Ut&ftU;' tiser says:—"The Appearand : of-' tbV'blo&d; was ultimately foiind td baye ariieif ; fNjtP - the iaet that tbe dtitanpjl, ioibimig W'1jrH r, ifcojft : to die, told some -of 1 bis ^couptrvmqn that nothing but the warm blodd of 'p : Uuck ;Cbjild save htm. They accordingly 'procured oPe, and chopping its head off in- the room; gave bim the neck to euck; but be soon expired. 