MR. J. C. ROWLANDS' HOUNDS. TO THE EDITOR OP THE AUSTRALASIAN. Sir,-Mr. ,J. C, Rowland's hounds met at Smythesdale's neat little township on Friday last, at Rawlings' Royal Hotel, 10 a.m., ana there we duly turned up, "a score of the right sort," long before the hour. We occu pied our time, until it arrived, boasting of the big jumps some of our fellows had accom plished this season, the long and severe runs, the game way some of the kangaroos had given up the ghost; and also, sir; with sundry whiskeys. When our master sounded his horn to horse, we jogged away, and a couple of short miles brought us to Mount Sugarloaf. In consequence of the late rain we found the mountain sides like glass, and the big broad Hat beneath as rotten as a medlar. After fossicking about there for an hour blank, we tried the forest, and soon hit on his trail, working it up beautifully for some time to and fro- and it's hark to Bashful, who is whimpering over his lobs. Then a glorious concert burst forth, and we were off, at such a pace for a few miles that none but the best mounted men could keep near the hounds as they flew over his trail. Racing over a large tea-tree flat was the cause of grief to some, and a regular stopper to many of the field. There I saw Mr. Jones and Lady Clifden in a deep hole, his head just above water, and spouting like a whale ; to his left lay Mr. T. Rawlings and Alpliea, muddled all in a heap, Master Tommy Rawlings . and Miss Alfred in the same predicament; then down tame Mr. Perrottand Sir Robert like a thousand of bricks-wallop-flop ! Our master on Slap Bang, and Mr. Wicher on Shepherdess, by Bome mysterious kind of Way got through safe, but the rest of the field were tumbling about like nine-pins. During all this fuss the three sisters, Music, Bash ful, and Beauty, stuck to the kangaroo through the swamp like wax, to the opposite side; then streaming away with a breast-high scent over a splendid country, with all the pack up, flying like a flock of pigeons, the whole 14 couple could be covered with a sheet. " This is splendid," said our worthy master. The kangaroo now reached Pit field -Plains, and finding himself so hard uressed, also in a strange country, he doubled back for home, and for 20 minutes our game kangaroo ran as straight as an arrow, crossing the Victoria Ranges, then down to the unfortunate tea-tree flat, which he skirted-very discreetly, too, for had he tried it it would have been "all up," for the old gentleman would never have come out alive. He at last reached the Banner of War Ranges, where his trail be came cold, which reduced the pace to a corkscrewy sort of progress, running the hounds, after some time, out of scent. We then put tobacco in our pipes and made for home-the steaming horses and smiling faces were not a bad indication that we were more than satisfied with this splendid run. Messrs. Rowlands, Perrott, Rawlings, Wicher, Tommy Rawlings, jun., also Mr. S. Jones and Ladv Clifden. were un at the finish; the rest of the field nowhere. -Yours, &c.;, SPURS. [Thanks to our correspondent. -SP. ED.] 