KXTRAOItOINAIIY TRIAL IK HUNGARY. A TRIAL is at the present moment taking place at Szegedin, in Hungary, the extraordinary complicated and dramatic history of which is destined to occupy a conspicuous place amongst the criminal records ot all countries and epochs. The individuals involved may be counted by hundreds-their crimes and offences by thousands ; and the first arrests toole place as far back as 18(51). The Lloyd of Pettit gives nn outline of tho case under the title of (he "Procès Sandor" Saudor being thc natue of the chief of a band of malefactors whose depredations and atrocities rendered them the terror of Szegedin and the surrounding district. According to the Pcsth journal, ever since 1860 the inhabitants of Szegedin bad become so terrified iu consequence of the daring exploits of Sandor's band of brigands that they locked and barred themselves in their houses every night at dusk, and dared not venture into the streets even during the day without being armed with revolvers and swordsticks. liobberies, incendiary fires, and assassinations were the order of the day; and the male- factors carried their audacity so far a» to üttack the diligences in tho open day, and in tho very midst of the town itself. For a long time the criminals escaped, while numbers of innocent inhabitants wore arrested on suspicion ; and it was under these circumstances that M. dc linday was sent as a royal commissioner to Szegediu, charged with full powers, and having at his disposition the forces and the resources necessary to put nu end to a state of things so deplorable .ind alarming. M. do Raday soon became convinced that not only Szegedin, but thc whole comital and the surrounding districts were infested by formidable "companies" ot' brigands, whose organisa- tion was complete and their circle of action deliuod. When one of these companies was not sufficiently numerous to carry out a daring enterprise, assistance was lent by the other com Íianics. Two of these bands of brigands, caguod together, not long ago succeeded in entering the cellars of a bank, and in carrying the immense safe into thc street ; they failed, however, in getting it into the cart which they had brought for tho purpose, and found them- selves compelled to abandon their 1 valuable booty. Tho safe was found intact at (ho door of Hie bank on tho following morning, and thu operation had been carried on without any mus's alien (inn having been called tn it, or without any one daring to give lim alarm. After careful and minute inquiries, thc linyal Commissioner fouid, tu his amazement, that a number of administrative ami judicial functionaries wcio acting a» accomplices of tho various hands of brigands-that even the titled lika- bilities of tho district acted ns receivers of tho stolen property. A number of tlicso companies were sonn tracked, and Buvcrnl of the bandits «vere arres: e I and given to justice, lt wa* (lien f'uiiil that tho police agents were in league with the malefactors. At Szagcdin a commissary of police, two judges, four employes of tho Treasury, and -16 detec- tives were arrested as being implicated in tho depredations of the bands. Crimes havo been brought to light wliicli were perpetrated 30 years ago ; and an old mau of 70 was condemned some short time ago for a criino committed when he was 10 years of ago. The novel and pe- culiarly " psycheologienl " system pur- sued hythe royal commissioner in order to I find out tho guilty parties among thc . hundreds of individuals arrested is worth recording. The prisoners were completely isolated from ibo rest of the world during their confinement; and their eves were bound, in order to prevent any conversa- tion by signs usually resorted to by accomplished thieves. " Companions in captivity," totally uuknoivn to them, were placed in tho same cells, who soon insinuated themselves into the confidence of tho prisoners, studied their characters, made themselves acquainted with their secrets, and used all their efforts tobring about a full confession. With regard to Sandor, the royal commissioner him- self succeeded in getting a full and com- plete avowal of his crimes by adopting tactics of a most ingenious kind. Know- ing the great brigand chief to be ex- ceedingly vain of his reputation, and to i be in the habit of looking down upon his j less daring accomplices as mere " pur- loiner of chickens." M. de Raday ordered Sandor to fall upon his knees before his fellow-prisoners - tho small fry of tho band - whose instructions were to reproach their chief with being a chicken-etcaler like themselves. The rute was perfectly successful, the proud Sandor's " honour" was mortally wounded, and the " brigand king " (as he loved to style himself) immediately entered into a full confession of his long series of crime's, as welüis those of his accomplices. The expedient resorted to by thc royal commissioner in the case of nnnther famous brigand, named Jean Bajdor «ras this : Bajdor is known to be extremely superstitious, lie is charged with having committed two murders, and insists upon asserting his innocence. One evening the examining magistrate had Bajdor brought into his cabinet, and iminediate.'y addressed him as fol- lows:-"Jean Bajdor, I cannot Bleep on your ghost : the ghost of Peter Brodri, whom you assassinated, appears before mo every night, and threatens to haunt and torment me until such times as I shall bave put the rope with which you strangled your victim round your own neck." On saying this, the examining magistrate threw a rope round Bajdor's neck, and ordered him to be taken back to prison. At midnight John Bajdor, who had slept soundly, notwithstanding h¡F fifty-nine crimes, jumped up af- frighted, and rushed towards tho door of the prison, crying for help. This was the moment the examining magistrate had anxiously awaited ; he made his way into the cell, when Bajdor confessed not only to having murdered Bodri and bis son, but also to having committed a number of other heinous crimes. In consequence of these dis- closures the two bodies of his victims, with the ropes still round their necks, were discovered. Acting on Bajdor's advice, a number of other prisoners have made free confession of the crimes they committed ; all the malefactors arrested, it must not bo forgotten, arc kept in the utmost ignorance OB to thc charges which weigh against them. On their first examination they were not questioned as to the perpetration of such or such a crime; they were simply asked to give an account of any offence of which they might acknowledge themselves guilty. By this means a number of crimes have been brought to light hitherto totally unsuspected. Au idea of how desirable a place Szege- din must have been to live in may be formed from the following enumeration of tho cns?s which are now being tried before a specially appointed court. When the royal commissioner first arrived at Szegedin, there were 150(5 criminal charges to bo heard ; a little later 500 more charges were made ; and when the royal commission had terminated its duties, 950 fresh cases wero brought to light, making in all nearly 3000 crimes of tho gravest character. Of this total, 1000 judg- ments have already been given, and nearly all these judgments have been confirmed on a peal. The crimes and offences discovered by tho royal com- mission amount to S000. The principal charges aro those of murder, robbery, pillage, incendiarism, &c.; (the cases of robbery aloue exceeding 1000). 