GRIF: A STORY OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. By B. L. Farjeon. CHAPTER XXIIL— Continued. ' In the morning, we dissolved partner ship. I would have likei Silver-headed Jack for a mate, but he thought it a point of hon our not to part from Serious Muggins. Jack did not entertain any suspicions of fonl play, and I did not think I was justified in telling him my suspicions, for, after all, I might have been wrong. It was a pretty common thing for claims to tumble in for all manner of causes. So we parted, and I went to another diggings. ' It was eighteen months before I saw either of them again; I heard ot them at odd times as being now at one place and now at another, but I did not fall in with them. For my own part, during _thi8 time, I was always able to make wages, and was always in hopes oi ranking a rich ' find.1 1 should think a gold digger's life is very much like a gambler's. There is the same feverish excitement about it, and al though you may go on losing and losing, and wasting your time, there is always the chance of a run of luck setting in with the very next deal of the cards. At a new rush, for in stance, while you are sinking your claim, you are always speculating as to what it will turn out; and when you go to sleep, you will dream, perhaps, that you have a nugget as big as your head. Such nuggets have been found, you know. Men at starvation point one day, may be to'erably rich the next. 1 once gave up a claim in disgust, after working at it for two months. Three miners took it up a few days afterwards, and went home with twelve hundred pounds apiece for a month's work. If I had driven my pick two inches further, I should have come upon as rich a patch of gold as was ever found. During those eighteen months that I did uot see Silver-headed Jack or Serious Muggins, I bad only two mates. You will stare when I tell you that one of them was a woman ! and a jolly digger she was! She did as much work at the windlass aa a man. Her husband was my mate, first; but he was seized with a paralytic stroke, and was in bed for a twelve-month. So his wife, like a noble-minded woman as she was, worked for him by day, and nursed him by night. But he got worse instead of better, and she was advised to take him down to the Mel bourne Hospital, if she wanted to save his life. When this occurred, I shifted my quarters, and fell in with my old mates. They were still working together, but they hain't been much more fortunate than they were when we were all mates. They had a quartz claim, now, though, which they thought was- going to turn out splendidly. But a great change had come over Silver-headed Jack. He had not heard of his Lizzie for six months, and he was fretting for means to take him home, to find out the cause of her not writing. In those six months ho had grown a dozen years older. 1 don't think Serious Muggins was very pleased to see me, but Silver- headed Jack was, and he offered me a share in his claim — a sixth it was — if I would join them. It was a pretty fair offer1, for the claim was nearly down to the reef, so I accepted it. Serious Muggins would have objected, 1 dare say, if he could have done so without being suspected of animosity; but the claim wanted a second man at the windlass, and he knew I was a good miner, so he was forced to put up with me. Well, one day, about three weeks after I joined them, we put in a blast and tired it; and when the smoke cleared away, and Jack got to the bottom of the claim, he sent up a bucket of quartz in which we could Bee a good' many specks of gold. We had struck the reef, and it promised to turn out well. It turned out a good deal better than we expected. The quartz was about three feet thick, and we calculated that it would run at least six ounces to the ton. We came upon a very rich patch, too — so rich, that I almost danced with delight when I handled the golden-veined lumps of stone. We raised about forty tons of quartz, aud made arrange ments for having it crushed at a machine that stood hard by. We took some of it to the machine in sacks, and put it, with our own hands, under the iron stampers. We didn't leave the machine until the wholo of it was crushed. The first night we were all together watching the heavy iron stampers, beating down with their one- two-three-four time, and wondering what sort of a cake of gold the forty tons would turn out, £ said that 1 thought there would be at least four hundred ounces. ' ' That will give me five hundred pounds for my share,' said Silver- headed Jack. '1 shall put a good wages-man in the claim, and go home to find out why Lizzie has not writ ten to me. 1 can't help thinking there is underhand work going on.' ''Paha!' said Serious Muggins. 'She's tired of waiting, and has married some one else. You don't think a girl will wait for a man until she grows to be an old woman, do you' I' ' ' I don't know what oirla will or will not ]o,' said Silver-headed Jack ; ' but I know that my Lizzie would wait for me all her life. I am almost frightened to go home, for fear of hearing that something has happened to her. The world wouldn't be worth living in without her.' ' ' Have you written to her !' I asked. . 'Regularly. Only think of my working all these yeacs, and never till now having the means to send for her, and after all not to know if she isjdead or alive ! Jamie,' he said to me, ' if 1 was to hear that she waa dead, I'm sure I should go mad, or something dreadful would happen to me. You cau't think how I've set my heart on my Lizzie !' ' The crushing of that forty tons of quartz took nearly four days and four nights. They couldn't crush them as fast as they do now. Quartz crushing used to cost six pounds a ton, ul that time ; now you can get it done for a pound. Well, it was all passed through the machine, and Jack and I were watching the washing out of the quicksilver. Seri ous Muggins had gone , to the post to see if there were any letters (for the mail was expected), and he was to get us some supper ready by the time we came home with the gold. You may guess we kept a pretty sharp look-out upon the machine rneu as they did their work ; for it would have been the easiest thing in the world for them to have slipped a few pounds' weight of gold and. quick- silver on one side, without our being a bit tho wiser for it. There was nearly balf a bucket ful of the mixture. This was poured, about half a pint at a time, into a large chamois leather skin. The skin is porous, and, upon being tightly squeezed, allows a large portion of the p-rre quicksilver to ooze out, retaining the gold, coated, of course, with quicksilver. It was not until the men came near the bot tom of the bucket that they found how rich was the quartz that had been crushed. The first few skinfuls of quicksilver escaped through the chamois leather like silver water, and there was but little gold left ; but, when we came near the bottom of the bucket, we jumped for joy at finding it was nearly all gold. After all the quicksilver was passed through the leather, the amalgam was put into a large retort and screwed down. The retort was then put into the furnace. When it.was red-hot, the quicksilver begau to rise in the iron tube, which is joined to the top of the retort, and came showering down into the pail of water beneath like a rain of silver stars. I was glad when the shower lessened, for I was half frightened the gold was being spirited away. Then the retort was taken out of the furnace and opened, and there lay the beauti ful gold, changing, in the process of cooling, into all the colours of the rainbow. I wonder if a miser, in counting his hoardings, experi ences the same kind of pleasure that 1 experi enced when 1 saw that splendid cake of gold ! If he does, his rusty old heart must be lighted up by a very delightful feeling. Thfe cake weighed six hundred and twenty ounces, so that the quartz had averaged nearly sixteen ounces of gold to the ton. Not so bad, that, eh 1 Silver-headed Jack wrapped up the pre cious golden saucer in his pocket handkerchief — it was a pretty good weight, nearly halfa hundred weight — and we made our way to the tent. I had my revolver cocked, in case of any accident, I can tell you. When we got to the tent, Serious Muggins was waitiug for us. Jack opened his handkerchief and looked at the gold triumphantly. As for me, I was running over with delight. ' ' Got yea at last, you beauty !' I ex claimed. ' Oh, you sly coquette ! What coaxing you want before you give yourself up ! Jacob didn't work harder* or more patiently for Laban's daughter than we have worked for you. Only think, Jack, of this bright beauty hiding herself in the caverns of the earth, and refusing to show herself until we plucked her out of her miserable home ! Can you imagine a bright-eyed damsel, Jack, sinking into the earth, and we diving after her, until we catch her in the rock which pre vents her escape? Oh, you beauty ; I could kiss you !' ' You see, I am sx bit of a poet. ' ' I will kiss you,' said Jack, lifting the cake of gold to his lips, ' for you bring me nearer to my Lizzie. Hallo, Muggins ! what's the matter ?' '?r»e got bad news for you, Jack,' said Muggins, who had been shifting uneasily about. '' What news?' asked Jack, turning quite pale. ''About Lizzie.' ' ' Well, man, go on.' ' ' She's dead, Jack,' said Muggins, looking as white as Jack himself. ' The mail's in.' ' ' How do you know she's dead V I asked. ' ' I have received letters from home.' 'Jack didu't say a word, but dropped into his seat, trembling, and covered his face. I beckoned to Seriutis Muggins, and we stole out of the tent ; I thought it was best to let Jack fight with his grief alone. I knew what a blow it was to him. He had not been working for himself, but for his Lizzie ; and just at the moment of success, to hear that she was dead — it was terrible ! He was in a terrible bad way about it. As I sat outside the tent, smoking, I heard him talking to him self, strangely. We had left the cake of gold upon the table. ' ' You glittering'devil,' I heard him say, ' why did you lure me away from my Lizzie ? If it hadn't been for you I should never have loft home, and we should have been together now. What would it have mattered if we had been poor 1 Why did I fly from happi ness to you, you false, cruel devil V 'I wouldn't have him disturbed the whole of that night. I knew that all the talking in the wot Id wouldn't ease him. But when I saw him in the morning, 1 rubbed my eyes and thought that I could not be awake. He was sitting upon the bench, with his face rest ing in his hands, staring fixedly at the cake of gold. He had evidently not moved from his seat during the whole night, aud during the night his hair had turned' as white as silver! That was how he got to be called Silver-headed Jack. I tried to rouse him, but the answers he gave me were so vague and wandering that I was airaid he had gone mad. I saw at once that he was very ill, so I ran for a doctor, who told me that my mate had gone in strong for the brain fever. Sure enough, he had, too. We thought he would never have come out of it, and it's my belief to this day, that he never would, if one of the strangest things hadn't happened I I should say it was six weeks after Jack had been struck down. I hud nursed him nil the time (he wouldn't let Serious Mn^gins como near him), and the doctor said he couldn't last another week. How poor Jack ravwd while iu that fever! I wonder that my hair didn't turn white through the frights he gave me ! He used to fancy Lizzie was in the tent with him, and he talked to her so naturally, so.me tirues waiting foi her answers, that often dur ing his pauses, I turned my head, half expect ing to awe Lizzie's white shade at my shoulder. I was sitting at the door of the tent one even ing, listening to Jack's muttering.', for his tongue never seemed to stop. I was very troubled ; you see I liked Jack amazingly, and I pitied him, and could sympathise with hiru, for, as I told you, I had been in love myself. Of course, my pipe was in my mouth. What should wo do without tobuccoj 1 wonder ! Do you know, I think tobacco prevents a good deal of mischief. What used we to nay at school ?-— ' And Satan finds some mischief still, for idle hands to do.' But u man isn't idle when he has a pipe in his mouth ; it is occu pation for him. And you may laugh at me, if you please ; it is elevating too. Men don't plan murder when they have pipes in their mouths. They've got something else to do ; they've got to sinoku and think — and think ing, when you're smoking, is generally good thinking. I could philosophize nn this for an hour, but il'.s trine I finished my story. I will say, however, that I look upon tobacco as a real good friend. ' Well, on this evvniiig, 1 was silting at the door of the tent, when who should I see coming along the gnlly where our tent was pitshed, but a woman. Our tent was nearly at the foot of the gully, and, of couse, there was a hill shelving into it. I saw the woman at the first point of sight on that hill, and it almost seemed us if she came ovtt of the sun light. There were half-a-dozen tents scattered about, and she stopped at one of them and asked something. Imagine my surprise when 1 saw the digger to whom she had spoken point to our tent, aud when I saw her walk ing quickly towards me ! She was a pretty, modest-looking lassie, and had a quiet, solf- possessed air abo.it her, which took me mightily. I was thinking over in my mind all sorts of tiling* as to her, when she came up. My hair stood on an end, and luy knees began to shake, for I had seen the picture Silver-hea'led Jack set such great store on, and this lassie's face so resembled it that I thought I was looking at a ghost. I believe, if I had not been so completely dumbfoundered, I should have run away. ' ' Does John Stavely live here V asked the ghost. 'John Staveley was Silver- headed Jack'* proper name. '?' 'He's living here, miss,' said I, 'and he's dying here.' ' ' My God ! ' she exclaimed, and as she staggered, I caught her in my arms. 'Don't tell me that !' ' ' Who are you V I asked. ' ' My name is Elizabeth Truclovo,' she answered. ' ' Jack's Lizzie V 1 cried. . ' ' Yes,' she said. ' Don't tell me that he's dying.' ' ' He's dying because he heard you were dead,' I said. ' 'Sou aren't dead, are you.' ' ' No,' she said, lioldiDg out her hand. A true woman's loveable little hand — real plea sant flesh and blood. ' ' I think I can see through it,' I said, when I was convinced she wasn't a ghost. 'Jack's vrry ill. If anybody can save him, you can. But don't be frightened when you see him. He is much changed. His hair turned snow white the night he heard you were dead. I've been-his nurse till now. You may as well go in and take my place.' ' She glided past me, and I walked away. I went straight to where I knew I should find Serious Muggins. He was in a concert-room, di inking with a lot of diggers. I went up to him quite coolly and slapped his face. He started to his feet, an J usked me what I meant by it? ' ' You're a lying scoundrel,' I said ; ' and if you don't understand what I mean by the first tap, I'll give you another.' And I gave him another — a protty smart one, this time. ' He was bound lo fight, you see. We went outside, and the diggers made a ring. ' ' Now, mates, I said, as I was tucking up my sleeves (he had stripped off his shirt), ' You all know me pretty well. I have never done a dirty - action in my life, and I never mean to do one. This fellow has done the meanest thing I ever heard of. When I have polished him off, I'll tell you what it is; and then, if you don't think I have done right, you can throw me in the creek, if you like.1 'Serious Muggins fought like a devil. I must do him the justice to say that he was physically, a brave man. But he had tfeen drinking for a good many weeks, and that told on him. I don't think I should have liked him but for that. As it was, after an hour's hard fighting, when I was pretty well done myself, he threw up his arms. Then I told tho diggers the trick he had served Silver headed Jack, and how the woman he had said was dead was nursing my mate »t the moment I was speaking. Jf Muggins hadn't been ly ing nearly lifeless on the ground, they'd have tarred and feathered him. As it was, they declared they would do bo the next day. But the next day he was gone, and I never heard anything more of him. He left a rich claim behind him, and it was out of his share of that claim I bought my first team. ' When 1 got back to the tent, there was Lizzie Truelovo nursing poor Jack as tenderly — as a woman, I was going to say. That would have been a nice bull, wouldn't it? Do you know, that although she hadn't been in the tent two hours, it had got quite a different look in that short time. What a little treasure that woman is ! It did me good to look at her! It appears that Muggins bad inteicepted all the letters; and Lizzie, uneasy at not hearing from Jack, and being sure of his constancy, had come out' by herself, to learn what had become of him. That was faithful love, wasn't it ? I don't think I've any occasion to tell you that Jack got well. He did get well, and he married his Lizzie after all. He gave up hi* own name, and took hers when tkey were married. But although he call 8 himself John Truelove, everybody else calls him Silver-Beaded Jack.' To be Continued. When crossing sweepers cease to touch their hats to you, consider that it is probably time for you to procure new clothes. 