SPIRIT OF THE PRESS. ^ THE AMERICAN VERDICT FROUDE. (Nation, 28th December) r^ 0Nr Mr. James Anthony Froude, the aaltaw. and unscrupulous slanderer of the Irieh r has got his answer in America, and fron,^ lips of an American. Other answers he has got, and some are even now in mJT' of publication. Father Burke had noS' closed his series of lectures in renlv to most reckless falsifier of history and Z venomous of Ireland's foes, than he » taken in hands by John Mitchel, wlm glad to say, has commenced in the column, of the Irish American a series of article, review both of Mr. Froudt's American iJ tures and of his lately published volume "The English in Ireland;" but the which we now more particularly refer to i« that which has recently been given to tha Englishman, in Boston, by the American orator and litterateur, Mr. Wtndell Pbillins That splendid address* will cause a glow 0f honest pride and pleasure to pervade the heart of every Irish reader, mingled with a feeling of gratitude towards the noble-minded and generous-hearted gentleman who hasBO well exposed and refuted the calumnies spread abroad by the English lecturer, and so chivalrously stood up for the honour of the Irish nation. As a trained scholar and logician, Mr. Phillips was able at once to see into and'form a due appreciation of Mr. Froude's method of writing history. He detected in a moment tbe manner in which the Englifhman selected his shreds and patches, and odds and ends of history, pieced them together, and coloured them to suit his purpose. He saw the mail's trick of writing, his unfair shuffling of ma. terials, his various stratagems, as dexterous and just as honest as those of a professional conjuror, planned to lead up to a certain effect; and all this Mr. PhillipB has com. pletely unmasked. The render will obsem, for instance, his exposure of Mr, Froude's manner of dealing with the figures given is various works as representing the population of Ireland at different periods of htr history. Of that population various and widely different estimates have been made ; sometimes it suits the purpose of the English " prestidigitator ". to adopt the smallest ol theae estimates, and he adopts it accordingly ; soon after it suits him to adopt the largest estimate, and then that is adopted. In like manner does he deal with the Anglo-Irish portion of the population ; when a good word ib to be said of them, he is pleased to regard them ag English people ; but when their evil doing! are the subject of discourse, then they are Irish people, filled with all the fcults and follies of the Irish race. As for the Catholic Church in Ireland, he has also a peculiar method of heaping sins upon its bead; it i» to bring in at critical moments references to the alleged atrocities of Catholic rulers in Spain, France, and other countries—as if each of the events to which he makes allusion were not to be judged by its own "historical surroundings, and as if many of them were not, in point of fact, very different things from his representation of them. Again —and this is a most material point, which is fully brought out by Mr. Phillips—Mr. Froude, in his references to the turbulence, the divisions, and the disorders of Ireland at different periods, is careful to leave out of view the condition of other countries at or about the same time. He writes as if all was order and peace, settled government, and calm content In every part of Europe except in Ireland ; " whereas," says Mr. Phillips, "he knew, and would not, if questioned, have denied that the same porerty, the same reckless immorality, the same incredible ignorance which toe attributed to the population of Ireland, Was true of Trance at that day, true of England at the same period, truer still of Scotland at every date that he named." So the American orator, following tbe English lecturer from point to point of hiB discourse!, made full and clear exhibition of the partisan spirit, the unfair mauipulation of facts, the continual suggestion of falsehood, and the absolute dishonesty of purpose that marked them all. No Irishman conld have put forth a more glowing or indignant protest against all these things than'has been uttered by ths eloquent lips of Mr, Phillips, none could hava more fervidly and scathingly denounced the whole course and continuance of England's tyrannical policy in Ireland. " England," he said,has held for seven centuries to the lips of'her sister Ireland a poisoned chalice ; its ingredients were the deepest contempt, the most unmeasured oppression, and injustice such as the world hardly ever saw before. But Providence to-day is holding back that same cup to tbe lips of England, which ha« within a dozen years felt the deep punishment of her long injustice to Ireland." The eloquent speaker then went on to show how England is reduced to the rank of a second* rate Power in Europe by the discontent and the enmity of Ireland, how she is absolutely incapacitated thereby for war with any great Power, and is forced to aobmit.to all tbe slights, rebuffs/ and insults that Aire offered to her. The sword of England, Jje said, has been sealed to iu scabbard by Ireland. Until the Irish question is settled, he declared, England ^can neyer draw a sword ; nntil it is settled there is no nie in English lecturers tfcyipg tp get from America "a verdict that shall be a salve to a conscience that Jias no »»t, haunted by the ghosts of Elizabeths and Henrys that have made the Wood of tbe nee infamous in the -records of history." • p; t. p. .. ' . That salre. Englwd js jiot-^out to get America, The American -! verdict on fue whole esse ii not such.at Mjvfroudeiad hoped to obtain. It is quite of the contrary character, and is very, clearly expressed by Mr. Phillips. He has said :— " The rule of the sword is a failure." "It is my conviction that the American people' will agree with me in saying that when, after seven hundred years of trial, any people cannot rule another except by the sword, they are bound to give it up." " England lias essayed to prove, through seven centuries of blood and massacre, that Ireland is unable to take care of herself, but that die requires an English Parliament to do it for her. I say, I/et Ireland try." There is the verdict of America, delivered on the challenge of the English " historian " and lecturer, and after having heard the ablest plea that could be put forward for the continuunce of English Tule in Ireland. " England is bound to give up Ireland." That is the verdict which Mr.. Froude has gat for ltis country, and which, according to his own statements, he must regard as equal to "twenty batteries of cannon " turned upon the system of English misrule in Ireland. 