TAKEN AT THE FLOOD. A NEW NOVEL. By, the. author op ."Bady. Aedley's : Secret,".'«' Henry Dunbar," &c.; [Published by special arrangement -with the Author, Miss Braddon.] ■ vi Chapter XIV.—The Wreck of A Life The •woman entered with a nervous, I furtive air, as if she were not quite sure ■ whether that dimly lighted .parlor might not be in somewise a trap—which might close upon her to her-undoing. She I looked around the. room curiously— wonderingly—and from the room . she I looked at the schoolmaster. - | " Yes," he said, answering the -look. " It's a change, isn't it 1 Nothing splen did here—nothing' to swell a woman's vanity or feed her pride." ! " The place looks very- poor," replied ' the woman, falteringly, "but I've long been used to poverty." Then with a little gush of feeling she looked straight in his. J face and said, " haven't you one 'kind; word for me, Garfqrd, after all these years?" _ "i " Drop that natriej if you please," he j said angrily.; " Bere Bui .known jas James Carew.- • You could only have | tracked me here by that name."i ; "Don't say tracked you herh, James. | Ii should never, have troubled you if [ there'd been any. other .creature upon j this earth to • whom I could appeal, ifi my distress." . ... . . i • ! .. " What, have you:jused them . all up worn them all out—all the fops and'flat terers who used to swear by the pretty Mrs. Carford ?" . " I want so little, James," pleaded the woman, not replying to this sneer. "I expect so little. % " I'm glad of that," cried Mr. Carew^ " this is no place to foster large'expecta tions. Why, woman, do you require to be told that the utmost I have been able to do in all these years has been to find bread for myself and my child 1 Do you waut words to tell you that, when you see me here ?" ::. r "" He surveyed the room with ineffable contempt; the woman watching him all t , the while with hollow haggard. eyes .and tremulous Tips. ' : : " This room is a palace, James," she said presently, " compared with,the holes that.I have occupied." ' 'f , She seated herself with a shrinking air,, as if doubtful whether the privilege of sitting in that room might not be denied . her—seated herself where the light of one j candle shone full upon her wan face. It was a face that had once been beauti ful; that w;as seen at a-glance, Those large hazel eyes, seeming larger for the holiowness. of-the cheeks, haggard as they , were, had not lost all their lustre; The . delicate features neither years nor sorrow; | had. changed ; yet on all the face there was arstamp of ruin, a decay beyond hope of. restoration. Never again could bloom or freshness brighten that image of de parted beauty; Like a ghost appeared , this woman to the eyes that had seen her j in her prime.. The schoolmaster cbn templated her for a little while thought full}', "then turned away with a sigh. Such decay is sadder than death. Yea ; : she had ; been pretty ; and her face bore a- painful -likeness to another face; now ,;inr rit3 flower of; loveliness. 'Those eyes'were Sylvia's eyes grown old. Those delicate features had the same modelling! • But all the glory of coloring which made Sylvia resemble- a picture'by Titian,-this face.had lost; A pale griiy | ness was its. pervading tint. The loose hair that ' strayed! untidily across the :deeply-lined. forehead (was of the same | faded neutral hue as the shrunken cheek. | If ever flie ghost of beauty walked this 1 earth, this was that sorrowful phantom— a shade , which; seemed; >to1 say to youth aud loveliness, " Behold how fleeting'are your graces !" ; ; : A history of woman's decadence might have been written from thi's woman's dress The flimsy gray silk gown,, worn at every seam, stained and smeared with'the dirt of years—the: wretched rag of a shawl which had once called itself black lace, but was now the color of thegrassin Hyde Park 1 after a hot summer—the bonnet, a thing compounded of scraps from a milliner's rag bag—rtlie gloves, last sacrifice to ' civilization, shrunk with exposure to bad weather till they could scarcely cover even -those wasted hands. Genteel penury I had.reached its ultimate limit, j " How did you find me ?" asked Mr. Carew, after a pause, during which the woman had watched his face closely, trying to read hope there. ' : * : \- " Mr. Miles, the cashier; met me in Holborn one day, and seeing me so poor asked me why I did not apply to you. He had seen you in the church here one day when he had come down for a week's fishing in this neighborhood, and he re membered you. He told me., that you seemed comfortably off, and might help me a little. This happened quite three years ago. I did not want to come to you, James. I.kpew I had no right. I waited till starvation drove me here." "Starvation," cried the Schoolmaster. " If you had enough money to pay your journey down here, you must have been a long way off starvation." ! "A few shillings did that. I came by a cheap excursion train to Monkhampton. I borrowed hhlf-alsovereign! <from my landlady—a good.soul, who has been very I patient with me"' > ^ ' '' Your frietid would have done better to keep her money. I have not ten shil lings to give you. Good heavens ! is there no corner of the earth remote enough to shelter a man from the eye of the world ? To think "that follow Miles should spy me out even here !" I & ":He_.: spoke quite; kindly < •«£;"%• you, 'James." j.. ' " Curse his (impertinence ! What right had he to-mention; my name ? To ybu of all people !"'' i , " Oh,: I know I:had nocright to come to you," said- the woman, with abject humility. " There is no pity, no forgiva [ ness—at least, none, on earth—for a wife ■thathas once wronged her husband.": > "r M y Once wronged !" cried Jame3 Carew, witHintensest bitterness. " Once wronged ? why, your life was one long series of wrong against me. If it had been but your falsehood as a,-wife—well, there are men whose philosophy is tough enough .to* c-hrJi;'V » »5veviess ! I dcn't ov f •»«>»? that, had jour one. crime been your flight" I "Withr^bat ;acoundrel, ? tiiffe might have "taught ffie'to'think less hardly of you." Worms: are said to turn when trodden" en. A curious Bparkle glittered in Mrs. Carford's.-wan. eyes ; her lip, curled with irrepressible scorn.. - ^ " My crime, served as a set-off against yours, James," she said quietly.. "But for "that,: you might have stood iff a felon's dock. " But for that! Mr. Mowbray could not "afford to'prosecute the husband; of the woman he seduced, for the error of which her-extravagance was the chief cause." • : " My extravagance ! Oh, James, don't be too hard upon me. Who was it most loved show and-splendor, and prided himself on his hospitality, and was never satisfied unless life was. all pleasure 1 Who was.it that belonged to half-a- dozen clubs, rwhere. one might. have . sufficed him ? - Who attended every race meet ing, 'and 'won and lost money so fast that his'bewildered brain lost count of gains and losses ? My extravagance indeed 1 What was a dressmaker's bill [against settling-: day at Tattersall's, or the price of an' occasional box at "the opera against a run of ill-luck at Crockford's ? And," how' Was I'to know that we were li.ving'beyond our income when"I 'saw you spare notlling to gratify your own fancies ? I knew you were only a salaried manager invthat great house, but I knew your /salary was a large one, and' that- you occupied' a position of influence -which your father had held before yqu. What was I but a school-girl when you married me; and'what Experience had I to guide me ? Do you think I should, have been reckless if you. told me'the truth; if you had only been, frank and confessed that w&jvera; oh the brink of ruin.? tha fry off had falsified the accounts of the house, and-lived in hourly fear of discovery' ■' -"Confess to you!!' cried the husband; scornfully ; " confessed to a doll that only lived to be dressed and uiade -pretty. Where was I to look for a heart under 'all your-finery ? No,-J preferred trusting to the-chapter of accidents rather, that to such "'a wife as you. "I thought I might tide over my difficulties.- The deficiency : was large'j but one great stroke of luck on the turf might have enabled me to make things square. - I went on hoping in the face/of r uin/ till one day I went to my. office to find a .strange accountant going 'through my .books ; and came back to my house a few hours'later to discover that my wife had eloped with my.employer." " That guilty act saved you from a con vict's cell," said the woman. . At the price of ' my'" dishonor," answered the schoolmaster.- '" The same night brought - me a Tetter from my*| betrayer — the honored; guest at., my; board—the innocent victim, of my fraud; as 1 had - believed him—informing me that • my defalcations "had been long sus pected, and had iiow been proved with mathematical exactness by an examination of the books. The letter, curt, and without signature, informed me further that the house would spare me the disgrace of a prosecution off conditioff that I withdrew myself from, the commercial .world/and r^ frainedfrom any future attempt so obtain credit or employment in The city of Lon don. Of the wife he had stolbff front me' the villain who penned the letter said nothing.;").-:. j-:/ There was: a pause—James .Carew stopped, exhausted by passion; which ffas-;| not the less intense because he-held it well in check. " ' r". f ' " What -was I to .doT Submit -tamely to my dishonor, or follow the scoundrel who had stolen my; wife ? If I followed him, if I,asserted .an injured husband's rightofsatisfaction; he would? bring my 'defalcations, ."against ine. ' I Had, signed his name to bills; for my own advantage. He could denounce me as a .forger: I had kept back moneys^that ought -to- have come to him. He could charge me.with theft. Yain to say that 1 meant to re deem the bills—that I Iibped, to'.':replace the money. Thething was done." • He paused again, breathless, and wiped the drops from his forehead. . The very memory of those days .revived the old passion. "I dreaded the felon's fate. But I was a man, and not a worm. So I fol lowed you and your seducer—found you, after a long "hunt, at Lucern. How could such guilty souls face the sublimity of nature ? Mowbray behaved a shade better than I could have hoped; We fought, and I wounded him, and left him in the arms 'of his valet in a. little wood not five hundred yards from, the hotel where I found you both, I came back to England, •wandered about aimlessly for a little while; carrying Sylvia with me, always expecting to be ' arrested ; and finally came down here penniless. I found the post of village schoolmaster vacant; applied for it, and after a little delay obtained it; with no better recom mendation than' a bearing which my patrons were pleased to think'that of a gentleman. That is" "the sum of my history.- Yours, I-doubt.not,.can boast more variety." ' "Only the varieties of sorrow and remorse, James," answered the wife; with a heart-broken: sigh..;; "I was not so guilty ; so lost to shame a3 you5 deem me. The burden of my-siniweighed heavily upon me. I pined for my Child. I felt- the.sharp sting of dishonor. Grief made me a dull companion, and tho.day came when'Isaw weariness in the face that, had once, known only smile3 for me. ' I felt then? that the end was near. My sacrifice had won.happiness.neither for myself ffbr the man who "stiH professed *fb"Iove me. We wandered about -the r.ContinenV-till he grew tired, and talked of going back to England. I was heartsick of' those garish. I foreign,.cities, but;.the., thought* of return-" ing filled me with horror.'. I should; see people I had known—people .who knew my story. I told-him my dread,- and for the first* time he answered: me -with a sneer.. 1 There's not much/fear of your friends necognising y ou,'. he said. c You forget how changed you are.." , T looked in my glass a little while afterwards, and saw how t'ruly' lie 'had spoken. My beauty was gone." ; // ? " And.soon after this mutual discovery, your lover left you, I suppose," said Mr. Carew. • :r- ; " No, that last shame was spared me. .Heft him.: I felt that the chain dragged' a^dkeLiriti all itB^errort;; ! could Hirdly have found courage to tell my--"wretched story to a pastor of ' my ow-n faitb2. but there was :a -good old priest whbi, sang mass at a little chapel in the Tyrol, where he had wandered—an old man whose .* a*?® promised pity. I went to him, and. told him all. He hade me consider that if 1 wished to reconcile myself to offended heaven, my first act must be. to leave the path of sin. I told him that I was penni less,, but: that I thought if I could- get to one of the great cities of; Germany 1 might obtain employment as a governess, or travelling companion;; _in Bhort some situation where acknowledge of languages would be valuable. The good old man lent me a few pounds, enough to take me to Leipsic, and'support me there while I - looked about me. Just at first fortune,, Beemed to favor my efforts, and I thought heaven was reconciled with. me. X ol> tained a situation in a school, to teach English, French, and Italian. The pit tance was small, but my chief needwas shelter. Out of that pittance'I contrived to: repay "the good priest's loan, and clothe myself decently. All went well with - me till.in an evil hour, after I had been three y years, at the school, /and. had won the principal's good word by my industry,-one- of my old friends brought; ■ a ■ pupil ^ to the Bchool, a woman who ,had~adpoired, my l^ce and jewels) and: shared niy opera-box, and a dozen other pleasures. She saw me, re cognised ihe wreck, of her former acquain tance,-and told the principal my story— not too gently.. I was dismissed that day, and had to begin the world, again, without a character and without a friend. I need not weary you with the rest of my story)-.,Ind'eed I have; not -strength to tell. it. Enough that I have lived. I have- -hung; t on - to the ragged; edge of society, been daily1 governess in 'poor neighborhoods, danced in the ballet, at a theatre;oh the Oity;Itoad, gone out'as a dressmakeffsdrudgeatfifteenpence-aday —but though often iace-.to" "face-With starvation, I have neverapplied to Horace Mowbray for help." "I.read; his'; marriage, in the papers some years agbr-'-said James Carew, " a great marriage,-- one" that must have doubled his fortune.;: I suppose he is a millionaire now 1" : . f ... ~ " Mr.. Miles told me that he is very rich," answered the woman, with:a Bigh. " He seemed to wonder at-.my rags.."-' . " And not to give you. credit; for your penitence," said her husband, with his cynical laugh; ; " This worlffia; pot a good place for penitents." " " " James," said the woman, with a sudden appeal,." will you" give me some thing to eat. I am -faint with hunger. I have had nothing bqt a, penny hiacuit all this long day." - '; i " WeUj Til give" you a '"'meal.;Y ou dori,t.:ask to see your daughter-^ queer kind of mother." . , " I don't want her to see me,5 .said, the woman, shuddering.. " Heaven knows hovr my heart aches at th.e thought of her; but I couldn't face' her in these Couldu't you I* exclaimed the school master then you 'mustn't stay here. -This house is not; -large enough to keep people apart. It; isn't like our snug little box at Kilburn, with its -drawing-room, iind boua'cur,;'' and; sm"okingrrbqm, and .-yq?i-iwaui! .•som.etsipg-.to eat, Sylvia must bring it.". n-J - .> . "-pqfiqi.lek-'h'ojrllmo^-'tvhff-I-Mi, said, the: mo titer,. trembliiig, and turning with a shared iobkedltoSvhrds the' door: " S.he. shall know; nothing, unless she. has been listening-all the time ; which is not impossible;" ; He opened the door leading into the kitchen, and; called Sylvia. The staircase led out of this room, and at the sound of her father's voice Sylvia came, fluttering down the stairs. But it was just possible that light footstep might have only a minute beforejtscended. There was: a pale, unquiet look-in the girl's face, but she said not a word. " There is a half-famishod wanderer m there," said her father. "Bring her whatever you can find for supper." Sylvia opened her little larder, and - produced the carcase of a fowl, a spifap or two of bacon, some cold potatoes, aid a loaf. She spread a napkin on astray, and set out these viands with a neatness which wa3 habitual to her-—even though her hands trembled a-little as they perf ormed the task... Then, with that tray in her hands she went into the parlor* - r The wanderer looked at her,..and' she at the wanderer ; both faces with, something awful in their expression—as flesh and blood may look ,at;a. ghost. . Auff jbdeed each saw a phantom in the face -of the other. One the spectre ef the past^-the other the shade of the future. "This is what"I .was," thought the mother. "This is. what T may be," said the daughter. ' ' ' ; ^ — „. Sylvia set the tray down before the woman, looking at her all the while with a half-shrinking curiosity. Thatpalewan countenance, where' all color seemed effaced by'gray spectral shadows, was so terribly like her own. - - She beheld her own lineaments, - with all "their--beauty vanished'. . " What," she "wondered, "is beauty so dependent on color and fresh ness and youth that?, though jihe lines re main, all is lost when youth is gone." She remembered Mrs. Standen's hand some middle-age. The fine face in its matronly repose, the clear bright eyes, : ahd .the ripe bloo.m_.of„the cheek, .. " Gare:is the destroyer .of beauty," she thought, 'faod notiTimei-nGoffMe^P me from such" a life as. my mother'3." To bc continuid.] \- ■ -:The sfcatQ of; the Port Bridge is cer tainly such .that some means should be at ones ! taken 'to - ensure, the. safety of the public in passing to the transpontine regions. During 1 the early years of its existence, thsro wnsby no means a great traffic over it, but of late it has I ao viucreaaed, and,. tliQ tutnble-do^rn. fabno become ,so dilapidated, that. the only -matter of _surp:ise - is,- that "some serions accident ., has not already -occurred. It is not - Very long : bauk that one of a pair of splendid carriage horses jamped over the rail into the foot-pah allotted to-"pedvi 't-iana. On Wednesday .the aotion of the tide beneath the .approach.on, the - Peninsula bank wahbed .aw'ay; some fret of jthe rpad. ^eaving an'-aperture; of. considerable, proportion; Too muoh stress oannot be. laid ■ on ,the. urgenoy of \- , «r»,1 • so^.e .early steps -_Fbr>u]d. be' taken 