THE FINAL UPSHOT-. • (From the Argosy.') •Of all the gloomy" houses any body ever stayed in. Captain Sanker s was the worst. Nothing but coffins coming into it; and all of us stealing -abouton tiptoe. King Lay m the room where he -died. There was to be an inquest: at which the -captain was angry. But he was so excited and .w-rowful just then as to have no head-at all. It was enough to make him. Three carriages .full-of us, on the Tuesday morning, expecting to have a day of charming pleasure on the Malvern ••Hills m the July sunshine, went we !—no more thinking of death, or any other catastrophe, than if the world had never contained such ! And poor Ring! rpoor lame King, whose sickness made him more helpless than were we strong ones,^nd who only on the previous Saturday :bad been, plucked out of the fight, in Diglis Meadow and -been saved—King must fall asleep on a dangerous part of the hill and roll down it. and come home to die ! '' Better King than any of the rest of you, 1 ' cried Mrs. Sanker. more than once, in her dreamy way, and with her eyes dry. for she seemed tired of tears: he could never have done hattle' s withthe^world W'ydu will'have to do it; and he was quite ready ,|oi?. heaven," Instead of going home'with our people the day after the death, as Tod did, I had to w ait for the Inquest-.. ^When the'beadle (or whoever the • officer might be (he had 1 golct cord on his hat aud whiteribbed stockings >>elo\v his breeches).came to Captain Sanker's to make inquiries the night of the death, and heard that I'had been first up -with King after his fall, he said I should have to! -give e^dence. So I stayed on with them—--much to my Uneasiness. If I had thought the Sahkers queer people before, I thought them queerer now. Not one of •the boys tad girls, -except Fred, cared to go alone by the door of the room were King lay. And, talking of King, it was not until I saw the name on the coffin-lid that I knew his name was not King, "but Kingsley. He looked as nice and peaceful as auy dead lad with a nice face could look; and yet they were afraid to pass by out- -side. Dan' and Euth were the worst. I did not wonder at her, she was a little girl; but I did at Dan. Fred.t-oldme that when, they were chil- -dren a servant had used to. tell'them stories of ghosts, and dreams; and banshees; Hetta and he were too old' to be frightened, but the rest had taken it all into their nature. I privately thought that Mrs. Sanker was. no better than the fool of a servant, reciting to them her dreams -and ghost stories. Kiug'died oil the. Wednesday afternoon. On Thursday "afternoon an inquest took place. It was held at the Angel Inn, and Mr. Robert Allies was the foreman. Boys don't give evi- •dence on inquests every day : I felt shy and uncomfortable at having to do it; and perhaps that may be the reason why the particulars so remain on my memory. The time fixed was three o'clock, but it was nearly four when they -came down to look at King :. the . coroner explained to the jury that he had been detained. When they went back to the Angel Inn we followed'them—Captain Sanker, Fred, and I. All kinds of nonsense ran about the town. It was reported that there had teen a fight with the Frogs at Malvern Hill, during which King had been pitched over. This was only laughed at by those who knew how foundationless it was. Not a shadow of cause existed for supposing it to have been anything but a pure accident. The coroner and jury sat at a long table -covered with green baize. The .coroner had his •clerk by him ; and on either side Mr. Allies sat Captain Chambejlai^anrl'Mi:: Allcroft. 1 Dr. Teal and Mr. Woodward were-present, and gave the medical evidence in a most learned manner. BeJuced to plainness,' it meant that King had died of anlnjury to the head. •\Vheii.my turn came, what they chiefly, asked me was; whether I had seen or heard any quarrelling with 8t. Peter's boys that day at Mal- vern- None whatever. I an s wered "W =as I quite sure of that?^pursued one—it. was Ms. Allcroft. I«aid not think t-heye Tiad been. oi\ could haves' Jieen. "I repeated : we and the charity sboys Tiad kept apart all day. ;Then another of 4he jury, Mr. fetone.-putsjsome questions, aud then Mr. Allen—I thought they- -were never going to believe me. So Itsald it was the contrary of quarrelling, iand told of Captain Sanker s giving on<3 Of them half-a-cro wn because he had been kind to King on Saturday, and of some of the boys— all-who had -not cone .£onie,ui, the first. isan—• huing helped us^Jro look for King at lught.l Aftertheyhad turned me inside t>ut, the coroner" could say that these questions were merely put "for-form's -sake and-for 4he--Batisffl€tion~~of- the-- public, . „ r , • When the,Svituessies were dpne Hvith, c the ioroner spoke to the jury. I suppose it jvasjiis "clia^er^t™seemM'alT^ said; the poor littleTameiiboy had slipped and fallen. The probability was that he had dropped asleep too near the edge of the perpendicular bank, and had either fallen over in his sleep, or in the net of awakiug. He,"the coroner, thought it must have been the former, as no cry appeared to have been made or heard. Under these circumstances, he believed the jury could have 110 difficulty in arriving at their verdict. The last word, verdict, was. still on his tongue -when some commotion took place at the end of the room. A working man, in his shirt sleeves anda leathern apron on, was pushing in through the crowd at the door, making straight for the table and the coroner,. Some of the jury knew liim for John Dance, a glove-cutter at a quaker gentleman's manufactory hard by. He begged pardon of tin: gentlefolk for coming, amid 'cm abrupt,like that, he said, just as he was, but something had hut now come to his hearing about' the poor little, .boy who,had died. It made, him fear he. had not.fell .of .himself, but been flung over, and he had thought it his duty to come and tell, The consternation this suggestion created, delivered in its homely -words, would not be easy to describe. Captain Sanker, who had been sitting "against the wall, got up in agitation. Johii. Dance was asked his grounds, and was entering into a long rigmarole of a tale when the coroner stopped liim, arid bade him simply s ay how it had come to his own knowledge. He answered that upon going home just now to tea from his work, his son Harry, who was in St. Peter's School, told him of it, having been sent to do so by the master, Clerk Jones. His son was with him, waiting to be questioned. The boy came forward, very red and sheepish, looking just as though he were going to be hung. He stammered and stuttered in giving his answers to the coroner. The tale, told was this. His name was Henry Dance, aged thirteen. He was on the hill, not very far from St. Anil's Well, on the Tuesday afternoon, looking about for Mark Ferrar. All on a suddeh lie heard some quarrelling below him ; aomelxjdy seemed to be in a foaming passion, and little King, the lame boy, called out in a flight, " Oh don't, don't! you'll throw me over.'-' Heard then a sort of rustle of shrubs— as it sounded to him—and then heard the steps of some one running away along the path below. Couldn't see anything of this; the upright bank below prevented him; but did see the arm of the boy who was running as he turned round the corner. Didn't see the toy; only saw his left arm swaying; he had got a greeu handkerchief in his hand. Could not tell whether it was one. of their boys (St: Peter's) or one of the College boys; didn't see enough of him for that. Didn't know then that anything bad had happened, and thought no moreiabout it at all; didn't hear of it till the next morning ; he had been in the first van that left Malvern, and went to bed as soon as he got home. The account was listened to breathlessly. The boy was in a regular fright while he told it, but his tones and looks seemed honest and true. " How did you know it was King Sanker's voice you heard?" asked the coroner. " Please, sir, I did'nt know it," was the answer. •'• When I came to hear of his fall later. I supposed it must ha' been his. .1 didn't" 1 kuowany» body had fell down,; I didn't hear no cry." " What time in the afternoon was this 7" " Please, sir, I don't know exact. We had our teas at lour; it warn't over long after that." " Did you recognise the other voice 1" •'' STo, Sir." " Was it one you had ever heard before 7" " I couldn't tell, sir ; I wasn't near enough to hear or to catch the words. Kiug Sanker spoke last, just as I got over the spot." " You heard of the accident the next morning, you say. Did you hear of it early 7" " It was afore breakfast-, sir. Some of them that waited for the last van telled me ; and Ferrar, he telled me. They said they had helped to look for him." " And then it came into your mind that it was King Sanker you had heard speak 1" Yes, sir. it did. It come right into my mind, all sudden like, that he might have been throwed over." " Well now, Mr. Harry Dance, how was it that you did not at once hasten to report this ? How is it that you have kept it in till now 7" Harry Dance looked too confused and frightened to answer. He picked at the band of his cap and stood, first on one foot, then on the other. The coroner pressed the question sharply, and he replied in confusion. Didn't like to tell it. Knew people were saying it might have been one of their boys that had pitched him over. Was afraid to tell. • Did say a word to Mark Ferrar; not much ; Ferrar wanted to know more, and what it was he meant, but didn't tell him. That was yesterday morning. Had felt uncomfortable ever since then, wanting to tell, but not liking to. This afternoon, writing their copies at the desk, he had told Tom Wood'art, who sat next him ; leastways, he had said the college boy had not fell of hisself, but been'pitched over; and Tom Wood- 'art had made him tell it to another boy, Collins ; and then the two had went'-'iip and telled their master, Mr. Jones ; snd Mr. Jones, after calling him up ^o ask ftboiit it. had ordered him home to tell it all to his father ; and his father said hie mustocome and tell-it here. " - The father: John Dance, spoke up again to confirm this, so far as his part went, He wias so anxious it should lie told to the gentlemen at once: he repeated, that he had come out just as he was. not stopping to put himself to Tights in auy war. The next person to step forward was Mr. Jones, in his white cravat and black clothes. He i stated, that the b«vs. Thomas, Woodward and , James l;ollme.;had made this %trangfe pommuui- | ''catiOii'to him. L'poir-which'- he- hay" questioned | Dance; and at once despatched him home to ac- j •<j«aint-his- father. .— -— • " What. sort of a boy is Harry Dance, Mr. J Jones-?"-inq\iimed the coroner.; A truthful boy? ! —one to be depended on ? Some boys, as I !j:iIj "aafiSay 3^TMoiv7«5S6'"'eapS>5ftfdf romancing"!n the most unaccountable manner : inventing lies by the bushel." "The bov is truthful, sir ; a sufficiently good boy," was the reply. " Some of them are just what you describe: but Dance, as far as I | believe, may be depended on." j " Well, now, if this is to lie credited, it must i have been one of- St, Peter's boys who threw the |J deceased over," observed a juryman at the other • end. " Did you do it yourself, Harry Dance ? Stand straight, and answer." ! " No, sir : I shouldn't never like to do such a jI Gowanlly thing,'' was the answer, given with a burst of fear—if the look of his face might be trusted. " I was not anigh him." " It must have been one of you. This is the result of that'tight you two sets of boys held on Saturday; You have been harbouring malice." "Please, sir, I wasn't in the fight on Saturday-. I had went oyer to Clains on an errand for mother." : , " That's true," said Clerk Jones. " Dance was not in the fight at all. As far as I can ascertain, there was no ill-feeling displayed on either side at Malvern; no quarrelling of any kind." And Captain Sanker, who was standing up to listen, confirmed this. " The natural deduction to be drawn is, that if the deceased was flung over, it was by oue of St. Peter's boys—though the probability is that he did not intend to inflict much injury." observed one of the jury to the rest. " Boys .are so reprehensibly thoughtless. Come, Harry Dance ! if you did not give him a push yourself, you can tell, I daresay, who did." But Dance, with tears in his eyes, affirmed that he knew no more than he had told : he had not the least notion who the boy was that had been quarrelling with Kiug. He saw none of the hoys, St. Peter's boys or College boys, -about the hiLl at that time ; though he was looking out for them, because he wanted to find Ferrar : and he knew no more than the dead what boy it was who had run away, for he saw nothing but his arm and a green handkerchief. "Did you fiud Ferrar after that?" resumed the coroner. " Yes, sir ; not long after. T found him lookins for me round on the t'other side o' St. Ann's Well. e way—on which side of St. Auu's Well situaved the spot where you heard the quajrciY" •• Ou the right hand side, sir, looking down the bill, said the boy. And by the stress laid on the \- down, I judged him to be given to exactness. " I know the place. If you take a sideway path from the Well bearing down'ards, you come to it after a bit. It's shady and quiet there ; a place that nobody hardly finds out," " Did you say anything to Ferrar, when you foiind him, of what you had heard ?" " No, .sir. I didn't think auy more about it. I didn't thiuk any harm had been adone," " But you <jid mention it to Ferrar the next morning T' " Yes, sir." " What did you say V " I only said I was afeared he might have been throwed orer. Ferrar asked me why, but I didu't like to say no more, for fear o' doing mischief. It wasn't me," added Dauce, appealing pitcously to the jury. " I'd not have hurt a hair of his head : he was weak aud lams." " Is Ferrar here ?" cried the coroner. •'•' We must have him." Ferrar was not there. And Mr. Jones, speaking up, said he had seen nothing of Ferrar since the previous day. He was informed that he had taken French leave to go off somewhere—which kind of leave, in point of fact, he added, Master Ferrar was much in the habit of taking. But where has he gone ?" cried the coroner. You don't mean he has decamped ?" " Decamped for the time beiug," said Mr. Jones. " The probability is that he will put in an appearance in a day or two." Not one of the jury but pricked up his ears ; not one, I could see it in their faces, but was beginning to speculate on this absence of Ferrar ; s. The coroner was staring straight before him, speculating too : and just then Fred. Sanker said something in a half whisper. " Ferrar was with my brother King at the spot where he fell from. As far as we know, he was the last person who ever saw him alive." " And not here !" cried the coroner. " Why is he not 7 Where does the neglect lie, I wonder ? Gentlemen, I think we had better send round for his father, and ask an explanation." In a small town like Worcester (small iu comparison -with great capitals) the inhabitants, rich and poor, mostly know one another, what they are, and where their dwelling is. Old Ferrar lived within a stone's throw of the Angel; he was a china painter, employed by the Messrs. Chamberlain. Somebody ran for him ; and he camc': a tidv looking man iu a good coat, with grey whiskers and grey hair. He bowed civilly to the room, and gave his name as Thomas Ferrar. As far as anything connected with what took place at Malvern he was iu total ignorance, he said. When his son Mark got home on the Tuesday night, he had told him that Captain Sanker's little boy had fallen down a part of the hill, and that he, Mark, had been one of those who helped to find,him.. In the afternoon of the same day tbev heard thelittle lwy had died. "AVlierc is your soil'?" aaked ttie 'eorotier. " I am not sure where he isj" replied' Thomas JTerrar'4 "When I and his [brothfcr gpt-^home from the factory on - Wednesdays evening, my daughter told'me 'Mark had gone off again. Somebody had given Mm ihalf-a-crown, I believe. With that in his pocket, he was pretty sure to go oil on one of his roviugs." " He is iu the habit of going oil', then ?" " Yes. :SiV, lie lias done it ou occasion almost ever siiace;he.fepuld riiu alone. I used to leather -him we'll for It, but it Avas of no use ; it didn't stop It. It's his only fault, Barring that. he'B j-as-good and - upright a lad-as anybody -need have." " Where does he go to ?" " Always to one of two places : to South 'Crabb "or to his grandfathers at Pinvin. It's generally to South Crabb, to the Batleys, who are cousius of my late wife's. They've got boys and girls oi' Mark's own age, and he likes to be there." " You conclude then that he is at one of these places now ?"' "Sure 1o be, sir : and I think it's sure to be South Crabb;- He was at Pinvin a 'fortnight ago ; for I walked over ou the Sunday morning, and took him -with me. Mark is of a roving turn; he is always talking of wanting to see the -world. I don't believe he'll ever settle down to steady work at home." " Well, we want him here, Mr. Ferrar ; aud must have him too. Could you send after him, and get him here by to-morrow 7" " I can send his brother after him, if you say it must be. The likelihood is that he'd come home of himself to-morrow evening." " Ay, but we must have him here in the after- ! noon, you see. We want to hear what he can | tell us about the deceased. It's thought that he | was (he last person with him before the fall. ! And. gentlemen," added the coroner, turning to the jury, " I will adjourn proceedings to the same hour to-morrow—three o'clock." So the inquest was adjourned accordingly, and the room slowly cleared itself. Very slowly. People stood iu groups of threes and fours to talk to each other. This new evidence was startling : aud the impression' it made was, that oue of the Frogs had certainly throwu down Kiug. The green handkerchief was mentioned. Coloured silk pocket handkerchiefs were much patronised by gentlemen then, and the one used by Dr. Teal that day happened to be green. The doctor said he had missed his handkerchief ..when they were down at the Abbey before tea, but could not tell where he had left it. He found it in the room at St. Aun's when they got up again, and supposed it had been there all along. So that handkerchief was not much thought of : especially as several of the Frogs had green neckerchiefs ou, and might have taken them o£E iu the heat. That a Frog had flung King over, appeared to be, to use the coroner's words on another part of the subject, as plaiu as a turnpike. The Saukers, oue and all, adopted it as conclusive ; Captain Sanker in particular was nearly wild, and said bitter things of them. Poor King still lay in the room, and none of them, as before, cared to go by the door. It must have been in the middle of the night. Any way, it looked pitch dark. I was asleep, and dreaming that we were sorting handkerchiefs : all colours seemed to be there but a green one, and that—the one beiug looked for.— we conld not find, when something suddenly woke me. A hand was grasping at my shoulder "Halloa! who's there?" " I say, Johuny, I can't stop iu my bed ; I've come to yours. If you mind my getting in, I'll lie across the foot aud get to sleep that way." The voice was Dan's, and it had no end of horror in it. He was standing by the bed in his nightshirt, shivering. And yet the summer's night was hot, " Get in, if you like, Dau; there's plenty of room. What's the matter with your own bed 7" " King's there," he said in a dreadful whisper, as he crept trembling iu. " King ! Why, what do yon mean ?" '' He comes in and lies down in his place just as he used to-:do," shivered Dan. "I asked Toby to sleep with-me to-night, aud Fred wouldn't let him. Fred ought to be ashamed; it's all hie ill-nature. He's bigger than I am, one of the seniors, aud he never cares whether he sleeps alone or;not." " Belt,-.Dan, you should not get these fancies in your head about King. You know it's not true." " I tell you it is true. King's there. First of all, he stood at the foot of the bed and looked at me ; aud then, when I hid my face, I found he had got into it. He's lying there, just as he used to lie, his head turned to the wall." " To begin with, you couldn't see him—him or anyone else. It's too dark." " It's not dark. My room's lighter than this : it has a bigger window : and the sky was bright aud the stars were out. Anyway, Johnny, it was light enough to see King—and there he was. Do you think I'd tell a lie over it 7" I can't say I felt very comfortable myself. It's not pleasant to be woke up with this kind of thing at the top of a house when somebody's lying dead underneath. Dan's voice was enough to give one the shivers, let alone his words. Some stars came out, and I could see the outline of the furniture:, or perhaps they had been shining all along ; only, on first awaking the.eye is not accustomed to the darkness. " Try and go to sleep, Dan. You'll be all right in the morning." To go to sleep, seemed, however, to be far enough from Dan's thoughts. After a bit of uneasy turning and trembling—aud I'm sure any one would have said his legs had caught St, Vitus's dance—he gave sleep "up as a bad job, and broke out now and again with all kinds of detached comments. I could only lie and listen. Wondered whether he should be seeing King always ?—if so, he would rather be dead. Wished he hud not gone to sleep on that confounded bench outside St. Ann's Well—mieht have been at hand near King if-be had not. It;was thai; beastly bottled, .lie flint made him. Wis)mil lx>ttled ale had not been invented. Wished he could wring .Dauce's neck—or Ferrar's~or that Wood'art's, whichever of the lot it was that bad -struck King.: Knew it was one of.the three. "What on earth, could have -taken the .Frogs to Malveru that day ?—"Wished every Frog ever bora was banged or drowned. 'Thought it must be Ferrar—else why had the fellow decamped ? Thought the whole boiling of Frogs should be driven from the town—-how dared they, the insolent charity beggars, have their school near the College boys ? Wondered what would be -doiie to Forfar if it,.was proved against him'? Wish- edit. had been Ferrar to fail down in place of King. Wished it had'been himself (Dan) rather than King, Poor King!—who was always so gentle —and never gave offence to any of them—and was so happy .with his hymns and his fancies and.his poetry !—nud had said " Lord Baieman" for thcin that (lav when told to. and—and— At this thought. Dan fairly broke down and sobbed as though his heart were, breaking. I felt uncommonly sorry for him : he had been very fond of King, and I was sorry for his superstition. What a mistake it seemed for Mrs. Sanker to have allowed them to grow up in it ! At three o'clock the next, day the inquest met again. The coroner and jury, who seemed to have got thoroughly interested in the ease now. kept their time to a minute. There was much stir in the neighbourhood, and the street was full before the Angel Inn. As to Frag Lane, it was said the excitement, there had never been equalled. The report, that it was one of St. Peter's boys who had done it. went cchoing everywhere ; nolx>dy thought, of doubting it. I did not. AVatching Harry Bailee's face- when he had given his evidence, 1 felt sure that, every word he said was true. Some one had ilung King over': and that sonic- one, there could bono question of it, was one of those common adversaries, the Frogs, if King must have gone to sleep that afternoon, better that he had stayed by Dan and slept there, and so have been at hand to protect him ! or, that some of us. had stayed. Mark Fcrrar had turned up. His brother fouud hiin at South C'rabb. He came to the inquest in his best clothes, those he had worn at Malvern. 1 noticed then, but I had not remem- bered it, that he had a grass-green neckerchief on, tied with a large bow and ends. His goodnatured, ugly, honest face was redder than ever as he stofcd' to give his evidence. He did not show any of the stammering confusion that Dance had done, but spoke out with modest selfpossession. His name was Mark Ferrar, aged nearly fourteen (and looking ever so much older), second son of Thomas Ferrar. china painter. He had seen the deceased boy, King Sanker, at Malvern on Tuesday. When he and some more of St. Peter's boys were coming down the bill they had met King and his party. King spoke to him and told his father. Captain Sanker, that he was the Frog—the College boys called them Frogs—who had picked him up out of the fight on Saturday to save him from being crushed : and Captain Sanker thanked him and gave him balf-a-crown to spend in Malvern cakes. Master Johnny Ludlow was with the Sankers, and saw and heard this. Did not buy the Malvern cakes : had meaut to, and treat the rest of the boys ; but dinner was ready near the foot of the hill wheu they got down, and forgot it afterwards. After dinner he and.a lot more boys went up another of the beacons and down ou the Herefordshire side. They got back about four o'clock, and had bread and butler and eider for tea. Then he and Harrv Dance went up the hill again,, taking two ways, to see which would be at St. Ann's well first. Couldn't- see Dance when he got up, thought he might be hiding, and went looking about for him. Went along a side path leading off from St. Ann's ; 'twas sheltered, and thought Dance might be there. Suddenly heard himself called to : looked onwards, and saw. the lame boy, King Sauker, on the walk, and some chairs and glasses on a table. "Went 011, and King asked him to sit down and began talking to him, saying he had had t*> say " Lord Bateman" before them all. He, Fenar, did not know what " Lord Baternan" was, and King said he would say it to him. Began to say it ; found it was poetry verses; King had said a good many wheu he broke off in the middle of one, and told him to go then, for they were coming. Did not know who "they" meant: did not see or hear anybody himself, but went away accordingly. Went looking all about for Dance again, found him by-and-by on a kind of plateau on the other side of St. Ann's. They went up the hill together and only got down again when it was time to start for Worcester. He did not go in the first van ; there was no room ; waited for the second. Saw the other party starting ; heard that some one was missing; found it was King ; offered to help to look for him. Was going up with the rest past the Unicorn, when some people met them, saying they'd heard groans. Ran on, and found it" was King Sanker. He seemed to have fallen right down from the place where he had been sitting in the afternoon, and where he, Ferrar, had left him. Such in substance was the evidence he gave. Some of it. I could corroborate, and did. 1 told of King's asking that Ferrar might go up to him the next day, and of his promising him "Lord Bateman," which he had got by him, written out. But Ferrar was not done with. Important questions had to be asked him yet. Sometimes it was .the coroner who put them, sometimes one or another of the jury. " Did you see anything at all of the deceased after -leaving: him as you have described, Mark Ferrar?" ~ '• No, sir. I never saw him again till night, when we found him lving under a part of the hill." "When.you quitted him at his bidding, did you see any boys abeut, either College boys or St. Peter's ?" " No, sir, I did not see one. The hills about there seemed as lonely as could be." "Which way did you take when you left him ? " -. - - - - "Iran straight past- St. Ann's, and got down to the part that divides the Worcestershire beacon from the next. -Waiting for Dance, I sat down oil the slopb and looked at Worcester for a bit, trying bow much of the town I .could make out and how mauy of the churches, and that. As I was going back toward St. Ann's I'met- Dance." " What did Dance say to you ? " " He said be had been hunting for me. and wanted to know where I had hid myself, audi said I'd been hunting for him. We went on up the hill then, and met some more of our boys : and we.stayed all together till it was time to go down." " Did Dance say that he had heard sounds of quarrelling?" " No, sir, never a word." " What communication did Dance make to you on the subject the following morning ?" " Nothing certain, sir. Dance went home in the first van, and he didn't, hear about King Sanker till the morning. I was saying then how we found him, and that he must have fell straight off from the place above. Dance stopped me, and said was it sure that he fell—was it sure he had not-been pushed off ? I asked why he said that, but he wouldn't answer." " Did lie refuse to answer ?" " I kept asking him to tell me, but he just said it was only a fancy that came, to him. He had interrupted so eager like that I thought he must have heard something. Later, I asked Master Johnny Ludlow whether he had been pushed off, but he said no. I couldn't get it out of my head, however." , "What clothes did you wear, witness, that day at Malvern?" ''These here that I have got on now. sir." " Did you wear that same green neckerchief" " Yes, sir. My sister Sally bought it new for mc to go in."' " Did you take .it.off,at 31alvern " No, sir." "Not at all?" " No, sir. Most-of them took their handkerchers off at dinner, but I didn't." "Why did you not?" For the first time Ferrar hesitated. His face turned scarlet. (To In continued in our next.) 