WESLEYAN METHODISM.—No. VI. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. SIR, —I feel it is due to myself to say that I have no sympathy with the views or the spirit of the letter of “A Local Preacher of Twenty Years Standing.” For my part I am disposed to think that the Wesleyan ministers are the ablest preachers which the Church has seen since the first centuries. And as 1 have always understood, so far from regarding it as a re proach, that Methodism has gone to the people par excellence for her supply. It is her boast that she has found in the mine, on the cobbler’s stool, and in all the walks of humble life, many meu of loftiest genius, whose brilliant oratory and profound erudition have been such as would grace the pulpits or professorial chairs of any Church iu Christendom. No, no, Sir ! We want, and must have, certain changes; but X at least can join in no depreciatory remarks as to the attainments or social position of the ministers. I believe in both the one and the other; they will, as a whole, compare favorably with those of any other church. And as to the soi dvsanl bullock-driver, if it be a fact, which I question, that he was thus honorably employed, in this land of all places, that should be no reproach; whereas the gentleman aimed at is a minister who stands in the very first rank of his profession and is the pride and boast of all Wesleyans, and whose bonhomie and true nobility of soul should have saved him from such a thrust. I am sure “ Local Preacher” has done him self a great injustice by his letter—a case of liver, I suspect, not heart! Of course I am gratified to find that “ Local Preacher” endorses the views I am put ting forward, and, more so, that they are generally endorsed by the more intelligent of our people, although some of them ask, cui bonol to discuss the question at present, and are rather scandalised that so good a thing should appear in the naughty secular press. O, Mr Editor, you and your class are wicked secularists, and the good people still :isk, “ Can auy good thing come out of Nazareth ?’’ But to pursue my theme. I stated in my lust that 1 acknowledged the pastoral claims of our ministers. I am not very clear as to the justness or propriety of doing so, ior it may be a question how far itinerant ministers can be pastors. But 1 grant it fully. Yet I cannot allow them to bo the sole pastors of the Church. I am prepared to recognise them as the chief pastors, and would give them the pre-eminence in all the assemblies of the brotherhood. 1 would apply to ministers generally, and to superintendents of circuits in particular, the language Bishop Emory employed to illustrate the relation existing between bishops and presbyters—“ Being vested,” says he, “ with official superiority in the government of his fellow- ministers and the churches, and jet being intrinsically and inherently but a presbyter among presbyters, though occupying the first seat and the first official degree, both iu dignity and authority; as the Speaker of the House of Commons iu Great Britain, who, nevertheless, is still inherently but a commoner among commoners.” I have no sympathy with the idea of degrading the ministers in any way, unless they deem it a degradation to recognise in the local preachers and leaders 00-pastors. This, its I understand it, is the true- campus Icllorum between the ministers and people of Methodism. What we rebel against is the high priestly pretensions which are made in behalf of the .pastoral office, more especially the “ collective pastorate,” as the conference is sometimes euphoniously termed. The Wesleyan ministers claim the absolute right to rule; duality in all things rests iu them. It it true that certain concessious have been made from time to time which have mitigated and softened these lofty claims, and rendered them a little more palatable. The rough edge has been taken off, but it is there still, and the power is in the same hands. For example, the ministers at first in the early history of our Church claimed the sole right to receive into and expel from the Church.' That right has been waived thus far, that no member can be expelled tbe Church unless the leaders’ meeting find him deserving of ex pulsion; but still the power of expelling is held tena ciously by the minister, and he is jealous of the power, and will not share it with the leaders. I can give you acase in point, which occurred not very many years back in this circuit. A woman, a member of the Church, who was not only charged with “flay ran lissima fluyilia ct adulteria," but had been unhappily surprised in the actual violation of the Bth Commandment. A leaders’ meeting was summoned to tiyher; but for some-cause the minister did not come to his appointment, and so, according to Methodist law, such meeting could not bo held. The leaders, however, some of whom were local preachers, and most of them meu of years and experience, deemed the case so flagrant and dishonor ing to the Church, that it was imperative to take immediate action; consequently they dared upon the unconstitutional course of holding the meeting in the absence of the minister, and there and then expelled the woman, and had it duly recorded in the minute book. At the next meeting, the minister being pre sent, when the minutes were read, he took exception to this action of the leaders, and refused to confirm them, unless the meeting would rescind the resolution of expulsion, but the leaders.had just a little too much self respect to stultify themselves after such a fashion, and so the matter stood until another meeting, when the same minister, a*.young man of a few years* standing ; —some five or sis—was present again, and stated that his instructions were that that resolution must be rescinded. The phalanx was firm, the trans gressors were obdurate, and no one would move such a resolution, whereupon the young gentleman took a pep and cancelled the resolution by his own lordly ministerial prerogative, and perfectly right according to Methodist law, for the minister-is the fountain, of power. When the leaders have found the person guilty, then, the law says, the leaders’, meeting has discharged its whole part of the painful duty to be performed, and the case is left in the hands of the superintendent. On him devolves in his pastoral character, as the person whose peculiar call and pro vince it is to watch over, that soul as one that, must give an account, the sole right and duty of deciding on' the measures to be adopted towards the offender. Ac cording to this doctrine a leader is an - anomaly—a machine called to do certain work, but to it is attached no responsibility. He has to watch over souls, but he has no “ account to give” of them. A rather curious principle, if applied in every, day life. 1,, in com mon with most men, conceive that the work creates the. office, not the office the. work. And so it is throughout every branch of Methodist arrangement; the presence, and sanction of the minis ter are absolutely necessary to give validity to every act. Neither a leaders’meeting, nor a trustee meet ing, nor a Sunday-school teachers’meeting can bo legally held in the absence of a minister, and when held under his presidency they can pass no resolution and give effect to it without his sanction! Here is a law from the statute-book of Methodism, enacted in 1796, ahd;l do not thiuk that it is possible to express: the. real spirit of the Methodist conference more. ' truly. -“ Let no man nor number of men in our con nexion, on any account or occasion, circulate letters, call meetings, do, or attempt to do, anything new till it has beeu first appointed by the. conference.'” Now - this species of absolutism is au anomaly in the pre sent day, which must: cease. Cau anything worthy of the name of liberty co-exist under such laws ? True it is not enforced, but it exists, and is held in terrorem over men’s heads. Great exception has beeu taken to my statement, that the ultimatum rested* with the ministers as to financial matters. That statement has been charac terised as a gros’s perversion of the truth. -And the quarterly meeting has been instanced as a triumphant confutation of the statement. But it is not so, as I understand it, and I must reiterate the statement. The quarterly meeting, it is true, has a certain control of the purse; for instance, it can just determine what amount of stipend the minister shall receive, and whether he shall have a horse or not; but the quarterly meeting has no power to refuse to provide a house, and to furnish and keep it furnished, and to-supply all the wear and tear, from cracked tea-cups to bed liuen, Sc, c. And not only so, but there are Hie con nexional funds; the quarterly meeting has no voice over those funds; it must supply them; and no super intendent of a circuit has a right to pass the accounts of the quarterly meeting if those moneys are omitted. You have a case in point at Ballarat East; that circuit refused at one of their quarterly, meetings to pay the children’s fund, but what has been the result ? Why, they have shrunk from the consequences of their act, and have either paid or agreed to pay it. They had no option. If they persisted in their refusal they would have to be excommunicated. So that I repeat the ultimatum rests with the “ collective pastorate.” If .a quarterly meeting determines that it will pay this, and leave that unpaid, the conference steps in,’ and says no. You must pay these funds, or you are no longer Methodists. Some anxiety has been felt as to what I have to say about lay representation. I have not lost sight of it, but have been travelling in a some what circuitous route towards it from the outset. Has' not the conference granted it? and should not that satisfy every reasonable man? Possibly, but the misfortune is, that so many people are unreasonable, I am disposed to think that the, conference, in doing so, have done more than they intended to do, aud will seek to neutralise the boon by limiting the actiou of the - people’s representatives to mere finance and the secularities of the Church, while the so-called spiritual interests of the Church shall be dealt with by the pastorate. Of course, this may prove to be unchari table surmise, and the report of the committee may prove to us that the ministers are prepared to admit the laymen to a full participation in all the business of the conference. If so, I for one shall be dumb-founded with gratitude aud as tonishment. But, for my own part, • I have been iu search of a principle of representation that would be as little revolutionary as possible. The veriest tyro in Methodist polity must know that the admission of laymen pure and simple is so diametri cally alien to the genius of Methodism, that to sanc tion it would be to effect a radical revolution. We are constantly reminded by high conferencists, that Methodism, like another celebrated ism, “changeth not, it only grows.” No change, but development. I have, I repeat, been iu search of a principle that should admit representatives of the people, in a man ner as little opposed as possible to the genius of the system. This, I conceive, is found in the co-pastorate of the local preachers and leaders, and the recognition of their right to have a voice in the legislation of the Church. There are two principles or theories as I understand it, *as to church government—the one -government by the people, the other government by the. spiritual officers of the Church. . This latter is the principle recognised by the Wesleyan Church, But-it has confined all the power to one class, that of the itinerant ministers; the other spiritual officers, local preachers and leaders it has most uuscripturally always treated as mere laymen. I see no mention iu tho New Testament of the laity iu the churches, we only meet with mem bers and office-bearers; there is no objection to the term laity that I see, as it is distinctive between office-bearers aud the private members, but I never find that the private members had any voice in the government of the Church, although they were evi dently present at the deliberations. Acts xv., 22, 23. This, then, is my position: I recognise iu the local preachers'aud leaders of tho Wesleyan Church, tho New Testament elder, the presbyter, the bishop of Paul’s epistles. If they are not this, then what are they? Men called of the. Holy Ghost to preach the Gospel, and who are entrusted with the care of souls, surely cannot with any consistency be regarded as laymen. Or are they an original creation of officers, formed upon no type. Anew genius, having no species, an unique, an original kind. Men called into existence to do certain specific work, but freed from all the ordinary responsibility attaching to such work, and debarred from the exercise of all the rights and privileges pertaining to the office, the work of which they perform. Such is the logic of their po sition; but it is untenable, it is a fallacy, and must be abandoned, and their true position acknowledged and all the rights, immunities, and privileges of that’posi tion accorded to them. Allow mo,- Mr Editor, to ex press my warm acknowledgments for the liberal space you have favored me with. — Yours, &c.;, Wesletax. P.S.—I have not deemed it necessary to notice “ Justice” at all, although his bad temper aud disin genuous, . not to say dishonest perversion of my statements merited chastisement. Perhaps it would be uucourteous to a gentleman who has felt the force of my letters so strougly to leave him utterly in the shade of “cold neglect.” If, then, I survive the tem pest he is reserving to hurl at me when all my work is before him, I will, with your permission, say a few words in reply. 