RESUMPTION OF FREE IMMf \^::.\\- GRATIOK. MEETING IN THE TOWN HALL. '? A Very 'largely a1 tended meeting of citizens was held w. the Town Hall, on Monday evening, August 25, to consider the. question of the re sumption of free immigration. _ His Worship the Matob *(Mr. A. H. F. Bar tels, J.P.) occupied the chair, and at the begin ning o£ the proceedinjis said there could be no bnht that a strong addition to the poj ulation of. the colony was much to be desired, bat the way in whioh such an addition was to be ob tained was a matter for careful consideration. We lost hundreds and thonsandsof pounds under the old system, a»d the adviaableness or other wise of returning to it was worthy of Ihought ful attention. (Hear, hear.) Mr.JoHH CiAEK said he had hoped the time had gone past when it would be necessary for. him to oppose immigration at the public expense in South Australia. '? ( 3ear, hear.) Many of them recolleoted that in years gone by -he combated the principle of free immigra tion, which he looked upon as one of the most oDnoxions ever adopted in rany civilised community.; (Cheers.) It was stated in the Victorian . Parliament the other day by the Hon. Geo. Higinbotham that he did not believe -out of ' benighted South A ustralia that a single individual ;crald be got insane enough to promulgate such an idea ; but he {Mr. Clark) had hoped that .even in this benighted country no one would have had the hardihood to come forward and promulgate *he doctrine.. (Hear, hear.)7 He was sure all would agree with himiriien he said that -the beneficial effects of tke cessation, of immigration; at the public ex penBe had been marked in an extraordinary degree., (Cheers.) The present agitation for free immigration was simply the result of the selfish and grasping deBire-of the few to add to their wealth at the expense of the many. (Sear, .-hear.}. The resolution he had to propose w&s-V;' That this meeting h of opinion that the Course pursued by the- Government in telegraphing to -the Agent-General for the re sumption -of free immigration without the sanc tion of Parliament is a violation .of constitu tional usage, and ought, not to have -been approved of by the House of Assembly.' (Cheers.) He pointed ont that, according to constitutional principle?, the control of the public purse was in the hands of the represen tatives of the people, and, that being so, he contended that ia the action of the Government there had been a most flagrant breach of con stitutional usage ; but, bad as the conduct of the Government had been iu ttds matter, what were.itheyrtoBay; to their representatives who approved^, such a disgraceful violation of heir -ooHBtitu^ional privileges ?- (Sear, hear.) Ou^^'Of.a .House of 36, only four members prptesWd against the course pursued by the Government. W hat were they to say to, their city representatives,, who were returned on the .understanding that;. they would oppose free im migration I And what were they to say; to the representatives of East Adelaide, who disgraced themselves by leaving the. House, and not voting at all— not even pairing ? ' He branded them as traitors in the first instance; and as cowards;in the second. (Cheers.) There were some other people who, in days gone by, spoke strongly against free immigration, who used to say, *'.We once ; belonged to you,?' and who obtained, their- present position by their prefeBied -.opposition, to the principle; mt ,'dnriBg the past six mpBtns they had -been advocating th« resumption of/ im- m'gratien at the public expense. Amongst these persons was Mr. William Townsend, who had' chaffed him because he had not been able to get ail the labor he wanted; but in. his opinion it was much better that that should be tne. case than that people should want work, as they did two years ago when men rushed the. Treasury. (Cheers.) There was a scarcity of (labor just, now,, but supposing the harvest, through any cause, 'should prove a failure, what would become of the men, supposing they were introduced into the colony,, that the farmers said were required? (Hear, hear.) Instead ' of hundreds being wanted, . hundreds now In employment would be in want of work, and would not be able to obtain it. (Cheers) At tha present time the Pulpit, the Parliament, and the Press were against labor, and- the fact said very little for the Christianity of either the one or the other. (Hear, hear.) He con sidered the present system, as to land and immigration, a delusion and a snare. Land had not realised more than 3s. 6d. per acre ; fer if they deducted from the proceeds the amount expekded on roads, bridges, &c.;, they would find that the residue was very small indeed. The present system had the effect of concentra ting wealth instead of diffusing it, which he took to be wrong in principle. (Hear, hear.) He believed if fair wages w,ore paid labor would present itself lor: employment, and this had been shown to be' the case on Yorke's Peniasula, where, two years ago, there was a great ontcry for labor ; but since the mines had been in a flourish ing state, and the earnings 'of the miners had isoreased, there had been a constant influx of miners from the other colonies. (Cheers.) An Adelaide labor-agent had placed in his hands a letter from Mr. J. G. Chandler, . of Melrose, in which that gentleman said— ' The I- orth is full of men, and if the farmers give proper wages, they will have plenty of hands for any harvest?' (Cheers.} He was very pleased to see that the meeting at Saddle worth was against free jib mi gration. ; A -gentleman, present at that-meeting ascertained that, although . 200,151 acres of land were represented there,, the total man absorbing power was only twelve men. (Laugh ter and' cheers.) fctJader these circumstances, was it not absurd, that jsuch men as Mr. Heard should go to the Government and clamor for free immigiation? (flear, hear.) A farmer present at the, Saddle worth meeting, he was bold, allowed four swagrmen, to go on their Tay because he would not give them ISa. per week. A. liberal rate of wages was all that was wanted to -induce population to come to this colony. To show that the colony had received beneflt from the cessation of free immigration, he would quotesomenguresobtained from reliable sources. The population inl860 was 124, 112, which num ber was increased in 1862 to 135,329. The number of marriages in i860 was 5,568; in 1862, J6.075 ; ^and in 1863, 5,966. There were 93 convictions in the Suprem.3 Court in 1859, but in 1862, with\an increase /-f 13JI09 in the population, the number was only 61, or a de crease of 50 per' cent.' The amount to the credit of depositors in the .Savings' Biak in 1860 was £88,889 19s. 4d., but at the close of 1863 the amount was £189,143 ils. 91. In 1859 tbe amount of loans on mortgage w&s; £416,139 2s. 9i., £54,745 5v 91. being upon city broperty alone; while in 1832 the amount fell to. . ,£2«5J31 2s. 7d., and that on city; property to £24,195 5s., so that in three years private indebtedness was reduced by £210/408 0s. 3d. The namber of writs from the Supreme, Court was in 1858, when immigra tion was in fall swing. 1,401, the amount re presented being £54,369 j while in 1863, after the cessation of immigration, the number was 594, and the amount only £9,449. In 1858 the number of insolvencies was 105— Iiabi'itie3, £283 514.; and in 1863 the number was 151 — liabilities, £85,300 3s. 3d., or a decrease in amount of £198,713 16s. 9J. The amount for charitable institutions in 18J0 was £17,363 7s. '7d., and in 1862, £14,366 5s. 41.; and for relief to the poor, iot in those establishments, the amount in 1860 w*s £7,309; and in 1862, £4409 10s. lid. . Those figures conclusively showed that the cessation of immigration at the public expense was to the advantage of the community* ' (Cheers.) Mr. Councillor Weight said tne immigration question was a very important one, and every man should think for himself upon it. It had been decided in the House that its resumption was not needed. A former Government had been broken up on the question and yet the present Ministry took upon it self before - the assembling of Parliament to send away fpr two shiploads of immigrants. Evidently noses had been counted beforehand. (Laughter.) Some members said. 'Oh, it's only £5,000,' but that was not the question : it was the principle which was involved. (Hear, hear.) Several letters had appeared ia the papers with regard to the subject of immigra tion, and he noticed one. writer proceeded on the argument that we were in debt to the Land ( Fund to the extent of £300,000, and were liable to pay it. That speaker forgot that we had got into debt to the extent of nearly a milUon to benefit the farmers. (Hear, hear.) Mr. J. C. Ebat, M.P., upon rising was re ceived wilh a sto'm of hisses and groans. His Worship besought the meeting to give the speaker a hearing, but in vain, the noise continuing with unabated vigor. Mr. John Clabk would ask them as Britons to give Mr. Bray 'a hearing. In supporting his resolution he had fouud it necessary to attack that gentleman, and he would point out that the movet'had the right of reply, and he pledged himself to use this right. (Applause.) Mr. Bbat was thankful f-r Mr. Clark's courtesy, and he was only sorry that pitching into members seemed to be more popular than the quoting of statistics^ He was not there as a member of Parliament, but as aratepayer, and he had a right to speak so long as he did not weary them. In making an explanation with regard to his action in the House, he would point out that th« House met on the Frida- when nothing but formal business, consisting of the reading of the Governor's Speech, ap pointment of Committees, and so on, was transac ed. On the following Tueeday, the reply to the Governor's Speech was read. He was on the Committee which prepated that reply, and he was very careful on the subject of immigration: He knew the feeliog of the Chief Secretary on the matter,' and he said if the reply was not silent- on that point h.3 would not remain on the Committee. ?? All the reply stated was, V Your House will do all that may seem necessary on the question of immigration,' tbuB pledging the House to nothing. (Sear, hear.) On Wednesday the Chief Secretary, made a Ministerial explanation, and iu the course of it stated that the Government had telegraphed to the Agent-General to send out two shiploads of immigrants. ('More shame for them. ' ) He said the same, and reference to the leading newspapers of the following day would prove that one of .the members for the Port and himself were tbe only persons who expressed their objection to the ? course the Government had pursued. (Hear, hear.) He said then that the Ministry had- to right a day or two before the House met to Bend home for free immigrants in this way, and that they should bave consulted the House upon the point; and he was confident the greater proportion, or at:least a large majority of the members, would have been found voting against it. (Applause.) What he hid stated- was strictly corree!t,-aud a fortnight; afterwards, when the money was ex pended, he believed he was nearly the only one who raised & protest against it. The same day that he opposed it there was a full House, nearly every member was present, and they allowed the .Government a fortnight's adjourn ment, . Umring tnat time tne -flgent-uenerai at home was taking steps to get these immigrants out. Then, however, it was too late jto vote against the question. The credit jof the colony . was .: pledged, and they could noi go behind, their pledged word. (Hear, hear, and some disapprobation).' He contended. that .the Ministry had acted im properly, and they might depend upoii it, if the question was brought forward again, he should be found heart and bouI against it. (Applause.) He was not prepared to uphold the Ministry in ibis, and if he had only been supported when the question - first came on, the action .which had been taken would never1 have' been taken. ( tf ear, hear.) One of the reasons, given by the late Commissioner of. Crown Lands for resigning was that he could not agree with free immigration. They would find, upon reference to the records, that he (Mr. Bray) moved the motion upon which the clause relatiag to free immigration in the late Bill was struck out. (Hear, hear) He agreed with the resolution which kai been moved, and he thought it was a very hasty and ill-considered act on the part of tbe Government to send home as they did f-r immigrants. ( ipplause.) If immigration was needelat all it was certainly npt needed at present. He saw from Mr. Hum's labor market report, published in a recent paper,, that— ' Considering the great demand for labor, the supply has been very satisfactory. Many per sona who have been hired -are men recently arrived from Melbourne, Sydney, and New Zealand, they having doubtless found their way to Adelaide m consequence of work being plentiful and wages good, (Ap plause.) As long as they had abundance of work and fair waged they would not need to send home for immigrants. The Ministry had intimated its intention t- pub down a large sum for immigration. He should certainly ob ject to it. (Mr. Mortlock — ' Who would sup port it?' Laughter.) Mr. Mortlock perhaps. (Mr. ilortlock— ' No he won't.' Laughter.) He was glad to hear it, and he hoped other members would be equally as independent and sensible. (Applause.) Mr. -McDonald supported the resolution and condemned the action of the Government, saying they ought not to remain in office a day longer. Members made a great noise over a question of privilege but 'an -important ques tion they overlooked altogether. The working men should unite and protect their own in terests. Ueferring to Mr. Heard, one of the farmers' deputation, he said that gentleman had never been an industrious mechanic nor a good laborer, or he would never have spoken as he did. With regard to Mr. Everard, he thought if that gentleman stood for any of the 18 districts on universal suffrage he would never be returned — (hear, hear, and laughter) — aud yet he hold a position in the Ministry. (Shame.) His Wobship said he had been desired to mention that Mr. J. M. Solomon, one of the members for West Adelaide, would have at tended that meeting if he had received an in vitation. ('Oh dear, what a pity. he didn't,' and laughter.) Mr. CLiBK, in reply, said while Mr. Bray's explanation on the question of immigration, was a good one,- the action he had taken was, to his mind, unsatisfactory. . . The motion was carried almost unanimously, there being -only two dissentients. Mr. Matthew Goode was glad to_be present to express his opposition to free and indiscrimi nate immigration. He believed it was necessary to increase the population, but certainly not at the expense of any particular .class. He would movej_' That in the opinion of this meeting the principle of free and Indiscriminate immi gration is opposed to sound political economy, unjust in its operation by protecting capital at the expense of labor, and past expetience has prove! it to be uns'uited to the wants of South Australia.' Instead of immigration under the old system being DoH\ic and economical, it, was pro iuctive of extravagance in the worst shape, for they all knew that thousands of pounds were spent in introducing immigrants here, who, as soon as tKey landed, left for more desirable spheres. (Laughter, and hear, hear.) Some had said that land was bought under the telief that 10j. in every jibund of the purchase money was to go for the introduction of labor, and that to divert' the money ^csumu'ated under that understanding into1 a foreign channel was cutting a covenant, but it was desirable to cut covenants sometimes, and he Wondered they had stood it so long as they had. It was only because they had been iodirectly taxed ; and properly speaking that Land *und should have been applie ' to other purposes, and so kept their taxes down. (Hear, hear.) Although he ad mitted that a large number of very estimable people had come out under the immigration re flations, still ho believed the practice of bringing out shiploads of immigrants had an immoral tendency — (hear, hear) — and that it had been of serious injury to the colony. The agents at home had not selected sp carefully as they might, and ia many instances they took a very inferior class of persona. The confinement of 300 or 400 pwsons on board a vessel for thr*.e months was pre judicial, and in many instances it led _ to harm. The principle of indiscriminate im migration was unjust, not only to the man who bought land to cultivate it- as in many in stancss the proper labor for agriculture was not introduced, but also to immigrants, as in several cases men had been induced to leave fairly com fortable employment at home to come out here under the impression that they would be batter ing themselves, and then had found that they ooul J not get suitableeinployraent. (Hear, hear.) To bring out unsuitable labor waa a suicidal policy for a colony, but if the Government brought out such labor they were bound to find the laborers employment at something. ( Hear, tear ) The question then came, how were they bo get t-n if they didn't have laboi?'(' t ive young men good wages, and let 'em get marrier1.' Laughter.) That took too loDg a time. His idea was that if employers wanted labor they should import it. The Government might provide an agent, and .certain conditions on the iart of the employer' and the employe' should be agreed to, bo that there would ia a responsibility — on the one. band to itudy the workman's interest, and oh the -ther to study the1 master's interest. He lid mt Be, either, why the farmers could not lo the same thing. The m.n might pay his -wn passage-money and bind himself ' for two rears, and if he failed to^ serve, his passage coney should not be returned to him. (Ap ilause.) . Mr. KOBEBTS seconded. He had hoped they lad heard the last of Government immigration, rod that the ghost of Wakefield was laid. Originally half the Land Fund was spent on im nigration ; then a third was devoted to that )bject, and then the system was done away with. It was very well to say we wanted im migration, but first we Bhould km w that the people in. the colony are doing well. ' Mr. Fabb, if he thought population was to induce labor, would say we did not want im migration. He would keep wages here as high is in the other colonies. Mr. Goode was an lidnest speaker. He said that employers want ing . immigrants should engage to keep them ' through the year. He employed as many Laborers in a week as Mr. Goode did in a year, and Mr. Goode's profits were, as- -muoh in a week as his in a year. (Great laughter.) Mr. Bray said we wanted assisted immigration, but did not say' how we were 'to get it. (Laughter.) : Oar members were mere delegates. (Uproar and laughter. ) They j ust did what was chalked out for them. . Mr. Fbt rose to oppose immigration, amidst uproar and laughter. (' Let him get the steam . Up '—laughter, and 'Bravo.') He opposed immigration. ('How did you get here ? ' — uproar and laughter. ) He was sorry to hear the last speaker say he was in favor of immigration. (Cheers.) When they said'it was not to reduce » ages, they spoke falsely. (Cheers and laughter. ) He knew that sort in other parts of the world, and if they talked that way tiere they would be kickedby the shoe end. (Loud cheer'*and uproar.) The land was the gift of the Almighty, and tjbe Government had no right to take the. land and 9p11 it to bring out labor. (Cheers and laughter.) [The speaker here went into a detail of his experiences, which]was listened to with atten tion, broken by cheers, laughter, ' and beca-' sional Bofee,: -till- the' spsech lasted too long, when the meeting became impatient.] He said the farmers only employed men during harvest, and exhorted the electors only to put into Parliament men who. would support what was right. - . . ? . : - Mr. Skethewat supported the resolution. If tHey looked in that evening's paper they would -Bee that in Ballarat . hundreds and hundreds of men were ' doing nothing, and would gladly come here to do our great farming work, and then 'they could go back again, for there would be nothing- for- them to do here. (Laughter and cheers.) Merchants might as well ask Government to bring them iron for building as farmers ask for labor at public expense. Men without a penny in their pockets trying to farm would do the -country great mischief, and the working men would suffer most. They had never had a larger meeting, and that showed the working men were in' earnest. The deputation* who asked for immigration wished to reduce the price of labor., (Cheers ) He was assured that a re spectable farmer never needed laborers. (Oheers.) He knew we had not popula larion enough . to be. prosperous— ('Oh, plenty ) — but it was no use bringing population unless our capitalists were more enterprising. If we had factories it would be different. If we opened the door to * such an unconstitutional principle as Government Immi gration, he did 'not know who was to shut it (?Jreat -cheering.) Mr. S. Baphabl held that the Government had nothing to do with bringing out la^or. A respectable builder that evening said, why should he bring out labor? He would belike those cockatoo farmers who cried out for labor. (Cheers'and laughter.) Had we not two Bank Managers 'in the Government, we should have heard nothing of that cry. ('Jhi and cheers.) 'They had to fatten their clients, and it suited them to beggar the colony. (Cheers and laughter.) They had had enongh of the old system, as men knew to their sorrow, who had been in the Stockade for asserting their rights. (Great- cheering.)- There was no greater tyrant to tho poor man than Mr. Everard. (Cheers and noise.) Look at his countenance. (Great laughter.) He was one of the would-be 'colonial aristocracy, who would trample on the poor man. A farmer said to him he wanted a man, ' Wanted a man?1' said he (Mr. Kaphaei), 'and you ask fpr thousands.' (Cheers and laughter.) The Government and Parliament should wait till the people asked for more population. Mr. Bright once moved a resolution against having Bank Managers in tho Ministry, and now he went into a Government with two. (faughter and cheers.) What could they expect from BTinli a Ministrv ? fLaushter and cheers.. They all knew what a kindhearted man for the pror Mr. Glyde was. (Laughter and cheers.) The Government said they must carry out what was begun ; but ho said no. There was the telegram to bring out the scum of hell. (Prolonged laughter and cheere.) They could use the tele graph ,to stop what had been begun. When they got down into that smoking-room, where so much brandy was flying about, they forgot themselves.' (Great laughter and cheerp.) Mr. Everard could do what he liked with that fat boy in 1' Pick wick.' (Tremendous laughter.) Then when they got hold of a young new-fltsdged member they chucked him under the chin and said, 'What a nice boy you are.' (Great laughter.) He knew members who said, ' Well, I intended to turn this Ministry out, but they are such a d^ ? d nice lot of fellows I can't.' (Tremendous laughter.) If they wanted immigration they should give inducements to persons to immigrate. Give them the land for Is. _an acre, or for a term of years atf a farthing a year rent. We don't want immigration ; if we do, let those who want it pay for it. The Government had a lot of money and wanted to waste it. There were persons who said- £hey had roein for 500 men at. the Burra. and as many at Wallaioo. \VelI, let them pay for them as they did for ore bagp. (Cheers.) ? Mr. Jones totally disagreed with Mr. Ra phael, [de further endeavored to speak, but tte uproar and laughter were so great, he was obliged to desist.'! Mr. Boxd askel where was the accommo dation for laborers now in the colony. Why, the employers themselves had no accommoda tion. One farmer told him he agreed that farmers wanting immigration should guarantee to employ so maDy men through the year. He ( Mr. Boyle) was a tradesman, but he could not get work in Adelaide. ('You're not the only on*.') The masters preferred men who had never been apprenticed, for they could bully them. He was brought put- under free immigration, but ha was swindled. He could not get work. - (Impatience, and 'Shut up.') We did not want immigration. (Loud calls for Mr. Bees was received with great cheering. From first to last he had acted tiue to the pledges he had given to his constituents. He should have tabled a motion at the opening of the House had he not been a new member. - Afterwards when the opportunity occurred he did Ma duty to those who sent him into the House. Such a strain had been put upon the Government that they dare not go -further than they had done. If any Ministry did so, he would give that Ministry his most uncompromising re sistance. (Great cheers.) The motion was carried almost unanimously, only one hand being held up against it. Mr. Nobthmobk proposed the third resolu tion : — 'That whilst fully recognising the capabilities of this colony to suppojf a vastly it creased population, this meeting is of opinion that the legitimate means of obtaining it is to offer laud on equally liberal terms with those offered by the United States of America and Canada, with equal facilities of selection, and that the expense of providing labor primarily for the advantage and profit of capital, should be borne by those requiring such labor, to the extent of at least one-half.' He pro tested against ths cilumny that the working men were actuated by a sordid selfishness in their opposition to immigration. He never heard that the rev. gentleman who started that calumny had urged wealthy men to help to throw open the land to people'who would come to till it, though 'he did offer up thanks for the return to the colony of two wealthy men of his congregation. (Hisses, atfd ' Question ?')- By whose agency was the land thrown -open to the farmers, if not the working men? Was that sordid avaiice ? (Cheers ) W ho brought immigrants to Canada and the States, but their relations ? Was that sordid avarice ? It was said by a keen observer of human nature that what the poor were to the poor was known only to their God. He found from Boothby that in '22 years, from the year. 1850, we lost over 115,276 of our immigrants. The cost of immigration, from 1850 to 1871 inclu sive, had.been£l,377,196 for 65,057 immigrants, or £21 3?.. 6d. per. head. . In addition to this there was expended; -in relief of 'destitute poor during that period, £2-90,000, and in hospitals alone ,£1.65,000, and all that exclusive of the cost of buildings. If to that they added cost of crime and lunacy, and unproductive public works undertaken to support a starving pppu latipp, they would find' the .total cost 'of the immigration' system no less- than ^£2, 000,000. [Mr. IJoijthmpfe went at; length into figures to show, that- 'at .the end. of 1871 over 4,000, 000_ acres -5f: land ? had been alienated, most tif '..' it,' . he '. affirmed, . falling 'into the hands of, monopolists and land speculators.] In America 'a man could take up 160 acres ot land, and by continuously occupying and cul tivating it for five years he got the fee simple. Then there was .the liberal preemptive law, and in Canada the laws were most liberal for the real settler. With such laws should we not get the same influx of population ? The man who offered a 20 acre block deserved to be put in a 'lunatic asylum. It was of no use fanners saying they wanted, men unless they were under an. obligation to employ ttam. He knew that one of the deputation offered a man. 8-1, a week ia hay harvest. (Groans.) Mr. A. O. Chambers seconded the motion, briefly endorsing ' '..the -remarks - of ' former speakers. ? -.-.-, '.= ' i .' ? j . i The motion was.. carried- with one or two dissentients. J ^ ' ' ; ?? -?- ' - ! Mr. Thompson move'd4-':that the 'movers* and sec jnders of thu foregoing 'resolutions he a Committee to embpdy the fearae in* a petition, to -obtain signatures, and 'to-reqttest some mein ber to present the petition to Pariiaanent.' ? He hoped every one opposed to free immigration would sign the petition. ? ri'1 t'v *? ' : ? Mr. Spence seconded the motion; which was carried unanimously. ' . ' . ? Mr. John TLA.BK proposed, in complimentary terms, and Mr. Thompson seconded, a vote ol thanks to the Mayor, which having been very, heartily carried, ths proceedings terminated shortly after 10 o'clock. . ;. . 