A TRIP TO FORBES AND THE CUR RAJONG. (By our 'Bath mrst Correspondent^) t Business o,f, a vital nature necessitating my presence at 'the Currajong, I set out from1 Bathurst for this romantic region the very morning I had returned from my pleasure-trip to Newcastle. With doleful heart I took my seat in Cobb's coach for Orange, at 4 o'clock in the morning, in company with three more passengers wnose sociality even at tnau matu tinal hour had the magical effect of driving dull care away. One of them had a well-primed flask of ' S-Star,' whose acquaintanceship in less than no time made us see countless stars beyond the spheres where previously we could not dis cern the smallest twinkle. The second passen ger was a famous singer ; the third a furious smoker; and all of us about ex cequo at the flask, including the driver. In this ecstatic frame of soul we reached the semetery, about a mile from town — nor, in pass ing, did we forget to pour down a spiritual libation in honour of such of the defunct as were about the place, after the ancient custom of the Paphlagonians. Not knowing how soon we might be forced to join their shadowy ranks, we determined to make a favourable impression; which, I have no doubt, we did. Passing the 'Monument,' where all that is mortal of the late General Stewart, w.hose prowess was once felt at Torres Vedras and Salamanca, is enshrined, — on the summit of a bold, barren, cone-shaped hill — we reached the end of the first stage. This is in the glen at the foot of the Rocks, where the first effort in breasting a long and wearying incline of five or six miles is to be made. The word 'Rocks' naturally expresses the derivation of the name of the region from Booth's Inn, at the bottom of the steep ascent, to Poole's on the summit ; for, like Pelion on Ossa, huge granite boulders, such as we may fancy the Titans to have used when waging war on Olympus, rise one above another in every variety of shape and j 'size The gravity of some of tiuise boulders -must not be reckoned by the ordinary mode, but by thousands and tens of thoxisands of tons. The rock is pure granite, and totally different from the geological stratifications of the surrounding country. Hence the inference that at some remote' period a powerful volcanic action took place here. When the summit is attained all vestiges of upheayings cease, and you are once more in natural bushland— certainly bleak and barren- -with Rock Forest and the Macquaiie on the right, and Fitzgerald's Mount, towering in the distance, to the left, Immemorial usage compels every traveller to wet his whistle here, after the toils of the ascent, and in obe dience to the custom we imbibed, and proceeded on our downward journey towards Gu\ong. After proceeding about one mile and a half, the driver pulled up at a barren ridge a few perches from Parker's Inn, and showed us the spot where poor carrier Muggridge met his terrible fate. It it close to the road, The driver could touch with his whip the fatal logs on which the horrible holocaust was offered up to the demon of gold. Auri sacra fames quid non mortalia pectora cogis ? The ejaculation of the ghost of murdered Polydorus, or of Sichrcus of Tyre, I forget which, forcibly obtruded itself upon my memory. After thinking and gazing awhile we unanimously entreated the driver to sunder us from the unhallowed place, for a melancholy darkness came at the one and same moment on our minds and on the heavens, as if some grim and ghastly spectre, invisible to us, had stood between this particular spot and the sun, and refused to suffer a ray of genial light to descend upon it before justice had been vindicated. Passing Parker's, we come to the first place in the Orange district where free selection commences. Vittoria is the name of the village. There is a very neat Catholic church here, and its invariable concomi tant — at least in this diocese — a school. Our holy bishop, immediately after his advent to the diocese, had these edifices erected, to the great happiness and comfort of the many Irish Catho lics who reside within a radius of four or five miles around. The traveller must not judge of the resources of this place by the wayside indi cations. Were I thus to judge myself, and were I ignorant of the fact that the well-to-do settlers reside some miles back on either side of the road, I should have a sorry chronicle to give of the wealth and respectability of Vittoria. I should have to say that the township, as seen from the box of her Majesty's mail coach, consisted of a post-office and store conjoined (slab and bark). The show- window of the store contained exactly ten oranges and three clay pipes, crossed after the mystic form of Sheriff Lynch 's coat of arms at Galway. Further ahead there is another self-styled store, of analogous shape and dimensions. This is the opposition one. Its show-window differs from the other in this, that it has more pipes but less oranges, with a clincher to all rivalry by way of two boxeB of sardines and a couple of bottles of pickles. What may be the internal treasures I know not, but these were the external manifestations. The only sign of animated nature I observed was an ill-natured swinish mother, who bolted into the bush, leaving her little progeny of seven piglings to the mercy of fate and the coachman's whip, as we came thundering down the hill. I remember reading somewhere in the Classics that Ascanius was destined to found the city of Alba Longa from the fortuitous finding of a similar mother and its nine white young ones on a certain spot. Putting that and that together, and reverenciug the ancient oracular prognostications, I at once con cluded that Vittoria is yet destined, in the decrees of fate, to be a mighty city, probably eclipsing its famous Iberian namesake. From Vittoria to Guyong we bowled along a fine metalled road, not to be surpassed in any country, There is one good inn here, by far the best on the road. It is kept by Mr. * Tanner, who formerly, in the pre-railway days of yore, kept the hotel at Blackheath, on the coldest aud highest spot on the Blue Mountains. Take Tanner's away, and Guyong is as miserable a looking place as can be well imagined. True there are magnificent accommodation paddocks, fine cockatoo fences, and a public pound, with the inevitable blacksmith's forge. The pound seemed the best patronised of any, for, in addi tion to a fine flock of geese and a half-dozen hens, with a champion chanticleer on guard, there was a noble turkey-cock, who shook his nasal appendage proudly at us, as much as to say ' come on ye buffers if ye have the pluck.' Here, too, we encountered a newly married couple, who came from Orange to spend a portion of the moon they call the ' honey.' About six miles from Guyong is the Icely mine and the Cornish settlement. At the latter places there is a considerable population, but it is beginning to thin perceptibly, in consequence of stoppage of work through litigation. The country is lightly timbered, but the timber is as crooked as a deer's horn. Such is the fact, but pro bably this peculiar phase of its growth might j have escaped my observation, and thus pass unrecorded, only for the astute remark of our smoking boon companion. Having never uttered a remark from Bathurst to this place, and expressing approval or disapprobation by the density of the puff from his lanky Kentuckian jaw only, we all thought he was a dummy, when our surmises were put to flight by the following exclamation of his :— ' Sirrees ! did ye ever see, in the 'tarnal uni verse, so many crooked sticks?' On looking round we were forced to coincide in the opinion as to the 'crooked sticks,' although our com bined experience didnotcompass the limits of the ?''Tarnal Universe. ' Theioad from this to Orange is like a bowling-green, without a rut or hole, and capitally metalled. How comes it, thought I, that this end of the highway is so perfect, aud that close to Bathurst so bad? Upon clothing this' idea in Avords, and putting it plump to the driver, he replied as follows : — ' You see, Sir,, the road-superintendent, some years back, had his residence in Orange, and he aoted in the matter of roads just as your Bathurst aldermen endeavour to act individu ally at the present moment — to make the approaches to their respective homes as smooth and comfortable as possiole. This man, having the manipulation of affairs under his finger and thumb, took jolly good care to have the lion's share of the money voted for the main road expended on the end where himself and family could have pleasant drives, whilst he was at the same time endearing himself to the Orangeites by this judicious management.' Thanking Automedon for his confidence, I determined to chronicle the event for the good of Bathurst. Surely Mr. Doyle, our worthy road superintendent, avM take the.hint, and put our side of the house in proper order. The far famed Wentworth diggings, better known as Lucknow, here came in view. The land once was the .property of the great patriot whose ashes repose m Vaucluse ; but, passing into the hands of Mr. Frost of Orange, this spirited gen tleman leased it out for auriferous purposes. The country at large cannot yet have forgotten the fortunes once amassed on this field. Even now the finest machinery in the colony is to be found* here, and some of the claims are doing well The principal gold-producing ones are the ' Homeward Bound,' the ' Uncle Tom,' '? The Phcenix,' and the 'Golden Point.' There are a good many people employed here at present but not a tithe of what vegetated in it in the palmy days of its alluvial notoriety. There is a nice little Catholic church perchecj on the summit of the hill, in which, at- stated intervals, Mass is celebrated by Father Walsh although the Catholics may be said to have* the opportunity of assisting at Divine worship every Sunday, as the distance to Orange is inconsider^ able, whilst the road is all that could be desired There is a post-office here, and the usual com plement of public-houses, with th£ ancillary de pal tments of butchers' shops, blacksmithies, and wheelwrights' establishments. There was a cordial and lemonade factory once here, but Orange now supplies all the necessaries in this regard. Close to this gold-field is Frederick's Valley. There was a large, or rather consider able population, and a flour mill of great size and power once here, as well as a school. But all these glories have passed away ; and the place is now as desolate as the plains where the bones of the Medes and the Persians Ke bleeching in the sun. Two very rapid creeks,, denoting the sudden and abrupt fall of the country, flow along the main road, h Disporting along the banks, and swimming, now with and now against the flow, are flocks of geese as large and white as swans, and countless as the cranes that swarmed in the days of Homer on the Xasthus flowing through the plains of Scamander. It is lucky that amongst all the strange importations Reynard the fox never found his way to the colony yet. If hejbad I think Orange would be a capital place for him to free select in. There indeed he might revel, and sing his neat song of praise ' For this is a good little towney O' ! In three minutes more we found ourselves in Orange, rattling up the streets, and astonishing the natives at the rapidity of our movements. (To he continued.) 