MURRURUNDI. Sunlight For the Sick -The effects of defi cient light upon the inmates of hospital wards and sick rooms have very frequently come under the writer's personal observation Most physicians know how carefully the attendants upon the sick endeavour to exclude every ray of light from the apartment, and it must be admitted that the members of the medical profession are often fully as assiduous in this respect. That the practice, except in some cases of actual disorder of the brain, and other parts of the nervous system, is pernicious, is beyond all doubt. Patients in rooms from which the light is excluded will sonon become bleached, pale, bloodless, and ghost-lik. No doubt hundreds of persons have died from this cause, who, had they been subjected to the operation of the simplest laws of nature, would have recovered. Wild Ducks -Sportsmen and other persons will be glad to hear that there are in every waterhole flocks of young ducks, in fact an unusual number this season, but quail appear to have left us again We have had immense numbers in this district for the past two weeks, but they all appear to have mi grated, and snipe as well, as reports speak of only two or three having been shot in the district this season. Rain -It has rained here now for about four days and nights almost without intermission, if we get any more, much injury will be done to the wheat, which at the present time looks splendid. There is a fair show for grapes, if the Oïdium Tuckern does not visit the vines again this year. There has been but very little fruit save oranges at Murrurundi this season, we have been very well supplied heretofore, but this year neither strawber- ries, cherries, plums, or gooseberries have made their appearance, or if so in very small quantities. Hint to Auctioneers-It would be well for auctioneers to have a person constantly on the look out when property is on view previous to a sale, as it is reported that at a recent sale, during the absence of the auctioneer, a person was seen to not only damage some property, but also to commit a theft. The matter ia being well sifted Murrurundi, Dec 1 