NEWS AND NOTES. We learn by telegram that all was quiet at Stawell on Wednesday night. The excitement had abated, and there was no occasion for the services of the police. The miners’ pickets had retired. Owing to pressure on our space, we are compelled to hold over our leading article and several letters. A meeting of the friends of Mr F. M. Claxton, desirous of securing that gentleman's re-election as member of the central ward to the City Council, was held at Craig’s hotel on Wednesday evening, Mr C. W. Sherard in the chair. About thirty gentlemen attended, and several apologies for non-attendance were received. Mr Towers said that a meeting of Mr Claxton’s friends had been held, at which it was de cided that as a contest was threatened, which promised to be a strong one, it was thought advisable that as mayor of the city he should be returned again it pos sible. Dr Whitcombe said he thought that too much was being made of an opposition that was at present only supposititious. If an opposition to Mr Claxtou’s re- election was threatened, it would be .then time enough to call another meeting, and work as hard as possible to secure his return. Dr Embling, although thinking somewhat with Dr Whitcombe, moved— “ That the gentlemen present form themselves into a committee to secure the return of Mr Claxton,” which was seconded by Mr M. Bade. Mr J. Thompson (Stork hotel) dissented from the motion, and said that he-would not consent to act on the committee, as before the Ist August a better man might come forward, and one who had some respect for vested rights. If, however, a better man could not be. found, he would, aS he had done before, work to secure Mr Claxton’s return. He then referred to the conduct of Mr Claxton as member of the Alfred Hall committee, who, when asked to act in his posi tion as a member a few days ago, positively refused to do So. Mr Bade defended Mr Claxton, who, he said, had always done his best for the ratepayers. Mr Moss said that the opposition arose out of a feeling of jealousy, and, as Mr Claxton had occupied the posi tion of mayor for the past year with dignity and credit, the threatened opposition, as contemplated, would be a disgrace to the city. The motion was then carried, and nearly all the gentlemen present enrolled themselves on the committee. A lamentable accident (slightly referred to in yes terday’s issue) occurred about seven o’clock on Tues day evening in the mine of the New Golden Stream Company, at Campbell’s Hill, between Smythesdale and Haddon. It appears that two men, John Pol kinghorn and Ralph Coulter, had been working in a drive near to old ground, when the rpain set of timber canted, and both men were instantly overwhelmed by a sandy drift. In the course of about three hours and a half Polkinghorn was extricated, and it was found that, fortunately, with, the .exception 1 of his legs having been bruised, he had not sustained much injury. Coulter, however, was not got out till about midday on Wednesday; J he was doubled up and quite dead. He was a resident of : Piggoreet, and leaves a widow and five children. It appears that he had only worked a few shifts in the claim. The body was removed to Corson’s Oddfellows’ hptel , to await the inquest. ,- ’ • half-past two O’clock on Wednesday morn ing a man named James Hegan, a laborer, was found lying in the gutter in Main street “dead” drunk and almost in a nude state. The unfortunate follower of Bacchus had been on the spree, and, according to his own account, he was imbibing with-some of the disre putable characters in the neighborhood of Esmond street till he became helplessly drunk. Hegan was found without his trousers and his legs tied together with a piece of rope, and this bad been'done, it is presumed, for tho r purpose o£ robbing the foolish man, as Hegan states that he bad over £5 iu his trousers’ pockets when driuking with his female companions. Hegan was conveyed to the Eastern lock-up by Con stable' Smith, and duly appeared before the bench at ten o’clock the same morning, when he was dealt with on a charge of being drunk and disorderly. ' A pair of unmentionables were given to Hegan by Constable English in a thoroughly generous manner. At the Town Police-court, on Wednesday, four drunkards were dealt with. A mau, named Alfred Whitburn, was remanded, on the application of Detec tive Hyland, till Monday, on a charge of forgery with fraudulent intent. It is said that the. prisoner passed a valueless cheque on Jas. Clifford, of the Market hotel, for £1; another on a widow woman residing at Stony Rises, and a third on a person living iu Geelong. Dr Cleediuuing, J.P., attended at the court-house, A case of some importance to holders of residence . areas within the boundaries of the Koh-i- Noor Gold Mining Company will be found iu our Warden’s Court report. Our Elaine correspondent writes:—“Considerable anxiety has been felt to-day (Wednesday), on account of the mysterious disappearance of Mr McRae, formerly a Presbyterian minister, lately in poor health, and residing with his brother, Mr Donald McRae, overseer of the Careep station. The brothers were out riding together on Tuesday, when Mr Donald McRae stopped to speak to someone on the station, the brother riding on towards home. Soon after his horse was found tied to a gate, and at first very little notice was taken, as it was assumed he had only walked somewhere in the neighborhood; but when some hours passed without his return, anxiety was felt, and messengers were despatched to Morrisons, Meredith, and Stieglitz without success. This afternoon his body was discovered in a dam, a short distance only from the place where he had left his horse. The deceased gentleman was much respected, and no motive is known for what appears to have been self-destruction." Several ■ old colonists in these parts who had a ; longing for England have altered their minds since mild foggy weather has become familiar here. They say they feel quite at home now, and even old Cockneys are content to look over the little difference there may be in the color and density of the Ballarat brumous article and that of London. Two men, named respectively Hazlehurst and John Smith.oKos Cameron,. both of r whoin are wanted by the police in connection with a case of stealings horse and buggy, the property of Mr James Bull, appear to have latterly swindled several persons at Ballarat and Warrenheip. About a week ago Hazlehurst managed by fraud to obtain £lO from a well-known local photo grapher, besides having had his portrait taken without expense, and then hired the buggy from Mr -Bull on pretence' of going to Slaty Creek; However, instead of proceeding there, he apparently handed over the buggy to Smith, who, after travelling round the dis trict and fraudulently obtaining several sums of money on behalf of Messrs Andersoh and Johnson,'threshing machine proprietors, he finally left the buggy at Mayou’s hotel. By representing the horse and veliicle to be his property he managed to obtain; from the landlord a sum of £2O, and since, then has not been heard of.- At the City Police-court on Wednesday two drunk ards .were dealt with in the ordinary way. A young man named Philip Hughes was fined £3, in default of payment, fourteen days’ imprisonment, for unlaw fully assaulting John White. The fine was immedi ately paid. A lad, named Frederick Parker, charged with throwing stones to the damage and danger of Edmund Fleming, at Redan, on the 17th inst., was remanded till Friday. Mr Gaunt, P.M., attended at the court-house. Two women, named Ellen O’Brien and Elizabeth Coghlan, residents of Esmond street, were arrested on warrant on Wednesday by Constable Cox, charged with robbing Peter Johnson of £2 9s. The robbery occurred in the prisoners’ house under the usual cir cumstances in that locality. Johnson was set upon by the women, one of whom, it is said, knocked him down with a jug. The prisoners were taken to the Eastern lock-up. A miner, .named John Dewar,.was discovered, bn Tuesday evening, lying dead in an old abandoned hole at Cabbage-tree Plat, near Creswick, by his mates. It appears that he left his home on the previous even ing to go to a store a short distance away, and on his return, the night being very dark, he fell into the shaft and was drowned. Ha was over sixty years of age, and single. The investigation of the charge of incendiarism brought against Mr William Sprott Robb, a store keeper at Egerton, caused a good deal of excitement at Gordon, on Wednesday, where the case was investi gated by a bench of magistrates. After a lengthy sitting the bench, at a quarter to sevbn o’clock, dis charged the prisoner, and their decision was received with loud cheers. A report appears elsewhere. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Early Closing Association was held on Tuesday evening. It was de cided to take some action to induce the public to shop earlier on Saturday evening. Arrangements Were made for a ballad concert at an early date, as the first of a series of entertainments to be given during the winter months. We report elsewhere the proceedings in connection with the third annual distribution of prize awards in the Ballarat West School of Design, His Honor Judge Bindon presided and presented the prizes, as also those awarded at the Sydney Exhibition to the Bal larat exhibits. Mr J. Davies, one of the candidates for the vacancy in the representation of the west riding of Buninyong shire, addressed the ratepayers at the Little Hard Hills on Tuesday, when a vote of confidence in him was carried.- Mr Davies will address the ratepayers of Cambrian Hill this evening. Our Smythesdale' correspondent writes :—“ The search for the missing girl, Mary Hannah Dimmoek, resulted in her being found alive about eleven o’clock on Wednesday morning, on Surface Hill, near Argyle Gully, on the east side of Smythesdale township, an entirely opposite direction to that in which the first part of the search for her had been made. Search was continued by a few persons oh Tuesday night, and on \\\ ednesday morning, about four o’clock, Mr J. Best and Mr Gillespie, taking Mr Best’s dog with them, made a tour through the ranges on the eastern side of Smythesdale. As passing along they awoke Mr Boyd’s son, and he took his gun with him. It had been sup posed that Mr Cunningham’s dog was along with the girl wherever she was, as the dog had not been seen at home since the girl left. Two shots were fired on the range, with the view of attracting the' dog’s notice, but unsuccessfully. Soma time afterwards Mi- Best espied the dog in Mr Veal’s paddock, adjacent; A clue was then supposed to" be found, and word was sent to Smythesdale to raise a band of searchers at once; but while steps were being taken by Mr J. h.eith, iu the absence of .the mayor, to convene a public meeting, a few youths who were on the search found the girl. She was first seen by a lad named Duffin, who had to take a sharp look as passing a clump of bushes to discover her. A cooey was at once given, and there was soon a general cooey ing, and a run towards the spot. Mr Cunningham thinks that his dog would have led him to. the place. The animal had remained with the -girl all the time, except that morning, when he had apparentlynnly left her to search for food for himself. The wanderer, who was in a wretched plight, and who had been in some water up to the waist," was only able to speak with a great effort. She was forthwith-removed to Mr Boyd’s house. Dr Jordan was called to the case, and the necessary restoratives were promptly applied. It was thought that that day’s exposure' would have, been fatal. Many of the residents in the locality exerted themselves very creditably in the matter. Mr W. M'Millan, who was well' nigh fatally-injured through falling down a hole while engaged in the &each;, is progressing, though it will doubtless be some time before he is fully recovered.” It is with considerable regret that we announce the death of Mr John Watson, D.R.W.G.T., who recently visited Ballarat in connection with the Order of .Good Templars. About three months ago he came to Vic toria, from Queensland, where he had been resident for some eighteen months past, having left his native land in search of health in a warmer climate. Mr Watson had been long connected with the temperancemovement, having been well and favorably known as a speaker at many of the great temperance,gatherings in the West of Scotland. His zeal in the cause led, it is presumed, to his death, for it was after speaking at a crowded meeting in Glasgow that ho caught a cold, which settled upon his ’ lungs, and ultimately carried him off. He came to this colony with a commission from the Rev. John Russell, R.W.G.T., to inaugurate a Grand Lodge of: Good Templars for Victoria, which he successfully accom plished on last Good Friday. Thereafter he visited several of the leading provincial lodges, in connection with all of which his kindliness of manner and thorough earnestness of purpose secured him a hearty •welcome. He has since visited South Australia,' where he also established a, grand; lodge, and had reached Melbourne on his way home to Brisbane,- which he: had ' hoped to have 1 reached in the course of =' a few, days hence. It was otherwise, ordered, however, for he died on Monday. night lastj. leaving a widow and several children to mourn his loss—a loss that will be felt by a wide circle of sorrowing friends in our Aus tralian colonies and in the home country; ; Weunder stand .that, his funeral will ih;Melbourne on Saturday.afternoon,-’ when - theumembers (of the- Order of Good Templars are expected to attend in their insignia. We learn that towards the expense of the pyrites apparatus of the School of Mines, Mr Louis Ballhausen has given <-£2 2s, and Mr Alexander Millan, of Elaine, £1 Is. Circulars have been addressed to all the shire, borough, city, and town councils in mining districts, soliciting to " the School of'Mines.'■’•’The school is now regarded us. of such general public utility that persona fromdifferent parte of the colony, aud indeed from New South Wales, have written, asking for information as to lectures,, examinations, &o.; . . The annual meeting of the Ballarat Bowling Club was held at the Camp hotel on Wednesday evening, Mr- M'Gubbin (the president) - in the • chair. The balance-sheet showed cash; in- hand, , £8 7s 2d; and liabilities, £lB 9s 7d. A vote of thanks to Mr Finlay son was passed for his donation of £lO to the club. Mr E. Eastwood was elected president for the ensuing year, and Messrs T. Whitelaw and R. Sim vice-presi dents, Mr J. Whitelaw hon. secretary, and Mr Bade hon. treasurer. Committee—Messrs C. Megson, S. Baird, H. Beard, W. Wainwright, aud G. K. Fincham. Votes of thanks to the retiring president, the late treasurer, Mr J; Whitelaw, and to the late secretary, Sir W. Wainwright, were passed for the continual and energetic interest they had shown in the affairs of the club. \- It seems to be really a' pity that hon. members be fore discussing Hare’s system of representation do not take the trouble to read Hare’s book.’ Every night almost comical blunders are made, and objections taken which have been disposed of long ago. We think that the debate on the Electoral Bill might well bo adjourned to allow time, for honorable members, Ministers included, to study Hare. Mr Fraser was asked at the Public Works Office this morning (says last night's Herald) for help in the alteration of the Caledonian Channel at Ballarat, which was totally unfitted and unequal for the pur poses it was supposed to answer. The estimated cost of the work was £7460. The. deputation asked for £5OOO, Mr Fraser said he would place the matter before his colleagues; at the same time he was not pre pared to recommend the amount they asked for. In an article on the Stawell cases, and the “indig nation” meeting, the Bendigo Advertiser says:—'“The. speakers generally wound themselves up to a high ■pitch of wrath on account of,the alleged violation of; the law and the Constitution by the Minister of Mines. But the Attorney-General, Mr Higinbotham, and other lawyers of quite as.much eminence as Mr M‘Dermott, and certainly men of not less judgment than Mr W. C. Smith, have assured him that he is perfectly justi fied in the course he proposes to take.” Reviewing our observations on the affair, the Advertiser concludes by saying:—“We can thoroughly endorse these views, aud we believe if the tables were turned, so that one of the parties interested stood in the shoes of the other, the only complaint against the Government we should hear from the side, now in the position of jumpers, would be that it had not sooner, and more decisively, taken the law into its own hands.” • Mr Berry gave notice of a direct vote 'of want of confidence in the Government, in the Assembly last evening. He has tilted. at the Mining Department and Mr Mackay. The terms of his motion are that the acceptance of tenders for 4000 tons of iron pipes from an English firm without first calling for tenders in the colony was not satisfactory. A meeting of non-commissioned officers of both corps of the B.V.Rrwas held on Wednesday night, for thejpurpose of bringing about some means of fur thering the good fellowship’ existing between) the corps.' It was agreed that a dinner be held at the Camp hotel early in August, and that a similar cele bration should take place once or twice a year. “ The piece? de resistance in the Assembly on Tues day night (says the Telegraph) was the consideration of the important question whether the salary of Mr Bartrop, clerk of the peace and registrar of the Court of Mines in Ballarat, should not be increased from £485 to £5OO per annum.. All the Ballarat members, of course, spoke for their man; and, equally of course, the Geelong members spoke against him. The former tried to prove that his juniors in the service bad been placed over his head, and the latter were of opinion that he was already overpaid., The Solicitor- General said that Mr Bartrop had applied for eveiy appoint ment that had presented itself as long as he could re member, and that no personal or parliamentary in fluence that could be brought to bear upon him would prevent him from holding the scales fairly with all officers in his department. Mr Purves asserted that there were in Mornington three clerks of petty sessions whom he would back against Mr Bartrop any day. Finally, the item was passed without amendment." We may remark that this reads very smart, but long and capable discharge of duty and the equities of the service, should also reckon for something even with learned Solicitor-Generals. That part of Drummond street which is .crossed by the box sludge channel from the works of the Golden Reef Company urgently needs repairing. The sludge lies on the road to a depth of' four feet, and In places there are several holes, which at night are of a dan gerous character and likely to upset cabs and other conveyances. A correspondent informs us that there have been some narrow escapes from accidents at the place. A meeting of. delegates from several local bodies desirous of having a district, commission appointed separate from the proposed Ballarat commission, for the supervision of local forests, was held at the Soara dale Town-hall on 18th June; the Mayor of Scarsdale in the chair. Councillor Forrest represented Ripon shire Council, Councillors Jones and Webb Qrenville shire Council, Councillor Stanbrook Leighshire Coun cil, and there were also present the Mayor of Smythes- Councillors Tait and Jones. It was decided to apply for a separate commission,' composed of. one representative for each riding of the shires interested, and one representative for each borough; and that within a fortnight the names of those nominated to form the commission be forwarded to the Minister of Lands. There was a very lengthy meeting of the Land Board at Gordon on Wednesday,-and the proceedings were not over until half-past 5. . The board consisted of Mr Chauncy, district- surveyor; Mr Pisken, Presi dent of the Buuiuyongshire Council; Mr Elmslie, M.M.8.; and Mr Shuter, P.M., was present for a short time, but had to leave to resume his seat on the bench at the police-court. ' The usual quarterly official inspection of the Volun tees Rangers, by Colonel Rede, took place on Wednes day evening, about 250 of all ranks being present. After the inspection the men wore marched from the parade-ground to the bottom of Sturt street, where they were put through various movements. • Before dismissal Colonel Rede addressed the members pre-. sent, and said that he had been requested by his Ex cellency the Governor to thank the corps for the maimer in which they had turned out during his recent visit, to Ballarat, who had also expressed his satisfaction at the soldierly appearance of 'the corps. It may be stated that this inspection was the last official one for the present year. The Tckyraph has adopted our views on jumping as published in April last, and repeats them thus in relation to the Stawell row:—“lt seems ridiculous and must be unjust, to say that confiscation of the title shall be the punishment for a technical oversight, just as it is the punishment of bad faith in leading conditions. Non-compliance with essentials may be rightly enough followed by forfeiture; but to bike away a man’s property because , he has omitted to drive a peg, or has driven it in oh a wrong'day, or the peg is of the wrong height or hot the proper., color, is nothing else than robbery, and is nut the less robbery because it is sanctioned by law. Forms have to be complied with, but breach’ of formalities should be punished by fine, and forfeiture should be reserved for those laches where either the public is injured or the Crown systematically defrauded of its dues.” A very important judgment has just been delivered by Judge Dunne, at Sandhurst, and one which com- ' pletely substantiates the soundness of the principle insisted on in these columhs, namely, that .mining* companies should be held responsible for the damages sustained by their workmen from accidents occurring in claims through want of foresight or caution on the part of the manager. A miner named Failover had been precipitated to the' bottom of the North-Shenan doah Company’s shaft through the breaking of a ladder, which was proved to.have; been insecurely fixed by ropes that were unequal to the strain put upon them. A plea was put in by the defendants that the manager did not know of their Condition, but the judge very■; properly.’ ruled that he ; ought to have known, aud that the means of knowledge must be cousidefed'equiyalent to knowledge. ' He awarded the plaintiff £lOO. Notice of appeal was given, and it remains to be-seen whether this decision will be up held. If it should be, there will. be no need of a bill for the prevention of mining accidents, or for the in spection of mines. ..j vr :. ; At the Shire-hall, Linton, on Monday evening, a highly instructive and pleasing lecture;'on Cowper’s life and poetry,’ was delivered by the Rev. R. .J. Mercer, in aid of the funds ’ of St.-Paul's Church.of-. England, Linton. . : Our old friend Mr W. C; Weekes is lecturing at Beechworth. .The Ovens Spectator is delighted with him; and says:-—“Although the subject for this even- ■ ing is; ‘ Humbug in its various aspects,’ Mr Weekes, the lecturer, is no humbug.”' \- At the Cape Clear hotel, on Monday evening, a coni pHnaentary address*was presented to Mr James Laid; law, late president of the Shire of Grenville.* There were present Messrs .Webb, Jones, Rowe, and’ Clarke, members of the Grenvilleshire Council, and Mr Dodds; the secretary; Messrs M‘Yitty, of Scarsdale, and Russell, , of Bulldog; besides several gentlemen of Cape: Clear and vicinity. Apologies, were . received; from• Messrs Montgomery, M.L.A, Roberts, and Bennett.,' After an excellent repast, got up in the best style by the hostess, Mr Webb was called to the chair, and gave “The Queen and Royal Family,” followed by a song from Mr Grant. The chairman then read and pre sented the address to Mr Laidlaw. The chairman made some remarks expressive of the respect he felt for MrDaidlaw) and dwelt on his usefulness and abilitiesas a councillor, stating that the Grenvilleshire Council could ill afford to, lose his services. Mr Laid- Taw feelingly returned thanks, SHe said that; he valued this reception by his friends and neighbors more thanJie would being fetedsis the Governor had .been. Various other appropriate toasts were proposed and drunk. ..-Ata. meeting of the committee,of the Mechanics’ Institute, held on Tuesday evening, present, Messrs Claxton (president), Emblihg,’ I. J. Jones, James, Stephens, Thompson, Stansfield, Bade, Huddart, and J. P. Marshall, the secretary reported that he had re ceived a copy of the Civil Service Report from Major Smith, M.L.A., to whom a vote of thanks was passed. The secretary also reported that Mr William Newman had kindly offered to give £lO 10s for a life-member ship, to be offered os a prize to the pupils of the School of Design,.if nine other gentlemen would do the same. A deputation from the School of Design, consisting of Messrs Caselli, M'Dowall, Oldham, Oak den, and Figgis, had waited on a special meeting of the committee convened for the purpose, to ask that the £lO voted' by the Mechanics’ Institute for prizes, should be open for competition by all the pupils, in stead of members of the institute only, aud to request that the committee would take over the entire manage-, ment of the school into their hands. It was resolved that £lO should be placed at the disposal oh the School of Design without condition, and that a sub committee, consisting of the president and. two vice presidents, should confer with the committee /and teachers of the school and report at next meeting. ■ A ghost has been seen'in Spring street, near the Princess’Theatre, Melbourne. The story is vouched for' to!the Telegraph by “the head of a.well known Mel bourne firm.” Here is the story:—“ On Saturday after noon) the 14th instant, I was on my way home from business, in company with a gentleman; the time was as nearly as possible six to ten minutes past six. We were passing along Spring street, on the opposite side to the Princess’ Theatre, and about opposite to that building, when I suddenly imagined that I was on the point of running against some object which was : crossing the footpath from the fence to the road, and I put out rhy hands to prevent striking. I observed the extraordinary appearance pass across my path, and, as it were, completely in the way of my friend, who was' walking on my left hand. He instantly stopped, and also placed his hands out in order to prevent a collision. In pure astonishment we watched the appearance for perhaps four seconds, when it com pletely vanished. On Sunday, 15th, the ■ following day, I was passing the spot, only this time on-the top of an omnibus, when I pointed to the place, and men tioned the fact to the driver, who told me that another gentlemen, about a month or six weeks back, had stated that he came bolt up against somebody or something at that very spot, and that he shouted out to it, ‘Now, then, mind where you're coming,’when he also was somewhat. startled to see the appearance suddenly disappear.” Rowe, who was in the old days proprietor of Rowe’s Circus, in Melbourne, made a mistake, and did not keep the fortune he had. The Age says he came back here as a servant in Chiarini's Company, and now wants help to take him back to California. He did the Melbourne charities some good in his time. Let the Melbourne charitable do some good to him now in his hour of need. -The usual half-yearly/change of chairs in Court Little John, 3326 A.O. F., U.8.D., took place at the Court-room, British Queen hotel, on Tuesday, 17th June. The following are the officers for the ensuing term:—C. R., Br A. Ellis; S.C.R., Br R. Gent; S.W.' Br W. Bryant; J.W., Br A. Tomkin; 5.8., Br jl Thomas; J.B. Br W. Gluth. The positions of secre tary and treasurer are permanent and held by Brs S. Walker and E. Wilmot respectively. ' We {Argus) understand that the bill dealing with the reform of the Legislative Council will in all pro bability be presented to that Chamber in about a week after the second reading of the Electoral Act Amend ing Bill in the Assembly has .been carried. Writing more in sorrow than in anger, the Sydney Morning Herald remarks:—“ We observe that several English journals, in commenting on the disunion developedjat the late Intercolonial Conference, lean to the hope that the disagreeable phenomenon is only of a temporary nature, and that when the reaction sets in the ultimate result will be to promote federation. It is as well to dispel useless illusions, and we may safely state that the result of the recent action of the Victorian Government will be to postpone federation for at least a quarter of a century." It is reported to the Argots.as from the master of the barque Lindsay, that the Satellite, from Cardiff to Rio, foundered at sea, and the captain refused to leave his ship, and went down with her. A new kind of suicide this. - \- Of Mr James Smith’s new apostleship the. Mel bourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes:—“'By the way, it may be mentioned as. curious that one of Ins latest converts, and most sincere'.fol lowers, is Mr Prank Weston, the Wizard Oil Prince 1 Good fellow. Prank, and- clever; but I thought him much too cute to fall into Mr Smith’s ways, unless, indeed, he sees ‘plunder’ in it from the showman’s point of view.” Mr J. C. Rowlands’ hounds will meet at. the Crown hotel, Buninyong, at nine o’clock sharp on Friday morning, and will hunt in the vicinity of Williamson’s Creek. At seven o’clock in the evening the master aud followers of his pack will be entertained by Hostess Selleck, after which a purse of sovs. will be presented to Mr Rowlands, as a token of esteem by the admirers of his pack in this district. In bur advertising columns will be found a notice as to the Glendorue], &c.;, society’s ploughing match. The ages of boys ploughing in class E, double-furrow ploughs, should be under seventeen years, and not eighteen, as previously notified. The distribution of prizes in the Sebastopol School of Design will take place this evening. The quarterly meeting of the 1.0. R., Excelsior Tent, will take place this evening. The programme of the Ballarat Turf Club Winter Steeplechase meeting will be found in our advertising columns. The result of the school-board election for the west riding of Buninyongshire will be found in our adver tising columns. * 