THE MURDER OF CA1>T. LONGMUIR. William Cross, or Wilhclm. Krauss, Lite steward of tho Rifleman, charged with tho murder of Captain Jamos Longmuir, was ar raigned on that charge at tho Central Criminal Court atDarlinghurston 14th May, DOioro Ins Honor Mr. Justico Ilargravo. Tlio Sydney Morniny Hcrahl states that "tho prisoner boing without moans to provide for his dcfcnco, tho court requested Mr. Dalloy and Mr. Want, then in the court, to uiidcrtalco the man's defence ; and ou their kindly consenting to do bo, tho court assigned thoin as counsel accordingly. Mr. M'Culloeh— at a similar request from the' cou't— consented to act as tho prisoner's attorney, for the instruction of tho counsel assigned. The counsel expressed thoir hope that members of tho medical profession (considering that tho defenco had been un dertaken purely from motives of humanity, and for tho furtherance of tlio ends of jus tice) would kindly lend their valuable pro fessional assistance voluntarily, and would sec tlic prisoner at the gaol boforo tho trial came on." Late telegrams from Sydney an nounce that the trial of Krauss has been postponed until tho 26th inst. . Tlio inquest at Sydney on the body of Captain , Longmuir, was finished on tho 12th May, when tlio prisoner was com mitted for trial on the cliargo of wilful murder. Tlio prisoner is a muscular framod man, of about 5 feet 6 inches in height. His foaturcs arc moro' French than Gorman, and rather unprepossessing. Ho has what is commonly called a bail face, a restloss, de termined expression about the eye, and a hard firm look about the mouth, tlie upper portion of which projects considerably. At the adjourned inquest several of tlio sea men gave evidenco as to a quarrol botweon Captain Longmuir and tho stoward, tho pri soner Krauss, on account of the captain re proving him for his dirty habits. Evidence was also given respecting the attempted poisoning of tho ship s crow. When spoken to by ono of tlio water police force at Sydney about tho murder, Krauss remarked, "I am sorry for it, it cannot bo helped now, it was God's will." At the inquest Krauss, while reference was boing made to Iettors having been found in his pantry, in soveral languages, said that ho could speak and read and write seven with oaso. One paper was shown which contained memoranda in somo half dozen languages — among which wero entries in Latin, Italian, German, French, Dutch, aud English. Tho memos in German aro the following detached sentences: — "The longest day has an end — O Lord into your hand I give my ghost anil soul if earthly hope should fail — at times headache comes from much growling — Those who fall into tho wolves don must hold with them." The memo in Italian, which in its bearing on tho case seems to ho the most important of all, is without dato, and to the following effect : — "Thero has been a very great row (baruffa grandissima) with the captain (described as 'Siguor il capitano') (Humiliation — Bassa- mcnto ?) who struck mo a blow on tho head. Tho wliolo thing aroso out of nothing at all on my part desorviiig of such treatment." This extract will show that at tho timo it was written Krauss was brooding over a blow received from tho captain. Tho fol lowing is a copy of the letter found in the pantry : — Sunday, 21th February, 1873, seven o'clock a.m. — This date I shifted myself entirely, both underclothing as well as ton ; put on a clean pair of stockings at ono o'clock p.m. Tho captain told me I was not shifted ; he would not have any beggar to serve up at his cabin table. I tild him that I was entirely shifted, and went in to my pantry, where I said to myself that if Captain Longmuir was not pleased with my ap pearance (obscure) to put some one else thero to serve up, as I was sure ho was only trying to tread and tramp on me. The captain hereupon ran into my pantry and strnck my a violent blow on thcleftsidc of my fnco, telling mc at tho same timo that he'd throw mc overboard, if las a foreign would givo hira any check. He thereupon pulled mo out of my pantry by the ' scrof ' of my collar, telling me to go and shift myself. I then wont and put on a pair of pants which wero dirtier than the ones I put off, and served tho table with them. I was left in the (holeshed ?) for tho remainder of tho day. Query : Is a cap tain entitled to.strike a steward with impunity ? If so, then I suppose that a steward may avenge himself according to his own best way. N.B,—- This is, Bince 15 years of my seafaring life, tho fiist 'timo'that'I iwas struck' by "any captaihT-or any other ruffian lowering and degrading himself so far as that." Hero follow tho narao of tho steward, and the words probaluni mores Domine omnipotcntias hominum. Tho envelope has tho following inscribed on it: — "Ship Rifleman— Treatment rccoivcd (on) tho hands of Captain J. G. Longmuir, — memoranda pcrsonol." 