PRESENTATION CONVENT.-" RECEP TION" OF A NOVICE. Tho ceremony of "Reception," or taking the Whito Veil, in connection with the Presentation Convent took place yesterday morning, at the Chulrch of the Apostles. This being the first ceremony of the kind at Launceston, a good deal of interest was taken in the event, and a large congregation assembled on the occasion. Tickets of admission to the nave were paid for at a shilling each, and to other parts of the church at sixpence, the receipts to be appropriated to the convent building fund. The front seat was reserved for the community of the convent, and the relations of the young lady about to take tile religious habit. Shortly before the ceremony commenced, the father and sister of the postulant, IMr Boylston and Miss Boylston, of Bathurst, Noew South Wales, wore escorted to their seats. The required arrangements had been made by the sacristan for the convenienco of the postulant, the Superioress, and assistant, at the chancel. Mr A. Roper conducted the choir, Miss Dowling presiding at the organ. Several processions took place during the proceedings, which, in addition to the usual prayers and ceremonies, comprised a sermon by the Most Rev Bishop MIurphy, who also officiated as celebrant. At half-past ten the first procession moved from the sacristy. A number of young ladies in bridal attire took part, and these alone excited considerable admiration; there were Misses Ellen and Cpcily Murphy (little daughters of Iris Worship the Mayor of Launceston), Theresa Kennedy, Elizabeth Roper, Florence and Gertrude Doolan, and Theresa Hadfield. Tihe Misses Florence Doolan and E. Roper oiliciated as acolytes, and the processional cross was borne by Miss Hadfield. They were fol lowed by the altar boys, and then canme the clergy-the Rove. J. EHogan (Westbury), M. O'Callaghan (Longford), the lBishop, bearing his pastoral crozier; levas. E. F. Walsh (Deloraine), and M. J. lBoechinor (Campbell Town), wsho olliciated as deacon and sub-deacon ; with the Very Rev. Dean Butler and Rev. J. Feolhan. After a brief interval the " bridal angels," young ladies before namled, appeared, followed by the novice-elect (Miss Mary Boylston, a young lady, who was superbly attired in a white silk dress, trimmed with Limerick lace, and a handsome white veil, with appro priate ornaments), the Revs. Superioress and Mother Assistant (sister and niece of IBishop Murphy), with the nuiis and noviciates of the convent, each bearing a wax candle. The pro cession traversed the aisles, passing the choir, to the chancel, and then took their position, the Bishop and clergy at the altar, and the novice and attendant inuns in front of the rails, the choir meanwllilo siinging "0 Gloriosa Virgiinum." The Bishop proceeded with the prayers, and having blessed the candle, incensed and sprinkled it, presented it to the postulant, saying, " Ro ceive, dearly beloved daughter, this corporal light, as an eonblem of the inward light, to dis pel all the darkness of ignorance or error : that, being illuminated with the light of Divine wis dom, with the fervor of the Holy Ghost, thou mayest deserve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the spouse of tihe Church, who livetlh and reignoth wilth God tie Father, iii the unity of God the Iloly Ghost, world with out end." Time Postulant and Convent Cosm munity having thou taken their seats, the Bishop entered the pulpit for TilE SERMON. ITis Lordship took for his text Psalm xv., verse 5 (Dounay version.) " The Lord is the por tion of lily inheritance and of my clip : It is thou that wilt restore my inheritance to lme." He said, a religious vccation was a special gift of God, and was conferred only on a few, compared with the rest of iankind, who designed to carry out the views of divine providence with respect to this world. In this world it was diflicult to save one soul, but from that difticulty a chosen few were exempt and being freed fromn the cares of terrestrial tlings, and no longer charmed with tihe pleasures of the world, they were enabled to devote themselves to the service of God, and consecrate their days to the salvation of their own souls, as well as those of others. A religi ous vocation conferred two great advantages~ a contempt of the world aind tllhemonaof advancing religion. St. Jolhn described the worldly spirit as "concuipiscenco of the flesh, and of the eye, and the pride of life ;" thie world had become the theatre of vanity, the school of vice, and tile dominion of tllopssions ; hence our divine Lord, in Jlis address to H is followers, declared that the world was the greatest enemny lie had, and the greatest obstacle i'n the way of ilian's salvation. Hunce, too, it was that so uniiliy persons of all ages and classes, and of both sexes, had renounced the world, and retired to eaves anld monasteries as a security to themselves, and for the good of mion. The novice-eleet lhd followed their ox ample, and, guided by the Spirit of God, siae had retired into tile sacred asylumn of the convent, in wlhich sahe would be protected against the deluge of corruption wlichll daily swept so many thousanids of souls into ruin and isery ; ther, lher innocence anld virtue would be protected by the safeguards of discipline; and there sheo would breatlle the cahl air of holiness with the air of solitudeo and pass her clays in pronmoting the salvation of lier soul, and in the instruction of the little oncs conmmitted to her care, those who woere the choicest objects of the lodooumor's love. Like Abraham and Jacob, she lad obeyed tile voice of God inl renouncing the world, and hd il sovered thlse ties whlich lhd ibound hler to eartl, solpR ratoed from parents who ihad carefully brought her up ill the prinuiples of religion: aind relatives and frields, tliigh they regretted bitterly thie separation, could not but adluire her purity of intention, and her heroli of heart. Lilte the ipatrlarcls, slhe would be conducted in safety to liher haveunly inhoeritanco, for thie Itelounuor had said every one elwho left house and bre threni, and falher adl nothler for His sake shoull receive It huldredfold in this world, and ill the world to coeio, lifo ovoraiating. But whilst enjoying thie inesthible hbeneits con ferredil o lir by tho.vocation of ai religious life, and while thanking God sincerely for thieii, sheo would reflect on tie meoans necessary to perse vore in that vocation. 'Those imanss were prin cipally prayer, lumililty, and obedienceo. Prayer, as comnnnnoded by St. Augustine and others, would inspliro, her colurago to advanco in theI course she haid chsoson, nd ehlorfuhlees ini the plerformance of lor duties, a certain slga that sieo bore well thi yoke of Jeh?s Chriit, 1 Her humility would be associated with povert. she would be poor, and as a religicseo she would possess nothing sheo could call her own; not even those ornaments she wore, and which she had put on to show with what alacrity she could put them off for the love of Jesus Christ. She would be poor not only externally, hut also poor in spirit ; for that was the poverty that was most conducive to salvation, and she would put on the livery of Jesus Christ, which would liken her to the Divino Spouse, and rendor hora worthy object of His love; for she would be able to say "I will rejoice, for it is Thou that wilt restore my inheritance to me." Then, obedience, which the world called slavery, wsU the true liberty of the children of God, living faithful to God and His laws, and serving Him alone; uniting our will to His, and abandoning the care of ourselves into his hands. Obedience was thld first and lonly command given to our first parents, that law by which the union between God and man can alonee be sustained, That was the life of the Conventual state, and in obeying her Superioress the novice would obey God himself who appointed her. In the various duties allotted to the novice occasions would arise, especiailly in connection with the instruction of the children to try her patience and courage; but, guided by the experience of the Superioroess, who would treat herwith consideration and with all the affection of a loving mother, and encouraged by the ex ample of loving sisters, it would be a consolation that in assisting in educating the children she would be co- operating with the great work in which the Church is engaged; an idea which was now being entirely eliminated from our public schools, which was proved by the spirit of indilfferentisn and irreligion that prevailed. Jesus Chriit had promised to crown with glory those who taught others, and brought them to righteousness. In conclusion the Bishop ex. horted the novice, and prayed God to grant her graco to oenter into the holy state to which she ad devoted herself, that it might be productive of all the fruits they desired. He counsell!ed her to be constant in prayer, knowing that whatsoever she asked the Father in the naime of Jesus Christ should be granted. She would not ask amiss, but ask with perseverance' and her requests should be granted. Let her keep before her, Jesus Christ and His blessed Mother, and learn the lessons of obedience and humility of heart ; and, that the blessing of Alsighty God ilight rest upon her, was his Lordship's concluding desire. At the close of the sermon his lordship pro ceeded with the ceremony. The rev. Superioress having raised the postulant from her seat, she and the mother-assistant conducted her to the rails, where the bishop proposed the questions: My Child, what do you demand? The mercy of God, the holy habit of religion, the charity of the Order, and the society of the mother and sisters. Is it with your free will and consent you demand the habit of religion ? Yes, my lord. The Bishop (to the rev. Suporioress)-Rev. Mother have you inqdircd into the other points' necessary to be known for those who enter into religion, and are you fully satisfied I Yes, my Lord. The oBishop-My dear child: have you a 'firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of your life, and do you think you have sufficient' strength to bear constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ, for the love and fear of God alone ? The Novico.-Relying on the mercy of God, and on the prayers of the mothers and sisters, 1 hope to be able to do so. The Bishop--What God has commenced in you may lie himself perfect. May the Lord banish from you the old man with his works. The postulant having responded to these prayers retired, passing along the aisles, ac companied by the rev. suporiorss and the Mother Assistant and others, and afterwards to the place appointed to change her secular dress for the religious habit; the choir singing In exitu Israel de iEgyjpto, and the Laudale puere. Diring this time the celebrant and other clergy remained seated. The bishop thoem blessed and sprinkled the outer dress of the postulant, which had been previously placed by the sacristan, who took them to the postu lant. Ils lordship also blessed and sprnnkled the veil. Ons the return of the novice-elect wearing her religious habit, the choir sang the Quws c?t isloa-m"Who is she that cometh up fromm the desert, flowing with delights, leaning upon hlier beloved I Thou art all fair, my beloved, miilch and beautiful. Come my spouse, from Libanus: come from Libanus ; come, thou shalt be crowned." The postulant, after the customary prayers,was presented by the rev. Superioress with the cincture (or girdle) and re* simining part of the dress, the celebrant sying "When thou wast younger, thou did'st gird thyself and did'st walk where thou would'it but when thou shall be old, another shall gird theo. In the naino of the Father, &a.;" The Bishop afterwards conferred the name in reli. gioi of the novice, Sister Mary Agnes, when the choir chanted Rre,num nsudi ; and the no vice Ihaving been raised by the mother assistant retired a few paces from the rails and sung Erietavit cor meum, verbim bonum; dico e1o opera, rses regi ; the choir responding Quem vodi qget, amasi, ie quei credlidi, qsem dleri2 &e.; T'Ie Bishop intoned Veni OreatorSpirrtus, and after further prayers sprinkled the novice with holy water, and the ceremony of embracing the novice followed, com mencing with the 11ov. Mother, and including the rest of the inuns one after another; tihe choir chanting Ecce qrdm u ionum, followed by the IDeus Miscreatlr, and other psalms. The hliscopual benediction was then pro-nounced, the concluding processionl was formed, and the ceremony terminated. A dejeuaer was provided atthe conventfor the Bishop and clergy, and refreshments were also provided for the choir, &o.; The sum of £1ll 10s was taken at the doors. 