JUDGMENT. THE air was calm. The sun shone gladly o'er the landscape, and the low sighing of the wind echoed a refrain to the bum of animate nature. I dreamt, and behold it was the Day of Judgment High through tlie empyrean rang out the trumpet sound in notes of warning grandeur, " Time shall be no longer." Tlie whole aspect of nature was fearfully changed ; and while I stood trembling and dismnj'ed, the sounds approached closer— " And all along tlie dusky eavtli Came trooping tlie phantom nations of the dead— Thin airy shoals of visionary ghosts, Fair pensive youths and soft-cnauioured maids; And withered Elders, pale and wrinkled shades; Ghastly with wounds, the forms of warriors slain Stalked with majestic front, a martial train ! These, and a thousand more, swarmed oe'r the ground, And all the dire assembly shrieked around." The living woke, and turned to face, high in air, the manifest glory of the Immortal God. A ringing cadence of awful melody swept through the Celestial Halls, and reverberated in the worlds beneath, while throughout the dome of Heaven glittered the terrible splendor of the Author of life. Amid the wail of agonised spirits and the war of elements rose a triumphant soul-stirring song, "Hail! Hail! Oh, Lord God most high!" Then, amid the deathless silence that supervened, man stood forth to be judged -:man who had played a glorious part below; man who had played; an ignoble part; man who had wronged his fellow an; man who had endeavored to benefit is species; man who, in his absorbing esire to gratify himself, had forgotten he noblest'qualities of Ids nature; man ho in the heydey of mere earthly power had lost sight of the time beyond he grave. They stood to be judged, and in the awful silence were judged. All time had passed. No longer opportunity for repentance; no longer chance for redemption ; all probation over. Every man equal in ..po.wer; every man equal in station before the God of created Life. . . . . And the wail of agonized souls rose with a terrible thrilling significance. Even now I seem to hear that awful wail, and God preserve me from such another dream. The agonized petitions, the mingled shrieks of despair and entreaty, seem still to haunt me, and not even the remembrance of the triumphant jubilate shout of the redeemed— "Holy! Holy! Lord God, most high!" —which followed, can wholly stifle the remembrance of the piercing, despairing cry of the lost. 1867. ZaMiKL. 