CHRISTMAS EVE IN A CHURCH, AND WHAT BECAME OF IT. BY MORGAN HAWKES. [From the Christmas Number of the Observer.] The place Adelaide, the season Christmas Eve, and the hour half-past 2 by the Post-Office clock. Upon the wide pavement in front of Cobb & Co.'s Royal Mail Booking-office a noisy. bustling, fussy crowd, individually composed of passengers, passengers' friends, porters, spec- tators, purveyors of fruit and evening papers, gossipers, larrikins, and loafers. Waiting for the mail ! Unprotected females of uncertain age grimly mounting guard over a citadel of blaok covered trunks, brown paper parcels, and unwieldly bundles, in which mysterious articles of apparel are bursting through the flimsy cover- ing afforded by the last week's Register, and intended to hide such sacred things from the vulgar gaze; while last, but not least in the anxious regard of iU spinster mistress, comes the inevitable blue band-box, enveloped in a decidedly mssculine pockethandkerchief, and proudly surmounting the whole. Waiting for the mafil ! Slim-waisted little brown-skinned damsels, dressed in the very last improvement upon the latest Paris fashion, darting bird-like hither and thither, getting into everybody's way, interrogating stoical strangers in the most de- lightfully beseeching tones, perfectly convinced that they are quite capable of looking after themselves, indignantly scorning the proffered advice of younger brothers, and at the same time being in a glorious state of bewilderment as to which is the particular coach they are in search of. Waiting for the mail! Bronzed and bearded btishmen just down from the bush, and smoking the indispensable short black pipe, their long matted hair hanging down upon their shoulders, and their horny sunburnt hands grasping the none too cleanly but withal pic- turesque-looking swag. Waiting for the mail ! City clerks and budding lawyers, finger nails trimly pared, chin clean shaven, boots brightly blacked, hair cropped a la Dry Creek, and scarcely showing beneath some enormously-ugly sun helmet, arrayed in the inevitable long silk dust-coats, prim, precise, and proper, pacing slowly up and down the pavement carrying the conventional black leather bag, and occasionally, not without some little display of importance and ostentation, comparing their patent lever with the clock above. Waiting for the mail ! White-capped, blue-coated, and snowy-trousored policemen, serenely passing through the crowd in the conscientious performance of their arduous duty; swarthy-faced Hindoos vending apri- cots and oranges ; scantily-clothed friend- lees-looking lads, rushing frantically to and fro and shouting their shrill cry of 'Journal,' " 'Spress" Waiting for the mail ! Fathers off to their children, husbands off to their wives, and lovers off to their sweethearts; paterfamilias with the charge of the luggage and the due securing of comfortable seats weighing heavily upon his over-wrought mind ; materfamilias, with the eldest boy clinging to her gown, the youngest girl hanging shyly to her shawl, the last but one, reckoning by events, and not counting numeri- cally, tugging violently at her sleeve, one twin on her bosom and the other twin in the arms of the red-faced red-haired Irish nurse-girl at her side. Waiting for the mail ! Sallow-faced fac- tory girls, thankful to get a respite from the ceaseless treadle and the clatter and jar of the sewing-machine, and, like the postboy's horse, "right glad to miss the rumbling of the wheels," at liberty for one short week to breath the air of the country home again. Waiting for the mail ! Here they come; the great red lumbering coaches, their yellow wheels covered with the accumulated mud and dirt and dust of many a thousand mile of journeyings, for no idle loiterers in the yard are these veterans of the road. Here they come, swaying and oscillating in their empty buoyancy as the cool self-possessed drivers showily bring their teams up King William- street, as though intending to drive through Victoria-square, and then adroitly handling their fistful of ribbons, suddenly wheel the five spirited horses round to the front of the booking-office. Here they come ! For the rural districts and pleasant townships that cluster in the valley and around the sources of the Torrens; for the com- paratively cool and bracing country places far across the breezy heights of thickly-timbered sombre-looking old Mount Lofty; and for the sylvan quietudes, the meadowed homesteads, the wheat paddocks, and the dairy farms scattered about the rich undulating plains where the rocky Onkaparinga rolls its blue cold waters to the glimmering Gulf. Here they come ! And now begins the rush for places. With an agility gained it may be in other avocations on the sea, many a bearded bushman lightly clambers to the roof, followed by ambitious clerks and city youths, whose enjoyment of a fifty mile exbili- rating ride through the summer wind and sun- shine is none the less keen because so seldom indulged in. Up they go, speedily appropriating the box and filling up the second seat, while a third batch adopt the heterogeneous heaps of luggage as a throne, and a further detachment, still more soaring in their views, perch them- selves upon the top of the mail-box itself. Down below in a struggling crowd are gathered the female portion of the passengers, wildly brandishing umbrellas, and parasols, and band-boxes, and fighting for a seat with all that estimable persistency for which the sector box is so famous. Standing slightly aloof from the clamorous throng, but from a certain anxious air pervading her face and a look of impatience in her eyes, evidently awaiting her turn for a seat in the interior of the coach, is a pleasant looking young lady. This is no Rundle-street belle arrayed in the height of fashion; her plain white muslin dress is scarcely calculated to create so surprising a sensation as your more elegant costume à la mode, my fair reader; her simple linen wristbands certainly did not cost so much as your own valuable point lace cuffs, neither have they the same pleasing faculty of decreasiag the apparent dimensions of her lightly-gloved hands; her hat, beyond all doubt, sacrifices the ornamental to the useful, neither is it tipped adroitly upon the bridgo of her nose, nor does it rest carelessly upon the back part of her head, but some how seems worn more as a covering than as a fashionable appendage to the coiffure; in fact, insteadad of being resplendent in all the latest vagaries of fashion, this tall, well-made, quiet faced young girl is plainly, neatly, and economi- cally dressed. Unobtrusive as is her costume, yet I'll wager many an ignorant unappreciative boor like my self, who has not the faintest idea of taste, and whose idiotic notions of dress place him quite beyond the pale of all decent society, and the patience of all sensible women — such an out- cast, I say, would probably have the audacity to think, and tbe temerity to say, that this un- known plainly- dressed young person is the very type of what a lady should be like. Vociferous, pushing, struggling, with many panting ejaculations as to the heat and the crowded state of the maita, the mob of passengers make their way into the coaches, and just as there seems some proba- bility of the modest-looking young girl being left behind altogether, one of the porters rushes up with the exclamation, "Mount Barker, Nairne, Little Hampton, Callington ? This your box, Miss? 'Miss Clara Swain, passenger, Gregory's panels ?' Here you are, miss, take your place. Just off." "But I am afraid there is no room," says the young person in the muslin dress, who, it seems, in the Miss Clara Swain aforesaid. "Room, Miss ! Oh, plenty," and the energetic porter, by dint of a little persuasion here, and a touch of authority there, proves beyond doubt that there are still two vacant places on the right-band side, and un- ceremoniously packing Miss Swain in, closes the door with a bang, as the bulky mail bags are handed up to the guard on his little porch be- hind. One— two — three, reverberates from the Post- Office clock, and with a shake of the reins and a brisk "right" from the driver, off start the five high-spirited horses, and away rolls the lumbering coach in a whirling cloud of dust. Plunging in the broad leather traces, and vainly attempt- ing to break into a mad frolicsome gallop, the team rattles round Victoria-square past the Court-Houses, down through the broad half-built streets towards the outskirts of the town, and at last condescending to moderate its pace to a respectable trot, spanks away down the Mount Barker-road. Outside passengers are soon too busily engaged filling their pipes to indulge in much conversation, while inside things are be- ginning to assume a more comfortable look. Un- wieldly parcels have been stowed away beneath the seat, gaunt unbrellas, gifted with an awful propensity for endangering human eyes, ribs, and limbs, have retired from active service in the corners : bags and bundles have fallen on the floor; chesses have been readjusted, shawls polled down, and flounces tugged round, and floshed-looking matrons, who ten minutes since were bitter enemies in their struggle for a seat, aie now exchanging amiable commonplaces about the weather and the inconvenience of travelling by coach. Away with a rumble and rattle and jolt, through the pretty little village of Glen Osmond, and Master Johnny has peeled his orange and spilt the juice over his neighbour's green silk dress, and received the usual maternal lecture for his carelessness. Away with a rattle and rumble and jolt, over rustic bridges, and under the shadow of lofty hills, and Annie has com- menced operations upon her second bun, while the baby has scattered a choice assortment of moist biscuit crumbs over the muslin dress which excited our admiration at the booking office. Its possessor, Miss Swain, looks up with a pleasant smile from the novel she is endeavour ing to read, and as the hilly road steepens, and the ooach gradually changes its swift motion for a tedious crawl, she offers to reliere tne good hnmoured-looking owner of Johnny and Annie and the baby of her youngest charge. Taking the baby in her arms she soon calls forth a fresh display ef infantile jocularity by sundry feminine manoeuvres, mysteriously adapted to the comprehension of its tender mind. Miss Swain in should be used to the manaeament of children, and acquainted with all their little likes and dislikes, for is she not governess in the household of Mrs. Purley White, who, happy woman, is the mother of thirteen, with ages æranging from the infant, Louis Napoleon, aetat : one, to the accomplished Miss Celeste, who has been ' finished' in the orthodox manner at a most aristocratic and expensive Melbourne school, and who has just returned to the parental roof, endowed with an amount of refinement which calls forth the awe and worshipping admiration of her less polished progenitors. Lacking nothing in the way of accomplish- ments, Miss Celeste is prepared to take that position in society for which her gentle birth, good breeding, and acquired talents so ad mirably befit her, and to tho attainment of which laudable object the whole of her elaborate education has apparently been directed. As cultivator of the budding intellects of such a distinguished family, it is not to be wondered at that Miss Swain should find herself at home with children, and indeed her present journey ewea its origin to the advent of a certain wondrous baby that has lately put in an appear- ance at Gregory's Gables. During the winter Mr. and Mrs. Gregory, a young married couple just emerging out of the billing and cooing period of married life, paid a brief visit at Mrs. Purley White's villa residence. During her fchort stay Mrs. Gregory struck up a violent friendibip with Clara Swain, the patient good tempered governess, and on leaving The Mount of Olives, Mrs. Purley White's palatial abode, made "that dear Clara' promise to spend her next Christmas holidays at Gregory's Gabloa, when she might also be kind enough to take a somewhat prominent and responsible part in a certain interesting ceremony expected to take place about that period. The hoped for heir of the whole of the Gregory estates having duly kept his engage ment, and Christmas having arrived, Mis3 Clara Swain, as godmother-elect, is on the road to fulfil her promise of six months sinco. Away with a rattle and rumble and jolt along the winding ridge that overlooks the deep gorges of the cool Mount Lofty Ranges, rolling up with a swaggering insolent air to the door of way-side country post-offices, spinning merrily onward beneath overhanging1 gums and between steep rocky banks, dashing up hill and down dale, and at last the first stage of the journey is over. Away again once more, with a rattie and rumble and jolt, threading the dense scrub, darting out on airy eminences, and flying down steep and sudden curves, then for miles on level roads again, crossing primitive looking bridges, over drfed-up creeks, clattering through cleanly German townships, and waking up the honest Teutons from their chronic state of lethargy and sleep. Away with a rattle and rumble and jolt, and then down goes the brake, and back the steaming horses spring upon their haunches, as amidst an atmosphere of singeing leather the coach is pulled up with a sudden jerk, and Gregory's panels are reached. Waiting for the coach stand Mr. Gregory and a tall boney-shouldered gaunt-figured lady, bearing upon her pinched-up face and display- ing in her grey corkscrew curb the too too evi- dent stamp of determined spinsterhood. No sooner has Miss Clara Swam's smiling face ap- peared at the coach door than energetic little Mr. Gregory rushes up to welcome her, and lend her his assistance in alighting, and this feat being accomplished, tugs at her luggage like a diminutive Hercules, and makes arrangements for its transit to the house. Then with the air and manner of one who feels himself utterly un- worthy to undertake so honourable an office, he with many bows and smiles introduces his com- panion. "Miss Clara Swain, Miss Deborah Tingle," then half aside to Miss Swain, and with a significant glance towards Miss Tingle, "My wife's aunt — a most extraordinary woman— intel- lectual, literary, and all that; writes books and poetry by the bushel. Shouldn't wonder if she is composing a poem of welcome to you now." "Ahem! aunt, when we get home you must let Miss Swain read your 'Scrub Gatherings.' " "A sweetly pretty collection of poems, Miss Swain. Very favourably acknowledged by Her Gracious Majesty the Queen." "If Miss Swain possesses a soul sufficiently poetic to understand and appreciate my humble efforts to depict in glowing words the thrilling scenes of nature, I shall only be too happy to let her read my little offering to the muse," re- turned the prim Miss Tingle, " an offer which is no sooner made than politely accepted by the good-hearted governess, who is too well-bred to laugh at this old maiden lady's little eccen- tricity, Gregory's Gable3 is soon reacbeJ, its pro prietor enlivening the road with running com mentaries upon the many ac-l varied volumes published by ' My wife's aunt' At the door of the Gables, and holding in her maternal arms tho most wonderful baby that tver was bom, stands Mr. Gregory's young wife, impatient to welcome her dearest Clara, and duly exhibit the treasure that has been iriven to Ler since last they met. Having mot and kissed r.nd embraced with a careful eye to the safety and convenience of th9 marvellous baby, the conversation for the next half hour partakes more of the nature of a series of ejaculatory remarks, and might easily be summed up in the upresEions — ''Ob, is'nt he a beauty! Tue ?luck! The pet!' kc, kc, kc, ad injiiiitnm, until the whole vocabulary of praise ia thoroughly exhausted, and sinking nature being in the same deplorable condition, Mr. and Mrs. Gregory, the unparalleled baby, ray wife's aunt, and Miss Swain all sit down to a thoroughly old fathioned bush tea. The greater part of the conversation during tea-time was devoted to a recitation of the remarkable instances of sagacity already dis played by the juvenile Master Gregory. It was affirmed on the highest authority, bein? none other than tho tn-.stworthy testimony of Aunt Tingle, that he bad distinctly been saen to smile at some facetious remarks aiMressed to him by his happy father. Foolth little Mrs. Gregory ehowed two slight, and excepting to the unerring ?ntion of a maternal eye, well-nigh invisible marks upon her fore-finger, made by this extra ordinary child in a ftitile attempt to cut its first tooth. As for poor impulsive Mr. Oregorv, what with elevaticg ' ray wife's aunt's'' genius and literary talent to the' seventh heavens,' and th?n caxn'mg djwn again to exalt Lis son and heir's faculty of distinguishing between ideas to a still higher pedestal, ho w*« pretty busily employed /hiring the social meal. 'My d --.ir,' said ho, 'yon must show Miss Swain thu-o interesting little nfc*iches cf your aunt's. A series of hhort cokHz^l tales, Mis* Swaiu; most touching, I assure you. Published at home; immense cir culation. Hia Excellency wrote through his Private f ecretaryv saying he had never read any. thing like them.'' Then, ia an audible whisper, 'A very clever woman, my wife's aunt; moved in the highest circles; knows the name* and families of all the nobility- at home.' At this somewhat public acknowledgment of ber virtues and attainments Aunt Tingle smiled a lacka daisical smile, and couched an affected senti mental little cough, as who should say, ' None of these things move me; I am well used to the breath of praise.' Then off the little man started on the other tack. 'Child!' said he, ' I never saw such a child in my life; knows everything, I believe. You'd scarcely credit it, Mif s Swain, but it is nevertheless an incontro vertible fact, that that child there watches my every motion, and copies me in all things. Only lart night I found him lying asleep on the floor with a piece of stick in his mouth. Teeth, says my wife. Stuff, say I. He had seen n«j during the hot weather lie upon the sofa and smoke a cigar, and he was just imitating me, the rogue. Wonderfully precocious child!' And so in the praise of the little stranger and the maiden aunt, the cup which cheers but not inebriates and the merry joke passed pleasantly around. As soon as there came a pause in this storm of adulation, lire. Gregory endeavoured to inter pose with a change of subject. ' We have a job for you this evening, if you are not too tired with your journey, Clara, dear,' said she. ' Nothing short of the journey back to town again would tire me, I think.' ' How glorious it must be to find oneself in all the joyous buoyarcy of youth!' parenthetically remarked Aunt Tingle, appropriately turning up her eyes to the ny-Bpotted ceiling of the long, low room. 'Well, Clara,' returned Mrs. Greyory, 'We have promised to get the church decorated for the Christmas service to-morrow and for the christening; and as i shan't very well be able to leave baby I thought Aunt Tingle and you, and John and Mr. Trefusis, who has promised to come across, would manage very nicely. Oh, he's such a nice fellow, is Harry Trefuiis ! and I'm quite, quito sure, you'll fall in love with him. And, Clara, he's got heaps of money! two sta tions in the North, and lots of land round here; and he's awfu ly handsome, and I do so hope he'll' and here, laughing and blushing, the ridiculous little woman incoherently finished her praise of this demi-god as the general utility servant-girl made her appearance at the door with the gratuitous information — ' Please, 'M, and here's Mr. TrowBis, 'M.' Whereupon that estimable young man entered the room, and put , an end to all further conversation concerning bis charms. Bather confused in manner, but with a mis chievous smile still lurking round the corners of ! her mouth, Mrs. Gregory did the honours of the \ house. 'Godfather Trefusis, bachelor, of this , parish; Godmother Swain, spinster, Adelaide. Mis3 Tingle, you know Mr. Trefusis. There, now we are all at home !' — a remark which, if | intended to imply perfect and universal ease, could scarcely be said to apply to Miss Swain, who was blushing up to the roots of her hair, j and hardly knowing which way to look in the 1 confusion caused by such an embarrassing form : of introduction. 'I am afraid Miss Swain will find us rather dull and prosaic up here amongst the hills after the dissipation of Adelaide,' observed Mr. Trefusis, casting about for some safe subject of remark. ' Oh, I don't bee much of the dissipation of the city. I am only a governess, and my expe rience of town life ia school all the week and , church on Sunday — church on Sunday and i school all the week; sometimes by way of a ' change, an instructive lectuitf-, and occasionally | a concert at White's Rooms. Governesses, as a rule, don't complain of excess of pleasure.' ' By Jove ! that's a smart girl,' thought Mr. Trefusis, merely venturing an acquiescence, and, it must be' confessed, somewhat inaue i laugh by way of reply. | ' No ! Clara ha3 ccme up here for a good i rest and plenty of horse exercise. You muat | show her about the country, Harry, you have ' plenty of spare time, while poor John hero is almost worried out of his senses with me, and tho baby, and tho farm.' 'I shall only be too happy,' answered the young .man, '' and shall always bless the young gentleman who was the innocent means of coupling my interests with those of so charming a co-sponsor at the font as— as — as ? It's really very warm,' concluded Mr. Trefusis vaguely, apparently deeply interested in the motion of a particular fleecy cloud across the sky, and endea vouring to uiake things pleasant for himself with tho blundering tact and duplicity peculiar to the masculine gender when it finds itself floundering out of its depth. 'I am afraid I am usurping Miss Tingle's office in this ceremony,' interposod Miss Swa;n, j anxious to break the awkward pause which ensued upon Harry TrefusLs's unfortunate attempt at amiability. ' No, no, no, my dear ! I have always steadily refused to stand godmother; it is such a very solemn responsibility that I am really afraid of undertaking it.' 'How much more, then, should I be nervous of rushing in where you fear to tread, Miss Ting'e.' .But I suppose I mustn't disappoint Mrs. Gregory, even at the risk of failing in my sponsorship; and with Mr. Trefusis to help me, I hope I shall be able to pull throueh. But mind, Mr. Trefusis, you must be answerable for ail the heaviest offences which this young gentleman may take upon himself to commit.' ' Certain}', certainly,' replied the rash young squatter, already over head and ears in love with the pretty, vivacious young godmother; ' but meanwhile suppose we inaugurate the christening ceremony by commencing the decoration of the church.' Away started the party for the little Gothic building situated in a knoll some three miles through the scrub, Mr. Gregory and ' My Wife's Aunt' leading the way, followed by Mr. Trefusis and Clara Swain. 'Those young people are in love with each other, John,' confidentially remarked Aunt Tingle to her admiring nephew as they walked alonjr. ' Do you think so, Aunt?'1 incredulously ques tioned Mr. Gregory, who nevertheless held Miss Tingle's perceptive faculties in the highest esti mation. ' Think so ! of course I do ! I know it. I can pee it in their eyes;' and then, with a Machi vellian depth of cunning for which her most ardent admirer would scarcely have given her credit, she added— 'I shan't be able to help much this evening, John; I have just thought of a fine subject for a poem, and I think I could work out my ideas so nicely in the pulpit while Miss S*ain and Mr. Trefusis are busy down below.' ' But you must stay and do chaperon, Aunt, for I shall have to leave directly we get there. However, there won't be much work to do, for J the school children have been all day gathering | pines, and shrubs, and flowers, and heaping them up iDside the church; and the wreaths are made and the texts written, bo all that needs to be done is merely giving to the whole affair a finishing- touch.' Arrived at the church, everything was foun 1 as Mr. Gregory stated, and, havinz started them | fairly on with 'their work, that anxious husband, j under pretence of being obliged to look over the j farm, made all possible haste back to his little : wife, leaving tho key of the church in ths dojr, j and giving Harry Trefusis strict injunctions to i yee all safely locked up before leaving for hone, j An hour or two passed rapi ily away. Mr. Tre- j fusis and Miss Swain, with all the sociability of old friends, supported each other upon ricketty forms, mutualh assisted in the deiicruin? of fes- j tooLs, together twined wreaths, and cheerfully | went through all the labour of decorating a j church; while Aunt Tingle, like tho most j gracious of the Fates, smiled down upoa them \ from her perch in the pulpit, where, with the aid j rf the parson's pen and the charwoman's flit- ] .-andlestick, she was busily engaged cultivating | the acquaintance of the Muse. Outside the church the uight strode swiftly «-n, and the moon, rising over the surrounding Lil'ls illumined scrub and clearing-, firm and | homestead, with its silvery lyht. Three miles j off, nestliDfr amongst the grand ol-» -urn-trees, could be seen Gregory's Gables, with tho rod light streaming through the diniHg-room winnow; ??nd far away down the dusty road could mdis linctlybe discerned the blurred and dickering J lamp of the wayside public-hoirse. Gradually | growing Irom a dark speck in the distance to a Mack and burly form in the white backgrounds rf road, came slowly down towards the church, and evidently from tho publio-hou?e, a jolly look ng man. As he rolled along in an easy, devil-may-care sort of way, he softly hummed to ; bimwrf Um fag end. of some half -forgotten song, learnt, it may be, on some snowy Christmas Ere patscd in some ruatic village far away in merry England more than twenty yean ago, when he, a shock-headed lad, joined the earol- singen ia their rounds, and never even dreamt of such a place aa South Australia. The old song seems to recall the memory of early sports, and a* he reached the church, and peeping in at the door, Bees the queer figure of the maiden lady in the pulpit and the young couple below, and then catches sight of the tey left in the door, the old boyish spirit of mischief and fun once again wakes up in him, and the inevitable temptation to indulge in one of his ancient sprees comes upon him no strongly that he is obliged to retire to a quiet tombstone and stuff bis great red handkerchief in his mouth for fear of awakening the forett echos with hie uncontrollable burst of laughter. 'My word ! here's a lark. Wouldn't it be a tpree to lock 'en up in the church and take the key up to Mister Gregory's?' asks the irreverent tippler of no one in particular. There being no reproving spirit by to animadvert upon the ncrilegious nature of the act, this elevated old party softly steals to the church and quietly pro ceeds to turn the key and lock the outer door, rasping meanwhile in the most alarming manner frcm behind his red bandanna. Having safely icoomplished this, his unhallowed mirth knows no boundb, and, rolling spasmodically upon the ground in his paroxysms of laughter, the tightly* compressed handkerchief is at last forced from bis mouth, and a noisy echoing shout pours forth upon the air. This relieves him, and to a oertain extent alarms him too, for, cautiously picking himself up, he pursues his way towards Gregory's Gables, for the express purpose of leaving the accidentally discovered key. . ' Did you hear that laughing jackass,' observed Aunt Tingle, who was just in the midst of ber seventh stanza, ' its very late for them to be about in the scrub. I never heard one at this bo-ar before.' 'A Christmas reveller, I expect,' said Mr. IVefusu, coming much nearer the truth in his guess than he imagined. Aunt Tingle made a vigorous attack upon the eighth and last verse, and Mr. Trefusis and Miss Swain proceeded to put the concluding touches to their work. Tho poem and the porch being finished about the same time, the candle of inspiration was blown out, and with one or two observations upon the job of sweeping there would be for the char woman next morning, the party turned to take a last gaze at the decorations as . seen by the light of the young moon, and then made for the poich. 'Bless me! how the door sticks,' said Mr. Trefusis, as he gave it a vigorous tug, 'it must be the heat,' and he gave it yet another pull. 'Good gracious, I hope we not locked in like tlio bride in the ' Mistletoe Bough,' ' exclaimed Aunt Tingle. ' Well, even if we should have met with such a catastrophe, there is not much probability «f our sharing that legendary lady's fate, for the charwoman is certain to be here early in the morning,' philosophically observed the practical g07ernees. Harry Trefusis said nothing, but glanced at tho windows, which were high and narrow, and tujrged untiringly at the door. At last a sudden inspiration seemed to strike him, and kneeling down he applied his eye to tho key-holo. It was as he expected — the key had disappeared, and the door was undoubtedly locked. Turning round to his companions, he with a comical ex pression of despair communicated this disagree able fact to them; and glancing down at his own rotund proportious, and up at the extreme narrowness of the windows, he ruefully thought of £upper-time, and came to the conclusion that they were locked in the church for the night | 1 he first thought that naturally passed through Harry Trefusis's mind wasj 'Are there any other means of egress besides the door.' A momentary glance around the building soon gave a negative answer to this mental ques tion. 'Unfortunately,' said he, 'one very useful portion of my education has been sadly neglected, or I might be scientific enough to pick the lock. As for getting through one of the windows, none of them open, excepting that long narrow one at the end of the church, and it would be an utter impossibility to squeeze my bulky frame through such a straitened pas sage as that affords.' 'Ah, well,' coolly observed Miss Swain, 'I suppose we are locked in for tho night, so we may as well make the best of a bad bargain,' and this philosophical young lady comfortably ecsconced herself in the snuggest corner of the snuggest pew. Now, as it hath aforetime been hinted, Miss Tingle's classical proportions were decidedly angular in their nature; in fact, the pertest Miss Purley White had more than once affirmed, in reference to this second Sappho's lack of graceful cortour, that she was a 'scraggy old skeleton.' Without, however, presuming to cast so dread ful an imputation upon one of the gentlor sex, I shall be quite safe in saying that Aunt Tingle was far from fat; in short, not to put too fine a point upon it, was most lamentably bony and thin. What nature had denied her, however, the poetical old girl made up in art, and by the iiid of sundry mysterieus feminine mechanical contrivances, and with the assistance of an immense crinoline, she made quite a respectable figure. 'Clara, dear,' paid she, ' please jome ovor bere a miuute, will you,' and she blushi igly beckoned to the more stalwart and better developed Clara Swain. A whispered conference, interrupted with broken ejaculations and modest giggles, immediately ensued. In about five minutes, during which period of time Mr. 'I refusis Foftly whistled a most melancholy chant and abstractedly fixed his attention upon a particular swallow's nest amongst the beams, the confabulation came to a close. ' Pray, excuse me, Mr. Trefusis,' said Miss Tingle, ' ' but could you— so very embarrassing — that is to eay, would you, or rather — Really, Clara,' and the poor lady suddenly came to a stop, over powered with modesty and blushes. Tho giod humoured governess came to the rescue of her confused sister. Said she, with a merry twinklo in her eyes, ' Since your inventive genius, Mr. Trefusis, bas failed to discover a means by which we two damsels may escape frcm durance vile; and since that, unlike a true knight, who should be capable of working wonders, you aro content to sit down helplessly with us, Mi3s Tingle here has nobly volunteered to take th* office properly belonging to yourself, and te ba your liberator and mine from our unexpected imprisonment. Therefore, Sir'— and here the young lady's tan;/ froid almost deserted her — ' therefore you must oblige us by turning your head the other way; in fact, remember Lady Godiva and the punish ment that fell upon Peeping Tom for his unholy curiosity, and don't dare to do so much as open your eyes until I give you leave.' Poor Aunt Tingle! what could be the matter with her! The good old soul's face was suffused with blushes, and her whole demeanour betokened that she was in a state of confusion absolutely bordering upon distraction. Like a lamb, as Clara Swain, afterwards expressed it, Harry Trr fusis, without another word of admonition, proceeded to do as he was bidden; but, although commanded to close his eyes, Miss Swain's orders did not deprive the obedient young man of his winse of hearing, and he could not but be aware that some mysterious rite was going on behind. First of all came a little scuffle, then a duet of smothered giggles, and, lastly, a smart clank as of some steel apparatus on the stony floor. 'Now, Mr. Trefiu-is, you can look round.' The young man complied, and saw before him tho towering form of poor Miss Tingle denuded of its circumambient crinoline. 'So very awkward, Mr. Trefusis, but will you! Oh! really, Clara, 1 can't proceed. I, that is— really!'— and once again the young governess came to the rescue of ber sister in distress. 'Now, Sir,' said Bhe, '' be polite enough to assist Miss Tingle through the window.' ' But, as no human being could .??queeze through that narrow place, it's a physical impossibility,' replied the perplexed young man. 'Never you mind, Sir, but do as jou are bid. Now, Mi=s Tingle, here 13 the chair. Mind, take my hand; now one foot on the ledge. Ah! that's all right. Come, Mr. Trefusis, exert yourself a little!' an-i so, with ?^raps of encouragement like these, Miss Swain .it last convinced the doubting knight that the » gress of Aunt Tiogle was a perfectly feasible fait. So narrow, however, was the passage, that it lequired a good deal of squeezing, even of the poetef s's angular proportions, to effect an exit. At la*t, however, she sprang lightly on the sward outside. ' Good night, Clara dear,' aaid the good- natured old girl; ''don't be alarmed; I will soon send Mr. Gregory back with the fcey;' utd off stoitwtod on hvjoorMy through the scrub. Imagine the surprise aod the oonsternatkm of Mr. Gregory when she arrived at Gregory's Gables with the story of the locking in, tad found no key had been delivered at toe boost. 'It's evidently some drunken spree,' said the indignant Churchwarden. ' But what on earth are we to do, John? Poor Clara and Harry Trefuiis can't stay there all sight aod b* starved.' ' Certainly not,' returned the master of. the house. 'I'll tell you what, I had better ride across to Cumberland's; he, as Minister's Warden, keeps another key, you know.' ' Yes, do dear; and while yoa are getting the horse ready Aunt Tingle and I will pack op a basket of provisions, suggested hospitably, j minded Mrs. Gregory. Jobs Gregory, duly charged with encouragement and refreshment for the imprisoned pair, was soon on his way to*axd8thechuich.Asherodcawayfromthefront door that wicked little Mrs. Gregory remarked confidentially to Aunt Tingle that of oeune it was very annoying, but still she tould not help i thinking it was undoubtedly the very best thing i that could possibly have happened;' whereupon, would you believe it ? that deceitful scheming old maiden cheerfully acquiesced with the answer—' Ten, nothing could have come about more nicely.' Nicely, indeed ! The church was soon reached, and the pro visions handed bit by bit through the narrow window. Mr. Gregory was overjoyed to find tbat the unfortunate young people had not up to that point swooned away with fear and exhaus tion ; and admonishing 'them to pitch into the eatables and drinkables, and to Keep up their Fpirit8, he rode on towards Cumberland's, some . ten miles off. | ' Now for a particularly original picnic,' said Harry Tiefusisas he and Clara spread a white ! table-napkin upon the pew seat and arranged j upon its snowy surface the contents of '. thoughtful little Mrs. Gregory's basket. First, ' a cold roast chicken, then a new home-made loaf, then a golden-hued appetising little pieoe of cheese, then a tempting little pat of butter, then a pinch of salt, then a—— 'No!' said , that acknowledged bon vivani Harry Trefusis. | ' No ! Do my eyes deceive me ? It cannot be ! : And yet it is ! it is !— a young green lettuoe, j and as I live a— a— violet. Then last of all a bottle of Simms's colonial ale and a bottle of Gilbert's oldest white wine. What fun it was , cutting up the fowl with Harry Trefusw's pocket knife, for Mrs. Gregory in her haste had for gotten those adjuncts to a feast which the prejudices of society have rendered so iadis jentable. ' This is the jollieet party I was ever at, and the most enjoyable impromptu feed I can ten ember in the whole course of my chequered life,' said the easily-satisfied knight, helping Limself to a wing and pouring his companion in captivity a glass of wine. Then filling up a goblet of Simms's, he lifted it high overhead, and fcaid with a very convivial and shamefully irrtverent manner— 'Your health, Miss Swain, and here's to our next merry meeting.' After that the cool, self-possessed governess began to think it might have been as well had Mrs. Gregory omitted the beer from her petit souper. Time passed away, the feast was finished, and the fragments placed in the basket, but still no signs of Mr. Gregory and the long-expected key. By the light of the solitary tallow candle which bad illuminated them at their meal, the patient prisoners practised tunes upon the harmonium for quite another hour. Still no Mr. Gregory, and still no key. Then the poor lonely young people sat in a pew and talked, and the candle burnt lower and lower, and nickered, and sank, and rose again in a fitful flame, and then went out ; and they were all alone in the moonlight ' Are you tired, Miss Swain V said the smitten Harry. |'Not very, thanks!' returned the strong- minded Clara, feeling ready to drop, but too proud to own it. Mr. Trefusis was evidently afraid of the ghosts, for he drew a little closer to his companion. ' Don't you feel sleepy, Miss Swain?' No answer. He drew still closer. 'Would jou like to rest your head upon my shoulder? I shouldn't mind it at all.' No answer. He listened. Yes, the poor worn-out governess was asleep, and the daring young man gently drew her head upou his arm, and— and felt supremely happy. Day was fast breaking over the hills when Mr. Gregory couie with the key. He had ridden to Cumberland's, and finding him away from home at a party some rix miles off had followed him there, and had been obliged to give his horse a rest before returning on the homeward journey. On the first sound of a horse's hoofs Harry Trefusis had the tact to substitute a cuahioa for his shoulder and the sense to remove himself a particularly suspicious-looking distance from Miss Swain; therefore that lady on awaking was delighted to find it really was a oushion that supported her head and not a certain person's f houlder, as her dreams had somehow led her to believe. The journey home was soon made. Mr. Gregory and Harry Trefusis sat up for a cup of coffee and a cigar, and evidently indulged in a confidential talk, for as tho latter said eood night his friend returned with a smile, ' Good i.ight, old fellow, and good luck to your wooing.' Poor Clara crept quietly tip to her room, and just as the was curling herself up in the cozy little bed Mrs. Gregory in her robe dt chambrt fo mo rushing in, and, covering her with kisses, laughed, and cried, and said— 'Ou, Clara!' and rushed as precipitantly out again. Next morning, or rather that morning, some f-ur hours afterwarde, there was unlimited chaffing and joking at the breakfast table over the two young people. Mr. Gregory, who could tiot understand the disappearance of the key, 1 intcd maliciously that it was all & plan to give lam a thirty-mile midnight ride. Mrs. Gregory cast out more delicate and embarrassing insinu ations, and Aunt Tingle came down in her spectacles and with her fingers dyed in ink, having been up sir.oe six o'clock writing a poem on the romantic theme of two lovers lockod in a church. Just before service time a shock-headed lad, v ithout a word or message of explanation, -left iho lost key upon the doorstep of Gregory's \- tables, and incontinently ran away. This act only made the puzzle more difficult of solution. What necessity is there to tell of the chris tening ? How John Gregory was the happiest father, and little Mrs. Gregory the proudest mother in the land, and how the baby was the admiration of the whele neighbourhood. One incident alone of all the day's proceedings 1 feel called upon to relate. Aa Harry Trefusis, .Aunt Tingle, and Clara Swain walked up the path towards the church a beary-looking individual, who stood amongst the crowd was suddenly i so powerfully affected with some aniubingreminiscence that he found it expedient to retire to the seclusion* of the scrub. Here an ohtervant eye might have seen him stuff a red bandanna in his mouth, while a fine ear would have detected iu sundry gasps and chuckles the sounds of smothered mirth. No ! as I said before, I don't think it worth while to say anything about the Christ mis and christening service in the church, especially as there was a much more interesting ceremony Fome six months afterwards, when Harry Trefusis, bachelor of this parish, did take Clara -?. wain, spinster, to be his wedded wife, to have and 1 o hold from that day forward, for better, for * or? e, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death t Qtm did pfirt, and thereto did plight his troth. And that's what came of Christmas Eve in a i liuicb. — — — DRESS IN JAPAN.— The item of the most importance in a Japanese lady's toilet is her obi, or girdle, which is usually of lady's bright colours, and arranged behind with great care so as to form the camel's hump so popular among our ultra-fashionable belles. The Grecian bend is an old institution in Japan. To see one of her dark- skinned ladies, with her extensive head-dress, a hump upon her back, and extremely narrow skirt, high, wooden-heeled pattens, her body thrown forward, and as she minces her steps you could imagine she was caricaturing the brainless ???ries of fashion in other lands; but she is only dressing as other people have dressed, and walking as they have walked for centuries. The obi serves another purpose in Japan. When a woman becomes a widow she makes no change in it unless she wishes to announce her purpose never to marry again. in which case she ties her obi in ???. How effectual this is to ward off proposals who can know ? but as it is always and everywhere the privilege of a woman to change her mind, it its said the oti occasionally in such a case works its way around to its normal position behind. 