SUNDAY READING. Heresies. [From" The Conflict of Good and Eoilinour ! day," by Eev. F. D. Maurice.'] \ Now, supposing these Epistles (those of th* Apostle Paul to the Romans, Corinthians Galatians, Ephesians, Oolosians, Philippians and Thessalonians) were intended, as we have all said they were, to be guides to the Ohurct in all stages of its history, warnings of thc perils to which it would he exposed, one time as much as another, divine illuminations as tc the method of escaping those perils, and ol maintaining its existence, weeannot doubt, (1.; that sects and heresies of the most opposite kinds would spring up in every part of it taking their shape and colour from various local cir cumstances, would be always seeking to sevei one portion of it from the rest. ''2.) That, tc set up one of these heresies against the other, is the natural tendency of every man. (3.) That whoever indulges that natural tendency assists the growth of heresy as such, while he labours to confute a particular heresy. (-1.1 That every Church which should attempt tc suppress the positive opiniou, or conviction, ol any of its members, must favour thc growth ol heresy within it, and the establishment oi heresy without it. (5.) That every Church which takes this course is likely, at last, to fal] into the radical heresy of denying that Christ is the head of a living hod}', in which His Spirit is seeking to cultivate the thought, belief, practical energy of each member of the body to the utmost, and to bring the thoughts, beliefs, practical energies of all the members into harmony. (C.) That if this heresy is fully developed, the ChurclnFjnust fall into the same condition as thc Jewish nation, when it yielded itself, utterly aud absolutely, to the spirit oí division, and when it said " anathema" to thc Spirit of Jesus. If this be so, our fathers were not abettiug heresy, or establishing heresy, wbon they pro tested against the claim of the Papacy to put down heresy, and to maintain tho faith once delivered to thc saints. They were protesting against an heretical experiment, an experiment which had divided Christendom within itself, an experiment which had continuallyrestrained the work of thc Spirit, in communities and in individuals, and which had issued in the denial of Christ as the actual and present Head of the Church and of mankind. Such a protest was a protest on behalf of a Catholic Church, a Church of Christ, a Church governed by the Holy Spirit. But if 1 defend Protestants on this ground, I am bound to ask, what better apology they have, for any one of the persecutions by which they have endeavoured to extirpate the belief of Bomanists, or of any sect among them selves? If they deny the right of Latins to (.?»stablish a system which excludes Greeks or Protestants from the body of Christ, how dare* they exclude Latins or Greeks, or any man of an'y profession whatever, from His body ? This s «rely is Protestant heresy ; this is put ting a .^Protestant opinion, a notion of ours, or a denial of other men's notions and opinions, in place oí the Son of God. Anti such heresy has boen punished, must be punished, by the multiplication, of heresies. Protestants began Avith asserting men's right to believe, not impli citly, but directly, in Christ. Such a claim necessarily awakened a multitude of thoughts which had been asleep. As they started tip, half bewildered, out of the midst of dreams, they could but assnme partial, often grotesque shapes. By doing justice to each df them, by recognising each as an effort to grasp some part of the truth as it is in Jesus, by urging nil to seek for that spirit of love and power, and a sound mind, who would bring crude thoughts to maturity, irregular and disjointed speculations into unity, these one-sided efforts of earnest minds might have been saved from passing into denials and contradictions of each other; the unity' of the Church might have been saved. But Protestants darted savagely at the weak point, or what seemed to be the weak point, in the statements of any one who was strongly possessed by a belief. He was accused of rebelling against the God whom he lenew that he wished to serve, of rejecting Christ, in whom he knew that he was trying to trust. The possible consequences of his opinion were accurately pointed out. Youug men were warned to avoid him. Many of them being earnest, and not caring for thc judgment .of tho public, were attracted to him ; for he had met some craving in their minds. A school gathered about him.. It fulfilled some of the predictions launched forth against its founder; for it began to dwell much on his denials, on that wherein he opposed other men's faith. 11 was kept alive, even kept in a condition of moderate health, though mixed with symptoms of disease, by persecution. When that ceased, it stood forth, the respectable recognised sect, full of worldly precautions for tiie protection of its own existence, of fichemos for winning pro selytes from other sects ; tolerant while it was apathetic, fierce in any moment, of renovated vigour. This process has been going forward in Protestant lauds ever since the .Reformation ; tho principle, which has been at work in it, is .activo in England at the present tiny. A SUPERFICIAL IIRMEDY. '.There is a disposition to fraternize, nu the .gronud of. indi Huroneo or unbelief. " Wc can not know much," is tho cry of many, "about tho heavenly or unseen world; if there are truths concerning it, they do not concern us. i Let us meet on the broad basis of our earthly interests, or of acts of service to our fellow creatures. Theology may go . where it will,: Well, this scheme is not only announced, it is acted out by strong churchmen, by preachers, and divines of tho High Church and the Low Church Schools. They meet the Unitarians and Quakers, whom they excommunicate, on the ground of earthly interests ; they will buy of either, or sell to either. They meet both, when they are devising sanitary measures for the good of cities, or benevolent measures for employing, if not educating, the poor. * « * * * * * Have not men, who avow infidelity, a right to say, " Whatever you may pretend, theology is that which separates you into little circles. Yon never break loose from those circles j you never take tip your position as men among men, except when you forget it. * * * A BE tTB ft REMEDY. Here, indeed, is a remedy. If I consider what I say I believe, if I determine to hold that fast, I may discover that I have in the ology a much broader as well as firmer meeting ground, with men as men, with men of all kinds and professsons, of all modes and habits of thought, with men who attack my convic tions, with men who are indifferent to their own convictions, than any maxims of trade, of convenience, of modern civilization, of modern tolerance, can supplyi) me with. If I accept the form of my baptism, interpreted by the Apostle of thé Gentiles, as the expression of an actual truth,-I must have a bond of union with Arians, Unitarians, Sabellians, as well as with those who reject the form of baptism, i which I certainly could never obtain, through the necessity of bargaining with them, or sitting with them at dinner parties. I must believe that the God whom I worship is not far from any one of them, that they are in His presence at every moment, that the love of the Father and the ¡ron and the Spirit, is an atmosphere which is surrouning them as mach as it is sur rounding me, that 1 have no right to dwell in it which is not also their right. Í cannot make the acts of the Fatber or the Son dependent on their confession of the Father and the Son. What would become of me, if those acts were dependent on my confession of them ? I can not measure the power of the Spirit over them by their recognition of His power ; if 1 did, I should not be able to account for any of the good thoughts and deeds which must, ac cording to my creed, flow from that Spirit, whicb can have no other source. # * # # * * # Against the notion of being required to adopt a formula, to accept theological refine ments, the age rebels, and will rebel more and more. Instead of complaining that'it is so, let us believe that God has Himself inspired the rebellion, that He may teach us not to believe in a formula, but in the Being of whom the formula speaks. What greater mercy can . He show us than this ? What is more terrible I than to say : " We believe in the Father," and not to draw nigh to Him as if He were the Father ; " We believe in the Son,'' and only to think of Him as shut np in the leaves of a book ; " We believe in the Holy Ghost," and never to own when He convinces us of sin, of righteousness, of judgment; never tobe guided by Him into love and truth P O God ! shatter our formulas, as Thy servant of old brake in pieces the brazen serpent, rather than that they should lead ns to such perdition as this 1 But oh ! by them or without them, by ns or without us, let Thy reconciling Name be revealed to the sons of men, to Jews, Turks, heathens, «nd to us heretics, of all kinds and schools, that we may be one, even as Thou, Father, art m the Son, and tho Son is in Thee, united in the blessed Spirit of peace and holiness for evei\ 