THE WEEK'S NEWS. Inquest.—Mr. J._ Formby, Mayor of Port Adelaide, held an Inquest at the Local Court House on Saturday afternoon, July 19, on the body of Gnstar Soloman Elnaan, a sailor, who was found in the river the previous day. Carl Waunch, master of the Albert WiLhelm, identified the bpdy as that of a seaman of his vessel. He -was missed on July 3, and witness reported him to the police as a deserter. Deceased was on good terms with his shipmates and the officers. Had seen him the worse for drink. Theodore Marin, chief officer, said he last saw the man alive on the 10th inst. between 6 and 7 p.m. He was alone and sober. Did not think he had been on shore since leaving work. About 7 witness gave him permission to go ashore, and he went. Witness remained on board all night, but heard no noise. Three or four other men went on shore with deceased. Had not seen him since. He was always a^quiet man. Alfred Eunson, carpenter of the ship, by the aid of an interpreter said he saw deceased on board between 12 and 1 on the night of the | 10th. He was Arnnlr but could walk, and came to witness's berth. Deponent came on board with him. Went to bed, and told deceased to j — blow the light out, which he did. When wit- j ness went to sleep deceased was still sitting j there. He did not say anything about going J ashore Eg*"", but said he would go to bed. Deceased, witness, and two others went ashore j together, but the other two returned earlier* | Deceased had no quarrel with any one. He paid for some drink for himself and the others. Heard no noise after going to sleep. There was proper convenience on board. Deceased had never threatened to destroy himself. Johann Borjeson, boatswain, recollected deceased re turning to the vessel with the carpenter. He was drunk, but not helpless. The chief officer ■ upon being recalled, said there was a watch man on deck, but he was deaf and dnmb. There was a good stage with a handrope. It would be rather steep when the tide was up. Charles Walker deposed to seeing the body on the stringers of the wharf and giving information to the police. The Jury returned a verdict of " Found drowned." Fatal Occubrence.—On Monday, July 14, one of those apparently trivial accidents, which however end fatally, occurred near the New Reservoir. Mr. William Robert Clutterham, an elderly man, who kept a wine store, was being driven homewards m his own dray by Mr. J. Strathurn, a neighbour, and in the darkness they passed his residence by a few yards. It is thought that while deceased was rising to see his way the horse slipped or started and jerked him backwards, causing his neck to strike on the backboard. He fell out of the dray, and was carried into his house quite paralysed. Mrs. Clutterham came to the door with a light just as the dray passed to direct the driver, and she heard the falL Deceased, who complained of severe pains, seemed to have an idea that ids injuries were fatal, for when taken into the house he said to his family—" I am going to leave you." He lingered till Friday night, and before he died explained how the accident happened as described. No blame is attachable to the driver or deceased's son Thomas, who was 4 with them. Dr. Scott and Dr. Bosch attended ' the sufferer, but would not give a certificate of burial, as it was thought that an inquest might be deemed necessary. Mr. R. S. Kelly, J.P., however, heard the statements of those who were present when the accident happened, and he did not consider it needful to call a Jury together. Accident.—Emma, a black woman, was taken to the Adelaide Hospital on Saturday, July 19, with a broken leg, a result of her having fallen from a dray on the Glenelg-road. The limb was on Sunday amputated. Mine Mishap.—At the north shaft of the South Kangaroo Company's Claim on Thursday, July 17, as the day's work was nearly over, the lug of the last bucket of dirt that was being drawn to the surface gave way, and the bucket and stuff went 40 feet to the bottom. A man was about to ascend the shaft, and had a narrow escape from injury if not death, as the descend ing mass just missed him. This is the second occurrence of the kind on the line of reef, and precautions should certainly be taken as far as possible to prevent such accidents happening. Child - Murder—The Watch reports:—" A young woman named Catherine Peters was, on Tuesday evening, at Mount Gambier, arrested on the authority of a Victorian warrant charging her with being implicated in the murder of her illegitimate child at the Dairy Station, near Dartmoor, several months ago. The particulars of the case have not yet transpired, but as she was sent to Dartmeor on Thursday morning the case will soon occupy the attention of a Victorian Court." Mail Coach Mishap.—On Monday, July 21, about 8 a.m., when the Meadows conveyance, in charge of Mr. R. George, descended the hill near Mr. Kernot's residence, in Coromandel Valley, the off-belt of the swingletree snapped. This ca1 ,«ed the team to kick and run away, capsizing the occupants of the coach with mail bags, &c.; The passengers, except an eld lady, Mrs. Jarvis, escaped with a few bruises and scratches ; but she had to be conveyed home a distance of 18 miles. Dr. Webster, of Clarendon, was sent for, who found that there had been a splintering of the socket of the left arm. The patient is now progressing favourably. Mrs. Jarvis has an afflicted husband and a large family who look to her for support, so that the case of this household is hard. No blame can be attached to Mr. George, who is a careful and experienced driver, in whom the residents along the route place implicit confidence, and at the time of this accident he acted courage ously and promptly. Diphtheria.—The Herald of Kapunda is in formed that diphtheria is now prevalent in the neighbourhood of Freeling. A farmer named Crawley, living about three miles this side of Freeling, has lost two children by this con tagious disease, and a third child is so seriously ill with the same complaint that it is not ex pected to recover. Public Health at Moonta.—Dr. Bull, of Moonta, writes to us (July 18) to contradict most absolutely the statements contained in our recent paragraph headed " Fever and Diph theria." The doctor assures us that no part of the paragraph is really correct except that part of it which mentions the death of the poor girl whose funeral was so largely attended. We subjoin the conclusion of his letter:— " In giving these comforting assurances to the public, 1 am permitted also to associate the names of my two colleagues, Drs. Dickie and Todman. We have none of us met with or heard of a single case of measles or other eruptive fever ; and in our experience, which necessarily grasps almost the whole of the mining community, the cases of the other dire diseases mentioned have been happily few and far between. I am, Sir, &c.;, Geo. Bull, A. et M.B. Physician, and one of the Moonta Mines Surgeons. " The statements we have published reached us from our ordinary news correspondent, whose communications we regard as trustworthy, and similar information has been repeatedly "given in the Wallaroo and Moonta Press. Several days ago we mentioned that the number of deaths registered in Moonta during June, 1872, was 35, whereas the total for the same month of the previous year was 14. These comparative figures indicate rather a serious state of affairs, even when the increased population is considered. The New Ministry.—On Tuesday morning, July 22, the new Ministry were sworn in, and it is understood they will not ask His Excellency for any further prorogation, but will be pre pared to meet Parliament on Friday next. Engines in Streets. — On Monday, July 21, the Glenelg Corporation at a special meeting gave the Glenelg Railway Company permission to take a locomotive slowly along the Jetty-road. British-Australian Telegraph.—We are informed that Mr. Squier, the Manager of the British-Australian Telegraph at Port Darwin, purposes leaving the Northern Territory by the steamer Omeo on a visit to Adelaide. Mr. Squier, who has obtained leave of absence on account of ill-health, will be accompanied by his wife. A Point of Agreement.—The Kapunda corre spondent of the Gawler paper, referring to Northern Territory reefs, remarks:—"But the fact is everybody seems to be waiting for the results of the first grand crushing. A great many letters have been received by our towns men per Gothenburg, from their friends and relatives_ in the Northern Territory, which, though interesting, fail to convey any definite information as to the value of the respective claims. All the correspondents, however, agree in one thing—that beer is 4s. a bottle!" . Episcopal.—The Bishop of Adelaide, we are informed, returned on July 22 from Streaky Bay, where he consecrated the pretty little Church of St. Augustine. Including Poonindie nud Port Lincoln, he visited in his trip 19 places and stations, held 25 services, besides baptismal ditto, at which over 300 persons attended, exclusive of Poonindie and Port Lincoln, bap tized 25 children, confirmed 17, administered the communion to 22. The journey occupied 22 days. Besides the voyage to and from Port Lincoln, more than 400 miles of road were tra velled. The weather proved propitious, and the mission tour has left very pleasing remini scences, both from the hearty welcome tendered to the Bishop and the gladness with which the inhabitants of every denomination availed them selves of the opportunities of religious worship. The need of State aid for schools in the Areas of Lake Wangary and Warrow was sadly manifest. EflwaoB.—On Sunday afternoon by an ex plosion of sprits at the Black Eagle Hotel, Hindmarsh-square, a son of the landlord was seriously injured. Mr. Carl Gore's third son John, aged 17, was taking ram from a three quarter cask in the bar about 4 p.m., and had filled two bottles with spirit, when some having dripped upon the floor he set a match to light it. The ram at once took fire, and as the tap was turned three-quarters on the fire com municated with the contents of the cask, which exploded. The lad was very severely burnt all over his body. He was at once removed from his father's house to the Adelaide Hospital where he fingered till Wednesday, when death put an end to his sufferings. A report of the inquest willbe found in smother part of our issue. The cask struck the ceiling leaving a mark there, and in falling smashed a table. THE GERMAN CLUB. —We learn from the Ade laideZeifaMnthaton J uly 15 the anniversaryof the above-named Association was celebrated by a °jd at the Society's Hall, which was tastefiilly decorated. After an excellent spread, provided by Host Jureit, Dr. Lecroix, who pre 1Pr0PO864 "The Queen," which toast was cordially received, the band playing the National Anthem. " The Emperor of Ger> many' mid "The Governor" were also heartily honoured. The following telegram from Mr. if* A-Kopsch, of Sydney, who was formerly the President of the Society, was read:— Jlearty congratulations on your anni versary; May the Society in future be successful, and think of me as a friend." ihe Chairman gave " The German Club " menfaomng that this was the 19th anniversary. He believed that much good had been done by the Society, and that it would continue to be successful. The entertainments they were in the habit of holding had lost none of their charms; and, though^ the members were not so numerous as was desired, yet progress might be reasonably expected. Additions to the library were shortly expected. A Committee had been appointed to revise the regulations, which would remain in force until next Sep tember. He hoped and believed that the general efforts which were being made would cause^ the Association to progress, and render it, as an institution, the means of doing greater good for the German commu nity. Mr. Bocker gave some details regarding the prosperity of the Club. Messrs. A. H. F. Bartels and W. Eggers having briefly spoken, Mr. Knehauff, M.P., said that among others they ought not to forget the names of Messrs. Serin, Ziegler, Uhlmann, and Kopsch (now in Sydney), who 19 years ago founded the institution, which was now a centre of German unity, and a place where German sociality and cheerfulness were cultivated. Mr. Senn replied on behalf of the founders. They had not expected 19 years ago that the Society would ever be able to claim as members a Mayor of the city, a member of Parliament, and the Consul for Germany. Messrs. Yung, Mansfield, and O. Ziegler having spoken the proceedings closed. An apology for absence was received from the President, Mr. T. Blitcfisch, who was ill. During the evening Schrader's Band contributed musical selections. New Churches. — At Moonta the rather singular aspect of affairs is presented that at one and the same time no fewer than three hand some and commodious churches are proposed. Tenders have been invited for the erection of a Bible Christian, Anglican> and Wesleyan Church, and in each instance, we believe, it is intended to proceed with the erection of a suitable edifice. We have been favoured with an in spection of the plan of the first-named struc ture, designed by Mr. Jones, C.E., iu the Italian (or, as we have heard it termed, the Lombardic) style of architecture. It exhibits a very neat elevation, with large double central door, having a window on either side, and sur mounted by a triple-light window, each with suitable mouldings and string course. The latter is continued around the building, uniting ■with the label mouldings round the heads of the six windows on either side of the edifice. These windows are divided in the direction of their width by panelled stonework, permitting of the insertion of a strong bar-bond, all round the buildiDg. The interior dimensions are 66 feet by 37 feet, and 23 feet from the floor to the ceiling. It is designed to afford comfortable sitting accommodation for 400 persons, the seats being divided by two aisles ; but there will be room for the erection of galleries whenever they may be required. We hope shortly to be able to furnish a description of the other two buildings mentioned, which were designed, the Anglican by Mr. Jones, C.E., and the Wesleyan by Mr Rees, C.E., of Adelaide.—Fortes Penin sula Advertiser.—The offers of Messrs. Hague and Lake and Prestly k, Co. have been accepted to build the new AngHcan Church. The total of the joint tenders is over £1,300. The Gothenburg, fob Port Darwin.—This steamer left the Port Adelaide Wharf on Tuesday shortly after 3 p.m. She takes 32 passengers m the cabin and 27 in the steerage, besides *1 grooms—in all 80 persons—and has horses on board, owned as follows South Australian Prospecting Company, 3; Northern .territory Prospecting, 3 ; Virginia Pros pecting, 3 ; Thompson's Mining, 6; Electric 2; Enterprise, 2; Tumbling Waters, 1- E.' L. Ifould 3; E M. Bagot, 3; Miller and Kickards, 1.^ She has also about 400 tons of stores, machinery, and general cargo. Amongst the passengers there are two sent by the English Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank and 14 for the Telegraph Department. The following Mining Companies are also represented: Vir ginia, Electric, Tumbling Waters, Kapunda ProspectiBg, North Australian, South Austra lian, Kapunda Mine, Royal Sovereign, and Westcotts. There was a large gathering of people on the wharf, and the steamer moved off amidst hearty cheers from those on board and on shore. The list of pas sengers is subjoined:—Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas, Mrs. and Miss Barlow, Messrs. J. Lindsay! Beetson, John Frew, Thos. Davidson, Wm Barlow, Connor, ». Gunther, C. Keenan, M Donovan, J. Ferguson, Wilday, J. W. King, Ifould, J. Gaylard, R. Loftus, E. H. Boucher, J. Francis, W. Steed, G. N. Fitzgerald, D. Haly, Mrs. Osterman and son, McRewau, J. Anthony, and C. Jaensch, in the cabin ; , Richards, T« Seally, Malcolm, . Phillips, Painton, Beasley, J. Whale, Joseph Hughes, Wm. Lewis, Alfred Reyner, John Hewitson, J. Chisholm, J. T. Harrison, Daniel Thomas, Jas. Hosking, Wm. Hobby, John Saunders, James Watts, T. W. Wittwer W Carlyon, W. Lauchs, Thos. Neate, Wm! i Fraser, Walter Soward, Edward Wreford H Boase, George Bickle, Richard Gluyas, Edward Barnes George Hughes, John Smith, Henry Partridge, Thos. Carmichael, J. Roberts, J Benratty, E. Olifent, Peterson, F. Rawson W. Hodby, Chas. Smith, W. Haywood, J. Hutchinson, John Ratallock, Richard Thompson Joseph Hughes, John Shaw, and Daniel Megius! in the steerage. Roman Catholicism and Friendlt Societies. The Melbourne Daily Telegraph lately wrote :— The Roman Catholic mind has been agitated for some time past by declarations that all Friendly Societies—Oddfellows and Foresters and their kith and kin—have been placed under anathema, and the correspondence revealing the tiue state of the case would be read with much interest. It clears Bishop Goold from all charge of personal intolerance, for his hand, it appears is slow to carry out the law rather than hasty to strike offenders. But it also leaves loyal Roman Catholics little doubt of the position of the so called secret Societies. Rome has denounced the Freemasons with great severity, and these minor Orders of Foresters and Oddfellows are included in the fulminations, so that the Sand hurst priests who are refusing communion to the members of such bodies have—as faithful disciples—good grounds for their extreme and sensational action. Pius the Ninth has been declared infallible, and there can be no dispute about the meaning of his dictum. In the solemn _ moment when the sinner enters the confessional to unbosom himself before Heaven all secrets are required to be made known, and Rome objects to Societies which have .mysteries'—even passwords—that may not be revealed there, as though the Order or Society were above the Church." Intoxication.—A correspondent ("Homo") wrote to ns the other day about a recent case of death at a public-house throcgh excessive drinking. ^ The letter being unaccompanied by the writer s name and address (in confidence) was destroyed, and he has now written a second letter, in which he gives his name, but not his address; thus failing in any way to identify him self. However, as his remarks this time have only a general application, and are such as must secure the approval of every right-thinking man, we have much pleasure in appending them with our hearty endorsement:—"Although not a teetotaller or a Good Templar, yet I think it is painfully manifest that drunkenness brings incalculable mischief and misery upon the com munity. No doubt the poor inebriates are primarily responsible, although the invete rate drunkard has almost, if not alto gether, lost the power of self - control ■ but there really ought to be something done' by the administrators of the law to bring to justice those unscrupulous publicans who aid and abet the degradation of the drunkard. Much is spoken and written of the great public benefits to be derived from immigration, but what an advantage it would be to the commuity if many of our present population were of tem perate habits instead of the opposite. And I would suggest to the Good Templars, let the reclamation of the drunkard and the establish ment of an Inebriates' Asylum be made pro minent parts of their programme, and they will deserve well of their country." j Wesleyan Home Missions. — The annual public meeting of the above mission was held in Pirie-street Church on Monday evening July 21. There was a good attendance, and Mr. J. Colton, J.P., presided. The Secretary, Mr. P. T. Scott, read the report, which has already been published. Addresses upon the importance of carrying on missionary work with earnestness and faithful adherence to the teach ings of Scripture were delivered. The Revs. W. L. Binks, 6. W. Patchell, M.A., A. J. Bogle, and ethers were on. the platform. The spiritual wants of the Northern Territory and the extensive fields of labour which have been lately opened up for missionary enterprise in other directions were spoken of, and people who desired to see Christianity progress were . exhorted to aid efforts in that direction. Mr. Jas. Scott proposed, and' Mr. J. S. Greer seconded, "That the report be adopted, and that this meeting expresses its devout Mianlra to Almighty God for the success which has attended the Home Mission this year." Carried. The Rev. A. J. Bogle moved, and the Rev. W. L. Binks seconded, "That considering the various openings of Providence for the spread of the Gospel in this colony, and the numerous claims upon the Home Mission Fund, *t»fn meet ing pledges itself to increased liberality and prayer -for its sustentation and extension." Carried^ The choir rendered selections of sacred music during the evening. About £20 was raised at the meeting and Sunday collec tions. Work op Abt. — Mr. W. W. Hoare, late assistant-surgeon and artist of Mr. Goyder's Expedition, has executed an admirable copy of one of J. E. Herring's farm scenes, wherein three well-bred, well-groomed, glossy-coated steeds are represented as standing in a yard with the complacent look of comfort that properly-tendea beasts should possess. In their company are grouped a few fine porkers and several fowls, the whole forming a pleasingly familiar country scene true to life. Mr. Hoare has reproduced the picture very creditably. It is on view at Wigg & Son's. Stranding op the Prince of Wares.— When the enquiry into the stranding of this vessel was held on June 23, it was deemed advisable by the Court to withhold the evidence from the reporters till after the opinion of the Marine Board had been obtained. The Board having now sanctioned the publication, the evidence has been handed to the Watch by Mr. Turner, S.M. The report was as follows:— " The President of the Marine Board, Pert Ade laide. Sir—I have the honour to report as follows on the evidence given at an enquiry held by me, at request of Captain French, on the wreck of the Prince of Wales at Port Mac Donnell, first premising that I am not a nautical man, viz.—It appears to me that the immediate cause of the disaster was the weak ness of the ship's cables, either from age and rust, or from their not being sufficiently heavy and large to hold a vessel of the size of the Prince of Wales in an open roadstead. I arrive at this conclusion from the fact that the wind and sea on the night in question were moderate. The Government moorings were not in fault, although it was unfortunate that the ship's hawse holes were not large enough to take the Government chain on board. The vessel was placed in tfie position she occupied at the moorings with the concurrence of the Harbour Master, and his directions as to mooring, and also as to proceeding to sea should it come cn to blow, were followed as far as was possible under the circumstances. As far as I can judge from the evidence the master did all he could after the first chain parted to cant the ship's head round and get sail on her, and that in this respect no blame attaches to him. In con clusion, I believe that had the ship's cables been of the strength which, is usual and necessary in vessels of her size, the Prince of Wales weuld have ridden out in safety any wind or sea there was on the night she was stranded. In support of this view I would point out that although the captain gave orders to call him immediately should the wind or sea rise during the night, the watch on deck, which was relieved every hour, reported nothing extraordinary until the rattling of the chain was heard in the hawse rtipe, and the cable was found to have parted. I have, &c.;, R. J. Turner, S.M." Testimonial.—Captain Pearce, of the steamer Gothenburg, has, by good seamanship, agreeable manners, and an evident desire to promote the comfort of his passengers, secured their esteem, and on Monday night, July 21, a number of gentlemen who had sailed with him met at the Prince Alfred Hotel to present him with a complimentary address, which was beautifully engrossed by Mr. Musgrave, of Melbourne. Mr. A- D. Gore presided, and proposed " The Health of Captain Pearce," who cordially re sponded. After the " Mineral Interests of the Northern Territory" and other toasts had been honoured the proceedings closed. Vessel for the Government Service.—A special meeting of the Marine Board was held on Monday, July 21, to receive tenders for the charter or sale of a vessel to replace the schooner Flinders, recently lost at MacDonnell Bay. An offer was sent by Messrs. P. Levi and Co., of the barque John George; Mr. R. Honey, of the schooner Eclipse; Mr. H. D. Dale, the schooner Lucy and Adelaide and the Kate Monegan; and Mr. J. Martin, of the Eclair. The Board declined to recommend any of the tenders for acceptance, and on the motion of Captain Smith it was resolved, "That the Board, having reliable information that a steamer suitable for Government purposes could be constructed in Sydney, recommend that the Board accept the best offer available for temporary service in the interim, and strongly urge on the Government the necessity of at once ordering a steamer from Sydney." The Glenelg -Railway Garriages.—Mr. Duryea has sent us a very excellent photograph, representing the engine, with two carriages attached, just issuing from the Glenelg Railway Station on South-terrace. To those who have not seen the carriages the picture will give a fair idea of their convenience and comfort. But we presume they will soon be running regularly, and then, as business, pleasure, or curiosity is sure to take every one te Glenelg, the merits of the line and of the rolling stock will be prac tically tested. The River Districts.—From Wentworth, on July 21, our local correspondent wrote:—" There was no mail from Bourke last night. This does not look pleasant, and it is feared that the River Darling is so high up there that the mails can not travel. This supposition is making the people on the Lower Darling feel rather fidgetty on account of doubts as to whether there is to be another flood to wash them out of houses and homes again. The Government are likely to recommence road- making in Wentworth forth with; hut if a flood comes all the good the work will do will be slight." The following are extracts from mercantile letters:—"Mallee Cliffs, July 19.—The river here is rising slowly, and the weather is very dry with cold frosty nights." " Wentworth, July 21.—We have no mail from Bourke this week. The flooded state of the country has prevented its catching the down mail." Football.—A return match took place at Kensington Park on Saturday afternoon, July 19\. Port players arrived in an omnibus drawn by four greys soon after 3 o'clock, accompanied by the Port Adelaide Brass Band. The weather was beautiful, and when the game began there was a large assemblage of spectators. The Kensingtonians mustered a strong team, and kept the ball iu their opponents' quarters for a considerable part of the time. After several near " shaves" J. Hall obtained a free kick in front of the goal and secured number one for the Kensingtons. A short adjournmen was followed by the goals being changed, and play was resumed with vigour for about 20 minutes, and W. Gwynne kicked the second goal for the local Club. The contest was con tinued till" sundown, when, after cheers for the players, umpires, &c.;, the Ports left for home. Messrs. S. G. Kingston and J. Fletcher acted as Umpires for the Kensington and Port Clubs respectively. The players were:—For Kensing ton—Crooks (Captain), H, Perry, Sholl, Opton, W. Gwynne, T. Pope, A. Lucas, EL Hall. T. Hall, J. Hall, Goldsmith, F. C. Aldridge, Scott, C. Barton, C. Hargrave, B, Moulden, Gliddon, Sunter, H. Noltenius, Selth, H. Hughes, RandalL PortAdelaide—Sparnon (Captain), Tyzack, Ford, J. A. Rann, R. Rann, W. Carr, J. Counsell,Kelly, Ash wood, Middleton, Warren, T. Newman, Wade, Williams, Trimmer, Bickers, Le Mes surier, W. Fletcher, F. Ireland, and three others, whose names we could not obtain. A Warning to Larrikins.—Referring to a recent incident at Mount Gambier, the Boi-der Waldo of July 16 says:—"For some time Dr. Wehl has suffered considerable annoyance by having his horses let out of the stable and yards at night by some unknown ill-disposed persons. So systematically had this been done that a few nights ago it was determined to watch the stable, the person in charge being armed with a gun loaded with powder and saltpetre. On Sunday night, a little before 11 o'clock, the_ watchman observed two persons, whom he believed to be well-known l&rrakins;, crawling cautiously up to the stable. They were about to open the door when he fired at them. Almost simultaneously the intruders made a desperate leap, screamed, and disappeared in the darkness. It is conjec tured that, whoever they were, they will for some time have to practice standing at meals, &c.;" Professional. — We understand that Dr. Forster is about te quit Mount Barker, to resume the practice ef his profession at Hind marsh. Trks Tobacco Plant.—The Clare paper says: —" jtffrrmer on the Broughton last' week cat conn Bome tobacco plante oh his premises, and threw the branches to pigs. They readily ate the. .green leaves,: and shortly after showed symptoms of poisoning. One pig died from the effects of the plant, bnt the other gradually recovered. The farmer had no idea that such consequences would follow the eating of tobacco, and it is well that people should know what plants are fit for food, and those that are poisonous." Mill on Belaue Area. — Mr. Trilling is building at Jamestown a mill which is intended to have three pairs of stones, and to be ready for work in November. The Riveb Traders.—The Melbourne cor respondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes:— " They talk of their bigstreams in the Americas —their Mississippis, "Hudsons, Ohios, their Amazons, La Platas, and more; bnt it appears we can do something in this line even in Aus tralia, riverless as she was once supposed to be. If you-went a long river sail, for example, you can start now from Albury, and in due time find yourself down the Murray, up the Darling, and at FortBourke—a trifling little sail of omytwo thousand three hundred and sixty- six miles. Pretty good, that! And yon can do it, too, for something like twenty pounds. Tou can, in fret, almost reach the death-place of Burke and Wills for the sum mentioned, and with far less trouble than the late explorers met in getting to the Murray only some nine or ten years ago. A great change, truly! Speaking of the Darling, 1 may as well say that very great efforts are being made by Adelaide to secure the wool trade of that river and of the Lower Murray this season, but the {merchants of that city will not be allowed to have it all their own way. Thanks to their freer tariff, the merchants of South Australia can supply the squatters in those regions with stores cheaper than Melbourne men can do, and they are endeavouring to bring the whole of the trade to Victor Harbour. Hitherto the greater quantity of the Darling and Murrumbidgee wool has come to Melbourne through Messrs. William MeCullech & Co., and that firm are now hard at work to maintain the prestige of this city as the port of shipment. They ask some concessions from the Railway Department, and if they receive them the wool will come here as before; if they are refused, they will transfer that branch of their business to a branch of their firm to be established at Victor Harbour." The Cochineal Tree.—We learn that Dr. Schomburgk has succeeded in introducing from Queensland a specimen of the cochineal tree with branches covered with the insect from which it takes its name. The Quinine-Tree.—The late Commissioner of Crown Lands has brought from Port Darwin specimens of the bark of the tree known as the quinine-tree. It produces an intense bitter, and steps are to be taken to test its qualities for medicinal purposes. Housebreaking at Old Tarpeena.—The case against William Lamb, for housebreaking and theft, and that against William Moulden and A. Wright for theft, at Old Tarpeena, occupied the Mount Gambier Police Court for several hours on Monday, July 14. The evidence (the Watch remarks) revealed a very questionable state of affairs generally at Tarpeena, The result of the investigation was that Lamb was committed for trial, and the other two prisoners were discharged. Bail to the amount of £200 was required as security for liberating Lamb, and four residents of Mount Gambier entered into the necessary recognizances for £50 each. The prisoner was therefore liberated. The Entertainment at the Lunatic Asylum.—On Friday evening, the 18th instant, the Unitarian Mutual Improvement Society, assisted by musical friends, gave an entertain ment to the. inmates of the Parkside Asylum, the Rev. J. Crawford Woods, B.A., occupying the chair. The programme was in the main a repetition of a very successful one that had been given a short tune ago to the inmates of the old institution at Adelaide, the list comprising concerted musical pieces, recitations, readings, and sengs. The proceedings commenced with an effective overture on the flute, violin, and piano, by Messrs. Pybus, Chapman, and Proctor. Mrs. Proctor sang two songs sweetly, and was loudly applauded. .A very clever imitation of the Highland bagpipes by Mr. Chapman set the whole room laughing. The entertainment throughout, thanks to the care with which the amateur performers had Bestowed on their parts, was excellent. Theatre Services.—The attendance at the Theatre Royal on Sunday evening, July 20, was again very large. There were upon the platform the Revs. C. B. Symes, B.A., F. W. Cox, J. Bickford, J. Lyall, and W. P. Wells. Mr. Bickford discoursed from the words " lie is able also to save to the uttermost all that come unto Him"—Hebrews viL 25. He dwelt upon the redeeming power of Christ, and on the duties and privileges of the Christian life. Much attention was shown during the service, which concluded with devotional exercises. Next Sunday evening Rev. S. Mead, M. A., LL.B., it is announced will preach. The Melanesian Mission.—The subjoined letter addressed to a gentleman in Adelaide will be read with interest by the friends of the Mission:—" Auckland, June 16, 1873. My dear Sir—On my arrival here a few days ago to meet our fresk fellow-labourers, Messrs. John Selwyn and Still, I found matters sufficiently advanced to enable us to decide upon plans for our new vessel. While in the islands the great advantage of a low power of steam, wljieh would keep us off reefs, and enable us to make in a calm the points from which we carry on our work, was very much before our minds; but we hardly hoped to be able to furnish ourselves with such assistance. In the meanwhile the subject had been discussed and thoroughly considered by our friends here, and when we met we determined to supply the New Southern Cross with an auxiliary screw. The outlay at first no doubt is considerable, but the annual expense is calculated at not so much as £100. The gain to our work will be immense. We do not pro pose more than a power of steam that will move us four knots in a calm, and the coal we can carry will enable us to steam in that way for 20 days, which is a longer time than we might expect to be in want of steam-power for lack of wind. We have therefore undertaken a con tract for the new vessel, and it remains that I should request you to be so good as to forward whatever fcollections have been made in your colony towards this purpose to the 'Mela nesian Mission New Ship Account,' at the Union Bank of Australia in Auckland. We have every hope that the friends of the Mission will approve of the step we have taken. If it is in our power to provide the Mission with a vessel perfectly well fitted for the work, I con ceive that we should be to blame if we did not avail ourselves of so favourable circumstances. We have already made one round of the islands, in which we were much hindered by cafms and light unfavourable winds. We start again very shortly for another four months' cruise. Mr. Selwyn is unable to undertake a voyage at once, but we shall have Mr. Still's company. When we return, as we hope, from our voyage, we shall make public as usual the general character and results of it. With many thanks for your con tinual assistance of our Misston, I remain, my dear Sir, your's most sincerely, R. H. CODBINGTON." Religious Services on the Abeas.—On the Booyoolee Area a Wesleyan Chapel is about to be built, the private room in which services have hitherto been held being too small for the con gregation. Canon Farr, the Rev. Mr. Lang (Bible Christian), and the Rev. Mr. Weir (Primi tive Methodist), have lately visited the township of Laura. Melbourne-street Wesleyan Church. — The Rev. J. Bickford lectured to a crowded audience in aid of the above Church on Thurs day evening, July 17, upon " The West Indies; their discovery, and ancient inhabitants;'" treat ing the subject instructively. The lecture was diversified by songs, duets, &e.;, being introduced by Mesdames Smart, Hull, and Newberry, and Messrs. Smart, Reinecke, and Felstead. Mr. Hall's brilliantly played overture on the piano was much admired. The Sydney Prize Picture.—We have already referred to Mr. Deering's picture, which took the "Campbell prize" of 25 guineas this year at Sydney, and we have now received a coloured copy which sufficiently indicates the high merit of the original. This we shall be happy to show to those who feel an interest in such matters. The subject is "The Channel Pilot, running out during a heavy gale to a vessel in distress," and the appropriate lines from Campbell are attached— " Ye mariners of England That guard our native seas, Whose flag has braved a thousand years The battTe and the breeze." British-Australian Telegraph Company, Limited.—The number of telegrams trans mitted through this Company's cable from Port Darwin for the week encfing'Saturday, July 19, were:— Sent from the Sent to the Colonies. Colonies. South Australia ... ... 7 6 Victoria ... 38 56 New South Wales ... 29 35 Queensland ... 5 7 Tasmania ? ? New Zealand ..." 7 10 Totals ... 86 114 Grand total, 200. Shearers' Union.—A meeting'of this Society was held at the Back's Head Hotel on Wednes day evening, July 23. Abont 25 members were present, and Mr. P. Lynch presided. • It will be remembered that at .the previous meeting, a Committee was appointed to. prepare.'a fair agreement as between master and The draft was read, and after considerable discussion was adopted. The agreement provides that if a shearer leaves the shed before the clipping is finished, or does not average 40 head per day, he must allow a reduction from his wages equal to ■ his expenses to the station. The price was euterea as £1 per 100 sheep. It was resolved to send circulars to the various stations, and . thus enroll the names of persons willing to join the Union. We publish below, at the request of the Committee, a copy of one of the agreements in force last year:— "We the undersigned, experienced shearers, agree to shear this season, , at the woolshed on the —— station, for —, on the following conditions, and to abide by the following rules : —Working hours to be from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.; i one hour allowed for breakfast and one hour, for dinner; all time to be kept by the Overseer. Sheep to be shorn close, and trimmed to the satisfaction of the Overseer. No man to illtreat his Bheep in any way; should he do so he is to pay for the injury according to the value of the damage inflicted. Any shearer loitering in the kitchen, or absenting himself without leave from the shed during working hours, to be charged 3s. per day, to be deducted on settlement. Swearing and singing prohibited. Price to be | 35s. per hundred sheep, to be paid when all the : sheep on the said station shall have been shorn. Rations provided by master according to the usual scale. Each man to continue shearing under this agreement during the whole season, unless rick or disabled; otherwise to forfeit the whole of the shearing-money. Any shearer dis charged for bad shearing or misconduct, of which the Overseer for the time being shall be sole judge, to forfeit the whole of his shearing money. Payment to be made by money order, drawn by the Overseer on the Master, payable in Adelaide." The Late Father Exntebockeb, S.J.—It will be remembered that the Rev. Father Hinterocker, a respected clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church, died while on a visit to Hobart Town in October of last year. It was, after much correspondence had passed, arranged that his remains should be brought to South Australia to be reinterred in the vicinity of St. Ignatius Church, Norwood, where he ministered, and the body arrived at Port Adelaide in the Camilla. On Wednesday, July 23, the corpse was conveyed by rail to the city, and thence to the Catholic Church in Norwood. At the Rail way Station a large crowd collected, and North terrace was lined with spectators, numbers of whom followed the procession through King William and Bundle streets, and some to its destination. The cortege consisted of about 30 vehicles, and was preceded by the children be longing to the Sunday-school of St. Ignatius. Among those who followed the hearse we noticed the Very Rev. C. A. Reynolds (Admi nistrator of the Diocese), the Revs. F. Byrne, P. Corcoran, C. McCloskev, Theo. Bongaerts, C. van der Heyden, J. Tappeiner, S. J., Dr. Gunson, Messrs. L. Hewett, W. W. Hewett, C. J. Fox, E. J. Peake, S.M., J. B. Siebert, Malcolm Davis, J. W. Egan, F. Galzemeyer, Foode, L. Conrad, T. W. Lonergan, McMullen, Woods, P. Land vogt, O'Leary, Shanahan, D. McNamara, M. McNalty, and others. On arrival at the Church the body was received by the Rev. M. Hdger, and vespers were sung by the clergy. The inscription on the coffin was—"John Hinter ocker, died October 6, 1872, aged 52 years. R.I.P." Requiem Mass for the repose of the soul of the departed was celebrated on Thurs day morning, July 24. The church was draped for the occasion, and on a catafalque imme diately in front of the altar rails, and within a few yards of the vault, was placed the coffin. It was covered over with a pall, and upon the lid were placed the usual vestments, with the stole, beretta, and chalice. There was a large attendance in the chapeL Father C. A, Reynolds, the Administrator of the Diocese, was the celebrant; the Rev. Theodore Bongaerts, deacon: the Rev. James Maher, sub-deacon; and the Rev. B. Nevin, master of the cere monies. The Rev. Fathers Tappeiner, S.J., F. Byrne, J. Quinlan, P. Keogh, P. Corcoran, C. McClosky, and Chas. Van der Heyden were in the choir round the catafalque, and the choir of the chapel carried out the responses. After mass had been performed the remains were placed in the vault, which is situated on the right hand side of the chapel, between the main and one of the ride altars. The ceremony, which was con cluded at a little before 1 o'clock, was very impressive. We need hardly say that the late clergyman had been long at Norwood, and was the founder of that mission, and mainly instru mental in raising St. Ignatius Church. Teetotalism.—The Adelaide Excelsior Band of Hope, having withdrawn from the Norwood Excelsior Temperance Society, gave their first entertainment, consisting of .readings, recita tions, singing, and instrumental music, to a full audience on Tuesday evening, July 22, at Pulteney-street Schoolroom. Several encores were sought, but could not be complied with on account of the length of the programme. Mr. B. Brown, the President, stated that at the request of the members he occupied his position until a more able person was found to fill that office. He bad purchased from the Committee of the Norwood Society drums, banners, &e.;, to the value at cost price of £8 10s., an J given to that Society the balance of £11 18s. owing to him by the Committee. He intended to teach a number of lads music free of charge, to form a band for the Adelaide Excelsior Band of Hope. He hoped they were on the eve of having a Temperance Hall built in South Ade laide by the different Teetotal Associations amalgamating for that purpose and taking shares in the enterprise. Their Society numbered 360 members. It was increasing weekly, and now was the strongest in Adelaide. The pro ceedings closed with the farce of the " Ghost in the Pawnshop." Northern Territory Arrival.—Our tele gram from Palmerston reports the arrival of the Monkchester, with her passengers all well. From Cape York such rough weather was expe rienced that the craft lost her mizentopmast, and during the passage four horses died. A message sent to Mr. C. J. Coates on Wednesday stated that 15 horses had been landed safely. Captain F. Phillips, to whom the six men and eight horses for the Eleanor Company were con signed, has telegraphed from Port Darwin to Mr. Driffield that these have arrived, and he adds—" Start Pine Creek again in two days." The horses for the Pine Creek, Sandy Creek, Thames, Agguaguilla, Howley Creek, Golden Point, Eureka, and Empire Companies have also arrived safely, except one belonging either to the Eureka or Empire. Shortening the Houbs of Work.—A meet ing of about 45 journeymen butchers was held at the London Inn on Monday evening, July 21, to endeavour to reduce the hours of labour. Mr. Joseph Powell presided. The opinion was expressed that journeymen butchers worked a greater number of hours and for less remunera tion than any other class of labour in the colony. A Committee of six, with power to add to their number, was appointed to form an Association, a code of rules to be broughtforward at the next meeting. The Coach-building Trade.—The agents in Adelaide for the Hub Publishing Company of New York have received from the Secretary recently a letter, in which he says:—'-'The United States furnishes all kinds of timber, iron, leather, and cloth. We have carriage- | builders who use the cheapest and the worst they can buy. We have another class who buy a medium grade, and build a medium, but still j an inferior carriage. We have another class j who buy only the best, and manufacture only ; the best carriages. If parties from abroad send ; through commission merchants, and leave them to select, our trade with your country and others j will not last longer than the receipt of the first invoice. More of this in the future numbers of the Hub." We are infonned that some carriage making firms in Adelaide who had ordered materials from America have been dissatisfied with the resuit, and for this reason we have been asked to publish the foregoing extract as an explanation. Hope Valley Lodge. — At the periodical , meeting of this Lodge, of the A.LO.O.F., silver medals were presented to P.P.'s E. J. Lane and W. H. Ind for services rendered to the Lodge and Order. The medals, which were manu factured by Mr. Firnhaber, contained appro priate inscriptions. It was stated by D.G.M. George Ind that through the exertions of the recipients the roll had been increased from 60 to nearly 100 members. Pictorial Literature.—"Cerberus" is in the saddle again, where he always seems most at his ease; though indeed among clergymen and demons he has lately shown us he can hold his own. This week he has mounted the Governor, and assigned him as companions the Master of the Hounds and two or three other first flight men, the portraits, being most life like, and the horses all that hunters should be— one poor wight, however, must be excepted, whose miserable hack (fortunately perhaps for the rider) will not attempt a fence. So much for the Portonian. The Mirror this week does its hunting under cover, its game being scrip instead of foxes, and the huntsmen mounted upon chairs and tables instead of horses. The scene is the Theatre Saloon, and the characters our leading brokers and speculators, some of whom at least wDl be readily recognised either by their faces or their dress. Of one gentleman at least it has been observed, that " his hat and his hoots are admirable likenesses." i IRON-WORKERS.—A Committee appointed by employes of the iron trade in the city and Port Adelaide lately addressed a circular to the masters asking that the eight-hour. system might be adopted not later than September without a reduction of wages or the sacrifice of the Satur day half-holiday, but the actual times of beginning and ceasing from daily labour were to be in each establishment so arranged as to suit the convenience of the employers. The printed letter mentioned that Mr. G. Wyatt, of Adelaide, with Mr. Lindsay and Mr. Bennett, of Port Adelaide, began the system on July 1, allowing one interval per diem for dinner; and the locomotive and carriage workshops of the Railway Department and the Colonial Iron works (late Whitfield's Foundry) had arranged to commence upon the same plan on August 1. Mr. W. Whitehill, the Hon. Sec. of the Com mittee, has now sent to his fellow-workmen, the artisans and others employed in the iron trade in the colony, an address intimating that Messrs. Strapps, Forward & Downs, and Belcher, of the city, have decided to introduce the new arrange ment in their places on August 1; Messrs. A. Jones & Sons, of Adelaide, J. Martin and Co. and J. Allen, of Gawler, Wood and Robinson, of Willaston, and J. B. Adamson, of Kapunda, on September 1. The Secretary's communication acknowledges cordially the kind and courteous way in which the concessions sought were granted, and expresses the hope that the men employed will show their appre ciation of this treatment. The writer trusts " that the adoption of the eight hours system in this colony may prove not only profitable, but greatly beneficial alike to employers and em ployed." Adelaide Life assurance and Guarantee Company.-—The seventh general meeting ml this Company was held at their offices in Waymouth street, on Thursday, July 24. Thirteen persons were present, and Sir G. S. Kingston presided. The report and balance-sheet were unanimously adopted. The former said:—"The Directors congratulate the shareholders that the balance of Life Premium Account, £2,216 3s. 9d., carried to the Reserved Fund, is greater than on the expiration of any preceding year, and leads them to hope that the public begin to appreciate the advantages offered by the low scale of premiums combined with perfect safety. The demands on the Guarantee Fund have been unusually heaw, and after paying all charges, and providing £1,000 for the usual dividend of 10 per cent, on the paid up capital, they have still the balance of£10612s. 10d. ,to the credit of Profit and Loss Account." Messrs. E. M. Bagot and J. Hodgkiss, the retiring Directors, were re-elected, as were the Auditors, Messrs. N. Oldham and F. Wieksteed, whose remuneration for the past year was fixed at 12 guineas. Messrs. E. S. Wigg and T. Good were appointed to sign the minutes. Mr. M. Thomas objected to the rapidity with which the report had been put, as he was not satisfied with the way in which several items were in cluded in the balance-sheet, and he complained that the losses were not shown. The Chairman said the balance-sheet had been prepared in the same way as of late years, and the Secretary stated that the chief losses had been £85 on account of A. Clode, and £300 on that of J. S. Bellhouse. He also entered into explanations required by Mr. Thomas, which appeared to bo satisfactory, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman and Directors. Pastoral Note.—From reports contained in the Kiama Independent, it seems that pleuro pneumonia has appeared in Gerringong. At a meeting of the Municipal Council of that town, Mr. W. Hindmarsh informed the aldermen that at the request of some neighbours he had examined the carcase of a cow which had been killed in the neighbourhood of Toolijooa, with the view of ascertaining whether she was dis eased or otherwise. He fonnd her in the last stage of pleuro-pneumonia—in a worse state, in fact, than he had ever before seen an animal affected with that disease. The beast had been seen on the road for a fortnight, jmd had actually mixed with some of the dairy herds in the neighbourhood. He recommended them to put the by-law in force, otherwise the disease might overrun the whole district. The Clerk was instructed to notify that a regulation against stray cattle would be at once enforced. United Prayer.—Special religious Services held this week in the Kapunda Wesleyan Chapel have been largely attended, and next week it is intended to continue them in the Congregational Chapel. The meetings will then have been carried on at five distinct places of worship lor one week in each. Neon gatherings for united prayer in the town are also still numerously attended. Gas in North Adelaide.—We understand that Mr. Bonney has received a letter from the South Australian Gas Company declining to reduce the price of gas in North Adelaide on the ground that already it is cheaper than in the suburbs in any of the other colonies, but it is stated that as soon as the increased consump tion warrants a reduction it will be made in pursuance of the policy which has always been pursued by the Company. The Religious Wants of Border Town. A meeting was held in the Tatiara District lately relative to the desired erection of a church at Border Town. It was considered high time that a suitable building should be reared for the pur poses of public worship, but there seemed to be some doubt as to raising the necessary funds. Messrs. McLellan, of Pine Hill and Cone, Vic toria, stated that although they had only a small interest in South Australia, they were willing to subscribe £100 towards the object if Messrs. J. & G. Riddoch headed the subscription-list with £200. Mr. Geo. Riddoch said that he had no authority on his brother's behalf to do this ; but that if he consented to give the amount named it would he on the understanding that the structure should be built under' the auspices of the Presbyterian Church. After some discus sion, it was unanimously resolved that a build ing be erected in connection witb the Board of Education, to be used as a schoolroom, and open to ministers of all denominations as a place of worship. A list of donations was immediately opened, and £80 was subscribed, this sum including £20 from Mr. G. Riddoch, and the same amount from Messrs. McLeUan, while it is understood that the previous offer of Messrs. McLellan remains open for acceptance. The Rev. D. Milne, Congregational minister, of Lacepede Bay, when last in Tatiara, mentioned, it is understood, that if the inhabitants would guarantee £100 he would make Border Town his permanent home. A subscription was accor dingly opened on Monday, and about £79 was soon raised towards the proposed fund. Vital Statistics.—The number of births aud deaths registered in the District of Adelaide, during the week ended Saturday, the 19th of July, were.:—Births—17 males, 19 females ; deaths—9 males, 4 females. Total— 36 births, 13 deaths. Excess of births, 23. Cattle Disease.—In the neighbourhood of Eden Valley many farmers have lost cattle owing to the prevalence of the stock disease known as blackleg. Copious bleeding has bean resorted to as a mode of cure. Route to the Seaboard.—A meeting, con vened by Messrs. Adamson, Scott, and Oliver, of farmers and others interested in the welfare of the Areas of Tatiara and Wirrega, was re cently held to petition the Parliament to survey a road to the seaboard at Lacepede Bay, such a line being regarded as absolutely necessary. The gathering was remarkably well attended. The Southern Agricultural Society.—A meeting of this Society was held at the Corio j Hotel, Goolwa, on Tuesday, July 22, Mr. T. Goode, J.P., presiding. A liberal prize list was j adopted, ana arrangements were made for the forthcoming Show, which will be duly adver- ! tised in the Adelaide papers. Several addi- | tional names were added to the Committee list. United Ancient Order of Druids.—The half-yearly meeting of this Society was begun on July 17, aud adjourned till the 22nd, at the Duke of Brunswick Lodgeroom. There were present the Provincial Officers and delegates from the Allied, Peace, Duke of Brunswick, Duke of Leinster, Albert, and Sir James Fer gusson Lodges. The Alexandra was fined for not sending a delegate. The P.S. read the balance-sheet and Auditors' report, which re commended that the levy for the next quarter should be 2s. per member to the General and 6d. to the Incidental Fund. This proposition was adopted, and with the minutes of the pro ceedings ordered to be printed and circulated. P. P. P. Osborn, ef Alexandra Lodge, resigned his position of Trustee to the District, and P. P. P. Hagedorn was appointed in his place. P.A. B. Gould, of the Peace Lodge, was appointed an Auditor instead of Secretary Bnttarn, who retired by rotation. The nomina tion of Provincial Officers for the next year were —P-V.P. Wadey as Provincial President; P.A-'s Teakle, B. Gould, W. Dearman, and W. Richardson as Provincial Vice-President; and P.S. Mathews as Provincial Secretary. On account of the report that the Alexandra Lodge by resolution had agreed to divide its funds, that matter was left in the hands of the District Officers to enquire into, and to take such steps as they might think proper. The Duke of Brunswick Lodge applied to be allowed to re admit a member. This was granted on the General Law being complied with. A notice of motion given by the Allied Lodge to rescind all the laws of the Order now in force and substi tute a fresh code was proceeded with as far as Law 38, and alterations were made. The meet ing then adjourned until the 22nd instant at 6 p.m. The remainder of the proposed new laws were then considered, and with a few changes passed. The sum of £3 3s. was voted to P.P.P. Hurst for framing them. I ' Acqbent,—0n Thursday, July 24, Williani Hawke, of Brompton, a railway employA was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital, suffering from a breakage of bis light leg below Hie knee. In ifre forenoop, while the sufferer was.at Hie City Goods 8taHonInnIoading a track containing bales of wool,: be lost bis balagkB and fell on to the .line, hisJeg bent beneaBBbim, and thus caused^the injury. He is now progressing The Gothenburg.—A notice posted outside the Central Telegraph Office on Thursday, July 24, announced that the Gothenburg, steamer, from:Adelaide, bad that day, at 11 a.m., passed Cape Otw&y;, beading eastward. Fuel—-At Wesley's on the Northern line the Railway Station presents a° business-like appear ance quite unknown during any previous winter. The farmers having completed field operations are busy carting firewood to the -station, whence it 1b forwarded by rail to Adelaide; and notwith standing the quantity taken away daily large stacks are accumulating in the yard. Northern Trains and Mails.—Under the new arrangement on the Buna Railway *for pro Yidingtwotrains per diem from Ebonhga, the Far North mails reach Adelaide on Wednesdays at 9.80 a.m., instead of in the afternoon as formerly. The change in the Railway time table will involve a large amount of n4 work in the Postal Department, ■ and probably necessitate an increase in the staff; but it wiu undoubtedly give increased facilitiee to travellers and the public generally. People in the towns along the line will_ now be able to post corre spondence to the city and receive replies on the same day when quick answers are important. The trains now start from Adelaide for the Buna at 7 a.m. and 4.30 pan., and leave Kooringa at 4.80 a.m. and 2p.m. The Projected Murray Railway.—The members for Encounter Bay have been invited to attend a public meeting, convened to be held at Victor Harbour, to consider the proposed Murray Railway. Recovery op Flooded Lucerne.—We are glad to hear that the anticipation of some lucerne growers that the submersion of their crufis for a few days would not be attended by total ton has been realized in the case of the lucerne paddocks at the tide of Steam-street, West Maitiand. where the crops that were flooded are making very good headway. It is believed that after flood in summer the sodden plants are scalded upon the esthtidense of the water, but that the winter son is sot fcsJSe&esatly; strong to have the seme effect. ThefaMSwasa* referred to seem to prove toe ©flere&aawK; tA tide theory.—Mainland Mercury. Two Men Suffocated by Chaeogal Funis.— Not many days since we had to record that Mr. Bundle, jun,, had been found dead at Gray's Inn, Mount Barker, in a small room where he had been sleeping with Alfred Howlett, another youth. Now we have to report the death of the latter, and of Daniel Robinson, which occurred on Thursday morning, July 24, in the same apart ment. It is believed that the young fellows were suffocated by the fumes of charcoal, as there was a fire in the room which has no chimney. The event, following so close upon .the loss by Hie landlord of the hotel of his son, has cast a gloom over the town, the young men being well known, and the whole circumstances being particularly distressing. This occurrence, so sad in its results, should act as a warning to people sleeping in rooms where fires are lighted, for the fumes of charcoal have such a stupifying effect that, the victim'passes into a state of unconsciousness before he is aware of his danger, and many people who have un wittingly slept near a charcoal fire have been, when found beyond the power of medical skill. Evangelical Alliance.—We are informed that the Rev. John McEwin, of ffirnlma.rgh, has been appointed Secretary to the Evangelical Alliance, in place of the Rev. Jasper Smyth, who has left for England. Accident.—On Sunday morning, July 20, Mr. E. Eiellgren, engine-driver at the Balhannah. Mine, got his hands entangled in the machinery, and one finger was so crushed that Dr. Weld considered amputation necessary, and per formed that operation. The Tanunda Crops.—Various complaints have reached the Tanunda, Zeilung from farmers to the effect that the cold weather is hindering the growth of the wheat, which, although healthy, is very backward. The paper men tioned remarks that " this fact ought to be con sidered advantageous rather than otherwise, inasmuch as nothing is less favourable to the development of red rust, which is appearing in self-sown fields there, .than a slow growth retarded by cold. The development of the wheat is for a time hindered, but the warmth of the sun coming later in the season will cause it to spring up so rapidly that it will be able to successfully withstand the attacks of its enemy." Bitumen on Kangaroo Island.—We have been shown by some gentlemen who have taken mineral claims on Kangaroo Island with the idea of discovering coal specimens of mineral bitumen raised from their leased ground. We are informed by a gentleman who has made an analysis of the stuff that "100 grains give 40 cubic inches of light carburetted hydrogen or coal gas and 25 per cent, of carbon. Three fourths of the substance is convertible into coal gas and the residue into a very fine coke or mineral charcoal. A mineral off may be ob tained from it, but it yields only a small,- quan tity. Its composition is carbon, hydrogen, sul phur, and nitrogen, and it contains about 90 per cent, of carbon. The substance is said to be met with occasionally in coal-seams in England." Samples of the coke mentioned have been seen by us. Mr Ernest Giles's Expedition.—Mr. Kri chauff, M.P., has received by Wednesday's mail a letter from Mr. Ernest Giles, dated Peaks Station, July 5. We subjoin an extract:— " With regard to my own affairs I have now got everything in excellent order. I have a party of four whites, 25 horses, provisions for a year, and all the other details of equipment first rate. I have had a good many delays, but I am off at last to-morrow morning." Vicariate of Northern Australia.—The Irish. Harp understands "that the Very Rev. C. A. Reynolds has been appointed Vicar General of the Northern Territory by Dr. Salvador, Bishop of Port Victoria and Abbot of Perth." Presentation at the Cut Club to Mr. Alfred Bonnes.—At the late annual general meeting of the City Club a complimentary address and a handsome silver epergne were presented by the members to Mr. Alfred Bonnin, Hon. Secretary, in acknowledgment "not only of his indefatigable exertions and perseverance as Secretary, but also of the land and gentlemanly manner in which he has always conducted the affairs of the Club." Mr. Bonnin, who stated that he " was indeed taken by surprise at the unexpected act' of kindness on the part of the members," made a suitable acknowledgment, assuring them that "he would always regard, the letter and th» handsome present by which it was accompanied as evidence of their approval of his conduct, and as incentive to his future exertions as Honorary Secretary, so long as they were pleased to honour him with their confidence." The epergne, which is a beautiful specimen of Mr. Steiner's workmanship, bears the following inscription:— "Presented to Alfred Bonnin, Esq., by the members of the City Club." Kapunda Turf Club.—It is likely that a Racing Club will be formed at Kapunda with nearly 100 members at £3 3s. each, and a five years' lease of an excellent course has been secured. How to Increase Church Funds.—Referring to complaints made lately in the Melbourne Argus about the scarcity of small silver, par ticularly threepenny and fourpenny pieces, and the difficulty of obtaining any from the Banks, a correspondent writing to that paper, says:— "This excess of demand over supply is easily accounted for if what I have heard of being done is at all general. I was informed by a friend that h'g clergyman told him he was keeping all the threepences and foorpences from the Sunday collections at his church, as he did not wish anything less than sixpences to be put in the plate. I don't mean to say he actually appropriated them, but merely kept them him self and put in their plaoe other money or per haps a cheque. The effect of such a proceeding on the part of only a few clergymen even would be that in a short time threepenny and four penny pieces would be quite curiosities, and eagerly snapped up when met with by any col lector of rare coins at a large premium." Will some ministers in Adelaide take the hint. Caught.—Sailors often bolt from their vessels and reside ashore for awhile, but it is difficult to account for a seaman leaving his wages behind and working a passage without remuneration, as was lately done. During the past week the Helen White loaded a cargo for Brisbane, and she was announced to sail on Saturday morning, July 19. During Thursday Captain Johnson, of the Goolwa, missed one of his men, and at first it was supposed that he had taken what is styled the " wallaby track," but the police shrewdly guessed that the runaway might have taken refuge on board the Helen White. Just as the barque was ready to start two of the Water Police went to search her, and before long found the missing sailor stowed away in the forecastle. He looked stupid as he was drawn from his hiding-place and taken to durance vile. Pro bably when next he deserts he will try some better plan, as this failure will make a heavy tax on his wages before the expenses are aii paid. Suffocated.—As our telegraph colutnn has reported, an inquest was held at Gray's Inn, Mount Barker, on Thursday, July 24, by the Hon. J. Dunn, J.P., M.L.C., to enquire into the ■cause of the death of Daniel Robinson and Alfred Howlett, who were found dead that morning. Mr. W. Barker was Foreman. It was stated that Robinson employed at Mount Barker Foundry aa JHsmith, was 22 years old, and had been only a Bhort time in the town; also that Alfred Howlett was 16 years of age, and the ostler at Gray's Tnn. On Wednesday night they retired to their bedroom in good health and spirits. They had a stove made of an oil tin, and filled with charcoal, burning in the apartment, but this Howlett was positively ordered to put outside before they closed tne door. He did not do so, hence the sad result. The Jury unanimously returned the _ verdict—" That the deceased, Daniel Robinson and Alfred Howlett, died from inhaling the fumes of charcoal left by them selves burning in their bedroom. No blame attachable to any one." South Australia's Financial Position.— In commenting upon the incidence of taxation 'upon the inhabitants of various Australian Colonies, the Sydney Morning Herald says:— "In South Australia, where the taxation is lowest, the revenue is flourishing. It is suffi cient, and more than sufficient, for present requirements. The Treasurer has just announced that the first half- year's income is above his estimate, and he has proved the abundance of money by borrowing £85,000, in 4 per cents, at £95 Os. 3d. In South Australia not only has Government always been carried out on an economical basis, but the population is com pactly settled; the long coast-line and the Gulfs provide good water communication, and the railway undertakings have been executed with less engineering difficulties than in any other colony. The Treasurer of South Australia is, therefore, in good funds to face the problem now being pressed on him of connecting Port Adelaide by railway with the River Murray." Business Pbospects of Clare.—The local paper in its latest issue says :—" For some time Clare tradesmen have been complaining of dull times. Now, however, people from the country are coming to town in greater numbers. The storekeepers look more cheerful, and appear to be doing more business. The near approach of sheepshearing is helping to dissipate the gloom, for at that period trade generally becomes brisker. The "encouraging accounts from the Broughton mines and the prospects of the harvest have a tendency to dispel all fear as to the ensuing season." Large Crop of Potatoes.—A big yield is thus noticed by the Queanbeyan Age:—" Mr. W. Sullivan dug in his paddock at Canberra a single root of potato, which yielded 36 separate tubers, the smallest of which weighed 16 ozs., the total weight of the yield being 67 lbs. The seed was of the variety known as the Black Derwent. This result furnishes an argument in favour of the system of wide planting versus the common p an. This remarkable root was planted by itself, and seems to confirm the theory that if potatoes are set one to the square yard, the yield will be far more remunerative than when set in rows of 12 or 15 inches apart." The Port Wakefield Railway.—The corre spondent at Mount Templeton of the Northern Argus reports that a meeting was held at Magpie Creek last week to consider the advisability of memorializing the Government to alter the route of the proposed extension, of the Hoyleton Rail way. Mr. F. Hack presided, and there was a poor attendance. It was urged that by taking a turn to the west from the northern boundary of the Hundred of Blyth the expense of a bridge over the Magpie would be avoided, and that the tramway may one day be extended to Redhill with -trifling engineering difficulties. A Com mittee consisting of Messrs. Hack, Holden, and Smith were appointed to draw up a memorial embodying the sentiments of the meeting for signatures. The Opening of Parliament.—On Friday, July 25, the second session of the seventh Parlia ment of South Australia was opened by His Excellency the Governor with the usual for malities. The members met at 2 o'clock, when J their Honors Sir R. D. Hanson, Chief Justice, j and Mr. Justice Gwynne attended at the Legis- j lative Council Chamber, and produced the Com mission empowering them to open Parliament. The document was read by the Clerk to the members of both Houses. Their Honors admi nistered the oath to the seven new members of the Council, who then took their seats. After the Commissioners bad retired the Councillors elected the Hon. W. Milne as President, and adjourned to present him to the Governor. His Excellency arrived a little after 3 o'clock, and read the opening speech to both legislative bodies. He was received at the door of Parlia " ment House by a detachment of about 30 of the Metropolitan Police under the command of Inspector Bee, and was accompanied by his Private Secretary and Aide-de-Camp. His -carriage was followed by several mounted troopers. A large crowd had collected on the terrace, and His Excellency was heartily cheered. Mrs. and Miss Musgrave occupied seats on the floor of the Council Chamber during the cere mony. After the Governor had left both branches of the Legislature proceeded with business. In the House of Assembly the two new members for Victoria, Messrs. Laurie and Boothby, were introduced and sworn in. Mr. Rees, the member-elect for the Burra, was not present, he being, we believe, confined to his house by illness. The University Association.—Courses of lectures commenced last year by the Rev. H. Read, M.A, in classics, and the Rev. J. Davidson in English and mental and moral philosophy, are to be continued in connection with the above Association, and the session was opened on Friday evening, July 25, at Queen's Chambers, Pirie-street. Inaugural addresses were delivered by Professors Read and Davidson, the former speaking to the students upon the value of classical knowledge, and the latter offering remarks introductory to the considera tion of moral and mental philosophy. The addresses, which were very interesting, and were listened to with marked attention, will be published shortly. The rain somewhat affected the attendance; bat a hope was expressed that young men would show their interest in the subjects, and that the number of students would soon increase. The MacDonnell Lighthouse.—The (Marine Board have decided with reference to the recent dispute between Messrs. Bruce and Franks, the head and second keepers of the Lighthouse at Cape Northumberland, that they shall be re duced respectively to the position of second and third keepers, and removed to other stations at their own expense. Improved Reaper.—It is mentioned by the Northern Argus that " on Monday afternoon, July 21, the residents of Clare were startled on hearing the noise of a reaper on Main-street at full work, as if in the harvest-field. The street was soon crowded with persons eager to see the machine at work, which was fitted with Mr. Geo. Marshall's patent stripper. Mr. J. T. Bee was steering, and Mr. Marshall had several bags of wheat-heads, the refuse of the wheat-heap of last harvest, which looked very tough. A board was nailed temporarily in front of the comb to prevent the heads from falling over. The bags were gradually emptied, the machine being drawn by two horses. The work commenced at the north end of the street, and finished at the south end. The thrashed wheat was examined by a number of farmers and others, who were highly satisfied with the result of the trial. Every head was thrashed clean, and yet the grain was not injured. A few split grains were to be seen, which were observed by the farmers. It was easily seen that the broken grains had been done by the machine when the wheat was reaped, as there was not a newly-broken grain visible." The Mount Barker Fatality.—The remains of the young men who were suffocated at Mount Barker by the fumes of charcoal were on Friday, July 25, conveyed to the local cemetery, where the Rev. A. Law officiated. The employes at the iron works of Messrs. J. G. Ramsay & Go. formed part of the funeral cortege, and a large crowd of people assembled round the one grave in which the bodies were placed. The Adelaide Hospital.—A meeting of the Board of Management was held on July 25:— Number of patients admitted since last meeting, 52; discharged, 49; died, 4; now in Hospital, 121\. Number of out-patients prescribed for, 601. The Lvte Mr. James Walsh.—We hear that on Friday, July 25, Mr. R. B. Colley, of this city, received a telegram from England inti mating that 14 daysaf ter his leaving Port Adelaide on an intended trip to Europe Mr. James Walsh died. It will be remembered that the deceased was at one time the Captain of the No. 1 Brighten Rifles, was a brewer in Adelaide, and recently was a Director and one of the largest shareholders in the Kadina and Wallaroo Railway Company. Conchology.—Mr. Waterhouse, the inde fatigable Curator of the Institute Museum, has not given up the idea of reaping a rich harvest of shells in St. Vincent's Gulf. He has arranged, weather permitting, to start from the Sema phore Jetty early on Saturday morning, and has provided dredges to test the eowise bed supposed to exist somewhere outside the Light house. His last researches in the Golf proved ko successful amongst the fish that Count Castelnau, the celebrated French savan, con gratulated him upoD the result., and it is pro bable that he may obtain some novel specimens of themoluscs of the it-line. 