PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday. VOTE OF CENSURE MOTION. Mr. Buchanan moved a resolution declaring that, while the House approved of the appoint ment of Sir James Martin as Chief Justice, it. was of opinion that the correspondence between the Colonial Secretary, and the late Attorney Geceral . disclosed conduct on the part of the former towards the latter which was unworthy and discreditable, and deserving of censure. The hon. member commented at some length UDon cne conaucc 01 i*ir. irarKes: towards Mr. uuuer, which he characterized aa mean, deceptive, cowardly, and treacherousi ; and he expressed1 his surprise at Mr. Innes succeeding Mr. Butler in. the office of Attorney-General which he thought amounted to an endoresment of the pro ceedings of the Colonial Secretary. He con tended that there was no doubt that the office of Chief Justice was unconditionally and absolutely promised to Mr. Butler, who had been the intimate friend of Mr. Parkes for twenty years, bv whom he was betrayed, although he had been his Attorney-General, and the Grand Juror of the colony tor eight3en months,- aad was in every way highly qualified for thevposition. He argued that the reasons assigned by the Colonial Secretary for not keeping faith with Mr. Butlar were utterly untenaole, and he mentioned a report which had reached him that the Govern- ' ment escaped a defeat on the vote of censure i moved by Mr. Garrett relating to the restora tion of Sir. Moriarty to the public service through the Colonial Secretary making it known privately to some members of the House that he : did not intend to appoint Mr. Butler, which led to their absenting themselves from the division - or voting with the Government. He con- i demned in strong terms the letter of the Colo- : nial Secretary of the 5th November, and he; commended Mr. Butler for retiring from the Government when he could not continue to hold office with honour. He also censured the Colo nial Secretary for placing upon the statement of Mr. Butler that he was bound to consider the feelings of his people a sectarian construction which the facts of the case did not warrant. Mr. Bennett seconded the motion. . Mr. John Robertson moved the previous question which was seconded by Mr. Garrett. Mr. Forster said that there was some ques tions upon which hon. members might desire to express their individual opinion?, and yet upon « which it might be doubtful that they would j , desire the House to express its collective : j opinion. He thought that this was a question of j that kind. The correspondence before tho House ; \ wa3 unique in the history of polite letter writ- ' , ing; and he did- hope that, as the hon. member \ at the head of the Government had also pt6- ; : sided over the education of the youth of the , colony and Btill exercised a powerful influence , upon the Council of Education, he would t ike , such steps as might be necessary to have this' { correspondence published iu the shape of school , books for the rising generation. The elaborate ] productions of one of the greatest statesmen 1 who had ever lived, that was according to his own showiog, would be most efficacious for the ' teaching of morality and truth ; and he did not think he was asking too much that a large' amount of money should be expended to make; this extraordinary specimen of polite literature , available in the Public schools. The question after all between these two gentlemen was, whether the late Attorney- General had been promised the office of Chief Justice, or whether he bad not? Be admitted that the letters of the Colonial Secretary were clever, very clever, but he thought that the effect of the correspon dence upon the mind of any ordinary person was this, that if the Attorney-General were not promised the appointment he was at any rate led to expect it, and he had a I'ight to be informed when the mind of the Colonial Secre tary was altered. The very first paragraph of the correspondence showed that the late Attorney-General bad a right to consider that a promise had been made to him, for the Colonial Secretary said that he told him that he would not stand in his way if he considered it his daty , to accept the office, and that he would not be a party to the objection raised against him on the ; ground of his religious faith. He took that to be a promise. (Hear, hear.) He put it to. any man of ordinary understanding whether it did not convey to the late Attorney- General a distinct statement that he should have the office of Chief Justice. Certainly it conveyed this, that if the hon. member's colleague at any mo ment came to a different opinion, or supposed that the hon. member was not a proper person to fill the office, the moment that conviction aroEe in his mind he should have taken the first op portunity of conveying it to the Attorney General. (Hear, hear. ) But not only was that promise conveyed to the hon. gentleman, but it was confirmed over and over again by the ab sence of any explanation from the Colonial Secretary until the time when this corre spondence began. (Hear, hear.) The late Attorn ey-General was induced to remain in office and afford the support of his high influence and talents to the present Government up to a certain time when the Colonial Secre tary found that it was dangerous to allow this ' promise to remain any longer. Until that time occurred the Colonial Secretary was driven by certain pressure, which he described as public opinion, to find out that his. own office was indan ger by allowingthehon. andlearned member to re maiu under the impression tb.attb.i3 promise would be fulfilled. He could not conceive a clearer proof of a promise, and a continuance of that promise than was contained in a subsequent paragraph of the hon. gentleman's letter. The Colonial peared to endeavour to draw a distinction between hi3 advdeacy of the claims of his col league and hi:i actual intention to support them j but could any reasonable person assent to any such distinction ? Surely it the hon. uaenaber promised not to stand in his colleague's way, he promised to give him the office. Was he not bound, before he made such a statement, to see whether he was qualified or not? and was not the statement that he would not stand in his way an; admission of his full qualifications for the office ? (Hear, hear.) He said it was a full admission and endorsement of the claims of the hon. gentleman at that moment. But the Colonial Secretary told them afterwatds that on fuller consideration of the subject, when the public began to discuBs the matter, and when a Roman Catholic gentleman of influence called upon him and expressed his opinion against it. His mind was awakened to some disqualifications. But how was that statement made out in the corre spondence ? The hon. gentleman found out in consequence of the advent of this Roman Catho lic gentleman of influence that his colleague was n6t entitled to social recognition. Surely he knew that before the hon. member went iato office. The idea of an hon. gentleman like the Colonial Secretary, a man; who had been a Chartist at one time, talking about 'social recognition.' It was utterly absurd. (Hear,' hear.) The antecedents of the hon. gentleman made it the greatest mockery for him to talk about social recognition — (hear, hear) — and no grosser insult could be offered to his colleague than was conveyed in that statement. (Hear, hear.) They were told that' the Bar expressed its disapproval of the appoininent of the hon. gentleman's colleague. , '? Mr. Butler : It is not true. . Mr. Forster said he had had an opportunity of conversing with many members of the legal profession, both barristers and solicitors, on the subject, and he had no hesitation in Haying that the opinion he ventured to express just now would have been endorsed by a majority of the profession, and if the hon. gentleman had been appointed a large majority of the profession would have been found expressing approval at the appointment, or at any rate they would not have been found expressing disapproval. (Hear, hear.) They might think the present appoint ment the better one, but he ventured to say, from the evidence of the opinions expressed to him by both branches of the profession with regard to the hon. gentleman, that the r63ling feeling of the ? majority would have been such that no adverse opinions wonld have been expressed at his appointment if it had been made. [Mr. Buchanan :? Hear, hear.] He believed that fully. Of course it was open for evidence of it ?' At any rate, his experience was equal to that of the Colonial Secrotary, and he was entitled to give his opinion with bhat of the hon. gentleman, and he ventured bo say that whether in the course of this debate or any discussion which this ques tion might receive at the hands of the public, it wonld be found that-, this statement of the Colonial Secretary in regard to the opinions of the Bar would be found, as the late Attorney- General stated just now, to be untrue, and that the Bar generally would endorse the opinion of the Colonial Secretary. They had had a little light let in upon this question by the hon. member who moved the resolutions. He did not at all venture to say that what the hon. member stated was true, that in the couree of a long debate when an adverse vote as against the Government was expected, votes were bought off by a promise to certain hon. members that the hon. member for Argyle would not be appointed ; but he was quite certain that many hon. members would endorse this statement, which for his part he believed to be trne —that up to a very late period of the evening a number of hon. members who were known to be opposed to the appointment of the hon. gentleman were going round the House canvassing votes in favour of the motion against the Government (cheers), and that at a certain period of the evening this canvassing suddenly ceased. Scarce'y one of these members who were known to have gone about canvassing voted for this motion, which they had been doing their very best to obtaiu votes for. (Hear, hear.) If that was the period to which the hon. . member's statement referred he must say that the circumstances that actually occurred bore out his statement. (Hear, hear.) Of course this might be explained away as the .promise of the Colonial Secretary had been, but hon. members must judge of what the Government intended, what promises they made, and what they led other people to expect, by the documents before them, and by the course of conduct the Government thought proper to adopt. He maintained, therefore, that the late Attorney-General had been treated by the Colonial Secretary in a manner which had been characterized by the hon. member who spoke before him as treacherous. [Mr. Buchanan : [Hear, hear.] Well, the late Attorney- General had no doubt been deceived. He was led to believe, and was allowed to continue in tlxe belief for a -long lime, that he waa to have the appointment of Chief Justice. In the end he did not; get it, and the Colonial Secretary broke his promise. He must say that he thought it served the hon. gentleman right. [Mr. Robertson : Hear, hear.] He (Mr. Forster) could not but admit that with the one exception of his having confided in the Colonial Secretary in joining him as his colleague, the hon. member's conduct throughout had been iu the highest degree creditable. But what else could he expect from the Colonial Sec'eetary? (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Forster) had been repeatedly denounced in that House and by the Press for having what was called 'raked tip' the antecedents of the hon. gentleman — not the private, but the public antecedents of the hon. gentleman — uud he had been told that his allusion to them was quite unnecessary. But it would have beon better if the hon. member for Argyle had considered these antecedents before he trusted the hon. gentleman, who did nothing but betray his friends over and over again. (Op position cheers.) How could any one expect him to act honestly? Whenever did he do so? (Heffr hear.) Where did b.e ever act but treacherously to his friends when he had served his own interests ? (Hear, hear.) From begin ning to end he had built up his aggrandisement upon tho necks and upon the bodies of hi» friends. He had climbed into powtr by the betrayal of his friends, and had done nothing elae from beginning to end. When the hon. member for Argyle joined in office with, this perpetual traitor to friendship and to charity ? when the hon. member joined this gentleman ? if he be a gentleman— he should like to know why he did not look a little more into his ante cedents in order to ascertain whether he could as a reasonable man expect any thing else than treachery, a3 had been shown on this particular occasion. (Hear, hear.) He might refer to two or three points in the hoD gentleman's history, and he would ask the hon* member for Argyle if he had no recollection of what took place when the Colonial Secretary palmed a falsehood upon the country in regard to a pretended crime said to have been com mitted. (Hear, hear.) He referred to what was familiarly known as itho ' Kiatna Ghost ' The hon gentleman not only stated the circum stance publicly, but repeated the falsehood over aud over again, and involved his colleagues in all the consequences of that falsehood. Was that falsehood ever prcvedto be anything but a falsehood, and did not the hon. member know it? If he did, why did he join the hon. gentle man, and how could he be astonished when ha found this l recoilinp upoa himself- by joinW such a man? Could they, in judging of tht Colonial Secretary's public character, forget his conduct in going to the cell of a man who waa under trial for a capital offence, and drawing from him a- confession in the open ness of conversation while a person was stuck behind the door, unknown to the man, taking down his eonfeseion— (hear, hear) — which was used to prejudice him on his trial* Was there a man upon the face of the earth that would have committed such a deed as that except the Colonial .Secretary ? This conduct was received in the House of Commons, whea the news of it reached there, with execration but we, in this colony, seemed to think it -ft proof of the hon. gentleman's ability. But the hon. member for Argyle knew all this, and how could he expect a man like that to do anything else than betray him when it suited his purpose to do eo? He would just make reference to what was a small matter perhaps, but which nevertheless involved a great principle. In the course of a debate in that House the ColoniaJ Secretary divulged the contests of a letter which he had kept for seventeen years, an-iL which had been addressed to him as tho editor of a newspaper. Did not the hon. member foar Argyle knowjthat? Then how could he expect. the hon. gentleman to act in any other way towards him ? The hon. gentleman's whole career waB black with spots of this sort— you could not stick a pin in between, theiri It was unnecessary for him to say more. He had been denounced by the Press, and by the leading journals of this colony, as having un necessarily denounced the hon. gentleman's past conduct in giving reasons why he could not sup port bis Government. Bat the hon. member for Argyle thought proper proper to overlook all this conduct, and he was only one of what might be called ' Parkee's Martyrs.' (Laugh ter.) He had only got what he deserved, and by his own action ho had taken from himself the sympathy of the pnblic that he otherwise might have deserved. He had himself invited the treachery of the hon. member. But it seemed that the point had been reached »t which th« hon. member, worm as he had been, had turned. Itwasonly consistency on the part of the ColoniaJ. Secret iry, who was the only member of the Go vernment who was consistent, and who had made the hon. member for Argyle a martyr, not fromi any ill-feeling agiinst him, but because that hon. member stood m his way. The Colonial Secre tary, when it suited him, bad thrown the hon. member overboard, and he congratulated the hon. member that he was one of those strong rnea who would not sink when he was thrown* overboard, bat who would yet live to meet the Colonial Secretary iu that House. But let not that hon. member expect too much sympathy, either from the public or from that House. The hon. member was a living example of the old saying of what evil communications would do ; but he hoped thoae evil communications had not altogether corrupted the hon. member, but that it had givea him a leeaon that he would remember all the rest of his life. Under those circumstances, it could hardly be expected that he would support the resolutions now before the House ; but he had no hesitation iai expressing his opinioa that if the hon. member for Argyle had been a Protestant, he would have been at this been moment Chief Justice. Mr. Stewart : la the present Chief Justice a Protestant? Mr. Buchanan : You know lie is. Mr. Forster did not know what the present Chief Justice was, and supposed he could not tell himself what religion he was. (Laughter. ) But the hon. member for Argyle was a HomaB Catholic, and if he had been a Proteutaut lie might have been Ohief Justice now. But it was going too far back perhaps to iuquire into that, and it did not touch tho question. The Colonial Secretary would not have cared if the hon. member had been a Mormon. The only object of the Colonial Secretary was to keep i'i* office. It we had a little more honesty, and a little leas cleverness in political affairs it won't! have been far better. Of what did the states manship of the Colonial Secretary consist I Was it shown by that correspondence ? He di-5 not mean to say that the Government ought to be put out on this question, and certainly he should vote for the amendment of the hor«| member for West Sydney, tliat the ques,:1 tion .should not be put. Notwithstanding the strong opinion he had expressed in favour ofj the sentiments ef the hon, member who b;w moved those resolutions, he did not think it was a, matter that the House had. anything to *io with. (Hear, hear.) If the Colonial Secretary had treated the hon. member for Argyle like a Judarf it was no affair of theirs. The hon. mem* iber had placed himself in that position, and it -v?as entirely a personal matter, between those ion. gentlemen, and the House would be step iping out of its proper province in giving an ?opinion upon it. He hoped, he should not be tiaken in any way to endorse treachery,- dis ihonesty, or anything of that kiml. Mr. Oakes wished it to be uuderstood that vfche treatment Mr. Butler had met with was dis approved of by members who usually had sup ported the Government, as well as by members ?of the Opposition. He was sure that Mr. Butler had been promised the the Chief Justiceship, and that if the Government had not given way to sectarian feeling, he would have been appoint ed. He was strongly opposed to such bigotry in his native country, but he thought they must ikeep the Government in office for some time longer. Mr. Buchanan replied. The previous question was then put, and ?carried in the negative by 22 to 17. Mr. Pakkes then moved the adjournment of the House to enter into an explanation of mat ters connected with the filling up of the appoint ment of Chief Justice. He said it was perfectly true that when Sir Alfred Stephen sent in his resignation, he called to see Mr. Butler as the head of the law dppaitment, to inform him of ?(the. fact, and that he was imprudent enough to tell him that he was in favour of his appointment j but even if he had made him a positive promise — which, however; he denied — the promise was open to review up to the last moment, and there was as much obligation on the part of Mr. Butler aa there was on his part to consider the claims of friendship when it was. demanded in the interest of the public. He never undervalued the ability or the position at the Bar of Mr. Butler. All that he had said was that he was satisfied that he had not the highest qualifications for the Chief Justiceship, and that it was his duty not to appoint him, and he made this apparent to the hon. and learned gentleman on one occasion fcefore the 5th of November, in a way that be could not misunderstand. The course of the hon. gentleman, in his own case, showed that he was deficient in judicial capa city. The hen. member seemed to forget that he joined the Government because he agreed with its principles, and not to obtain the Chief Justiceship. He deuied that he had been infiu enced by sectarian feeling, and he gave his empha tic denial to the statement that members were influenced in the way insinuated when the Moriarty vote was under the consideration of the House. He believed he offended a deputa tion of two members who saw him to object to the appointment of Mr. Butler ; and when he spoke of social recognition, he meant that Sir James Martin occupied a much larger space before the country. He believed that the feel ing of the people was at present opposed to him in relation to this matter, but he was satisfied that their final judgment would be in his favour. The motion of Mr. Buchanan would have been voted for by the Opposition if they could have obtained a majority in its favour. Mr. _ Butler said there was hardly any necessity for him to make a speech, as there was nothing new iu the speech of the Colonial Secretary for him to answer. He had for some time been led to expect that something new was coming out, and he had listened to the Colonial Secretary : very anxiously to hear it, but he had been dis appointed. He had not retired from office on the ground of the best appointment not having been made, nor did he contend for the rule that Attorney-Generals, because they were such, were entitled to any vacant judicial office. All that he had said was that these absolute pro mises had been made to him up to the time of a sudden change that took place in tue hon. gentleman. In a portion of the correspondence the bon. gentleman (Mr. Parkes) charged him with having taken an advantage in reserving matters to speak of in reply. He (Mr. Butler) did not believe he had taken any advantage ; but the lion, member had done the same thing to-night that he complained of, in moving the adjourn ment of the House to make a speech and reserve j for himself the right of reply. As to his (Mr. , Butler's) giving proof of his want of judicial j capacity and unfitness for the office of Chief Justice, as stated by the Colonial Secretary, by his inability to deflide in his own case as he would in another's, he had yet to learn that the judges of any court tried their own casee. Why should the bon. member talk of judicial impar tiality when he could not expect him' (Mr. Butler) to remain in the Government after what had oceurred. He did not see that he was blameable. It was said again and again that he was aware of the Colonial Secretary battling his (Mr. Butler's) case with his colleagues, and that they were opposed to it. He (Mr. Butler) gave the most unqualified denial to knowing any such thing. Those colleagues bad not been opposed to his appointment until after the 5th November, when the Colonial Secretary turned against him. He had heard, on authority he could not doubt, that two members of the Government had declared in his (Mr. Butler's) favour up to the r-th Novembei-. When he received the statement on the 6th November that his colleagues were against his appointment;, he went for the first time to ask them. He called upon Mr. Sutherland, and asked him. whether he was against the appointment. Mr. Sutherland said that nobody could say that he had offered aa opinion upon the subject, and asked why was not a Cabinet called, and then he would give an opinion, and the matter could be decided. He (Mr. Butler) then went to Mr. Farnell, sitting down in the House beside him, and asking him as to his (Mr. Batler't) colleagues being opposed to his appointment. Mr. Farnell Said ' 1 ana not opposed you know, but I would rather have you remain with us.' [Mr. Far nell : I did not say that.] He declared upon the honour of a gentleman that it was true. [Mr. Faukjcll ; I was sitting down where the Colonial Secretary is now sitting, and my hon. friend left Mr. Sutherland and came to me, and said, ' Are you opposed to my appointment ?' I said, 'That is not the right way to put it. If you ask me if I am unfavourable, I tell you I am.'] He regretted to say that the Colonial Secretary had endeavoured to twist this affair into a sec tarian matter. He (Mr. Butler) did not believe he had menlioued anything about ' his people' in the matter. .Nothing in the correspondence had grieved him so munh as the construction put on fine language which was so natural to him. He had been invoking no pressure upon himslf^ the pressure was Urged against him. As to his conduct in regard to the publishing of the letter of the 5th November, when he was reading it the other night the hon. member bad a copy. [Mr. Parkes: I had not it here.] Could anyone read that letter and not believe it was deliberately written, and to be used some time or other? If be bad not published that letter, aiad had pocketed the insult, the Colonial Secretary might have crushed him, and he might truly have been considered mean-spirited. He thought that the Colonial Secretary had expected that the correspondence would not be published, and he (Mr. Butler) must say that it looked like an attempt to intimidate him. He believed that the Colonial Secretary intended to confer, the appointment upon him, at any rate up to the 30th of October, and even later than that. How then came the wonderful change in five days ? The Colonial Secretary said he had consulted certain gentlemen, but who were they? He (Mr. Butler) could understand such conduct if the Colonial Secretary were looking for an excuse to turn him over. He denied that the bar were against his appointmeut, for though a majority of them would have voted for Sir James Martin, they would have received his (Mr. Butler's) appointment with satisfaction. If his colleagues were opposed to him, why was not a Cabinet council called, instead of the insulting letter of the oth of November being sent to him? The matter bore such a questionable appearance that he was bound to take the course he had taken. Those who knew him kuew that he did not form many friendships, but when he did form them he was very tenacious of them ; and he had been very tenacious of this friendship of such long continuance, and maintained under very many circumstances that might shake the friendship of one who did not hold friendship as firm as he did. He had said on a previous occasion that it was not his intention to go into personal hos tility to the hon. member on aecount of this. He did not feel any. He was above such feel ings. But he felt it due to himself to say that nothing more in reality than the common cour tesies of life could ever again pass between them. He never claimed the fulfilment of the promise of the Colonial Secretary against the public interest, but he claimed it as a matter of fair dealing between himself and his colleagues, and as he had been led, up to the 31st of October, to expect that the appointment would be con ferred upon him. He would now take up the position of an independent member of the Xiouse, and he would give the measures of the Government that he thought to be right the support of h?s vote. That was the position he took up. He did not wish to rush into the arms of the Opposition, or the arms of anyone else, j As to Ministerial alliances, he had had quite enough of them. It would never be any great desire of his to form a Ministerial alliance again. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Lloyd said that his late hon. and learned colleague stated that his object in ad dressing the House was to set himself right in this matter; and his (Mr. Lloyd's) object in rising to speak was to put himself right, and the Government of which he was a member right as far as he could. The hon. and learned gentleman had made some statements to the House w hich he was sure he believed to be true. He desired to remind the hou. and learned gentleman of a circumstance which took place on the 31st October, and to which he had himself alluded. Although the subject was tabooed by Ministers, it was discussed both in that House and by the people out of doors, and fourteen days before the 5th November articles were pub lished in some newspapers announcing that it the appointment of the hon. and learned member for Argyle had not been made, it would certainly be made. And on the Saturday before the 5th November, it waB actually announced in oue journal that the appointment bad been made. He heard it from all quarters that if the hon. i and learned member for Argyle was appointed I when it was to possible to obtain such a man as i Sir James Martin, the appointment would never be commended by this country. On the night of | the 30th of October, as he was walking home I from that House, an hon. member took him by i the arm and walked home with him, and aa they were going along the street the gentleman asked him if he had seriously considered what would re sult if Mr. Butler was appointed. He asked the gentleman what, in his opinion, was likely to happen. The gentleman said that the feeling was so strong in the House against Mr. Butler's appointment, whilst there Avas a gentlemen so eminently qualified for the office as Sir James Martin, that he felt convinced that if Mr. Butler was appointed a vote of censure would be moved, and the motion would be carried by three-fourths of the House. [Mr. Butler : Is not that letting the cat out of the bag ?] (Laugh ter.) No ; be was leading up to certain circum stances which occurred, in order to refresh the memory of the hon. and learned member, in order to show that he was not quite correct in saying he did not kuow of his colleagues' opposi tion to his appointment until the Oth of Novem ber. He parted from the gentleman who walked home with him. On the following morning, when he got to the Treasury, he wrote a private note to the Colonial Secretary, explaining not only that, but other circumstances which had come within his knowledge, and pointing out the impropriety of the appointment if it was likely to be made. That letter was Bent, he thought about 11 o'olock in the morning. The hon. gentleman then went on to say that on that day, at an interview in Mr. Parkes'a office he had informed Mr. Butler that Mr. Farnell and all the Government were opposed to his appointment. Mr. Butler deuied the statement, and said that he was not given to understand on that day. that he should not get the appointment. After further debate, in which Mr. John Robertson-, Mr. Lucas, Mr. Wearne, Mr. Burns. Mr. Watsox, Mr. Hurley (C. C), Mr. Raphael, Mr. Garrett, and Mr. Forster took part, the motion was put, and negatived. * Wednesday. Ministers stated iu answer to questions that that the Government had no official knowledge of a testimonial having been presenteo to Mr. TeHbutfc, in consideration o: his mam'stf-rial services ; that portions of land bail from limw to time been dedicated for episcopal residences at Sydney, Goulburc, and Bathuist, and that appli cation had been made for a grant of five acres for an episcopal residence at Arinulale ; that a black man named 'Jackey,' convicted at Bathurst Assizes of the murder of two men near Forbes, and sentenced to death, had be;n re prieved on the recommendation of the Judge befote whom he was tried. Mr. Lackey presented a petition praying leave for the introduction of a bill to authoi'ize the payment of £500 per year out of the Bishop thorpe Estate Fund to the Bishop of Sydney and his successors. Mr. Pa'Rkes moved that with a view to the more effective administration of Government the House was of opinion: — ' 1. That it was ex pedient to create a Department of Justice and Public Instruction, to be presided over by a responsible Minister. 2. That after the pass ing of the resolutions the Attorney- General should cease to be a member of tho Executive Council, but should continue to be the holder of a political office with a seat in Parliament, enter ing upon his duties and retiring with the Minis try, and 3, that the office of Solicitor-General aught to be abolished.' He said that it the re solutions were carried they would have the effect of making their Ministerial arrangements more in harmony with the practice in England, where, although about forty persons hal to be consulted on the formation, of a Government, only one pereou out of the fifteen or sixteen who constituted the Cabinet was a lawyer, while in this colony the anomaly existed of at least one fourth of the Cabinet consisting of lawyers. It was often the case that the legal members of colonial Cabinets were gentlemen in extensive private practice, which interfered with their public business. He was not iu favour of the appointment of a non-political Attorney General, and thought it would not be well to incur the risk of that officer being opposed in political opinion to the Government of which he was the legal adviser. He proposed that the Attorney- General should still be a political officer, but that they should get rid of the anomaly of the grand juror sitting in the Execu tive Council, and influencing the exercise of tbe prerogative of the Governor. He felt assured that the office of Solicitor- General could be re linquished, and that the substitution of a Minis ter of Justice and Education in its stead would be for the public benefit. In consequence of a point of order raised by Mr. Garrett, the resolutions were amended so that they read that the House would go into committee for their consideraeion on next day. Mr. Forster was not sure that i the resolu tions would relieve them of the difficulties that had been experienced through the obligation to have lawyers in the Government as it was still proposed to make the Attorney- General a politi cal officer. He thought the difficulties of the past would be aggravated by the proposal of the Government, and that what was wanted Avaa a permanent CroWn Prosecutor in the place of the Attorney-General, free from all political influence. The resolution which he carried was in favour of the total separation of the law officers -from political duties ; and his own experience of the absence of lawyers from the Cabinet of a Govern ment of which he had been a member led him to believe that no inconvenience was to be appre hended from removing f rom gentlemen entrusted with the formation ot Governments any necea sity for consulting members of the legal profes sion. Mr. Butler would leave the Attorney General as at present, but he would ^appoint a permanent officer to attend to matters connected with the administration of justice, and he saw no necessity for the appointment of a Minister for Education while the colony could obtain the services of gentlemen of education, character, and ability to conduct the business of the Council of Education. After remarks from several hon. members, the motion that the House would go into com mittee next day fco consider the resolutions, was then put and agreed to. The whole of Thursday's sittings was taken up in the deussion of Mr. Parkes's resolutions relative to the proposed creation of a Department of Justice and Public Instruction. The first resolution was carried by a majority of 33 to 10, and the others with like majorities. The Municipal Elections. — Although nothing like the excitement that usually pre vails on the eve of our aldermanic elections lias been exhibited this year, some little spirit has been shown in two or three of the wards during the week just closed, notably in. Gipps Ward, where three candidates were before the public up to Wednesday morning', when. Mr. Play fair notified his retirement, much to the annoyance of his supporters, who were extremely sanguine as to his chances of success. The contest now lies between. Mr. Linsley and Mr. Chester, and of one or tlie other. In Denison Ward, both the candidates and their friends are straining every nerve to bring about the return too, no effort is wanting by the favourers of the rival seekers for aldermanic honours to score a victory for the man of their choice. Here we have t&e; retiring alderman, Mr. James Murphy, who has served the -ward for many years, again .soliciting the honour of the rater payers' suffrages ; and opposed to him are two gentlemen named Harris and Long, eaoh of whom is unknown to civic honours. The nomi nations- took ? place ? on Thursday, when - the following candidates were pi ?posed : For Gipps Ward— Mr. Thomas Chester and ; Mr. . J. - K. Liiisle.y,-j Bourke- Ward — Mr.;-, William. Cfimb, Mi1?: O, ; Moore, , and ,Mr J. ,G; :ilap]hi-l ; Macquarie ; Ward-^iVJr.; J. ;,Ma- intos.h.; :(Jook. Ward— Mr. W, Ivippax ;tFitzroyWard^-Mr. J. Green, Mr J. Hughes, and Mr J. Lahiff; Phillip. Ward — M r. , 11. Maze, ivi r- J. ;\Y . Smart, aiidiM i . G Smith ; Denison Ward— Mr,;- :J.,:Havrisj MivJL - Long, and Mr. James. Murphy. . .For.. .Aiaujuaiie Ward some., persons had; ;sent in av*docuni,ev.t signed,, by, four gentlemen whose names, arc oil the roll, , nominating Mr.. J. ,W., Smuit against Mr. Macintosh. Upon that gentleman ascertain ing that he was to be opposed he obtained, the names of those affixed to Ihe nominal icu ?paper, and at once 'waited upon two. .of, them — Mr. J. Mullins, of the Labour' Bazaar, and' Mr. Partridge, of Brickfield. Hill-r-f rom . whom,, he ascertained that the, signatures were forgeries. Thereupon he induced those gentlemen to accom pany him tothe Town- Hall, -where, they .in formed the mayor that the qualifications named were theirs, but that the signatures -had not been, affixed to the documents by them. ... Of .course, under these circumstances his worsh p rejected the nomination, aud Mr Macintosh .may, be said to be returned unopposed. ...'.Mr. Kippax also secures his seat without a contest The polling for the other wards will commence oa Monday next at So'oloek, aud close atr.4. East Macquarie. Election. — The nomination of candidates for the representation of this electorate took place on the 24th instant. Out of the long list of names that was last week befo'e this public, only three gentlemen were proposed, 'namely—Messrs. Henry Rotton,. W. II. Cooper, and B. O. Holtcrinann. Mr. Ilotton, in addressing the electors, grounded his claims upon the fact of his being a local man who had fonnely represented them in Parlia ment, aud briefly explained his views on current political matters. He was well received. Mrl Holtermann fpoke next ; and was followed by Mr. Ceoper, w.iose speech partook largely of abuse heaped upon Mr. John Suttor for not proposing him, and Mr. Thatcher for ' opposing him in the columns of the Wesfc ern Independent. We append a few extracts from Mr. Cooper's speech as repotted in the Bathurst papers. He said he appeared under great disadvantages, as a victim of mis placed confidence. ' He had been promised the support of the Suttor family, who had wormed his secrets out of him, and basely used their illgot ten information against him. [Mr. John Suttor — 'Its an infamous falsehood.'] It was because Mr. Suttor was a gentleman that he regretted the unmanly and unworthy course he had pursued. [Several of the Suttors — ' You never had any promise of our support.'] I will put the facts of the case before you. When I came here I was the bearer of a letter to Mr. W. H. Sut tor. I called on that gentleman and told him my errand, and I said that if I had the support of the Suttor fauiity I would contest the election to the utmost of my power. Mr. Suttor read my letter of introduction. [A voice: 'Who was it from ?'] Why from the Premier of this colony, the Honorable Henry Parkes. (Sensa tion.) Mr. W. H. Suttor did not promise to support me, but he said that nothing would induce him to vote for or support Mr. Rotton. Towards Mr. Ilotton I have no animosity, but for his hired calumniators, I will drag the tinsel from off tkis Brummagem patriot, and tear the mask from this hirer of bravos, at whose instigation the vilest abuse has been heaped upon me. That mongrel literary bastard, that conglomeration of all that is base, and meaa, and cowardly, and treacherous, and corrupt, the Western Independent, is paid to bark at] my heels, like a cur. Then he was not a local mac. Mr. Rotton had made a great handle of thafr rather important qualification. Well, what was Mr. Rotton's true reasons for seeking this seat in Parliament — to serve their interests or to save the stroke of justice from the devoted hia-l cf his son- in-law, Mr. Keightly ? [Mr. Ilotton started to his feet and' rushed towards Mr Cooper, and had to be restrained by force,' as was his son.] He favoured manufactories. Why should our wool be sent 10,000 miles at a, high freight and come back loaded with charges. Then ho came to Mr. 'Henry, Parkes. He pro mised that gentleman his earnest support should he be elected. He had stood by him when he was in the dust. He had nothing to do with his private character ; but he was the greatest, the purest statesman of the age— a man politi cally without blemish, and posterity would en dorse that opinion. The final triumph brought hi in Mr. Cooper, but one regret, and that was that Mr. Butler had seen in the appointment a, cause for retiring from the Ministry. [A voice ; 'Parkes got £10,000 for giving Martin the billet'] It was a foul calumny, a disgrace to the lips that uttered it, and the slander had originated and been circulated inhigh places, &c; A Mr. Sineed was also proposed, but was not present, and can hardly be looked upon as in the contest. A Ripe Old Age. — At Geelong, Vic toria, died last week an Irish lady named Mans field, Avho had reached the patriarchal age of ninety- seven. She was in her prime in the days of Mood. Gratian, an*. Wolf Tone. The deceased lady v as married in the memorable year ;9S, and remembered the invasion and. landing of the French troops in Bantry Bay. Woolloomooloo Bay Regatta. — This once popular aquatic demonstration, usually held on Boxing Day, but which has beea allowed to die out for a few years past, is to bo revived this year,— meetings having been held, and a committee appointed to curry out arrange ments. «««=«. 