ADTEHTDEB WITH EMUS. The emu i« begiuniutf lo assert a rieht to hid .'native heath" with an amount of force that proves haw much he bft* been benefit ted by civilisation, An infiinnce nf the eucr^Hiic rcbibtauce which llie bird *dTera to any fui I her encroachments of humanity iitntn itH domain recently occurred (*ays lite Wagya Wagga Express) on Bullnnliuiig I'lam*. Mi. Jtobbina, the local Kiuirod, woe driving across (he plain in question un Friday last when hi* came on a duck »f about thirly eiuue. The ojidb were * conai derable distance from hirn when he tirat ob served ilium, but inuicuJ of their mauifcat hip any alarm at bis approach, they awaited it qtiieily, and when within one hundred yards of him one portion made a move i<i tiie direction of the vehicle and lie occupant. With stalely and dcoided strpM they ap proached, beaded by a very Goliath <if an emu-a patriarchal bird who luu* h id fod upon the plait), aud had grown ancient upon (he tsrouud which his fun-fniiicrh had tiod unmolested, aave by the occaaional spear of the blackfellow* Mf. ttobtdns, who had never witne*Btrd this idiosyncrasy upon the pmi of the birds before, awaited their ap proach with becoming fortitude aud a «un. WJit'u the birds %ut witiiin eighty yards he liicdi and the leader of the Van paid die penalty of hie curiosity with a most uudig nitied somersault. The flint, however, was nut ULul, aud the woUiidud biij uiado off, puifuniiing at intervals acrobatic feaU simi. Urio the tirst. Mr. Uoi-bins then jumped from his seat to futluw up the enemy, and, when withiu reach of it, «.«* appriaed of the fact by m well- directed kick in the stomach from the bird, lie collapsed at about live yards' distance, whither the fuice of the hlow^eut him. lie promptly picked him* s< If up a^ain, and uuohaiued his dog, known by (be expensive appellation uf 41 The Foul,'* fiom the back of the trap. *'Tue Fool" coiitddered himself equul to the occasion, aud followed the foc» No sooner Lad he ovirtukeii it, however, than a similar resist auce lo that eKpetieuced by bis master met him. Mr, K>bbius at thia juncture ap pealed upou thn scene, and the other cuius, seeing the teitifoiceineut, closed up to tight for their native soil aud Wouuded com pauiou. The latter yielded up the ghost decorously after au appeal iu the shape of a second No. 1 cartridge, aud the fight waxed warm fur some time; our was it until four of their whilom comrades strewed the plain that the Uocli left it to the peasessiou of the foe. 