r < ~-fl-i-a ;i u {From tht-JSngliih Ittdepttufent.) a»d*vírypo#«bl© ^ , activa )<woQmm\ito ipr ih6Ç$niipyt§.\\}Us entertainment of tee visitors. Up to the present time the meeting* have,all been largely attended, and the most lively interest rnani C. TJnk.cs, London : and tho. Rev.'G. Wilkinson, Cholmf. . ferd.;-> -?-?!/ "?' ; f "' "' ' ! At the close of.the service a sermon wea.preeohed by tho Rev. J. Graham, from Sydney, who ,chose for his text Johnxvi. 7, VNevertheless I tell you ¿the truth;,;lit fa expedientjor yon that 1 go away :.for if I gonot away,the Comforter will nótenme unto.yon ; but-if^.depu-t,' I will1 send Bim unto yon." The sermon was mainly devoted fe : a description of the change wrought by, the-advent pf the« Holy Spirit upon the men to whom these .wards were j the sd to tw_B__"_r_i the flhn*ôfV carnality!* But oa~they tarried at Jerusalem, and' wèrèï prepared nat the reception: of 1the£pirit,they*we|o filled with light and love; they became nsw men, and were elevated to a higher plane of thought iTáke.the euee of Kimon Peter, whoso moral courage staggered under.the accu- < sanon ofia servant maid-who/fled at the appearance pf i ha bad read frcmhU'chudhood' and' not understood, now, by faith-in Christ, became lighted up by a new licht Add' he had not to excogitate, a avstem« .of- philosophy, er to 'canvas the theories? of men bf science-ne bad the simple' testimony of God. to announce, clear as the noonday aun, / and that was,41 Repent believe, be baptized, and-ve shall receive the Holy Ghost1' There was not only an illumina- tion of the understanding, but a kindling of tho affections.. Men had long before heard of the love of self, the love of tb» world, the love of country, tho love of learning, the love of conquest, but they had never before heard of " charity," tho .lovei of God and'of .man shed abroad in tho.' heart .hy tho Holy' ' Ghost That love preachid in the person of Stephen, end pleaded tor his* very murderers; in -, the person of .Dorcas, aa she.: worked in her own womanly way 'fer' har ' felbwj creatores;... in the person of PhQIp, ea he<io|d: the foreigner of' God .and ' His aalvation."and* seat him on his. way rejoicing. You see it in the assembly pleading with men for Ged, and in the ' prayer'-meetirig . pleading with .God on behalf of men. Another element wis joy. Tue dUciplea "rejoiced in ' tribulation," andit'was.i not a mere profession.. .They counted it joy to suffer shards for the name of.Jesus, for they knew .that thora was "but^s* gossamer partition between them sind glory. And the active powers of their life' shared in. this baptism of the Holy, Ghost. Their will was nerved with a new power, and they wrought with an energy; that silenced the temples aim : Oracles of tho. heathen, and. overturned their, altars-oil without the power of the sword, without State: endowment, without, political auras, without social tciat, but ** simple servsnts' -of an invisibje Master who had said, " Because I live yo shall' live also;" .The preacher,.then sought to show that 'the like "Wo dishonour tl's Holy Ghost, ha «id, by .ignoring ti work that He has dona.among us. There ia life yet in o Congregational Churches., we.are- looking.fer. signs ai wonders, for something visible and tangible.. God worl ceptiva state that takes ? what God gives, like the cultWatèa field that drinks in every shower. The disciples were led up to faith;. Faith was the hand that took, the eyethnt.aaW, the esr that heard, the digestive system that took tue aliment of heaven' and reined it into strength for the spiritual life. That is what, ia wanted in ourchurchea. ¡I do not believe that our diapehsatioa is a failure, as soma do. I believe that if we only have enough of tba Holy Spirit that wrought at Pentecost) that wrought by the Whitfield*, and the Weelsys, and th's Üdwerdeea, and the McCheyn«, our diioensetioa will perform all that God intended it to dp. You may tall me of grievous evils that are in'the world : the Spirit of God can sweep them away. . Wo want tie truth of God jn its noonday oleamees ; -wo want the Uf ebf God in ita plower and simplicity and its heavenly joy. Do not be afraid. . Give to God, get moro deeply baptized.wilh the Holy Ghost, and all will be-well. . .Tho sermon, bf] which the shove is but a brief outline, lasted,an-hour in.tho delivery. The service was -brought«to a. close by tte doxology and tie.benediction.. ,.:'?) ' : :?;/. I. \ 