* T-AtmOESTON P11K8ENTATION CONVENT. miCKPTION OF TUE WU1TB VBIL. The ceremony of a reception, or receiv ing tlio while veil, was celebrated in the Church'of the Apostles, ou Wednesday morning; last. This was tlie tint fere inony ol ilia dcBcnplion in Luuncoston, the Presentalion Convent adjoining the church, having only been occupied and openeJ as a scholastic insti: ul ion in Feb. ruary laat. -Tlio I'air-ladypoaUihiut i*-»c was, for her name is now changod) Miss Mary Unylson, second daughter of Michael JJo.vliou.-lisq., 4iiuprwtor-df -ea— tmsive flour mills at BntlrJrsi, and. large stores in Sydney, Netf.Souih Wales. Mr Uovlsou and auotiier of hu tlaughlers were present near the altar rails during the eeremen/. Tho coininenccment of the ceremony was fixed for IU o'clock, and before that hour the church was nearly filled with a higlily respectable, congregation. of all the local religious denominations, but in pro* portion of at least five of the gentle tin to on£ Jlf «lin InrHc nf rrrt^iinn Tlincft n-lin arrived lato crowded dowu. towards the altar, filling tlie aisles, whicii tho officers of the church had dlliculty in clearing to make way (or the processions. The attar was gorgeously decorated 1 with llowers and silver candelabra with long wai candles. These were lighted ana at a quarter past 10 o cloclt the door of the vestry on Hie western side of the church was opened and ; tlie ;_ procession^ entered in Iho following order;— / / KbjUt Altar Boys' weiriui; whUe «iu-|iliccE and beArinjr llghle!l Upcrs. Ills T/irdslilp Hie Itlirht Itcr. I)r. Murphy, lllaliop of Hobart Tb«fh, Celebrant. Dcacnn— Her. V.. V. WaUh. ? Sun-Dcacuii'-lter. M. lleediinor. Master of (\\.rcinoi,ii^-ltev. .1. Fcclun, Assistant I'liests— The Viii. Dean Duller, III.. It.'T. J. Mogan, and the Ucv. M. O'Cal laiihall. Dearer 'f the Processional Cross - Miss MadOcId, In coMnmc similar to (bat of the ladv poatulaul aud acajiupanic 1 Iiv tw-o very young ladv 'acolytes, Miss Ftormoe Dnoion an! Miss 0. Itoper, firesscdln white, trimmed with blue rib t»n-. This listers in single file bearing llgulel tapers. , Tlie Itev. Mother. ' The Lady I'lMlulant, bearing ^ taper anil aU lemk^l bvfourioung lady acolyltis bear inc ti|i»ri. The Misses V.llen an! Cicety Murnhv, Tlicresa iladBold, un 1 Theresa Keunul.-, The lady postulant was dressed in full bridal costume, while «itk dress trimmed with pink (loners at the shoulders and body; she wore awroethof whileflowefa' and a long rioh white lane veil and white kid glim*. The lady seemod to be about 22 years of age, of fair completion, and was apparently in the enjoyment of -x .client health. On the entrance oftlio procession the choir sang the hymn O Gloriota Vtr qinuai. The procession passed up the western aislo to the choir and dowu the ncil aisle lo the altar.. After prayer and Other religo 13 observances at the Blear, liis Jjordsbip tho llisliop asconded ilic pulpit and preached from Psalm (I)ouay versioiil yv. 5— 'Tho Lord is the portion of my inheritance aud of my cup. It is thou th&t; will restore my inheritance lo me.' English vcrsioi .wxvi. 6-'Tho Lord is the portion of mine inheritance and of my cup; thou maintainest my lot.' In this be referred to the world being in ull uses tho . greatest ohsUele to man's salvation. Tho first portion ot Ihe rlisoaurne. was addraised to the congregation, the latter to the lad} postulant, who with ihcltcverrnd Mother and sisters was at the altar rails. His Lordship recommended t0 the pos tulant us duties and privileges, prayer, humility, poverty, ami obedience j the litt.T us the foundation of all virtues, without which the world itsrlfwonM re turn lo chaos. Iu obeying her superiors she would be obeying -j'od himwlf. The duties she would bo engaged in, the instruction 6f children, would try her pa tience, 'but she would be encouraged by Ihe oiample set by the other sisters in bringing up children in the fear of Al mighty God, which was now beiue eiuiinated Irom the public schools as was proved by the spirit of inrliflerentiiui to religion which so largely Prevailed. After descending from the pulpit liis Lordship put certain questions to 'the postnlbul and received the replies as follows: Q.iestion.— My chili, -what do you de mand? ? ? . ?? . . ' ? ; Answer.— The mercy of flod, the Jjoly habit ol religion, tho thnrity of the oHler, and Uie society ol the Itcr.' Mother end Bisters. Question.— la il wWh yonr froo'Vill and consent you deotasd- the habit of re ligion t Ajiswnr.— Vm, my Lord, . . Tlie lliuliop Ihen (uriiod to the Ucv. Mother and said — HevL'Moltyr, haVefou enquired Into the oHier points brcessary (o be known for those who eater into re !igion,sna arc- ?ou fully satisfieaf ' Tcs, 'my I^qrd. ? ? , ' '? ? ' . To die' J jiokftlmii — Mr iefr tliW. hayo you « flnn intenUon to per* loyore in religion to the end of. four1 life; and' od you fhlnV.'.'jrbn' ave sulDcicnt BttenRth'fo beareoiistently^ the sweet yoke of our-Lord Jesus Christ, for the love and fear of God alone P Beijing on tho rjietoyof God, and on (lie prayers, 0/ the Mother! and Sisters, I nope tolie able to dote ' .' ' The noctulsirt kqctldewn... 1 .- r, Tl4ql)i5hQp.s«i4-\V.liaj.Goi3 bu co$/ menccd in you! may Jlo Himself .icrlict. Tho iiostulant— Amen. ' ' ' ' The Bhihop— May, the Lord baaish from J-Ou the old mart with his work*. The rtostulsnt — Amen. ? The ladv postulant then rose, eonrt seyed to liis Lordship »nd -aecempanici1 by the Her: Mother und Sisters nasra* np one of ihe oonlre aisles and Jon ,, 't|ip west aide to (lie »estry, the choir mtonuii tie Psalm la exitu Jirael. ' ^™ Tlie postulaut retired a', jogs ,nj £0. ceea en to 1 lie convent .,, clinngoiicr Him' iTui' *tam' '' *''lcr ^ww1 Baring lier absence '(be choir sane— i LiiulaU jiueri. The r;lcbriint and clergy knelt before Oie altar in silmit nruyen On the return of the pisthlant with her worldly drepuchsngod for a .robe, belt, mnitlcan.ia6to!nr;w1iicliha4 been pre viously blessed by Hie Bishop at the altar, the.ohoir tang Qua fit i,la, During tlie:sineinjr His Lordship the, oelebrantblesKdibe white vtil, jrhieli tlieoonnetlien put- on iu place of another ?rorn when she entered. His Lordship saying 'Receive the white -veil, the emblem of inward purity.that Uiou mayost follow the Latnb without stain and mayest walk wjth li|m in «Hiiie. Jn the mime of me jruuer.anaortbe Son and of tile Holy Ghost.'. . . The clergy—Amen. The Ilishop then named the novice tiller Mary Agnes and intoned iho Vcai Creator Sjnritut which tho clioir oon- tinued, tho ' novioc .remaining pros'lralj with her arh)« Mteqd.pJ jn'tbp formoXn cross. ,''..'?. .. ' . ? Alter pesyers Uie ' novice' wa.s raised by an assistant prjpst who eanducted her to licUer. Mother whoembraccd ber and sho afienrarns'emuraeen1 tlio sisters, the Choir singing Pen yttam hohum. Tbe'noTiee,a«listed bybernster, senc -=*ly1n!Brt1iatb tittered a good word. I speak my injrks to tbc Kinr. ?? . . TlirfbTioir^n fcsponiel-Whom I bare seen, whom I have loved, in whom I hare wlievftd, and towards whom my heart ill Korjce-I hsvo chosen tbbofcn abfoet in Uje house of my Lord Jesus Christ. Choir in response-'WJibm t Iwro, &. Tho celebrant clergy ajjf sisters all knelt in prayer. ?? ? ? ' ' i - ? The choia ntfOJS»tutarU, and then Ib«i*-i« Etgv, IxfdtU knd O SatutU tima at intervals bttweenthe -praycra. — ?The oM^monymtibe .Ulir^!»«i/c»6*4' by awlMttUaTp^ ?elebraiit.'rtijt.g 3ft: »''«'«-« nnd pronouncing the henedi,, mi m Holy- haorament. Ihe procession then . rejbrmoil and passed up tlio church, down the aisle ',. the%esl«H,«dototlio veatry, the cl.o sfririnff Deat Mitnwlim: ? Tho cntiro boremony closed ut 1' otlock. ? The anflsintiwoived Tor admission was 