THE WARATAH DEMONSTRATION. On Friday evening last, the dinner in connec tion with the Waratah. demonstration in celebra tion of the abolition of tho tonnage dues, took place in the Waratah Public School-room, which had been gaily decorated with greens, flags, and devices, and was kindly lent for the occasion by the Council of Education. Whilst the company were assembling, the splendid brass band, known as the Lambton Band, played in a very excellent manner several selections of sacred and operatic music, chief among which was the celebrated ' Gloria,' from Mozart's 12th Mass. The chair was occupied by Mr. Turton, the Mayor of Wara tah, and the vice-chair by Mr. M'Michael ; to tho right of tho chairman sat Mr. James Han nell, M.F., for Northumberland, and to tho left Mr. Hubbard, of Newcastle. Grace having been sung, accompanied by tho band, tho company, numbering about 150, sat down to dinner to do justice to the liberal and at the same time first class spread before them — a spread which could not fail to reflect very great credit upon the caterer, Mr. Shoesmith, of Lambton. After din ner, the company retired for half an hour, during which time the tables were cleared ready for the toasts which were to follow. The first toast ' The Queen,' was proposed by tho Chairman, the band playing the ' National Anthem.' The Chairman also proposed, 'The Prince and Princess of Wales,' coupling with it ' The Members of tho Royal Family,' and ' Sir Her cules Robinson, the Governor of tho Colony.' Both toasts were drunk whilst the band played ' God bless tho Prince of Wales,' and the ' Fine Old English Gentleman,' respectively. The Chairman then proposed, ' Our Guests,' and took the opportunity of stating that the com mittee had waited first upon tho managers of tho various collieries, inviting them to the dinner, but he (the chairman), was sorry to say, for some cause or other, not ono of the managers were pre sent ; however, ho hoped that the dinner would be a success without them. (Cheers.) Tho toast was well received, the band play ing, ,' For they are jolly good fellows.' Mr. Hubbard, in responding to tho toast, said that it was not without much difficulty he made his way from Newcastle to Waratah that night, on account of the rail road ; he was nearly being stuck in the mud more than once, and recognised on the way the buggy of Mr. Hannell stuck in the mud and abandoned. However, ho was very glad to be present at that social gathering, and hoped that whenever there wero the like gather ings at Waratah, ho might bo permitted to be present. He thanked them on behalf of himself ind friends for tho manner in which they had re :eived the toast, (Cheers). Captain Kershaw, of tho barque Harrowby, in responding to the toast, said he was very glad thut tho tonnage duos had been abolished ; it was a matter ot pounds, shillings and pencb to captains and owners, and he had no doubt but that the abolition of those tonnage dues would contribute materially to the prosperity of the port. Ho wished success to the collieries, and to the Waratah Colliery especially, because ho was taking their coal away. (Cheers.) He thanked them for the toast. The Arice-Chairman, in proposing 'Tho Minis ters of the Crown,' said he was sorry none of them were there, but they deserved tho thanks of tho community nevertheless. The toast was drank with due honors, the band playing ' Rule Britannia.' Mr. James Hannell, M.P., in rising to respond to the toast, said his object in responding to the toast was not so much to return thanks for the Ministry as to make a few remarks. The pro sent Ministry, he thought, wore deserving of the thanks of the country, and of Northumberland in particular. As for the tonnage dues he, him self, opposed the imposition of the tonnage dues ; it wus uu error to impose those dues at all. There was no local taxation in the taxing of strangers and ships. (Cheers.) The abolition of the ton nage dues removed a grievance which had been long felt as a sore. To abolish tho tonnage dues the measure must have been a Government one or it would not have passed. Mr. Lloyd had done all ho could, as well as himself, to get tho Bill passed, and he could bear testimony to Mr. Lloyd's zeal iu the mutter. He liked to give honor where honor was due. (Cheers.) With regard to local matters, he saw on the walls of that noble institution tho device, ' There's a good time coming.' Ho (Mr. Hannell), thought there was a good time coming, especially for Northum berland. He was surprised as to tfie amount of prejudice and ignorance that existed respecting the miners and the district. It was thought that the men were unreasonable, aud wanted to domi neer over tho masters. There were strange ideas entertained respecting the district, and although he didnot often make speeches in the Assembly he had done what he could. When a member gets up to make a speech he generally ofl'cnds some, and often moro than he thinks. He (Mr. Hanncll), could assure them all the business of legislating for the country was not done in the Legislative Chamber, a groat deal of it was dono in tho library, the anti-chamber, and refreshment room. (Laughter and cheers.) He undid a great deal of the gross ignorance that prevailed with the members concerning the miners, and the mining district. He had something to tell them ! The electorate would be divided and they would havo two members instead of one. The district ought to have two members. (Cheers.) The wealth and importance of the district was not known, or a much larger sum of money would have been spent in it. (Cheers.) Then, as to tho Court of Petty Sessions, the want of it was a long griev ance. He thought they ought to have their own magistrate's and a court. He was told when he brought tho matter before the Government some time ago, that the matter was only waiting for tho decision of Mr. Parkes on that day. He (Mr. Hannell) drew their attention to the notice that appeared in the Government Gazette, that a Court of Petty Sessions was to be held at Coorum bung ; he thought that it was a mistake ; he was fully persuaded that Waratah was the place meant, and if the Under-Secretary were written to the mistake would be corrected. He thought that he had the confidence of the electors, though he had not been addressing the constituency ; ho was sure he would havo heard, ho had no doubt, if ho had beon lacking in his duty. (Cheers.) Ho invited them to draw his attention at any time to anything, whenever he neglected his duty. Ho thanked them on behalf of the Ministry, for the very hearty and cordial manner in which they had received the toast ; ho was sure tho Ministry would bo highly gratified when they saw by the public Press the manner in which they had been toasted. They had a good Ministry, and a good Ministry made good mem bers. Thero was a good time coming, ho was sure of it. (Cheers.) Ho (Mr. Hannell) was very sorry he was the only member of Parlia ment present. There were big men and little mon, ugly men and goodlooking men, clever men and fools (chetrj and laughter) in Parliament. There ought to be, he thought, some honour in having io letters M.P. attached to one's name, seeing tho great deal of inconvenience and bother which the duties of Parliament entailed on a member. They had to listen sometimes to speeches that would send one to sleep ; and when the Parlia ment rises, perhaps at two or three in tho morn ing, you are roused up, and when you go home you cannot get to sleep (cheers), arid then you meet with so many temptations on the way And there were also the refreshment. room aud its dangers. (Cheers and laughter.) Mr. Hanncll then re-delivered a very amusing spoech made somo time ago by a member of Parliament, on tho subject of the Glebe abbattoirs. The Vice-Chairman then proposed ' TheMuni cipal Institutions.' He said they enjoyed the benefits of the municipal institution, and that, as in Parliament, so in the Municipal Council there were various kinds of mon ; but he (Mr. M'Michael) was sure they all did their best to do their duty. (Cheers,) As for themselves, in a short time, he hoped their roads would be placed in a good condition, and thoro would be no such accident as thero had been that night. Bui that was on account of tho continued bad weather. Shortly, there would be a good road all the way to Newcastle. (Cheers.) The toast was drunk with enthusiasm, the band playing ' Weel may the keel row.' The next toast was ' The Coal Trade and Com merce,' proposed by the Chairman, who said be would call upon Captain Kcrshaw to respond o: behalf of commerce, und Mr. Michael Yates oi behalf of the coal trade. . The toast was drunk with a will, tho bam meanwhile plaj'ing ' Money in both pockets.' Captain Eershaw, in responding on behalf o Commerce, said ho was glad tho tonnage due had been abolished ; ho believed that tho cup tains in the harbour all heartily joined in (hank ing ttcm for the abolition of tho tonnage dues When they chartered ships or sailed for anj foreign port, they always looked out beforchanc what they had to pay when tliey got there ; anc if they went to a port whero there wero heavj dues to pay, their owners would say, ' What did you go there for !' Ho (Captain JCershaw) was sure that the abolition of the tonnage dues would be the means of bringing shipping to their porl — shipping from foreign ports — ships of large tonnage. He thanked them, on behalf of the commercial interest. (Cheers.) Mr. Michael Yates said he thought that Nor thumberland had good prospects. The wealth and greatness of the district were only now be coming known. (Cheers.) Tho miners were not disposed to strike ; thoy only wanted to try and keep pace with their fellow-men in England. The men and masters being reasonable, all would go on well. The miners were shortly about to propose a code of rules, by which disputes would bo referred to arbitration; and if tho masters refused to accede to. this proposal, it would bo their fault, not the fault of the men. Ho saw by the English papers that coal was getting scarce in England, and that foreign ports would have to draw their supplies of coal from Aus tralia. Tho demand was greater than the supply, and therefore they would always fiud a market for their coal ; he thought this was a sure proof that there was a good time coming. (Cheers.) He thanked them on behalf of tho coal trade. (Cheers.) Mr. Hubbard said ho would like to say a few words on bohulf of the commercial interest. He believed in commerce as tho greatest lover to the civilization of the world, as ono of the greatest links iu the civilization of mankind ; it would bring about a reunion of countries. One country exports tho raw material ; it is sent to another, and in return the manufactured articlo is sent out, and thus they receive their own back again. Ho believed that if it wero not for commerce; they would dwindle down to tho primitive stato from which they rose. (Cheers.) Tho Vico-Chainnnn then proposed ' The Army, Navy, and Vblunteers.' Tho toast was drunk with enthusiasm, the band playing ' The Red, White and Blue.' Mr. Daniel Marriott was called upon to re spond, and said he was proud to bo a volunteer. Ho had been a volunteer for more than five years, and had got his land order (laughter), yet it was not with that object in view that ho pined. He hopeel he would be a volunteer for five years more aud get a second land order. (Cheers aud laughter.) Ho thanked them for the toast. Mr. Davis then sang ' The Irishman,' to the air of ' I'm an Englisman,' and ' Have you seen the Ghost ?' Tho Chairman then proposed a toast which, ho was sure, would be well received, uamely, the health of ' Our Member, Mr. James Hannell.' The toast was drunk with a bumper, the band playing ' Should auld acquaintance bo forgot.' Mr. Hannell, in responding to the toast, said, when he was a candidate to represent them' in Parliament, he received a warm greeting at their hands in their admiration of his character as a man and a citizen. He had identified himself with the progress of civilization in Newcastle ; ho recollected when the Government guvo that magnificent grant of land to the A. A. Company. Ho recollected when ketches and schooners of from fifteen to twenty tons wero tho only colliers to Newcastle, and when they wero surprised if they saw a brig in port. The coal industry was even now only iu its infancy. Thore was a great future, lie was satisfied, in store for Newcastlo ; and when ho used the word Newcastle ho meant tho whole district. There was a great deal said about tho want of facilities for tho shipment of coal; there wero facilities for shipping half as much coal again. Tho supply of coal from tho mines was insufficient. As for tho want of ship ping accommodation, there ought to be a dock where ships could bo loaded immediately they arrive in harbour and go straight to sea. They have seen already tho two dredges wero at work. Tho works were progressing, but it would re quire a great outluy. He (Mr. Hanncll) felt proud thut night because ho represented tho most influential and intelligent constituency in the colony. (Cheers.) He wus elected to Parlia ment by a larger number of votes than any other member of the House. (Cheers.) He would do nothing to make the constituency ashamed of him. Ho promised them ho would do all ho could. Everything that ho had asked for from_ the Government ho Lad obtained. Tho police station and court-house had been promised, their postal communication had been much improved — (cheers) — and thoy would have telegraphic communication as soon as suitable offices wero found. (Cheers.) Ho would not neglect his duty, and would be glad to have his attention called to anything ho may leave undone, so that the matter my be romedied. He (Mr. Hannell) was shortly to become a coal proprietor himself ; but that would do them no harm. (A voice : The more tho merrier.) Ho was never bettor pleased in his life than ho then was, and he did not at all consider it infra, dig. to join in their sociality and make himself one of themselves. (Continued cheering.) Mr. Han nell then, at tho urgent request of a largo num ber of the company, sang an Irish song, which contributed not a little to add to the pleasure of tho evening. The Vice- Chairman then gavo ' Lady Robin son and the ladies of tho colony,' which was heartily drunk by all, tho band playing ' Hero's a health to all good lasses.' Mr. G. Wallace, of Newcastle, ably responded on behalf of Lady Robinson and tho ladies gene rally. Mr. Dent, of Lambton, then gave a comic re citation, which was encored, and, in answer to the demand, gavo another comic recitation of his own composition, which reflects groat credit upon Mr. Dent's powers of satire. Our readers may see it printed in another issue. The Chairman then gavo tho toast, ' Success to the land we live in,' to which he' invited all to fill their glasses. Tho toast was drunk with a will, the band playing ' Tho Cornstalk Polka.' Dr. Hill was called upon to respond, and thought that the land in which thoy lived was the brightest and best in tho world — (a senti ment which was highly applauded.) He (Dr. Hill) hoped that tho land would continue to in crease, and that all might bo spared to see that time. (Cheers.) Messrs. Davis and Marriott sang two solos, which wore applauded. Mr. James Hannell then proposed ' The Com miteo and tho Lambton Band,' and descanted upon tho splendid spread the company had been treated to that ovening. He did not fear any comparison between that dinner and tho banqnet to Mr. Lloyd in Newcastle. (Cheers.) And as for tho Lambton Band, he was surprised and de lighted to hear such a treat of music as they had boen favoured with by the band, which he thought was not equalled— certainly not sur passed—by the Duke of Edinburgh's own band. Tho toast was drunk with enthusiasm. Mr. Page, the secretary of the committee, re sponded on behalf the committee, and said ho was proud to belong to a committee whero thero was such fixedness of purpose, and that the com mittee were all satisfied it tho company retired pleased with the manner in which things had been carried out. With regard' to tho Lambton band, he (Mr. Page) said the committoo wero glad they had been m a position to accept the tender of the Lambton band, for they deservedly bore the'palm from every brass band in the dis trict, (Cheers.) Mr. Harper, tho treasurer, also returned thanks on behalf of tho committee. The Lambton band wore called upon for a selection of music, and admirably rendered a fine selection from the opera of ' The Grand Duchess.' Mr. Harper then proposed tho health of ' Mrs. Hannell and family, which was heartily respon ded to, tho band playing ' Let us be happy together.' Mr. Hannell returned thanks on behalf of Mrs. Hannell 's family. Tho^ Vice-Chairman then proposed ' Tho Press,' which was drank with due honor, the band playing 'Up in a balloon.' Mr. D. D. Rutledgo responded on behalf oE the Newcastle Chronicle, and Mr. Eipper on be half of the Maitland Mercury. Mr. Ogle, of the band, then sang a song which was encored. The Vice-Chairman then proposed 'the Chair man.' The toast was drunk with a will, the band playing ' He's a jolly good fellow.' Mr. Turton (the Chairman) duly responded, after which tho company dispersed, heartily pleased at the sumptuous entertainment, and the excellent music which had been discoursed to them by the Lambton band. The Lambton band, indeed, woll deservo the very high enco miums passed upon them, if we ma.y take thejr performances that evening as a specimen of their ability,) harmoniously good time, and difficult: music. . Although tho members of the Committee did not leave tho supper table until past two o'clock, on Saturday morning, they were not at all be hind hand with tho preparations for the public demonstration. A procession was formed at the Druid's Hall, Lambton, which marched from theneo to tho Railway-station, Waratah, and con sisted of the Committee, tho Lambton brass band, the members of the various Friendly So cieties in regalia, and then residents of the town ship and children. As soon as the special trains arrived from Newcastle and Wallsend, tho pro cession was reformed and marched up to tho spot which had been chosen on tho highest hill, at tho rear of the Church of England, at which place tables and forms wore fixed in a kind of bower, and a plentiful supply of eatables and drinkables having been provided by Mr. Shoe smith, ample justice was dono to them. 1080 tickets wore disposed of for the luncheon, and altogether there wore over fifteen hundred per sons present. The spot chosen was a most pic turesque one, giving the visitors a splendid view of the harbour and surrounding districts. The weather also was delightfully fine, and every thing passed oft' as merry as a mill. James Han nell, Esq., M.P. for the county, was present with several of his daughters, and mixed freely amongst his constituents, appearing to enjoy themselves as well as any ono of tho vast as semblage, reminding us of the fine old English gentleman amongst his tenants. The band played at intervals during the luncheon, and as soon as the inner man was satisfied, an adjournment took place for the sports. The first race contested for was a handicap foot-race, 130 yards ; first prize, a wedding cake presented by Mr. Shoesmith) ; second prize, 10s. After several runs off, the prize was won by Magrick— Greenwood taking socond prize. A handicap race, for boys under fifteen years of age, for a fat sheep, the gift of Mr. M'Michael, was won by a lad named Boll. The Old Man's Race. — First prize, 15s., was won by Captain Peacock, who ran in racing cos tume, lie was loudly cheered upon coming in, and was carried on the shoulders of his admirers, The band playing, 'Sco tho conquering hero comes.' The next event was tho Pole Vaulting. First prize, los. ; second prize, 5s. Thore were seve ral entries for this event, but as tho height, in creased so the number of competitors decreased until it was loft to two — Messrs. Bevan and Petie. These two jumped as high as the jump allowed them, viz. — eleven feet six inches — so icy divided the prizes between them. Could the height have boen raised we think the first prize would have fallen to the former. For tho best step-dunccr Mr. Brennan took tho first prize — a tweed coat — presented by Mr. D. Watson, and Mr. B. Richardson second prize, 5s. The winner of the prize for the skipping match was Miss Morris, and Captain Kershaw acted 'as judge. There were soveral other events to be decided, but time would not permit of them tak ing place. The band was kept well occupied throughout tho day, and the greatest enjoyment appeared to ho dtmcing to its lively music There was also somo capital fun for the young sters in climbing tho groasy pole for' bags of lollies. Tho bonfiro was lit somewhat prematurely by some mischievous boys, but this did not spoil the hilarity, as it blazed away until fully nine o'clock. A more enjoyable day's sport could not have been providod, and we are glad to say that all passed off without tho slightest accident. Somo idea of tho traffic at the Waratah Sta tion on this day has been supplied us by Mr. Muttlebury, tho station-master. Ho booked 692 1/2 passengers from his station, and the last train from Newcastle brought 801 passengers. STOCKTON. Tho residents of this township were not behind hand with their rejoicings. In the evening a largo bonfire, mado up with a lot of timber and five tons of coal was kindled, and burnt with much splendour throughout the night, casting a bright light over tho harbjur. Reverancc is sweet. — A man recently had ret son to bolieyo that his wood pile was disappearing more rapidly than it ought, even in a Vermont winter, and accordingly doctored a certain stick, and put it in a convenient position forabstruction. Next morning there was an explosion in his neighbour's cooking-stove that sent the ash, cook ing-stovo, and buckwheat cakes flying about very pomiscuously. 