A .IUM11LK. [t wiih evening ; In the wc&tward; auk the loll v red-faced sun, Ueiiming with n glow of pleasure that on. oLhcr day was done. ; But before lie drew the ourulns of his warm and cosy bed. Kissed Die summit of Mount Arthur, where a cloud all rosy red Just reflected back llio kindness with a me. inenUry glow, Then heejiiHe, an if hy magic, one great uiaba of wuolly snuw ; 8pGaffif.^r.B!?led mou'ma 'kci w:;i uXr'in^hf11'1 uji rowi '? ]™ins Anil 1 gazed in silent rapture o'er tlie land scape at my feet, Where the Ksk and sullen Tamar'iuld tlie fertile meadow* meet ; Dul a fairer scene extended untliat mil™ ,„ the right ' Where Iheflinl of windimj water caught the slowly fading light As it wound among the willows, rcnd'riniF fertile all that land e With Iu rich and oojy fatness spread with fto unsparing baud ; Bringing, with I u corn and noiturei, iritb Its quictmidBlwdydell., Vitiou« of the mother country, but, alas no mellow bells Wilh their melanclioly music, aid to cheat the longing oar, And transport, as In a dream tmncr, to the land we hold so dear. ?Ti« in vain the eye goes roving (n Ihis silent evening hour, It will meet no country village with Iu Iry covered tower. ' But thcrc'a all the tranquil sweetness, all Uie balmy scented air ; Of iho dear old Knglhh harvest-but the bells— they arc not there. Oh. the soft and tad vllirationB, they ascend not from tun rale, And the cliurcli-8 call to even' song Is borne not on the gale, Hut Ihe Jigut )ms a!j den.rtcj wWic ttic „ ol darkness looms K'of lol'S!'' M ' lingCr iD tMl Ion-;l5' 1'1llcc Hush ! around mo rise pale phantoms In their shilling roues of dcalli, Chilling all the languid lephyi- with thefc cold and icy breath j And I tremble 'main Uie glitter ot the ?tony marble p^ore ' Of those wild unearthly eyeballs, with their oou«Btnitol Btiirc ; Till I vcnlnre, though much fearing:, (o art dress a spectre mild With the humble aaiuuilion, 'If you pleas oir, dou't be riled, But a curious stranger uki you, Wliat's the meaning of this sight) Do you Bwarthed and sheeted oorp»es turn out this way cvVy night ?' Then tlicre omc a hollow murmur from among lili yellow bones. And I shuddered as I listened to the marrow creeping loocs. 'It is only in the summer that «e venture above ground, When the nights arc warm and pleasant when tho moon la full and round.'1 lias a man, I asked htm, quaking, has a man. named Billy Joae* Got a lodging In this quarter, U bo under neath these stone* f Was your friend, tic questioned sternly was lie classed with the elect ? Or, in plainer language guv'ttor, was he num bered in our sect. I could only answer meekly, [f yonplcasp, blr, he was not t Then he docs'nt lie among u. we're * taast cxcluaivo lot : Only Uioso of our persuasion, who arc all for heaven bound, Are admitted to the privilege of reposing in, this ground | Then he drew more closely round him iff the foldings of his shroud, As he turned ills hack upon me cro ho min gled with the crowd. With tlic crowd of awful Bnauom ever mov ing tii and fro, Kisiujf up I thought I'd hook II, as I'd seen cnuiigh I'd so ; But a something seemed lo bold me in that weird and woeful place, So 1 leaned against a tombstone with a white aii.l \\-MA {ace, Hearing all tlio muffled monthings of the gliaatly, ghostlike mob— ({earing bony knuckles rattle u some Elder rtpped the nob Of A cheeky, chaffing bogy, who the dreary silence tirokc Witli his Impudent repartee, wliilc his mites did ?' borak' poke At the old glioats as they passed them, ih a. way that made me shake, And I pinched myself and! aikid myiclf if I could be awake. Then a second time I started from ay cold and stony scat, When a gaunt and acraggy ghostess cbt« with loosely jointed feet. Oh t the horror of that moment, as she laid her grizzly slnill On my shoulder, and the sockets (where her evts were not) were full Of « phnsphorctie glitter, filling all my soul with dread; There ii lay upon my (boulder like a heavy lump of loni Then an arm was thrown around roc, shriv elled up, and lank and long, Th rough mj cliatfring teeth I faltered ?' thl« n cooling it too strong.' nut she only draw up closer, pointing to wards a ramilay tomb, Through her jaws came fearMrae uHYan.c, ' there Is yet sufficient room Vor another in a earner ot »on olffknd cozv vault i' J Then the -Ran to draw me toward. It when I nalpllated-Hall ! She embraocu me, oh, tliat prciiure, oh, that cold aud clammy frame t And J could1])! liclp exclolmia?, ' Oh, you naughty ghost, for aliame,' Well you know that it were paltry into any grave u- weak j And, In fact, I'm quite nbovo it : Don't Bup posc I'd poke my beak Where I know I a»i not tranted, whew the— starting— 'twas a dream, t'ouud the moon was iu the heaven with. « calm and boly beam, Falliug on the rusty railings In a placid, loving way. Lighting up the fjuJcd Jcltcn lrith a full and glorious ray. Ail the nnraes of little children verr plainly might bo read, Wholiavo gene to take their nlscas 'mmg the other sainted dead. ?Foro the jhIoiI'b ey» tlowly pastes, In a pan oramlc view, Little beds where little facet dallj *fc a paler hue. Ever paler, ever; paler, till the bat* eyes grow mm. And a sudden nurohncm stiffens each nooi fcvcr- troublcd limb. *^ Ata.lrV5St'wltal1' at Vm Mlran ( iuUra l !ili'^''lg '* lttU-*Uc' tai **'* -??* '^^^^^^^y.MtuebeU nag 'SaBte^Lt0^0'^''* That auch tweet and gentle cnatum Aould bo out upon Uie «pree. OIh my foolish little »i»Ur», take a patri arch's advice, '^ And avoid Uie RminUng highway, or you'll pay e fearful price For thew— well, we'll say flirtation, as I always draw It mild j lUng the gamp, when cubs Intuit you, on their heads so neatly tiled i For I noticed as I mustered through the ?treel from end to eno, How a tightly tjratpod umbrella it Uu rlrto ous maiden's friend j How, when handled1 with decision. 'Us a mob repelling rod - How a«nddeDfonvardtliniit!fieg)vetaaast anpleatanl prod. ^ There were wvcral virgins trail It with tint true unerring slrill Fiom a tall Indignant beauty i*l tawKil dcniy hrought low i * . . . Cajncoutpouringln atolum«ka» harttrted ioiuffxcei. ' : - WlHianalrof prottS &eB;«i-a, jttirl Wyoni ihc ladj'i reach, ? '*. ^ Wood hebrtvetv and aefireWtadiaUD gnlmiry nie^A, ??-.?, Tl,.t I pondered on l!.e meaning of one oft very of leu hoard. tSw of^c'lpreaslon. Bliet.tly verged upon tlic blue. Tii ! a language full of moaning, all tlio aen jrprr^o^vofon,,,^ flowing verse. jh.roiuadctl.Uranaid.tolcnc.i that the tits I don t bIiovv. j.-uded we tlicsu lucubrations, for llic hour is of^&^.vc^.goye forth and meet your fule. . WANDKUKII. 