THE RACES. AT kat, hero wo nra on the morniag of the Legor Day, that day which H oin a folks aro glad to see arrive, Borne wish to hiivo put off for a week, and somo would'likè never to como nt all ¡ and in a fow hours tho hopes and fears of hundreds will bo set at rest, The prospect has not been u bright ono Binco Thursday night, for tho heavy downfall of rain made it. at one time very doubt- ful whethor tho races, could tako place on their proper days; but things now look as rosy as can be, and there is very little doubt thnt tho races of to-day will ba as enjoyable asean bo, and more exciting, than those of nny prorious meeting. The Jockey Club have provided ft day's sport plontiftil enough to idease the most exigeant nf holiday mnkcrs, who will need nothing more than tho Knudwiclc fixture to fill up tho whole dey, seeing that to be in time for the exciting hurdle race one must leuvo town nt ll o'clock, arid tho last race coming at fl, crives but just sufficient time for arrival before dark. Tbo character of tho sport is likely to. be first-class, for tho programma being well ont out, the fields un- usually large, and the quality of .tho nags Al, it is pro- bable we shall see races never bofora equalled on Hand wick, and tho attendance should, be mnch larger than ever before- has been knewn. The business will commença at noon - with tho Hurdle Krico ia which eight still remain, including tho old opponents Gaffer Grey, Whalebono, Bronzewing, and William Tell, with tho Melbourne celebrity Doleful, the dark GUdstono_ ana Adonis, and the well known old Comet; and this lot should give us a contest such as was never expected in. any similar evett run herc. Then will come the meeting of Dag- worth, Eeprieve, Tho Ace, and The Prophet, possibly tho best four year old quartet; e over bronght together on colonial soil, with the crack three year olds Loup, Silver Fox, and Staohope, and thoie will be seen a mile and a quarter race fit for toe most faitidious; to feast their eyes on. These twa appetizers will surely send a hungry crowd into host O'Brien's luncheon rooms, where lunch on the usual first-class scale will, of course bo provided ; and after this, at half-past 2, tho finest and best field of two-year-olds we have ever seeu hero will como out for Trio Champagne, which will indeed bo a sight worth looking at. Of these young ones only six have bean in public ; snd, as a natural consequence of good performances, Kose d'Amour holds her own os first favourite, with Sterling a sa in geod demand; but, with such goíd-looking ones as Viva, Master M'Grath, Speculation, Kingcraft, tho Emery filly, and others, coming ' out uu.ric1., the race has yet to ba won Although tho Leger field will not number moro than eight, they are a rare lot, and tho winner hard to pick ; fer the names of Loap Garon, Patriarch, Commodore, Blue Peter, M'Callum Mohr, The Arrow, and others, have, all in their time, been heard with dread ; and the race will be a fine one. There will be a large and good field for tho Doncaster Handicap, and a ditte for the Trial Stakes ; which will fill up a splendid day's sport, and ought to Bend every one home satisfied. The other attractions are many and various enough to induce all Sydney to turn out to the course. Sir Hercules .Robinson will drive his four-in-hand onto the ground, with Lady Robinson and their guests, Mr. and Mrs. Du Cone; the members of tho Four-in-hand Club will be well repre- sented by tho well appointed turnouts of Mr Richard Rouse, Mr. J. «le V. Lamb, Mr. G. F. Want, Mr. E. Terry, und others : and the tout ensemble of tho course and stands will.have as lively an appearance as mem- bers, beauty, and fashion, can give it. The ground was never before in better order, seldaas. BO good. And after the late rain there ia not much danger af horses breaking down ; so that it is fair to hope and expect that the runaing of to- day will not shorten very materially the fields for the Cap and other races of Thursday- I .cannot alter any of my picks for to-day's races ; hut Vixen's withdrawal from the mile contest leaves me with one short, and I shall leave tho place vacant. There was some excitement on Satur- day night at ''Tatts" caused by Mr. Coker going in pertinaciously to back Commodore for the Leger, and taking a lot of money at from 100 to 18 to luOto 20; which had the effect, of course, of pitching Loup back to 7 to -4. U'hcro were varions sur- mises as to the reasons for this rush onto Jav'lia's brother, some thinking tho object was to merely run bim up to a rory short price, while others thought it a sign that Loup would not go te the post ; but be this as it may, the betting left off with Loup 7 to 4, Patrick 5 to 2, and Commodore 5 to 1, after tho taker of this last figure was satisfied. Tho day's scratching* wore :-Johnny Smoker for nil engage- ments, Vixen for tho Doncaster, Boneda Boy for the Hurd lo Huco, Oaswarina for tho Champagne, Brides- maid, Vision, Queen Mary, and Coxcomb for the Leger. Below I give the list of probable starters and jockeys, only slightly altered from Saturday, as it will he seen that Shields will ride Viva ; and this being the case, it is quite likely that Attraction will not go for tho Cham- pagne. Tho Abbott und the Marchioness filly I should say are at least doubtful for the Leger, as neither can have the ghost af a chance; and thanking the secre- tary on behalf of my collator<teurs for _ giving tho hitherto useless room with tb» long table, in the grand staud, for the uso of the Press, I finish jay concluding winding-up of tho Leger day forerunnings, trusting to fine weiLihar to ensuro tho unmixed prosperity of the meeting. Pnoium,E STARTERS AND RIDERS. CHAMI'AU.NB STAKUS. 1 Klngoralc, Al. Dry ant Sentinel, Colley Kluglike, T. Anderson. Muster M'Grutli, Joe Kean J Oceola, Kamsay Attraction Gladstone, Donnelly Viva, Shields Emery filly, Stanley Kxcelsïor t Htcrllng, Bennett , Rote d'Amour, Ashworth ,, Tb« .'I'uorn, Lewis Speculation,- Gook ? 'K .-'? Heuvolio, Hales. ? '-. ST. Lira ER. Patriarch, Joe Kean Stanhepe, 0. Oreen -, . M'Oullum Mohr, Ashworth . . . Westminster Shields Commodore,T. Brown Blue Peter, X. Endorso* ïlie Arrow, Lewis , , IioupQaron, W. Twnsai King Tom XtieAbbott,Coak i ' Marobioaess 7Illjr, Bennett. 