"QUOtrSQUE?" HOW FAB AND HOW LONG? We commend to our readers the following, addressed to the Jiecorcl : — I venture to invite the immediate attention of all your readers to a thick pamphlet, of 104 pages, recently published bj' Longmans, entitled "Quoaque? Haw Far? How Long?" being considerations on llitualism bv a Hiffh Church- man of the Old School. The pamphlet contains a most iiowerful and withei-ing exposure of the real character' and dangerous tendencies of the Kitualistic si'stem, and deserves to be spread broadcast over the laud. I haye_ not the least idea who this " High Churchman" is, or what he has been" thinking or doing up to the present time ; but, whoever he may be, his eyes seem to be open at last, aiid he has produced a work which is einiuently counted to be useful at the present crisis. I particularly recommend it to the notice of those Evangelical Churchmen who have never yet supported the " Church Associa tion," and to those hesitating friends Avho are disposed to secede from the "Association." Let them note the striking fact that at this moment a " High Churchman" comes forward to defend the "Church Association." I send a few extracts as specimens of the whole work, and I entreat your readers to buy, lend, and circulate it without delay. I i-emain, j'ours faith full', Keswick, June 10, 1S73. J. C. Byle. And now comes the rjuestion — QUOUSQUE ? — how far ? how long ? How far will these men go? How long will it be paticntlj' borne? How is it to be stopped? Who is to stop it? Some of these cjuestious ai'e more easily asked than answered. With regard to the first, it is clear enough that, rejecting the modern notions nf inffil MUllif.v nf -hlif -hliA Tiiimnmilnfo Conception, and the like, they will go as near the Piomauism of the meditcval times as they dare, or as thej' are allowed, fflicy will not bo Ultramontaues, because there are jjoints in this which the.y cannot swallow ; but they will do their very utmost, day b.y d.ay, to imijrcss upon the English Church and the English people that modified Bomanisni of which the Ultramontanes are, after all, the natural and logical develop ments. _ ' How long this will be patiently borne depends upon the 'Cpiestion, how soon men and means will be found effectually, if not easily, to stop it ? And first I woidd suggest that every man should do whatever' lies in the sphere of his duty, or his talents, or his opportunities, to expose and discourage this auti-Bcformatiou system. With it the reserve of the old provcib holds good, and Non rc;ir<;di e.si prorircdi ; every step they gain is pernraueut progi-css ; and therefore those who wish well to our reformed Church, those U'ho value the purity of our creeds and the simple magnificence of our ritual, will lend to these men neither hand nor coun tenance. But who arc to take the lead in the work ? There can be no doulit that the laity have a distinct right to look to the bishops to aeeure and to' preserve to them that which our fathers won for us in the Beformation. But what arc the Bishops and their Archdeaconal 'eyes' about? what is the use of siJcaking against practices if those who use and teach them arc on every occasion petted and preferred ? Who can feel any confidence in a certain southern Bishop, when he tells one of the most extreine of these men that he need not fear being interfcrrod with ? What is the \ise if the Bishop-Areluleacon of London calling the atten tion of his clergy to the confcssiomil, if he does not present the oil'enders to the Bishop ? . What is the Bishop of Oxford doing? Has he expressed his displeasure or even his surprise at the Bomish ccreuiouial of St. Barnabas? Has he oven taken any jiotice of it ? or does he sit aloft at Cuddesdon in the hope that such 'infinitely little things,' to use the confused language of Mr. Fhimptre, will right themselves ? It was from this very Chureh of St. Barnaljas that an English clergyman the other day went over to Borne, carrying with him, as the paper said, his ' I'lmrifer ; ' which perhaps may account for the absence of incense in the late ceremonial, iis r-eported in the paper which is before me. The Bishop of Oxford must have been perfectly aware that this funeral service might under the auepices of these men not improbably be ; and it is impossible that a word of warning from a Bishop, known to regard them with no uufavoui-able eye, might liave spared the Church this painful exhibition ; or at least it would have testified that the ehief pastor of the Church of the diocese of Oxford did not apjjrove of such proceedings, or recom mend them to the jjeoplc over whom the Holy Ghost had made him overseer. Was any such warning given before ? has anj' suci disapproval or regret been expressed since ? If not, it would be difficult to persuade people that silence does not give consent and approval. — Pp. 19, 22. Nor is it only in this open confession and triumph that wo find evidences of this untruth fulness. ihoro runs through it all. a tone of practical sophistry which rouses a feeling of painful indignation. Their arguments are so traiisparentli' shallow, that it would be doiii" injustice to their mental powei-s to suppose that they really believe that there is either cleiith or force 111 them, or that thej' are anything' else . but wliite, or perhaps whitey-browii iogical fi.bs. For . instance, they use a postscript to the fir.st book of Homilies to the effect that in the second part there will be "a sermon on the due recei ving of His blessed body and blood under the forms of bread and wine," as a conclusive supjiort of their position that the doctrine of the Ileal Presence in the elements is the doctrine of tlio Beformed Chureh of England, though no such homily was ever written ; and that which occupies the jilace thereof in the second book has the title. " Of the worthy recciviim of the Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ." In almost every part of their system can be detected traces of the spirit of the shullling schoolboy. Their subterfuges, such as wlicii they darken the ehanel and then light the candles on the "altar," on the pretence that they cannot see toj read the serNncc without them ; their evasion.?, such as when Mr. Mack- onochie pleads that he did not disobej' the injunctions against kneeling, because his knee did not actually touch the gi'ound ; or the man in the diocese of Durham, who solemnly iis'sured the Bishop that there was no cross on the tabic, the fact being that the night before he and his curate had detached the cross from the table, and screwed it into the wall so as to be a hair's breadth above the table. Their false pretences, as when they assign for the intr-oduc- tion of the conventual dress the necessity, of which I have spoken above, for something distinctive for those who are to go among the poorer jjopulatioii ; and when the identiny between the lloinish mm and the mediieval sister is jiressed home upon them, some slight difference in detail is pointed out, which enables them to deny without a verbal falsehood that it is ' an imitation of Home. 'The engrafting false pretences on true facts: the giving a reason plausible in itself to indulgence and even sympathj', which, nevertheless, is onli' an exoteric reason, to be thrown aside when the exoteric result has been secured. vSuch, for instaiiee, as the pleading the number of com municants as a reason for the frequencj' of Communion services, their real reason being to produce an assimilation to the Bomish masses. Their want of good faith, the absence of any sense of honour ; the keeping a promise openly in the letter, and breaking it secretly in the spirit, as where, having given a solemn pledge to a bishoj) that they would not take advantage of a mission to inculcate the practice of con fession, they kept their jjledge by saying nothing about it in their public services, but urging it and teaching it jn-ivately ; a proceeding in which, it may bo remembered, thc.y were checkmated in Wells by the watchfulluess .and firmness of the bishop. Their coming out under false colours, as when Bitualistic curates of the most advanced section preach sermons which Wesley might have jireachcd, in order to lull suspicion. All these shuflles, all these tricks of thought and sleights of language, repugnant .alike to Christian honesty and human honour, bear damning witness against them th.at they have adopted from the .Jesuits the most periii- ClUUO UL «lll. AllllllUl tbi. UltVAlllld) ullibu AO fair in jn-omoting the " Catholic" c.ausc. And when these evasions .are urged .against them, their disciples are taught to excuse them on the plea that the application of the law to their case made these evasions necessary. I myself heard this jileaded by a young hulj', who, before she fell into the hands of these teachers, was as guileless and honour.ablc as possible. Surelj' it is but reasonable .and wise, in cstinuiHiig the results of this school, to take into cousi Icr.ation this iierversio'n of the mor.al sense, than Y.-hicli no gre.ater evil, humanly spca,kiay .::ui be inflicted on a nation or an individu. It is reinark.able, too, how closely on this ji lat they are indcntified with the Jesuits. Mr. Capes has told us that among all his experiences of the .Bomish communion, nothing struck him or shocked him so much as the utter want of truthfiillncss or honesty. We should do well to recollect that this is the harvest of Avhich tliesc men .are sowing the seed. And it is fifty times worse, bcc.aiisc it is connected avith religion. It is b.ad enough avhen the moral sense of a man or .nation is thus demor.alised by the inllucncc of ave.alth, or luxury, or ambition, or pliilosoph.y, but it is tavonty times avorse avlien religion is thus made to do the Devil's avork, and to destroy th.at veiw grace avhich should bo .at once its fruit and its seed.-: 