English-- Mail The Ecclesiastical Conflicts on the Continent.— The Vati can assembly and its decrees, the declarations of the Syllabus, and the- dogma of Papal Infallibility are beginning to bear fruit. The Council swept away the constitution of the church, established an autocracy in its stead, and proclaimed war against modern civilisa tion with all its rights and liberties. Once more it is made manifest by the ultramontanism of the nineteenth century that what the Roman Curia claims is not religious liberty or equality, but a para mount and undivided ecclesiastical, or rather sacerdotal, supremacy. In the religious world, history does certainly repeat itself ; for what is this but a revival of the old struggle, which, during nearly six centuries, was the curse of Europe — the contest between the Papacy and the Empire? Four years ago, there was no State in Europe on better terms with the court of Rome than the Prussian monarchy. How is the sudden change to bitter and aggressive hostility to be ac counted for ? The fall of the temporal power, it is true, was one of the consequences of the war between France and Germany ; but Germany had no concern in that catastrophe, and the Italian Govern ment had shown no leaning to the German alliance during the war. The ' Old Catholics,' no doubt, were good German patriots, not ' Catholics first and then Germans ;' but their patriotism had nothing to do with their theology, and the new German Empire, so far as Prussia was concerned, had observed a strict neutrality towards Old Catholics and Ultramontanes. Prince Bismarck was perfectly accu rate in his assertion that the Vatican had wantonly and wilfully thrown down the gauntlet to the Prussian Government. The hostility of the Vatican was, it may be, aroused by an instinctive presentiment that the spirit of German nationality and German culture must sooner or later be embodied in Liberal institutions, and therefore that the German Empire was destined in the future, as in the past, to dispute the supremacy of the Vatican. .The Conflict with the Ultramontanes in Germany.— The Tvtnes Berlin correspondent supplied a translation of an oration ?which Prince Bismarck made in the Upper House on the present conflict between king and priest. He began by telling the con servatives that — ' This was no struggle against the Roman Catholic religion, no war between belief and disbelief ; it was merely a new phase of the old war between king and priest—a war which preceded the birth of our Saviour, and continued after the establishment of His church . It was the old antagonism which prevented Agamem non from embarking at Aulis, and cost him his daughter too ; the antagonism which occasioned the decomposition of the German Empire, and sent the last of the Hohenstaufens to a scaffold conjointly erected by the Pope and the Frenchman. Events scarcely less fatal than these might have recurred in our times, had Germany not been victorious in her recent struggles. Just before the Emperor of the French went to war with us, the Pope proclaimed the famous Vatican decrees ; and even further back, the Pope, who does not recognise the basis on which the Protestant royalty of Prussia is erected, was busy profiting by our humiliation at Olmutz (1852), and prepared to take advantage of any discomfiture we might sustain in 1866\. The Pope has always been a political power, and a most important wheel in the State machinery, of Europe. There may be an armistice, but there can be no peace as long as the pretensions of the holy see remain what they have always been. Of all powers in the world, Prussia has ever been the one that the Popes have most striven to injure and subject to themselves. Notwithstanding this manifest fact, when, in 1848, Prussia fancied herself weak, she made the most extensive concessions to the Catholic Church, hoping that the priests, who were accorded absolute freedom of action, would return the benefit by educating their congregations in loyal and conservative sentiments. The opposite had been the case ?from the very moment that Prussia determined to make the national cause of Germany her own, This is the only sin that can be alleged against' her. Ultramontane candidates were palmed upon districts which had formerly returned patriots ; a Polish national party was formed in Upper Silicia, where it had never before existed ; and, worst of all, programmes were issued by archbishops, intended to organise the Roman Catholics in Germany into a sort of second commonwealth — an imperiim in ivvperio, subject to the orders of more sovereigns than one. This is a perfectly unendurable situation, and to amend it we have introduced the Ecclesiastical Bills.' The correspondent remarks that such a speech will ' do more to endear' the Prince ' to the nation than even his political exploits.' Father HyAcinthe. — This remarkable man is evidently making a great impression, perhaps originating a great movement among the Roman Catholic population of Genoa. In the course of his second lecture he asked how a church worthy of the name could ignore society, the life of the State and of the family. Since when had the Christian church on earth thought it right to confine itself to minis trations in the sacristy or to seclusion in the cloister. Such work was great, doubtless ; it was sublime ; but it was but a part of its duty. Jesus Christ had said, ' Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded you.' The Christian church had formed men who had worked in the life of the State and in the family, and the church must concern itself in the dearest interest of its members. It has a sacrament for the child, for marriage, and for death. It teaches respect for magistrates and for liberty. And there are not two mora lities, but one, which embraces private life, as it does public life, and there could never be obtained a. church worthy of the name which would abdicate its right of establishing itself at the fireside and in the mart. Say they ignored the church, and the separation was complete. But a man still remained the head of his family ; yet if he held the church and all it represented as alien, how should he smooth the wrinkles of care upon his wife's forehead, or wipe the tears from her eyes, when the spiritual doubts that caused them belonged to a phase of feeling with which he had no sympathy ; and when his child came with eager, anxious inquiries into the secret of God and the universe, or sought an explanation of the mystery of life and death, which is in us and around us, the father could reply nothing 1 Or, if he answer, it would be to give the explanation as a legend, and not as a truth by which one can live and die. The child grows up sceptical, like his father, or superstitious, like his mother. And this is the practical meaning of separation of church from State. The bad, fanatic, superstitious church, the confessional— not the ancient, but the modern — which has perverted families, was culpable, but those among them who abdicated their rights as fathers of families were more culpable still. The father must be a citizen, be might be a magistrate, and as either he must interest himself in the religious question ; or if he ignored it and the Ultramontane intrigues which accompanied it, he would wake to know the result of this systematic separation of church and State. These three plans of campaign were then impotent, and only one remained, that of a reform of the Catho lic Church. They could not expel the church. Itwould remain in their houses, in the secrets of their homes ; it would have an eye everywhere. What to do, was to reform it not in spite of its members, but to aid liberally and generously such of them as felt the want of reformation. This was the only plan of campaign which could suc ceed. Even those who attempted it, and failed, would do a glorious and beneficial work, for though the seed might be for some time buried in the earth, it would blossom sooner or later. It was a work for them to undertake courageously, but to accomplish it they must bring faith, and they must say of it as M. Thiers said of the Republic — ' It must be conservative or it will not be all.' They were promised that if they had faith and said unto this mountain, ' Be thou removed into the sea,' it would go thither. Well, tnere was a mountain Detore them which stopped the march of humanity, and he who did not talk to them as a politician, who had lived in the cloister, and who' had only just entered family life, could feel that mountain as perhaps they had never felt it. There were in this mountain some stones detached from the Gospel, but mingled with it were old rock, debris, ruins of the old world, relics of paganism. Let them go !' The speaker finished his eloquent and impassioned address by praying that God might let the mountain be swallowed up in the abyss, while the great Catholic Church should flourish and spread its branches, in which the birds of the air should sing and the whole world find safety and peace from the storm. The newspaper, the Old Catlwlic, says that public sympathy with the movement represented by Father Hyacinthe is increasing. Many persons urge the organi sation of regular public worship before Easter. In the thirds lecture he remarked that he did not like either the term Old or New Catholic, for the church was always young and always old. If any prefix were to be used at all, he preferred the term Liberal Reformed ? The Protestant formula had been compared with the Catholic formula, thus :— According to the former, it was Christ who made Christians, and they who made the church ; accord ing to the latter, the church was first made, and then the Christians. He did not care much for these distinctions, neither for theses nor antitheses ; lie sought for some sort of synthesis which might ter minate vain discussions. But let them favour which formula they would, it was personal faith which made the church. .' . Yet when be saw two Christians forced to go to different houses to worship God, he could not but regard that difference as the fruit of sin, not theirs perhaps, but their fathers', among them glorious Protestants, and also members of the Catholic Church— those who rendered separation three centuries ago not only legitimate but necessary. Thus the true Catholic Church, regarded from within, was founded neither on the Pope nor on a book, but on Christ ; and though the Pope had proclaimed that union with Christ could only be accom plished through him, yet we could answer him as the representative of the Greek Church answered his Encyclical :— ' The unity wanted is not that of the clergy, but of the whole Christian people.' Regard ing the church from the outside, that is— looking at its body — what was it that constituted the unity of a true ohurch ? It was the union ' of 'the faithful under the ministry of their pastors, or, as they were called in Catholic language, priests and bishops. . . If, indeed, the priest could come between God and man, he should say we were not only not Christians, but that we had retrograded further than Israel, which had its direct communion with God, the priest being nothing more than his. delagate in the temple. Thus, then, there was nothing between the Christian and his God. . . M. Loyson, after contesting the claims of the Pope to be recognised as anything more than the first Patriarch, went on to attack the Infallibility dogma, and the absurdity both of its pretensions and the arguments by which they are supported. 'You ask me,' he continued, 'can a Catholic resist the Pope ? I say, he who does not resist the Pope cannot be Catholic.' The remainder of the sentence was broken by a thunder of applause, again and again renewed. The true definition of the church, then, was the community of all with all, in opposition to the Eoman definition of the term, the servitude of all under the dominion of one. It was not for them to abjure their Catholicism, but for the Papacy to abjure its faults, and become Catholic and Christian ; and, when Rome confessed her faults, Europe would be prompt to recognise her glories, but not till then. The lecturer con cluded with an elegant peroration, in which he contrasted the con duct of the representative of the Eoman theocracy with Him, the representative of real theocracy, the true reign of God on earth, who passed into the temple and drove forth from there the money changers, saying, ' Ye have made My Father's house a den of thieves.' The cheering at the close of the lecture was prolonged for some time after M. Loyson had passed from the platform. Pio Nono and the Catholics AT Gbneva. — Simultaneously with the visit of Father Hyacinthe to Geneva and the Mermillod expulsion, the Pope addressed the following letter, under date 10th March, to the Vicar-General and the priests of the Canton : — ' Dear Sons', health and the apostolic benediction — We are assuredly obliged to deplore the expulsion from your frontiers of the intrepid and inde fatigable pastor whom you gratefully received into the church of Geneva. Nevertheless we can but felicitate you on the fact that, although separated from him, you not only show him as much, or perhaps, more love and' respectful obedience, but you admirably reproduce his courage and firmness. Like gold, you have been tried by tribulation, but the trial has resulted in an advantage both to your faith and that of many others, to whom his firmness will become more manifest. Nor is it, we imagine, without a particular design of the Divine Providence, that a prelate taken from your midst, after having marvellously developed the benefits of the Catholic religion in the city, formerly the stronghold of heresy, has found by prefer ence an asylum in the town from whence, towards the end of last century, were spread and disseminated the seeds of the disastrous war which to-day torments the church, and which threatens to dissolve the1 bonds of civil society. In fact, although the judgments of God surpass our intelligence, and His ways are impenetrable, why should we not suppose that it is a part of His wisdom so to use the hostile manoeu vres of the Helvetic Council, that the town whence were dispersed among men the most pernicious germs of impiety may now be enlight ened with the torch of truth. However it may be, it is with plea sure that we see you full of ardour and intelligence to accept and bless the'designs of God, as well as to show yourselves the worthy disciples of him whose banishment you deplore. Kemain, therefore, firmly attached to him, and by him to the chair of St. Peter. With him defend valiantly the sacred rights of the church ; preserve and aug ment, according to your strength, the work he has undertaken and accomplished ; in this courageous labour confide in the Saviour, who will infallibly come and will not tarry. In the meantime we wish you His powerful aid and His celestial gifts ; and, as a presage of these favours, as a token also of our benevolence, we give to the very worthy Aricar Apostolic of your country, to you all, to the clergy and faithful people of the Canton of Geneva, the apostolic benedic tion with tender affection.' ' SiGNOR GAVAZZI ON THE ESCAPE OP HIMSELF AND CONGREGA TION. — An attempt on the life of Signor Gavazzi and his hearers was the occasion of a letter to a friend in Ireland, dated ' Pistoia, 5th April,' in which the Signor gives his own account of the occurrence, together with some interesting details on the furtherance of the gospel in Home. Of two things, especially, he says — ' I like to send you a little information for thankfulness to our Heavenly Master. The first is the miraculous escape we had from the dreadful* bomb shell thrown into our congregation from the Jesuitical rabble — the whole press side by us on this occasion, falling hardly on these clerical conspirators against our precious liberties, as you will perceive by the Ccvpitale which you will receive by this post-mail. Had the shell been better sealed, the slaughter would have been terrific, as the room was crowded to suffocation. God was more than visibly with us, and saved His humble and grateful servant and his crowd from a terrible end. I was able to calm my people, and not one left the room, and the lecture went on to its close with a double-fold enthusiasm. The perpetrators were immediately secured to justice — kme, a frantic student, devoted soul and body to the Vatican ; the two others are ex-ruffians of the Papal army. Their condemnation took place within three days ; but, owing to the fact that the student is the son of one of our judges (a Liberal man), the Attorney-General turned the tables in favour of the scoundrels, and pleaded only for a disturbance in a sacred place at a tolerated worship, thus obtaining the least penalty — namely, three months' imprisonment and three hundred francs fine. I am glad to say that this has brought a general disgust in our population, and even among the police force who,captured these sacred brigands, so that both the rascals and the tribunal have lost in public estimation more than even by the com bination of the crime. Owing to God our safety, I care very little of ?the protection granted to such agents by our Government, ? whose sympathies for the Papal cause are a mystery to none. If God is thus by-us, nobody shall prevail against us — many and. .many thanks to 1 Him. While the Pope's party are -trying by such means to silence the voice of the .gospel in their old Babylon, I had the inestimable . pleasure, and the unaffected glory, to open a third locale of our Free Church in the most prominent quarter of Eome, called Menti; ' There the people are the most enthusiastic and the most lofty in mind and heart among the Eomans. After many attempts to find a place, at last we got one very suitable for evangelisation and for schools. By the last of March I opened it, and continued there two days afterwards with suitable discourses on the solemn occasion. I must here say. ? in all truth that not only the three rooms were crowded to the utmost suffocation, but that the many hundreds who were unable to force their way in kept quiet and compact in the street to hear my voice from the open windows, less enthusiastic than those' inside. It was an event, and I have a fond hope that both the evangelisation and the schools shall obtain in the Menti such a development as nobody gets anywhere. My work in Eome is now over, being here only for a few days to prepare myself for another field, 'as they insist for my going as a deputy again to America, and if possible to visit also the May-meetings of the United Kingdom. I leave it to iriy Master. But, on looking back, I have to be full of thanks' to dear Jesus for his assistance and His presence along my multifarious labours. The pulpit, the school, the press have certainly occupied all my time, let me hope not entirely uselessly, and yet my health and strength continue unimpaired, and I feel as fresh and young as twenty years ago. When you consider this, and, moreover, the many clangers I wonderfully escaped, then you and my friends in your country will agree with me that through dear Jesus the hand of the Heavenly Father is on my head, and let it be there till my end in Jesus. Join, therefore, with me and my brethren in a full heart of praises to Him to whom only is the glory of our humble doings.' ?? ' Nonconformist Views on Prince Bismarck and the TJltba montanes. — At a recent conference of the Evangelical Continental Society (which among nonconformists occupies the place of the Foreign Aid Society), the Eev. S. M'All expressed regret that the Governments of the Continent, in their struggles against Ultramon tanism, were making a sacrifice of religious liberty. What right had any secular power to prohibit the doctrine of papal infallibility being taught ? ' Such an opinion should be met by argument, and not by law. It was one of the unhappy consequences of Cassar intruding into the dominion of Christ. If the legislation originated by Prince Bis marck was carried out, no one would be allowed to teach religion iri Germany who could not satisfy the authorities in reference to univer sity training, so that Jesus Christ must only operate through univer sities. It seemed to him a very serious question whether enlightened Protestants were not called upon to claim for Ultramontariism itself the rights of conscience. Professor Levi said the 'critical condition' arose from the change which had opened up Europe to the gospel. After other speeches, the Eev. J. H. Wilson proposed a resolution urging that a day should be set apart for. prayer for the Continent. He expressed the fear that the tyranny of Bismarck might prove as injurious to the spread of the gospel as the Ultramontanism against which his measures were directed. The new Dean of Manchester on Confession. — The High Church papers announce that the Dean of Manchester (who has always favoured high ritual) has been preaching a very distasteful sermon against Confession in the cathedral of that city. The Dean took for his text the words of the 23rd verse of the 20th chapter of St. John's Gospel — '.Beceive ye the Holy Ghost, whosesoever sins ye remit they are remitted unto them, and whosesoever sins ye retain they are retained.' In the course of his sermon Dean Cowie spoke as follows on the subjects of Confession and Absolution: — 'With respect to the more special and literal interpretation of the words of the commission — as investing priests with the power of absolution from sins, which may be privately administered — I think our Church has wisely restricted this in two cases — viz., persons who cannot quiet their own consciences before Holy Communion, and persons who are disturbed in mind on their deathbeds. In all cases, wisely as I think, the Church throws the burden on the priest of receiving those who seek for spiritual consolation. She nowhere exhorts the faithful to seek it. When few persons could read, and when there were no books to read, oral instruction in doctrine and penitential discipline was necessary. It was the only way of instructing those who could not receive the message in its broad and general terms ; but now it seems to me that the instruction given in carefully written books, which may be recommended for private reading and. study, is incomparably better than the spontaneous instruction given orally. Further, the leading men to rely on the conscience of another instead of their own makes them weak — morally and spiritually weak. The true, manly teaching is to lead man to be respon sible directly to God, to be conscious of His constant presence— 'Thou, God, seest me' — to live in intercourse with Him at all times by prayer, by teaching them the true meaning and efficacy of prayer, and to raise and ennoble their own souls through this consciousness ; for now in the Church of God the veil is withdrawn ; through Christ we all have free access to the Father, and it is the privilege of children of God and members of Christ that th'ey want no human mediator but Him alone, who is God as well as man. If any are unable to realise this, the church permits in special cases that personal assurance be given of God's forgiveness ; but she nowhere puts this as a burden on her children as the Eoman Church does. She wishes all to be directly taught of God, and to be able, through faith, to lay hold with firm and unfaltering assurances of the promises of God in Christ Jesus our Lord.' The Church Association Conference. — An important paper was read at a recent meeting by Mr. Bowker, a layman, on the follow ing question : — 'What additional effort can be suggested to counteract the unscriptural teaching which prevails in the Church of England, and to oppose the efforts by which several organised bodies are seeking to subvert the principles of the Protestant Beformation ?' Among' other practical suggestions, he offered the following : — ' We want lecturers to be greatly multiplied, and we ask our friends in the country to give the subject their consideration, in order that we may have their assistance in the matter. Let me now descend from our public efforts to our more private ones. You know all about the Eeformation classes and the way they are made use of in instructing our young men in the doctrines and false teaching of the Church of Borne. Why should we not have classes in our several parishes to instruct our young men and young women in the errors and doctrines of the Ritualists ? Why is it that we have no such efforts made everywhere ? I want to see in all our evangelical parishes and con gregations such classes formed without delay. I will give you an instance of ignorance which I think will enforce my remarks in a very powerful manner, better than anything I could say myself. A short time ago, a young man, through the interest of a private friend in London — a young man of earnest feelings, and with his heart given to God — was anxious to enter the ministry of our church'; and, having no means of his own, help was given to him by a private friend in order to send him to Cambridge. He heard that there was a society which would render some additional help ; and, as he wanted that additional help, he applied for it. In order that he might obtain it, it was necessary that he should undergo a short examination. When he got there' the examiner, instead of piittinghim under an examination as to his knowledge of the Greek and Latin languages, put him under an examination in reference to the Scriptures. The first question that he was asked was, ' Can you explain to me the great doctrine of justification by faith ?' He was utterly puzzled. He knew nothing of the 11th Article, and was utterly puzzle:! to give anything like an intelligible explanation of the doctrine of justifica tion by faith. Yet I knew him to be a thoroughly good young fellow — but surely he displayed a n amount of ignorance which must make us all tremble when we find our young men and young women in such a state. My next suggest ion is, then, that we should form classes in order to instruct them in the great Articles of our belief, such as the 11th and others, which in my opinion it is most important to press upon their attention. What a great blessing it would be if we could get every one of our young men and young women well acquainted with all the wonderful argument contained in the epistle to the Romans. Then, again, may we not also adopt the plan of having — I am going to use their word, but I do not want a mere word to have any force — the principle adopted by our opponents, of forming men and women into guilds and sisterhoods ? I am not at all afraid of the name, and I think it would have been long before these men would have come forward to oppose the truths of our church, if we had had such associations in connection with the church of God generally. Cannot we multiply such agencies ? Can we not multiply them in towns where they are likely to be successful, and in villages and smaller congregations get these young men together for associa tion, not only for instruction but for active work, so that they make useof them by giving a direction to their energies, which will make them serviceable in the cause of God ? The next point I want to bring before you is in connection with a practice adopted by these men — I mean their retreats. You know what those retreats are. At present they are entirely for the clergy of our Ritualistic opponents. I say that if this is good — and a good many of the clergy of the Evangelical body think that it is good, for I have talked to a great many of them during the last three or four years, that we have had so much to do in getting our friends to go to church congresses — if it is good, there is much in favour of our adopting something of the same sort. But I have been asked this question — ' If it is good for the clergy, it must be good for the laity. If it is good for the leader and head of the congregation, it must be good for the whole of the con gregation.' According to ray judgment, it is a good thing ; and I want to bring before you a thought or two respecting it. I want to ask whether it will not be possible in all our Evangelical congregations to organise something of this kind once a year, and to do it very much on this principle — to get all our friends, all the people of the congre gation, all the communicants and godly people of the congregation, to give up their usual visiting, their usual recreation, and to set apart a certain season — say, a week — in order that it might be spent in communion with God, in communion with each other, with time for the study of God's Word. Then, again, they might have the Lord's Supper in the church, and all these things might take place at the same period of the year. In that way we should have the means of bringing about a great revival among ourselves of real godliness in the land, and we should prepare the way for evangelistic efforts of a more extended kind. If this were done at one period of the year, let me suggest some autumnal week after the harvest is over, when the business of the countiy is more quiet, and very little in the way of occupation is going on. Then the minister might be assured that great blessings would result from it. In the next place, notice might be given that a mission week — a week in the spring — would be devoted to mission services, in order to get help to preach the gospel to those who are unconverted. I am not afraid of these mission services, and I remember that at Leeds, last year, some of our Ritualistic friends threw cold water upon them. My dear friends, we have no reason to be alarmed about mission services. If the work of God be carried on in these mission servies in the way in which it would be if some of the clergymen and laymen I now see before me had to do with it — if it were carried on with all that simplicity and earnestness which you know the power of — I know that the people who have been hitherto induced for the most part to go over to Ritualism would learn something more precious— a closer knowledge of Christ. The power of Christ's name would be so precious to them, and that living personal intercourse, which, as you know, is the result of every true conversion when any man is brought from darkness into light, and the power of Satan unto God. We ought not to be afraid of mission services, nor on the other hand ought we to make them common ; but resorting to them at certain intervals would be likely, I think, to bring about, with much prayer, the blessing of God. I have only to suggest two things further. One is in regard to the ministrations of the clergy among their congregations. A practice exists in Scotland that, when a min;ster goes to visit any family, he should give notice in order that all the family may be assembled, so that he may make his visit a real pastoral visit. This, to some little extent, has been done in England ; but why cannot we adopt such a wholesome plan more extensively ? I believe it would be the means of preventing many persons from going over to Ritualism, and becoming tainted with falsehood ; but let it be known by your congregations, and by your teaching in the pulpit, that you propose to adopt this plan, and when you go to visit, ask them to assemble all their household, and then give them an exposition of the Word of God, followed by prayer. Finally, I have a suggestion which I have offered elsewhere in the country, respecting our young men who are in preparation for the ministry. We are losing them very largely. If they are not absolutely tainted with the principles of Ritualism and Popery, they are at all events somewhat alienated from us. We should look very closely into the matter. A young man coming in to give his heart to God is very warm and tender. He thinks very much of the kindly patronage of those who are older, of those more advanced in life, and of those who occupy positions of more dignity and more importance than themselves. 'Are we giving to these young men that kind of encouragement which we ought to give, or is it not rather the cold finger or a sort of 'how d'ye do?' and passing them by without encouragement at all? I ask you if you cannot do something more to win and keep our young men, and whether some of your godly clergymen here to-day, men of dignity in the church, and men of age and experience, cannot do something in your several spheres to prepare these young men for the ministry. Our universities and schools arc becoming more and naore simply places of secular instruc tion, and we want our young men so to be brought under spiritual instruction and training that they will become well-informed as to all the doctrines of the. gospel, and be able to explain them and enforce them. Let me suggest whether something should not be done to establish schools of the prophets like those schools of the prophets of old. Let men such as I see sitting on my right hand, occupying high positions in our largest towns, gather around them in their own parishes some of these young men from the universities, in order that they might gain some instruction in parochial work, and in the great docrines of the gospel. I think it is of primary import ance so to instruct them, that when they go into the parishes aB curates they maybe well armed and prepared to do the work God has called them to.' Bishop Crowther on Mission 'work in the Niger Territory. — In the course of an interesting speech at the Exeter Church Missionary Meeting, presided over by Dean Boyd, the venerable black bishop brought out some of the special features of his work : — ' Last year when he (the Bishop) went to Abbeokuta he was received by a deputation of Christians, and he was almost melted to tears when, on entering the gate of the town, he found the school children drawn up singing a song of welcome and praising God that He had allowed them so to meet again. The opposition of some of the old native chiefs was not so much to Christianity, but to any one who was in any way connected with this country, which was inter fering to prevent their slave trade. When he met a deputation from these chiefs they admitted that they had no complaint against the missionaries; and on his asking why, then, did they molest the missionaries, destroy the churches, and persecute the converts, the deputation could not give him a single reason. And now, where three churches had been pulled down by them in Abbeokuta five had been built, and new churches were springing up all about. And such was the amount of work done here that the European travellers who . were with him could hardly believe that they were in Central Africa when they saw these churches. Nine years ago, just after his conse cration, some friends established a fund, from which he was em powered to draw without waiting for a grant from the Church Missionary Society. Some time after the King of Bonny wrote to the Archbishop asking for a missionary. The application was referred to himself, and he waited upon the King, who said he had seen what Christianity had done for England, and he and his own people wished to have something better to worship than their own idols.' The Dean said he thought the Bishop had fully made out his case, and had shown that which some might have doubted before — the capacity of the African mind. He had also shown in him self what a zealous, loyal-hearted, earnest soldier of Christ Jesus Africa could produce. The Irish Church Synod— Lit cjrgical Revision.— The third session of the General Synod was expected to last for six or eight weeks. Liturgical Revision was likely to be the main subject of the session. The committee, which sat during the winter, brought out an elaborate series of resolutions, in the form of recommendations to the synod, affecting the ordinal, baptismal, and communion services. After the resolutions were put into shape for printing, the committee resolved to allow of special protests being entered against one or more of them, to which any member or members might object ; and the Lord Primate, and the Bishops of Derry, Limerick, Meath, and-Killaloe have declared their strong dissent from a variety of propositions on which the committee had laid stress. The Late Professor Sedgwick. — At an important meeting of the university friends of the late Professor Sedgwick, in the senate house, under the presidency of the Duke of Devonshire, it was decided to raise within the university, of which he was so distinguished an ornament, a tribute to his memory. Resolutions were passed that a geological museum be erected, to be called the Sedgwick Museum, and that a bust of the professor be placed in it. A Cambridge and a London committee were appointed, and several speeches were made. The Prince of Wales wrote that the object of the meeting would have his warm support, from the feeling of respect he enterained for the late professor. Mission Weeks. — A mission was held in the parish of Stoke, which is part of the important town of Guildford. Much prayer had been made by a band of praying people for a blessing, and the answer far exceeded all their expectations. Not only did crowds attend the services, but the number of those who were impressed was very large. After each service a great many remained behind to speak with the mission clergyman, and others came to him at certain hours in the day. There appeared to be a great impression, as well as a great awakening. Time only will prove the reality of the profession of those who are now rejoicing in having found peace in Christ. Three services were held each day, and one remarkable service was held on the last evening of the mission, when the church was filled with men, who listened with rapt attention to the sermon, many of them remaining afterwards for private prayer, and conversation with the preacher. The mission was conducted by the Eev. S. C. Morgan, Vicar of Christ Church, Greenwich. A Fruit of the Day of Intercession. — The parishioners of the Close at Salisbury are about to educate a young man as a missionary at their own expense. This step originated in a suggestion made by the Bishop, and is intended as a practical memorial of the Day of ?Prayer for Foreign Missions at the close of last year. The ' Henry Venn Native Church Fund.' — The Church Missionary Society have published a statement in reference to plans and measures for raising a fund under the above title as a memorial of the late Mr. Venn. Colonial Ordination. — The Archbishop of Canterbury is said to have under his consideration a Bill to regulate the orders conferred ?by colonial bishops. May Meetings. — These meetings have lost none of their interest. This year the attendance has been good, and the interest of the various addresses quite up to the average. The recent call to united . prayer was frequently referred to, and without doubt exercised a hallowing influence over the proceedings of the several meetings. This, in itself, was an omen for good. Church Missionary Society. — The seventy-fourth anniversary of this great society was extremely well attended. The total income shows an advance of more than £6000 on the preceding year, having reached the large amount of £156,440. The report thus concludes : — 'The year now closed has brought renewed evidence that the power of the Holy Ghost still accompanies the society's labours. If amongst the three chief sections of heathendom (Mohammedans, Hindus, Buddhists) there have been no mass movements towards the faith, yet sufficient practical proof has been given by striking instances of individual conversion, and by an evidently increasing spirit of inquiry, that there is nothing even in these systems which the gospel cannot meet and overcome. In other divisions of the pagan world the progress of God's truth has been more rapid. The slaves in Travan core, the village serfs in the»Telugu districts, and the Red Indians of North- West America are joining themselves to the church in large bodies, and are becoming Christian communities. The native churches again exhibit, like their elder sisters, signs of human weakness and of the power of the adversary, yet contain within them many true followers of the Lamb, and may be said to be walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost. The committee point with thankfulness to the revival in New Zealand, the strength* shown by Abeokuta Christians when bereft of European help, the steady advance of self-support in South India, Ceylon, and North West America, and also to the fact that since last September four teen native Christians connected with the society have been admitted to the ministry of the gospel. Turning to events of a more secular character, two marked providential encouragements may be mentioned — the opening up of Japan as a mission field, and the large opportunities likely soon to be afforded on the coast of East Africa. In Japan especially the call is loud and undeniable. As proofs, the committee need but mention — the intelligence of the people — their eager desire for European civilisation — the breaking down of their ancient religious systems — the prospect (if not the actual establish ment) of complete religious toleration — the large number of inquirers asking for Christian instruction — and the uncertainy, at the same time, how long the present opportunity may last. The Lord of the harvest is thus calling for enlarged effort ; and it has also pleased Him, in gracious answer to prayer, to incline several of His younger servants to offer for this work their own personal services. But it is just at this juncture that the committee find themselves tied fast by the want of pecuniary resources. Should no favourable change arise, they may even be compelled to retain for a while in England some of the younger brethren shortly about to be ordained. The commit tee would venture to ask whether it does not seem almost a mockery that the Church of!' England should pray for men, and then fail to furnish what is needed for sending them out. They acknowledge with thankfulness to God and man the munificent donation lately received, as well as the noble effort made by the supporters of the society more generally in its various associations, that has so largely increased that branch of the annual income. But what is the sum of £155,000, even allowing for all thatmay be done by sister societies, com pared with the immense and growing wealth of the National Church ?' The Earl of Chichester referred from the chair in feeling terms to the late Eev. Henry Venn : — ' I was not only in constant intercourse ? with Mr. Venn in Salisbury-square, but we kept up a very frequent correspondence. I was very frequently an inmate of his house. It was my happiness to meet there many of the best of our missionaries and of the ablest and best of our friends here, and in the free con versation and delightful intercourse that passed between us under the able and genial presidency of our venerable friend there was always much to learn, much to encourage us in every Christian work and. labour of love, and much to admire and venerate in the bright example of our beloved friend. (Hear, hear.) On these occasions nothing struck me more than these two points — first, the loyalty of his attachment to his Master's cause. Never was there in any man such a sincerity of long-continued effort to promote the cause of Christ and' the preaching of His name throughout the world. (Hear, hear.) The other point that I noticed was the wonderful amount of knowledge he had acquired, and the wonderful industry with which, even after his health was sadly shattered, he endeavoured to acquire more and more, especially about missionary work. His knowledge was of an advanced character. Although the cause of Christ, especially that portion of it which consists in the work of foreign missions, was the subject dearest to his heart, and to Avhich he devoted the largest amount of his labour and attention, yet upon many other subjects he was not only a very extensive reader, but a very close thinker ; and on every subject he took up he formed, in my opinion at least, the most sound and .practical judgment of any man I ever had intercourse with. God grant, my dear Mends, that we may all of us endeavour to learn something from such an example.' The Archbishop of York followed on the same topic : — ' My Lord, it seems almost an imperti nence in me, after the admirable tone of the remarks that have just fallen from you, to allude to the Eev. Henry Venn. I have no such claim as you possess. I was not his intimate friend. I had never the opportunity of becoming so. I have come in contact with him in the course of duty, and it is from that point of view that I venture now to say a few words. Now, the Eev. Henry Venn was no common man. He was a man who in any position would have been valuable and eminent, but he was marked from the first by the piety of the father who brought him up for the service of the Lord, and he gave all the great powers of his mind, and all the powers of an, so to speak, indomitable will to the service of God in the field of missions. There is somewhere in this record a remark that his father made which I should like to read to you. 'I had much rather see dear Henry,' he says, 'see him a faithful preacher of Christ, be full of love for Him, and always speak ing for Him, than I would see him have the highest preferment that this kingdom could give him.' Let those who are fathers see how much fruit the early training of a father can give. Let them see from this account in the Missionary Intelligencer how the strongest nature can be subdued, and what great points good training can produce. But it was on that account that I read it to you, because it seems to me that both his father's wishes were fulfilled in him. He was a faithful minister of Christ from the first to the last, not exhibited merely in the exuberant energy of health and strength which he ^ threw into a good work, but in suffering and sickness he bore manfully the load that the Lord laid upon him ; and when disciples, perhaps with a less firm spirit, would have ceased from their labours or retired from them altogether, he continued with his strong hand at the plough, and looked not back when he had bodily strength to go through the day's toil. That was the kind of servant of God that you lost in Henry Venn. I say that both desires were attained. He had attained, to my mind, the highest preferment that the world could give. He was not made a bishop, but he had the care over and the love of 300 teachers in different parts of the world, and was he not, then, doing the work of a bishop ? He had not an influential and commanding position ; but to him ministers of Christ employed among the heathen looked up for comfort and counsel, and into his arms they flew when they returned for a time from their field of labour, and in him they ever found a wise counsellor and a sympathetic friend. I say that his faithfulness as a minister conducted him to the place of all places ' that was suited for him, and among the men of this generation there is no man, be his name well known or less known, who has done greater work for the church of God than the Eev. Henry Venn. And I know that the first to echo what I am about to say would be the office-bearers of this society. It has often happened to me to inquire why it was that there was a certain air of heartiness about all that the Church Missionary Society did, a certain warmth of apprehen sion and sympathy which at this moment we have a very good example of. I could find examples in any provincial town. There was always a certain warmth and love towards the parent society, which made it easier to collect a Church Missionary Meeting, and to keep it alive and warm, than it was to collect a meeting of other societies. And I came to this conclusion from what I heard, that a very great part of this was due to one man, and that that man was Mr. Venn. The rule in the office in Salisbury- square was not a red-tape rule. He had a great deal of official business to do ; but when any missionary came back from his work, and came to Eev. Henry Venn, he immediately found himself, possibly to his surprise, in the presence of one who had a special sympathy in his work, who felt a special sympathy in his particular work. Wherever the missionary might have come from, he would be asked, -' What have you been doing, and how have you been faring ?' and he had so many interests and so large a brain of his own, that he could meet a man on many different points. He was so well informed on all that was going on, as well as love for mission work, that the missionary often found in him a friend and a brother ; and he never lost sight of his official secretary, till he went on his way to his work, and then he was followed by friendly good wishes, and he felt that he had left behind him not a mere official, but a Christian friend and counsellor. I do not believe, that, in taking the good man to himself, after years of suffering, God has inflicted any very great blow on this society. Take a little of it upon your- ; selves. You cannot be a Henry Venn, but you can do a little more Eor the Church Missionary Society. We live upon the love, upon the 3ympathy, upon the prayers of all the members of this vast society. Gtive us a little more love, and prayer, and sympathy, and all will yet oe well. I have great pleasure in moving this resolution, and in 3aying, in addition, that year by year, my own confidence in every respect in this great society goes on increasing, and that I hope that ihe blessing of God will be upon it during the year that is to come.' irchdeacon Prest made an admirable address on the principles of ;he society, concluding in these terms : — ' There is One who, as He mows all, so He rules all. ' The heart of a king is in God's right land ;' and thus prayer to Him becomes the necessary and yet even the nost welcome resource. Faith prompts to prayer, faith pleads the lure word of promise, faith nerves the worker, and faith discerns the mswer to prayer, and is not staggered whether it receive an early md a wholly unimagined blessing, or whether delay be decreed, and ;he present answer be, ' Hold thou still in the Lord, and abide )atiently upon Him.' Indeed it was a grand and moving spectacle ; he; best hearts of England prostrate in fervent supplication for a pecial and much needed blessing ! Yet it was only, my Lord, the firding on of our armour, armour which must never be laid aside till Ic come whose right it is to rule over all nations. Prayer must be he work, nay the pleasure and the privilege, not merely of a special [ay, but of every day. And when men taunt us with serving God or naught — when they ask us, ' Where is the promise of His oming V — we are not, indeed, without the proofs that the Lord ath heard our petition, and, therefore, that the Lord will hear ur prayer. But we answer confidently. When it has pleased God that some huge frowning cliff shall fall, it is not commonl; His will or His way to command the earthquake to rend and shatter it. No ! He sends against it His mighty waters ; yet they come in insignificant waves, ceaseless waves, unwearied waves, waves which still advance though thousands have been before them and have spent their strength apparently for naught, but waves which conquer. The tall crag totters and falls, and the waves leap and play over the prostrate hindrance. You cannot ascribe to the last wave the undivided honours of that overthrow. No I Bach one that broke against it, and yet fell back as though defeated, has a share in the ultimate result. And in the crowning day of triumph, when the huge and frowning obstacles of idolalry and false religion fall, it will be felt, and it will be acknowledged, that every generation of the faithful soldiers of the cross, and amongst them, let us pray, not least our own, has done something not utterly inappropriate towards the victory, which, if God be true, must crown the warfare of Christ, and of His Church. ??? ' . 'God counts not hours with thee, No sun meets out for Him a daily round, His time's eternity : Death is no mark for Him, the grave no bound : Ages His moments are, A thousand years are nothing1 in His gaze ; Thy seed is in His care, And thou shalt find it after many days.' ' [The ven. archdeacon's speech was repeatedly interrupted by applause.} The. Bev. E. Sargent (missionary from Tinnevelly) : — 'Standing as I. do in this hall for the first time in my life, and speaking on behalf of this great society, I confess to feeling very deep emotion. After a lengthened period abroad in the service of our great Master, I returned a few months ago to England, and one of my first acts was to stand in St. Paul's Cathedral on the spot where I was ordained as a minister many years ago. Standing here now surrounded by the representatives and supporters of this great society reminds me forcibly of the fact that I am myself a child of the Church Mission ary Society ; for when left an orphan in India, God as it were took ? me by the hand and gave me to a missionary of your society, under whose example and teaching I learned first to admire and love this work, and finally to give myself to it. Every book I touched bore the initials of the Church Missionary Society, and every study in which I engaged had the mental and moral photograph of those golden letters upon it, the effect produced upon me being such that I think I might say with the old French soldier of the first Empire, when the surgeon was probing his chest for the bullet, ' Go deeper and you will find the Emperor,' for in my heart of hearts is engraven the .Church Missionary Society. (Cheers.) When I first went to the station to which I was appointed in Southern India, the then Metropolitan of India, the good and great Daniel Wilson, paid a visit to the missionaries, my station being the last he visited. All the missionaries of the district were there to meet him, and as many native Christians as could be invited, and, the church being too small, the people put up a large shed, in which the Bishop addressed about 1800 native Christians. He had asked me which would be the best subject to create an interest in the native mind— the miracles of our Lord, or his parables. I said a parable would be best, and, having adopted this suggestion, he told me after wards that what he had observed had gratified him exceedingly, and that, he had thought that in the glorious theme I had, if my heart was only in the work, what great things I might do. That remark has echoed in my heart ever since, and that theme has been from then, till now the making known of Christ and Him crucified. Speaking as a missionary from. India, I am addressing you in the interests of 240,000,000 of people, of whom the greater part are under the government and rule of this country, and all of them under its protection and influence. Far be it from me to ignore what has been and is being done in other societies; but as belonging to the Church Missionary Society, I have to show you what God has. done by her means. The Propagation Society have done much, but with regard to the Church Missionary Society there are in the Madras Presidency 60,000 natives in connection with that institution; and when the good Bishop of Madras was there last, I. sat down with forty-eight native missionaries ordained in the church, thirty- five of whom belonged to the Church Missionary Society, and the remainder to the Propagation Society. We have the Gospel taught among 700 villages, and of these the natives of 120 altogether profess the Christian faith. In the place where I am stationed, we have four native pastors and five or six catechists, all supported out of the Native Church Fund. When I was coming away not long ago these good friends met together and forced on me 600 rupees, and when you know the close-fistedness of the Hindoo people you -will fully appreciate the motive by which they were guided in doing this. In the first station where I was placed there;: was a lad who could read the Bible very nicely, and:, who always displayed an admirable acquaintance with that. book. He became very ill, and when, I went to see him there was a bible near his pillow. I read some verses to him, and prayed with him, and afterwards, while I was at my church, the father came and informed me that it was all over with his little boy. He said, 'He looked up into my face, and said, 'Father, I am going to Tiny home,' and I. said, 'You are at. home here; here are your mother. and sisters; what do you mean?' The boy replied, -?' I am going to my home, father, in the kingdom of heaven ;' and then he said,. M Turn me, turn me,' and as I was turning him he died.' I told him that his son still lived, and he said, ' Yes, sir, I understand it now, but I did not at the time. While he was ill I thought that if he were spared I would give a sum of money to the church, but as I now believe he is living a better and a happier life than he could have hoped for here, I will give not only what I said to the church, but double the amount.' I repeated this statement at a meeting the other day, and the next morning I saw in the churchyard this inscription over the tomb of the Rector's son, - ' I am going to my home,' were the last words he uttered.'' The annual- sermon, at St. Bride's, Fleet-street, was by Bishop Eyan, ? '*' ; , .-'?;??? .''V .?'''?? ':?.??'? :'-.' '??'??' '.;?-.. i-::-'.'-:'. ? ' .'.???? ...,;i- .???? ? ?''.'. 'ilcffr '??'?' ?[?' ''::?:?'??? In an able discourse on the necessity of prayer for more labourers in the mission field he pointed out the great value of the Day of Inter cession in December, as giving a national sanction to the principle of intercessional prayer for missions. Prayer should, he said, be fol lowed by work, and would thus become a power, and he insisted that if we would have the primitive success in missions we must have primitive simplicity in the clergy, illustrating from that storehouse of missionary teaching — the Acts of the Apostles — the method in which the early church relied on the Word of God rather than on what we should denominate missionary agency. Having insisted on the great importance of a native ministry, the Bishop said that men must be prepared to hazard their lives as had Henry Martyn, Eeginald Heber, and John Patteson. [ Want of sjjace compels us to hold over the reports of other anni versaries till next issue.2 