SELECTED POETRY. THE TROOPER'S DEFENCE. Do I plead gailtv to it ? Yea, I do ; For I have never lied, and shall not now ; But Kive me a dog's leave -o say a word Touching what happened, and the why and bow. The nMit-cnard went their rounds thatuigkt atone ; My post was in the lower dungeon range, Down level with the moat, all slime and ooze And damp; but there, 'tis fit we change and chauge, . We sentinels. Besides, 'twas in a sort The place of honour, or of trust, we'll say; For in the cell there with the mortised door The young boy-lord, guilty of treason, lay. Well with my partisan I'd tramped an hour Down in the dark there— just a lantern hang By the wet wall— when close at uaud 1 heard 'My own name spoken by a woman's tongue. Mv hair was like to lift my morion up, For the keep's haunted; but I tamed, to see A woman like a ghost — face white, all white Ready to drop, and not a yard from me. How she had ccmc there, God In heaven knows. However, long before my ton sue I'd found, She tore out of her hair the white pearls, big As pigeon's eggs, then dropt upon the grouna. ' One word !' Sue said, ' only word with him; He dies to-mormw ! See! my pearls I give — My bracelets, too !'— she slipt them from her arms— 'One word, and I will bless you while I live !' ' Your face is stern. O but one word— one word !' With my big hand I set her on her feet; But she clung to me— would not be thrust off, Still pleading in a bird's voice, soft and sweet. ' Only one word with him !' that was her plea ; One word ; he would be dead nt break of day ! She wept till all her pretty face was wet, And my heart melted— yea, she had her way. Tliey spake together. Did I bear? Not I ; Best ask me if I took her bribes. Well, there You know the rest— know how yon Judas— spy, Yon starveling cur, crawled down the winding stair. And how he canghr the bird fast in the cage, And made report of me with eager breath For breach of duty. Right ; it was a breach. And that means, in our soldier-fashion, death . Well, I can face il : ouly give me leave To slit the weasand of yon craven hound, Yon Judas'ppy there, and I'd fall content, Aye, as I'd fall to sleep upon the ground. W. Sawyer. 