HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICE. The following Proper Psalms, Lessons, and Special Collect from the Greek ' Euchologium, ' have been submitted to the Bishop, and approved by him, for use at a Harvest Thanksgiving Service, until a special form can be prepared : — Morning Service. — Proper Psalms, 23, 65, 145 ; 1st Lessonj Deut. xvi. 1-18 ; 2nd Lesson, S. Matt. xiii. 24-44. Evening Service.— Proper Psalms, 104, 134, or 85, 92, 144 ; 1st Lesson, Genesis viii. ; 2nd .Lesson, u-aiatians vi., or itev. xiv. Special Collect. — ' 0 Lord, our God, the fountain of all goodness, who through Thy loving kindness and tender mercies hast caused the earth to bring forth her fruit : Bless, we beseech Thee, the harvest which we have now gathered in, and increase and multiply to us the produce of the ground. Guard us Thy servants from all tempta tion, and enlighten us with the knowledge of Thy truth, that we may do those things which are pleasing in Thy sight, and finally may be made partakers of Thy heavenly treasure, through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost be all honour and glory, world without end. Amen.' Christian Union in Dealing with Prevailing Eeeoes and Sins. — Ecclesiastical systems may, in the course of God's providence, fail, decay, and pass away, but the truth of the everlasting gospel is as imperishable as its author. That truth will abide for ever ; that truth alone it is which ennobles, and makes free, and enriches him who possesses it ; and having tasted the preciousness . of that, truth for ourselves, and learned to look up to Christ as our one High Priest, Mediator, Advocate, and Intercessor, by every motive of fidelity to our Master and of love to perishing souls, we are impelled to unite for the one purpose of sowing broadcast the seed of evangelical truth. And I think there are circumstances in the present day which ought to make us more ready to sink minor differences, to approximate more closely to each other, and to unite with a greater force of Chris tian love one towards another in such a hallowed work as this. We stand front to front in this country with a vast amount of ignorance, . vice, and immorality on the one hand, and of superstition and infi delity on the other. I am well persuaded that if the ignorance, vice, and immorality are to be over-mastered, if we are to succeed in stem- ? ming the onward tide of vice and immorality, infidelity, and super stition, it will not be by different members of Christ's visible church standing aloof from one another. We must see if there is not some common centre to which we can turn, if there is not some common ground, upon which we can all unite, if we cannot concentrate our energies on the one purpose, of contending against the enemies of God and His truth. And- it is not the least among the many reasons which make me feel it a privilege to belong to the Religious Tract Society that it presents a common platform upon which, without any sacrifice of principle whatsoever, all who value and love the saving truth of the gospel may unite to maintain that ? truth, and help its onward progress throughout the world. The popular literature of the present day is very largely impregnated with scepticism and immo rality, and with statements which tend to undermine, in the minds of those who do not reflect, belief in the truth of God's inspired Word. Moreover, a vast impulse has been given of late to the cause of educa tion, and I believe we may reasonably anticipate that at no' distant period we shall find scarcely any one in this country who is not able to read. Along with the power of reading there will necessarily come an increased appetite for reading, and if we do not supply that appetite with wholesome food, the inevitable result will be that it will be met with the poisonous literature which unhappily prevails to so great an extent at the present time. Now here it is that -this society performs a most important work ; and not only by the sub stantial truth contained in its publications, but, let me add, by the attractive garb in which those publications appear, it does a/great . deal towards supplying the appetite which exists for a healthy and wholesome literature. — Speech of Bishop of Ripon. . . ' ... 