THE Darling Downs Gazette. TOOWOOMBA, SEPTEMBER 3, 1873. SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. Ijr oar last Summary we mentioned that Parlia ment bad been prornguen to August 5tli, with, the view to an early dissolution. On the day men tioned, however, it was. discovered that the silken strings witU which it is the intention of the Premier to guide the elections were still in the hands of the Executive wsavers, and that he had therefore determined upon again putting off faia visit to ' the country.' Accordingly the 'House' was farther prorogued to the 16th September, when it is only reasonable to suppose that mutters will have ap proached that state of perfection which shall juBtif y . the Premier in proceeding to . a dissolution. The elections cannot therefore commence uutil about the second week in October, nor close before the middle of November, whereby, the reformed House will just have the opportunity of engaging in a set-to over the Estimates for 187* Wore it adjourns for the Christmas holidays. Of the result of the elec tions it is difficult to speak with confidence at the present moment, owing to the apathy— unaccount- able apathy— which for some time past has been exhibited by the ' old Opposition.' Great things have been 'spoken of' in connection with the new Bill which will govern the elections, aud great good is expected to flow from the introduction of man hood suffrage and the extermination of bribery and corruption. Our opinions, however, are not favor able to an early realisation of the bright hopes en tertained by the friends and supjiorters of the ' Bill.' 'Nor do we believe that a very large num ber of persons have been enfranchised through the influence of its provisions. . This position is sustained bythe fact that only 18,703 names appear in the Electoral Rolls of Queensland, while the population is estimated at 140,000. This apparent falling off is attributed to the cumbrous character of the Act, and the ' difficult nature ' of many of its provi sions. In the first place, a candidate for electoral privileges is compelled to sign before n magistrate a declaration and form setting forth his qualification ; and again, he is compelled to apply personally for a ticket or right, which, upon due identification of the applicant, is signed aud countersigned in the presence of the Clerk of Petty Sessions, and pro duced by the voter on the day of election in rapport of his application for permission to record his vote in favor of this or that candidate, .as tlic case may be. Tlio emharassment or trouble arising from these conditions would have liecn lightly esteemed in the 'old time,' but now that political power it thrown at the feet of the adult male population of the colony, We find that on alarming proportion manifest a derided disinvb'nation to avail themselves of its advantages. They care not apparently Bo much for the abolition of orf mlorem duties, the improvement of the land laws, and the appointment of an additional or third judge, as they do for a good harvest, plenty of work, add high wages. With these latter they have been well provided of late, and therefore are they 'content' and careless about politics. We happen to be acquainted with the particulars «f a ' case in point.' A large num ber of men arc employed at an establishment which is situated about three or four miles from the resi dence of one of the gentlemen who has been charged liy the Government with the distribution of these ' right's.' Most of them possess a liorse, saddle, nud bridle, nnd have ample opportunity of running over for their ' rights ' during their half holiday on Saturday afternoons,, hut yet is their spirit so lukewarm and tamo, that their employer actually suggested to the magistrate the propriety of visiting the men in their lints, and thus to force upon them this dainty red-herriiin of politics. He declined, we think wisely, to follow up the suggestion, . and the probable consequences are that in the event nf ouc or more of these free and independent burgesses being lefoeed the privilege of t)ie franeliiwe at the approaching elections, a wail of bitter lamentation will go up from tbe altar of lilwrty, and this un accommodating magistrate vill be denounced in tavom and ball for the bimple reason that he refused to hawk or ;«vW/c the riqht of citizenship. With regard to the electorates of the Darling Downs it is pretty certain that Mr Groom will lie returned withont opposition for the district of Toowoomba and Drayton, Mr Win. Rent, of Eueton, having de clined to enter the arena nf politics. The name of Mr F. T. Gregory has been mentioned in connection with this electorate, but we do not consider his chance a good one, nor .do we for one moment be lieve that he will go to the poll. Tor the electorate of Aubigny there are Messrs Pechey, Davenport, ond 'a dark fawner,' who is expected to take the position by surprise ' at tho very last moment.' Mr Primj is the favorite for Carnarvon ; Mcners Clark and Thornton are 'out' at Warwick, mid the Hon. Joshua Peter Bell is considered B.ife at D&lby.; U) the other electorates matters are quiet, the inhabitants generally being engaged in more profitable ventures, viz., the shearing and washing of sheep. Another German ' fever ship ' reached the colony on August 20, and the passengers were unfortunately compelled to go into quarantine. They have there fore been deprived of the opportunity now offered for employment, and no doubt think and talk very severely of their agent at home by whose instruc tions the ship was so crammed with immigrants that a miracle almost would have been performed had the whole of her passengers arrived in good health and condition. It is unfortunate also in this respect that the Great Queensland, with some six hundred and odd immigrants, is expected to arrive shortly, and the channels of employment will therefore be pretty well filled by the time the Freidbcrg immi grants are prepared and ready to go into business. The demand for labor is exceedingly brisk, and good shearing and farm hands are at a premium. At the mines the prospects of the laboring classes are steadily improving, and there is now no doubt of the permanency of this as well as our other indus tries. What with the high prices of wool and stock, the large demand for labor, the prosperity of the trading and Commercial interests, and the general ' well being ' of all classes of the community, there appears good ground for the statement made by a contemporary; viz., that at no period in the history of the colony have the prospects of immigrants ap peared more promising and hopeful. The'losa-pf the shipCountess Ttussell wai reported on tho 21tt ultimo. The sliin had recently dis charged immigrants #t Bo()khfwnptonV*nd was pro. cooding to Ketrc*sUe, /New South Wales, to obtain ..loadiflg, ^w}iett..,he-w.n« -overtaken by a gale and wr^U«iloutiie;«aeonsbind llonst, ftbont ft hundred r- Jiiflfli ftftffi -^^^^tij^sihroji j* LiSUiff : Polottioo irostost lio dthertnBtiil.^iill'Mt^in yod to the fibrwnmont/ Mr tt V*»Ifrr«(4:-t«MiU|, *« oJBmnily visited % Northern territory, *nd reports that the construction of tbe railway is a qnestion of time only, 'and thut the labor difficult;' can ha got over by*the employ, ment of Japanese and Malays, or Chinese. The re-' port further speaks of the Korthern territory as a land ?bounding in gold, copper, and Hn. Toe following bonuses for colonial industries axe offered by theftew Zealand Government :— Iron, £5,000 for 1000 tone pig'iron of marketable quality. No bohuB will be giveto for less than JO0 tons. Sugar, £2,000 for the production of 250 torn) manu factured in the ootony from beetroot. Fish, 4s per ewt. for fish, dried or pickled, exported from the oniony. Tbe claimant to produce the account sales, and the exporter to enter into a bond not to re-land the fish. This bonus is payable on exportations between August, 1872, and November, 1879. Wo have no doubt that the offer of a premium similar to the above for tho production of 1000 tons of Queens land iron would have the effect of inducing capitalists toproceed withthe working of the richa'nd extensive deposits of iron ore which are known to exist in the immediate vicinity of the town of Toowoomba, whereby employment would be given to hundreds of hands, and a great impetus afforded to the trade of the town and district. No event during the last few years has excited greater local interest than the marriage of Alias A. S. Taylor (eldest daughter of the Hon. James Taylor) and Mr G. G. Cory, which took place at St. James' Church, Toowoomba, on August 28, at noon. From an early hour in the morning until about 3 p.m. the road between the Railway Station and Clifford House presented a most gay and busy appearance, tho weather being warm aud beautiful, and admirably suited to the display of bridal toilettes. The church in every part was crowded with visitors, and the supply of scats was totally inadequate to the demand. The attendance cer tainly was the largest ever witnessed in St.' James', and could not have numbered less than seven hun dred to eight hundred persoiiB. The bridal party left Clifford House shortly before 12 o'clock, and immediately tbe bride with her father entered the church porch the choir led by Mr Roberts struck up the ' Bridal Chorus.' from Lucia di Lamuieriuoor. The costumes of the bride am! tlie bridesmaids Here much admired, while their Byluh-like and youthful beauty wasthe eubjectorgciicral remark. The follow ingUalistof the bridesmaids:— Mins Cory, Miss Keut, Miss Thorn, Miss Eliza Taylor, Miss Lillio Taylor, Miss Kliott, and Miss Isabel Taylor. The service was conducted by the Hev. Archdeacon Glennic, »SBisted by tho Rev. T. Abraham, and at its close the party returned to Clifford Houso, where a sumptuous and elegant breakfast was served, to a eompauy of not less than seventy persons. Mr Cory and bis bride left by tho afternoon train for Warwick where they will remain until Saturday next. The ' royal Biilomi ' car riage was attached to the train for the special pnrpose «f conveying the bridal party from Too wooniba to Warwick. A grand ball was given in the evening at Clifford House, the attendance being hoth large and fashionable. The company at 10 o'clock consisted of not less than one hundred and fifty persona. The festivities y.-cre brought to a close about 3 a.m. on Friday morning. Mb Tiioh\ei.or Smith has, we learn, completed the surveys of the Stnnthorpe extension of tlie Southern and Western Railway, ami is now engaged in the preparation of plans, &c.; A portion of the country, say from about thirteen wiles from Stan thorpe up to within eight miles of Warwick, is ex tremely wild and rugged, the line between these points lieing skirled by lutsaHic and granitic out crops of the most formidable character. The point at which the greatest facilities are afforded for tap ping the trade of the sister colony occurs on that portion of the line which crosses the shoulder of the Great Dividing Range at a distance of about one and a half miles from the town of Stanthorpe. The line is here carried to within fifty feet of the New England level. Tho fjll from the Bhonldi-r of tbe Range into the town of Warwick is liftecn hundred feet, and tlie length of llic line about forty-five or forty-six miles. ON his first visit to Toowonmba we undertook — in tbe interest of the Toowoomba and Drayton dis- trict — to furnish Mr Richardson with samples of wheat, barley, and maize of local growth for the purpose of exhibition in England. These samples {four of wheat, three of barley, and two of maize) were forwarded to Brisbane a few days before the departure of the last mail steamer, and appear to have reached Mr Richardson in "good order and condition." Writing from Sydney on the 9th. Mr Richardson observes : — 'I have to thank you for samples which were delivered just at the time of departure. I leave with a large and valuable col- lection— quite a museum — which I hope to expose in the old country to advantage.' A sale of Crown Lands was held at the Russell- street Office --n August 18, when the following ' i-.ircnls ' were quitted : — Agricultural land, parish of Gowrie ; npset price, 15s per acre. Lot 1, twenty four acres taken by Mr A. Prater, Gowrie, at 23s per aero ; lot 2, twenty-acres, same purchaser — price piid, 32s per acre ; lot 3. twenty-two acres, was sold to Mr 15. Williams, Yandilla, at 35s per acre ; and lot 4, twenty-two ncrcs, was knocked down after a spirited competition to Mr K. A. Prim rose, Canington, at 39a per acre. For tbe suburban lots, situate to the north nnd south of Margaret street, on tbe caslom slope «f the Main Range, no competition was. elicited, lot 6 being taken by Mr .Tames Burn, Dravtnn, at the upset price of £4 per acre; lots 8 and 27 l-v Mr It. C. Woodward, Too woomba ; lots 12. 13. IS, nnd 19 by Mr .T. T. Walker ; and lots lOnu.l 17 by Mr J. P. Mackenzie, nil at the same figure. We (Courier) understand that His Excellency the Governor has taken the villa at Sandgate lielonging to Mr M'Conuel, aud went d»wu to join the Marchioness of Normanby on Wednesday last. Bis Excellency proposes to stay in Sandpate for a couple of months or so, payiug an occasional Hying visit to Brisbane. We are glad to learn thut the health of the Marchioness is improving. Commenting on tho political 'situation' of the electorate of Anbigny, our Prayton correspondent, under date AugUBt 26th, writes: — It is not as yet certain whether the lion. Hubert llamsay will proceed to England at the ond of the present year, but whilst therele a probability of his doing so, he will not seek a scat in the new Parlia ment, nnd mntet/twnllfi will not bta candidate at Die next election for Aubitjny. lie will lie a loss to the legislature, and one whose place it will be difficult to supply, and whose sterling integrity as a politician is worthy of imitation by political tyros as well as others. Many of the psuedo-liberali, did oppor tunity eerrc, would, as you justly hint at in your leader of the 20th instant, en the whole bog, and onst tbe present occupants of the land to take pos session of it themselves. Rrbpectino the Carnarvon electorate, our Goon diwindi corriBpondent, under date Aug. 25, writes: —In the way of. politics, though generally speaking exceedingly dull, Messrs Bavin, Wallu, Barry, Currie', Cocas, and BMaillio, waited upon A. Wynd tiam, Esq., of Winton, the other day, with a numer ously signed requisition, calling upon that gentleman to come forward for their suffrages at the forth coming election. He cordially thanked them (and tho roquinitioiuBte KonerMly) for tbe UigV honor they sought to confer, upoii him, stating honestly and oanAidly his nttor inability to comply with their request. Of Mr Wy riiJh«m s avowed pnlitioal prin ciples I cannot speak, bnt as a local man he is known and esteemed generally by his good works. He is evidently -v gentleman of eminent social stand ing, thoughtfnl and ltenevolent at all times, and of tho most generous disposition, to' which all who know the many nets of kindness be bat performed can testify. But what is far better and wore im portant than all this, ho iB believed to be incorrupti ble *ud lifeline would unt fail to be a valuable acquisition to onr reformed 'Parliament. And the IflnleWoodoorrespondeutofncbntempor«ryn)isctTes; — Mr Boulton has paid us a visit, announcing him- self as one of our candidates for the forthcoming election, asking our support, in return for which he would do his utmost to advance onr interests. He also contradicts the statement which appeared in the Border Post, that the meeting which was called at Stanthorpe by Mr Aplin dispersed with "three cheers for Pring." Mr Boulton's views are, as re- gards railways, that they should be made and con- |e|Wfi^^^^^wtl inoes^i8k;«S^S BnaVflmfa&Otif; ^Tlh the IB ^lliomM Downey, first WvUUo46fliM1naiB-e. A good ghost story is going the rounds of the Drayton township. A Drayton swain enamoured with a ''Toowoomba beauty ' 'was in the habit of paying his devotions at frequent and regular inter vals, the majority taking place in the evening and extending on many occasions into the 'witch- ing hours ' of night. Gifted with a strong constitution, our hero cared little for the homeward pilgrimage, and notwithstanding that his road lay in close proximity to the cemetery he thought little of spirits and ghostly visitations, save, that he deemed it expedient to hum or whistle a selection from "Johnny comes marching," &c.;, while passing the grounds, and to continue the same until he arrived at a safe and convenient distance from the cemetery boundary. Now it so happened that on the evening, of say Monday or Tuesday last, the fences surrounding the cemetery were undergoing repairs, and about midnight the sexton was aroused by the sound of strangers in the grounds. Opening his window he discovered a number of stray cattle roaming among the graves, and accordingly he hastened, habited in night-dress and tassiled cap, to expel the intruders. The last calf had been mustered and expelled, and the vigilant guardian of the grave-yards was in the act of "shying" his last missile at the refractory animals previous to arranging the fence, when our swain arrived upon the scene. Strongly under the impression that the spirits were at work, and con fident that they were about to call him to account for the "fibs" he had uttered on "Juliet's balcony," he "let out a yell," stuck spurs to his horse, and hastened with utmost speed to his home in the parish of Drayton. The sexton, much amused, "went home to bed." An accident, fortunately unattended with serious consequences, occurred at the bridge near the foot of thoMainKange,ouWednesdayafternoon, Aug. 13. The bridge (an open one) is 70 miles 10 chains from Ipswich, about 150 foot long, and from 50 to 55 feet above the gully over which it is erectrd. The down train, which left Toowoomba at 12 o'clock, consisted of seven carriages or trucks, viz., three sheep trucks,' (four wheelers), three goods trucks, and one passenger van. It* is supposed that the axle box of one of the sheep trucks broke suddenly at a point about twenty-five or thirty yards distant from the Toowoomba side of the bridge, and that the stoppage of the train was therefore iiupncnible. Crossing the bridge the under portion nf the truck was removed from its position, ' and together with wheels, axle boxes, 4c, hurled into the pully he ueath. Approaching the Hclidon side of the bridge the truck tnrncd over on its side, and many of the sheep were lost in tbe waters hclmv, the remainder 'taking to theliueh' immediately they were afforded tho opportunity of 'tnnching terra firma.' Tlie passengers escaped without injury, many beiug quite uuawaro of the narrow lino liy which for a few moments tlicir fate was held in suspense. Great credit is due to the railway officials for the prompt manner in wln'cli the line was cleared and tbe paMeagars forwarded U- tlieir desti nation. Inspector Nicholson arrived shortly nfter the accident, aud Messrs. Thomas and Knrniblow left Toowoomba by special train immediately after the arrival of tbe telegram rcBpectin;; the mishap, and very little delay in the working of tho line was observed, the up train due at 3.23 arriving in Toowoomba aliout 4.40. Amoko the passengers by tho night train from Ipswich on Thursday, Ane. 28, were thrceCliiiiiiineii bound for Stanthorpo. On their arrival at Too woomba they proceeded at once to the ' Uidi-s' Waiting noom,'' unrolled their blankets, took nifa portion of their clothing, and ' shaped' themselves for a snooze. On being aroused by a vigihnt officer they were at once instructed that under the l'ooh clause of the 51st bye-law they wen- liable to im prisonment for trespass. They severally anil re spectively replied, 'Nosabbo,' and again prepared themselves for eleep. Mr Clancy and others hav ing been summoned the celestial drown rs \vi re aroused, anil ultimately coaxed into the iinprnsiion that they had committed a grievous error in attempt ing to convert a railway station into a 'Chiucsc boarding house.' Afternoon service was held in St. Janics' Church on Sunday, A ug. 25, when therite of confi nn.-itinn w.ir administered. to between twenty aud thirty candi dates. His Lordship delivered an address otiit.iliM for the occasion. The service lasted tin about half, post 4 o'clock, and during the whole lime the cliureli was almost -inconveniently filled, ns wan also the case in the morning when his Lordship preached. A PRISONER, named Prank Riellj-, p.isscd through Toowoomba, on August 6th, in charge of Kcrfrcnnt Cranney, of St. George. Rcilly in cli.-irrjcd with the murder of Senior-Sergeant Sutherland, at Kithiirst, in May 1872. The following particular* are given in Thursday's issue of the Qiternihwf Tim':— ltcilly was charged with sticking up a mail anil rubliin? a station, and he happened to be t-t a plaee where StrgeantSuthcrlaiidwas passing, and on the sen/rant setting off his horse he deliberately dint him, killini; him on the spot. Rcilly has I'cen at large ever since. and rewards have been offerc! for bis arrest. Ser geant Crannoy. early in July last, got on bis track. and never lost it until he arrested him. He found liini in St. George, and Itoilly becoming eunpieinus left the town and took to the bn-sh. .Serprant Cranney. followed, and both men found themselves in an awkward predicament during their rambles. Two days and nights were spent without food, ami strange to say the prisoner and his captor came np to Warriboue station, at the same time, for the pur pose of obtaining rations. Sergeant Cranney at once knew his man, and arrested him on the 21st of July. He was brought up atSur*t, and remanded to Roma, from which place he was further remanded to Bris bane, where it is expected he will 'lie fully identified. On Friday, the 15th nf August, he was interviewed by Constable Chalher of the Batburst police. On seeing the prisoner Con stable Chalker pxclaimed. ' As like as two peaa, but not the man wanted ;' and he declared that he never saw two men more alike. They were raid to lie of the same age, and were similar in build, anil in the color of their hair and beard ; but the facial expression, the teeth, and a few other points, differed ; and there whs a slight difference in their stature, tho prisoner measuring 5 feet 11{ inches, and the murderer fully 6 feet. ' A VERY handsome donation — tiio result of the Masonic Ball after discliargingall liabilities — waspre- sented by tbe Committee through their Secretary, Mr Brocklebank.on Thursday, Auc.2l,totheToowoomba Hospital. The nett profits of the entertainment, as will be observed by advertisement in another column, amounted to £14 Is Bd. A hbrtinq was held in Mr Gannon's office on Thursday, Aug. 21, fur the purpose of promoting a new weekly newspaper. The Monitor will be pub lished in Brisbane, hut the principal shareholders are residents of Gympie, Townsville, nnd Charters Towers. About ninety shares were taken at the meeting. The building which recently served as a mortuary chapel at the Drayton and Toowoomba cemetery, and was formerly a chapel at Fountain's camp, has (says the Church News) been sold to Mrs Palmer, of Highfields. She is about to erect the same on her estate, to serve as a private chapel, which, when not required for the service of the Church of Eng land, ministers of other churches in Toowoomba may offficiate therein.' Tire usual monthly licensing meeting for tlie dis trict of Drayton andToowoomhawas hold on Aug. 12 in the Polioe.Conrt. The following transfers were allowed :— Royal Exchange, Rnthvcn-strect, from Michael Pogarty to Anno Murphy ; Commercial Hotel, from Michael William Bullock to George Hooper ; 'Queen's Arms Hotel, from P. McMaUon (deceased) to Bridgot McMahon. An application made in behalf of Mr T. Allen for tho transfer of the lioense of the Gatnboova Hotel to Mrs Allen, was objected to by Mr Sub-Inspector Harris on the ground thatipenmesinii might be granted Mr Allen tortba conduct of his licensed houno by an agent during hit temporary Absence from the colony, with out tue transfer of thoiioenso to oucli agont; Leave of ftbsenoe granted accordingly. Ax a late hour on Sunday, August 10th, a large beam fred below the Hronl&ce; in the billiard-room sttbBvtoit Office Hotel was found to bo on lire. 'Ite iraUder engaged in -jjD ere6tion of the chimney appears to,h»ve ' worked ' tbe beam iuto the affair and thereby pi-ovicldd-^is fair as he could— for the destruction of the prjarnlscs. ' -A few ashes dropping thrdngh. the crevices, a littto Wattoutlon to tlie lieirth ana flreplaba at WgW&Miihe; matter was «tattly oroViuea «K' I 'TiMiW%6t*he tefo exer. ci»ftdbyMH Lttbis, tiie hidaenflre was dirtovored »aii|«4|ai^»!i^j.*; ^ ;;?? ?? ? ^^«^-ftlte^ils'#wri«i^niJwb of *hji Qtuentldnd ?«#?». :ftod*r'4e*«rAttgu»t*,«biewes;— A carrier i&m; .l)*lby named -J5om, Adams died lately «n the VooYoo; ll!» te»m' W»s sold in Oharlevillo, bring tug^76. A. Mr bike Itiehardi sold a team and -3r»y for £IM. Maiao is £1 por bushel I We ohierve a valuable addition has been made to our thoroughbred hone stock during the past few days, «s tUo Viutoriwi colt '? Lauwate,' hy Ace of Clubs, out of Poeteai, has ieen sold to Messrs, McCartney and Maine, of Wftverley, Queensland. This hone, says th» AuttmlaMan, is very much admired, and ft said to be wore closely -bred to ' Doucaster,' the winner' of the last Englii.h Derby, thau any horse oat of England. We also note that the racehorse ~' Challenger,' the property of Mr W, Jiuddle, has been suld tu Mr B, Boss, of the North, for Btud purposes. Tue favorite racing mare Louise died in Brisbane on Monday, August 25. At the sitting nf tbe Supreme Court (ia Baacn) on August 11, Mr Griffith moved for a rule imi to set aside the verdict given at Toowoomba in the case Amos v. Ruby Tin Mining Company, for leave to enter a verdict for tbe defendants, to grant a new trial, or to reduce the damages awarded by the jury to one shilling. The Court deferred their decision. Early on Sunday morning, August 10, Mr James Houston, butcher, of Brisbane-street, had occasion to rise from his bed, and was surprised at observing an unusual light in a neighboring house. He instantly became aware of the fact that it was the upper portion of the chimney of a wooden tene- ment occupied by Mr Peter McDonald, of Brisbane street, that was on fire. Mr Houston at once roused Constable M'Carthy, who came to his assistance, and by their conjoint energetic action they happily succeeded in arresting the progress of the flames. Mr McDonald was absent from home at the time. Had the fire been discovered five minutes later nothing could have saved the building from total destruction. Had it been the Town Hall few would have regretted its demolition. Samuel llegarty, of Freestone Creek, near War wick, farinur, liau heeu declared ioB.il veil toll his oun iwtition. First sittiug, September 1 ; secoud, October 20. Our Murphy's Creek correspondent, writing on August 21, observes : — I am sorry to have to report the very sudden death of the first male adult that has occurred amongst us since Murphy's Creek became a settle ment. I allude to the death of Phillip King, rather an unusually strong and healthy man, who was in his ordinary health on Sabbath last and died this morning, leaving a widow and nine of a family to mourn bis loss, the oldest not being more than 15 years. The loss to them is very great. Report differs as to the cause of death. My own opinion is that inflammation was the cause. UNDKRdate Auc. 12, our Rtanthorpe correspondent writes :— Onrhnspilal, a most substantial building, is fast going on to completion at the hands of the con tractor, Mr Larkin. The National School is also rapidly making a show ; and if we can only get up a School of Arts and a display of 'Boxiana,' we shall then only require a Corporation to lie eminent. 100 tons of tin last week; £CWI(I to credit of the Granite City ! ! ! Copper and diamonds as advised. TilROUon the courtesy of Mr. Gray, the Immi gration Agent, we {Tclajraph) learn that the ship Friedeliurg, from Haiiilrjr,., Ins been placed in temporary quarantine for one wrisk. During the voyage rixtccn deaths have occurred, arising from dysentry, inflammation nf tliu lunj;S. am! measles, and two deaths from scarlet fuvcr. The lust conva lescDiit from scarlet f«ver was discharged from the hnppital yesterday, ami as a precautionary measure it has bc-n deem'cl divisible to keep the passen gers on bo:ird tlie vessel for annth'-r week. Another sufferer by the hoilcr explosion at Coutliaraba, named Phcliui 3!o!ly, died -m Friday last Two hoys named M nrray, sons of Mr Murray, left their home on Ancust 20, and nothing more was heard of them lill Thursday nipht. wfccu they were discovered near Mr KirkV Ffau-.'liter yards. One «.f the boys appeared very unwilling to return, and con«ider.a!i!-! difficulty ir.-is cxiwrienoei] in porsuad ing him to 'p' hiime to bis mother.' Mr Murray, who is a mason, was absent at tlie time on business, uthorwiRfl a little ' moral and effectual ' persuasion minU have boon administered with hcnc.tit tn all aud particularly to the parties most vitally interested, Our Dalby correspondent, under date August 6, writes:— The late floods appear to have introduced to the waters of Myall Creek a visitor of rather an interest ing description. A few days since Mr Alderman Eastaugffe was duck shooting, about half a mile above Blackland's dam, when, to his great surprise, he saw swimming on the surface of the water a creature which at first sight he imagined to be a specimen of the alligator tribe. On a nearer inspec tion, at about twenty yards distance, he observed the monster to be almost seven feet in length, of huge bulk, and tapering towards the tail, which he says ended in one large upper and a shorter under fin. He also describes it as having a seal-shaped head and four large oval shaped fins or flappers. Mr Easthaugffe states that he had a clear view of the animal (or whatever it may be) until, in sporting phraseology it "winded" him, when it dived with a tremendous splash and was seen no more. On returning home Mr Easthaugffe was able to draw a sketch of his strange acquaintance, which sketch may at any time be inspected by the curious. He has since paid several visits to the same part of the creek with his rifle, but, has hitherto, been unsuc cessful in "interviewing the stranger." Wrnnro at a later date the fame correspondent observes : — AnaccidentoccnrredtoMrand MrsChas. ( 'oxen on their way to Jinibnur, on A115;. !-'. Whilst proMpdina on their road in a four-horse bufrgy of the Hon. J. P. Bell's, aleadini; rein Rave way, and the leaders 'donbled back.' and as they wore rattling along at a sham trot, the upset of the vchii'le was almost instnntanpoiiR. Mr Coxen jumped out, receiving a severe sprain in the ankle-. MraOoxenand the driver foil Tinder the vehicle, but fortunately escaped without further inconveni ence than a saturation with mud and water. The Impey was damapcij. and a conveyaneo was sent from l-alhy, in which the parties returned, Mr Coxcn's sprain being so severe as to require profes sional attendance. A trial instituted by a number of boys as to the suitability of brass candlesticks to ordnance pur poscR terminated in the death of one of their num Ikt. The particulars of thecase (as reported in Hie fjurtiuland Times) are as follows :— On Sunday Ancust 18. a lad of eleven years, a son of Mr M. Clarke, miner of Ooodna, obtained from tbe tent of one of the working men on the railway line some blasting powder, with which he filled hi* pockets. He nnd some other boys that were with him set atiout improvising a brass cannnn hy caliinc into re auieition a brass candlestick, which they filled with le powder and inserted a fuse in it, a coVk being stuck in the breech The poor boy placed the end of the cannon against his stomach while the fuse was being ignited, nnd the candlestick burst, the explosion also ipiiting the powder in hit pockets. He was frightfully burnt about tbe lower part of the body. Tn his frenzy th« poor lad jumped into a waterho'le, after which he attempted to wipe away the sipis of the explosion by ruhninf; himself with handsful of grass. He lingered on in agony nr.til Monday, when lie died. The funeral took place the following day. The following telegram has been received from Georgetown by the Hon. the Colonial .Secretary. It in signed by Mr. Charters, Police Magistrate, and Messrs. Pelheim and Nolan, JJ.P. :—'Henry Williams, one of the proprietors of the Caledonian crushing- machine, and another man named Samuel Blake, a blacksmith, were murdered by the blacks yesterday morning in sight of the machine; two men were also dangerously wounded. If no more efficient police protection is afforded for this district the gold-fields will greatly suffer, as after this gross outrage the lives of inhabitants on any part of this field are constantly in danger. Mr. Wiliiams has left a wife and four children, who reside with his father-in- law, Mr. Sidwell, a publican at Goulburn, New South Wales.' A ccibUkhfonDent sends us (fpaeich Obtertvr) the following :— ' On . Saturday, - August 23, t witnessed a very hairbreadth escape of a woman and child from being gored liy a cow. Two men were driving tb« cow uji DarHug-Btreet, and the animal seemed to lie knocked up, 'at she kept chunjing at everything that appeared in sight. At the corner of Darling unit Wafborn streets * woman and child suddenly appeared in view, and before the men who worenHVingtlieinfuriatedaniih&ll.sd; time to come to the rescue, 1*li8 (hide a desperate charge at the woman, , Providentially, an uuibmlU or parasql wbioh was open in the woman's hand, was the, tneansof her.MBaplug with perhaps her Ufa, or at any «fte from boing seriously burt. When the oow made tharnsh, the women plnoed the umbrella .In in front of her, xrhWi tti» bout lnokily ™t on: her horns, and then made off. DPhe umbrella' was of ronrse made »hortiro* of, but (tw»t« the moans, of saving th« poor woman, who Mosived a very severe AoOMPAHr is in conns of formation with ttie view of purchasinK from 'Messrs J. and Q. Harris their extensive ieUmongering, tanninc, and boot, manufacturing establishment* near Brisbane. 31be following provisional directory has been appointed j —Messrs J, A- Buchanan, J. Cowolisbaw, A. Hol land,' J. Hunter, aud Joseph Young. The prospec tus will be found in another ooluuin. On Monday, August 18, as Mr Edward Mott was returning home from town on the Samford road, driving his -ir«y, lie' was (says the Telegraph) set upon at Trodomiick's Hill (about four miles out) by two men, who dragged him from his dray, at tempted to cut his throat, aud otherwise maltreated him. He was soon afterwards discovered and taken to Mr Nicholson's residence, from whence he was removed yesterday to bis own house. Mott has been under the care of Dr. Mullen from the time of the discovery nf the offence. The police are on the track of the perpetrators. On* Wednesday, August 13, a man named Henry Heber was (says tbe Queensland Times) fouudflying near the Clarendon Hotel, Ipswich, in an apparently drunken state. He was taken to the lockup, but on being examined it was found that something more serious was the matter. \\)r. Dorsey, the Govern ment medicul officer for this town, was tbeu sent for, aud applied some remedies. The jioor man was found to be in a lit of apoplexy, and his removal to the hospital was recommenced. On arriving at the hospital, Ore. Itowlauds and Hecncy were sent for, and were speedily in attendance-. Meantime tho reaidcut -liK|ieaser laA applied mustard plasters to the man's legs. Extreme remedies were deemed necessary the stomach-pump was used, and tho patient was bled and cupped. Very little hope was entertained of his recovery, and after Ul that could he doue for him was accomplished his state was very precarious, little or no pulse being perceptible. At ft o'clock in the morning, however, lie rallied a little, consciousness returned, anil he gradualy re covered . TnE following particulars respecting the death of Mr W. S. Kinq, formerly of the Clarendon Hotel, Ipswich, will bo rea/l with interest by many of bis friends in thil ami the' Hurrminding districts. An enquiry wa3 held (save the Wide liny Xcwt) on the 17th instant before Mr Fairclolli, concerning the death of a man named W. S. King who3c body was found floating in the rivpr that mnrninp. Sergeant Uolloran, Gcorgc Hossof the Commercial Hotel, Juo. Mclaine a timher-getter, aud W. B. Cooper a farmer, late of Ipswich, were examined. It appeared, from evidence that the body of the deceased was found floating nenr Graham and Vo.'g wharf on Sunday morning. In deceased's pockets there was i'8 5s in money, a roM ring, gold chain ami silver wateh, tho latter having stopped at half-past two. There was a slight scratch 011 the nose and the right eye was swollen ; the wound was only skin dc/-p however. It appeared also that on Tuesday evening he had left tlie Commercial Hotel sayillu that he was pning down to the jmut which was lyini; at the Corpora tion wharf, to isee a man named Milaiue. whom he hail hired, and whom he expected U- find on board of her. lie was perfectly solier at tlie time, and in fact a perfectly sober man. Mel nine it appears bad called for the deceased at the hotel the same even ing to go down with him to the punt, bnt finding lie Lad pon» down went after liiiu. WJien he went down there was no one m: li.ianl, nor did be seo any sign of any nn« having gnue on board. He mentioned also that there uaann lamp lit on the whaif. Nothing was Keen nf the deceased after this, and information was sivc.i to the police 'f his absence last week. It seems prolialile that the un fortunate man in trying to tict on board the punt stepped into the water, poasibly striking himself a blow against the side perhaps in his efforts to rise to the snrfiice. The Police Magistrate remarked that he had known him for the last fourteen yeais before he came to Ipswich, and that his family wer« most respectable. He had liegun speculating in timber, be Isa.il Iwught some bullocks and had hired the punt. He was in high si.irits and well please. I with the success of his enterprise so far, aud there was no reason for suspecting miicide. I'iiiitei'TION iu Victoria (says tho Courier1)! T!oli.?inian) ie earned out in a 1 ij.-in.al manner. Local products :i iv protected against imported articles of I the same kind ; tho local'workmen are pn.te.ited by .1 cessation -if all immigration Rave that which comes uninvited and uir'-nlmniud ; and now th* jicnpl,. ai-e beginning to be pr.iteete.il from tlicir mm vices and inclinations to vicious conduct. They have a Permissive Act— which dors not seem to work very very well— and a society for promoting morality. The committee of this society, which numliurs aiiK.ng it* members the Bislmp 'and Dean nf Mel bourne, waited upon Mr Francis, the Premier, the other day, to request him to prevent naughty women from walkin? in the streets of Melbourne after dark. The Bishop sajR they tempt yimng men who are going tf-, or leaving the theatres. He assured Mr Francis that they cau aud do tempt these poor youni; 'men without even speaking to them, liy 'a (hunting gait.' What dreadfully naughty women they innst be to act in this way to inuoeeut impressionable young men going to the thentre. The young men run aud tell tho Bishop all almnt it a;i'l ho sets the morality society in motion, but nlas. alas ! protection has hardly reached the proper staae in Victoria as yet. Mr Francis told the Ilishop that unless these naught)- girls did something worse than 'flaunt,' the police could tint interfere with them. What will the- poor young men do now ? 