ODD NOTES.—BY A BOHEMIAN. I HOPR the elections are progressing to the satisfaction of everybody concerned. I am per- <*> fectly satisfied so far. The old names reappear on the list of members returned wherever the •lector* have the chance of choosing them, and, ■o far as can be predicted at present, tbe New Parliament will be very much like the old one — only a bit bigger. Out of eighteen members already elected there are only two who hare not sat in Parliament before. This is consoling. Il sounds well to talk of " infusing new blood into the Legislature," but the operation is a hazardous one—particularly if you abstract too much of j the " old blood" in tbe process. New blood is apt to be frothy and effervessent, for a time at least, and its abundant vigor is more likely to be expended on dangerous or impracticable j scheme? than on safe a«d fe» B ible ones. Besides, new fledged politicians, like seventeen-year-old boTS, are, as a rule, unmitigated bores. They^ are full of enthusiasm on new dis coveries they hare made in political I science—discoveries which their grandfathers, j if they ever bad any, discovered to be fallacies j half a century ago. They have not measured ' themselves or thnir strength with veterans, and ! therefore they fancy that they have no equals. ' Innocent of practical experience, they have bad j no opportunities of finding out their many and j great deficiencies. Like the traditionary young bear—" their troubles are all before them," and the process of convincing them of this fact is a I tedious and uninteresting one. It has to be j done, but the necessity makes the duty none the less agreeable to either operators or spectators. I conld go on prosing in this sententious man ner for another column or so, if I bad a grudge against my readers, and desired to pay them out in such a heartless and cruel manner —but j I haven't any grudge, and would revenge it in a moi% merciful manner if I bad. The impression I wished to convey was that I don't like new faces, either in Parliament or anywhere else, and therefore I am pleased to Bee the old mem bers getting returned to metho 'ieally. Douglas is likely to be rejected to- day by the electors of North Brisbane, bat that is not a matter of consfquence. Ho is not a desirable man to have in the Assembly at all, and par ticularly as the representative of the metropolis of the colony. In the first place, he is too precise and conscientious both in his language and conduct for a member of Parliament. A man who has scruples of conscience over sin electioneering statement, and such a nice sense of h6nor as to regard his smallest word as an inviolable bond, has no right to aspire to the position of a public man, much less a Queens land statesman. Then, again, he regulates his political conduot by set principles, and sticks to them with irritating pertinacity, whether lis party go with him or not. He has a bad habit of thinking for himself and coming to his own conclusions on all sorts of questions. Being an educated man and a gentleman he has not the tact to disguise these misfortunes, but must let them be seen on all occasions, and so annoy other people who are not afflicted in like man* ner. As a natural consequence, probably, of the defects already alluded to, onr friend is apt to be chivalrous ani Quixotic even, when he ought to be selfish and cautious in a high de gree. Nothing arouses suspioion among ignorant, selfish, or designing people so soon or so cer tainly as a display of generosity or high prin ciple which so far trrnscends their ideal that they cannot believe it to be genuine. Above all, Dowlas has commuted the blunder of letting the elector* of North Brisbane see that he would regard it as an honor to sit in Parlia ment as their representative. He ought to lose his election for this fault alone. The proper course to have taken would have been to make the electors see and feel that he conferred an honor upon them by allowing himself to be nominated. His trump card, wh*>n requested to come forward, was to have pleaded unwillingness, and imposed conditions; enlarged on the great personal sacrifices it would involve, and stipulated that so soon as the duties of representing them bo* oime onerous or irksome he should be at liberty to resign them and devote his whole attention to his own private affairs. This would have taken the conceit out of the electors, and se cured their suffrages to a man. But he didn't do this, consequently hos. members of the Legis lative Assembly will probably be saved the annoyance of his crotchets and odd conduct in the House, for another session or two at all events. / The process of election under the new Act is rather a tame affair. Fancy the returning officer for the metropolis having only an audience of one per*piring reporter to hear him declare the nominations for a eon tested election. " Can such tilings be, and overcome us like a summer cloud without our special wonder ?"—as the late William Shakespere was in the habit of observing to his good lady, whenever he saw a ghost. Is it possible to keep up even a decent show of public spirit when all opportunities for its display are so carefully removed? lam afraid not. The preventing of electioneering meetings from being held at public houses was tbe first wet blanket on the elections, the secret nominations was the second, and the voters* rights dodge was the final extinguisher to all public interest, much less enthusiasm, on the subject. Public spirit cannot be thoroughly aroused without a liberal administration of strong drink; it cannot be j kept up without frequent opportunities of manifesting itself in a concentrated form at • public meeting in convenient places; and its practicable exercise on polling-days must be made as easy and pleasant as possible. V* hether it was a cunning device of the enemy, or simply a fatuous hobby of some political purist, tbe result is equally unsatisfactory. We must have the Elections Act and tbe Electoral Districts Act altered, unless we mean to become " hum drum " and deplorably unpatriotic. If we could get the good old English custom of open voting, when we are about it, our future elec tions would be very much more interesting. Any way it will never do to go on in this sort of fashion. Our patriots and political instruc tors find no scope for the exercise of their callings. | As a proof of the shifts to which they are ' reduced, take our old acquaintance, Paddy I O'Sullivan. He, as I see by the Ipswich paper* of Saturday last, is obliged to take to " leading article" writing to reach tbe people. Think ot that ye old residents in this great colony, who have listened so often to the fljwing eloquence I and insinuating brogue of The O'dullivnn! Think of the painful—l think I might venture to say the agonising—struggle required to con dense a rousing harangue, in which logic and grammar were of secondary import ance, into the tame, narrow, formal limits of a leading article in a newspaper, a thing which people read placidly at their breakfast tables, between bites of bread and butter, and sips of coffee. A thing which they can weigh word by wo d, mind you, in tbe most deliberate and cold-blooded manner, and re read and criticise. It ncust be bad enough for Mac* alister to be driven to such a strait, but he, by nationality and temperament, has the advantage of The O'Sullivan by tremendously long chalks Yes, we must have these elections made a little livelier, and ample opportunities afforded for the display o public spirit. A. wicked sinner, who nevertheless attends his church very regularly, writes me a most eulogistic account of the services there. He says any one who likes operatic musio " on the cheap" can always get it by attending bis church. Last Sunday tbe performance consisted chiefly of passages from " I Puritani," and next Sunday he invites ma to come and hear " Lcs Huguenots." I think I will go. Somebody once said, " variety is charming," and a little operatic musio must vary the solemn monotony of a religious service in a very agreeable manner. By-and-by we may progress back to the middle ages, and re- establish the religions drama as welL I have no doubt one of the old miracle plays or "mysteries" would draw crowded houses if the assistance of a good theatrical i manager could be secured to superintend its production. The Otago Provincial Government lstelj ex tended the hours of attendance of civil servants by making them from 9.50 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily, and the example U about to be followed by the Auckland Government. 