VOLUNTEER INTELLIGENCE. INTJCBCOLONIÜ MATCA.-Thirty-one of the forty volunteers seleoted by praotlce for the foi incoming Intercolonial Rifle Match met for praotlce at the Pad- dington Rifle Riiigo on Uat-Saturday afternoon. Tho" .firlng.was with tho Hay" rifle, and wai""hóf¡ at aU'up to th« mars;, owing to fl galo of wind', blowing .through-" out tho.Afternoon. Each volunteer fired fifteen shots, and one " siding shot." The top Boorers woro-Euahel .IG; D;Aiitta45, Geary 45, and Lindley 45. '. i .. RIFLE ASSOCIATION. -TmaraENTH PBIZE MÏ'ETIKO. -The Rifle Association matches'commença thia morn- ing" at 9'o'olook, and will be ontlnued.on the 8 th,'Otb, 10th,. and Utk Instant. ;, On Friday last tho oothmlttio I met at the Biig&do; omeo, and completed.tholrarrangt ments. It'was, s tated that tho rule for diiqualifioi. Mon wi'V bp s'tilotly enforcrd, and that lt is necessary that competitors _should be moro careful than; ; hitherto . ,iu . aiming ; at/ the ", right, target,' The following regalátloha are published foi the inform- ation and guidanoo of'tho force daring tho mbtches. In. accordance with the rules of the association tis to "efficients;" .'competition's acoprdlngly'reatrloted as follows [ir1 Any. v,olnn*eór.'returnr/d;ás an'cfBoicrit'ion tho: 1st January last/and who,' from that dato'to Sep- tember. -80th following, hrs completed; during that period tho averago number 'of drills down to tba Volunteer .regulations for efficiency. Any volunteer hot returned as an efficient on'January 1st last will ba eligible to compote, provided he has attended the num- ber of drills'for efficiency'during the twelvemonths immediately "preceding thc quarter in which tho annual S'irize meeting is held, Viz., from 1st Ootober; 1872, to Oth- September; - -1873, Inclusive. " Recruits shall bo eligible to - oompeto in the- speolal matoh of 7 who have enrolled themselves three months and passed offiolal inspection in preliminary drill, provided such rcornlts have attended the aversgo number of drills for efficiency.' "Volunteers who have hot fulfilled the above conditions wi'I,' not' bo/ttllowed ¡to rcoeiva a prize,. " "Volunteers competing.,In,'all the matones"" must' 'appear'"' either1 'in" tull "'/or * un- dress uniform of their respective' corps. "'A field-officer , shall.. bo , , nominated, . for . the com- mand ''of-all volunteers;" on.' the-: ground- during eaoh day of tho meeting, and although his position-in I that respe ot does hot-involve any authority for his Interference in the managemeht of the meeting, he is held responsible for the due maintenance of order and 'discipline amongst ell volunteers present, and any breach of order SB to uniform shall place saob offender under arrest as signified by .paragraph 136 ot the volun- teer regulations,' and report' same to Brigade-major without delay. An adjutant of tho day will also assist the field-offioor. The officers and non-com- missioned officers of tho'pormanont staff will e-ultt the committee of tho association, aa also the field offieer In command. ' Brigade-sergeant itaff-major Hill! permanent staff,' will superintend the formation of the several squads, and m»rch' them off to their respective points. The following will be the detail for duties during tho matches :-7th Instant, Major Shepherd and Adjutant Lett ; 8th, Major Jacques and Adjutant Wilson ; 9th, Major Raymond and Adjutant Chatfield ; 10th, Major Jacques, and Adju- tant Chatfield; 11th, Major Goodlet and "Adjutant Wilson. The Melbourne Leader ot Saturday bas the following:-" The Paolflo mall' alliance between Kew South . Vf«lea and Ife» Zealand la un fait accompli, Mr. Vogel lia« ratified, on behalf of lila Government, the agreement entered Into In London between Mesars. Hassell and Bamuel, and the tlrat »learner will loare Sydney on tho 18th December, via Fiji and Honolulu. There are to be thousand ton ateamera uaed to connect th« Kew Zealand porta with Kandavau j and all mattera soern to have been so excollently arranged oa to have almost the appearance of a preconcerted plan between Mesara. Parkes and Yagel. It ls uaoleaa to disguise (the fact that thia arrangement la a severe blow to that prestige willah Mr. langton led na to believe ho had purchaaod for thia colony In, tho Suez contract at a coat of close upon half a million Barling This precious policy haa losulted in throwing Kew Zealand' completely into the arma of Kew Booth Walee, and henceforth the iittere<fts of the two colonies will -bo to a l»rg'e extent identical, while the polia/ that will centrol thain will, we may 'be cert vin, riot be to tho advantage of Victoria.' Mr. Lang- ton^ blundering la not yet half reallaod by the pnbllo mind ; ? when'it ia' fully understood it will bo found that his Intoler- able conceit and administrativo incapacity have cost ' thia colony more in coln and reputation than any weight erer before put upon lt by a Victorian minister. ' St. MARY'S, SOUTH CREEK.-On Monday evening, the 29th ultimo, the Rev. Robert Smith Paterson, of Sydney, delivered the fifth of a series of lectures which tho Presbyterian people of our district has favoured us with. On this occasion James Young, Esq., St Marys, was placed in the chair, who appropriately introduced Mr.Paterson to the meeting. The reverend lecturer began by stating that his subject would be "Louis Napoleon and the coup d' etat of 1851." He gave a very excellent sketch of Napoleon's birth and many interesting incidents in his life up to December 1851, after which he confined himself to the coup d' etat of 1851, which was stated with great precision, keeping strictly to historical facts, and concluded by denouncing the conduct of Louis Napoleon and those engaged with him in the few eventful days in December 1851, in very severe terms but strictly just. Altogether, the lecturer treated the subject with great ability and vigorous eloquence. At the conclusion he received a hearty vote of thanks, which was moved by Mr. Schwartskoff, and seconded by Mr. Worvall ; and, after a vote of thanks was given to the chairman, the meeting separated, highly pleased with the lecture. The weather is still very dry, and rain much wanted for both the young crops and the grass. Were a few days rain now to come, it would secure a heavy crop of hay in our district, and give a beautiful appearance.to our vineyards, orchards, and gardens. CORRESPONDENT TIT» ca8csin which Mr. Greatbead's remedy for diphtheria has boen successful, are- reported by the Cres- wick Adrertitcr:- "Mr. Hotchin cam» to oarofflca, stating I that bia little girl, alx yc&raof; age, showed srraptoma of the disease oh Sunday laat. Bo procured medical aid, but on '-Wednesday afternoon the throat was nearly full of matter, and tho patient, nearly auifocated. He therefore tried Mr. .Greathead'a roxnedy as a last resouroo. Having procured threeponnywortb ol aulphuric acid, he'put faur dropa In a cup of water, and, after properlr mixing lt, ho gavo lt to tba child. i In » few minutes abe vomited, bringing away the matter In tho throat, and In a ahort timo she asked for some- thing to eat. having eaten nothing for tha last two or threo daya. Mr. Hotchin examined tho throat on Thursday-twenty 'onr hours af tor giving tho draught-and saw no symptoms of the disenso. Mr. Kelly, a farmer ot Spring- hill, called in a i medical man to a child lufforing from thia disease who pro- nounced lt tn bo & very had caae, and ono nearly hopeless. 1 Late on Sunday night a friend named Denny, having heard of the simple cure, purchased the seid, and proceeded with lt to Mr. Kelly's, where the child waa lying In a very exhausted state . Tho remedy waa given aa directed, audit la reported that tho child has boon freo from the dlseaae ever since; and la ' rapidly recovering from Ita effects," _ "The Prophet" was niuguificently,; rendered last night, at thu Victoria Theatre, by the Italian Opera Co rrj .pany, and waa rnpturoualy applauded. The Prophet (Ros-' natl ) sang magnificently, and «o did Signora Coy and Signora .Zenoni Gamboa. Tho dramatic notion of the latter through \--out the oporu was flue, but In the coronation scene'it was magnificent. Tho perfection of art Is to deceive both, the j judgment awl tho «eines. All art indeed Is a sham, and a mako believe from beginning to end. Tho more thoroughly I yo» arodeceived tho grenier 1» tho'skill oftheartlst. Zenoni acted her part so well os to.demand an effort ot the judgment to prevent tho spectator from believing that tho passions she ' waa delineating wrelTeal. The Illusion was as nearly perfect aa possible.! ! She'received'án ovation'of applause, and a shpwer of garlands and bouquets.";:Bignora Coy's singing ,wàa nlaa.very fine,-but-the mle. of Bertha ls inferior in dramatic interest to that of .tho. Prophet's mother. Tbs .opera ls'ßnely^nouijted,, and .a great, deal or the aceunryls very pretty. ? TherSwere à fow mishaps in tho akatingaccnei 1 .wMehralcnóngh'pertalhlng'to tbe'ehaßter of aooldenta, were ..«evertbe'wa quite natural; Inasmuch as real skaters gat many I a tumble. The music--of Ulla opera" Isa carious mixture cf ^sparkling melodles,aud>melo-droraatlo harmonie.'. Borne of "which'ire w'i1rd ana,;«lf-Uke»'but .withal exceedingly.appro' priam nnd expressive^," Here and there the ghosts of old'meUJ die» lilt through the muajoi reminding tho listener of imnoi thing , ho" has! heard ' bororo. 'Ttlë concluding song of .tho ¿ "Prophet-? bears a striking resemblance T to, art ..olU,,;«ju»ilrllle,% and tttw ; muslo . of -J the ; ecefie between tlis" Prophet and IIIB mother,' after, Bertha has. been! carried olía prisoner, onntalnB whole phrases and half phraser, .Bcarrrely- dlsgn'sed.-of tho.old English" melody of "AirtrT the; ¿Dbwhfca'j. In rJ'-Black-nyed .Susan.", This, however, ia no> iblemlah ,ioj the'ppera,;fur'.theaeianatehea olVmeJodlea aro: hf tho*cHörusea," too.'lB'a'.iatnt shadow. Titi' di lièrent tune, of tho.»ame lino old arr.I"'Thol'cdmpoier; 'was7,evidently;, ohiêssdd'l)#tha!gSoït'-fil-,tMa.-mëlody\'rrblIst .writing'itlieso¡ .portions of thobpori. mie "Prophet" Is.-^rm5*'1sr'(jrand nnd;, Rrca.tryrork, nnd. will remain a monument totheauthor'a fame',] solong uri there,are cultivated .men and fwomea,capable of|J appreciatingtllo-beau'ty of tho lyrlo drama;1 It-wfll- bef por-f formed again to-utght, wean mute t-r the laat time. ¡ríate,- One; 