FREE CHURCHES AND FREE CHAPELS. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— The present is peculiarly the period of philanthropic movements, when a noble rivalry seems to animate both the clergy and laity of all denominations as to which shall be most prominent in devising and carrying out schemes for ameliorating the condition of suffering humanity. The body is not neglected, and the mind is thought worthy of care and cultivation. Hence cheap means of education are now advo cated on every hand, and the more easy of access schooolsarerenderedforyoungpeoplethebetterit is. Amidstthenumerousplanswhichso many have combined to carry out 1 have been much struck at the singular neglect of that particular means of moral and religious improvement which we are often told is the most important of all— I speak of the pulpit. I have frequently asked myself why are there no free churches and chapels ? To whatever place of worship a man, rich or poor, may wish to go on the Sab -bath, with the noble exception of the Quakers or Friends, Plymouth Brethren, and one or two other small sects, money seems to be the necessary passport, if he desires to be a frequent or an acceptable attendant. In the higher class chapels 5s. each sitting per quarter is demanded, in others 3s. per quarter, and in all collections 9 re more or less common, the only difference being that where less is charged for pews there collections are most frequent. In other places of worship where pew rent is not demanded little bags are handed round at the end of each service, into which the worshippers are expected to place coin ; while in other sanc tuaries small envelopes are given to the members of the congregation, which they are told are to contain their voluntary contributions, and which they are directed to place each Sabbath in a box near the door. At the end of the quarter a receipt is given for the amount placed each Sunday in the box, and also an equal number of envelopes as have been used in the past quarter. If the chapel-goer has been remiss in his contributions he is [reminded of this by receiving only a small number of envelopes, and if he he has given nothing he gets none, but simply a reminder of his neglect as ^ follows:— 'Please receive 0 envelopes.' This hist method of collecting revenue is, we have seen, termed voluntary, although the re ceiver of the envelopes well knows each of them is numbered, and the sums he gives are all entered in the Treasurer's book. This plan we are persuaded has a great moral weight on many minds, and will often cause them to give more than they can afford. But whatever mode is adopted in different places of worship the object is always the same, and that is money, money. Thus the condition of the Protestant Church of the 19th century approaches very closely in this respect to that of the Papacy in the middle ages. /Eneas Sylvius, afterwards Pope PiusIL, thus speaks of it: — 'The Court of iiome gives nothing but for ready money; it goes so far as to sell the imposition of hands and the gifts of the Holy Ghost; even the absolution of sins is obtained only with money.' Thus has the general Church, almost since the very time of its Founder— of Him who dent out His disciples to preach His kingdom with 'no money in their purse'— even to the present day refuse to dispense the spiritual blessings of which it claims to be the only cus todian unless it receive 'filthy lucre' in return, though its ministers are never tired of proclaim ing at the same time, in a manner strongly sug gestive of verbal misconception either in them or their hearers, that these very blessings, of which they invite men freely to partake, are to be had by all 'without money and without price.' It may, however, be said that no man is obliged to attend a place of worship unless he feels inclined to do so. But unfortunately the very persons who have a direct pecuniary interest in overflowing churches and chapels are the persons of all others the most zealous in affixing a stigma on those individuals who do not frequent these temples, and this they do by ascribing bad motives for non-attendance, affirming that persons who stay at home are indifferent to religion, or even that they are outside the pale of the divine favour, In fact all is done by ministers, who receive more money in proportion to the number of their hearers, to render nonattend ance at places of worship disreputable. The consequence is they educate men's minds to regard those persons as not respectable who remain at home on the Sabbath. The latter feel in an unmistakable way that they lose caste by so doing, and they are thus compelled by motives of a very worldly kind indeed to attend places of worship whether they can really afford or not to pay for the support of the preachers, &c.; It may be said, however, that for those who cannot afford to pay for church accommodation there are free sittings provided. This is the case, doubtless, in some places of worship, but as this class of sittings go by the name of ' poor seats,' persons feel at once pauperized by being shown into them. Moreover, such distinctions are contrary to the spirit of true Christianity, and remind one of those whom St. James reproves, and who were in the habit of saying to the poor of their day in the religious assemblies, ' Stand thou there, or sit here under my foot stool.' I believe there are great numbers in the City of Adelaide and its suburbs who are deterred from attending Christian places of worship owing to the expenses they must necessarily incur by doing so. Suppose a man has a family cf four children of an age to occupy seats in a church or chapel. Then, with himself and wife, there are six te pay for, probably at the rate of 5s. each per quarter; this will amount to £6 a year. Some families are much larger, and at the same rate would require to pay £12 or £14 a year. I myself have a large family, and I once tried on this account to gee a deduction from the 53. a sitting I was asked to pay, but without success. Now, is a working man, a clerk with a small salary, or any respectable person with crippled means, with a large family, able to stand and pay such imposts as these? It is often most difficult, if not impossible, for such persons to pay the demands made upon them in connection with the places of worship they attend; and yet when behind in their payments, or unable to liquidate their ecclesiastical obliga tions, they are perhaps told by some deacon or elder, as I havejbeen told, that the minister has as just a claim upon them for his salary as their butcher and baker have for the goods with which the latter have sup plied them. If this be true it is likewise certain that neither butchers nor bakers insist on our eating their meat or their bread, especially when we can live on other diet equally nutritious, and which suits us as well ; nor do they denounce us because we do not or cannot patronise their shops. And as regards those ministers whom Providence has already endowed abundantly with the good things of this life, I must confess my inability to comprehend how they ^ can accept large salaries or any remuneration whatever for preaching the Gespel, and yet affirm at the same time that they are not influenced by pecuniary considerations, but simply from a love of their work and a desire to save men's souls. Those may believe them who canwhen they speak thus; but I do not, for their conduct is opposed to the very first prin ciples of that religion which they profess to teach. Under present circumstances is it any wonder that, despite the risk of losing conventional respectabuty, many persons prefer to remain at home on the Sabbath rather than incur debts to ministers or to the deacons and elders who collect for them? You will see, Sir, from the foregoing, why my mind has been so occupied with the subject of free churches. Would not such, I ask, be a great boon to society at large ? No doubt of it. There is a field of usefulness open to wealthy Christian philanthropists. If some of these would endow free^ churches belonging to their various denomi nations, into which any person might enter at any suitable time without losing social caste, and where they couldlisten to such ministers as money onhr can procure, they would be doing a good and noble thing. Until we have many such free churches, State establishments for religious pur pesea will retain one of the strongest arguments tnatcan be brought forward in their favour, which is that the voluntary system, especially as ♦iL r -mt - C0untr7» does not provide for tue religious instruction of all classes of the community. J^fi^Sf*1116 lefc me- ro«S®jfc to persons who have the means and inclination to support places of worship and to pay ministers, the pro* priety of exercising the utmo3t charity towards those who do not follow their example. I am, Sir, &c;, A POOR MAN. 