SERMON BY FATHER D'ARCY AT GOULBUKN'. \\\ The following very eloquent sermon was I ; ynreached by the Very Rev. D. J. D'Aroy on the \\- occasion of the laying the corner-stone of St. j, Patrick's new College at Goulburn on Sunday, I , :23rd instant : — |-- ftjy Lord Archbishop, my Lords, very rev. I ;and rev. brethren, and dearly beloved : — In I reading the Gospel we find that immediately I 'before His passion, and whilst praying for His 1 ^iapinifiH. our Blessed Redeemer addressed His 1 Heavenly Father in the following words : I ?'' This is eternal life — that they may know Thee, 1 the only true God, and Jesus Christ whom thou I Jhast sent.' Wherever the sacred Scriptures are i .received as the word of God — wherever Christ f Himself is believed to have been God — these 1 'words furnish an indisputable proof that there is I .-a future life which perisheth not ; a future I ;state which ends not ; and that the means to I fsecure the one and reach the other is faith : that I .is, a knowledge of the only true God, involving I.. 'the observance of His holy law. As long then :|' .as immortality is preferable to all that is mortal I -—eternity to time, heaven to earth, and endless I joys to those that vanish — so long must their I ^attainment command the profound attention of I -at least the wise— so long shall their acquirement I 'be an object of the first magnitude — ' be the one I thing necessary.' Referring to this future I ;state, counselling and warning man on this great I .truth, Christ says, 'What doth it profit a man H to gain the whole world if he suffer the loss of p .'his soul, or what shall a man give in exchange if ior his soul ?' What really doth it profit a maa It that wealth and power were at his service — that H he were familiar with all the languages spoken. H '.% the human race, that he understood the |H 'whole circle of the sciences, that he were an If .adept in and master of every art, or I .that the tides ebbed and flowed at his H command— if he were destitute of the 1 knowledge which leads to the kingdom for I which he was created — to which, by the I .grace and mercy of God, he is heir ? Seeing wucu uuau urns ituuwicugc ui vjuu, me x'iiuum ?and of His only Son, as far at least as they are revealed to us means eternal life — means possession of the unseen, untold, and incon ceivable joys of heaven — how really dear to us — ?how imperative upon us — is the duty of acquir ing this knowledge ! how obligatory on us, if 'we sincerely love our neighbour, is its diffusion ! Hence, to promote this true wisdom amongst men, to tell the ignorant of its value and beauty, .has ever been considered the most sublime em ployment and has elicited from the mouth of ?'God himself the promise, that they who do so I ?shall be surrounded with the brightness of the .firmament, shall ahine like stars for eternity. It is therefore no wonder that the learned, and I ;the virtuous, and the wise, and the great, of ?every age should have devoted their lives and , -energies to the dissemination of this wisdom, to fcne propagation of this faith. What then is ;\:aith ?— what is this precious pearl, to purchase which the rich merchant in the Gospel sold 'everything he possessed ?— what is this brilliant ?sun and centre of the moral system, around which the virtues revolve, from whose vivifying ,power they draw life, and within whose radi ance they flourish? What is faith? As iden tical with doctrinal truth— the aspect under which, I here consider it, it signifies the whole ?«ody of divine revelation, it comprises every truth communicated by God to man. This is what we mean when we speak of the true faith in contradistinction to a false faith, when we speak ;0f the faith once committed to the saints. Can 4ms faith be effected in its nature,— be modified *-y either time, place or circumstances? Can -^??nis faith suffer increase or diminution, and yet Remain the same ? It is obvious it cannot ; for '{increase or diminution would but destroy j ?2ts oneness— could but destroy its integrity, ! -its harmony, and its beauty. 'Now, I beseech you brethren,' says the apostle, 'by ?'he name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that you all ?speak the same thing, that there be no schisms '\fchat is, no divisions) amongst you, but that you be perfect in the same mind and in the same judgment.' Hence to preserve His holy doc «rine and these its characteristics intact, ?umsfc, the eternal wisdom, confided it to the care of an indefectible, undying, and infalli «« guardian. For subject it to the action of in dividual caprice but for a day, allow private ..judgment to play upon it but for a day, and the beautiful edifice raised by the Divine Architect ^ the universe becomes a shattered, dismantled, ^ishgured, and hideous ruin. Are not these words verified, are not these remarks justified, ^7 a fact which has lately come under the pub «c notice, a fact which reaches us on the X8 -d .official authority, jon the authority of ^yief'lartar- General of London, that there are »n -fcngland at the present day, no fewer than asventy-nine legally recognized religions, over seventy of which are different forms of this one true faith ! In the face of an announcement such as this, thoughtful men draw up, and ask with bated breath, ' Can this really be ?' Viewing this announcement in the light of the plain teaching of sacred scripture, or measuring it by the cool standard of reason, Bobe.r men halt, and ask, in amazement, is this really a fact ? Abnormal though such a state of things appears to be, it yet;, is really a fact, and may be accounted for on the ground that the people of that kingdom believe, either more or less, they are in deficiency or in excess, of the one faith under consideration — because a people commer cially, politically, and intellectually, great— a nation that shines amongst the nations of the earth— stands by, and, with folded arms, looks on, whilst inconsistency, like a huge serpent, ceils itself round and crushes reason within its folds. Nor are interested and shallow men wanted to designate the material glory of that co-'ntry the result of this state of things. Experience, however, reminds us that Divine Providence may not bestow the gift of faith on a nation, or may withdraw it, and yet not inter fere in the course of its commercial splendour. And amongst the numerous examples of this fact furnished by history, may be cited the five great empires of antiquity. The most ancient amongst these, Egypt, was once possessed of territory so extensive, that she numbered within her boundaries twenty thousand cities and towns. She had fabulous wealth at command She had attained the highest degree amongst na tions in the arts and sciences ; so high, that the sacred scriptures complimented her on her ex traordinary worldly wisdom, by observing that Moses, the great Jewish law-giver, 'was in structed in all the wisdom of the Egyptians.' And yet this great country had not faith. She i-iau luug i.L»au i/uc iiujtiticu mvttUMiiun oi ner oay — the light of patriarchal truth had gone out in her land, and she had become the blind adorer of the sun and the moon, and of beasts and birds. After Egypt followed the empire of Assyria, the extent and power and opulence of which, under the reigns of Ninus and Semiramis, are matters familiar to the student of ancient history. Yet Assyria had not faith. And when, by the genius of Cyrus, Persia rose on the ruins of Babylon, and became the greatest empire then in existence, when , the world did homage to the abili ties of that extraordinary man, and quailed in the flash of his sword, Persia was heathen, Persia had not faith. And when in its turn this great empire succumbed to the prowess of Alexander the Great, neither the celebrated 'soldier and general whose fame has filled the world's mouth for three and twenty hundred years, nor the numerous peoples (Judaja excepted) subject to his sway, had faith. Again when time, which sees the last of all earthly things ~ when time saw the ^Grecian empire, whose bounds were the circumference of the earth, subdued by Roman valour, and dimmed in the light of its glory, Rome waB unblest with divine revelation — she was shrouded in the darkness of paganism. No, faith is the pure gift of God— a gift which neither the unbending application, nor the great reasoning powers, nor the profound penetration, nor the might of the genius of the philophers, could either master or approach. ' By grace, you are saved through faith,' says the apostle, ' and that not of your selves ; for faith is the gift of God.' And, speaking in the Gospel, Christ has declared that His 'Heavenly Father hides the secrets of His wisdom from the luise and the prudent, and reveals them to little ones.' Thus the argument that would call a nation's material greatness the result of such a state of things as referred to, is unreli able — it is one of those arguments whic prove too much. From the consideration, Beloved, of the inspired passage laid down in the beginning of this instruction, and out of which sprang the few observations that followed, we are forced to conclude, that there is a futuie kingdom where an inconceivable felicity forever reigns — a future state implying the absence of all that can afflict the soul with the presence of all that can delight it — and therefore a future state to be hoped for — a future to be toiled for — a future to bs fought for — a future to be sighed for. Oh ! how precious is that faith, through the instrumentality of which we pass from this scene of a thousand sorrows to a destiny so grand, to a heritage so splendid, and how sad and irre parable is the loss man sustains when deprived of it, for, if he ' who belie veth and is bap tized shall be saved,' we must remember, alas ! 'thathe who believethnot shall be condemned.' But they say its fruits are not gathered in this world — that its rewards are nob found at this side of the grave ; and what value then is faith for those who believed not in a future 1 As suredly its more precious fruits are not gathered here, neither are its more splendid rewarde ; for what is faith but ' the substance of things to be hoped for, an evidence of things that appear not. ' Yet many and incalculable are the advantages which society derives from its presence. We are aware, alas ! that three-fourths of the human race, either know it not, or are unwilling to embrace it. We are aware that the notions of happiness, that the hopes and aspirations of this vast majority are confined to this world,, and bounded by the horizon of time, and that there fore for such, its fruits have no flavour, nor have its rewards the remotest attraction. But; though this vast majorit}' know not God, and either entirely disbelieve in, or practically ignore a future state, it is still unquestionable — it is still a fact beyond all dispute, that the Christian faith has elevated man to a position which, from a domestic, social, and intellectual point of view, he had never attained nor even approached under the most advanced civilization of Egypt, Greece, or Rome. Assuredly these great nations accom plished much in extending and enriching their empires— they also laboured to render their respec tive languages expressive, copious, and elegant and they succeeded— their temples and monu ments and various great public works shew the progress they had made in science and art But rich though were Egypt and Assyria, fertile though were Greece and Rome, in temples and in pyramids, in obelisks and in their various institutions of architectural splendour — they are surpassed by the beauty of Christian temples of the Catholic world. Nor could all their academies point to a scholar, to a single linguist, equal to a solitary student taken from the bosom of the Catholic schools— equal to a Cardi nal Mezzofanti. In science also they are left far behind by Christian scholars ; and it is only truth to state that the combined artistic talent of +? i e- great emPires referred to would be utterly incapable of producing the creations of a Murillo or a Rubens, of a Raphael, or an Angelo. But, Jet us turn from the less to the more im portant, from the lower to the higher interests of man— and behold the religious condition of the world before the introduction of Christianity. Read St. Paul's description of the moral condi tion of Pagan Rome before the birth of Chris tian faith, and though couched in terms the most general and concise, it is yet sufficient to appal the stoutest heart— to sicken any soul in which | lives the slenderest element of natural virtue, j And so general was this corruption, that even their philosophers and sages— men whom the world looked up to as the beau-ideal of virtue —were almost to a man stained with the foulest crimes. Hence, modern infidel writers, who would set up a comparison between the respec tive standards of Pagan and Christian virtue, are dishonest or shallow, and sacrilegiously dis regard the declaration of Christ, that 'without Him we can do nothing.' Immoral, therefore, and degraded was the world when the light of Christian faith first burst upon it. It was splendid to be sure in its outward appearauce, but was rotten at the core ; it was tyranny the most insupportable, it was corruption the most hide ous and vile, decked in garments the most attractive and beautiful. ' Its morality, as has been observed by a great philosopher had no reality ; its manners had no modesty ; its passions had no restraint ; its laws had no autho rity ; its religion had no God.' It was then, and how bleat was the hour, that Christian faith descended from heaven, attended . by a brilliant retinue of allthe virtues. It was in her serene light, that Paganism, if ever, looked stark and hideous. It was then true justice was planted on the scene of injustice— charity on that of cruelty — humility on that of pride— chastity on that of impurity, and liberty on that of slavery. It was faith which, penetrating every department of society, taught parents the perfection of duty towards children, and taught children how to love, honour, and obey their parents. It was faith directed and purified the mutual love which nature planted in the breasts of brothers and sisters, thereby rendering their home a second Eden. It was faith, in accents gentle but firm, which warned masters to be just and merciful to the slaves that crouched at their feet, reminding them that they too had a Master in Heaven. It wag faith which regulated the political order, by teaching subjects, for conscience sake, to obey the laws, and legislators, that their laws should be just, wise, and equitable. It is faith therefore which confers whatever of true peace may be enjoyed here, with that peace hereafter which knows neither change nor break ing. This is the heavenly gift — this, beloved, is the faith which to-day is being attacked by Satan and an innumerable host of followers, right, left, and centre. This is the faith which it is sought by an almost universal conspiracy of the unwise and the wicked, to bauish from the earth by dissociating it from education, by elimi nating it from the schools. A separation, how ever, which, from the majestic and immortal confessor in St. Peter's chair dowa to the youngest priest, and from the youngest priest to the simplest layman, it is aolemnly declared shall never take place— shall never occur. Blind, assuredly, and thoughtless must be the iufidels who dream that an irresistible phalanx of 260 millions of Catholics is prepared to stand by and look on with indifference, whilst by far the dearest object of all that is dear, whilst by far the most precious gift of all that is precious, is being wrested from their keeping, torn from their grasp, and trampled under foot. Do the infidels, in their anti-Christian fury forget that when the Church was numerically weak, and I may add, socially and intellectually weak, she still sent millions of her children, amongst whom were tender girls of twelve and thirteen years, to the rack, to the block, and to the lions, sooner than cease to proclaim Jesus Christ — sooner than yield an inch of sacred ground — sooner thau give up one tittle of divine truth ? And what are the Liberals about to give the world in return for the faith they take away ? Such principles, as will crowd your gaols — as will cause the scaffold to reek, and turn so ciety into a huge brothel— such principles as will introduce the profligacy of Heathenism — the dagger of the Revolutionist, and the raving impiety of the Parisian Communist — such prin ciples as will bring your sons to the level of the impious horde who followed Victor Emmanuel and his sacrilegious son into Rome : — men amongst whose first exploits are recorded the deliberate murder of a Sister of Charity, whilst on her mission, of mercy and love, and the smashing with hammers of inscriptions on which appeared the adorable name of Jesus — that inef fable name — the only name under heaven whereby men may be saved. Need I appeal to you as parents, as citizens, and Christians, to avert from your sons and daughters such a fate — such a destiny as this? Need I remind you that if a law of nature imposes upon you the obligation of providing for the physical wants of your little ones— for the wants of those bodies which so soou shall turn to clay — how grave, and how serious, and of what magni tude is the obligation of protecting them from etei-iial destruction— of providing for their eter ual welfare — of procuring for their immortal souls, by protecting their faith, a kingdom in heaven ? No, I need not appeal to, nor remind you, for I have only to remember the magnifi cent temple you are now raising to faith, at the call of your excellent and pious bishop ; a temple that would reflect credit on any city in the colo nies. I have but to remember the beautiful 1 convent' —those fine educational establisuuientsf 1 with thir architectural surroundings, and the* I manv tine churchesand schools — to which your 1 generosity has, within a few yeara, givent j existence, at the call and under the guid- j ?3 ance of Dr. M'Alroy— at the call of one ] | of the greatest priests in the southern hemi- j k sphere — a priest whose name deserves to be 1 | associated with those of Fathers Therry and ' i i M 'Encroe. No, fewer proofs, and a renewal o£ j ? these proofs by your presence here to-day, 1 would be sufficient guarantee that, as far aft \ least as you are concerned, religion shall never be disjointed from education, and that opposi- tion from materialism or indifferentism but awakens a latent power, which smiles at; the combined efforts of earth and darkness —a power which, whenever called into action, is unacquainted with failure. Nor do I wonder, since it is in this determination— in this resolve* ' I — have you, for nearly forty years, been educa ted by the venerable Archbishop, whose pre- j 8ence sheds a grace on this assemblage to-day— by that illustrious man whose virtues outnum ber both his years and his days. Nor do- I wonder, since in this effort, and & successful effort, has he too been ably and wisely supported by his suffragan bishops — by a body of bishops as pure aud disinter ested as ever breathed — by a body of bishops . to whose ability and untiring zeal the great works done in their respective dioceses bear testimony. For, if you pass in review the various sees of this great continent, beginning with Sydney, then Queensland, Perth, Ade laide, Melbourne, Armidale, Maitlaud (whose amiable, accomplished, and saintly bishop, now in Ireland, is so anxiously looked out for), Goulburn, and Bathurst, you cannot help being struck by the magnitude of what has been ac complished within a few years — you cannot help exclaiming, ''Tis the finger of God did this.' And speaking of the young diocese of Bathurst, that with which I am best acquainted, I can state, without any infringement of truth, i that there has been done, within seven years, a. work which would reflect credit on an able bishop of twenty yearB residence. I now wish I could repeat for you, word for word, the ob servations addressed by these zealous bishops from the Provincial Oouncil of 1SG9, to their united flocks, on the subject of a, godless educa tion—observations, which though coming within the range of the humblest capacities, are yet the offspring of a keen pastoral experience, a masterpiece of thought and. philosophy. Procure and read them, and you shall become immediately acquainted with some of the evils of an irreligious education. Bub time, beloved, warns me to conclude, aud I shall do so by re marking, that it is with a thorough sense of his duty to God, to soceity and to you— with the disinterestedness and zeal of a wise aud good pastor — that your bishop appeals to you to-day to assist him, to build an institution in whieft shall be imparted an education of the most liberal character combined with Christianity — to co I operate with him in raising a temple to science and religion, which shall prove a blessing to pos terity, au honor to yourselves, and a remembrancer of those glorious sanctuaries of learning and piety founded by your forefathers — sanctuaries so beautiful even in decay. He has chosen for this object a charming site — one already con secrated by being the last resting place of the saintly remains of the dear and accomplished young priest, who has just de parted this weary world — who died in your ser vice in the morning of his days — and who en joys', we pray, whilst 1 speak to you, the repose off the just. Had I, Beloved, ever placed anybody in this audience under an obligation to me — but J. am aware I have not — I should ask him on the strength of that obligation— on the ground o£ old friendship — to behave on this great occasion worthy of those who are gone before him — of those whose shades look down from heaven om this effort to ennoble man and glorify God. And could I only tell the ladies here present, but I dare not, of the degradation from which faith has rescued them, they would, pluck the ear-drops from their ears, and the armlets from their arms, and the rings off their fingers, and fling them on this founda tion-stone as a tribute to their divine benefac tress. But again, I have no fear that you wilL be wanting either in spirit or in duty. And may the prayers of the Patron Saint of dear,., distant old Ireland — of that Saiut under whose* protection she has faced and braved the storms of fifteen hundred years, and whose name this College shall bear, together with the intercession of the ever Immaculate Mother of God ascend like incense before the Lord to draw down upon*, it success, and upon you, God's choicest bless* ings. 'My Old Friend Homer.'— ('Every day must begin for me with my old Friend Homer — the friend of my youth, the friend of my middle age and of my old age — from whom I hope never to be parted so long as I have any facul ties, or my breath in my body.' — Mr. Glad stone, Dec. 3, 1872.) Scene : Mr. Gladstone* asleep — Ghost of Homer rises, and, pointing to a rabble of men ou strike on their way to Hyde park, says : — ' But if a clamorous vile plebeian rose, Him with reproof he checked, or tamed wifck blows, ' Be silent, wretch, and think not here allowed That worst of tyrants, a usurping crowd.' — That is Mr. Pope's translation of a passage o£L~ mine, Sir. What do you make of it ?' — Punch, A Good Pun. — There was one pun of Sydney Smith's that Charles Lever never tired of telliHgv Mrs. Wrote, the wife of the distinguished historian, appeared once at a s jiree with a queer sort of turban on her accomplishe I head. ' Look at that, ' said Sydney ; 'that's tie origin of the word grotesque.' A lawyer included in his bill against a client — 'To waking up in the night and tkinkiug about your case, six and eightpence.' 