THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER. ECBLISHKD HAII.V. PROGRESSION-, OCK KTG!!T.<, AND 01'11 IlESOUKCKS. SJJVDHUnST, THURSDl Y, FEB. 13. 1S73. , .THE EXTENDED HUSTLER'S TRIBUTE. A shareholder in the Extended Hustler's . Tribute, who has been writing to the Daily iclajraph, seems to be under the impression that we have charged the management of . thafc.niine witli some nefarious scheming for thejr purpose of giving an undue value to ' their scrip. Now we distinctly deny having 'done anything of the sort What we have blauiedi Uieui for is for keeping silence as to the -true nature of the find on Wednesday last. Previous to that day the shares were worth,!in the market, about 67s. Intrin : sically ;their value may have been a great ideal "higher. The mine, as we have fre quently stated, is one of the most important in"*' thej district-,': arid in fact is regarded of so inuch importance that the -prices of many stocks are governed by its position in , the market. v But. the incident of last w;cek has nothingt-odo with the valrie of scrip' to holders-to those who are contented to ?wait fo'r. results^rc\hich_everyGne ..acquainted, with the claim feels convinced will, sooner or later, accrue;: and we.have neither had any inten sion1 ofsayinganytliing iu depreciation of the pr^s^ects of the mine, nor have we done so by ihe remotest,suggestion. Everyone, how ever, is- aware that many stocks will not always! command their intrinsic value. But as,; with a fresh find, Extended Hustler's Tributes- should be well worth £5 10s or £5;12s, it must be admitted it was strange to find them; suddenly falling after having advanced to those figures. Therefore we -considered that a special report should have been given by the management of the actual iiature of the find, so that the public might know for certain whether this sudden fall was justified.. But a Shareholder in a letter to the ~~Tdcj~rq>lt,'which will be found in our mining columns, .accuses us of having slandered the ^management. If pointing out what was an | undeniable- fact-, namely, that no official reportj was published from Wednesday "10 following Tuesday, and cuininem ing on Unit fact as one of an unfair cha jracter; to the public, be a slander, then we inust ple'adguilty to the charge. But we deny that it was a slander; and a3 to our ")^^S "a. charge and whispering a suspi cion^ we certainly have done so, but not as-affecting the management; and a share bolder does not hint or whisper but very ppenly accuses, a ring of "nefarious 'bears:of the jobbing exchange/' yf " thimble- ! '-rigging" the shares. Tlria may have j "been the case, but we have not said so I ' because we have not been in a position to ? mate such-an assertion. It was very remark- ' able that the shares should Inve gone up! suddenly one day, and without any apparent cause, have gone down quite as suddenly the nest. What we wanted to know, and what the: public wanted to know, was whether there had been any " bearing" in the busi ness.; It was reported on Wednesday that 'gold had been struek" in the saddle of the reef. 'This :certainly afi'orded good grounds for a irise ill prices, and if they had been main tained, we should have had nothing to sav about the matter, except of a con-ratulator'v nature.... But when they unexpectedly anil \ unaccountably fell on the following day, it jvM reasonable to inquire why this had been the 'case. It was a matter of great im "rfrg^tance to investors, not only in this j 'particular stock, but in others which in " variably rise and fall with it; and we believe j >-Very general opinion prevailed that the bears V had been at work. As far as our' infprmatioa Vent, there had bean no altera- i tionlon Thursday in the prospects of the Tiling, and our reporter was informed by the jmiuing 'manager 'that very little more stone liad been broken from the saddle of the new reef that day. Shareholder" says that when the quo tations bad advanced rapidly, "the boars appeared on. the scene, with their rascal! v time bargains, and other dodges for killing the stock.*' But it is clear that the quota tions advan-.-ed in consequence of the report -from the mine, and it would surely have been to the interest of all shareholders that the operations of the bears should be check'-! by an authoritative statement. W< have to i-u,K:at, then, that as. this was not attempted, the management laid itself open t> c-jiiMi! e, and this we have said opeulv en.iu:;h. without hinting any charges or whispering any suspicions against the men connected with the company. We have not the smallest doubt of the correctness of ihe infor mation giv«u by the mining manager to our reporter, but from the legal manager's report published yesterday, there seems to have been a mistake about the finding of a new saddle, which it is expected will be shortly co.ne upon. That Mr. Kaye was convinced it had hc-en found, and that some stone was broken which showed gold, we /irmly believe; and the error, doubtless, was not discovered for a day or two. There may have been Some excuse then tor the reticence of which we have complained, as the management may have been puzzled what to make=of the state of affairs ; and we are ready to admit that a difficult}- may have been experienced in making a report. The report, however has at last been made ; and though it does not substantiate that of the 5th inst., we are still left in the dark as to what was the cause of tiiu rail ia prices, and it is probable enough, as "Shareholder" states so posi ti\ el\, that tlie bears believing there was something to operate on, did do some busi ness on their own account in this stock. " -Shareholder" is mistaken in supposing that wo have any "melancholy doubts"as to the future of the mine. On the contrary, we have every confidence in its prospects, and shall be by no means surprised to find the shares " worth a ten pound note before thv> end of the year." In conclusion, with reference to " Shareholder's" challenge to verify" something-what is not very clear -we can only point to the facts ot the case ;is they have occurred-the sudden rise ami extraordinary fall in prices, the retioencc of the management-, which may, however, admit of some explanation, and the final official . information ntfbrded by the legal manager. / < The iEnglish MAIL.-No intelligence was received of the mail steamer from Suez up to tho time of our going to press this morning. >| Sy. PAUL'S .Bklm.-The sliip Cuttie Sark 'arrived- in'Hpbspn's Bay yesterday. She brings tlie bellsiocSt.;Paul's Church. Wo congratulate Dr^Poimds .011, tlioir safe arrival at last.; Mr. Pofpi's "Ksiciithood.-The Age of yesterday states that ,," positive information is to hand that Mr. Duffy had the honor of kniglitliood conferred upon him in Loudon on the 10th January last." THE Submarine CABLE.-A telegram from Adelaide states that an interruption is be lieved to have taken place in the submarine cable between Singapore and Japan. THE Ejiu CREEK TEA MEETING. -The thirteenth anniversary of the Emu Creek school was celebrated yesterday with a grand tea meeting, which was tho most successful ever yet held in connection with the institu tion. The school was besieged from live till eight o'clock, during the whole of which time relays of hungry visitors were feasting within: 110 less than six tables were served, and it was fortunate that the committee had made ample provision for the satisfaction of all. The ladies who presided at the various tables had a very onerous duty to fulfil, but they bore the burden and heat of the evening with great patience, and did their best to please and accommodate the visitors, a large 1 number of whom came from Sandhurst. As they were served with tea, the people adjourned to the lawn at the foot of the hill ! where dancing was carried on; the music was I supplied by the Strnthfieldsaye Shire Band. Some complaints were made respecting the quality of the music, but those who were dissatisfied, perhaps, were not aware that the band lias been .but recently formed, and its members have not yet had sufficient time and practice > to . work > themselves up to a standard ' of perfection.' The proceedings : throughout'.verts; of: tlie most animated j character, "and; all seemed to find the enjoy ment which they canie. there in quest of. Tho weather was all that could have been wished for, it being a. delightful moonlight night ' To those who came from Sandhurst, tlie ride ho^ue .was not . the least enjoyable part of the convivial occasion. j MR. ; D. Kkstxedy's SCHOOLS.-A some what important .case between a local com mittee and-a late master of a common school j was heard in the County Court yesterday. It';Was that of Dawborn and "others v. Kennedy^ a trover action for the detention of school furniture, damages being laid at L-49. The goods claimed consisted of desks, forms, maps, &c.;, which were purchased eiirht years ago, when the- school was first started in Forest-street, by Mr. Kennedy, under the committee. In the meantime lie erected ex tensive school buildings in Mackenzie-street, at his own expense; and during March. 1S72, he severed his connection with tlie Board of Education, on account of what he considered the discourtesy of the committee towards himself. Tlie present action was brought for the recovery of the property alleged to have been supplied by the com mittee up to 18GS, whilst the school was being conducted in Forest-street; and the plaintiffs mainly relied on an invetuorv sup plied to them in that year by the defendant. Apart from several faw points which were raised and overruled, the defence was that all the goods named in that inventory had been used-up or destroyed, and irreparably damaged, since 18GS, except a few desks, itc., valued at L5 7s., but which were of no use to. Mr. Kennedy. As there was 110 evi dence for the plaintiffs to prove the existence or value of the goods sued for, the Court relied on the evidence of the defendant, and gave a verdict for the amount which he ad mitted the existing desks and forms might bring if sold, together with LI 10s. costs. CRICKET.-It is proposed that a match should be played this afternoon on the Back Creek ground between the B.U.C.C. eleven and twenty-two Bankers and Brokers. The eleven will be selected on the ground, and the wickets will be pitched .at "two o'clock. The following will represent the Bankers and Brokers :-Birkmyre, Blanch (2), Cuddie, Elliott, Fulton, Gibbs, Hemphill, Liddle! Lennox, Milburn. M'Kellar, M'Kenzie. M'Coll, Rose. Robinson, Swan, Stewart. Tattersall, Taylor, Thompson, Warne; emergency-Ryan, Brown, Patience, Bar foot, Barker, Gibbs. THE Bi'rkixo or BEST'S Dan< INV: Saloon.-The inquiry into the origin of tlie lire which destroyed Best's dancing saloon 011 the 19th January last, commenced on the previous day, was resumed yesterday at two o'clock, at Meagher's Builders' Arm's Hotel, and was not concluded until one o'clock in the morning, when the jury, after half an hour's consideration, found a verdict that Teresa Ann Russell, housekeeper for Best, had wilfully set lire to the building, and that Best was accessory to the deed by urging her to do it. They were therefore both committed for trial. Mr. Sravely watched tlie proceed i.igs on behair of the prisoners, and Detective Alexander examined the witnesses for the police authorities. Very great credit is due to Detective Alexander and to Constable Bernard Bradley for tlie close attention thev had evidently given to the case, and for the admirable manner in which it was got up and conducted, and the jury, to mark their sense of the services of these public servants, unanimously requested the coroner to " re present their thanks in the proper quarter for the able manner in which Detective Alexander, assisted by Constable Bernard Bradley, got up the evidence in this case, and conducted the ramr." (VxrKHi'L ITED STRIKE or Mixr.p.s AT Stawku..-The following letter has been handed to us for publication by Mr. R. (_Iur.\\. tlit; 1" resident of the Bendigo Miners' Association : -" Hiawtll Miners' Association, Slawell. llth Fobiuary. 1873 -To the Ben digo Miners' Association.-Dear Sir,-I am instructed t" inform y.u that the miners of Star;ell are ah..'it to strike 011 Monday, the 17th <11 stall!, as the companies here will not L'ive us tin: eight hours for a day's work and L'_' 10.5. We have tried in vain to obtain it, so . I am als" instructed to a-sk you to try and impress upon tiie miners of Sandhurst not to come over here should the companies adver tise for men. You will perceive in the BENDIGO ADVERTISER that the miners ot Jr-tawell are appealing '?> the millers of Sandiuirst not to come. Hoping you will do y.",ir Oe.'t er. ieavor to prevent tliem. I have the nonor to be, yours obediently, George W. COTTELL, Secretary." In another column will be found an' address to the miners of Beii'tigo, from ihe Miners' Asso ciati'.n of Stiwell. Sr. V alentlve s DAY.-To-morrow wii! oe the anniversary of Sr. A aleutine, on which i day the postman generally h;is a deal of extra work given him by the young people of both sexes, as well as by older folk, in the conveyance of love missives, and satirical .squibs. V\ e observe that the booksellers display in their_ windows extensive assort ments of valentines of the usual heart and dart character, together with others of any thing but an amatory description, affording a selection from which buyers will find no difficulty :u suiting their peculiar fancies. _ IT has been found l-ocessarv, in consequence of 1 inquiries instituted by the Crown law ntiijers. to order the arrest o: the ojfieial who during a recent inspection of the up-country otiic s "connected with the department w:is accused ol serious incu l3.riti THE hoard appointed to investigate the celebrated Drysdale case, in which a young man named Jor dan, chafed with criminally assaulting a girl, was permitted to marry her, and thus defeat the ends of justice, have forwarded their report to the Crowu Law Department; but in the absence of the At torney and Solicitor-General, the nature of the repoit c.icno; for the present be made public. -Tele graph. Till: TALE OF AX U.SI:E-;;ISIEKI!<» BOG wagged Itself in such a Strang".; Way at tlie City Police Court yesterday that neither the Mayor, the bar, neV the audience.knew what to make ef it. A man named Thos. Sharps was informed against last week for keeping an unregistered do<; upon the chain :ii his vard, and the evidence was so confiding when the ease was first heard (hat the Bench adjourned it in order to allow Sharpe to cull witnesses in hi? uetenee. On the ease being 'called on yesterday, the dog inspector, ami his assistant, swore positively again that they had seen this dog and others on the chain 111 Sharpe's yard on several occasions. They described tile dog, and even went so far as to tell his age. On the other hand, Sharpe denied that any dog whatever had been inside his premises for lile hist two years at least, and called three respectable witnesses who each swore that they were constant visitors to Sharpe's place, and lived beside his house, and that they had never seen so much as the ghost of a dog about, there at any time. The fence was a very close one. and it was even impossible for a stray dog to ] obtain admittance. As for a dog or two "on the chain," the thing was preposterous. The Bench thought that perhaps there might be some mistake or misunderstanding as to the I'KWC of . Sharpe's place, and asked the dog inspector to describe the yard he referred to t There was no mistake at all. Sharpo admitted the place described was his yard, and Sharpe's witnesses were quite sure also about their evidence. For once the Mayor was in a quandary for a while, but ultimately he dismissed the case. Sharpe said that " perjury-perjury of the direst degree " had been committed by some one* and the Mayor acquiesced. THE YOLUXTEEK.*.-The Light-Horse mustered yesterday, under the command of Captain Moorhead, atid were marched to the Back Creek .drill ground, where tlleV were drilled as a gan detachment by Lieut. Sibley, and considering that several of the members were recruits, and out for the first time, the movements, as well as firing, were executed very creditably. There was also a verv strong muster at the room in the evening, and two hours marching and sword exercise were gone through to the satisfaction of the Captain Commandant. The Rifles last even ing had a larger muster than has beeil the case for some time past, above forty rank and file being present, besides the band. The parade was tinder the command of Captain Joseph, Lieut. Anderson acting as Major. The men having been told ofi" into two com1 panies, under the respective Charges of Senior-Seigeani M^tealf and Sergeant Field, were marched through the principal streets, the band, under the leadership of Mr. iVortheote, playing a selection of airs upon the route in first-class style. Upon the re turn of the column to Charing Cross they were drilled by Captain Joseph in battalion evolutions, the majority of which were per formed from the halt. The various move ments were very steadily executed, both by the non- commissioned officers and men, and certainly reflected credit upon them. At the conclusion of the parade it was notified that "skeleton drill" would take place at the Orderly-room, on Thursday (this) even ing, and that an inspection of the corps wou]d bo held on next Wednesday, at half past five o'clock. 2TE\V INSOLVENTS.-Abraham Down Woolley, of Sandhurst, butcher. Causes of insolvency-losses in business, and having to pay costa incurred in defending action for damages. Liabilities, L220 lis 10J: assets, L55 Ss id; deficiency, L171 3s 3u. Attorney, Mr. Rymer: oliieial /^signeej Mr. Hasker. £ irst meeting 24th February, at two p.m. Alexander Augustus Munsev, of Diamond Iliil, Sandhurst, law of Huntly, boarding house keeper. Causes of insolvency-long MCKUCJ'S iii i«iunn, uejJiesoiuit m uusiuea.-. I and bad debts. Liabilities, L212 9s; assets, I L103 4s; deficiency, L14 5?. Attorney, Mr. Conant, of Sandhurst; official assignee, Mr. Hisker. First meeting 17th February, at two p.m. Thomas Willoughby, of Eagle liawk, Sandhurst. Causes of insolvency sickness in family and inability to collect wages due. Liabilities, L101 7s; assets^ L57; deficiency) L44 7a. Attorney, Mr. Conaut, of Sandhurst: official assignee, Mr. j li.wker. First meeting, Menday, 24th February, at two p.m. MEETINGS THIS DAY.-Xew Great Eagle Tribute, Hartley's, 2; Band of Hope Free hold Company, Bailey's, 5.30: Garden Gully Freehold Company, Quin's, 7; Great Ex tended Hustler's Maria Company, Snow's, 7. RESIDENCE AREAS.-At the meeting of I the Mining Board, j'esterda}', Mr. Robert Clark drew attention to tiie memorial of the Ballarat Mining Board to the President of the Board o£ Land and Works, praying that the existing law in reference to residence areas might be amended, so as to empower the holder of a miner's right to hold three residence areas. Mr. Clark, in very emphatic terms, condemned the action of the Ballarat Mining Board, first on the ground that the proposed change would afford direct en couragement to monopoly, and also because it was extremely difficult for miners to obtain even one residence area at the pre sent time. Mr. Clark also took objection to the form which the memorial had taken, in being addressed to the Lands Department instead of the Department of Mines, and stated that the object no doubt was to take away the power of dealing with this question from the Mining Department altogether. He moved that a committed be appointed to draw up a counter- memorial to the Minister of Lands, and this proposition was unani mously agreed to, several of the members of the board speaking on the subject, and re echoing the remarks of Mr. Clark, Mr. W. G. BlackhatH, the president of the board, slating that if the matter had not been brought forward he would have felt constrained tj bring it before the board him 1 self. Ben'Moo BENEVOLENT ASYLUM.-The superintendent reports tiie decease of Ellen Cochrane, aged iifty-one, a native of Glas gow, Scotland, »n the 10th instant, from tliarrWa: red-iveil within the institute on "26th October, 1ST'. AiTEMrTKii RAPS.-Constable Mulgovan yesterday am-sted a man named Chancey on a charge of attempting to commit a rape on a woman residing at Golden-square, named Lovitt, oil the same da\\\ lie ivill be brought before the City Bench this morning. THE Cnicc.--.-There was the usual large attendance at the circus l;ut evening; indeed there -.vere scarcely seats sufficient to hold all the patrons of the entertainment. The programme was the same as that of the pro vions night, ami afforded the greatest enjoy ment to all present. THE Minsikkls.-The performances at the Albion Hall last evening were for the benefit of Messrs. llaintord, Kelly, and La Feuillade. There was a fall house. The company were assisted by Mr. James Stewart, the tenor singer, and he proved a valuable addition t'j the troupe. The other members acquitted themselves in liieiv u^ial happy style, La Feiiilhtde's violin pl-jyi:;^, and Henglers dancing, being much admired. "Friday night wiil be the las: appearance of the minstrels on Sandhurst, and all those who have not seen this really clever company should not miss the opportunity. They are to appear at Castlemaine on Saturday night. THE Tiieatt.E in Market-square was not well patronised last evening, although the amusements provided were sufficient!}' attractive to have drawn a good house. THE No. 1 VOLUNTEER FIRE BRIGADE. A complimentary benelit is to be given in the Orderly-Room, on the 10th instant, to the No. 1 Volunteer Fire Brigade, and a great bill of fare has been prepared for the occa sion. There is to be a grand torch-light procession, and Hallas' City Band will head the march, and then there will he a balloon ascent. The dramatic entertainment will consist of the thrilling drama of " The Miser's Daughter," an interlude of singing and dancing, and a concluding farce of "The Unfinished Gentleman." It is hoped that the citizens will heartily support this useful body of men, as it will enable them to get rid of certain monetary difficulties through law proceedings with the Council, and also enable them to procure first-class material, so necessary to the efficient work ing of a fire brigade. 