AN ODE TO THE QUEEN. o Loj'al to thc îloval In thyeclf, And loyal lo thy laud, as tb Is to theo Hoar witness thal roraomborablc day When, pale as yet, au* fever-woni. Ibo Prince Who scarce had plucked lils flickering lifo again From tialf-way down the shadow of tba gravo, t Vast -with thon turo* thy people and their love. And London roll'd one tide of Joy thro* all Uer trebled millions, and long leagues of mau And welcome ï witness, too, thc silent cry. Tho prayer of many a race and creed, and cihno Thuuderless lightnings striking nuder sea Fj*om sunset and sunrise of all thy realm, And thal true North, whoreof wo lately beard A strain to shame us " Keep you to yourselves ; Bo loyal is too costly ! Friends-your love Is hut a burthen : loose tho bond and go." Is this the lone of empire: boro the faith That made UB miora P thf B, Indeed, her volco And meaning, whom tho roar or llougoumont Left mightiest of all peoples under heaven ? What «hock bas fool'd ber since, that she should speak So feebly't woallldor-wealthier-Hour by hour ! The volco of Britain, or a sinking land, fiomo third-rate islo half loBt among her sees P There rang lier volco when tho full city pealed Thoo and thy Vrinco \ The loyal to their crown Aro loyal lo t heir own far sons, who love Our ocean-empire with ber boundless homos. For ever-broadeniog England, and lier tbrono lu our vast Orient,and ono Isle, one islo, Tl lat knows not ber own greatness ; If she knowe And dreads lt we aro fall'n-But thou, ray Queen. Nor for Itself, bul thro* thy living love For one to whom I made lt o'er lils grave, Bttcrod, accept this old tmporfoct talo, New-old, and shadowing Bouse at war with Soul Bather than that ti ray King, whose name, a ghost, Streams like a cloud, man-shaped from mountain peak And cleaves to cairn and cromlech still ; or him Of Geoffrey's boot, or bim of Mall cort, one Touch'd by thc adulterous Anger of a time That hovcr'd between war and wantonness, And crownings and dethronements ; tako withal Thy poet'« blessing, and his trust that Heaven Will Mw thc tempest in tho distance back From thine and ours ; for somo aro Beared who mark, Or wisely or unwisely, signs of storm. Waverings of every vane with every wind, And wordy truckings lo tho transient hour, And Horco or careless looseners of the faith. And Softness breeding acorn ot simple faith, Or Cowardice, the child of lust for gold, Or Labour, with a groan and not a volco, Or Art with poisonous houey utol'n from France, And that which knows, but careful for Itself, And that which knows not ruling that which knowB To its own barm : tho goal of thia groat world Lies beyond sight : yoi-If our «lowly-grown And crowu'd Qopubllc's crowning common sense, Tlial savod bor many limes, not fall-their fears Are morning slmdows hugor than tho shapes That casi timm, not those gloomier which forego Toe darkness of that battle in tho West, Where all of high and holy dios away. 