THE SMUGGLER'S WARD. A STORY OF SHIP AND SHORE. BY SYLVANUS COBB, JUN. CHAPTER XIII. THE BELDAM. BACK from the house, through the dense forest that reached to the Loyne river, led a narrow, beaten track, into the intricate wind- ings of which the smuggler sped with his heavy burden. At a short distance they came to a small opening where ran a shallow brook that delivered its flood into the Ken. Here Darring- ford stopped, and shook the revenue officer from his shoulder, saying, as he did so— "You were somewhat heated with passion a short time since, and here is a wondrous op- portunity for cooling your blood. You will find the bed soft." As the unfortunate spy flounced and struggled in the middle of the stream, he managed to splutter— "You shall suffer for this! You are a marked man, and though you escape now, you shall not be long at liberty." "Very well," returned the chieftain. " I shall try and be prepared for your entertainment should you ever visit me again ; and in the mean time I wish you much joy of your bath." Darringford beckoned for Noel to follow him, and together the two struck off for the eastward. The narrow path became more and more intri- cate, but the guide appeared well acquainted with the dubious way, moving on with a speed that gave our hero not a little trouble of care and exercise. "How much further must we travel in this manner?" "We must keep the forest until we reach the Loyne." "And when do you think of venturing to re- turn?" "Either to-night, or to-morrow morning. Near the river is encamped a band of gipsies ; and I hope to obtain important assistance from them." "Assistance in what?" asked Noel, wonder- ing if his companion meditated the leading of a force back to the house to resist the officers. "In finding the papers which have been stolen from your mother." "And do you think the gipsies can know any thing of them?" "They may know much. Young St. George has often sought the assistance of these same people in his evil works, and he may have done so in this case. You may not be aware of the many and mysterious means through and by which these forest nomads operate. I think I should not hit very wide of the mask if I said that Jacob Thornton, under another name, be- longed to their tribe." "The physician who attended my mother?" asked Noel, in surprise. "The very same." "But from the manner in which you spoke of him this morning, I supposed he was well known in the town as a doctor." "Not in the town," returned the smuggler ; "but in the outskirts—about the thinly popu- lated verge of the forest—he is quite noted for his medical knowledge ; and, in truth, he is an excellent physician—one whose school and la- boratory have both been in nature, and who seems to regard disease as an interloper that needs to be quietly taken in hand and led away, rather than to be nursed and potted or roughly kicked out. His skill and success have found him plenty of patrons, and this gives him plenty of opportunity to become acquainted with the private affairs of families, which know- ledge he turns to account in more ways than one." "And do you really think he had anything to do with the missing documents?" "I am confident of it." "Then let us seek him at once. But—what if the papers have been destroyed?" "In that case we must have the evidence of him who stole them," said Darringford. "At all events, we will make the trial. The inter- ruption of the revenue men has not materially disconcerted my plans, for I had intended to seek the gipsies. They frequently assist us in getting our contraband goods across the country, and many of them are at my service." Noel made no immediate reply to the smuggler's remarks, but followed on in silence. The position in which he was now acting was a peculiar one. He had no definite plan of his own—no well defined object in view, but he was merely following at the beck of another ; and a train of circumstances over which he had no control had placed him where he could hardly be called the master of his own movements. That he was for the present bound to the out- law a fortunes there was no denying ; for not only were the highest hopes of life hinged upon the mystery which the strange man held in keep- ing, but by his unfortunate combat on the king's highway, the circumstances of which were known to the officers, he had laid himself liable to arrest ; and he knew of no surer method of keeping clear of the authorities than in remain- ing with the smuggler. An hour had passed since leaving the stream where the spy had been dropped, and the Loyne was near at hand. Noel began to feel weak and exhausted from long continued ex- ertion, excitement, and loss of sleep, and it was with difficulty that he kept pace with his com- panion, who seemed to experience but little, if any, inconvenience from the toils and privations of the preceding night. Darringford observed the youth's condition, and as the low murmur- ing of the Loyne struck upon their ears, he said— "We have but little further to go, so cheer up, and when we reach the camp you shall rest. But I wish to give you a warning before we arrive : Be on your guard, and let not a word slip from your tongue concerning your mother's death, or the loss of the papers ; for it is necessary that your very existence should re- main unknown in the gipsy camp." "Give me the need of this secrecy, and I may be better guarded." "The chief need is this, my boy : Rupert St. George must not discover that his rival heir is in this part of the kingdom ; for, should he learn that fact, he might checkmate us in spite of right and justice. He already has the move of us." "I see that point," returned our hero, with peculiar emphasis, "and I will in so far follow your counsel ; but—but—" "Well—'but' what?" demanded Darring- ford, stopping and bending an enquiring look upon his companion. "I was about to add that your conduct, in spite of all my reasoning, appears to me strange and incomprehensible." "How so?" asked the smuggler, still keeping his gaze fixed upon the varying countenance of the youth. "What particular part seems so strange?" "It all seems strange. Whatever informa- tion you have to communicate comes to me in detached fragments, and at different times, though it be a continuous story. At one mo- ment you refuse me information, and in another you communicate it. And, furthermore, your movements are—" "Suspicious, perhaps?" suggested Darring- ford. "They certainly would be, had I anything to suspect," replied Noel, frankly. "But I do not believe you are deceiving me." "Then rest assured that the time is not far distant when you shall be entirely satisfied. Ah,—here we are." They had emerged upon the western bank of the river, and close by lay a raft of withed logs ; while upon the opposite side of the stream could be seen the smoke of the gipsy camp. It was the work of but a few moments to set the raft across the river ; and ere long our hero, for the first time, found himself in the midst of the strange nomads of whom he had heard and read so much. There were near threescore of the gypsies, occupying a dozen tents, while upon the outskirts of the encampment were erected a few small huts of poles and brushwood. In the centre of the space was arranged the cooking department, where a few of the women were busy in preparations for dinner. The gipsies at once recognised the smuggler chieftain, and saluted him with deference as he passed. He continued on through the encamp- ment to the tent farthest from the river, which he entered, followed by Noel. The tent was oc- cupied by an old man, who was busily engaged over the advertising columns of a newspaper and who, when the curtain at the entrance was pulled aside, started in anger, and was upon the point of harsh reprimand, when he recognised his visitor. "Ah, captain,—is it you?" "Yes, Ethelred. You were not looking for me, eh?" "Well,—I thought you might come this way in your flight." "Flight?" repeated Darringford, inquisi- tively. "Yes," returned Ethelred. "I heard of your trouble, Or, at least, I heard that the beaks had tracked you to the edge of Walling Moor. Eh?" he continued, for the first time observing the youth,—"This, I take it, is the man that settled the lieutenant and his comrade. I heard of it. Some of our folks came up from the town this morning." "Such news flies rapidly, I see," said the smuggler, with apparent unconcern. "But I have not exactly sought your camp for safety. Had that been my sole purpose, I should have turned my steps in a different direction. No, I came on business." "With me?" "Perhaps so. At any rate, you shall know what I seek. In the meantime, will you let my companion have some quiet corner where he can throw himself down for a bit of repose, while we take a stroll out of earshot from your people?" "Certainly," said the gipsy. "The young man shall have as good a resting- place as my tent affords ; for he surely gives token of weariness." Thus speaking, Ethelred went to a rear corner, whence he drew forth a large sack filled with moss and fern, which he spread upon the ground ; and having thrown over it a few goat skins, he turned to Noel, and kindly remarked— "There, Mr. Bradford,—that may not be equal to a cot in the gun-room of a frigate, but you'll find it a very comfortable resting-place for a body that is really tired." Noel was somewhat startled by this ready pronunciation of his name ; but as the party which he had accompanied up from Morecambe Bay had known it, there was, after all, nothing wonderful about it ; so he collected himself, and kindly thanked his host for his hospitality. When Ethelred and the smuggler had gone, Noel laid himself down upon the bed, where he reflected upon the wondrous events that were crowding so thickly upon him ; but the weight of fatigue bowed his senses, and he had closed his eyes to sleep, when he felt a hand laid lightly upon his shoulder. He looked up, and behold the bright spirit of his boyhood's vision. The same celestial features beamed upon him that gave him thrill of life on that fearful night when the Hector found her grave ;—the same mild, loving eyes—the same bright effulgence of smile,—and though the youth knew 'twas but a phantom, yet he felt that there was to him a blissful reality in its presence ; and he felt, too, that the omen was of good to himself. "Noel," whispered the angel visitant, "once more, and only once, shall you behold me ere your toilsome journey be completed. Rest in peace till you are refreshed ; and when you awake let my visit give you new hope and courage. The goal is still ahead. Be firm and strong." Noel had no power to speak—no power to move. He saw the beautiful presence waste away into the surrounding shadows, and then, while a tranquil soothing influence settled down upon his spirit, he sank into a deep sleep. When our hero awoke, he knew, by the slant- ing sunbeams which entered beneath the canopy, that the day was near its close, and that he had slept long. He arose to a sitting posture, and was upon the point of springing to his foot, when he was startled by what at first he thought to be a creation of his own overwrought imagina- tion ; but a little examination proved it to be a thing of flesh and blood—an old woman—sitting quietly upon a low stool at the foot of the couch. She was habited in a coarse brown mantle, the ample folds of which reached to her feet ; while her hair, which was thick and un- confined, hung in masses of dingy, yellowish white, while here and there shadows of darker hue, where age had not touched its silvery pencil so deeply—hung low and tangled over her back and shoulders, and upon her breast. Her hands were shrivelled and brown ; and as they rested upon the cross head of the oaken staff which she carried for support, they looked not unlike the talons of an eagle. And her face, too, in its sharp angles and corrugations, and in the wondrous intensity of the brilliant gray eyes bore a very close resemblance to the physiog- nomy of the aerial marauder. "You have slept long, my son," remarked the singular being, as she caught the eye of the wondering youth. "Yes," returned Noel. " And I have slept well too." "So I should judge. The sun has told five hours since you slept, three of which I have spent here in watching you." "In watching me?" repeated Noel, arising to his feet, and regarding the beldam with a curious look. "Aye," she returned—"in watching you." "And for what?" "That I might speak with you." "Very well," returned the young man, who could not repress a certain degree of awe and respect in the weird-like presence. "Anything you may have to say will be listened to very at- tentively." "Then take this stool, and sit by my side." Mechanically our hero obeyed ; and having gained the new position, he waited with no little anxiety for further developments. "Perhaps you do not believe that the power hath ever been vouchsafed to mortals to read the language of the unseen," said the old woman. "I am inclined to believe when I have good and sufficient evidence," replied Noel. "And for that evidence you depend upon your own senses?" "God hath given me no other medium of evidence." "And what evidence have you of the exist- ence of the God of whom you speak?" "I have the evidence of the highest and noblest of all my senses—that inborn monitor that points my soul to a Power above my own— a Power that had wisdom to plan, and ability to create, my living, moving, and thinking system." "But that is the mere teaching of religion." "Nay—it is the teaching of the soul. If you would seek the man who can see no evidence of Deity, you must look for him among those who have too much of this world's teaching. But —upon the unbeliever's own ground—must there not have been a grand centre, or founda- tion-head, of all matter, and of all material form?" "Certainly." "And is there nothing in man higher than matter?" The woman nodded. "Aye," pursued Noel, with enthusiasm "man is possessed of a soul—of a spirit- essence or being ; and that spirit must have had an origin, and its origin must have been greater than itself. And, my good woman, the spirit of man, untrammelled and free, instinctively soars aloft in search of its Parent." "Then you are prepared to believe some things of which you can have no evidence save interior sense?" "Yes. I can believe that which might be scouted in derision by another." For several moments the beldam sat in silence. She gazed fixedly into the youth's face, as though able to read his most private thoughts. At length she reached forth her skeleton fingers, and took his hand. He did not resist, but suf- fered her to open the palm, and trace the lines that ran to and fro across the skin. "Well, and what do you see?" asked Noel, his awe fast giving place to contempt, as she began thus to operate in her witch-like avocation. "I can see little by your hand," replied the gipsy, scorning to take no notice of the young man's tone. "From these lines I can only read the past." "And that I know better than you do." "As well, perhaps ; but I much doubt me if you know it better, my son." "At least," pursued Noel, determined not to be trapped into even a seeming interest in the dark science, "I shall need no history of the past from you." "No," returned the woman, with a very quiet, peculiar smile—" Guy Darringford hath told thee all that." "And did he tell me the truth?" exclaimed our hero, forgetting, for the moment, his reso- lution of unconcern. For a time the beldam made no answer. She had dropped the young man's bond, and was in- tently studying his features. There was some- thing in the expression of her bronzed counten- ance that betokened a deeper thought than that of mere fortune-telling ; and once more he ex- perienced a feeling of awe in her presence. "Did he tell me the truth?" repeated Noel, with increasing anxiety, as he watched the woman's varying features. "I will not unsay what he has said," answered the gipsy. She spoke solemnly, and at the same time placed her hand upon the youth's full, high brow, and pushed back the wavy hair. "And yet," she added, "he spoke only from the evidence of external sense—from what he thought he knew. But let that pass. I can tell you of the future." Noel Bradford was not weak-minded, nor was he prone to superstition ; but the memory of his angel visitant, together with the influence which had thus been exercised over his feelings, led him to regard the pretended power of his present companion with more favor than he might otherwise have shown. There was, to be sure, an ominous darkness in the occult calling of the woman ; but then everything connected with his own affairs seemed equally dark and mysterious ; and hence he was led to an anxiety which might not have reached him had he been unburdened with doubt. "If you can tell me of the future, I am ready and willing to listen," he said. "I can read your future in your face, my son. The most important event of your life is soon to transpire. Good and ill are equally blended ; though, happily for you, an angel spirit watches over you—watching even now and here." Noel started, and gazed eagerly around the tent, expecting to behold his blessed visitant; but only the dingy, meagre appurtenances of the gipsy habitation met his view. "There is danger in your path," continued the beldam, without giving her companion op- portunity to speak, "and secret enemies are lurk- ing round about you. It is necessary that the business which brought you to our camp should be quickly performed." "Business?" "Aye, young man—business—the papers that were stolen from your mother." "Darringford is—" Noel hesitated as the warning of the smuggler came to his mind. "I know full well the object of your visit ; and I know, too, that Darringford is seeking for the lost papers ; but without my assistance he can never find them." "And you know where they are?" cried our hero, eagerly grasping the woman's arm. "Yes," she replied. "Are they safe?" "Yes." "And can I obtain them?" "On certain conditions." "Name them ! Name them!" "They are simply these : You shall deliver the papers to Guy Darringford, who will, as soon as possible, place them in the hands of a responsible attorney ; but you shall not tell him whence you obtained them until you have seen me again. You must return with him to Wal- ling Moor, and as soon as you have seen your mother's remains interred, you shall accompany the smuggler chief to Bristol. Will you pro- mise this ?" Noel hesitated. "They are the only conditions upon which you can obtain the papers." "I promise." "As the youth thus spoke, the old woman took from a leathern pouch that hung within the folds of her robe a small, neatly enveloped packet, and placed it in his hands. He felt that papers were enclosed, and he was upon the point of opening the end of the packet, when a heavy footfall was heard without, and upon a sign from the beldam he placed the precious parcel in his bosom. On the next moment Guy Darringford entered the tent. CHAPTER XIV. MYSTERIOUS HIEROGLYPHICS. IT was dark when Darringford and Noel reached the house which they had left in the morning, and everything in the neighborhood seemed safe and quiet. From Mary they learned that the officers had been there, but had offered no violence ; and, upon learning of the depar- ture of the smuggler and his youthful com- panion, they had gone out and found their lieu- tenant, and then struck off to the south-east. Guy was overjoyed when he learned that Noel had the papers ; and he had too much good sense to urge the point as to the source whence they had been obtained, though it was evident enough that he guessed the truth. On the following day the mortal remains of Mrs St. George were consigned to the tomb ; and as our hero turned from the sacred spot his feel- ings were wondrously varied. There was mourning and sadness ; and yet there was glad- ness and thanksgiving. The papers were his— the papers which an enemy had stolen ; and though he had not broken the seals, yet he felt sure that they contained the evidences of his birth and heirship ; and that through them he should find the way to his rights. No time was to be lost ; so, on the afternoon of the day of the funeral, Noel accompanied Darringford to the attorney's, in whose hands the papers were to be placed. The man's name was Maybury, an old and long-tried friend of Mrs. St. George, and a well read and successful lawyer. To him the papers were given, and their character explained. "And," added Darringford, "you are to examine, adjust, and execute." "Have the seals been broken?" asked the old attorney, as he took the packet. "Not to my knowledge," replied the smuggler. "In your presence, then, I will open them." The seal of the first paper was broken, and Mr. Maybury ran his eyes over the contents. A second and third were opened in like manner. 'The fourth was opened, and at the bottom, on the margin, the attorney found a cipher which puzzled him. "Here is something which I cannot trans- late," he said, after studying for some time in vain. Guy Darringford took the document, and for the space of a full minute studied the mysterious characters. Gradually a dark, ominous frown gathered upon his brow, and a perceptible tremor shook his frame. "Can you make anything of it?" asked May- bury, as the paper was returned to him. "No, Sir." "But it seemed to affect you." It was not the signification of the mystic figures that affected me," replied Guy, hoarsely. "I was thinking of the time when these papers were drawn up, and of her who has since died.'' "Then you can make nothing of them?" "Nothing, sir." "It cannot have been that they were put upon the paper when the body of the document was drawn up," said the attorney, at the same time examining the hieroglyphics anew. "They are written by a different hand, with different ink, and bear unmistakeable marks of having been made quite recently." "Never mind the cipher now," returned Darringford. "It is certainly no part of the instrument, and can have no legal bearing upon it. You can examine the papers at your leisure, and make the necessary arrangements for executing their provisions." Mr. Maybury promised to attend faithfully to the trust ; and at Guy's request he furthermore promised to keep the whole matter strictly private until further orders. After leaving the attorney's office our two friends walked a considerable distance in silence. Our hero saw that his companion was most busily engaged in his own reflections, and he would not disturb him. At length, however the latter spoke. "Noel, you received those papers from old Thamar?" "Thamar? Who is she?" "The gipsy woman with whom I found you conversing in the tent." "If you know the fact," said Noel, "there is no need that I should break my promise by giving you information." "Certainly not. I know the papers have been in her possession." "How so?" "Simply because that cipher was hers." "Do you mean that the old gipsy woman made those mysterious characters upon the margin of the document?" "Yes." "It is curious, certainly. Why should she have put them there when no one can read them?" "Read them?" repeated Darringford. "They were addressed to me." "But you could not read them." "Not in the presence of Maybury." "And did you, then, understand them?" "As plainly as you could have understood the text that stood above them." "But why should she have written to you upon the margin of that instrument, when she professed to desire that you should not know that she had had possession of it?" "She did not mean that I should have seen it until my return from Bristol," replied the smuggler ; "for she takes it upon herself to ex- plain a circumstance which is supposed to have happened during the journey." "Does it concern me ?" asked Noel. "More than it does me." "Guy Darringford," cried the young man, over whose mind the events of the interview with Thamar were exercising a potent influence, "I pray you, trifle with me no more. If this thing concerns me, will you not explain it to me?" "I wish I could, Noel. But, truth to tell, I cannot explain it to myself. The language is simple, and is of an event which is to happen to you." "But you must have gathered some idea of her meaning?" "No, nothing that I can comprehend. Only the event to which she refers can give us light ; and that is yet a thing of the future." Darringford spoke decisively ; but yet our hero was sure he knew more than he chose to impart ; or, at least, that he suspected much more ; but failing, after repeated efforts, to ob- tain further light, he gave it up. That night the twain set forth for Morecambe Bay. The sky was clear and radiant, the weather bracing, and before morning they were again upon the deck of the smuggler brig. At sunrise the anchors were hove up, and sail made, and before a fresh north- westerly breeze the brig ran out into the Irish Sea. Be- fore noon the Isle of Man bore N.N.W., and two reefs were taken in the top-sails, and the top- gallant sails set over them. At dark Holy head light was left upon the larboard quarter, and the smuggler entered St. George's Channel with the wind nearly astern. During the night the wind hauled around to the westward, and in the morning it had lulled to a perfect calm, while to the southward and eastward arose a bank of dark clouds. "There's a gale in those fellows," said Noel, pointing to where the clouds were piling up. "Aye—and a smart one, too," responded Darringford. "We shall catch it with the tide." "A reg'lar sou'-wester that'll be," ventured McDermot, who had the wheel, For a while longer the chieftain watched the rising clouds, and at length he issued orders for furling the topgallant-sails. As soon as this had been done, the yards were sent on deck, and a third roof taken in the top-sails. A light, spit- ting gust occasionally swept across the Channel from the Irish coast, but nothing to fill the sails. The clouds, which had been banked up in the distant horizon, were now rolling up, volume upon volume, in black, weird shapes ; and ere the seamen were prepared for the event, the sable mantle had shut down over the sea, cast- ing a gloom upon the dismal-hued water almost like night. An occasional gust came flitting over the Channel ; but at length the source of these spittings was exhausted, and the calm was dead and oppressive. Ere long after this a low, dull murmuring was heard, whispering of the coming gale, Darringford cast his eyes aloft to see that all was snug and secure ; and having calculated the direction of the rising wind, he pointed the yards that way. The men had just come down from the main yard, where they had been to make the bunt of the sail more secure, when to the southward and westward the sea began to toss its waves over into white foam caps ; and presently a few spiteful gusts came sweeping over the water. From an inky blackness the clouds had assumed a sort of brassy, lurid glare, which lent a still deeper terror to the scene. Life-lines were rove fore and aft, from night-head to taffrail, and from rail to rail. The brig was now off the Welsh coast of Pembrokeshire, the land not more than five leagues distant. Several smart squalls had heralded the coming of the storm ; and by and by the crash and the roar of the mighty spirit were upon the sea. The brig careened and leapt like a frightened fawn as the gale burst upon her, and for a time she was literally buried in the foaming, hissing waters ; but she had been built under the eye of a man who had anticipated such ordeals as this, and she was used to the warfare. "We must give our canvas a bellyful, and make a run of it," said Darringford, as the vessel arose from the first shock, and shook the brine from her head. "Will she stand it?" asked Noel, doubtingly, "She must stand it. The tide is setting up the Channel, and if we lie to we shall be driven and drifted ashore. An hour's run will put us beyond all harm, and give us full scope of the Bristol Channel." The orders were given for letting the brig off three points, and for bracing the yards accord- ingly, and also for setting the stay-sails fore and aft. The men trembled as they heard ; but they had confidence in their commander, and they obeyed. When the stay-sail sheets had been hauled aft the vessel flew through the water like a feather upon the bosom of a blast ; the lee-rail dipped beneath the surging flood ; and ever and anon the hearts of the crew leaped to their throats as they fancied they were surely going over; but Darringford knew no fear. He kept the stay-sails on until the rising sea had rendered them almost useless, and then he had them taken off. Nearly an hour had elapsed since the brig had been thus laid with her beam to the gale. It had been a fearful experiment ; but there had been no other alternative. At length, however, when the men had made up their minds that their gallant craft must be overwhelmed, Dar- ringford sprang to the wheel, and in a voice that sounded high above the roar of the gale, he shouted— "Jump to the braces! Lay aloft, fore-top- men, and stand by to lake in the fore-top-sail!" With the spirit of a new life the seamen hastened to the work, and very soon the brig was lying to under a close-roofed main top-sail. Tho rook-bound coast of Pembrokeshire was passed, and the men were grateful ; and yet they knew that there still remained a long and dangerous lee shore between them and safety. CHAPTER XV. A BOLD PILOT. DURING three hours the smuggler brig lay to in safety ; but at the end of that time Darring- ford began to entertain fears that she could not stand it much longer. The gale had increased, and the seas, which came sweeping in from the broad Atlantic, broke in relenting fury over the smuggling vessel. She was upon the starboard tack, heading south-east ; the Welsh coast not more than twenty miles to leeward; and she every moment drifting toward it. "If I thought we could make the mouth of the Towy, I'd put her before it," said Darring- ford. "How does the river bear?" asked Noel. "As near as I can judge it must be dead to leeward of us." "So I had thought." "Bradford, you have had experience. What would you do?" "If I had the ghost of hope, I should make the run, captain. The brig must certainly swamp if she breasts these terrible seas much longer." "She cannot breast them," said Darringford, as a huge mountain of water broke over the weather bow, and swept aft. " I must put her before it, and risk the result." "How many knots will she run off under bare pales?" asked Noel. "That's hard to tell," replied the smuggler. "The wind is strong enough to send us through the water at a good speed ; and then we have a swift current setting us to the east-ward up the Bristol Channel. Three hours, at least, would bring us up." As the chieftain spoke, he left the main brace, upon which he had been holding, and staggered across to the binnacle. His situation was perplexing in the extreme. He knew that his vessel could not much longer weather the gale as she now lay ; for she was completely under water more than half the time ; and to scud, which was the only other alternative, would be attended by fearful danger ; for if, by any chance, he should miss the entrance of the Towy, utter destruction was certain. The wild and rugged coast of Caermarthenshire was by no means a desirable landing-place in such a gale. "I must try it !" he said, as he stopped back to the weather quarter. 'You have counted the need, and the cost?" suggested Noel, "I have—and am resolved." Hardly had the words escaped Darringford's lips when a sea, far mightier than any of its predecessors, came rolling down in its towering majesty, and as it struck the brig it completely buried her in the deep, dark, mad flood. For a long time the stricken bark groaned and qui- vered beneath the shock ; and when she at length struggled up from the sea, her main top- sail sheets had been carried away, and in a mo- ment more the sail was blown into ribbons. "To the braces!" thundered Darringford, as soon as the dock was clear. " Up with the helm! Ease off to leeward! Round in on the weather braces! Steady! Belay all! And now may heaven help us!" The brig was now before the wind, and under bare poles. The log was thrown, but the fol- lowing seas " brought it home," and no rate of speed could be ascertained, though it was evi- dent that they were going through the water quite rapidly ; and, furthermore, a tide current of at least three knots was setting to the east- ward. "Two or three hours will bring our fate," re- marked the captain, who, with our hero, stood near the wheel ; for it will be remembered that the vessel rode with comparative steadiness now that she was before the wind. "Now's the time for your prayers, sir," said Redworth, who had the helm. "Aye," returned Noel, to whom the words had been spoken—"and now is the time for your seamanship, too ; for if you let her off into the trough of this sea prayers will not save your brig." "By the piper's cow!" grunted the mate, "it's easy to say ; but it's hard to do. Some o' these seas strike the rudder kind o' savage like." "Captain," ventured the young man, "we might as well be driven—" Darringford put forth his hand with an ad- monitory motion. "You think we need a little canvas?" "Yes, sir." "So I have thought. The sea is too high and strong for us as we are. Ho—topmen! Lay aloft and loose the fore-lap-sail! See that all is clear on deck for sheeting home!" When the gasket had been cast off, the star- board clew was loosed, and carefully sheeted home, and then the larboard clew followed. The yard was hoisted clear of the cap, and the sail was safely set, close reefed. "That's more like it!" cried Redworth, who, now that the brig was flying away from the chasing seas, found no difficulty in keeping her steady before the wind. Two look-outs were stationed at the fore- topmast cross-trees, and two more at the bows, while the anchors were cleared, and the cables got ready for running, An hour passed, and the brig continued to fly like a frightened bird over the wild sea. The decisive moment was drawing nigh, and men who had faced the king's officers a hundred times without flinching, trembled and turned pale before the invisible foe. Fifteen minutes more were told by the glass, and just as the last sand dropped, one of the men at the fore-topmast head shouted— "Land-ho!" The wind howled in fearful fury, and the mad sea raved,—but high above the crash of con- tending elements sounded that cry from the mast-head. "The chieftain seized his trumpet. Every nerve was strained, and the muscles of his her- culean frame worked like laboring cables, "Mast-head, ahoy!" "Hallo!" "How does that land bear?" "Right ahead, sir!" "Level your glass, and take a look over the starboard bow," shouted Darringford, going for- ward. "Take her when she rises. Now!" As the captain spoke, the brig rose upon the summit of a towering sea, and as far as the eye could reach the mountain crests were breaking and surging in the gale. Upon the right, in the far distance, could be seen the coast of Gla- morgan, while upon the left lay the channel coast of Pembroke. But what lay ahead? "What do you make out?" demanded Dar- ringford, as the brig settled into the deep trough, and the look-out lowered his glass. "There's a break in the shore a point and a half on the starboard bow." "Did you look upon the other side?" "Aye, aye, sir. The land breaks just the same on the larboard bow." "God be praised!" ejaculated the strong man. "Noel, we are safe!" "Safe?" repeated the youth, involuntarily clasping his hands. "Yes, safe! We have the Towy upon our starboard bow, and the Cathy upon our lar- board. Our haven is at hand, and every inch of the way is now clear to me." The chieftain took his station upon the heel of the bowsprit, to con the vessel, Noel standing in the gangway to pass the orders to the helms- man. Ere long the bold headland that lay between the two rivers loomed up over the sea, and the brig was put off two points to the eastward. On dashed the storm- driven bark, and higher loomed the dark coast. "Port!" shouted Darringford. "Port!" repeated Noel ; and Redworth gave her a couple of spokes of lee helm. "Steady!" "Steady it is!" " Starboard-quick!" "Aye, aye!—starboard it is!" A projecting cliff towered up on the starboard bow, and as the brig flow by it almost grazed her yard-arms ; but she weathered it in safety, and in a few moments more the helm was put aport, and the vessel was fairly within the river. The mad sea was shut out ; the gale was broken ere it reached the weary brig ; and the crew gave thanks when they saw the danger es- caped. Ere long the brig found comparatively smooth water, where the top-sail was taken off, and the anchors let go. She rode safely enough in the quiet river ; but her grateful crew were well aware that very, very few were the men living who could have brought her to the haven through the dread dangers they had passed. On the following morning the storm had abated, and the sun arose clear and warm. Darringford was in deep thought, and held him- self apart from his companions ; and as soon as he had eaten his breakfast, he had his boat lowered, and went on shore. It was 10 o'clock when he returned, and calling our hero into the cabin, he said— "Noel, I believe I shall go to Bristol by land." "By land?" repeated the young man, in as- tonishment. "Yes—by land." "And for what reason?" "For two reasons. There is a cargo of tea, coffee, and tobacco a few miles up the Cathy which must be taken to Lancashire ; and if I take the brig to Bristol, I must lose the run. And, furthermore, there are a frigate and a sloop of war in the Channel, neither of which I am particularly desirous of meeting. From here to Landaff is only fifty miles, and from thence a packet will take us directly across." "That may do for you," said Noel, hesitat- ingly ; "but with me it is different." "How so, pray ? You apprehend no danger?" "No—not danger, exactly." "Well, what then?" "Why, to tell the truth, my purse is getting rather light," "Oho,—and is that all?" returned the smug- gler, with a smile. "And is it not enough? My money is all in the bank at Liverpool." Darringford arose from his seat, and taking a key from his pocket, he opened a small locker at the head of his bunk. When he returned he placed a roll in the youth's hand, saying— "There, my boy—that you can have without interest ; and if you ever hereafter find yourself desirous and able to repay me, I will receive it back." Noel opened the roll, and found it to contain three fifty-pound notes and twenty golden sovereigns. He knew the character of his com- panion too well to object to the loan, and he thankfully said— "I accept the kindness, as I know it is freely bestowed. And now I am as ready to go by land us you can be, provided there is good con- veyance." "There is the best of conveyance between Caermarthen and Landaff. We can take the coach early to-morrow morning, and secure a night's rest on board the Bristol packet." That night all was prepared for the journey. At sunset the brig dropped down with the tide, after the cargo of tea, coffee, and tobacco, while Darringford and Noel found quarters in the town ; and in forty eight hours from that time they were safely landed in Bristol. [TO BE CONTINUED.] MUCH MARRIED.—A man in Arkansas is the victim of a complicated series of marriages and divorces. He supposed his first wife was dead, and then he married a second one. Two months afterward the first wife appeared upon the scene. She had caused a report of her death to be circulated to got rid of her husband, but on hearing of his speedy marriage she couldn't stand it, and so came back to plague him. The second wife then instituted a suit for divorce, pending which the first wife died. Supposing his second wife had got her decree of divorce, he married a third wife. But the lawyer of the second wife, it seems, had failed to enter the final decree in the case, and on the unfortunate husband's third marriage, wife number two had her suit discontinued, and claimed the luckless creature for her own. Thia disheartened him, and he attempted to run away. But proceedings were instituted against him for bigamy, an in- dictment was found, and he was arrested and held to bail. Poor fellow! ARAB WOMEN.—I have only yet alluded slightly to that which makes one of the great charms of Algiers. I mean the picturesqueness and variety of the costumes, especially in the old town. At first it was impossible to distin- guish the different nationalities of the wearers. But by degrees we learned to tell them almost at first sight. The most picturesque are the Arabs pur et simple, with their tall, erect figures, straight features, magnificent carriage, and dark eyes. There is one peculiarity about them, and that is that they always have their heads covered, the whole head-dress or capote of their burnouses being bound round the head with a thick cord of camel's hair wound round six or seven times, Their wives are shrouded from head to foot in white haiks and burnouses, the only sign of difference of rank being shown in the exceeding fineness of the stuff worn by the ladies, which covers them completely, only one eye being allowed to be shown. These poor women are looked upon as beasts of burden in the tents and among the lower classes ; while among the upper they are simply pampered slaves, whose one idea in life in to minister to the pleasure of their lords. Various attempts have been made by the French to emancipate them from this unhappy condition, but as yet in vain. On this subject, E. Cherbonneau (the head of the Arabic French school and a learned archæologist, with those labors we afterward became better acquainted at Constantine) tells the following anecdote, which was related to him by the famous Mussulman lawyer, St. Chadi :— A chief of the tribe of Haracta, be- tween Ain-Beida and Tebessa, went on some business to Constantine. A few days later he returned to his tribe, and, calling his wife, desired her to fetch four posts and some cord. She obeyed, when, to her horror the chief threw her down on the ground, lashed her to the four stakes, and, taking a stick, commenced beating her with all his might. Her cries brought all the inhabitants of the tents to their doors, and endeavored, though in vain, to stop her hus- band's arm. "But what has she done?" they exclaimed. "She is the pearl of the tribe, the best of mothers, the model of wives!" "What has she done?" retorted the monster. "Nothing. I am only relieving my mind." At last, being exhausted by his own fury, he condescended to stop, and explain that, at Constantine, he had seen an Arab woman, backed up by the French authorities, drag her husband before the court to explain of his ill-usage, and the kadi had actually given judgment in her favor! So mon- strous an infraction of Arab usages had infu- riated the chief to such a degree that he had forgotten the object of his journey, and only hurried home to wreak his vengeance, for the insult offered to the male sex, on the body of his unhappy wife!—Lady Herbert's "Algeria." A FINE VOICE.—A Western music critic thus speaks of a prima donna : "She had, and we suppose still retains, a magnificent voice for a fog whistle. Its compass was perfectly surpris- ing. She would shake the chandelier with a wild whoop that made every man instinctively feel for his scalp, and followed it up with a roar that would shame a bassoon." 