JOHN MITCHEL ON FBOUDE; (CONTINUED.) HERE Mr. Preindergast is quite wrong, on one point! Our historian knew very well that he was lighting a fire, and intended it. Moreover, he will get out of it himself without singeing a whisker by means of a patent fire-escape which lie has -invented. But now, some one may ask who is Mr. Prendergast 9 He is an author of whom Mr. Froude has himself made honourable-mention in this very' book, the "English in Ireland." He says (p. 134 ri.) .— I cannot pass over this part of my narrative without making my acknowledgments to Mr. Prendergast, to whose personal courtesy-I am deeply indebted, and to whose impartiality and candour in his volume on the Cromwellian Settlement I can offer no higher praise than by saying that the perusal of it has left on my mind an impression precisely opposite to that of Mr. Prendergast himself. Be writes as an Irish .^patriot—I as an Englishman; but the difference between us is not on the facts, but on the opinion to be formed about them. —Meaning that, in Prendergast's opinion, it was hard measure to compel all Irsh landowners in three of the four provinces, on a certain day in winter, by sound of strumpet an&beate; ofdrumme, 1 to arise and 'transplant themselves into the wilds of Connaught; but that in Froude's opinion it was a wholesome measure, intended for the good of the Irish themselves. But what I specially desire to call attention to in this place is the excessive discourtesy with'which Mr. Prendergast repays that honourable mention by the First of Living Historians. After having, by his " personal courtesy" (and something more than that) earned so grateful and graceful -an acknowledgment from so grand a prince of literature, this Irishman no •sooner reads the book in which so flattering a notice of himself is contained than he suddenly turns rough 1 and rude, and even ^brutally barbarous. He ignores entirely the compliment to himself; and is, perhaps, ashamed of it. " The twistings and wrigglings of this English viper"—such is about the best language he tcan find for his quondam acquaintance. Mr. Prendergast admits that he did guide the researches of our historian, and did furnish him with authorities and references, -sometimes directly, sometimes through others. • But he soon had reason to doubt •the good faith of this ardent historic investigator, and thought it needful to deal 'with him accordingly. In the first quarter of the eighteenth century, about the -years 1719 and • 1723, occurred certain -legislative proceedings in the Colonial Parliament of Dublin, concerning which some doubts arose ; and both Mr. Pren- • dergast and Mr. Froude were at the same .moment' labouring in record offices to ascertain the facts, and discover the documents. Mr. Prendergast found what was wanted. I do not enter here into the odious and indecent details ; but must do so before I have done with Froude. Having lighted upon the documents, the laborious. Irish scholar, in all good faith, thought he was bound to communicate them to Mr. Froude. Here is his own account of this matter in his letter to the Irish journals:— Now for Mr. Froude's treatment of this event. He knew he could not avoid it, or misstate it, as he has done so many other events. For, having met Mr. Froude shortly afterwards, making his searches in the State Paper Department at Dublin Castle, I thought it right to tell him of my discovery. But he was already aware, so he told me, of the fact, having seen the original letter in the Public Record Office, London. There was something, however, so extraordinary in the man's demeanour that I had my misgivings that he intended to miBdeal with the transaction in some way; so I published it in the Freeman's Journal of the 2Bth April, 1871. I confess I had great curiosity to see how he would treat the matter in these circumstances. The writer then reprints some words and phrases from this book, and continues— Let it be remembered that I had bound him with such strong cords by publishing the entire letter beforehand that there was no possibility of his misstating the terms or the scope of it; and then observe the writhings and twistings of this English .' viper, that, nursed in his youthful sickness 1 b£ the poor peasantry of Mayo, and since that day a frequent visitor to Ireland, seeks to epit his venom against us at home by publishing this book, and then immediately rushes to America to endeavour to instil into the English race abroad the same hatred he and his colleagues are filled with at home. . I mean to tell something of the matter which was in question before I have done; ' but in. the meantime it' is enough to arouse the sympathies -of all readers in favour of Mr. Froude, by showing the shocking manner by which his kindly , pve!rtures ; to Prendergasthave"been received.' It iB true no compliment from our historian could elevate the reputation of Mr. Prendergast, the author of the most perfect mongraph of one special and cardinal point in our Irish history .; but still it seems hard that the incipient of so pretty a compliment should hav^ no better return to make than refusing, the courtesy with both his hands, saying— " Keep off, yon English viper!" Is the time indeed come when these generous tributes from one literary man,to another, which gives such a grace and charm to the intercourse of lofty intellects, are to become of no account ? Is a gentleman who has received so flattering an eulogy from a great man justified in responding with a kick and a curse ? Let a discerning public judge. In the midst of all. this tumult of abuse the First Historian walks serene ; he is altogether impassive, goifcg calmly on the even tenor of his way, answering all hostile critics with disdain. _Mr.,Meline has vainly, tried to .worry him into giving some, sign, making some defence in the matter of Queen Mary of Scotland- and her "latest historian." | Yet the critic seems to have been aware from the first that he would get nothing out of the man. Says that inevitable citizen of Brooklyn :— That Mr. Froude at this ;or at any other time would answer the charges presented in " Mary Queen of Scots' and her latest English Historian" I have never expected. He cannot do it and better his position, and I am, moreover, sufficiently familiar with his " manner of fenci" with critics at home to know that he would not now attempt serious responses in a case of any gravity. Mr. Froude canpot reply to my allegations, because he Bays, " I am on one side of the Atlantic, and my books and papers are on the other;" iand he then repeats the plaintive wail mkde several years ago in the Pall Mall Gazette touching his gigantic labours with documents and MSS. " in half a dozen languages." But during all the years Mr. Froude was at home among his books and papers his most aggressive critics and those of bluntest speech succeeded no better than [ have in obtaining answer, explanation, or apology from him. In reply to the most damaging imputations, to the most offensive accusations, he had nothing to say—and, wisely, said nothing. It is an attitude of grand disdain, but this inevitable Meline does not like it. He would prefer that the historian would be good enough to explain some of those very numerous passages in which he has brought forward misquotations or palmed off mistranslations, and to expound how it has happened that all those '' clerical errors," as Froude calls them, were on one side, always going to favour the scoundrel he intended to whitewash, and to blacken the unhappy Papist he meant to cover with obloquy. Father Burke, I tliink, in his lectures only ventured to call in question one statement made by his opponent—a statement that, While the Americans were in revolt, the Irish Catholics, represented by Lord Fingal and others, went crawling to the foot of the throne, praying to be led against the rebellious Americans. The great Dominican said lie had searched for some such address, thinking very naturally that a document of so much importance would certainly have been printed ; but he . had not found any document answering the description, .although he had found, in Curry's Collection, an address testifying general loyalty. It is servile enough, (jfod knows, and is signed certainly by Fingal, Gormanstown, Dillon, Kenmare, and many others ; but. it says no word of America. Here is the historian's proud rejoinder in his last lecture :— I quoted a loyal address to G-eorge the Third, signed in the name of the whole body by the leading Irish Catholics.. Father Burke says that, though fulsome in its tone, it contains no words about America. As he meets me with a contradiction, I can but insist that I copied the wordB which I read to you from the original in the State Paper Office, and I will read one or two sentences of it again. The address declares that the Catholics of Ireland abhorred the unnatural rebellion against his Majesty which had broken out among his American subjects; that they laid at his feet 2,000,000 loyal, faithful, and affectionate hearts and hands, ready to exert themselves against his Majesty's .enemies in any part of the world; that their loyalty had been always as the dial to the sun, true, though not shone upon. This last line—is the historian very certain that it is not a quotation from Tom Moore ? At any rate, he peremptorily shuts all mouths by saying, " I can but. insist that I Copied it in the State Paper Office." Now, the fact is that nobody, biy this time, believes! one word that the First of Living Historians writes or utters upon his own authority. There are accordingly many still who will not believe that Such a document exists—not at least until after the Lord Chancellor of Ireland and the judges Jiave exhibited a certified copy of it in the Chancery Office, Four Courts, Dublin. With his head high, ;and lofty disdain. Uppn. Tiis countknafice, this Kaugh|y'^atvufe, thus finally brush6s Off the'ti i oulllesbme' swarm of his assailants, and wraps himself nobly n his. mantle; of proof. Closing his last lecture, he says:— ; - . ... ,Here Imust leave hith (namely, . Father Burke). J leave untouched a large number of blots which X had marked, for criticism; but if I have not done enough to him already, I shall wa?te my words with trying to do more; and • for the future, as long AS I remain in America, neither be,, if he,returns to the cliarge, nor any other assailant, must look for further answer from me. His own knowledge o! his. subject is wide and varied; but I can compare his words to nothing so well as to one of the lives of MB own Irish Saints, in which legend and reality are so strangely blended that the true aspects of things and character can no longer be discerned. This sarcasm about the Irish saint is in English good taste; being addressed to an Irish Dominican Friar. The Christian young men rub their- (hands with glee over so neat and cunnings cut administered to those superstitious Romanists. Yet, after all, perhaps,the historian has not spent 'much of his time in studying the lives of the Irish saints. He is more deeply read in the legend of that roundbellied French saint, the jolly "St. Ampoul, where, perhaps, Father Burke canot follow him. The main thing which we learn most - explicitly from this last paragraph is,.'that the malignant critics of the historian may now consider themselves safe from the effects of his resentment. There are fifty of them; and I am now emboldened to become the fifty-first. He will not notice any of us, his sole reply to one and all being " Dixi." Very well; although I should deem it a very high honour indeed if I could anyhow goad and badger so illustrious a person into replying, even in the most damaging manner, to me, I must not think of so flattering an encounter ; and as I have the book itself before me I can only comment upon its text as my light may enable me. So now for the book itself. At the opening of a " section " of chapter third, the historian, speaking of the situation of the country in the reign of James II., has this frank and satisfactory statement of the position of affairs The Irish believed that Ireland was theirs; that the English were invading tyrants who had stolen their land, broken up their laws and habits, and proscribed their creed. The English believed that Ireland was a country attached inseparably by situation and circumstances to the English Crown; that they were compelled to goverp a people who were unable.or unwilling tp'govern themselves; and that the spoliation.with which they were reproached had been forced upon them by the treachery and insubordination of the, native owners. Between these two views of the same facts no compromise was possible. Certainly not; and, indeed, everybody who has any interest in the question ought to feel obliged to the English Historian for stating the issue so clearly, arid for arguing it so steadily and consistently throughout his work. Mr. Prendergast expresses the hope that " The . English in Ireland" may be translated and published in France and in 'Germany, as we may be very sure it will be. In the meantime we have it in very plain English ; so that Americans (if they care) have the best opportunity of learning the whole case of our nation, in its relation to. England, upon excellent authority. I call it excellent authority for this- special purpose —namely, for ascertaining the genuine sentiment of the English' people—because all the ' author's historical books have an enormpus currency in that country ; and this one, above all ? is sure to be devoured by the multitudinous readers of England with a greedy delight. . I beg leave to commend it to them. I give my modest aid to. the advertising of it. In truth, if some' Irishman, possessed of the grim humour of . Dean Swift, had written these chapters with the intention of presenting the . English case in the most grotesquely horrible and offensive point pf view, he could scarcely go beyond our historian. One might -be almoBtiiiclined to suspect him of this malignant design, if the roan were a wit like the Dean ofSt. Patrick's. But there is. not a .ray of humour in his intellect; and when, he gravely propounds'' that, to term ; 'the " abolishing" of the religion of a people by fines, whipping, transportation, and the gallows, a cade of religions persecution is "a mere abuse' of words ;" and when he mentions as a'wholly untenable theory the belief prevalent 1 among the Irish that Ireland was theirs/he means no sarcasm; it is the most serious and stolid -British insolence ; riot intended to be laughed at .by any means, nor a .fit subject for amusement -at all. The thing has an odour of blood. Sjich words call up the ghosts of many generations of murdered men ; and 1 they are intended 1 and calculatcd to make more.suoh ghosts for ageayet'to'conie. i en ! W<«jfe<rte& by a majority ol 222 to 155 