WILL OF NAPOLEON IIL (l'o,m L'Ordrr.j In the latter part of December, 1872, the Emperor, feeling an aggravation of the symptoms of the disease which was so soon to prove fatal, and indulging no illusory hopes of the ultimate success of the opera tion which his physicians had declared to be indispensable, was anxious, before resigning himself to their care, to express in writing his last will and testament. The will of the Emperor Napoleon III is drawn in two very distinct parts. The statesman, the sovereign, the dynastic chief, speaks in the one ; in the other, the private gentleman, the father, the friend. -Motives of propriety, which it is useless to dwell upon, will not allow of our publishing -at least at present-the will of the private gentleman. The legacies and bequests with which the dispossessed Emperor has thought proper to reward certain devoted friends, certain faithful servants, either in the shape of rewards or as souvenirs, would only in terest the public in a point of view of morbid curiosity which it would scarcely be proper to gratify at the present moment. But the political will is a different thing altogether. This, from the hour of its author's death, belongs to history. It forms part of the immediate inheritance of the present generation, for whose instruction it was written. It will be noticed that this will is built up of a series of notes, thoughts, roflections, provisions, remembrances, written in modi tativo mood, during the tedious hours of exile. At the very moment when the E'mperor saw rising before him the probability of an impending catastrophe, he rested satisfied with the compilation of these notes, to which he was hardly aware that he was giving the last touch. This is the document we sponeak of, and which we print without reflecting or com menting on : "In the name of the Very Holy Trinity, the Fathor, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. "Made aware by unheard of misfortune of the uncertainty of worldly concerns at an ago when it may please Divine Providence, after so many cruel trials, to withdraw me from this life before I have boon able per sonally to fulfil the mission which I had dreamt of accomplishing, I owe it to the honour of my name, to my responsibility before history, to the future of my race, to bequeath to my son, with my paternal em brace and my ardent aspirations, such in structions as may guide his conduct, in the hope that Heaven, soothed by the over whelming catastrophes which has fallen on that beloved French nation, will abet him in his ondeavours to reinvest his country with its past glory, prosperity, and grandeur. " Weighed down by the most unmerited and most infamous accusations, I have hitherto left to history, ever impartial and every true, the care of my justification. "During the twenty years that I was called upon by the national will to manage the affairs of France I have reigned inde pendently of any care with regard to dynas tic interests or personal satisfaction. I fool the legitimate pride of being able to declare that I have brought that country to the highest degree of prosperity, influence and edat that it has over boon given to any monarchy of the past to enjoy. While main taining order in the interior, and opposing an iron hand to the baneful covetousness of the disinherited classes, I have brought all my efforts to boear on the moral, political, and social emancipation of the labourer. Under no other regime has the workman been in a more prosperous condition. Never have the relations between capital and labor been carried on in a more peaceful and satis factory way. "Notwithstanding the renown of military glory which attached to the founder of my race, I had dreamed I had desired to ex clusively devote my reign to those efforts of democratic and social emancipation; and when, at the opening of my- career as a sovereign I said at Bordeaux that 'the Empire was peace,' I expressed the most sincero conviction that was ever conveyed to Europe and to the world. "But next to the aspirations of my heart were the duties of the monarch, and when I was induced to draw the sword, it was never for any other motive than to defend, to affirm, or protect the interests or the honour of France. In Crimea, in Italy, in China, in Cochin-China, in Asia-Minor, the triumphs of my gallant army have exalted the grandour of the country. " At the time of life when I am ponning these lines in the expectation of soon appear ing before God, who will judge me, I refrain to set myself up as a judge for others. I leave to my son, with the recommendation of ultimately making such use of them as the honour of my name and his own may re quire, the complete series of documents which will show that, in respoot to the Mexican expedition, interrupted by imperi ous motives of international right, and also to that last and fatal war against Prussia, I once more had solely in view the honour and interests of the country who for the third time in the space of twenty years had by a signal vote entrusted its destinies to my keeping. "History will explain how .a ctries of fatal and unforeseen misfortunes, inevitable casualties, improvident advises, disappointed provisions, improbable results, ended in the failure of the most generous effort over attempted to affirm the prerogatives and pro. dominance of France., "An unmentionable crime has compli cated the catastrophe, and while at Sedan I joopardised my personal safety to seooure that of my army, and to conclude a necessary peace, in Paris brainless demagogues wore working the ruin of Francse by affording to the conquering enemy the spooetacle of a re volution against their legitimate sovereign. "A day, which is not far distant, will dawn when Fran!o will know the truth on all the facts and many other topics which have boon distorted by calumny and the animue of political parties, and on that day France, after undergoing so many trials, will recall to mind the twenty years of glory, hJappinoes, and prosperity which she owed to the reign of Napoleon. The in stiunte of the people are monarchical, and no monarory can reinstato France in a safer position than the conqueror of Austorlitz., "If Providence deooms my mission acoom plishod, and beqocaths to my son the task of carrying out this work of reparation, under the guidance of his excellent mother, my worthy and beloved wife, and that of the devoted friends who have remained faithful to moi'I advise him to revert to the print oiples which inspired my aots at the begin ning of my reign, viz., order within, peace abroad. "Europe has boon too greatly agitated by the recent wars of the latter years, and France may regain her prestige and her granddur without appealing to force. The reign of my son must not he one of reprisals, but one of reparation. Peace within and without. And should the necessity of up holding the national honour compel him to draw theaeword, lot him rely without fear on the courage of the French army, too accus tomed to see victory crown its efforts under the imperial eagle to remain bowed down under the influonoo of a temporary dis aster. "Lot him, at home espoeially, apply him self to developing the welfare of the working classes. Lot him beware of the enticement hold out by certain pretended liberal doo trines, which, under hollow theories, conceal cruel disappointments. "Lot him see that respect is shown to the legitimate prerogatives of religion, which constitute the basis of all social order. In awarding a necessary share in the manage meont of public affairs to the free debaters of the tribune and the press, lot him protoot tile country against the excesses of those dis cussions which prove such fruitful sources of barren and dangerous agitation. True liberty is order-order uphold in the in terest of all and every one. "The experiment of the last events has shown that nations are seldom grateful. France, who had done everything for the enfranchisement of other countries, found herself deserted at a time of supreme neces sity. International alliances should be founded on the interests, on the hopes, and not on rights and memories of the past. In a powerful, well-appointed army, clever diplomacy will find a sovereign help to its noation. My son's endeavours should all tend towards ensuring the soldiers' comfort. With a monarchy firmly grounded on a mighty army, France, without having recourse to arms, may repair the disasters of war. The calamities consequent on successive insurroc tions during the last two years have not boon able to shakeo the foundations of the financial prosperity laid by the empire. The empire will render that prosperity as flourish ing as heretofore. "But to attain this result, at the same time that it is necessary to proudly display before foreign nations the flag of Franoe evor respected, notwithstanding our un merited disasters-it is incumbent on the nation to insist without weakness, without concession, without compromise, that at home, the principle of authority which the nation will once more hasten to consooerate, shall be respected." 