THE HAUNTED HOUSE ON THB PAEEâ MATTA KIVER. IT WOB on tho 28th December, 1851, tho* eomo friends residing in nnd near sydney arranged fcr'a pic-uic up tho Parramatta Kiver, nt a spot famed-for ita pic- turesque beauty' Xt was to be a select party, and several high officiais and members of Pariiunient and their families wore to bo present. At an carly hour prepara'ions wera- progressing rapidly. Mrs. Kiloton's cook had tho bumper packed before breakfast uud was looking out for- the dinner rolls that had hecu onlercd. Mr. rrusselt was in hi« weil starched collar at eight o'clock to solcct the wines to be used ou the occasion ; and Mrs. Morris-, who was rather proud cf her houso keeping powers, had quito mada up ber mind, and told her daughter, too, that her ehieken pia, lobster salad, gooseberry tart,:and tba rosi of her choice disbos, wero superior to> any that could be produced by any hotly elsa that day.. .it eleven o'clock all had assembled on board- tho Firefly, a small steamer chartered for tbs- occasion. Old and young had met together resolved' -to enjoy themselves to tho fullest extent, nnd for ona- brief day nt lentt to " drive dull caro away." A3S look ed bright and happy, and tho lltilo Btenmer sped on Us way through tbe smooth watcra as some people seen to glido down life's stream, without u caro or sorrow ; but, like tho shadows on the silvery rivulet, sbivtowH will sometimes throw themselves- ncrous the puths of the happiest of earth's mortal», remind; i.ig tham that this world is not their homo. Am. I expected lonivo a minute account cCiihe party now bitting in groupa uuder the awning of tba-Firefly ? Must I teU how fresh and lovely Helen Dunlop looked, as-she anti her lively touoin Kato listened with eager- ness ts-tbo tales umi adventure« relutcd by one of tho youngofficuia of H.M.S. Ulundorbuna ? lo-ifc needful to- say how jolly Ev. Lucan appeared, or .how his amiable wife waa endeavouring- to describo har recent visit t»" Europo to au old German linty wHo had benn out ia the co.onj niace childhood, aud cjuid hardly understood the wonderful changes that had taken placo in tho Kntheilaod? I think my retu'.ew would rather have .-Mme of the details, of this merry party left to ba filled- ia by their own fasiil« iinagiuutioua. Th» wooded bunk a of tim river aro swiftly passed and many a yacht or other sailing craft left bekiiid. only to catchup nguiu, ns the wind fresbenu<l, to, the Firefly ore mather milo hod heen traversed Hut now tho point is passed where tho pleas uro seek«» lind to iaml und spend the day. lifcwas a lovely spot, the banks ltigà and rocky hore and gently slaping there, with sin nba aud ferns growing lmurmnt'y. in the deep hollows, c-e.'ect patches of vcrdrita; were to be found, nluiaot washed by tho rippling waters of tho re- turning tide ; and to ono of these little lawns our gay party betook themselves. Tba servant» directed by soma of thu uucSal members of tho forty, soon com meuoed their prostrations for the dim. oe, iv vf ry impor taut event in tho day's proceedings. The wines bail to bu iced, tho salad dressed, tho fire made to boil tho potatoes, all the-¿cod things unpacked and spread on tho damask tablecloths to look as mushjis possible like a grand entertainment ont nf doora. Thia is surely n mistake. If hcliOay scokors could put their dinner tables and appendages out of their heads for u timo, and content tbampoives with .sand-' wichesandfruit, easily packcdnniLovitTiiyed to tboirsylvnn retreat, how much timo and tioiiiji would ba saved, how j much moro leiauro would Matosi'o-^ilias havo to rest nnd. enjoy nature and all her beau!, , instujd of putting, herself um! liotty, tho cook, ii. . \ fever for a week previous, in case ber couti ibïtiu . ? should not como up to her neishlioura' in paint oft ci . i,.-.ry perfection. " Dinuar in less than au hour, .«.tug people." csinl Mrs. Kiloton, as sho saw iv.gromi, ul merry luces UL-k iug over Ibo rooks above ltijo-. " Ar.» wo shall certainly, not-wait for you," ndüfii her husbrtuu, ns ho took thu ntorniiiB's paper from biayoolict nud, tuth spectacles ou,, betook himself tonquiabouook, on a Heap of shawl«, tceujny, as ho declurml, uajfinceful balf- iour for thc first tinto'that morning. Bliss Ucnuthamp v»»Bdcrr,il nlung tho woiäc.\ path, nesysipnnied by Boms of. her young friends», until ihey Infill thu rest- nf ihciagarty f«r bebiud, ubctt.thoy carno ii sight of a largchousti having a very rygiectetl cnO ; ilísolnta nppearaDiio. Tho gardens were overgrown v;yh tweeds, and tho Arolteu finóos covered with, crecrir.j; 'plants, whilo sVujuhs and fruit trees Sifttv in luxuriant disoriloraronnd. Ata short ilistauce from this ueg'eeU'd dwelling stood n cottage, whitewashed and trim i Rud to thia huniblaubodo Aunt Jessie, »s BÏm was culled hy ber young favourites, directed her stjps. She wns wet nt. tho door by a comely IriBh woinaa, tvhoEo ootmtenunoe bcBpoksv good humour nud kinllilicss. Ii was evident to tho hateucrs thut these tiRo "had met beforo, for in quirks and answers ptiSEed. rapidly between them. At length Miss Beauchamp n3j;ea why tho houso wnB not j Inhabited ami in better repair. ' ¥ï8: ty;'11? lcPLIC'J that its owner, Captuin Power, WA triîd to Iel it, .' Dut euro, urns, it is of no uso, for everyone far and near says it ia haunted ; and »h«, barrister from -ydney came down and took it hehtót* give it np long before the year ha« expired, for hhiwifS was sois ckly and nervous that she declared thef. wore ghosts going up and down stairs all the night 1» Do tell us what al. this means ? » exclaimed Helen. " Perhaps thu good woman will giveusBome account of the family she has served for many years," saidAnnfc Jessie. ' I mero y knew them when they first arrived m the colony and lived next us for Borne time Katítl^ Travers was then yonng and blithe as y.m are, Helen" " Well, miss," said Mrs Bellly, «it isan'olditor* B?W.V bl£ 8Ure »t,see,ns ont aa yesterday to me old Mr. Travers died. He was a clergyman, aTbad°2 fine living in the connty Limerick. Jnst beforo a.«3 event took place that caused rich and poor to mouT His eldest daughter, wno was my foster sister WM married to her cnu-m Captain Power, she was as'eocJ as she was handsomo but it was Miss Kathleen whï was the favourite and pride of the family. Oh I when I speak of her it makes-my hi>art nebo to think of nil she went through. The Captain sold out of the arm» and brought his family to Australia. He always had Í great desire for sheep farming, nnd bought a fineaUtira on tho Mu-ray Miss Kathleen accompanied them for nothing could pi-reuade her to remain behind, althoogh her aunt, Lady Rochford, promised to leavo her all her fortune if Bhe would only consent to live «Uh.Lr in Dublin ; and, indeed, she had an elegant houso in Mer- rion, qnaro. But our darling preferred a rough bash homo, whero she could, as she said, assist and cheer her sister up, And wo I did she heep her promise; lot a happier homo was not to bo found up or down the banks of the Murray. Well do I know it, for you see, I was with the family all the timo. Pat was overseer. Wo wore married a few weeks before Bailing from Liverpool and Miss Kathleen was my bridesmaid ; and by theisms token she gave me this locket with her father'« and ( mother's hair it it, bless ber heart ! It wa» before tba family wont up the country, miss, that we lived near your aunt -"rs. Beauchamp, in Macquarie-street, aid sure you nro rij'ht in Baying that v.iss Kathleen wai merry and happy, like these young ladies. If yeaconld only have seen her along our weary journey to th« Murray, «ho was like our guardian angel, ns Father O'Shea would have said When Mrs. Power was com- pletely cast down and wishing, a» auro anybody wooli wish that thoy bod nevor left old Ireland, oar darling laughed nnd joked at all our litt o misfoi tune», as she called them. She was the first omong-t us who eaold ma Ho a dani por - that is, one that was fit io eat. She nnrs ;d and play d with the baby, and nlways put Miss Lina to sloop wheu her mamma and I could maka no hand of ht-r. Then, on the station, who was it helped mo churn tho butter ?_ Who kept tho accounts as well as the schoolmaster in tho parish could have dona? And who was it who was over ready to help tho traveller nnd tho poor man looking for work ? Ah ! it was Kath* leen Traver*, the best young lady in tho world, and sure I havo Boeu a few of them. Oh ! wisba, I could talkof her all day for tho mattor of tbnt, Two years after wo wont to live ou tho Murray tho o'./ioorof tho next Btstioo returned homo, und his nephew, yoninsr Norman Gray, was sent to manage Pine Hill. I una but a poor woman, Miss Beauchamp, without any learning ¡ but still I don't like to hoar people from the old country reflecting as they often do on tho young men in this ao ony - .' colo- nials," us they call t'hem. Why should! they not be ss good ns their forefathers, I'd like to know ? Is it be. causo my little sons Mick and Tim were boro out in Australia that they aro not to ho as honest, good, and bravo us thair uncles who fought in tho Peninsular War ? Mr Norman Gray waa born and bred in Now South Wales-, and a fin r youug man was not to Vis seen, no, ns Pat Bays, not oven in the county of Limerick. He was a real gontlcman. No ono was able to beat him in nuy work he wished to do j and Pino Hill waa-the-best managed station than on tho Murray. Sure it was soon Miss Kathleen found that out, andad vised CaptaiaPower to try tho samo plans, for you BOO tho Captain waa sot much of a hand amongst cattlo, sheep, or horses, ex- cept driving his_ buggy about ; so his station wis not paying well at this timo. Afterthoy bocamo neighbours things improved, for Mr. Norman gave his assisiinco and advice I must not say too much about theso happy times, happy for us nit, but thrico happy for oar dear young lady, for Pat eays when I begin I can never stop. >Vo had benn1 four years up tho country when it was maiio known to nil thu friends at home that Miss Kath- leen was to marry Mr. Gray. Captain and Mrs Power were well pleaser! ct it ; but as litt e Lina, their eldest* chi'd, had been ailing for soma time, it was thought' better that tho fbctily should como near tho sea for a > chango. So this-little property wan bought by tho agent . down herc, and afte? we were quito Battled Mr. Norman1 Gray joined the party- Ho wished his inarrisgo to tako placo in sydney. After two months had passed the day w-s fixed for it. I-could not tell, miss, all the beautiful presents our young Indy received. Even her aunt bod forgiven her for preferring n bush life to living in ber well furnished mansion. The old lady wrote that tbero was no accounting for young Indies' fancies now-a-days, but when sha was young they had just to do as they were bid. However che sent her neice fine presents ana a largo sum of money At the tima they were all hero thia was a very pretty 'place, anil many a pleasant hour was spent by the family in boulin? and fishing. Pat could sail a bout wei, cs ho had often done before in Cork harbour ; co tho Captain always took him with him. .-ometimes they, nil made oxenrsions into tho country, and took their viotuala with them But how caa I finish roy etory ? I must hurry over it or my heart will break. A weok before tho wedding was to take placo Mr. Norman heard'of bia uncle's death, aud that he had left him a large property in Ceylon, a coffee plantation I think they called it ; but it had been badly rnanuged, nnd his agent »aid. it required his presence. He urged that his marriage must take' place first, bat Captain Power would not hear of ic until his rotnm. So, after many sad scenes-, it WOB arranged that Mr. Norman should leavo for-ûvo or six months. But ob, miss, ho never returned. The ship foundered at sea, and all hands wcro loät. When the news- reached^ us here, it seemed too dreadful1 to bo true. I mu9t just pass over many months.. Gaptain ami Mrs. Power went back to Ireland, sad thought Mis» Kathleen would of course go with them) but when- all was ar- ranged, and the vessel on tho point of sailing for Em-ops she refused to go, saying sho would' never leavo Australia. Thoy did nil they» could to pnrsuade her to chango her mina, but to, no purpose. My mastery and mistress were obliged to, go home on business of Bomo importance, and. Pat and I wcro to have tho cottugc and orchard afc a. small rent ; sad we were to look aftor tho hausa.. So you. seo, miss, that oat poor young lady determined to stay with mo. There was no help for it. She was jjuuVlot do oo-she liked, asa*, for two years at least she wandered about tho houso-and garden, for nil the world like a- ghost. The placo got from this tho nnmo of being, haunted ; but I have often soil to Pat, that it would "be well if avery house- was haunted by as quiet and gentle a spirit os our daar Miss Kathleen's. The Powers did not return, in consequence of the Captain's continuad illness, aa&at; lengthen reply to her sister's repeated .entreaties, the dear- broken hearted girl consented to-go. home. Thoro sh» baa devoted herself to worlis.of charity ; and, wherever a sick or poor person is to be beard, of, thore will Miss Travers be found, ministering- to- their wants. This placo, as well ns tho station, willi soon bo for sale, and we oro only waiting to-hear- by/next mail, what oar master's wishes aro " " Oh ! do let us go through thaJlonse," exclaimed tho young people nt once, and Mra. Iteilly giving, her con- sent, off they wtnt, followed bj-Aunt J ossie, ponder- ing on all she had heard.1- By tho.time thoy returned to thereat af the picnio-pcxty, diuncr wasroadj and wait- ing. Question followed1 question as to whero they had bean so ong, lint. Aunt JÉE.ÙO said little, ana tho girls felt too sad to; talk lnuofa,. so no explanation was given. Six weeks after- tho. picnic-, as Miss Bisuchamp sat in he/ little po^ou^. writing, letters for tho Kjgjistt mail, hor maid c'&nio.to; tell her that a person, wished to »peniwltb her. ' fthqw hor in here," said .ant Jossip.ona as the door opened, nhe penoeihroil at a glano» that it was Mrs, Reiby, of thg/'-Haantod Houso," as-Aunt Jessie 6 young friends bad/napoctl her. A bright, happy Bnulo waa on her countenance, and in hor hand she held a letter v. »ich ehe looked,nt fetidly, from lima to.time. ** I thought mus, you. would perhaps Uko to hoar ibo gcod nows .wo. hive had ; BO I hove just como . .io toll you... Mr. Norman is still alive ! Ho was 'saved frora. tho wreck of tho vcessl bound for 1 Ctylon ; tut was taken prisoner by sorao Malay pirates, nnd detained Jour ong years on ono, of their 15'a°^|» and, lis Í ¿rs. Porcp r writes mo, was shamefully treated, so much to that hu health was iujucod, if «ot rained. Ho ut length nydo" his escape, niid waa brought to . Lonoorj. It was hisixrtention, ill aa ho felt, to taso his pD3sngo" at tyco in tho first vessel leaving for Sydn<y Hut heraius by chance that all thjao ho lovea host wore in Dublin, ho hastcnral thero : and Put has heerj. written lp. by Mr Gray t« havo tho " Hatintcil Hoflso '. put ia order aa soon ns yossiblo, na bo hos pur ohafad it from Captnu Power» and ho and Mrs. Uray , UTO to 'bo out in tbi» cou' try soon Suro mus, lni. almost bcsiilo mjve f, to think that wo sbnll indeed havp our dcor yonng lady with us again. They sa) slio is vflïyqTJÙ«t now. nnd docs not emito as often as. sho dvl in foruiur dnyB : but Pat is »uro that when suo ia living onco moro in tho old plnco, nil will bo right. And. Pat wa» correct in his vrophecy, for, a tow. months rift r, tho " Haunted House " wai inhabited, hy Norman Gray und Hi «ifa. who, if not aa morry ns, of old, felt contented and thankful for tho njcrcituj. escupo of ber beloved Norman. An innocent young mon in Dca Moines wns nsVcd by tho Kev. Mr Hammond, tho rovivnlist. it bo wa. labouring for tho good of his soul. "No, was mo . reply, " I work for Billy Mooro." __, BYDNEY : Printed «nd VMhAeà by J^^. BENNETT. Pole Proprietor, nt tho Boipiro OUioet [ Pitt-itreet Wfldneiday, 17th September, 18 a. 