NEW AND NOTES. Through pressure on our space we are com- pelled to hold over correspondence and other matter of interest. Now that the perch are coming up the river, great complaints are being made by anglers that they can obtain little or no sport through the action of one or two persons who prefer to use the net instead of the rod and line. Not to put too a fine a point upon it, this is very far from falr,-indeed it may bh said to be highly objectionable- and unless the practice be soon stopped, the visitors to the Latrobe, from Sale at least,will be few and far between. The license of Christopher King to occupy 76a Ir of land' in the parish of Stratford is revoked. The next licensing meeting at Foster is appointed to be held on the 10th instant, and at Wagra on the 25th inst. On the expiration of a month from the 20th ult. It is intended to grant a mineral Iease to E. S. Carty and other,, who will carry on operations under the style of the Stockyard Creek Coal Mine Company. The temporary reservation, by order of 4th December, 1865, of an allotment of land in Sale for Temperance Hall purposes, is gazetted as revoked. The temporary reser- vation for the Avon Road Board offices, by order of 9th October, 1865, has also been re- voked. \- The appointment of Mr A. Trench as issuer of miners' rights at Snowy Creek has bee's cancelled. Licenses under section 19, part 2 of the Land Act 1869, have been granted to the per sons named :-Angus Show, John Cheyne, W. Ross, Glenmaggie; J. Walker, J. Hogan, Toongabbio ; and J. Fisher, Marlrs. Accounts for M. Markley, A. H. Stuart, W. E. Gibson, and E. A; Paterson are now lying at the Receipt and Pay Oilcoe, Sale. In the Melbourne Insolvent Courton Wed nssday last, His Honour Judge Cope de livered his decision in the matter of the application for an unconditional certificate of discharge by Mr J. A. Rose, of Buchan. His Honour said he had been disposed to consider that a loss of 8,000 sheep from the station in a very short time was suspicious. The insol. vent had, however, stated that the sheep had died on the station, and the country thereo abouts was such that they might die and their carcases might not be noticed by those who had boon sent up to the station. There had been no evidence to show that the sheep had been wrongfully disposed of by the in. solvent, as had been suggested by tihe opposing creditors, and he thought such evidence might have been forthcoming if so large a number of sheep had been removed from the station, as some of the persons residing near there would have observed the removal. The ao count of the insolvent, he thought, was as probable as that put forward in opposition, and he should therefore- grant the certificate. The Creswick Advertiserreports a dreadful series of deaths from diphtheria. Our con. temporary writes "-" We regret to have to record the death of another child belonging to Mr Quinlan, namned Ellen, aged four years who expired at the hospital on Sunday, from diphtheria, this making tile sixth in that un fortunate family within a week or two. Only three now remain out of a family of nine, all healthy a few weeks ago." A meeting of the Sale Cricket Club is railed for this evening at the Club Hotel,' Sale. It is to be hoped that a full attend. 'snce of members will take place, and that a greater amount of interest will be shown in the sport than was the ease last' season. A meeting of the Malfra Club also takes place this evening. Complaints, long and loud, have been made about the r?tigh and unpleasant journey over land from Sale to Melbournioe, but the ex perience of the passengcrs who left the 1 Latrobe bridge on Tuesday last by the l steamer Avoin, en routce for the metropolis equals, if it does not exceed, the terrors of the " glue pot." Thle steamer, on its arrival t at tile lakes' entrance, was precluded fron effecting a passago to the outside from the I heavy weather and the dangerous surf, and I after waiting until Thursdday an attempt was made to reculh Port Albert, but without suac cess, for after bulfoting thle winds and waves t for some hours the skipper, careful for the safety of his craft as weoll us for the lives of his passengers, shaped his course right back c to the lakes. From an account furnised by one of tile passengers thie Avon could not have I reached thie entrance oce hour too soon, for the storm which prevailed immediately after is ties cribed as being very severe indeed. Thoseo who wished were seout to Dirnsdale by the Tomlmy Norton, and cinnb to Sale, whllero they took coach for Melbourne. The I passengers all ilpoak in high terms i? the kindness and courtesy of Captain Clark and his oflieors, although not a little annoy. aince has been expressed oil account of the delay to which they have been auijectel,. Practical experience is always of value, and tno doubt they can now appreciate the truth of the assertion of Burns that "niae mman can tether thus or tide." Thei railway will, however, ecid all these little inconveniences, and furnish its with an expeditiots maode of conveyance. Fancy from Tuesday last un til to-day on board a steamer bound for Melbourne, and not there yet. Why one 'I could traverse 'the e~istaince from Liverpool to New York in the same time. A lugubrious looking individual named Andrew Huttton, whose fuac looked as if it required cleansing with a ship's sernepr, made his bow to 1'r Foster, 1.il., at the police Scourt yesterday,- and then straighteoned himself up to answer to two criminal e charges, one of which was horse stealing, thel other larceny as a bailer. Andrew hIad " shook" a horse from William O'lara. of Stratford, and attached another belonging i to John Ilofen, of East Deighton, which ec centric conduct brought him under tile notice of the editor of the Police Gazette, who l kindly published of him a full, true, and par. ticular deseriplion that led to his falling iito the hands of that attentive peruser of light literaturerConstablo Smallman of Mafl're,who finding himn at Glenmnaggio, and fearfucl that if he wandered farther he would got footsore and weary, considerately oflred himn board and lodging at the expoense of a paternal go. vernment. As Andrew's acquaintances were not in court to bid him welcome home, and won't be for a week, he will for that period enjoy the hospitalities of host Cassidy. Impounded at Salo:-ChOesnut mare, MIt in circle oelf shoulder, star, saddle marked; brown" maro, 110 near shoulder, saddle marked ; black horse, SP or SS near shoulder, star, collar marked, bumble foot ; black mare, JL near shoulder, saddle marked; black filly foal, no brand, star, progeny ; bay horse, JR over - nhar shoulder; bay horse, O in diamond near sshoulder, scar under offi knee, saddle marked ; 'black mare, B in circle off shboulder, star and snip ; bay foal, no.brand, three white feeot, blaze; progenyi grey or -' whitoe hlorse, AR near shoulder, like P near thigh. If not claimed and expenses paid, to be sold Ootober 1st, 1878. hi. L. 1PATsins,r SPoundkeepor. \- The qcnostion of planinga punt on the Avon Sbelow Stratford will, we believd, come before the council for definito setleomont at their meeting on Tihurseday next. Somoe. of tlo ratepayers wish the punt to be placed at tie mission selation,' while others are" desirous that it shaould be placed at Greenwood's,' and n. am both parties are ready to deolare on oath that theirs is tio best site, the counell, if they desire to please both, will have to exer, rise a nie discrilnination. Thero Is, we are Informei, splendid timber some five or six' miles back from the-river, and thie convent. Sence of thie punt in' ringing over posts and' Srails willno douebt be duly'weiglied in tle fting of a site, especiallyn as most, or all the timber required for fencing purposes' 'o the plates has lhd to be brought from the Tambo for some considerable time past.. :' \- The first meeting of the Hibernian Society was held last night, when several members were proposed and duly elected. Dr. Rees was appointed medical officer to the society. The sohooners Elcanor Johnstone an Gippslander, which cleared out from lied bank last Thursday with full cargoes of pro duce, and which have been detained at the lakes' entance through stress of weather, were expected to be able to get to sea yesterday, in which case, if every thing goes well, they will in all probability arrive in Melbourne to-morrow. After the conclusion of the proceedings at the Avon Shire Cooncil on Wednesday last, an influential mooeeting of ratopayers of the western, riding took place, the object of which was to take such steps to protect their interests as the conduct of a majority of the coundcil had rendered necessary. It was as sorted that the object of the majority was apparently to rescind all the legislation that had led to the removal of the business to Maflra, and to depart from the arrangement long acted on that the shire moneys should be fairly expended in proportion to thei amount contributed by each riding. It was the undoubted object of the majority to crush under the iron hoof of flower all the men who had opposed their tyranny and withstood their intimidating attemp.tes. 'Vorking in harmony with such men was out of the question, and it behoved the rate payers of the west riding' to take eare of their own interests. They were situated in the midst of a large and fertile district which was daily increasing in importance, and which formed the nucleus of a large and wealthy shire. A great number of thie rate payers not resident in the western district would join them in their declaration of in dependence. It was resolved that petitions to the government be signed by all the rate payers desirous of forming a separate shire. Those petitions were forwarded to their des. tinstion the samo evening; they are now in course of signature, with a view to their be ing forwarded to thCe Executive without delay. A subscription was opened to defray the preliminary expenses contingent on the now movement. Mr Walter MacCubbin was requested to act as secretary pro tens. which he consented to do. Before the exciting meeting of the Avon Shire Council on Wednesday last, Mr Napper was supposed to hold the baslance of power, and to be able, if he chose, to prevent any y party from proceeding to extremes. At that. meeting, however, Mr Napper showed that he hadjoined theStratford partyand was prepared to cooperate with it in rescinding the resolu tions which had led to the change of the site. A great number of moderate nlen who care I little obout the olumgo of site, have been heard to express their hope that Mr Bolden will now do the shire the service that was ox pected to be done by Mr Napper. UIc holds the balance of power. lIe has a largo ex perience of shire business. No one knows better than Ilimself the disastrous conso quences that would follow a division of the a shire. ý ie has stated publicly and privatoly that the question of the otllco site was not worth the fuss that hnd-beec made about it. Although closely identified with tihe Stratford party, Ihe made admissions at the last meeting whicht proved that he did not contemplatet going to extremes. It is true he voted thatl the business be.removed back to Stratford, but he qualifelud is vote by saying that he only bound himseelf by that vote till the Mualfra offices were complete uand fit to transact busi ness in. Should that time arrive, the site I ouild be nc open qucstion, and he would cnot say he would oppose transacting the business at lnnfilra permanently. lie is reported to have stated privately since, that 11e shall not oppose lnif'ra as a site permanently, provided that the'buildings be made comfortable andl fit for office purposes. If Mr Bolden will i pledge himself at the council board on Thurs- I day to carry out the moderate policy which i lie has privately expressed himself favourable to, heo will rally round him many of the west riding ratoplayors who do not want to divide 1 the shire. . Tho second report of Mr J. Mackenzlo on the coalflolds of Victoria was presented to Plarliamoot on Tuesday last. From it we a make the following extract .-Crossover Lignite Deposit. In my previous report I mentioned that, owing to an accident, I was unable to examine two other alleged dis coveries in this locality, and before express ing any opinion I thought it advisable to have measurements and samples sent inme from all thedifereutplaces, the alleged discoveries be- a ing represented as of much superior quality to that being worked in the drive I inspected. After putting on men for a fortnight to pro. cure specimens, I have only received some fromn the original drive. No reference being made to the now ground, I am inclined to think that its productions are either inferior in quality, or that no lignite exists therein. The L lignite in the drive is of a very fair quality, but is at the present time of no commercial value in such a position, as it could not compoto with firewood for house fire purposes in any of your large cities, and is not suitable for locomotive engines." - His Honor Mr Justice Mo lesworth gave -judgment in the Equity Court Inst.Wednes day.in the, case of tihe Attorney- General v. HIion,.which was a snit to establish thes right of the Crown to the property of the late P. C. '4uckley, as having died without relatives, and for the administration of his eitato'e agatnat- Mesars Huod anl Mlitchell, the administrators. The application was refused, and at the close of his judgment His Honor made the remark that he thought court advio generally cost more than it was worth. Australia appears to have more than held her own at the Vienna Exhibition. A telegram mentions that 130 modals and numerous diplomas have been granted to us, and unless the 'gommissioncers have beoen strangely prodigal In' their awards, this numher of prizes must be far above the average. toferring to recent swihdles accomplishled or attempted lately at Sanlhicret, the cdverr. Usier snys -" It is about time that men of honesty and integrity should firmly and earnestly set themselves to the task of plncing the heooel on the serpent's head. Companies tiiust'get rid of the swiudlers andi jereucy-diddlrs, whoare too often entrusted with the mauageomcct of their afalrs."" So say we, and as the last remark may be applied with equal force to other places than Sandhurst;iIt might be just as well for those nterested in mluitng in this distriot':to road, mark, learn, and inwardly digest it : The second of a series of entertainments in aid of charitable institutions came off last night, when a concert of vocal and instru. mental ram.. o was substituted for the fares presented on Thursday last. Mlr M'Burney, conducted, and was ably assisted in the orchestral parts by Messrs Bock, Sayor, Russell, Browning, Herbert, Sprod, Kelly, TV. II. Carter, It. Carter and Dr. Raid. The chorus was composed of the members of the Tonic sol-fa class, who have, under Mr SlM'Bumey's tuition, made very great progress indeed. The instrumentalists opened the evening's amusement with a very pretty polka, after which the children sang the new Ger mean hymn, "Theo watch on the Rhine," ins good enough tune, but in anything but good I time. The next attempt of the class was better, and it may be said that the children under Mr M'IBurney's tuition displayed evi dence of careful teaching. The ralse, by Mr Herbert and Dr. Reid, was carefully executed, but the gem of the evening was decidedly the duet "hAlma" galop, by Mr Sprod, on the flute, and Dr. Reid on the violin. Doservedly, it was accorded an encore, and in response the musicilans gave a selection from Verdi, " Le Donna i Mo bile." Mr Crawford presided at the piano, and gained for himseulf te thanks of the audience for lhis careful attention to the busi neses entrusted to him. As a whole, the first part of the night's entertainment must be pronounced a decided success, and it will no `doubt be 'oly necessary to remark that the sooner those who have not soon the burlosque of " Chang-Ching-Foue" make the. acquain tance of that monarch the bettor, elso they will regret that the opportunity of soeinga colo nial eastern potnutato has been lost. Thursday night will be the last chance,. If Dr. Richard Spear were now a mem. bar of the Gippalatd i ining Board.,ho would have a glorious opportunity at the. next meoting of that body of indulging in a flow of his very peculiar eloquence. lie ueod often to stigmatise the other members as incompetents, and, with one hand under his coat tails and the other extended on. a level with the chairman's nose,. asstrt that all mining wisdom was centred in himself, and, though it was fashionable thou to laugh at him, time is beginning to show that the eccentrio doctor was more than halt right. Some three years ago their'wisdome,, the Board, framed new Lye-laws, which were duly forwarded to the Crown law olficers to be certitled, but,-and we are almost afraid to write it, for fear of being considered a lineal descendant of Baron Alanchauaen that - much to be desired consummation Ias not yet come to pass. Five or six times have those byselaws been returned to the Board for alteration, and as ofters as they were altered sed sent back to the Crorwn law officers, the members congratulated them. selves they were bound to be right thcat time. They never have been right, however, ancd judging by appearancees, ever will be, as a few days ago they were again returned to the Board for still further amcndmnent, and probably when they are amende.l, or tried to be amended, will be returned once more. The miners of the district have mtuoh to he theukful for icl havihg men wiloe devote themselves so assiduously to promote their interests, and at the same tisme do their best by oecupying tlhemlselves in" tinkering to earn the pittance doled out to them by go. vurnment for their berviee. This is from 'a Warrneambool police re. port:-." In extenuation of hise conduct the husband pleaded the temper of his. lately wedded spouse, describing it as 'nasty.' 'You should have ascertained all about that before getting narried,' said the police maugistrate. 'Site was too artful to let me, was the reply of the unlucky Benedict. A comforting assurance from Mr Laeo that many men were in a like predicament, and that he would just have to make the best of his bargain, good or bad, closed the colloquy." A pleasant anticipation. The Creswiec A dverliser thinks there is danger of leprosy boingecommunicated by the Chinese in this colony to the whole population, as has been the case in the island of Hawtaii. \- The mail letters mention that Sir James and Lady M?Culloch had engaged passages in Messrs. Money Wigramn and Sons' splendid steamship Somersetshire, which was to leave London on or about 20th July, and may be expected hero about 20th September. Misers are to be discovered even in Vic toria. An old man named Webster, who was living in an abject miserable condition at Sandhurst, was discovered dead re cently, with over £200 in notes and gold cunningly concealed abdut his person, and in various parts of his ibt. The Castlemailnce Representatlve of Thurs day says :-" Wardill was seen at Riddeil's Creek, disguised, aned with his face dyed. It was noticed atithe place where he stopped that he washed neither his Ihands nor face. Ii e evidently avoided main tracks, and possibly by this time twill be in Nuw South Wales by.crossing the Murray. This.will involve dillieulty and delay in the capture of VWardill (who, it may be mentioned, has money concealed about hism), as the detec. tive say that there is no extradition treaty between Victoria and New South .Wales, and, consequently, a judge's order may have to.bo obtained before he can be legally arrested i, the slaiter"oloy.??': In the Legislative Council on Wednesday, in answver to Mr W. O. A'Beokett, Mir Fraser said that the Railway Cunestruction Bill, to be introducedhby the government during ·the present session, would iuOludo the line to Gippelund. The application 'of Thomas Poole, of Jericho, storekeeper, for an unconditional certificate caome on for hearing before Judge Noeel in the Melbourne Insolvent Court on Fridaly, but was oppjosed by several firms in town one the grounds that the insolvent had quitted the colony with property beloegilng to the estate, that he had not sequestrated his estate whenc requested to do so, anel that he had removed property of the value of over £10O after sequestration. The hearing of tic casowas Fostponed for ehoe week; owc ing to lhoe absence of' a material witness. The agrionltural correspondent of the Indepedance Jlelge reonarkl that the great difference between English aogrlculttral ma. chiunery and implements, and thiose produced by other countries, Is that the makers of tice first know how to adapt theiras to the vary ing conditions of the countries for whichb they are destined with referenc to olimate, soil,. aud habits, while those 'iron other countries are adapted only for the country where they wore manufactured,. In reply to Mr F. L Smyth in the Assembly on Wednesday evening, Mr Cohen explained that Bendoo being situated an the eastern border of the colony, was not sup. plied with goods by or across the Mauray to which only the Border treaty applies, and there being no arrangement regarding " border trade," exizSci the goods were imported by or across thb river Murray, he could not place Bendoc on the same footing as border towns on the Murray. With respect to leases of runs in Glppsland, Mr Casey informed Mr Mason in the HIoune on Wednesday last that he would postpone the day for receiving tenders for leases, if he found, on inquiry, a postponement was necessary. Thle subject of the courts at Donnelly's. Creek and Edwarde' Reef was brought upin the Assembly on Wednesday by Mr F. L. Smyth, who called the attention of the hon. the Solicitor-General to the rumor that the warden.of the court of mines, and magis trate of the petty sessions court at Don. nelly's Creek and Edwardn' Reef, had applied te suppress the courts in consequence of the recent withdrawal of the police force from. ,these places, and naked whether it was the intention of the Solicitor-General to take any, and what steps, to cause the police force to. be again posated at, those stations, and continue said courts. Mr Kerferd replied that the polices magistrate had re ported that the population at these places had migrated, but promised that further inquiries should be made before any steps were taken. Angelk and ministers of grace defend us I The GeelonU, Advertier says that at Fresh. water Creek the Education Department has taken for a sthool a deserted paling; struc ture, where a man namedl Passall hanged himsell about a yeas ago, and which has since earned the reputation of beink haunted by his. perturbed. apirit. Since the matter has got wind among the school obihilro they talk of nothiny but gonbns and ghosts. It is said that ii the Beard. of Advise had conteol in. the matter of erecting school buildings, all the trouble that has occurred woul have been. obviatled, 