Ghosts and GtfbUns. IT would be easy to fill page after page with the'details of the various ideas entertained aboiit ghosts, goblins, and demon p. Such ideas extend not only to tho appearance of such beings, their apparel, 'appurtenances, and so on, but'to 'the'noises uhich they make either of themselves or by means of various supernatural objects which they are supposed to earrvtibout with them. Thus,— The slieefod dead Did speak arid gihhor in (he lioman streets A little ere the mightiest *Tuiius fell. And it is to be noted that as ghosts commonly show no face,'few have been known to speak with full voice. This may be because the noises heard at the hours when ghosts are seen are not such as can be by any possibility mistaken for the'human voice in its ordinary tones, while, nevertheless, an excited imagination, can frame spoken words out of the strange sounds which can bo heard in almost every house in the stillness of night. This also serves to account for the notion that ghosts can clank chains, or make Other dismal noises. Sounds heard at night are highly deceptive; a small noise close by is taken for a loud noise at a distance (not necessarily a verv great distance ;) and a noise made by objects of one kind will be mistaken for : noises made by objects of a different kind altogether. A friend of mine told me he had been disturbed two nights running by a sound as of an army tramping down a road which passed some 200 yards from bis house, but he found the third night that the noise was produced by a clock in the next house, the clock having been newly placed against the party-wall. We all know Carlyle's story of the ghostly voice heard each evening by a low-spirited man,—a voice as if of one, in like doleful dumps, proclaiming, "once I was hap-hap-happy, but now I am meeserable,"—and how the ghost resolved itself into a rustv kitchen-jack. There is a case of a lady who began to think herself the victim of some delusion, and perhaps threatened by approaching illness, because each nigh*, about a quarter of an hour after she had gone to bed, she heard a hideous din in the neighborhood of her house, or else (she was uncertain which) in some distant room. The noise was in,reality the slightest possible creak (within a few feet of her pillow, however,) and produced by the door of a wardrobe which she closed every night just before getting into bed. The door, about a quarter of an hour after being closed, recovered its position of rest, slightly beyond which it had been pushed in closing. Tn another case, the crawling of a snail acroos a window produced sounds which were mistaken for (he strains of loud but distant music. It is, perhaps, not going too far to say that out modern spirits, who deal in noise- making as well as in furniture-tilting fofyet more marvellous feats we say nothinO y • 4 i vi a V ,r'/ are not acquainted with the means by which H ; a • a \ ' tne ear may be deceived as in the cases just considered. Some sounds said to be heard during dark seances suggest the suspicion. It will be seen that the opinion to which I incline—as the best and perhaps only natural interpretation of events supposed to be supernatural—is that real sights and sounds are modified by the imagination, either excited or diseased, into seemingly supernatural occurrences. It does not seem to me likely that in any large proportiou of recorded (and presumably veracious) ghoststories there has been an actual phantom of the brain. Such phantoms are sometimes seen, no doubt, aud uureal voices are sometimes heard; but the condition of the brain which leads to such effects must be regarded as altogether exceptional. Certainly it is not common. On the contrary; the play of fancy by which images are formed from objects in no way connected with the picture raised in the mind is a common phenomenon. Although some minds possess the faculty more iully than others, few actually waut it. I suppose there is not one person in a thousand who cannot see 11 faces in the fire," for instance, though to some the pictures so produced are much more vivid than to others.— Vernhill Magazine. 