ST. JOHN'S CHURCH. SABBATH EVENING LECTURES. The third lecture of the series was delivered last night, in St. John's Presbyterian Church, Macquarie-street by the Rev. James Scott. The church was well attended. The subject chosen was, "Who is a Christian minister?" The preacher selected as his text Acts xx. 28 : "Take heed therefore unto your selves, and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers to feed the Church of God." Mr. Scott began by stating that it was the appropriate prayer of an old author that " God would give unto his Church pious and faithful pastors." This should be the unceasing prayer of every true Christian as he contemplates the ministry in the Christian Church, and the end which, it is designed by God to accomplish in the world. The ministry was designed, first for the planting, and then for the watering of the Church. To this end our Lord sent forth his faithful labourers, and they in turn ordained elders in every city. In this way the divine purpose was served, and the gospel WQB spread in the world. The fact that a ministry was instituted does not shut the door of usefulness to any who are willing to work in God's service In reply to the question : Who is a Christian minister P it was answered : He is not to be looked for among the extraordinary and temporary office bearers of the early Christian Church-the apostles, prophets, and evangelists of whom we read, who were endowed by God with special gifts for special work, no is to be looked for among the ordinary and permanent office- bearers those who possessed only the common gift of the spirit, and who were to be guided by the instructions and rules laid down for them in God's word. The permanent office-bearers, of the Church according to our belief, in so far as its spiritual work is concerned, are those who both teach and rule, and those who rule only, 1 Timothy, v 17. It is with the former we have now to deal, our pastors, or ministers, presbyters or bishops, as they are indiscriminately called. We never could see that any distinction is ever hinted at in the New Testament, as existing between a bishop and any other minister. Two ideas were suggested by the term pastor. It belongs to them to feed and to govern the Church, The Church is not, however, a despotism, and its authority is not vested solely with the pastor. The ministry does not constitute the Church. It was further stated that Christian ministers did not lay claim to any priestly prerogatives or assumptions, as these were nowhere accorded to them in scripture. For granted a priesthood, there would needs be a sacrifice and also an altar. The New Testament, however, tells us only of the one sacrifice, offered without the gates of Jerusalem. And as there is now no more offering for sin, so there can be no altars reared by or on behalf of true Christians. It is sad to see teaching of an opposite kind, which we might have thought buried in forgotten graves, again revived, sad because of the necessary consequences which flow from it. It is but the revival of that ritualistic system, which flourished nineteen centuries ago in Judea, against which the whole of our Saviour's life and ministry, as well as the teaching of the New Testament, was an emphatic protest. Let it prevail, and of necessity we shall see vital godliness die, and spirituality in worship, as opposed to pharisee ism, shall expire. So many running to this extreme, drives others in an opposite direction, viz, to deny the existence, or scriptural warrant for the existence, of any stated Christian ministry at all. But even those who discard the theory, by astrangeinconB¡Btenoy have the reality. It was further stated that the Christian minister should possess unblemished character, sincere piety, and a devout and prayerful disposition. An additional characteristic of the Christian minister dwelt on was aptness to teach. He should also teach the truth. There was only one standard of appeal. To the Bible, therefore, those must always return, to test the purity of their teaching, who desired to keep their feet upon the rock. He should also teach the truth with all fidelity, and with the gravity, urgency, and earnestness which befits the solemn importance of his message. Earnestness was the secret of usefulness and success. It would enable the Christian minister to subordinate everything to the accomplish- ment of the one great object. " The kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent take it by force." a 