CONSECRATION «F THE ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP. On Sunday, November 2, many South Australians had an opportunity of witnessing one*f. tbe most impressive ceremonials of the Roman Ca&hotio; "Church, an event which may be seen perhaps but once in a lifetime, and which certainly wQl not easily be forgotten by those who were spectators on the occasion. The advancement of a priest to the dignity of the Episcopate must always be regarded as a circumstance of importance, and this being the' first time in the histoty of the diocese of Adelaide that the chief pastor of the Romish Church here has been-consecrated amongst his' flock, gave additional interest to the event. This was intensified by tbe presence of the Venerable Roman Catholic Primate of Australia and three prelates from the -sister colonies, who formed such an assemblage of the pillars of the Church at has never before been seen in this provinoe. The solemn act of consecration took place at ; 8t. Francis Xavisr's Cathedral, before a crowded congregation, including many members of other denominations. - There were no decorations in-, the buQding beyond the gallery and pulpit; being draped with crimson, but the panels of, the chaneel have lately been repainted in- a chaste and appropriate style, and the altar was adorned with flowers. The space occupied fcyj the sanctuary was somewhat extended, in order, to afford more room. At 10 o'clock a procession entered. First; came a bov bearing- a large gilt cross, followed by about - 30 acolytes in soarlet and white, preceding the'Ven. Archdeacon Russell, master of the ceremonies; the Rev. P. Keogh, assistant; •the Revs. iDr. • O'Connor {Sydney}, M. Hager, T. Bongaerts, C. Von der Heyden, J. Quinlan, P. Moore, P. Hughes, J. Maher, M. O'Connor, and J. O'Sullivan; Messrs. Williams, Carroll, and PetzelL Next appeared the assistant conseorators, Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, with his chaplain, the Bev. P. Kennedy; Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, and his chaplain, the Rev. P. Corcoran. The. prelates were attired in mitres and magnificent copes of doth of gold, the upper portion embroidered with flowers in natural colours. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, was. attended by the Rev. Father Bourke as chaplain,, and had on the ordinary purple ota Bishop. The Archbishop (the Consecrator), who was preceded by an acolyte bearing his silver pastoral staff, followed, attired in vestments of )lack satin, and supported toy his chaplains, Fathers -Colletti, of Sydney, and Strele, S. J. At the last came the Bishop-elect, the Very Rev. C. A. Reynolds, wearing his biretta and robed in a cope of -white moire antique, worked with flowers and . fringed with gold* HiB chaplains were the Very Rev. F. Byrne and the Rev. J. Tappeiner, B.J. Entering the sanctuary, ttie organ playing the' meanwhile, the Metropolitan was conducted to his throne and robed for mass, the vestments including a tunic of rich lace' and a creamcoloured satin chasuble, the cross in which was jewelled, and a Gothic mitre. He then seated ximself before the altar,- and the Bishop-Elect was -conducted before him by the assistant Bishops^ and as all the different officials took up their positions, the scene, tempered by the subdued light which came through the stained glass windows, was very imposing. The assistants having demanded in Latin (which was the language throughout the proceedings) consecration for the Elect, the oonsecrator's notary (the Rev. F. Byrne) read the apostolic mandate authorizing it. The Bishop-Elect kneeling before the Consecrator took the oath of spiritual fealty and obedience, after which, in reply to an examination from the Consecrator, he promised to bend his understanding to the meaning of divine Scripture and conform to it, to teach the people both by word and example, to keep the traditions of the orthordox fathers, to restrain his conduct from evil, to observe charity and sobriety, to abstain from earthly business, to observe and teach humility, and_ to be compassionate to'all in need. Next followed an examination as to discipline of the Church on matters of faith. The Elect then kissed the hand of the Consecrator on his knees, and the -Consecrator, laying aside his mitre, turned to the altar and began the confiteor or confession of faith. Whilst the Mass was being proceeded with the assistants led Father Reynolds to his own chapel, where, taking off his cope, he was . vested with full canonicals. His souttaine was of purple sOk, with lace tunic and white and gold chasuble of elegant workmanship. After reading the Mass down to thie same point as the Consecrator, he returned to the middle altar 2 where the Consecrator prayed for the blessing of God upon him. The dignitaries prostrated themselves while the Litany of the Saints was sung, and at "we beseech thee to hear us," the Consecrator rose, and making the sign of the cross three times ever the Elect, besought God to bleiss, sanctify and consecrate him. The Litany ended, the Bishop-Elect knelt down—the book of the Gospels being held open on his neck and shoulders. The Consecrator and assistants touching his head, said, "Receive the Holy Ghost," after which the Consecrator offered up thanks, and prayed that the graces which charmed the eye, and were prefigured in his variety of ornaments and costly apparel, might appear in the conduct of the Elect. The " Veni Creator" having been intoned, the Consecrator anointed the head of the Elect, and prayed that he might be endowed with every grace and power. Then the Consecrator began the antiphon, " Like ointment on the h6ad that ran down upon the beard of Aaron, which ran down to the skirt of bis garment; the Lord hath commanded blessing for ever," and the 132nd Psalm was said. The hands of the Elect were next anointed, the Consecrator saying, " May these hands be anointed with consecrated oil and the chrism of sanctification. As Samuel anointed David Sing and Prophet, so be thou anointed and consecrated in the name of God the Father; of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, making the likeness of the holy cross of our Saviour, Jesus Christ, who hath redeemed us from death and brought us to the-kingdom of heaven. Hear us lovingly, 0 Almighty Father, eternal God, and grant that we may obtain what we ask of Thee. Through the same, &c.; Amen." The pastoral crosier was. then blessed and sprinkled with holy water, and delivered to the newly-made Bishop, now called the Consecrated, with these words:—" Receive the staff of the pastoral office, that you may be piously severe in correcting vices, holding judginent without anger, soothing the minds of the hearers by promoting virtues, not losing sight of strictness In the calmness of severity. The Consecrator then blessed the ring as follows:—"Let us pray. O, Creator and Preserver of mankind, giver of spiritual grace, grantor of eternal salvation, do Thou, O Lord, send forth Thy blessing upon this ring, that whoever shall be signed with this sign of our most holy faith, may by the strength of this heavenly defence be enabled to raise for himself eternal life. Through, &c.; Amen." The ring was sprinkled with holy water, and placed on the finger of the Consecrated, the Consecrator saying '' Receive this ring, the sign of fidelity, that, adorned with unblemished faith, you may, without stain, guard the Spouse of God, which is His Holy Church. Amen." The Book-of the Gospels, which had all~this time been held on the shoulders of the Consecrated, was removed and delivered to him, and the kiss of peace given to him by the Consecrator and assistants. The Consecrator and Consecrated proceeded in the Massas far as the offertory, when the Latter offered to the former two lighted torches, two loaves, and two small barrels of wine,- to be used in the Sacrifice. The " Agnus Dei" having been Bung, both advanced to the same altar and proceeded together in the Mass, there being onehost and one chalice for both.- -The. Consecrator gave the place to' the Consecrated and the assistants and administered the Communion, after which the mitre andgloves were separately blessed, and assumed r by the Consecrated, who, baving been enthroned, passed through the Church with the assistants, giving his blessing to all, the "Te Deum" being sung during his progress. On their return to the altar more prayers and the Gospel of St. John \?ere repeated, and tbe Primate and three prelates retired, the former reappearing J duiing -the delivery of- the sermon in the vestments which he bad worn at first, and the BishoptfSn purple. The following sermon was given in English by the Bishop of Maitland:— _ . "Take heed to yourselves and to all the. flocik over which the Holy. Ghost hath placed you Bishops to rule the Church of God, which-He , hath purchased with His own blood."—Acts of the Apostles, chap. xx. v. 28. These words,: dearly beloved -brethren, which-L have quoted from tbe Acts of the Apostles, were addressed by the great Apostle ot the Gentiles .to the ancients of the Church of Ephesus with thoview "of calling their attention to the high commission entrusted to them by God of feeding the people confided to their care, of instructing them in sound doctrine, of preserving them from; poisonous pastures, and protecting them from, the incursions of the ravenous wolves, who, after: his departure, would enter in among them, not ; sparing the flock. They were addressed, too, under circumstanoes that could not but make a. lasting impression on the clergy of Ephesus, for; . he held out no. hope of ever seeing them again.. 1 "And now. behold, .bound in the Spirit I go'to; Jerusalem, hot knowing the things that shall; befal me there, only that the Holy Ghost in every city witnesseth to me, saying that chains and afflictions wait for me at Jerusalem. And; now behold I know that all you among whom! I have gone' preaching the kingdom of ; God'shall s&e; my face no more." It is, I, am sure, unnecessary for me to say that the; occasion which' has- called us together to-day isone of great importance and unusual interest,; for we are all' assembled in great numbers inj this Cathedral Church of Adelaide, not only! from the various districts of the vast colony of, South Australia, but both prelates, priests, and members of laity.have come here_ to-day ' froto otber colonies to testify their deep interest; (In the~>~ solemn- proceedings, full of hope and • promise for the welfare of the. Church and Diocese of Adelaide. The vast crowds here; assembled from all quarters of the Diocese, and the attendance of so many members of other denominations, clearly point out to me that you fully appreciate the occasion as I de, rendered still more interesting by the fact that for the first time in the history of this Diocese has its Chief Pastor been consecrated in his own Cathedral and in the midst of his own flock. It is. always, my dear brethren, a solemn thing to witness the transmission of the Apostolic Office —an act by which the Church renews her vigour, provides for her preservation and expansion. As the plants throw out the seeds that produce other plants which take their place when they have' themselves decayed, so the Church organized by Christ preserves her life and integrity, and meets the exigencies of the hour by tbe transmission of the Apostolic Office, with all its duties, its graces, and its responsibilities, from age to age, from generation _ to generation, from her duly ordained ministers to others appointed and called' by God to the sublime office of the Apostblate. These circumstances all combined, my dear brethren, cannot but fill you with joy, and cause you torejoice at seeing one, I may almost say taken from among yourselves and placed over you to guide and direct you in the ways of salvation, charged with the onerous duty of governing this vast diocese, with a full knowledge of all its wants and requirements. But for you, my Lord, placed as you are to-day as a watchman on the towers of Israel, whose light is tins day placed on the candlestick, on whose soul God imprints a character that distinguishes you from all other men now and for evermore, it is an event of very great concern. Christ this day makes you a commander of His hosts, with all the powers and with all the graces attached to that high position. The Church, which is His agent in this great work, has endeavoured to impress them on you in the beautiful ceremonial which we are all witnessing with such delight, and which causes you to approach in fear and trembling the venerable pontiffs who by the imposition of their hands pour upon you the Holy Spirit of God, that by His power you may be strengthened ".to feed the flock of God which is among-you, taking care, thereof not by constraint, but willingly, according to God, neither for the- sake of- filthy lucre but voluntarily, neither as domineering over the clergy, but being' made -a pattern of the flock from the heart." While all around you, both prelates, priests, and people, are joyful at your elevation to the Episcopate, you, my Lord, deeply impressed with tbe awful responsibility of the dignity to which you have been, through the mercy of God, raised.te-day, seem, if I rightly interpret the sentiments of your inmost soul, to beg our united prayers that the Church of Adelaide may have, in you a worthy and useful ad. ministrator, so that when the Prince of Pastors shall 1 appear you shall receive a never-fading crown of glory. Impressed with the same spirit, and entering into your feelings, I shall endeavour to point out the duties of your office, so that all realizing to some extent its heavy burden, may sympathize with you in the anxieties that press on you heavily just now, may aid you by their prayers, and m the course of your Episcopate— which I tru6t will be alongand useful one—may, by their docility and obedience, alleviate its cares and lessen'its numerous responsibilities. When of old the word of the Lord came to Jeremias, sanctifying him and making him a prophet unto the nations, He said to him " Whatsover I shall command thee thou shalt speak. Be not afraid at their presence, for I am with thee to deliver thee. Behold I have given My words in thy mouth; so I have set thee this day over the nations and over kingdoms to root up and to pull down, and to waste and to destroy, and to build and to plant. Thou therefore gird up thy loins and arise and speak to them all that I command thee. Be net afraid at their presence, for I will make thee not to fear their countenance. For behold I have made thee this day a fortified city and a pillar of iron and a wall of brass over all the land, to the Kings of Judah, to the princes thereof,, and to the priests, and to the people of the land." By these words, my brethren, a solemn mission was given to the holy Jeremias, who for that purpose was sanctified in his mother's womb. He was commissioned to speak and preach not only to the Jews, but even to the Gentiles. He was to forewarn both kings and princes of the land, and the priests and people, of the dreadful calamities that would befal them if they were not converted to the Lord. His mission was not so much to waste or to destroy, but rather to admonish them to avoid the chastisements of heaven, and to exhort them to abandon the wicked ways of sin, tbe cause of all the miseries which had covered the land. But the mission with which our young Bishop is charged .to-day is of a far higher import, comprises far greater powers and perrogatives, and therefore conveys graces more numerous and more significant, symbolized by the beauty, the magnificence and Variety of the ceremonial at wbich we have all assisted with such profit. Christ confers on him to-day not only the power of speaking, teaching, and reproving, but he imparts to him the power never vouchsafed to his angels in heaven of binding and loosing with the full assurance that the sentence, pronounced by Him here on earth shall be ratified and confirmed in heaven. The words addressed'by Our Lord to his apostles are not only repeated by the three prelates who take a part in the consecration to-day, but their wondrous significance is as fully realised as when pronounced by Christ himself "As the Father hath sent Me 60 I also send you.' All power is given to Me in Heaven and on earth. Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and "of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all' things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world ;" by which words the Apostles were not only appointed Christ's messengers -to speak, to ; preach, and to reprove, but they were made >the possessore of these powers and the i treasurers of His heavenly gifts. And in such a iway did they inherit these powers that whosoever-would reject them would be rejecting God himself. " He that heareth you heareth Me; he 'that despiseth you despiseth Me." Behold, my dear brethren, what we witness here to-day, the fulness and perfection of the priesthood con- 'ferred on your Bishop, that he may exercise its 'functions for the advantage of both priests and people, and dispense its wonderful graces to the J souls of men. Truly he is set lip to- day as a master tin Israel, as & faithful sentinel on the heights of iMeunt Sion to guide and direct, to build and to jplant, to root up and pull down, to waste and (to destroy, to exercise for a time the wondrous powers of the eternal priesthood of Christ, to kanctify your souls in His name, and to raise ithem up from the sorrows of this valley of tears to Heavenly bliss and gloiy everlasting. iYes, my brethren, I repeat it, it is not simply a Declaratory power with which he is invested, but a real life- giving power is conferred on him by which he shares God's -heavenly gifts, that he may convey them to .his pock, and dispense food, medicine, and whatever else they need amid the toils and dangers of their pilgrimage here on earth. And, my brethren,' if- J to-day your Bishop becomes the treasurer of greater powers and blessings than were vouchsafed Of old to the Pr&phet; Jeremias, we need not be ashamed to confess that the 'miseries and-aalamities which, have come upon th<f world in this age of boasted civilisation and progress .point out to us the neoessity of their , being-'dispensed in season and out of .season for.' the benefit of the faithful, _wbo are continually led astray by the false maxims of the wbrid, and . by the perverse teaching of false prophets. For never perhaps before was the Church of Christ, her. Supreme Head, and her Bishops engaged in such a deadly warfare as in the present age. If Jeremias were set up by God "as a prophet to the nations and made a fortified city, a pillar of iron and a wall of brass, because of the "evils that then prevailed, how much more necessary now-a-days, when the kings and princes of the world have all conspired against Christ and His aneinted, and are Bet up in battle array against His holy Church; and when, to use the words of the Fathers of the Vatican Council, "unceasing efforts are made by modern -rationalism to . banish Christ our Lord and our Saviour from the minds of men, and from the life and customs of the nations;" bow much more necessary, I say, is it that those who are appointed rulers of the Church of God should, be 'fille'd with His Holy Spirit, and furnished with all the weapons necessary to fight a good fight, to ireserve the faith, and to fulfil their ministry.- f the Apostle St. Paul could address the Christians in his day in the following words:— "Put you on the armour of God that you may be able to stand "against the shares of the DeviL For our wrestling is not against flesh and blood; but against principalities and powers* against the rulers of the world of this darkness, against tbe spirits of wickedness in the high places. Wherefore take unto you the armour of Hxod that you may be able to resist in the evil day and to stand in all things perfect." And again, if the same Apostle could admonish his beloved disciple, Timothy, keeping in view the dangers and evils that then threatened the Church of Ephesus, " I charge thee before God and Jesus Christy who shall judge the living and the dead, by Bis coming and His kingdom, preach the Word; be instant in season and out of season; reprove, entreat, rebuke with all patience and doctrine, for there shall be a time when they will not bear sound doctrine, but according to their own desires they will heap to themselves teachers baving itching ears, and will turn away indeed their hearing from the truth, and will be turned to fables. But be thou vigilant, labour in all things, do the work of an Evangelist, fulfil thy ministry." . My brethren, howmuch stronger grounds have we for repeating the Bame admonitions^ to. the young prelate _who ; by the imposition of hands inherits. the same graces, the same powers, the same authority that was vouchsafed to Timothy, that he too, for the advantage of his flock, may preach the Word, be instant in season and out of season; may reprove, entreat, rebuke with all patience and doctrine; may be ever vigilant, labour in all things, do the work of a Bishop, and fulfil his ministry. Ves, my brethren, the duties of a Catholic Bishop are Rich as to be dreaded even by angels; for he is called upon not only to oppose the mn'mt of a world which ignores God and despises the religion of Christ, but he is required to guard his flock froin the pernicious principles which are continually circulated in the public Press, subversive alike of the supernatural and natural order established by God for the benefit of mankind. The principles which are now commonly proclaimed in the world withdraw man . from the control of all religious influence. What is known as the " naturalism" of the present age banishes God from all the arrangements of human affairs, whether affecting the nations of the earth, the family circle, or the individual; utterly ignoring His Holy Church, and repudiating the benign influence of religion. Indeed, the enemies of religion, as has been observed by the present glorious Pontiff, aim at the destruction ef that necessary coherence or connection -that by God's airangement intervenes between the natural and supernatural order. It is the old conflict between good and evil, between obedience and revolt, between the Church and the world, between God and Satan. This spirit of naturalism rejects-altogether the influence of supernatural revelation; it only re- gards the interests of this world, and drives men on to the attainment of their ambitious purposes without any regard to the Creator of the universe, whom they do not recognise as superior' to themselves, if they acknowledge His existence at all. By this resistance to divine authority is brought on rebellion to human, which derives its force and sanction from its Author, who is no other but God. " Those who sow the wind shall reap the whirlwind." Hence we find that opinions are propagated which strike at the very foundations of Christianity, introducing a fatal system of rationalism, and virtually excluding any intervention of Providence from.the. world. Hence even the sacred character of the marriage contract is ignored, and all its sacramental influences and graces .are set aside. As a necessary consequence we find divorce legalized in the midst of Christian communities in defiance of the Word of God that what He has joined it should be lawful for ne man to put .asunder. Hence, too, in this age of progress the very foundations of social and domestic happiness are undermined. But the chief aim of the naturalism of this age is to control the education of youth, and to withdraw their minds from all religious influence—to banish God and His Holy Church from the school. Systems of education are propounded which only embrace the knowledge of human affairs, and to pay no attention to the interests of immortal souls. The Catholic Church, on the contrary,: continually impresses on parents the salutary maxim of our Divine Lord—"What doth it profit a manif he gain the whole world and suffer the loss of his own soul?" What will it profit parents or their children to gain all knowledge, and to attain the greatest success in this world, if through their fault, and by being exposed to the dangers of bad systems of education, they suffer the : loss of that faith without which it is impossible to please God? In this question of education ,the voice of the Church has been continually 1 raised in the interests of youth, in order to- protect them from the snares which are laid for their destruction, and which are devised for the i purpose of undermining their faith. Our present Holy Father Pope Pius IX. has declared that ' 'Catholics cannot approve of a system of educating youth unconnected with Catholic faith and the 'power of the Church, and which regards the 'knowledgeof merely natural things, and only, or at least primarily, the ends of social life." In other words, Catholics cannot approve of an education which fits their children only for this life, and ignores that life in which the soul is "to live for ever. It will, therefore, be your duty, my Lord, to take care, indeed, of the wh ile flock over which the Holv Ghost has placed you ;as Bishop, but, in particular to watch over children and young 1 men. To use the memorable words of the illustrious Pontiff, PIUJ iVH., addressed in the year 1800 to the Bishops of the Catholic world—"Children ought to be 'the especial object of your paternal love, your ;vigilant solicitude, of your zeal, of all your care. They who have tried to -subvert society and families, to destroy autiiority divine and human, have spared no pains to infect and corrupt youth, hoping thus the more easily to icarry into effect their infamous projects. They [know that the mind and heart of- young persons., 'like soft wax, to which one may give what form he pleases, are very susceptible of every sort of impression ; that they keep tenaciously, fwhen age has now hardened them, those which they had 1 -early received, and reject' others'. Thence the well-known proverb, - taken from the Scriptures—* A young man aocordingto his way, even when he- is. old he will not. depart from it.?_ Suffer not, then, venerable brethren, jthe children of this world Jfco. be more prudent in this respect than, the: children of light. Examine, therefore, with the greatest attention jbo what manner of . persons is confided the eduction of. children, and the young men in 'tiie colleges and seminaries j of what sort are theinstructions given them; what sort of schools £xist among you ; of what sort are the teachers in the Lyceums. Examine into all this-with the greatest'c^re; sound everything; let nothing escape your "vigilant eye. - Keep off, repulse the ravening wolves that seek to devour these innocent Iambs; drive_ out of the sh'eepfold those which have gotten in; remove them as soon as can be; fdr such is the power which has. been given to you by the Lord for the edification'of your sheep." I These are the words of the venerebRT Pohtiff,: Pius vn..-which I take the liberty of addressing to. yeuj-my Lord, to-day, and to remind you .of Jfte' ever , tender care and Anxious BoUcitade which, yotfare called on to extend to the little ones of: the fold.. I-regret that in the discharge, of the' duty imposed upon me on this solemn occasion I should be-obliged to say something in regard to; the differences that have, within the last' few years sprung. up amongst the peaceful commuhity of .South Australia on the subject of education; -but unfortunately that spirit of liberalism which ha& characterized the old ; countiy in Europe, and which has been waging' a continual war against the Church of God in Germany, Switzerland, and Italy, has found its way into these colonies, and our statesmen who controllhe destinies of this fair and promising land have not hesitated to walk in the footsteps of the crafty statesmen of tbe other hemisphere, who, for their own purposes, were straining every nerve to enslave the Church of God, to crush her power, and to banish her priests from the ^ schools and colleges over which from time immemorial they •exercised their legitimate authority. It is a matter !of "regret that in this free land these principles shouldfindany Countenance or support, Mid ..that any se.ction._pf _ the community, no matter how small or insignificant, should be deprived of their legitimate rights or privileges ..on account. of their^ Conscientious views. It is, however, a fact which I cannot but deplore'on this occasion, that the Catholics of South Australia cannot derive any benefit from or share--.in the funds .which'are destined for educational purposes in the colony. What is called' common or mixed education is proclaimed throughout the length and breadth of South Australia, and what has been accomplished in many - - countries of Europe and America, - to the groat detriment of religion. The public' schools and other institutions destined for the education'of Catholic youth are withdrawn from the authority of the Church, from the control of her legitimate pastors, and from the benign influence of religion. The present glorious Pontiff. Piux IX., exjounds so clearly and se forcibly the views of he Catholic Church on this important subject, in his famous letter, addressed- some years ago to the Archbishop of Friebourg, in Germany, that I cannot forbear quoting from it at some lengjth:—"It is not wonderful," he says, ''that the unhappy efforts of wicked men should be directed. chiefly to corrupt the training and education of youth, and there is no doubt that the greatest injury is inflicted on society when the directing authority and salutary power of the Church are withdrawn from public and private education, on which the nappiness of the Church and of the commonwealth depends so much. For this society is, little by little, deprived of that truly Chnstian spirit which alone can permanently secure tbe foundation of peace and public order, and promote and direct the true - and useful progress of civilization, and jive man those helps which are necessary for iim in order to attain after this life, his last end hereafter,- eternal happiness. And in truth a system of teaching which not only is limited to the knowledge of natural things, and does not pass beyond the bounds of our life ou earth, but also departs from the truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guided by the spirit of error and lies; and education which ? without the aid of Christian doctrine, and of its salutory moral precepts, instructs the minds and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, must infallibly produce a generation which will have no guide but its own wicked passions and wild conceits, and which will be a source of the greatest misfortunes to the commonwealth and their own families. But if this detestable system of education, so far removed from Catholic faith and ecclesiastical authority, becomes a source of evils both to individuals and to society when it was employed in the higher teachings, and in schools frequented by the better class, who does net see that the same system wQlcive rise to still greater evils if it be introduced into primary schools ? For it is in these schools above all that the children of the people ought to be carefully taught from their tender years the mysteries and precepts of our holy religion, and to be trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civilization. In such schools religious teaching ought to have so leading a .place in all that concerns education and instruc- tion, that whatever else the children may learn should appear subsidiary to it. The young, therefore, are exposed to the greatest perils whenever, in. the schools education is not closely united with religious teaching. Wherefore, since primary schools are established chiefly to give the people a religious education and to lead them to piety and Christian morality, they have juBtly attracted to themselves in a greater degree than other educational institutions all the care, soli, citude, and vigilance of the Church. The design of withdrawing primary schools from the control of the -Church, and the exertions made -to-carry-this design into effect are therefore inspired by a spirit of hostility towards her and -4>y the desire of extinguishing among the people the divine -light of our holy faith. The Chuich which has founded these schools has ever regarded them with the greatest care and interest, and looked upon them as the chief object of her ecclesiastical authority and government, and whatsoever" removed them from her inflicted serious injury both.on her and on the schools. Those who pretend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her salutary action upon the primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine author, and to be false to the charge she has received from God of guiding all men to salvation; and in whatever country this pernicious design of removing the schools from the ecclesiastical authority should be entertained and carried into execution, and the young thereby exposed to the danger of losing their faith,-- there the Church would be in duty bound not only to use her best efforts and to employ every means to secure for them the necessary Christian education and instruction, but moreover would feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools as being adverse to the Catholic Church." It is unnncessary for me to remind this congregation that our Holy Father the Pope, who addressed these solemn words, is the Supreme Ruler of the Church, the infallible teacher of divine truth, who holds the place of Christ in the spiritual kingdom of His Church, the head and father of the universal family which embraces within its bosom all the elect of God. We therefore receive his decisions in matters of religion and morals as emanating from God Himself, whose representative he is on earth. But it may be said that the system of education adopted in this colony does not banish religious teaching from the primary schools; for I learn that it is proposed 'that the Holy Scriptures should be read by - the -children -attending the Government or public schools of this colony. This does not, and will not, remove our objection, but rather increases our opposition to and disapproval of the system ; for without taking -into consideration the memorable words of St. Peter the Apostle, that there are many things in the Scrptures hard to be understood, which the unlearned and unstable wrest- to weir own destruction, the Catholic Church has always taught that religious Instruction must be given, under the authority of her legitimate-pastors, and by those duly appointed by her Bishops. I have in my hands a remarkable petition, signed by the. Archbishops and Bishops of Ireland, which was presented to the British Parliament in the year 1824; that is to say, five years, before JJathfilic. emancipation^ when the Irish Catholics were engaged in their great straggle to -live as free .citizens -in their native laiha. "It^shows that, though the Catholics oflreland were at that time debarred from the csercise of "their civil rights and privileges, the slavery and sufferings under "which theygroaued for almost -300 years ofily -had the effect of - making them ...more stedfast in their faith, and more attached to the principles and practices of _ their holy religion. I quote the following passage frpm the petition to s whien I-refer. They say " that in the Roman Catholic Church the Jitetary and religions instruction of youth are universally combined, and that no system of e'dueatiSfi" which separates them can be acceptable to the members of her Gemmuuioa; that the religious instruction of youth in Catholic schools-is always conveyed by means of catechetical instruction, jaily prayer, and the reading of religious books, wherein the Gospel morality is explained and inculcated; that Roman Catholics have ever considered the reading of the sacred Scriptures by children as an inadequate means of imparting to them religious instruction, as a usage whereby the Word of God is made liable to irreverence, youth exposed to misunderstand its meaning, and. thereby not unfrequently to i receive in early, life impressions which may | afterwards prove injurious to their own best' interests, as well as to those of the society which j they are destined to form; - that schools whereof: the master professes a religion different^ from that of his pupils, or from which such religious' instruction as the Catholic Church prescribes for youth is excluded, or in. ^which books and tracts not sanctioned by it are read or commented on, cannot be resorted to. by. the children of Roman Catholics; and that threats ; and rewards have been found equally -unavailing as a means of inducing Catholic parents to . procure education for their children from such persons or in such schools; that any system ! of education incompatible with the discipline of, the Catholic Church, or.superintended ex- • clusively by persons professing a-religion diffe- ! rent from that of - the -vast majority of the poor of Ireland, cannot possibly be acceptable to the latter, and must in its progress be slow and embarrassed, generating often distrust and discord, as well as-a want of that mutual good faith'and perfect confidence which should prevail between -those who-receive benefits and -those ' who dispense them." Thesis words, written so many .years ago by the prelates of Ireland, seem so appropriate to the wants of the present day in these colonies that—although • I admit we ^ are living-under 'very different circumstances, and enjoying the rights granted to us all under the Constitution—I have taken -the liberty of quoting them. We Catholics profess our belief in the Scriptures, but at the «ame ; time we declare that neither the conscience, the 'reason, the light," nor * the 'moving spirit-of- each individual is the legitimate interpreter of them, but the Church of God, the pillar and ground of truth, -to wbich has been entrusted the deposit of the faith that she may guard and protect it for the enlightenment and guidance of her children, and hand it down, untarnished and unsullied, without change, spot, or wrinkle, from generation to generation, until time shall be no more. I am well aware that the course pursued by the Catholics of this and other eolonies, and especially by the Bishops in regard to education, has frequently been made the subject of severe strictures and comments. It has bran said that we desire to have the whole education of the country in our own hands, to enforce our views not only on our own flocks, but even on those who differ from us in religion.. We are charged with the. desire to appropriate to our own purposes, and according to our own views, the public funds destined for the educational interests of -the colonies. It has been said, notwithstanding pur repeated assurances to the contrary, that we" object to our schools being inspected and examined as to the character of the teaching given In them, and as to their general efficiency, by Government officials, or by those duly appointed by the Boards of Education. We have only to state, in reply, what we have repeatedly said before. The Bishops, as in duty bound, are making every sacrifice to secure a good Catholic education for their own flocks; they declare that in the discharge of their solemn duties as rulers of a portion of the Church of Christ; and chief pastors of His -flock, responsible to the Prince of Pastors for eveiy soul committed to their charge, it is their first and paramount duty to attend to the pastures in which. the little ones of the fold are fed, and to the doctrines with which they are nourished. But the rights which the Bishops and Catholics of these colonies claim for themselves they cheerfully grant. to those of - other communions. If. they prefer mixed education, as far as we are concerned, by all means let them have it; and should any other system be agreeable to any particular sect, let them have their way, , and let them be entitled to a proportionate share of the public funds destined for education, provided the secular teaching be found on enquiry and examination by the duly appointed inspectors to satisfy the requirements of the law. We Catholics, on the other hand, shall be always ready to admit the inspectors into our schools to examine their state and efficiency, and if on a fair and impartial examination they are found not to reach the standard as to the course of secular teaching let the,Government aid be withdrawn. But if in our Catholic schools the course of secular teaching is found satisfactory, and to meet all the requirements of the law, let not the teaching of the holy Catholic faith or of its holy practices deprive us of the pecuniary aids to. which by the law of the land we may be entitled, and from which we should not be debarred on account of our rereligious and conscientious views. Behold, my Lord, the great mission which is placed in your hands to-day. Like Jeremias, the Prophet, you are made a fortified city to defend this diocese, [to secure a good Catholic educatior for its Catholio people. You are made, too, a pillar of iron, to encourage, support, and strengthen both priests and people in securing your rights; and you are made a wall of brass over all this diocese, to resist the aggressions and efforts of those in power who would baniBh from your Catholic schools that holy religion for which your and their fathers bled and died. " For behold I have made you this day a fortified city, and a pillar of iron, and a wall of brass over all the land, to the Kings of Judah, to the princes thereof, and to the priests, and to the people of the land. Be not afraid of their presence, for I will make thee not to fear their countenance, and they shall fight agahist thee, , and shall not prevail. For I am with thee, I saith the Lord, to deliver thee." .And our ! Divine Redeemer, when sending his Apostles j on the same mission with which he charges you : to-day, he announced to them that they would •be brought before governors, and before kings, j and he said:—" But when they shall deliver you 'up, be not thoughtful how or what to speak, for | it shall be given you in that hour what to speak. ; For it is not you that speak, but the spirit of the ' Father that speaketh in you." But it was not only to the kings and princes of Judah Jere- |mias was sent, but to the priests and people of ithe land; and so you to-day, my Lord, are ap- | pointed the guide, the light, and Father of both [ priests and people in this vast diocese. It is true ;that the priests now under your jurisdiction I are, in many respects, like you—the helpers I of God, His agents and "instruments, freely coi operating with Christ in that great work which iHe prizes so highly, on which His heart was iset from eternity, which caused Him to come down to this earth, for which He laboured and jdied. They are your equals in that which is most sublime—the offering of the great sacrifice, | and the administration of many of the sacraments. But you now possess this power in its j fullness; and moreover, it is under your autho- 'rity that they discharge their duties and exercise jthe solemn functions of the ministry. It is for iyou to assign to each one his sphere of action, jto quicken, rule, and^direct; to be the eye that :sees all, that watches over all, that is accountable to God and responsible to men for alL To you alone belongs that authority which is the Iguardian and the pledge of faithful adherence jto duty in this portion of the vineyard of the •Lord. You have only to consider the various rGgures under which the Church of God, and jyour relations to it, are represented, to form a jcorrect idea of the character of your sacred toffice; The Church you know is represented as the spouseB of Jesus JChrist, pure and undoifiled, not having spot or wrinkle. Her purity entrusted to your guardianship. It is for you, with the powerful weapons which God has placed (in your hands, to preserve that purity, and to •war against all that would tarnish her beauty. If this Church of Adelaide during her long mdewhood has suffered from any abuses or irregularities that may have crept in, it will be your fluty to remove them. You are called on by the ^ature of your office to protect and defend her, and to wage an incessant war against all that teould sully her fair name. Again, the Church is represented as an army in battle array, and you are placed at the head of this army toguide and direct it in the great battle in which all are engaged against the world, the flesh, and the devil. All your flock are indeed fighting in the same cause, but under your authority and command. And if you fail for want of rigilance, or Bingleness of purpose, or devotedbess, it wQl be vain to expect victory ffojia the bravery of those under your charge. ; The phurch is a ship bearing a precibus freight to the heavenly port, through the trbubled sea of fhis world, and you 'are -its pilot appointed to Iteer it through the^ rocks and quicksands that are sure to come in her way in whatever course you may direct it. If you fail in a vigilant eye er a steady hand, nothing but confusion among those who are under your care, and total wreck will be their lot. The Church is a house —thb house of God; you are a steward in that house; to you'are committed all its treasures. Be a faithful steward, so that on the last day you may have to rejoice that you have been God's faithful minister in dispensing the treasures that .were entrusted to your safe keeping. ""Onerous -duties take -been imposed upon you to-day; all your efforts must be directed to the interests Of this Church of Adelaide, to which you are now wedded by an almost indissoluble bond, symbolized by jthe ring which has been put upon your finger. The cross too has been placed upon your breast to remind you that you Will have trials and afflictions, which must" : be borne with all meekness and patience; and the staff which you bear In your hand reminds you of the power and authority which you have received from Jesus Christ for the edification of the people entrusted to your pastoral bare. And yet, my Lord, how different is your' position from that of the Prophet Jeremias, ~to whom it was announced by the Lord that not -only the kings of Judah and the princes thereof, but also the priests and the pe6ple, -should fight against him, and yet he was to rear them-not.'- But you, my Lord, are here to-day, 1 surroufeded by voir priests and faithful people, tfho have come hers to testify their affection, their' loyalty, uid obedience to your sacred pbrsOn* and to assure you.' that^ "nothing will be wanting-.: oirv their part to- lighten the heavy responsibilities of youf sa&ed; office. Yes, my JjSrd, you wil allow,-me %o say,_before Icon chide, the position you hold oughi to encourage and sustain you in dischargintr the onerora duties which you undertake today. TheprekteSj thaolergy, . and t^ejpeOTle prwbrate.before t&e;altar of<iod in this nobM JCathedral, hav6 rfereq their fervent ^nd united prayers that jrou tusyjee endowed jwith rthat strength and r fulness.of ,the Spirit of God io'govOTh 'tlA; mojW ?ith wisdom, moderation; arid firmness. Tins" union which exists between you. the clergy, a\id;ydur people, of which I see k'ngnal proof before'me in this vast congregation, is a |iledge tO me that this diocese" under ypur ^ministration Till b& a fortified city, a pillar of iron;* wall of brass, and like an army in battle array will- advance to victory. ^ •This closed the ceremony, after- which His Grace, their Lordships, and the elergy were entertained at luncheon by Dr. Gunson. 