Aatyf&TF;?:.gQOIAIi OASR. in the caso of Fischcr v. Fischer, at thuOouuty Court; Melbourne, yestorday, Mr. Vullurlon ajipeArpti forfpfcu'lt'fljr'mi Mr. G. 1'. Smith for ito fei\it;iuf7~ Flsctftt, !>tlU! plailllilt, Wil slip wa« forqwrly' marrieil to defendant, but ...it a 'divorce froifMMifc i£> 1S0I, lie having deseri c>1_1icjv ; They lia.il » son then twelve years old, who remaned viffiQilA^r ^number of-ye.us. Afterwauls he wontiivrciv to California, and there in a lunatic ns^QyJ/Sfie now sued her. former husband to re cover £249 for the expenses of the keep of tlieir soit^friiii tfic year 1SOO, wlnm he was twelve years old, until he attained a sullicieut age lo maintain himself. Defendant had obtained administration to the estate of the son, at the cost of I'hid the only property the young m-in possess--d-was a volunteer certificate, woith £d~. Mrs. Fischer, in giving evidence, deposed that she had taken the most allectkmate care of the hoy. AVlion he left for California, he said v* Mother, if I, am not back in two years, take all I have. It is all yours." Well did site remember his farewell in the shop. Just two yeardafterwards shesan-his ghost, in the very same spot. He. looked exactly as lie locked when bidding her go.nbbye. She advanced to the figure, thinking it to he her son, but nothing ;itall was there. She then believed he was dead, and afterwards ;i-scertnihd that lie was .lead and buried nt the time. Mr. Fischer was examined en the point of the desertion of his wife. He said *' It is valse. She drifed nie out of tie hauze wit a billet of voot, and I hoomped mine plauket and went to Zitnoe." In cross-examination it W;ls elicited he had married n^ain. Roth husband and wife induced in much vituperation in the iviruossd.ox. dodge Pohlman gavcu verdict for the defendant.- Ht r-.hl, Tin: Cnifr* JrsTici: <->r Nkw SOUTH WALK5-' AND liis POLICE Ksc»>kt on Pniuc- lb.rsi; LAW. The Kyv. R. W. VanderkMe, of Sydney, who has kindlvfiirnUhed a contribution which appears in the Yinr-TiaiJ:, write.-, as follows; - At the rec-nt conference of the Association for the Suppression of Intemperance, held in Sydney, His Honor .Sir Alfred Stephen related the following anecdote: - * . At one of the circuit towns at which I was stay ing not lon^ ,v^o, I w.ij very much disturbed e tidy one mcmin^ bv sounds of drunkenness below, shouting, .pianellinjr. ;<!id di>cu:daiit efforts at ! Vvhafc they ealh-d siiuin^. I dre.wd my*olf, slipped j , down'staiis quietly, and entered the bar rather j moro suddeniy perhaps th:»n was anticipated. I then saw t!iu puMiem himself ..-ivin;^ diunken men .with i;in, and this was at half-p^t, seven o'clock in vhen.oruiiv.r. leaded upon the landlord to put them out. but was answered that they had a per fect riirht to he there. 1 then went ousideand called a pfjlu-'-nno (in fact my own constable, ap pointed to attend me upon my circuit), an.I direefed him to put the drunken men out. Mat the cm Stable soon ntwed that he knew ihe law belter tli»n myself; for lie ivpHe , * Oiu y.ntr Honor. 1 ' can*t« put them out : the puMie-ui must call upon lue to do so hrs.t, then lean." I presently re rrtemberc-d that such indeed is the case. Now is not that an abominable state of things, that, a magistrate of tin; Territory could not turn out drunken mon who were creating a disturbance, whilst a public i:; could .io mi"-Victoria* Teni pawnee Ycar-B»-,}; for lS7d. THE Atsuto.-It ia lii-^IiTy satisfactow to note -that but four or five emigrants remained 011 board the Atrato on Wednesday evening, ail the others }iavin£ either be.-n iaken home liv their friends, or .'fouinl so 1110 piacM in which to abide. without '?tronhlins the OovcrnnH'iit or the pliant-able in*titu .'tJouH. '4'h« Atwto still swings ii« the Uvi'U ui tlm ' Great Britain, bqt on ^tur.lay marniiw jV will. be moored elo'se ia tli? 50«tll H-jllWft)' 