TALE ON 'CHANGE. " I will buy with you, sell with you, talk with you." —SlIiKSPKAEE. Quamquam ridentem dicere verum Quid votat ?—Horace. They say on 'Change that the Government has been precipitate in lowering the rate on petty deposits in the Post-office Savings Bank to 3 per cent. No one believes in the permanence of the late - redaction of interest by the banks of issue, and it is surely premature to have, even by a 1 per cent, reduction, lessened the inducement to thrift. The main object of the Savings Bank is not so much profit to the state as the encourage, ment of habits of economy, and the creation of the conservative feeling engendered by the possession of property. The fabled Scotchman was only a Radical, until he be came possessor of a cow. If the object 6f an industrial exhibition be to make the show pay, then the com missioners of the latest effort in this direction deserve considerable credit. Crummies, or Ooppin, or Artemus. Ward, had they been engaged' in the business, might not have succeeded any better. 'And if the object of the Exposition be to. irritate exhibitors, to prevent < them' contributing again, and generally to disgust them, the commissioners have succeeded . marvellously. The jurors are quite conscious of the slight put upon their judgments. Lenders of works of art have found'that objects lent have suffered permanent injury through absolute-care-' lessness. A gentleman, who had sent some ; paintings, told-me to-day- that on sending for them he found thjtf^the frames of two were smashed—the pictures had been left-oh; the floor, and weremud-beapattered, pro bably through some tough method of laying: the dust in the building; and to* add to his annoyance his nuuiber wtfs .one -short. I don't know where $hd vpeak place was, - but dees . any one remember snch a chorus of discontent afteranyothferEybibition ? , Whilst iffie Public Works, department and the Gity Council are holding purposeless in terviews nnd arriving impotent conclu-. sij>ns (as jnosiu fdt remains untouched." rowest jvossiblc limit, the effort should be,to increase the supply, so that it might be used lavishly and without stint. The supply should be brought up to the consumption— not the consumption down to, the supply. This in the interest of health and cleanli ness—tennsalniostconvertible. Instead of ex pending, asis now contemplated, an immense sum in laying a second main from a lake of inferior Water, such as the Yan Yean is, why not face the future demand boldly by tapping the Watts River above Healesville t Here is a splendid permanent stream of pure water, and a comparison of the required outlay j between this project and the increase of the Yan Yean supply, willnot show nearly so great j a difference as would appear atfirst sight. A j second main from Yan Yean to Preston will necessitate a third from Preston to Mel bourne, and an enlargement of the Preston reservoir. So that the Watts River scheme resolves itself into 30 miles of pipes and aqueducts as against 20 miles from Yan Yean—with a moderate-sized reservoir near the source of supply as against an enlarge ment of the basin at Preston. As to the quality of the water there is no ground for comparison. Think of it, Mr. Fraser—but don't overwork your brains. How is it that the vaunted enterprise of Melbourne cannot achieve an Exchange room to which a visitor might be introduced without a sense of humiliation ? It can't be for want of money, for there is plenty of that. It can only be from faintheartedness that the merchants are housed as they are in the capital of Victoria. The proprietors of the subscription reading-room give as much value as they can afford for the limited support they receive, but there is an air of discomfort and frowsiness much beneath the status of the port and the lofty assumptions of the mercantile community. In the older dictionaries, says an Adelaide friend, I find the word "synod" defined as "a meeting of the heavenly bodies in the more modern books as " a conjunction of two or more planets." Preference, he thinks, ought to be given to the former definition as regards the Synod of the Church of England which was latelyheld in South Australia, for the heavenly bodies have met in solemn conclave, and His Lordship the Bishop regaled them with elegant extracts from the publications of the Religious Tract Society. He assured his clergy that the Australian Episcopal Church was one with the Church of England and Ireland in doctrine and disci pline. But what, after all, is the doctrine? That final resource in difficulties—the Privy Council—says, alike to Mr. Bennett, of Frome, and Bishop Colenso, to Archdeacon Denison and the late Bishop of Hampden,— '' There now—be good boys. It doesn't much matter what you write or what you preach— pay your way, and all will be serene. Bless you!" In one of the South Australian cl urches a lawyer is authorised to pray and preach alternately with the ordained minis ter, and on his dayB the congregation feels that it has obtained the simultaneous enjoy ment of both law and the gospel. I had placed in my hands the other day a venerable manuscript copy of some unpub lished verses, addressed in Anno Domino 1740, by Thomas Munns, a Dissenting | minister, to a "clergyman" of the Estab- j lished Church. They had a plain way of speaking in those days. The parson had been talking slightingly of the Dissenting preacher, and thus the latter retorts " The judgment, eir, which you did pass Was without mercy, and alass It was as strange as new, That Unordained men who Teach, Or such as Do at Meetings preach, Are all a Damned crew." After some warm protests against this sweeping condemnation, Mr. Munns thus discourseth of clerical millinery and the Dissenting ministers' scorn thereof :— " No Gound nor Cassock do they wear When they dopublickly appear To serve the Lord of Hosts. When they arepraying with their flock, They don't put on a Lumen frock, To make them look like ghosts." But the late Mr. Munns reserves his bitterest sarcasm for his parting shot. He concludes his verses, thus (he is still describing his Dissenting brethren):— ' To Heaven thejj send most fervent cries, And pray for all their enemies, His peace they still pursue. Out of ye truth they won't be sham'd, And if such Men as these are Damned, What will become of You?" That question has been answered one way or the other about a century ago. Dr. Dunn should be able to tell how. There has seldom been a quicker or more thoropgh recovery from disaster than that of; the Commercial Bank. About two years ago its affairs were at a very low ebb. It had few good accounts, and an abundance of doubtful securities. It had reduced deposits, no reserve fund, was not paying dividends, i arid its shares were down to £2 15s. The shares are now. double their then price, it possesses £25,000 reserved profits, it is paying fair dividends, and is expanding its hum-: neBS rapidly but carefully. : And this favour able' change, it is universallyadmitted, is mainly due to the skill and persevering ,\ energy of its manager. Few more wholesome • j balance-sheets have been seen in Melbourne' than that just submitted to the proprietors; » The Dramatic and Musical Association appeals to be'iri a flourishing condition, arid I its prdsperity is mainly due to the bnterpriis-j big and evergreen George -Coppln. But ate j rioteharesin the Theatre Royal Company; ri;. somewhat precarious investment1 for * the! permanent fund of a charitable institutioriti ^r0uldh't Government debentures be nqorej des|nible» even thqugh;thejr did riot produoej splehdid had to encounter a runof bad luclL I Vt Buch a time .the a k-t*. i-n maker disqualified for malpractice hisbeeri wronged by the stewards. From my own ob servation I£can say that I never saw so many sympathising hands held out for the grasp -of Mr. Wallis as in Collins-street on Monday > last. I can't say that this greatly redounds t» the credit of Collins-street. However, there is the fact. There is one way of expknningit. Said a hacker of horses, "I would just as soon bet with Wallis as any of them. They are all tarred with the same stick. The others have been clever enough not to be found out—yet." There is no immediately apparent co-rela tion between prosperity and puff- paste. Yet the confectioner can tell by his ledger when " greasy" is in demand and the flocks knee deep in grass. One of them tells me that there is an urpisual demand jnst now for wedding-cakes. He had orders the other day for five 10-guinea articles of this festive character, and from people who could just as easily have paid 100 guineas as 10.. So that pastoral property has probably promoted the demand for wedding rings also. In fact, people in the best society are laying them selves out for matrimony, and with consider able success. They declare that the Australian climate is a tryingone, and the life insurance companies have a pleasant way of adding five years to your life. That is to say , if you are five-and twenty and ruddy they hint apoplectic pre disposition, and charge you the rate for a life thirty years old. Still we can boast some long-lived folks, and the following record,, which adorns a panel in a suburban omnibus, would materially improve the average duration-of- lifetableinMr. Archer's statistics: —"Edward R , sign and coach painter. Chapel-street, Prahran ; cetat 1852." One of the soundest and most respected bankers in Melbourne tells me that he thinks he sees a smile on the faces o'f all the people who meet him, as much as to say, "Whata fool you are to lend us money .at 3 per cent." The most grievous . trouble is, however, that of a genial capi talist who, in anticipation of a rise in the value of money, had been lately selling out stock and realising securities. When the news of the reduction of bank discount was told him suddenly (not broken cautiously) he turned pale, and ejaculated "Good heavens! I am stuck with £20,000." Poor I fellow! He has the sympathy of everybody. The newest idea is, however, that of an enterprising speculator who proposes to invite the banks to compete for his unse cured overdraft. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. The clever author of a Christmas panto mime produced at the Theatre Royal, Mel bourne, was once asked by a bush friend for an order to see the performance. This was easily managed, the only condition im posed being that he would, after visiting the theatre, give the author his candid opinion or the merits of the work. " Now," said the pantomime writer to himself, "I will get from an unsophisticated child of nature an unbiassed and genuine'criticism." Faithful to his promise, the bushman called to com municate his impressions. "Ah!" said he, " it was splendid. Never was so pleased with anything in my life. (Author glowing with pleasure). But," added the child of nature, "what did they have all that stuff for at the beginning?" The author collapsed. Efts friend had given him credit for the har lequinade. JLGLES. 