WEBB'S STEAM LINE SUBSIDY BILL KILLED. (San Francisco News Letter, February 6. [ ON Monday last a motion was in the Senate to "table" the Webb Subsidy Bill with a view to kill it. This was carried by a close vote in a full House, the ayes being 33 and the noes 31. The effect under the rules of " tabling" a measure is, that thereafter it requires a vote of two-thirds of the whole House to enable it to be again discussed. Of course, if there be a majority to " table" a bill, it is certain that a two-thirds majority could not be obtained to take it off the table again. Thus, tabling a bill is accepted as its final defeat. Our readers who remember how this steam- ship subsidy was scouted by the Sena- tors on a previous occasion, will perhaps feel some surprise that as many as 31 votes should appear to be in its favour now. It must, however, be understood that many of those votes were given only against the tabling motion, so as to allow the bill to be discussed on its merits, and that on the final division they would have been recorded against the bill. But even when we make this allowance, the fact is not to be disguised that a considerable number of votes would have remained favourable to the granting of the subsidy. The securing of the majority of those votes must, we fear, be attributed to one of those "social arts" which the Hon. Gavan Duffy was recently so anxious to learn from America. The fact is hardly attempted to be disguised that the first year's subsidy of 500,000 dollars was to be the price of the passage of the bill. Without the slightest doubt, it would have passed but for the formation of the Burn- side-Scott organisation. The crush- ing evidence of General Burnside was more than even a correct lobby could overcome. The Webb party were " perfect sure" of success up to the moment that the existence of the new organisation was known. From that hour they were nowhere. Some of the schemes they resorted to are to be regretted. It is to be hoped that one of there will be properly estimated in the Colonies. When General Burnside admitted that he proposed to run the line with English steamers, a howl was attempted to be got up on that score, which for a moment looked as if it might succeed, but ultimately good sense prevailed. General Burnside very quietly laid that ghost by pointing out that there were no American steamers afloat that would meet the requirements of the Australian route, and by stating that the English Government had offered to pay £20,000 per annum towards the Webb Line, American though it was. He also showed that the connection we proposed to cultivate was with British people, who were entitled to be considered. In respect to the now organisation, New South Wales will have very substantial guarantees that good faith will be kept. Apart from General Burnsides high position and monetary connection with England, Thomas A. Scott, whoso name appears to the bonds, has a credit in London which he cannot afford to trifle with. The Pennsylvania Central and other roads which he manages are large borrowers of money in the London market, and he therefore cannot afford to allow his name to be associated with any matters that would involve a question of good faith. Than the name of Thomas A. Scott none in this country stands higher in monetary circles. This, no doubt, can easily be learned by the Sydney Government, now that tele- graphic communication exists with London. Now that the Webb Line is about to be withdrawn, there is a very general feeling that Mr. Vogel has not been very well treated. Certain it is that his great efforts to promote the interests of the San Francisco route have not met with their due reward in the success of the line he so greatly favoured. Mr. Webb is very much blamed for not running boats that would make the time named in his contract. It is felt that if he bad really made the line effective at the first, he would now have been in receipt of the United States subsidy and also of other amounts from the Australian Governments, and that he would soon have found himself proprietor of an invaluable property. But it early became apparent that he cared only to get rid of old-fashioned, ineffective, and very expensive steamers, in which, unfortunately, his whole fortune happened to be sunk. Hence the failure of his line. In respect to the future, the outlook is promising. A better start seems to be probable this time. The whole thing is in hands that never yet failed in any- thing. Moreover, the route that is to be followed now is the right one. All Australian connexion was always essential. The port accommodations and cheap coal of Sydney are all important matters. Then experience has shown that our overland railways should be interested, and that the contractors should be responsible for the mails the whole way to England. Then again, efficient English steamers will this time be employed. Under all those circum- stances success is assured. 