OUR PARIS LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) OCTOBER 4. "Incapable but honest," was the general opinion entertained of Comte. de, Chambord until a few .days ago; but since he has written a letter to a partizan unknown to fame, posterity is requested to note that the .second adjective ,is withdrawn. It . is only another proof of the counsel '.'put not your.ifaith in princeB.' It is said that.men are onlyconsistentwhen in opposition ;now the-Comtede Chambord having sworn as many oaths as a dicer , or a lover, that he would never abandon his white flag—it being rank; blasphemy, ior the people to nail theirs, the tricolor,tothe mast—or the making of 7 the Pope temporally, first flower, of the earth and first gem of. the sea, and crushing St. Michael .and ; Satan fashion the consequence of .the First Revolution, now hints all these views.are pure, inventions of the enemy. Like M. Jourdain, and speaking prose, the Count has been a liberal all his life without knowing it. - This result;of the " fusion " was not expected. If Henri V. really intends "to " pope" .for. the. throne that it seems Providence specially created for him, he, must' speak to .,thft people neither in, parables ;nor in .platitudes. He. must put down his ! liberalism onipaper—which, will likely represent its value at the same time—sign,'seal, and " swear " .to it. _ The ghosts; of Charles X and Napoleon HL might come up for the occasion to encourage him to "^wear." When Home Tooke was asked to sign the tMrty-nine articles, he • replied," _with pleasure,^one hundred.and-thirty-nine.£f you wish." It'is -not in. that, spirit the finest peasantry under- this sun would like to : see Harry .the Fifth endorse the points of their,: Charter. No matter what he may recant, or the " dispensations" he ;may, receive, the Gomte de Chambord may become King owing to the."accident of an. (accident,;" but he will.never .be.the comer- stone of a nation, but a target r for a few.years: for paper pellets aud<the. whips and scorns ..of time. . May he be delivered from. being another kind of target, -like his dearly beloved cousin :Louis Pliillippe, _ whose life was attempted once a year, owingperhaps to his habit, of carrying a Sally Gajmp umbrella, which made him bo-remarkable and—famous. • The more the country desires to possess a common , sense.Republic, the stronger becomes the determination of - the. chance majority in .the Chamber ;.to. bestow upon it a Monarchy. The people, certainly .dp not want this ,kind of neatness , thrust upon it; but . their sovereign; Assembly,, is like woman—"If she owill do't, -she will and there's an end on't." ..Besides. the Royalists are npt at all. fpolsrHjuite another appellation accprding. -, to., their opponents-vand'would not dr^g their King through,the mud, if they;(lid not believe.he. would emerge. "a,,tbiDg of beauty and a joy for ever.". , It is . not thought that the Radicals are an inch nearer po^er, since .they have selected the ".'Red" Prince ;Napoleon forchief. This alliance is one of the latest^ additions ;to "the sweep, aspect of Princes." .The moderate Republicans . find, like-the Egyptians, of old, that their, strength for the, moment lies in sitting,still. The last s ubj ect patriots tjiink about is the certain hard ..vrinter ptaa^jng both.'-citizens'and'rurals initheface. ; It.^is-a. n^is: take. to calculate. upon private charity to. relieve , aV-coming j misery;,of. ,-rost propflrtions. ;The j State;:, has •• had suspend public worke—fortifications and the manujFacture of big guns ^excepted on the jgrpiuid of Economy,' iad. the people have made all the bone^straping retrenchments possible. The French, bear in mind, are tlie only nation who have succeeded in making an appetizing dish out of dissolved bones—osseins. May tlie bones ever be forthcoming, aB there are ugly rumors that the tax-gatherer will lay on his stripes with , a heavy hand n0 matter what form of government, or possibly none at allj may be established. We have desired to rid ourselves of the invader, and must pay for'the whistle that charmed him away. The "-Five Milliards Polka" is very much in vogue, for thirty, six millions of people can dance to it, but it «ends a shiver through one, creates a sensation like' what a person in consumption must feel when his; health has been toasted. Yes, the hardships of the ensuing wip ter promise to be exceptionally severe.;. the misery cannot be so successfully disposed of as the cholera, and the purse of Sir Richard Wallace does not after all equal that of Fortunatus, for no foreigner^ Prussians excepted—is ever prevented frojn;best6wing donations and practising good. works. ' He; Jews have just celebrated the iLippow, or- Feast of Atonement, which requires a fasting and playing for twenty-four hours as well as a cessation from all worldly callings. Wonder what would be the effect ;if , politicians were to try -the. effects of a Kippour ? More especially . in' the case of the jmter of the ; , latest pamphlet . who profoundly observes.in, the opening passage, "that it is necessary to create a new Worid; as that which'is; 4n<aeht, is dead, and that which .is new-bom,; will immediately die." To'iheir credit belt said, the Jews abstain as a body from political agitations ; some bf the-ablest writers in the Paris journals. are Jews, and members of that persuasion occupy most important official positions. While the teeth of their co-religionists continue to be drawn —not on the painless extraction system— in Routnania,-here in Paris the Jews can find a.temppraiy'Promised Land, because France is perhaps! rich in the: production of all tliat is temporary. Sufferance, however, is-the badge; of all their ,tribe, as being ' very wealthy, every - Christian charity Appeals; t6 ,J them, and With success, for,assistance. They, fire' particularly diitinguislied for•',the: great^^...attention they devote to all-.their religious!duties. The Jewish' colony is - divided' • into' iome ten or twelve' sections, " ! or ; tribes when a member dies,' every surviyor is said to contnbute the' thousandth, or less quota lof tlie funeral expenses. If declined, tlie lainoimtis' carried to a general relief fund. .Income .hours B^a^e will, be. placed on hie tH&V;, which ®iay last for six or twelvp weeks. His pwn story, is now republished., in a; popular form, which is strange, as many.consider his book the most damning pieie of evidence against him. The jojirnals abound in plans of battle-fields and maps of Metz, and the (aipet^I^itlie^. demonstrate' in quite an off-hand way, that if .the . Marshal had done this, and: avoided-, that, we- would have had the French amy now quartered in Berlin.' Likely the two fair equestriennes, Whose evidence 'piquej curiosity so much, wiU also condemn the.prisoner's strategetic skill It -is xather too much to expect, that in the tremendous struggle among the newspapers, home and foreign^ to report the trial, the sensational press pf Paris will not hold its own. Any monient after "thV indictment has been read, the announcement that the accused has One can never forget " the harrowmg detailsi" obtained iat an .immense expense, supplied by a journal of Emperor Maximilian's executionfat .Queretaxo, a :month befote it tbdk place: ' In' .all ; the changes stiid chances in tiife' French character, politics apart, ho one'ean ,',evet' ilpjbriaid the working of the tribunals rinj^eir .dispensation of justice. The.trial may be tedious or short, direct or minute, ^but'it will be exhaustive, • And the judgment;dehvered sound. He heapeth up riches, and knowetli not who fihail -gather them, may bp .well applied to the late Dr. Nelaton, who ictt his immehse Wealthjfo lm .son, and the latter, is about sujjplying what is father omitte(l—pray.remember thejppor | for « iB sather,a.gppdf«8lu.on. to/^o,^^soj and aeserves to be encouraged,, especially on tne pg,rt of men like Nelaton, who -nobly rose from - indigeiicef' to', priors ^'^iid .'wealtli- "Spung JfSlatbn v.-ny^r^-ri-r --- -.: »,, endorsing flnV hospital; for ,:fiicur^ies- Strange dedicatibn .to & distingulshed.nian. Who was famous for. curing -everybody himself. ' In any case 1 some jamais recommend that the , building be rapidO pushed forward -and the pretenders ot au sorts admitted fpr life. People enquire what has Rochefortd°n® with all his fortune, for in the l^ 1 months of his cometic career he was reap ing gplden harvests.! In the late ««ie hu household furniture,- ^ it was- soriie '3000 -francs, ' ^ - ^u executor of his-Estate' avowe -that -w ^ the means ueaiio Ui 6f Support ou^wiw left for his children- noPKS It is then 3000 francs.-more >4han' P 086 ;?" the children of thosp whom RochefOrt pushed, to their natural jernunatioru:I It;.is' iacomiiion saying, among' >tha workpeople that nb„• matter whether iheievbhitions tlifeyitake part in be successful' or otherwise, all they re-, ceive inany. case is>tiue'blows. . Perhaps (the richest, andthemost lucky, man in France is sthe. > Due d'Aumale:; yet jie is not !at all popular ; his ambition is to be " second" inGauli His wealth will go to the Comte jde- Paris in : the • natural course of things, who.is not a millionaire. It has therefore been.a fortunate occasion, for- the Count, to be. reinstated • in the family Castle of Amboise, famous in history for the triumph of the Guises over the "Dumb Captain," the Prince, of Conde, and. where decapitations andhangings continued for. a month before the castle, and where the . young King, his brother, their attendants, and the ladies of the court. were daily-spectators. A short time' iago the Comte and Comtesse' de Paris' visited-this property after, being restored to them, in a very quiet manner and alone. Notbeing known, the house porter, like all such Cerberuses in Franco, was rude. The Count threw open the window of the dining-room to admire 'the landscape; - and ttis ordered not . to . do/ so by the^porter. The two visitors inspected other portions of the building,'and on departing passed through, the dining-room, when the, porter brutally called .upon the Count to close ..the 'window! The latter replied', boldly,' "I shall do so when I come to inhabit the castle in a few weeks.'" The porter was dismissed for his insolent bearing, and such ,is the history of the noise made about the! " poor concierge having been s^ht adrift, ifce." • We frave had another suicide with the revolved, by an officfer who was disgusted with life, after squandering a fortune to produp'e -that feeling. The best way of stopping this' mania now bo much the wwae is' for ' the press to pass over in silence the .theatrical ' descriptions of the events. More'interesting is the account of a poor man who lost bis affectionate wife, and by an Ovidian metamorphosis believed himself- changed into a "weeping willow. .He went about the streets with a flower- pot;on his head, announcing his transformation! 'Tis a. mad world, my masteis.| , , Music is J said, to be' .the. most.' demoinstrti-. ments in'geh'er&i;, WsemTileiii a Certain by-ptr^eft,',lite' laundry rriuiids,: woolcarclers', afid bakers, " to; be ; liired 1 by the nig&t;'6r,3ay,. 'or b&Qil;' '-. The owner of -a Mrifr-shbp'. ir^sUiji'', flie 1 offers | and demands'. ' A foir 'fijddler can be indiicedto roBin. hisbow for an evening for tbirfee franjfe, i?ut' a rising 'Pagaiiiin would 'de-' man&; fifttefn.. ' Ajnong 'the . minor afflictions which Ftwbtt e^pMences'is^thatof hefichildren of both sexes haviighowtoretuitfolciiool after their long vacation. lido not know how the girls are appeased; but the boys seem to fret, in proportion to the tips they receive. A .fiye-fraiic piece hate lost its power v to Msuage / their -grief. ' The' students. have ; nib - reason' " to rest and be thankful" tOwaHs/ the present goveroihspit, which contemplates abolish- ing .all. the healthy scholastic Reforms introduced !md 'contemplated by tfye ministry' pf' Thiers, for ' diminishing the •'•hours li of study;' increasing thtise for • recreation;.'improving'•' - the -daily bread, and multiplying recompenses. It is- said 1 ' youth " cominenceBin being Radical; how could any person 'expect young Prance "to give-the faintest vivafor Heriijt V. when he is associated 'withthe return to their- andikn regime ? • Thepractice : 6f' 'requiring 'collegians' to sketch a constitution for'Pranbe as/the "snbjefctof aprize egsiy/is to' bediscoiitinued. 'Xt'is found the' .practice remains with 1 'them through life, and in 'additibn'the : Reoord Office, is full of drafts'of model constitutions. - We are to tave when the -exhibition of very; • interesting OrienM 1 - ' curiosities closes; a showofall'' articles connebte'dwith f)a,bydom ;' stlch ^ 'cradles ' andperattibulatJbrs; feeding- bottles fend : feetjars,; ; lollypopS' 1 and toys;''squills -and night-light^ sbbthing^yrupb and^lotMng. Literature' will'iot be nfeglfected'^ frohi A. B; C?s f iip to'CMderilfe,' J^k ; and the Bean Stalky-and .kindred infantile, classics will find a loc4. ^Station,, ' Deputies are reported to be rehearsing their intended' speecKeS;- -thfe- ftirthcomiijj'Assembly, mthth&lrwives; for an audieiicfe.- 'It rt js hinted that not la few of J™ in r the Chatober'TOtih^cr 'br^tlirise discourses? to "isuitp'-circuWstaiioeis 1 ;• as -theughtfol patriots^sted during' Vgie' Reign of Terror.' 