DEAD. TO THE WORLD. {••I f •'.}'.• ClIAl'XEIt IV. : i'.'! I d ' i'J \- BIr;XBE ,ATJTHGE :.OF;' : LOVE /WIN'S TILE V^Y," .... ... V k " ' . • iWsENiGhai-les Elton: ffiad- enveloped Agnes • in i rtthe. cloak; ."lie led liec d'o\vn a passage' 1o the innyard, where he had a carriage w'aiting.. -Handing lier in.- and taking -lu's seat: beside her, they • dashed off tit a rapid pace. . Through the wind and rain and blackness of the night they rattled on, the lightning at intervals flashing' in .upon; "them, and the thunder rolling' and 'rumbliiig in -the distance. It wilL not be lieed&l; to fGllow them step by step, but simply to estate tha-tj after" ti-avelling iightj afirived at the village of.Asht-on.,. . ..-..-. : Charles went immediately to the clergyman, to give liim notice that lie should require his services .; and in le&s;, tlian ;an hour he led-Agnes ^^t^tiiejlittle^^cliurfcla,'whfere the marriage cere- *" mony"%as performed',~and r tBe^SSryrBmB. r ''^onounced- themma^-auTl.Tvife'.. r :; Charles pressed Agnes to his heart, and imprinted a lovingiiss upon: her lips,.as he said, " God bless you, my darling wife; and I pray tha;t yon Traay.never.know, a .sorrow, that I can guard y'dii fopin." Agnes veiled' laer face to .hide the'tears wiich welled' up in her eyes, and forced th'eir way from beneath the soft silken lashes.. .... • > * •' /•• • * • ' - j - * ' * . . ^ ; When Mrs."i3a^tdri had', somewhat reeovbred .froiii jthe' fright arid sn-rprise' 6f Ag^es's sadden disappearance, she quesiioned a servant as to who had been at the inn. beside themselves, and . ascertained that' a gentleman' had" arrived ,in a carriage ^shortly after they had; The girl-s*-description left lio doubt • ik Mrs. Baynton's mind ; as tp;who 'he was. It was Charles Elton,--and Agnes had gone off ^vitli him: ; Her .first ttonghtt was'to go in pursuit: but how was she to find-.them ? which road had they, taken ? She could .get. 110 satisfactory informa-. tion :on : th'at subject 'from.'anyone.. The landlord said that he 'certainly had : seen the carriage di'ive oif, and thStiwas all he could tell. Then, -aga;in^tlie' nigTit was such a stoi-my one that she was frightened at the idea of venturing out, even if she had known which road to take. No ! the die .was cast,' 'and >tfaey must take their .own course; she was powerless. . . Left thus by herself in. a. estrange house, thepoor old lady felt a sense of di-eariness ,and soli-. tude -wbicV ehe^lbadj never beforc^>cy«iced. i IBhe Jh^bt« slie home she could havcjbftruc tMsdcsertiop better... ^VitH n s^oMul f countcriance aud « 4 cart ill at easeshfe Tetired^o be? cbgmbcr;5but a|thoiigh . she courtfed sleep^it wbulS notrf%ome. |nd she arose in the mofeing , Mni«frfi6bed' bolbpn ibody ^ and minS. At ian eailjr hour she sat jfout for, B^ooksmead. f g - • . , " g \- When pannah saw her mistress xetnip ftlonc,3 sbe exclaimed, in a tone of "alarm. "Where's' Miss Agnes ?" ^tJO-Hamiah !" saidJtfes.^ Jt^oyiiton,, .bursting, liho&lsfrs;|'i Axe's goiie,4rr'she'stJ'eft m^j; ;« . ! jwhy^where feishe fpntefto-VL i "That I can't tell you," replied her mistress : ^' but this-is -how - it- happened.'i... Aiid „then.._sli.a. detailed,., all the, circumstances, lamenting over the ingiStitude.of chiifii-'en.; j > ;,; ! \- " Lor', .mum, don't take on aixmt it so," said a handsomer young gentleman in a day's march than what- Mr. Elton is; and you know, mum, joiing people ^ill^etiinianiedj as their mothers 'got maTiied afore'em.'' •• •. i " ¥es, yes, Hannah," replied Mrs. Bayntori. " 1 inbw^lli'tljat ;'but it does not make Miss •Agnes's case any better. • She^s been disobedient "both to me and her best friend, Mrs. Yane; but there," continued the-old lady; "it's no use to say anything-more to you about it." ~ . The following,day. Mrs. Baynton. sat in the ; little, parlour,' conjecturing .whether she should ;see ror bear-]-anything of. Agnes, when Hannah suddenly burst into the room exclaiming: f"Here tbeyVare, mum, as I'm alive and she bounded to ; the front door and openedJt. Mrs. • Baynton had been so, absorbed "in. her bogitations that she shad not .beard .the carriage stop -at the gate, and Hannah's exclamation : caused ber to start from her seat as if she had been electrified. . In another instant Charles and. Agnes stood before her.; .; v;. . "My dear madam," he said,- leading Agnes up to her mother, " like naughty children who have, done wrong we come to beg your forgiveness." ... " My forgiveness, Mr. JEiton !. I wonder you should ask it, after actiiig as you have done." " I ask it because . .our;! happiness will not be complete- without: it." • • y r "You. should have considered that before," she replied somewhat sharply. " O mamma dear,"pleaded Agnes in her softest voice, '' you must not be angry; you know you have often said that : your greatest pleasure was to see me happy." , ^ .: ;;: \ ; 4 ' And so it always, has ;been;. but I did not expect you woiild . -take; an. undue advantage of my confidence.". :.;'/;.; : ; ?...,-... ..... "Dear, dear mamma,^-said Ague's, " I know it waa wrong; but; then, " she continued, looking :up at: Charles, and colouring .with pleasure, '' I loved him so much. You forgive me, dear, dear mamma, will you not ?" she went on coaxingly- . kissing ber tenderly, her love suddenly overpowering her ^cfcbllictioiis'-of ? the disobedience Tif iier child;^' yes, -yes;"-she cried, as she folded Her-in "ber arms,' ; M I dopIMorforgitfeiyouli; but it was very, very.-wrpng^and it is very hard to part with you." v; • : . • ' " It is I,". said Chai-ies,'' .who have been chiefly to blame; therefore let.your anger, if any reniains,. fall upon me." •; : = , • ; •'-It is inot; my, forgiveness: only you have to get," said Mrs. Baynton, as a sudden thought seemed to strike, her, M it is,Mrs. Vane's." , " I.don't see; what Mrs. Vane has to do with it," broke rill Agnes. . "No, child, no ;-butJ do," said her mother. "I fear she may resent this hasty stej); you know she has been a great friend to us both." " As "to: the future; in a pecuniary: sense, Agnes will not require any assistance from her, or any^ne-jeTse;: andfas fari ia's: iyou are. .concerned, if there be any^need- Jor.jitj; J can make that up to you," said Charles. " ' Thank vou, thank you," said Mrs. Baynton; "for myself I need nothing; but still—"' And ; she paused. '-' " Still what; my dear madam ?" asked Charles. : " Nothing, nothing;;I cannot tell- yoii now,' she replied; J-inust have time to think." * . * * * ' * • The first few months of Agnes's married life passed without alloy. Never had a wedded pair lived in a greater wealth of love: ' Charles idolised his wife; while she lavished upon 'him her young beartis piu-e afiection. Their home might truly be called the cottage of content. They were one evening sitting by the window, watching the moori rise from behind a bank of clouds. " Agnes was leaning her head on her husband's shoulder, while his arm encircled her waist. . . ' . . ' How' beautiful she looked as the soft-beams of the queen of night played upon her f ace i -' There was, however, on those lovely features a shade; of sadness which vvas foreign to her" nature 7 ;: for site was ever a, "laughtei^looking girl. After a silence of sorhc ini-mites, she; heaved a deep sigh. " What's the matter, dear Agues he asked tenderly; '.'; J jf /i v, .. "There is noticing .,the*. lmatter: I feel rather low-spirited," she : ;replied., " Low-spii-ited'J". he said, looking into her face: "why, wliat. has occurred to "make you sad?" ; V. P> notMng at present," .she said; " but I feel a presentiment of cbining evil.'' "^What nonsense !" he replied, laughing. "Yoii'may laugh: but I am siife,°by the depression on i)iy spii-its. that something bad is' going to happen." • "Why, Agnes! I did not think you were superstitious." -'•-•-" " No, neither am L" . " But, my dear girl, what else can you call it?" " I don't know, but what I call superstition is believing in ghosts; and supernatural.things." ; " Well, if ybirthink "because your spirits are a little, depressedj^.tliat that is a reason why you should- snti^4te'' 'some'''iinpending evil, I really, don't see the difference between the one and the other. How else would you define it?" yXTc^Me^laiu itv I only, kuwv^hat »1 eu . this .description some ^y^&ar; Jgnes, the woner^ou -get 111 of'su«le^ingI:#ip. sbefter; for, depend til Oa it is potbi^. lut'a-morbidness, \^iicb I cmnot al&jj-S;&iLito;'"indulge in. So conw^yfe.n nnj ioi tlie c^dliM- and have, some music." As Ibon as tb'e:'servant had placed tl c light t on th|Mble, and left tbe room, lie continued CoiJe,-iny bSi'ny bird, come and sing,...-- . "Charles, dear," sbe said, "I do not tlunk I canning to-night. JW.lrupnww-j^.-. , u "I know it is very foolish ; but I cannot help ,it.._Jf.anything.were ,to arise to mar the happiness in which we live, I don't kiiow wbatl should dp." | fSuppose,; for unstance,, tb^t; your father should "discover oui- marriage, aid try to seiWat« us,'' I'am -sure dt'W<nild li)e my-death L " Well," said Charles, "I am not at aU surprised at your having presentiments, as you call them, if this is the way you torment yourself. What a -little simpleton ! No one lias ibe power to separate man and wife," lie continued, pressing to his-heart. . • "No, not legally; but you don't know what he might attempt." " Well, darling, I'm not going to worry myself with any sucli surmises, and 1 advise you to do tbe same; my father loves me too well to do anything that would cause me unhappiness." All Charles's arguments failed to convince Agnes thai sbe was in error, but sbe was too wise-to. continue tbe subject, arid the conversation ended. . The following morning Charles went to a neighbouring town to fetch his letters, and when be returned Agnes noticed that his countenance, wore a look of vexation. '' What is the matter?" she asked, hastily rising and going to him; " ydu have some bad news,,I am sure you have !" " Now, don't alarm yourself, my dear Agnes," he said, laughing, as he looked at the sorrowful •expression of her face; " there is nothing really the matter, except that I shall have to leave yon for a short time." " To leave; me! " she repeated. . " Yes,, dear, I have received a letter from my lawyer, which obliges me to go to London. I find it lias jbeen delayed a day; therefore, as the business is'urgent, I must be off at orice." "Did I riot tell you that something was going to happen?" she said. "My dear Agnes, do not give way to such superstitious foEy," he said, kissing her tenderly. " Come, get rid of that dolorous look; you may be sure I shall return as speedily as possible; I would not leave my little darling for an hour,, if I could avoid it." " No; dea.r, I know yoii would not," she said, forcingl back her tears. And she left the room to make the necessary preparations for her lius- Jband's journey. In less then an hour all was ready, ,'arid Charles said, Now, dear Agnes, you had better stay with your mother until I return, for if you reipiain here .alone, brooding over my absence, . the chances are that you will fret yourself iiitb an illness.". "No, dear Charles, I'll try not to do that," she replied, the tears again springing into h.cr •eyes, at the thought of this their first separation, ...'.' . • " I shall write to you immediately I arrive in London; and now good-bye," he said, foldmg her in his arms. '.' Farewell, dear Charles!" audcluiging fondly to his,neck, she continued, "If we never meet again; remember that my last sigh, my last prayer will be for you." One moment more, another fond embrace, and he was gone. •'•*'•''• # * * * * • • After hei 1 husband's departure, the time to Agnes went by on leaden wings. She had heard from him several times; but the business which had called him to tovyn was not settled, therefore he could fix no definite time for his return. His letters were full of ardent and impassioned love, and were a great solace to her mind. She would, however, have been happier if she could -have replied to them, but as no arrangement had been made where she could address a letter, she was obliged to remain quiescent. Although the time appeared to pass so slowly to Agnes, nevertheless it did run on, and days had merged into weeks, and still Charles did not. return'. Agnes's disquietude began to tell upon her. The rosy tinge had almost forsaken her cheeks: ^her step, which used to be light and buoyant., was rio.w dull arid listless; and she would sit for hours With her husband's letters in her lap: reading first one and then tbe othei\ " No letter again to-day, mother !" she said: "it is now a week since I received the Mst. What can be the. reason of this silence ?" " It is impossible to tell, my dear child," said her mother? " but you must learn to control your feelings, aiid bear with patience tlie disappointments which you will more or less have to encounter. After all, a week is not so very long." " Bear mother, I will try," said poor Agnes, the tears streaming down her face, " but you do notkriow* how my heart aches with this- uncertainty." • CHAPTER V. - ANXIOUS MOMENTS. To look upon a young man stricken down in the prime of his youth and strength, even though i he be.a stranger, is a sight to melt the heart and excite the feelings of the most stoical. Who then shall depict the agony of mind, the fearful revulsion .of feeling, the sinking; as it i were'. into.an abyss of sorrow, which the Marchio- j ness of Dinorben experienced as she gazed upon the pale unconscious form, of her beloved and oiily son ? Trie world had suddenly become a blanks-lie was her all, the very sun of her system; and j without him, for whom she had planned and-' schemed and plotted, the future became a ^larkrf and dreary void, i Sbe waited vitTOc^e^^Wi^S'tion the aunilof Dr liydei How long thbfc ihimit e ; eemed s How hn issm^-is t)ns\s vt»>of hope aiidlfcar! : Waslic deadl couM tlici:p;l?e life in thit gba tly unconsciojiis foun' t>ik\ is it death tlrnt sit* upon his bio>\ ? % ^ At Inst the doctoi armed calm and self pos igesscd. jMfe wau accompariied bylus a^sistjint, Sind imtneliiately t)i*lered thevmarchioness and the res toof the f emales. 'With the .exception of >Mrs. Dawson, out df.jtlie room? 1 " • .. v v^i About half an hour afterwards, clunnff which period the marchioncss had been silently pacing -her room—the .doctor issued from the chamber, aiifl jsqugnt ner presence. \- Well,Ulcfct ; oi'!" -si)e said in a trembling voice, and advancing hastily towards him, " is there -any "hope-?" — — — - • "Yes, my lady,-there is hope, though but a faint one. "The marquis has sustained, a g'evere fracture of the skull, and unless the greatest care is" taken ~'6iTn^T^rn<ft T 'aiV^%W'fov"h1s''lifc."'"' "Thank God, thank"'God !" she murmured; " it miglit have been worse." 4 H . 9 J V J t h e . d o p t p } 1 . . •„. " I do riot triow any more th'Kn 'yourself," 'she replied, " but I will send; for Monk—he perhaps can tell us.". . .......,- She rang the bell and ordered the^r-room into her presence. " ' • ' ';Monk," she said, .when the : man -entered, "you rode with your master to-day. How did all this happeD ?" " I hardly know, niy lady. . My lord.stopped to dinner with. Sir Thomas Lilwall, and it was more than nine o'clock when we started. We had just got to the other end of the village, when a dog, a nastv snapping thing, jumped over a stile, and running between Ronald's legs began to bark, and he Went off, my )lady, like a flash o' lightning. I followed as fast as'I could,"but it was so dark I couldn't see twenty y^i-ds before me. I could hear the noise of the horse's feet on the hard road: presently that stopped, and then I knew they had got on to the common, for I could still hear'the thud of 'eni on the turf. I galloped on till I heard : the cry of a' man. I knew there was an old chalk-pit near by—" The marchioness uttered an exclamation, and put her hands before her eyes, as if to shut out the dreadful vision ; and Monk proceeded: "So I pulled up and'dismounted, and after searching about for some time I found it, and at the bottom was the marquis and llonald, us I thought, dead. So, my. lady, I went to Farmer Dobson's and got assistance, and brought him home." " You did right.," said the marchioness, " and I shall not fail to remember you. You may retire." The groom bowed and left the room. " Is that man to be-trusted?" asked the doctor when the door Was closed;-. '• Yes," she replied. " Why do you ask ?" "Because the marquis's watch -and pocketbook are missing." ' " " They may have been detached in the fall. I will have the pit searched in the morning. Have you any other-reason for asking ?" "No. The story of the cause of the accident seems plausible: but the disappearance of the watch and money seemed to me to be suspicious." " As far as Monk is concerned, I think I can vouch for his honesty," she replied. • Dr. Ryder said no more, but taking a respectful leave of . the marchioness, returned to the sick room. For maiiy hours he watched the young marquis with unremitting attention. Towards noon of the following day the injured man opened his eyes for a second or two, arid closed them again." In this state of insensibility, oscilllating between life and death, he 3ay for more than three days. His eyes were closed, a bluish tinge encircled his riiouth, and such was the pallor of his cheek that, but for the faint respiration, only perceptible now aud again, he might have been mistaken for a corpse. Food he could take none, oxcr.pt. in a liquid state; and when this was given him. he seemed to swallow it unconsciously. Thus the weary days wore on, and the marquis still lay stretched upon his bonch, hovering between life and death. Meantime the old clialk-pit had been searched, but neither watch, money, nor pocket-book was found, A mother's love is a beautiful and holy thing ; arid this accidcut called up all the deeper and nobler features of the marchioness's character. She watched her son with jealous enre and unwearied assiduity; and ait'last, by slow and lingering degrfees, he began to. recover. The -state of weakness to which he had been reduced prevented anything like a rapid convalescence ; and nearly a month elapsed before he could leave his bed. At last the day arrived when he was able to take-an airing in the park ; and a glad day it was at Elswood Hall. The old "servants— many of whom had known him from a child— shed tears of mingled joy aiid sorrow : of joy at seeing their young master again abrofid ; and of sorrow at the sight of his pallid cheek aiid long thin" hand, and of the thought of the. amount of suffering he'must have undergone to have reduced his manly frame to the state in which they now. saw him. 