' GHOSTg 'AbBLlks.: , ' . i . It would be easy to fill ipage . after : page < with the. details mf thri various 'ideas ohtertai'n'ud 'abodt ghoBtB, goblins, 'arid 'd'eittbhs. . SU'cb 'id'Hiis' extend not drily to theappeararice'o'f su'cll beings. their apparel, .dpphrtenmjces, .and _sp_ on j But to the noiBeB which they make either of tbeinaelves or by1 means 'of ' vurioris' 'shperri'a'tuVal 5 objects- which tbey,are: supposed .! to | parry 'about with them. Thus,-r ; . J' ;t J . a ' . . . "Thejhoeted (load Iljd squeak and gib ber iu tlio Kotoaq streets A. lifjl'e ejje.jtfi' miljpes'JrihiisJeiyj " t '-j Isunw riri face', so few have been ;(inpwri,tp,speii, with full.vpicg. t iThiri jriayi bje becpuse jhe noisea heard at the hours when ghost's are .eeen are not 'pueh as can by i|riy. poSaibJily mistakon for the human voice/in its ordinary times, while, lfevor- tbeless, an excite'd iiuagintttidu Tan fnimb's'pok'eii Words outrof thel straiigeVsourids'/. wbicfij can be' heard in almost every house iu the stillness of jiight. "This also serves' to'acconiU for the iibtioii' that glioste can' 'clhrik : chains, 'or riiilke other dismal noises. SoViiids heard'kt (light are highly deceptive j'ariniall noiaScloae by 'is taken for>'a loud noise ht a llistunce (not necbssh'rily ' a , very greri't distance)'; rind'a iidise niadp bobjecta 'of orie kirid'wiil Be'niisfat'eil1. for''ribiae's'mjiye 'by bBje'cts.rif 'ii A. frieri'd of iniri'e foiri ntri', lie .bad disturbed twp nights fariniugli," sound ae pf au . army traijip- ing dy wri, a . road .which .passed . eoiiie 200 , yards from Kii fiqris'e;; he fcjurid. the, third nigl\t (I li'ad suggested an experiinenlal,. tea.t tie t(> the place1 (vljeuce.tiie sound cauie)- that the noise was pro-! duced by a clock .iu - tbe iirixt: house, the' cluck . having. ,beeri :newly . placed; 'against the party-1 wall!' We. all .know Carlyle's stdry of the ghostly yoice beard each evening by a low-spirited' in-iif; —ir voice as of onfej iri' like' doleful dhiiips, p'ro- claiittiiig1, " ririctj I tvae lin p'-hiip-happy,' but now I am' mi'Strkble;"— fi'tid jljow t'lie 'gh'bst ' resblvriij' itself 'iiit'oa rusty kil'ShmV-jilck'. ' There is a' ciis'e herself the, victim of sbm'e delusion,' Vri'dperli'dps/jthreiiieiieq bypp;, proacbiug illness, jbpciiiYse . each . night, about (jiiacter'bf ai; .jlojir. uf tq j. ajie ' liad .gone , to riedj. pile heard a hideous, dm in the ueighboiifdiood pf her. hapae,;pr e|se.(ahe,\yasr uncertain., which) in sbuie. distant rpou|:; ,,, The noise was , in , reality the slightest , possible. creak (ivithin a few feet of her pillow) iio.wever), iiud produced by the- door of a wardrobe wliiob Bhe closed every night just bbfore goftiug1 into 'bed. The 'dooh, about a quarter of » an - hour" after 'b'eiiig closed, recovered ' its positioli of ' rest, .Slightly bey'dud which1 it had' been' pushed iii clusing. Iii aribtlifer 'o'aiej1 tbe'cfawljlig of a snail a'cross a window prodiicetl'syriricla which were 'iiiis'tqk'eri ' for tho atraiiVs p.f loud j.bu t ,dlstari t riiusic.. It is, pB'rhaps, not gpirig.too far'to. Bay. that our irioclerti spirits,, who ideal ;,iu: noiso-maUingas well as iu. furriiture-tiiting. (of yet more tnarvellous feats we say nothing), are nut. acquainted with the means by which the ear; may be deceived as in the cases just considered. Some sounds said to be heard during dark .seances suggest tlie suspi- , cion; It Will be seen that the' opinion io which I inclirie— as tho beat rind perhaps orily natural' interpretation, of' events supposed to be super natural—is that real sight's arid soiiri'da Hre 'modi fied by tlie iiliagirirition, either excited of diseased, into seemingly supernatiirai' occur rences. It does not seem ,lo me likely that in any large prpportion.of 'recorded (and presumably yeraciu'ns) ghost-stofica there .lias been an actual phantom of the brain. Such phantoms are some times seen, no doubt, arid unreal voices are eoinetiiiies heard ; but the condition of the. brain which leads to suoh effects must be regarded aa altogether exceptional. Cortaiuly it is riot coin-- mon. On tbe coutrary, tbe play of fancy by which images are formed from objects iri no way connected with the picture raised in the lriind iB a common phenomenon. Although some minds possess the faculty more fully than olliera, few actually Want it. I suppaBo there is not one perepii in , a thousand who cannot see " faces iri the lire," for instance, though to some tho pic- t hrpR so nrodnced are much more vivid than to others. — Cornhill Magazine. 