LITERATURE OF THE MONTH. j [BIT OUR LONDON UOIUlMPONDIiirr]. j Lombard-street : a description of the Money Market. By Walter Bagehot, 7s. Od. (Ii. S. King and Co^ This writer's aim is to attack tte policy pur- sued by the Bank Directors, and to find fault with the constitution of the govern- ing body of tbe Bank. For this purpono ho reprints several articles from the Economist, and calls his book " Lombard street," and not " The Money Market," in order to show that be means to deal with concrete realities. He says " the money market is as real and concrete as anything else, that it can be described in a few words-that it is the writer's fault if what he says is not clear." In the third chapter we are told "How Lombard came to etist, and why it assumed its present form.*' Io its origin the Bank of England " waBiiot only a finance com- pany, but a Whig finance company. It was provided by a Whig government because it was in desperate want of money, and supported by the ' City,' because the ' City ' was Whig." Very briefly the story was this-" The G-nvern tnent of Charlea II (under the Cabal ministry) had brought the credit of the English State to the lowest possible point. It had perpetrated one of those monstrous frauds, which are likewise gross blunders. The Goldsmiths, who then carried on upon a trifling scale what we should now call banking, used to deposit their reserve of treasure in the ' Exchequer,' with the sanction and under the care of the Government. In many European countries the credit of the state has been, so much better than any other credit that it has been used to strengthen the beginnings of banking. The credit of the State bad been so used in* England ; though there had lately been a civil war and and several revolutions, the honesty of the English Government was trusted implicitly. But Charles II. showed tbat it was trusted uudeservedly. He shut up the Exchequer, would pay no one, and so the Goldsmiths were ruined. Tiie credit of tho Stuart Government never recovered from this monstrous robbery, and the Government created by tbe revolution of 1C88 could hardly expect lo be more trusted with money than its predecessor. In 1691 the credit of William III.'s Government was so low in London that it was im- possible for it to borrow any large sum, and the evil was the greater because, in consequence of tho French war, the financial straits of the Government were extreme, it last a scheme was hit upon which would relieve their necessities. "The plan," says Macaulay, " was that £1200 should be raised at what was then considered es the moderate rate of 8 per cent." In order to induce the sub- scribers to advance the money promptly on terms so unfavourable to the public, the subscribers were to be incorporated by the name of the Governor and Com- pany of tho Bank of England. They were so incorporated, and the £1,200,000 were obtained. In speaking of the economical power of Lombard street our author remarks, " Everyone is aware that England is the greatest moneyed country in the world; everyone admits that it has much more imme dediately disposable and ready cash than any other nation. But very few persons are aware bow much greater the ready balance-the floating loan fund which can be lent to anyone, or for any pur- pose-is in England than it is anywhere else in the world. A very few figures will show how large the London loan fund is, and how much greater it is than any other. The kmwii deposits- the deposits of banks which publish their accounts-are in London (31st December, 1872) £120,000,00(1 Varis (27tU February, 1873) 13,000,000 Now York (February, 1873) 40,000,000 German Empire (31st Juno, 1873) 8,000,000 Headers may differ from the author as to the functions of the Bank of England, but he has here presented us with a book full of useful information, much of which will be new to -most readers, and written it in a clear and attractive stylo. His statements too are fair, and by no means one-sided. The Life of John Milton : By Dr. Marson ; 18»., vol. III. (Macmillan.) We have now the third volume of this important, painstaking, and exhaustivo work given to the public. It embraces a period of six importaut years, whether wc consider these years from a domestic and personal or a public point of view the years when England was fighting those civil wars between king and parlia- ment. At the close of the second volume, Dr. Marson left Milton in his house in Aldersgate-street, soon nfl er his marriage with May Powell, awaiting the return uf his young wife who had gouo on a visit to her parents in Oxford- shire. It soon became apparent that she did not intend to return to her hus- band, which so aroused his indignation that he published his first treatise on Divorce. In tho following year ho pub- lished his " Tract on Education," and another treatise on Divorce, which roused public opinion against, and espe cially stirred the indignation of the Presbyterians. Dr. Marson observes that this great man wau strangely oblivious of the claims of women, and the tract points to that direction " of that stem form of thu notion of woman's natural and essential inferiority to man which ran with visible effects through his whole subsequent life. If not his ideal of women, at least hi» estimate of what was to bo expected from actual wemen, and- what was, on tho average, lo be accorded to them, had been permanently lowered by a bad first experience." This opinion of Dr. Marson's will not be endorsed by every one. However low a view Milton might take of the sex, he was contemplating another marriage, treating tho first as void, when his wife returned to her husband's roof, begged forgiveness for the past, and was reinstated in ber former position. It was at this time that he first published a collected edition of bis poetry. Milton behaved very nobly towards his wife's friends, who were Royalists, and gave them the refuge of bis home when they were driven from , Oxfordshire by the success of the Par- liamentary cause. A very interesting portion of Dr. Mareon's work is that which gives a sketch of Milton's father, and hia life with his eon, with whom he was long resident. He died in 1647 at Milton's home, in the Barbican, whither he had removed from Aldersgate-street about a year and a half previously. In the midst of Milton's early domestic - troubles, he published his famous " Areopagitico," a plea for the liberty of ' unlicensed printing, and which com- manded the attention of the whole nation. We have in this volume not only the personal life of Milton, but the history of Milton's times, in which be was a prominent political characten. T' ¡ present volume opens with a history ara review of the Westminster Assembly, which began itB sittings in Henry VII.'s Chapel, July I, 1043. At this period the chances of war were against the Parliament and the prospect for liberty was dark. Tbe book ends in 1649, when Parliamentary interests had triumphed, and Charles was executed. The remain- ing portion of Milton's Life and Times will be narrated in succeeding volumes. The Life and Letten of St. Francis Xaufcr. By H. J. Coleridge, ti.J. (Burna and Oats.) The author of this book, who is a brother of the Attorney General, has devoted much time; patience, and industry in collecting the materials of which this book is composed, and, as he is himself a Jesuit, we presume it has been a labour of love. . Xavier's letters are by far the most interesting part of the work. They are dated from many eastern countries, and testify"*/ tho extraordinary character and po#er of the writer. Greater knowledge ot Japan and its characteristics only show , to us in the present day bow true bis estimate of that country and its inhabi- tants. The correspondence of the saint is well worth reading. We cannot say much for the life as written by his biographer ; that is altogether inferior, and betrays more zeal than discretion. Foois: By Edward Smith, M D., L.L.B., F.E.B., 5s. (King and Co.) This object is at all events of great importance to all, and of great interest to most people. That this is a valuable treatise there can be no doubt"; it may- be just a little too scientific for the general reader, for Dr. Smith is so com i pletely at home in his .subject, that he seems to forget that other people are : not. So there is undoubtedly much in j it that the least scientific can read' with interest. Dr. Smith remarks:-"Largely increased commercial intercourse with distant countries, associated with a marked improvement in the purchasing power of the masses of the people, and the rapid increase of wealth generally, directed public attention to the subject of foods and dietaries in au unusual degree, sa that not only is there a greater importation of foreign produc- tions than formerly, but new foods, or new preparations of foods, are produced almost daily, some of which are especially fitted for certain classes of persons as children ; whilst others are of general use." There ismuclito be learnt fromwhat our author says of eggs, and be considers it would not be possible toezaggerate their valué aB articles of food. The feeding of the fowl has far greater influence over the flavour of the egg than is usually acknowledged, for tho.egg of the stray fowl on the Irish bog is far less rich than that of the well-fed barn door fowl or a fowl which is in part fed with kitchen scraps. There is no egg of a bird known which is not good for food, or which could 'not be eaten by. a hungry mao. The digestion of an egg is not so rapid a procès? as might bare been anticipated, for the time is that of the digestion of mutton-viz., three to four boure. Fluids from an instructive portion of this work-their use and abuse is laid before thc reader. After soma remarks on tea-drinking, our author say« ..- -" Tho conclusions at winch we arrive after our researches in 1858 were that lea should not be taken without food, unless after a lull meal, or with insufficient food, or by the young or very feeble, and that its essential action is to waste the system or consuma food, by promoting vital action which it does not support, and they have not been disproved by any subsequent scientific researches. Memoirs and Letters of Sara Cole- ridge: Edited by her daughter ; 2 vols. ; 24s. (LI. 8. King and Co.) These deeply interesting volumes deserve attention ns being tho memorial of a highly-gifted and womanly woman, to whom interest attaches not only for her own sake, but also because through her life we aro brought again into contact with the life ol' ber illustrious father, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, and his circle of friends. Sara was intellectually her father's own daughter, and she passed her youth in severe and diligent study. Shé was born December 22, 1802, and tells the story of her life till she was fifty years old, at which point death put an end to her autobiography, and the remainder of her life.is charmingly told by her daughter. In 1822 she met heir liest cousin, Heury Nelson Coleridge, and after an engagement of seven years they were married. In 1843, after a union of only thirteen years, Henry Coleridge died of a spinal paralysis, ile was the great Coleridge's literary executor, and after his death his wife succeeded to the task, lier daughter says-"lu the fulfilment of the sacred trust she found occasion to illustrate and adorn the works which fell under her editorship with several compositions of no inconsiderable extent, and display- ing powers of critical analysis and of doctrinal, political, and historical re- search of no mean order. This testimony is true. She lived but nine years after her husband, and resigned her unfinished task to the bands of her brother, tho Hew Derwent Coleridge. lier married life was a very happy one. In a letter to Mrs. Gillman, at whoso house she bad first met lier husband, she writes, " Since our first meeting, now twenty years ago, DO two beings could be more intimately united in heart and thought than we have been, or could have bees more intermingled with each other in daily and hourly life. He concerned himself in all my feminine | domestic occupations, and admitted mo into close intercourse with him in all his higher spiritual and intellectual lifo." Tho Memories of Life at the Lahes is exceedingly interesting, written in a natural style, with no straining for effect. The same naturalness charac- terises all his letters, no matter what the subject, whether abstruse or relating to the common affairs of life. Wo give a short extract from one of her letters respecting her father's death :-" His frail house of clay was so illumined that its decaying condition was less percep- tible. His departure, after nil, seemed to come suddenly upon us. . . . Mrs. Gillman's notes, written since his doatli, sro \ .'ecious testimonies to me of his worth and attaching qualities. In ono of them she speaks of ' the influence of his beautiful nature on our domestics, his forgiving nature, his heavenly mindedness, his care not lo give offence unless duly called on him to tell home-truth, his sweet and cheerful temper, and so many moral qualities of more or less value, and all adorned by his Christian principles. This was indeed Christianity. To do good was his anxious desire, his constant prayer, and-all with such real humility, never any kind of worldly accommodating the, truth to anyone, yet not harsh or severe, never pretending to faults or failings that he had not, nor denying those that he thought he had. But as he himself said of a dear friend's death, ' it is recovery, and not death ! ' Blessed are they that sleep in the Lord-his life is hidden in Christ. Physiologists hold that" it is during sleep chiefly that we grow ; what may we not hope of such a sleep in such a bosom." A True Reformer. 3 vols.,.(Blackwood and Sons.) This story is a political novel,and the reform proposed is military reform. The author is Colonel Francis Chesney, the writer of tbe well-known brochure " The Battle of Dorking." As a tale, the story is unequal. The opening chapters are very interesting, and de- tailed accounts are given of Anglo-Indian life, which prove the author's intimate knowledge of his subject. The more serious part of the book, which relates to tho re organization of the army, and the national defences, is by far the most able, and it would have been more likely to meet with the attention it deserves had it been presented in another form than that of a novel. Untrodden Peaks and Unfrequented I alleys: By Amelia B. Edwards, 21s. (Longmans.) This is a narrative of a midsummer topr in the Dolomites, in South Eastern .Tyrol, illustrated by sketches foam the anther's own pencil. The enthusiastic tone of the writer ou scenery, the inhabitants, and the absence of tourists, is enough to show that a tour in this part may be delightful, and the book is so pleasant and readable, that those who are not' contemplating a tour hither will be interested in it. The ladies . mounted to the ton - of ' one mountain never before reached by a traveller, and the view from it is thus described :-" It revealed a vast circular amphitheatre, like the crater of an extinct volcano, strewn with rent crags, precipices riven from top to bottom, and enormous fragments of rock, many of which are at least as big as the clock tówer of Westminister. All these are piled one upon another in the wildest confusion. AU ate prostrate, save one gigantic needle, which stands upright in the midst of the circle, like an iceberg turued to stone. Dulce Dornum : Essays on Home Life ; By frederick Perry, M.A. (Strahan and Co.) Asmaybeiuferredfromthetitlethese essays treat upon subjects which cluster round " Home, sweet Home." Not only aro the obvious duties of the heads of tbe household in their varied relations discussed, but physiology amusements, Sundays, and objcctsiudircctlyconnected with family life, are also considered. We append a few wise remarks as a sample of what the book contains :-" Let there be abundant ventilation. God may sup- ply the most balmy climate, but if we confine it and vitiate it in our bouses it ie of no avail." " All amusements that are undue, unsuitable, and excessive are haunted ; and the ghost of a neglected duty, cr of an unfairly acquired pleasure, "^hovers round the votary... . Dancing * js objected lo by some, but probably owing to prejudice. It was not only Bnnctioned by scripture, but seemB thoroughly natural. The theatre is still more objected to ; but there cnn be no doubt that if it were not for its associa- tions, it would bo a grand intellectual entertainment. It is an imitation of human character, just as painting and sculpture are imitations of the human form, or of natural scenery. Nothing spoils'amusement more than the acidify- ing ingredient of sin. " A wise parent will not check mirth in children, for suppressed spirits are as dangerous to character aa suppressed perspiration is detrimental to health." How often is our character visible to all observers like a brooch which every< ne but the wearer Bees." Bleak Rouse: 3s.; (Chapman and Hall.) This " household edition " of Mr. Dickens' " Bleak House " appears in quarto form. Its sixty-one illustra- tions, its wonderful cheapness, and its clear, large type, are highly creditable to its enterprising publisher. Six. Tears in Europe ; the Auto- biographical Holes of Mulek Hanum: (Chapman and Hall.) In order rightly to understand the present book it is necessary that a former work, entitled " Thirty lear« in a Harem," should be perused. The author was the wife of a Turkish Pasha, from whom she fled, accompanied by ber daughter. She sought safety in Europe, where, how- ever, according to her own account, she met with few, if any, persons on whom she could rely with safety, and was constantly surrounded by plotters, who wished to convey her back to Constanti- nople. Her beautiful daughter was the object of much attention, and contracted more than one marriage. Finally the husband dies, and the ladies quarrel. It is rumoured that the Athenwum is to have a rival. The establishment of a new literary journal is not without risk, as the brief existence of the Literary Gazelle, the Critic, the Leader, and tho Reader all testify. Tho Works of Flavius Joiephus. Translated by William Whiston, A.M. (Gr. Routlcrigo and Sons)-Is a mar- vellously cheap and well-printed edition ol' tho Jewish historian. Tho same Arin likewise publishes the Knebworth edition of " Night and Morning." Its I " get-up" leaves nothing to he desired, i Etchings in Verse.-By Phillip Acton (Longman)-Are as a whole inspired with genuine poetic feeling. Many passages, fo say the'least, ore "very pretty." With all his sentiment, how- ever, Mr. Acton's " Note " is not origi- nality ; ho has evidently drank deep from Tennyson and Longfellow. Victories and Defeats. By Col. P. Anderson (li. S. King and Co.): Tho object of this book is to provide young officers with a certain number of facts and theories, by attempting to explain tho causes which "have led to many vic- tories and defeats ; but tho plan of tho book seems to be promiscuous, and will scarcely provide for the young officers of our army a model of orderly arrangement in writing. Tho book is not free from various faults, but any attempt to inculcate in our officers a scientific habit of tracing results to causes roust be commendable. Tho book is under high military patronage. Tie Fiend's Delight: By Dod Grilo. (J. C. Holten.) ís one of tho works belonging to the Artemus Ward school of American humourists. Some of tho pieces are in questionable taste, but they are all smartly written, and exhibit much originality, both of thought and expres- sion.' . Ohronos : Mother Earth's Biography ; A Romance of the New School: By Wallace Wood, M.D. ; 6s. As an educational work, it ought to bo verv valuable, as it supplies a consistent and* rational idea of the symmetry and relation of all human knowledge, and also in the stimulus of thought its striking contrasts and epigrammatic problems will produce. The book cannot, in fact, be too highly praised for what it accomplishes. It is written. in a style replete with a lively play of thought, ¡ which ought to amuse thc dullest- witted votary of fashion against ennui for hours together; but we would recommend a slower reading, for there is enough food for thought in many of its pages to occupy tho mind of a busy man for most of the leisure he will find in a day. Notwithstanding this, the author Beldom lakes the ordinary reader out of his depth in scientific technicalities. AK EXTINCT RACK.-Childlike childrou. THE KKAUV-MONKV SYSTEM.-Dun or be done. SCM.EV.-Little tish have a good notion as to the commencing of life : they always begin on a small scale. ANOTHER GRIEVANCE FOB TIIEM.-One profession is safe from tho invasion of woman. She may enter the army, but it is impossible that she can man the navy.-Punch. THE EDITOR'S FIUINDB.-The Spectator asks -What is thc liability of au editor to his per- sonal friends ? Strictly speaking, he should have none ; should attack his own father if he disapproves his speeches, or lash his wife's last book if-he thinks it rubbish. This is, no doubt, abstractly true, as it is also abstractly true-to steal an epigram from an Australian who once wrote a phamplet on thc subject that an editor should live in a cellar ; but in practice men will not comply with either con dition, and such demand would drive all the men with hearts and tempers out of thc pro- fession. It is nevertheless, excessively difficult to find a rule that shall be morally sufficient ; for silence, though it will meet the case of a book, unless of grave importance, will not meet that of grave political action. We suspect that in this case, as in all others we have quoted, tho practice of Parliament is still the best guide, and that the journalist is bound, as the statesman would be bound, to do his duty and take the consequences. - He might be a little more gentle in his language, a little more apologetic in his tone, but the attack must not be deprived of its efficiency for any personal consideration whatsoever.-Printer's Register, August G.' SAD EFFECTS OF LIGHTENING.-A telegram from Scranton, Penn., on thc 12th instant to thc Hem York Herald, gives thc following particulars of a catastrophe :-A thrilling catastrophe occurred the other day on the hills, about five miles from Scranton, Penn. A large number of women and girls were on thc hills gathering berries, when a Btorm came up from the south and they rushed into an untenanted building to take shelter from thc down-pouring rain. About forty-one women and children found room in tho old house, while seven were obliged to stand out under the storm. With the increasing storm the sheets of fire began to descend, thc lightning becoming more vivid, and thc poals of thunder seeming to advance from distant caverns, until tho old building began to tremble. At length a lightning shaft more vivid than any that had preceded it descended among thc unhappy group of women and girls, killing two of them, and scorching in a frightful manner four others, tearing thc flesh off their limbs and producing a heart- j sickening scene among the panic-stricken women. Word was sent to Scranton, and with the utmost despatch messengers were sent over the hills to the scone of thc disaster with waggons, medical attendance, and bedding, on which to convey the dead and wounded to tho city. 