Review. NEW POEMS BY LONGFELLOW. A NEW volume by Mr Longfellow is sure of a kindly welcome from the English reader, who will be glad to see that the author of "Evangeline" has not again been playing truant in the translation of an Italian classic, or in a metrical adapta tation of the New Testament, but has re turned to the true bent of his genius, and has given us another series of " Tales of a Wayside Inn" and •• Birds of Passage." In these days, also, when a confusion of tongues such as hindered the Tower of Babel seems to have fallen upon the writers of poetry, each having a jarjon resembling that of his neighbor in nothing but that it is unintelligible, it is a relief to be re minded that there are still poets left who do as Shakespeare, Milton, Dryden, Pope, Byron, and Wordsworth did before them, and honestly endeavor to turn plain thought into plain English. We look upon the sustained popularity of Mr Longfellow and Mr Tennyson as a standing protest against the labored obscurity of a real poet like Mr Browning, and still more against the pretensions of cortain writers whose pens, have for some years past been purling in a round of mutual adulation. With great complacency, and to the great astonishment of the outside world, these bards have en listed each other into the band called the immortal band. If just recently a silence has fallen over the new school and its affiliated critics, it is, we presume, because they have settled all things to their own satisfaction, and have now nothing more to say. The new school has proved itself right in all things beyond all doubt of its ad herents; but the general public goes its way, and receives this little volume of simple verse with pleasure and even eager ness. Mr Longfellow has given to these his latest poems the title " Aftermath," the name also of some verses printed last in the book: When the summer fields are >nown, When the bird* are fledged and flown, And the dry leave* strew the path; With the falling of the snow, With the cawing of the crow, Once again the field we mow And gather in the aftermath. Not the sweet, new grass with flowers Is this harresting of oars; . Not the upland clover bloom t Bat the rowen mixed with weeds, Tangled tufts from marsh and meads. Where the poppy drops its seeds In the silence and the gloom. The " Tales of a Wayside Inn * oon tinue according to the plan of former poems, this third part beginning like the others with a prelude, the succeeding tales being separated by interludes, and the whole ended by a finale, which sends the guests on their several ways, and thus ac complishes the scheme of the poet. We have first a sketch of the old inn, with fire light streaming from all its windows, and moonlight glistening on the guilt vane ;— While underneath, witli flowing mane, Upon the sign the red horse pranoed And galloped forth into the night. 1* The guests seated within doors are the B^^BTiSiaoo^iwr 7 Waat™* *■■•■•* same weimow—the Spanish Jew, the poet, the student, the theologian, the Sicilian, the musician, and the landlord. The winds are loud without, and aa the guests pass, the Spanish Jew mutters within his beard- Beholding his mysterious Cue, " Tell me," the gay Sicilian said, " Why was it that, in breaking bread At supper, you bent down your head And, musing, paused a little space, As one who says a silent grace ?" The Jew replied, with solemn air, " I said the Manichæan's prayer. It was his faith, —perhaps is mine,— That life in all its forms is one, And that its secret conduits run Unseen, but in unbroken line, From the great fountain-head divine Through man and beast, through grain and grass. Howe'er we struggle, strive, and cry, From death there can be no escape, And no escape from life, alas! Because we cannot die, but pass From one into another shape : It is but into life we die. Therefore the Manichæan said This simple prayer in breaking bread, Lest he with hasty hand or knife Might wound the incarcerated life, The soul in things that we call dead :— ' I did not reap thee, did not bind thee, I did not thrash thee, did not grind thee Nor did I in the oven bake thee! It was not I, it was another Did these things onto thee, O brother; I only have thee, hold thee, break thee!' " The Spanish Jew then tells a story of how Azrael, angel of death, sought and found The mighty Runjeet Sing, a learned man, And Rajah of the realms of Hindostan. King Solomon at evening walked before his palace gate with a " stranger from the East," even the Rajah :— And as they walked the guest became aware Of a white figure in the twilight air, Gating intent, aa one who with surprise His form and features seemed to reoognise. This was Azrael, and the Rajah, in terror, besought King Solomon to exert his power and save him from the death angel by bid ding arise a wind which should bear him back to Hindostan. The king gated upwards at the oloudlesa sky, Whispered a word, and raised his hand on high And lo! the signet ring of ohrysopraae On his op lifted finger seemed to blue With bidden fire, and rushing from the west There came a mighty wind and seised the guest And lifted him from earth, and oa they passed, His shining garments streaming in the blast, A silken banner o'er the walls upreared, A purple cloud, that gleamed and disappeared. Then said the Angel, smiling: "If this man Be Rajah Runjeet-Sing of Hindostan, Thou hast done well in listening to his prayer { I was upon my way to seek him there/ This little poem is only two pages long, and here we may remark that Mr Long fellow knows what all good poets have known, and what so many bad poets refuse to know—how to be short. The Jew is followed by the Sicilian, with a tale in blank verse, three pages long, of Charle magne:— When like a thundercloud, that lowers And sweeps from mountain^crest to ooast, With lightning flaming through its shadows He swept across the Lombard plain. Preceded by host on host, at last Charle magne appears:— a Man of Iron! His helmet was of iron, and his gloves Of iron, and his breastplate and bis greaves And taasets were of iron, and his shield. In hie left hand he held an iron spear, In his right hand his sword invincible. The hone he rode on had the strength of iron, And color of iron. All who went before him, Beside him and behind him, his whole host Were armed with iron, and their hearts within them Were stronger than the armour that they wore, Then we have, in heroic metre, the well known story of Eginhard, the -scribe, who dared not only to love a princess, but also " to cross the court and climb the winding stair" which led to her chamber. Day break and the time for parting came, — but, lo! They saw the palace courtyard white with snow, And, placid as a nun, the moon on high, Gazing from cloudy cloister* of the sky. " Alas!" he said, " how hide the fatal line Of footprints leading from thy door to mine And mine returning." Ah, he little knew What woman's wit, when put to proof, can do. The Emperor, sleepless with his weight of oares, was watching from a window, — And he beheld a form that seemed to oower Beneath a burden come from Bmma's tower, A woman who upon her shoulders bore Clerk Eginhard to his own prirate door, And then returned in haste, but still essayed To tread the footprints she herself had made | And as she passed across the lighted space, The Emperor saw his daughter BmmaVfaee ! How the Emperor called together his Council, and after listening to suggestions of banishment and death, declared:— Over those fatal footprints I will throw Mine ermine mantle, like another snow, and gave his daughter Emma to bis clerk Eginhard before them all, is told in plea sant, even couplets, and then, after some lines of interlude, in which the clock striking 8 is described as Slow measuring out the march of time, Like some grave Consul of old Rome In Jupiter's temple driving home The nails that marked the year and date. The theologian tells the tale, in the metre of " Evangeline," of the Quaker loves of Elizabeth Haddon and John Estbaugb. Simple, quaint, and pleasant is the quiet etory of the Quakeress who, all modestly and religiously, tells her love to the grave young man who is a preacher and a great light at Friends' meeting-houses:— Tarry awhile behind, for I have something to tell thee, Not to be spoken lightly nor in the presence of others; Them it ooncerneth not; only thee and me it conoerneth. I will no longer oonoeal what is laid upon me to tell thee; I hare received from the Lord a charge to lore thee, John Bsthaugh. But John Esthaugh had as yet received no light to lead him, and promising to come again when the Lord should have spoken to him on the matter, he rode away:— Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing, Only a signal shown and a distant roiee in the darkness; So on the ocean of life we pass and speak one another, Only a look and a Toioe, then darkness again, and a silenoe. The next story, " The Monk of Casal Maggiore,"is told in octave stanzas, which run brightly and easily, and is followed by "Scanderbeg," in which the Spanish Jew relates, in rhymes cut to a short, cantering measure, how Iskander, in the fugitive night that followed a day of deep defeat, got to himself the walled city of Croia by compelling a scribe of Amurath to set the Sultan's signet to an order of surrender. " The Mother's Ghost," the Musician's story, is a poem of real power and exqui- site pathos, and we give it the first plate in the volume:— ' Svend Dyring he rideth adown the glade } There he hath wooed him so winsome a maid. Together they were for seven years, And together children six were theirs. Then came death abroad through the land, And blighted the beautiful lily wand. Svend Dyring he rideth adown the glade, And again he hath wooed him another maid* He hath wooed him a maid and brought hoaoe a bride, Bat she was bitter and full of pride. When she came driving into the yard, There stood the six children weeping so hard* There stood the small children with mournful heart; From before her feet she thrust them apart. Bhe gave to them neither ale nor bread | "Ye shall suffer hunger and hate," she said. She took from them their quilts of blue, And said, «• Ye shall lie on the straw we strew." She took from thorn the great waxlight | " How ye shall lie in the dark at night" In the evening late they cried with cold j Tbe mother heard it under the mould. The woman heard it tbe earth below t " To my little children I must go!" She standeth before the Lord of all, " And may I go to my children small •" Bhe prayed Him so long, and would not cease, Until He bade her depart in peace. " At cockcrow thou shalt return again | Longer thou shalt not there remain 1" She girded up her sorrowful bones, And rifted the walls and tbe marble stones. As through the village she flitted by, The watohdcgs howled aloud to the sky. When she came to the castle gate There stood her eldest daughter in wait. When she came in at the chamber door There stood the small children weeping sore. One she braided, another she brushed, The third she lifted, the fourth she hushed. The fifth she took on her lap and pressed, As if she would suckle it at her breast. Then to her eldest daughter said she, " Do thou bid Bvend Dyring oome hither to me." Into the chamber when he came She spake to him in anger and shame. " I left behind me both ale and bread | My children hnnger and are not fed* I left behind me quilts of blue j My children lie on the straw ye strew. I left behind me the great wax light, My children lie in the dark at night. If I come again into your hall, As cruel a fate shall you befall. Now crows the cock with feathers red, Back to the earth must all the dead. Now crows the oook with feathers smart f The gates of heaven fly wide apart. Now crows the cook with feathers white: I can abide no longer tonight." Whenever they heard the watchdog's wail, They gave the children bread and ale. Whenever they beard the watchdog's bray, They feared lest the dead were on their war. Whenever they heard the watchdog's bark, They feared the dead out there in the dark. The last of the " Tales of a Wayside Inn" is told by the landlord, and then the party of guests break up and disperse for ever and a day. Where are they now P What lands and skies Paint pictures in their friendly eyes P What hope deludes, what promise cheers, What pleasant voices fill their ears P Two are beyond the salt sea waves, And three already in their graves. The rest of the small volume is taken up by " Birds of Passage: Flight the Third* There are ten short poems, and not one of them but possesses in greater or less degree the pleasant and long familiar charm of Mr. Longfellow's verse. There is not, indeed, such a gem as " The Children's Hour," but there is the "ray serene" of true poetry in them all, and especially in the " Castle Builder " and the " Challenge." Mr. Longfellow will win himself no new renown by this his latest book; but he will again please the readers of two worlds, and we may safely congratulate his English publishers on tbe wide popularity " After* math" deserves and is certain to achieve. If the poet has not equalled his best efforts of former years, he has given us a volume of various and pleasant verse, which main* tains throughout a level of quiet excellence. Mr. Longfellow is not a poet of the first order. His lines do not march the page in splendid strength, and his thought is not remarkable for its depth and originality. But his verse is clear as crystal and sweet with a music all'its own; he knows how to choose a theme and make it interesting; his mind is refined, scholarly, and modest; and, above all, ho has the golden heart of a poet—a heart the tenderness, the sym pathies, the joys and Borrows of which the world has long loved to share. He has published poetry which was hardly poetry at all; but in this volume he returns to himself, and from his pen there flows that winsome music touched with melancholy which we know so well in his former works. In England, as well as in America, he stands next in popularity to our own Laureate. His verse has one essential and supreme characteristic of true poetry—-it is understaoded of the people, and the best of it can charm alike a philosopher and a sempstress. Bom cheering fate hare just been mad* pnblio with reference to the duration of human life. It hat now for tome time been stated that the lire* of Englishmen—with whom we tnut the lives of colonuta may be inoluded—are growing to an ordinary duration suoh m their anoestors did not hope for. Indeed evidence of thi* fact v found eoattered everywhere through history and literature. If it not a fact that bud were aooounted renerable a century or two beak who would icarcely be regarded at beyond their prime now P and do we not know both men and women who are rising fifty years and yet hare much of the bloom of youth upon them P Ifc is common, when fathers or mothers introdooa their sons and daughters, to hear the reply. " Why I always thought they were your brother* and sisters," ju-t as the case may be. Doubt!*** this is owing to the temperate lives we now lira, and the inoreased comforts we enjoy | but there is no doubt that it mostly arises from the good nursing and training of children. At all event* the reports of the Registrar-Qeneral establish the remarkable fact that despite all the inert**, ing wear and tear and high pressure of life, oar people by temperate lifing and change of ajc keep living longer and longer. A Vahibued lixubiov.—One is almost *ur* to be disappointed when he first enters the in* terior of Jerusalem. However carefully he but have prepared himself agaiast surprise, he will scarcely escape in more directions than on*. The filth of the city will surprise and annoy him. One who comes to Jerusalem from Egypt can endure a good deal in this direotion, but even he will have attained to a high degree of equanimity if he doe* not occasionally lose hie temper Amidst the superabounding filth of this city j and, what is worse, it seems to abound most in sacred places. You cannot with any comfort approach through the old bazar of the cotton merchants — what was doubtless the " Beautiful Gate " of tha temple—without hold ing your breath. The Mohammedans, while guarding with keenest vigilance the sacred en- closure from the pollution of infidel feet, mm quite regardless of the intrusion of filth. Yet it must be confessed that the Jewish quarter of the city is quite as unclean as any part of its and it often gives one relief, when traversing these dirty streets, to think that the Jerusalem of the Bible lies fifty feet or more beneath the present surface. 