A CH APTER FROM MODERN ANTIQUITY". after an old style. The Jesuitical Soldier. 1\. Not lone after tlio massacre at Cawnnore, I arrived at Bengal with a dragoon regiment— a regiment well-stocked with Tipper ary blades and Corkonians. 2\. And being a new regiment, chietiy com posed of young recruits, our officers were afraid to subject us to temptation by allowing us to visit the dramshops of Calcutta ; they therefore shut us up within the walls of a railway station, from whence, shortly afterwards, the iron liorse ran away with us' to a lonely village called Ranegunge. . . 3\. After a short stay in Ranegunge, we inarched (for we had 110 horses as yet) to a depot called H li. 4\. Here we quartered for some months, . during which ftime I became acquainted with Tom, the, Jesuitical soldier, — a man renowned for his knowledge of the Church's literature and half -forgotten traditions concerning the Fathers. 5\. Now, Tom was respected by the regiment ; for he was of a gentle disposition and had a ' saintly dignity. 6\. And often the soldiers sat around him iu the barrack-room, listening to his legends of St. Patrick, St. Columbus, St. Bridget, St. Francis, and other saints. 7\. And so devoutly religious was Tom esteemed by his Papistic companions, that they told him he should have been a priest or a monk. 8\. But Tom would answer — " We cannot all be clergymen ; yet, we can all bo religious ; and if, as a soldier, my devotion to the church should influence any of ye to imitate 3113' example, I will hold quite as exalted a position iu the eye of Heaven as if I wore on my_ head a triple- crown instead of a helmet or wielded a crosier instead of a sabre !" 9\. And the' marvelled .at the line sentiments of Tom ; and a simple Tipperary youth, whom I shall call Fitzerin O'Crory, held Tom in such regard, that he cut a piece of cloth out of the good soldier's tunic. 10\. And whenever Fitzerin was posted as a sentinel over tho dead-house, he took with him the piece of holy cloth, for he believed it had a sacred virtue, . and would keep away ghosts, jungle dogs, tigers, and other evil things that stalk and prowl about during the lonely hours and darkness of the night. 11\. Now, Tom grew fond of me, and tried hard to eonveit me to the " ould religion ;" hut, despairing to succeed, he contented himself by relating to me "ould stories of ould times," and by lcndingmeould books containing ould matters. 12\. In these hooks, I found Tom had written verses from melancholy facts, the margin of almost every page being covered with them. 13\. Two lines which were written on the title page of "The History of St. Patrick" (and which are similar in spirit to his other extracts), ran thus : — " Stay for me there ! I will not fail To meet tlice in that hollow vale !" 14\. When I first read these words, I turned round to Tom, and said, "I have a suspicion, Tom, that you have "been crossed in love ; that since sueli disappointment, you have endeavoured to bury your griefs in ancient writings, and in strenuously, though calmly, upholding the doc trines of tlie church ! Am I correct in my con jectures?" , 15\. At these words, Tom started, and for some time was convulsed with emotion ; he then shook mo by the hand with friendly savagery, and said, "You are tho only one that has plumbed mc- that lias fathomed my secret. Divulge it not to anyone in our regiment." 10\. I could not answer, for I pitied him with all my heart. _ ' ,,,i 1 17\. "Yes, young man," said lie, the only maid whom I ever loved wrenched from me was sent to a convent. Being a staunch Roman Catholic mvself, I looked upon her burial from my presence as a duty to the cliurcli \ but it was a sore, sore trial. I have often wondered what mysterious law of sympathy brought our souls into sweet communion with each other ; and I have puzzled my brain to divine why the only inaid whom I loved should have been destined to be separated from inc. She wept bitterly when her parents intimated that they had 'de signed her for a nun ;' but I told her to be of good cheer, for 1 should never marry; that I Bhould impose a penance upon myself by enlist ing as a soldier for foreign service, and, as such, would do all in my power to lead a holy life, and uphold the Ould Church !" 18\. I felt so vexed at Tom's story that I did not speak until lie asked, ' ' In my circumstances, what would you do ?" 19\. "Tell me first," said I, "did she love you?" 20\. " Yes," said Tom, sobbing ; "and even now, I believe, Bhe is thinking of me, if not breaking ber heart." 21\. " Then, if I were in your place," said I, "I should hoard up every anna until I had suffi cient rupees to purchase my discharge ; forth with, I should go home, buy a sledgehammer, break open the convent doors, and, liberating her from her coffin-like habitation, carry her away in triumph to thehymenial altar !" 22\. A smile passed across Tom's countenance, hut did not return again ; and, laying his hand on my shoulder, ho said, "You would be chival rous at the expense of sacrilege ! But let us drop tho subject, and henceforth be my com panion. You arc the sole custodian of my secret (excepting, of course, the old French priest, my lost Mar.i', and myself). I will introduce you to tlie old French priest to-night. You will come to his bungalow, will you not ?" 23\. I consented ; whereupon Tom took up an old book and endeavoured to forget his lost Mary. 24\. I pretended to he reading the "History of St. Patrick ;" but the truth was, I occupied my time iu reading his own extracts from the poets. He had a verse from the poet, Burns, which pined out the following expressive senti ment (the second line being his own) : — " Oh Mary, dear, departed shade, From that dear convent where thou'rt blest, See'st thou thy lover lowly laid, Hcar'st thou the groans that rend his breast ?" 25\. In the cool of the evening, I accompanied Tom to the priest's bungalow — a rather dilapida ted. mansion, simply furnished ; a marble cruci fix 011 the table ; a few cheap pictures of saints, sacred hearts, and a portrait of Pio N0110 deco rated the walls ; and a huge, hut old piano dignifying about onc-tliird of the parlour. The venerable priest shook me cordially by the hand, and muttered some words by way of benediction. 26\. Tom, sitting down to the piano, desired me to sing " The Meeting of the Waters." 27\. I did so, keeping tolerably good time to his playing— the old French priest being greatly delighted, and gesticulating with his hands and shoulders. 28\. When I came to the last two lines of the last verse : — "When tho storm which we feel in this cold world should cease, And our hearts, like thy waters, be mingled in peace !" Tom began to sob loudly ; but, without turning his face from the piano, changed the tune to " The harp that once tliro' Tara's hall." 29\. But he soon stopped playing, still crying, and the' old priest, running from delight to grief, began to sob also, and to embrace my strange companion. 30\. I felt unhappy ; and, thinking to mend matters, "Suppose, by way of a change," said I, "you play ' I'm a rattling hoy from the County Down !' " 31\. This made matters worse ; for Tom looked cveumore grieved, audscemed somewhat offended at my suggestion. 32\. "As my father, here," said Tom, "is a Frenchman, 3'ou will not take it as- a breach of courtesy if I speak a few words to him' in his native language? I can speak French more flu entity than hp can speak English !" 33\. "Proceed," said I. 34\. Hereupon a long and interesting conver sation. ensued, >vliieh, though unintelligible to ine, smacked of a conspiracy. 35\. In about an hour, wo rose to depart, Tbm ordering the priest's coolie to get bis master's horse ready, as the venerable Frenchman was about to go to a village some miles distant, whence lie would not return before the morrow. 30\. In a few minutes Tom assisted the priest to mount old " Louis,"' and in another minute the priest cantered off to the village, the Hindoo servant, or coolie, running after him in attend ance (a brutal custom in tlie East). 37\. "What," asked Tom, as we strolled har- rackwards, "is your opinion of the doctrine which justifies the means hv the end ?" 38\. " My opinion of that' doctrine," I replied, "is, that it is as contemptible and pernicious as its authors— the Jesuits !" 39\. "And yet," said Tom, "in order to gratify the desires of my soul, as 'an end, '"you -would advise me to burst open the prison-door of my beloved one ?" 40\. "You are ingenious," I replied, "but tlie means in this case are justifiable ; for the cliurch lias robbed 3'ou of her, argue their right to do so as you will i" 41\. "Let us drop the subject," was poor Tom's response. 42\. We walked 011 silently for some time, when Tom asked mc another question : — "Does not that venerable Frenchman deserve a. more comfortably-furnished residence ?" 43\. I was about to answer, when Tom said, "Let us drop this subject, too," and seemed greatly annoyed at himself for broaching it. » 44\. Just as we were about to enter our room, Tom took 1110 by the hand, and said, " You shall he my friend, t will be kind and faithful to you, and will not thrust my creed upon you ; do like wise !" 45\. I assured him that my eloquence, fists, and sword were all at his service. 40\. About an hour afterwards, Tom com plained of a pained head, and went out in the dark to have a "mouthful of fresh air;" and soon afterwards I hoard him answer the challenge of the sentinel in an assumed voice, which sent me into a curious train of thought, and, ulti mately, to sleep. 47\. Next morning, just after being dismissed from parade, the venerable Frenchman rode towards the soldiers, shouting in broken English, " Sacrelegc — mi boongooloo ez brolced — mi cruci fix ez brpked — ruin ! — dezolation !" 4S. Almost the whole regiment escorted him to his bungalo, and great was tlie consternation and rage wbieh tho broken windowB, crucifix, and torn pictures excited in the breasts of the dragoons. , 49\. "I suppose it was the dom' o' some 0' these North boj's," shouted Rat Shea, the bully from Clonmell. 50\. " Be asy in what ye say," said Frank On, from Belfast; "for tho' wo differ . from ye in creed, its not a defenceless ould man that we would come down with our defferences, confound yer impurencc !" 51\. A party fracas was about to break out, when piouB Tom held up his two hands, aud cried out, " Come hither, all of ye, and listen to me !" 52\. As if by magic, peace was restored ; and we gathered around holy Tom, the Soldier of the Church. 53\. And Tom raised his voice, and said, "What -would ye do? Would ye fight and butcher one another for an act of sacrilege com mitted upon the sacred mansion of this priest when the perpetrator must he a mystery to ye ? Who amongst ye can point the finger of accusa tion to .anyone ? None! Aiid yet ye would blame your North countryman, because,- forth with, they differ from ye in creed ! I tell yo, brother Roman Catholics, yo know riot for a cer tainty who the saeriligious mortal is ; therefore, blame not those whom yo suspect ; for I am persuaded that, rather than commit an outrage on our venerable father's house, these samo Northmen will show their sympathy by repairing the damage done !" 54\. And Frank On said, " Let a subscription . list bo sent round the barrack-room, and ye will discover whether the boys of the North are less big-licarted than the boys of the South !" And Frank looked daggers at Clonmell Pat. 55\. And the soldiers -praised Tom for his good sense and eloquence ; and tliey peacefully wont to their barrack-rooms, wondering who tbo cowardly wretch could bo. 56\. And Tom sent subscription lists to each barrack-room, and to the bungalos of the officers of the regiment ; and every man in every troop subscribed. 57\. Some gave two rupees, some five, and some ten, and Fitzcrin O'Crory gave twenty-five — all that he was possessed of ; and the officers sent to Tom seventy rupees as their subscrip tion. - 58\. And, behold, the priest was enriched ; for. from Calcutta soon came a silver crucifix and costly pictures, and coloured windows ; _ and his residence was painted and decorated with new chairs and tables. 59\. And when these things were done, Tom desired the Romish dragoons to give their priest a supper in the barracks ; and it was done, Clon mell Pat singing "The Eould Sodger Boy," and poor Fitzerin quietly sitting between Tom and the priest, as liapp.v-looking as if he were honoured with a seat between St. Peter and St. Paul. 60\. After this, I spoke little to Tom. 61\. And in the space of tlireo months news came that we were entitled to our discharge, as the East India Company had been abolished. 62\. And Tom asked, "Are yo going home, my friend ?" 63\. "Yes" I replied, "lam going back to auld Scotland, I hope?" 64\. Torn look vexed, and, shaking Ins head, said, "I shall never go back to Ireland, I shall volunteer into one of the Queen's regiments, and remain in India, for I must keep my vow !" 65\. "I pity you," said I ; "but I would ask you a question before I leave Hindostan. " 66\. " What is it?" asked Tom. 67\. "Do you know," I asked, "who it was that broke into the priest's bungalow ?" 68\. Tom started, and after looking at me for sometime, asked, "Do you know?" 69\. " Yes, " I replied ; ' ' the soldier who broke into his priest's house is the soldier who scruples to burst open the doors of his lover's prison !" 70\. Tom looked as white as a corpse, and said nothing. 71\. "Doubtless," said I, "you have com mitted this Jesuitical deed for the comfort of the priest, or, as' you would say, for the good of the church. You are not selfish ; for you have. done for your priest what you 'would not havo done for yourself.- You have many good qualities which I admire, and I am sorry to part with you. Yet, Tom, I should have exposed your deceit to the regiment hut for two reasons 1st. Because you would havo heen torn into pieces. 2nd. Because the money which the soldiers gave towards what they considered a misfortune, but which, in reality, was a conspiracy concocted between you and the priest, would have been otherwise 3pent in the canteen for rum !" 72\. Tom sobbed loudly, and laying down on his cot, took up an old book, and endeavoured to forget liis guilt and isolation. 73\. In a few days after this, tlio greater part of the regiment was marched away, on their road to C.alcutla, and the ship which was to carry them home. ' 74\. As we left the barracks, the hand struck up "The girl I left behind me ;" and we gave three cheers for our companions who remained behind. 75\. Looking a last look towards the barracks, I saw Tom waving his handkerchief at me ; I waved my helmet at liim, he shrieked wildly some farewell words, fell hack into the arms of Fitzerin O'Crory, and was carried into the bar racks in a frantical fit. 76\. As I disappeared from the spot where Tom so often related his legends of the monks and his traditions of the saints, I found myself sobbing liko a child — sobbing for poor Tom, tlio Soldier of the Church. DAYLIGHT. March 17th, 1873. 