Correspondence. To tJie Editor of the Church of England Messenger. Sir — If |I surprised a 'N.S.W. Clergyman' a.'little'by my re ference to the authority of the General Council of Ephesus in your February number, he surprised me a great deal by his assertion in your last issue, that a General Council ' is of no real authority.' I had supposed that in interpreting Holy Scripture, the highest authority upon earth was that 'of those reverend, religious, and' sacred consultations, which are termed Councils General. A thing whereof God's own blessed Spirit was the author (Acts xv. 25), a thing practised by the holy apostles themselves ' (Hooker, Ecol. Pol. B.I., ch. x. 14). I trust you will allow me space to 'correct one (perhaps unintentional) misrepresentation in 'A N.b.yy.. Clergy r man's' letter, and to remark upon some other matters calculated, as I think, to mislead your readers. 1\. My letter was 'not an attempt to. defend the Mariolatries of Hymns Ancient and Modern.' I abhor Mariolatry ; I could not de fend it ; and the book is not tainted with it. . - 2. I did not overlook article XXI. when I referred to the General Council of Ephesus as having sanctioned I he practice of designating the Virgin TheotoJtos, i.e. bearer or mother of God. I' hoM with Bishop Burnet and Bishop Harold Browne, that ' the article affirming that some general councils have erred, must be understood of councils that pass for such,' and not of the councils of Nice, Con-, stantinople, Ephesus, and Chalcedon. The interpretations of Holy Scripture put forth by these councils have been received as sound and' true by the whole Church Catholic ; and ' when the Church at large has universally received their decrees, then are they truly General Councils, and their autlwrity is equal to the autho?'itij of the Church itself' (Browne). Perhaps -'A N.S.W. Clergyman' will be so good as to point out wherein any such council has erred ' in things pertaining unto God.' I venarate the Council of Ephesus for its' doctrines ; and I am unable to see that the soundness of its interpreta tions of Holy Writ is affected by the indefensible conduct of Cyril, and of other fathers who took part in its proceedings. '?.'.. 3\. The Church of England accepts the doctrines of these General Councils, and their decrees form part of her canon law. She thus ? sanctions the use of any theological terms which were approved by the General Council, so long as these terms are used in the sense in which they were understood by such Council. . For example, the use of the 'mysterious term' in the Nicene Creed, which denotes that Christ is ' of one substance with the Father,' is so sanctioned. This' term (Homoousion) was approved by the Council of Nice. It has' ' no place in Scripture.' To the judicious and learned it presents a very distinct idea. And so far from having been ' undoubtedly per nicious to true religion,' it has rendered her services of inestimable value. The mysterious term, 'Theotokos,' is also thus sanctioned, although it is not to be found in the formularies of our Church ; and it is even, according to Mosheim, ' innocent,' when rightly understood. It perhaps presents to your correspondent, and to Mosheim's trans-' lator, Maclaine (whom, by the way, 'A N.S.W. Clergyman' quotes inaccurately), ' no idea at all,' but it may notwithstanding present a very clear idea to others. And it has been useful in guarding the doctrine of the unity of the person of our Lord. Martin Luther and others justify the use of the term by the doctrine known as the Com,' . municatio Idiomatum. 'The truth expressed by that term, is that our Lord, being, in one person, perfect God and perfect man, what be: longs to His divine nature may be said of Him as man, and what belongs to His human nature may be spoken of Him as God.' The soundness of this doctrine may be rendered sufficiently apparent by two passages of Scripture. First, in the words of our Lord, ' No man hath ascended up to heaven, but He that came down from heaven, even the Son of Man, which is in heaven ' (John iii. 13), that which properly belongs to His divine nature is by Himself asserted by Him as man, viz., ubiquity. Secondly, in the words of the Holy Ghost, ' The Church of God 'which He hath pwchased with His-Mood ; '? that which belongs-to Christ's human nature is spoken ' of Him as- God, viz.^JIis-bloodshedding, &c.; Thus then, when the Virgin is described as having borne God, or is styled Mother of God, cfec, something which belongs to His human nature is spoken of Him as God, viz., His being born of the Virgin Mary. The Son of . the Virgin was God incarnate, the Word made flesh ; one person with two distinct, natures. ' He which was born of her; was God ' (Bp. Pearson). It is not asserted that our Lord's mother, y . .:* ?::.? .. ?..??.? .:--:i\,-.-.:, ,??;?:?:.) ?! ?,. ..-.,:-.'r:. ? ..? .'! -' ' -:V. communicated to Him His Godhead, but only, that the Son whom sl^e.brought forth was. that ''one Christ,' in whom 'two whole and perfect natures, that is to say, the Godhead and manhood, were joined together in one person, never to be divided' (Art. II.). It is 'the doctrine of the creeds ; and ' it is true. Obviously the title, Tlieotokos, is liable to abuse, but this is a Consideration with which I have at present nothing to do. I shall not be so discoiutcous to '? A N S.W. Cleigyman ' as to assume that he is ignoiant of these things , but I tiust that this letter 'will not be without its use in helping to Clear the thoughts of 'some of your readers. ' If then the authority oi a Gencial Council is equal to the ri'.ithority. of the Church itself, and if the title, Theotokos, was confirmed by such a Council, and if the doctime expressed by the term' is' Scriptural, suiely the compilers of Hymns Ancient and Modern^ were fully justified in admitting to their hymnal compo sitions containing ^ equivalent. — I rem un, youis, ? , ' ' '.''.[', A Country Glekgyman. .[The two examples given m pioof of the principle Comtnnmcatio Idibmaiwii are of doubtful significance. The phin.se in Jdhn in. 13/' dobs' not 'prove 'the ubiquity of the Son ol 'Manj'as may be seen1-: by' reference, to Ephes. li. 6. The other passage, Acts xx. 28, has. ass many; and .as good MSS. in favour of the aieadmg. ''The Church' of the Lord,' as of 'the Chuich of God''— Ed J ( 