THE OPERA 'MACBETH.' On Monday evening Verdi s ' Macbeth was performed at the Opera-House for the first time thft season, with the following cast of the prin cipal characters : — Macbeth. Swrnor Coliva ; Banquo, Signor Dondi; Macduff, Signor Coy; Malcolm, Signor Benso ; Un Medico, Signor Favas; Una Dama, Signora Touraerie; Lady Macbeth, Signora Zenoni. 'Macbeth' was produced last year for the fiist time in the colony by the same company and with the same cast. In adapting Shakspeare's im perishable tragedy to the requirements of the lyric stage, the librettist has followed the original in all its leading incidents, and with as little distortion as possible. The com poser, too, appears to have put forth all his strength in the production of the music. Whether it will 'survive the centuries' iB, however, doubtful. To the majority of intel lectual Englishmen any tampering with the text of the great dramatist is regarded as little short of desecration. And probably most persons of correct taste and mature judgment would prefer to see the play presented in its integrity by a company of well- trained elocutionists to hearing it produced as an opera. The charm of music scarcely compen sates in the estimation of a large class of persons for the intense interest which the tragedian has the power to produce. Some such feeling as this may possibly have operated in deterring many persons from attending on Monday evening. The dress circle was well filled, but there was plenty of elbow room in every other part of the house. The most noticeable features in the first act were the air ' Vieni! t' affretta,' with the pre ceding recitative, in which Lady Macbeth feeds the fire of ambition that has already begun to torment her bosom, and the subsequent air, 'Tutti sorgette,' in which she invoked the spirits of darkness to steel her heart in the exe cution of her designs upon the life of her sovereign. Both theeeairaare thoroughly Verdian —too erratic to be termed melodious, and too difficult to be executed, except by a thoroughly accomplished artist. Signora Zenoni threaded her way through their elaborations with almost marvellous precision, and was recalled at the close of the act. Signor Coliva excelled himself in the second act— more, perhaps, by bis histri onic than his vocal powers. In the celebrated dagger scene hi? declamation was full of earnestness, and its effect was heightened by the judicious expression in look and gesture of the conflicting emotions of desperation, terror, and fear that shake Macbeth s craveu heart. The quartette and chorus at the end of the act wa3 also admirably rendered, and fairly 'brought down the house.' (The phrase is a hackneyed one, but we know of no better by which to express the enthusiasm ef a large audience.) The banquet scene of the next act was fairly presented, but somehow or other the ghost of Banquo forgot to revisit the glimpses of the lamps after his first appearance, which neces sitated an excision of the' music. In this scene, too, Signor Coliva in his straining after dramatic effect ' o'erstepped the modesty of nature.' Bis favourite action of shaking the right hand and bis fitful impulsive style of singiug w&3 more than usually conspicuous, and forced Upon the audience the conviction that great as are the Signor's abilities and accomplishments ho would be more effective, because more true to nature, if he were less frequently spasmodic or over-demonstrative. Taken as a whole, how ever, his impersonation of the character was a decided triumph. Several times during tho evening he was almost vociferously applauded. Signora Zenoni was also frequently recalled. Her singing was superb during tho wholo evening, whilst her rendering of the sceno ia the hut act, in which the Queen in the delirium of -her sleeping moments sees with remorse and horror the ineffaceable blood- staios upon her hands, was so thoroughly artistic as to ovoko a tumultuous round of applause. The remaining characters are quito subordi nate, but they were all well sustainod. Tho band very judiciously restrained itaolf ia tho piano passages, thus giving additional effect by contrast to the forturimos. The instrumental score contains many passages of singular beauty, and has the additional excellence of being in keeping with the weird fantasies which tho genius of Shakspeare has interwoven with s^ph consummate skill into the plot. The orchestra deserve great credit for their skilful perfor. mance. This evening ' Bigoletto' is to be placed upon the stage. ? 