Late European News. BY CABLE AND OVERLAND TELEGRAPH LINIE I (F rom the S.At. IHerald's Telegrams.) is London July 21. ,_ TEa Carlists, after. two days' fighting cap te tured Igualada, in the province of Catalonia. et Russia retains Kungrad, a Khanate ofIn it depondent Tartary, about ninety miles north Sof KIhiver. The Khan is to visit St. Peters y burg with General Kouffman. ýs Paris July 21. 7 It is expected that the French harvest n will be small. ; London, July 22. s- On the 17th instant, the c.lonial commis \- sioner of the Vienna exhibition gave a din nor to the juries in the food and wine depart w mont. The colonial court has created a deep impression in Austria and Germany. V' After ten days adjournment, the trial of v the " claimant" has been resumed. V The Carlists are masters of Carthagona. re They seized four frigates in the port. A new ministry has been formed at Madrid. The New Zealand Meat-Preserving Comn pany invite subscriptions for shares to the n amount of £200,000. re London, July 24. Dr. Kencally has commenced the defence e in the Tiehborn, perjury case, and says he . will have one hundred witnesses to swear d, that the defendant is Sir Roger Tichborne. The Judicature Bill has passed the House d of Commons. The Russian army of occupation remains a at Khiva. The rate of discount has been reduced to 4 p -r cent. The English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank has declared a dividend of 7 per ecut. A company is proposed, with a capital of 150,0001, for the purchase of the Jonk Men ison (quarry) Gold Mine, in New South Wales. a - London, July 25. In th, House of Commnons, Mr G'adstone declared that the extension of household d franchise to the Counties cannot long be de layed. The Daily News considers this to be the announcement of a new liberal programme. MIr Forster's Education Bill has passed the H, ouse of Commons. All the amendments proposed were negatived. Very severe storms have occured in the e provinces, and several persons have been It killed by lightning The weather is now cooler. The conditions of peace between Khiva and Runssia are thepaymentof an idemnity by the Khan of 2,000,000 roubles, to extend over a period of seven years. The Russian forces. under General Sehwrattran, will occupy a Kungrad as a guarantee for the fulfilment of this engagement. It is proposed to abolish \mapital punishment, and maintain a Khanate ,u.uder the irule Of the pressent Khan; the .boundtrrywill b olimited to the river Amno, and the KIhivan possessions on the rightbank have been ceded to Bokhara, as a reward for assisting Russia. The evacuation of IThiva will take place in August. The House of Lords has agreed to the amendments of the Commons on the Judica ture Bill, with a slight exception. SThe Carlists have asked France to recog nise them as belligerents. A German frighto captured a Spanish steamer, named the Insurgent, with Inter nationalists on board. The French Treaty with England has been signed- the main features are a reno wval of the treaty of 1860 un.tilJune, 1877. A fire in ]altimooreo Now York, has des troyed one hundred buildings and four churches. Th'? French Assembly have voted the bill abolishing the tax on raw material. At a consistory council held at Rome yes terday, the Pope nominated two Bishops for the Roman Catholic diocese of berth and Adelaide. Discount 4 per cent. There is a great glut of gold. Stocks are rallying. .WVool.-At the sales the competition con tinues extremely vigorous, and prices are well sustained. Wheat.-Adelaide wheat is selling at 60s. per 490 lbs. \- Copper.-The p.esent cash quotatations for Australian copper are £90 to £92, slightly dearer. Tin is recovering; Straits is quoted at £139. Tallow, petroleum, and oils are unchan god The prospectus of the Victorian Gold Con sols Company is issued-capital £160,000- to work fout mines in that colony. We (Herahl) understand that the Queens land Government have telegraphed their ao ceptance of the offer of the Government of this colony in regard to the conveyance of Queensland letters by way of San Franoisco, and they offer the use of the Torros Straits line to this colony on the same terms. Some young sooundrel, on Thursday night last, about 9 o'clock (reports the IWagga JlWaJga E.rpress) attempted a shameful trick with the view of frightening timid passers by He possessed himselfof a sheet and a pair of stilts, and arrayoed in the former, he waitud behind one of the tree enclosures be tween Dr Robinson's residence and the publio school 'the approach of some one upon whom to practice thu effects of his ghostly raiment. Fortunately fur him these shortly appeared in the persons of two young women. Upon his appearance one screamed, but was suffi oiently self.possessed to run. The other, however, boldly stood her ground, and apos- a trophised the ghost with so weighty a stone in her hand that he clearly proved his fleshy origin by deolining to come too- near, as the 0 damsel's system of laying spirits was not to t taste. Friday (says the H.eaald) was one of the usual Chamber days, but the business, was slight and unimportant. In the Divorce a Court there has, as yet, boon nothing done. A good many inquiries have been made at the Court office, but no petitions have been filed, or any initiatory proceedings takon. It is nudorstood that a good deal of dissatis faction has been expressed at the present 1 scale of feos ; which is stigmatised as being I' extremely oxhorbitant. Certainly the sover anco of the matrimonial tie will apparently 1 be a luxury reserved only for the wealthy; a for, even at a modurato computation, it does not seonurthat the costs of a Divorce suit will P amount-to lesi'than £800 or £400, presum ing thit all parties obtain a hearinq. The i ensuing NVisi Prius sittings-or sittings for A tho'trial of causes-will commence on MDon. I day week, August 4th. . 