LOCAL NEWS. THE ATTORVEY-GEMSALSHTP -Mr Butler's re- signation of bis office of Attornej GeDeial is the present Administration was accepted bj his Excel- lency the Governor yesterday, and at a meeting of the Executive held m the forenoon, the legal distinction of Queen's Counsel was conferred upon the hon gentleman It is very generallj expected in political circles that the Bon J G L Innes (Solicitor-General and representative of the Govern- ment is the Legislative Council) will succeed Mr Butler as the first law officer of the Crown Some hon members of the Council went so far as to refer to the bon gentleman as Attorney-General -Herald, Nov 20 THE DIVORCE COURT -The first sittings of this Court will be held at Darlinghurst after the Criminal Sessions There are at present only two suits set down for trial, viz, Short v Short and Joyce v. Joyce. -Herald of Wednesday LITHSOW COAL-Mr Gell, of Bathurst, bas re- ceived a letter from tbe Commissioner for Railways to the following effect -Adverting to my latter of the 13th ultimo, informing you that j our tender for the supply, during 1874, of the engine coal required on the Great Southern and Western Railways, would be accepted if found suitable for locomotive pur- poses, I have the honor to inform you that the Engineer-in-Chief having reported favourably on your coal, your tender is accepted accordingly, and to request that you will be good enough to wait at once upon the Crown 8oheitor with your sureties, for the purpo e of executing the required bond -Wes- tern Independent MISCHIEVOUS Boxs -We alluded in our last issue to the use by boys, of a white substance to mark walls and shutters, and to scatter on the pavements This use was comparatively harmless compared with a more recent application of the substance On a Wall in the Horse-shoe Bend some prurient J outh has amused himself by writing, in large charaoters, a series of the most obscene expressions conceivable It 13 a pity that the offenders m such wise cannot be caught, and soundly punished MB H M STANLEY FOB ATBIOA -Mr H M Stan- ley, the discoverer of Dr. Livingstone, waa amongat the passengers who sailed in the African mail steamer Benin from Liverpool for the Weat Coast Mr Stan- ley took with him a large steam launch, and is going out m the capacity of special correspondent for the Times -S M, Herald IMPOBTED LINCOLN RAMS AND EWES -Messrs Brunker and Sparke forward us the following note -" Will you please direct the attention of breeders of unproved sheep to our sale of 5 imported Lincoln rams and 2 imported Lincoln ewes, to be held at I Graney's Hunter River Hotel, East Maitland, on Tuesday, the 25th mat The sheep are admirable specimens of the Lincoln breed and will reach the place of sale early on Tuesday morning They have completed quarantine regulations at Morpeth" Communicated CONTEMPT OP COUBT-In a case heard at the Metropolitan District Court, yesterday, before Mr District Court Judge Simpson, a person named John Eazler, a foreigner, was called upon to give evidence. Before being sworn Eazler asked for ins expenses, and os being asked by his Hosor how much he re- quired, demasded lös His Honor would have allowed him 10s 6d, but Eazler refused to take this j amount, and flatly refused to be sworn The Judge thereupon committed him to gaol for forty-eight hours for contempt of couit, e\idently very much to his astonishment Subaequently,howe\er,hisHonor remitted the imprisonment, and let the man off with a fine of XK-Horald, Nov 19 Mr J C ROACHS FABEWELL ENTEBTAINHENT -Our readers will see by an advertisement in our front page that a gentleman whose services have always bees freely and effectively rendered in the cause of education and charity, whose appearance has ever been an acknowledged attraction and a means of augmenting the funds of the movements for which his efforts have been kindly given, and who has contributed in no limited degree to the amusement and gaiety of hundreds during the past fourteen months, is os the eve of departure from Maitland, and makes as appeal to that I community which has been amused and assisted by his talents and hie humour In view of tpe considerations mentioned, Mr Roach has a claim upon the people of Maitland, and we think the announcement of his final entertainment need merely be made m order to ensure as overflowing house Such a mark of appreciation will be a suit- able mode of giving a popular farewell to a favorite, and it will have the additional effect of cheering him on his way to future histrionic triumphs, for Mr Roach, conceiving his vocation to be the stage, is about to enter upon that arduous path of labour and study which we hope will m his case lead to assured success His last appearance in Maitland will take place in the Hall of the School of Arts on Monday evening next, JSOV 24, when he will be assisted by several local amateurs His own selections will include the following new stones and songs - " Paul Dougherty's visit to Squire Benton f Neil Malone," Carleton "The ghost story," Carleton, " The private still,' a song, " The twig of the Shannon," a song, and " Condy Cullen and the gauger," asd he will give, for the last time, the alwajs popular " Widow Machree" The perform ance will be more directly under the patronage of the Friendly Societies, Dut will, we trust, be gene- rally under the patronage of the whole commumtj of Maitland POLICE BUSINESS. — Mr. James Smith, P. M., and Mr. W. H. Smith, J. P., were the sitting magistrates at the temporary court-house, West Maitland, on Thursday, and dealt with four police cases and a number of petty debts cases. — At the East Maitland police court, yesterday, the Police Magistrate and Drs. Wilton and J. Pierce, J. P.'s, were in attendance, and disposed of three cases. WIFE DESERTION. — At the East Maitland police court, yesterday, John O'Keeffe was brought up in custody of constable Powell, charged with deserting his wife at Newcastle, and leaving her without law- ful means of support. He was remanded to New- castle to be dealt with. ALLEGED FALSE PRETENCES. — At the temporary court-house, West Maitland, on Thursday, charges of obtaining goods by false pretences against a girl named Margaret Colquhoun were withdrawn, the defendant not being called upon to appear. The information appeared to have been laid under a wrong impression. LUNACY. — Mary Toohey was brought up on re- mand at the East Maitland police court, yesterday, on a charge of being of unsound mind, and unfit to be at large. Dr. Wilton said the defendant had been under his care for the previous week in the gaol. She was at times very violent, and from her manner he considered her to be of unsound mind, and unfit to be at large. Dr. J. Pierce's evidence was to the same effect. The bench committed her to Maitland gaol, to remain there until liberated in due course of law. 