Ghosts. .. ^ vr w pftvm the London GM>ep , < E havejchat)geijjhich in tKeie davU from the; old times when ghosts, were .almost.an article of: faith, aif0 when^the peraon who told tale of the world, of spirits might chance to .gain credence for his narrative without anjjnner 7 reservation "that, at all events.Jl iBfrery difficult to account for it." Iji Queen Elizabeth's time that,stage direction in "Hjmlet,"" Enter Ghost," struck a real chord of emotion amongnf" the people, and, so far from weakening the force of the illusion, considerably heightened it by introducing a mysterious agency, as to which all «rere more or less sympathetic. Thus, in the Middle Ages a ghost had a dignity very .different from the Peckham apparition of these days. Thereis a A-y.told in French history -of a peasant of Marseilles who was troubled by an unearthly visitor. The peasant was to make his way to the king, and reveal to him a message that would be commpi*- eated to him ; but if he disclosed it to anyone elee he would die. Hendid disclose it toanother—his wife—and he died, falling dewd on the spot, too. The perturbed spirit, hMteer, though fhfortunate in this ch^ce of a ^Wsenger, revealed himself a second time, with similar formalities and threats, and aaain thegapglous French nature could not keep reticent aboit tlie news. The tale was" told, and themarrator, in his turn, died. Tet a third time the ghost spoke.- This time to a farrier". The tale we tell is historiifl. and the facts precise and ascertained. 'QnBbierkept*: his counsel, journeyed to VersSflP^nw Goldf Stick in 'Waiting, who was very polite but very obdurate. A peasant ± Marseille! have an interview with the Majesty of France! Impossibly; a thing not to be. heard of! Farrier brings forward his ghastlyi facta. Proof offered, asked for, given. Did not two other of the good folkc£%the town to whom revelation had been made die because they departed from the strict letter of their instruction P Gold Stick was alarmed. Could not the truth of these statements be easily ascertained from the local authorities Gold Stick was alarmed. Gold Stick was relieved. The farrier was to call in a couple of days—he called, sajy the king in private, had several interviews with him, and returned to his own provinc^a wealthy man, supported by the revenue, a lfmblic character from that time till his death, and probably a bachelor and misogamist, for the substance of tho secret never transpired. It is all hisjoflbal. The best arii^j|of the day drew our farrier, the drawing was Engraved, and copies of it exist in several private collections. One writer profess<fcto have seen the print, and says that " it Spresents the face of-a man about thirty-five or forty years of age, with an open countenance, rather pensive, and with a very characteristic expression"— a somewhat vague description as to the whole, atfkpne would be glad to have learned what waPthe special character of that expression. Wel»ve in different days now, and the age . . jf apparitions seems, notwithstanding an occa8ional exception, to have passed away. The ghost of the nineteenth century cannot keepf his secret as well as his brother spirit - - ofthe - - seventeenth, and it is the magistrate,not the minister, with whom he is confronted. The lantern of " Pleaceman X" shines upon the apparition, and under this manifestation the mystery is not so much dissolved into thin air as solidified into flesh and blood. The spirit then becomes what the Acts of Parliament c»II a " person," and the laws, of the land take their useful and uninterrupted effect. And yet who will deny that there lingers a strong belief, which none of the vaunted " enlightenment ofthe nineteenth century" cain crush down, in ghosts and apparitions? What is spiritualism but a mode ofthe same disease? We are not as credulous as our simple forefingers, and we have afltay of severing our flRgment from our faifl^'and being mortally afraid of ghosts, though we well k -ow that such things do not exist. What is the experience of each one ? Is there any reader of this paper who, however follWhate in his own experiences, has not had some relative, or friend, or acquaintance who has seen a ghost? We do not mean sounds or rappings, but a real bona fide— we were going to say—flesh and blood live f;host ? The writer himself forms no exception to the rule which he believes prevails. Here is a story told to. htm by one of the chief actors :—Throe students of a university, situated in what Thackeray calls a viceregal city, had retired aft^dinner to the rooms of a friend.-; There isTio importance jBhe words " after dinner." College beer 1s"very small beer, nor do I know of any instance on record in which a man who had partaken freely was visited by ghosts. The four friends were standing round the fire, which flickered brightly, so that every part of the^fcm could be seen. Its shape was of thia The door from the staircase was at One corner ; directly opposite to tlm was another door, which led into the bea-room. There was no otker approach to or exit from the room. The nreplace was at the side of the inner door. The friends were standing round the fire chatting togethe?, when they distinctly snw the outer door open gently, and a figure pass in. It crossed the room, and passed through the opposite doorway jgto the bed-room. Three of the young men rushed at once into the room, examined every part of it together, but there was no trace or sign' of anything. The other had fainted on seeing the apparition. What is curious about this tale is that it forms, so far as is known, the aalr instance of modern times of a. ghost beinjBeen by Beveral persons simultaneously.a general rule, if the apparition appears to more persons than one it does so successively, as in the French storv just told. Another circumstance that IB remarked in this case is that each one of jhe ; four persons seems to have arrived at the idea immediately that the^pisitor was a ghost. Tho spirit was, indeed, known to two of them—that is to say, two of the P tugjy said it was the ghost of their brother, lut the other two were quite strangers to tlie fact, and yet, without a word said, seeing the entry, they seem to have felt instinctively and unhesitatingly that it was a ghost, •he tale is told as a thing that*nappened. TherFwae 110 dowsger-duchesB or guardsman present to command the respect of the limee, but then—everyone^not so strong-minded and naturally incredulous as that journal. A man out West undort^pk to play with a lio» at the menagerio the^oihcr day. He says he finds it mighty^fcftl'to write with his left hand, bjut that he nfrc^s his eyf more than anything else. Uis«cM||.was always a trouble to him. SS* 