PHOSPHORESCENT FUNGUS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AUSTRALASIAN, Sir,—By this post I have sent a small box containing a few twigs, and a piece of phos- phorescent fungus. The tree from which the twigs were taken is a species of acacia. It is now about 10 years old, 20ft high, and bloomed last year for the first time. In general appearance it resembles the black wood, though the bark is smoother and lighter in colour. You will observe that the terminal leaves are bi-pinnate and the lateral leaves are lanceolate. The blackwood, I am aware, has a similar habit when young, but in a year or two its leaves are all curved lanceolate. The fungus I first observed last July, while travelling in the bush by night. At a distance, I took it to be a number of stumps being burned for the purpose of clearing land ; but happening to travel the same way about a week after, I noticed the same ap- pearance, seemingly unchanged, and thinking that it must proceed from some other cause, I went and examined, and found that the light proceeded from a fungus which grew around the roots of dead stumps, and similar to that which I now send you. By the aid of the light emitted from the piece which I send you, in a dark cellar by night I could clearly see to read the small print of The Argus; it is now much dimmer than it was. If you wish it I will send you the next fresh one that I find. Can you give or get me any informa- tion concerning them ?—Yours, &c.;, Maldon, May 27. INQUIRER. P.S.—I have Been some of the same kind of fungi 71b. weight. [The twigs are examples of what is by no means uncommon in Australia—the so- called " leafless acacia," containing some of the true leaves, which are pinnated at the end of the flattened leaf-stalks, or petioles, which come to resemble true leaves so much in appearance and functions, as to receive the special name Phylladis. These ap parently simple false leaves of the "leafless acacia " differ from the true leaves in having parallel veins, as well as in not being pinnate. The particular species is the Acacia brevipes. The luminous fungus is the large Polyporus, of which even the small species were bril- liantly luminous a month ago. —ED. AUST.] 