The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Birth) said there was no objection to the motion, mm he would comply with the order of the House im mediately upon its being passed. He entirely agreed with the hon. member for Noarlunga (Mr. CarrX and as far as he had been able to observe the reports of speeches given by the ' Hansard' had been very fair and impartial. He was bound to say, however, that he was not in the habit of reading the speeches of other members when he had had the privilege of hearing them uttered. (Hear, bear.) He did not Buppose many people ever r. ad carefully their own speeches, but what he : had observed w as that the reports were sinKularly fair and accurate. Mr. WARD, in reply, said he thought the remarks of the two members who had spoken went a long way to prove the correctness of the position he took. They referred to the reports of their own speeches; but what he accused the 'Hansard' staff of was partiality— according to their prejudices they were partial (Mr. Carr-'No.') rie did net suppose the hon. member read the reports of speeches generally to see whether they were conect or not. No doubt he read the reports of his own speeches, and he thought he had sometimes secured — he would not say undue prominence, because anything that fell from his lips was of course worthy of any prominence si ven to it— but he had secured a good deal of space because he was painstaking enough to write his speeches. (Hear, near.) He thought on some great questions to which the hon. member attached considerable importance he took the paina to prepare carefully his speeches, and he had ou more than one occa sion handed oser his manuscript. He did not say that was an iW'raptr course, but he denied that because any mcmlier wrote his speech he had a r&ht; to be more fully reported. (Hear, hear.) He never wrote a speech in his life, either before or after delivery- except when reporting his own speeches— (lauphtei) — but he never wrote one before delivery, and he did not Bee that because he did not do so be was the less entitled to be reported less fully than a member who might supply his remarks. His hop. colleague spoke of the fairness of the reports in 'Hansard.' The Chief Secretary meant his own speeches; but this was the point he (Mr. Ward)' made, that some were and some were not reported fairly ; and no man reading the report of the two speeches of himself and Mr. Boucaut would suppose the house had in any degree confirmed, endorsed, or corroborated his remarks. It was his absolute belief, founded upon past experience— not on any recent knowledge of the persons who conducted the paper— that the liifleretice, unfairness, and misrepresentation was simply because the Seaister tried to do all they could to bolster up the hon. merubtr for West Torrens, and do all in their small power against him. He cared about as much for the Register as for a mosquito-(laughter)-and he would like to see before any public meeting' or tribunal who could bring the better reason. But if it was a question whether they should subsidize this misrepresentation and unfairness it was another question, and because he objected to subsidize this misrepresentation and unfairness he moved this motion. The motion was carried. The CHIEF StCK«iTARY (Hon. A. Blyth) laid a copy of tbe ' Hansard1' contract upon the table, and it was ordered to be printed. RAILWAY ACCOMMODATION BILL. In Committee. Clause b\ Appropriation of tolls, rents, &c; The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. EL E. .Bright) moved that this clause be struck out, as it would make the Bill a Money BilL The Attorney-General had assured him that there would be no harm in striking it out. The clause was struck out. Clause 7 was agreed to. In the preamble the COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS moved to insert 'and Albtrton' after ' Port Adelaide' in the second and fourth lines. Mr. ANGAS asked the Attorney-General whether there was any necessity for bringing in a Bill of this nature at alL He believed there was power for the Government to possess themselves of any land they required, and tbe power brought into force on behali of the Railway Company was given to the Commissioner of Public Works when the line was constructed. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) said that in all Railway Bills authority was given to take land, according to a plan showing a line of deviation. The time allowed was three years, unless there was a special provision; but there was not in this case, and the time had long ago expired. Mr. WEST-ERSKINE suggested that as many railways would have to be carried out it would be well to at qnre obtain power for ever to take such land as might be required on laying plans before the Howe. The ATTOBNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) said that where a line of deviation was made a great deal more land than necessary would be included, and the Government were able to take the land if the ownera liked it or not But what might be a just power now might be unjust in some years when the land had been built upon. Mr. STEYKKSON thought the subject was of too much importance to allow land to be taken by the Crown by simply laying plans on the table. The present Bill eeemed to be ail that was re QUired, but the hon. member might afterwards try the question whether it would be advisable to have power to take land on lading a plan on the table. He thought, however, Mr. West-Erskine would be one of the first to oppose it Tt.e preamble and title were passed. The House resumed, the Bill was repotted, and the consideration of the report was made an Order of the Day for Tuesday. The House adjourned at 20 minutes past 5 o'clock till the following Tuesday at 2 p.m. THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday. August 20. ' The Sekakeb took the Chair at 2 o clock. : PETITIONS. Mr. COTTBELL presented a petition from 1,515 rendents of Adelaide for a vote of £6,000 for * bridge at the V rome crossing. Eeceived and read. Mr. SOLOMON presented a similar petition ' from 326 residents of North Adelaide. Received. Mr. STEVENSON presented a similar petition from 220 residents of Norwood and Kensington. Eeceived. ADJOUBNMENT.-THE COMMISSIONER OF INSOLVENCY. Mr. BUNDEY wished to make a personal state merit, and in order to do so would move that the House at its rising adjourn till Tuesday next. Yesterday on his arrival by the 4 o'clock train ne bad some letters placed in hia hands, one of them from the hon, member Mr. Boucaut with an enclosure. He regretted that the hop. member took the opportunity of attacking him in his absence, because he thought it better when state ments such as that made by the hon. member were made it should be in presence of him to whom it referred, bo that he might have an oppor tunity of replying, and that statement and answer might go forth on the same day. He thought he should better consult the dignity of the House and his own self-respect by connning himself to answers to the assertions made by the hon. member. He had had the whole of his tune that morning taken up in getting papers, to which he should call the attention of the House, too, presently, and this would be the last answer he should make to any attacks made upon himself by the hon. member for West Torrens or any other hon. member. The hon. member said yesterday ? The SPEAKER reminded the hon. member that it was contrary to the Standing Orders to quote from any newspaper any part of the debates of the session. Mr. TOWNSEND perfectly agreed with what the Speaker said, but, inasmuch as the hon. member was not present yesterday, would ask whether he could not by permission of the House refer to a newspaper. (Hear, hear.) The SPEAKER said it was entirely in the hands of the House to decide; but he thought the hon. member, without actually infringing the Standing Orders, would be able to refer to some notes which he might have which might or might not be in print Mr. BUNDEY continued— He understood these assertions had been made. When he first read this his position was a very unpleasant one, because whatever took place between himself and the gentleman referred to by the hon. member took place in the position of attorney and client, and every hon. member must know that such com munications were privileged. Te place himself on a right footing, he sent a gentleman to Mr. Ziegler that morning, and therefore he was in a position to state what took place between Mr. Ziegler and him self. Perhaps the best thing to say what did take place would be to read what he had committed to writing:— 'I did say on Mr. Ziegler censulting me that he had a good case, and I might have said that he would win it in any Court of Christendom, although I have no recollection of using such words. I am still of opinion that Mr. Ziegler had a just case, and that his version of the transaction between himself and his brother-in-law is the true one. On my honour I never did say that Mr. Hen ning's solicitor was Mr. Way, but in this case he would employ Mr. Solicitor Downer, or that I con-, sidered he (Mr. Ziegler) would have no ghost of a chance before Mr. Justice Downer. (Cheers.) I was not and am not aware of Mr. Way being Mr. Henning's solicitor: and I know if he waa ao that he is too high-minded and honour able a gentleman to do as suggested. 1 do not recollect having read to Mr. Ziegler the comments referred to in the Border Watch, but may have done so. The only Border Watch I ever recollect having in my office is one of Feb ruary 24, 1872 (18 months ago); it was sent to me anonymously, and the strictures in it are from an anonymouB correspondent. (Cheers.) I will show hon. members, who desire it, the article referred to; but I will not read it for the purpose of assist ing the hon. member for West Torrens in throwing more dirt on His Honor the Commissioner of Insol vency by a reprint of it in the journals of the House. I do not believe that I said the profession quite agreed with what was said in the Border Watck, inasmuch as I am of opinion that the cases referred to were decided according to law, and the inuendo in the article therefore is unjust. I did not, to the best of my belief. Bay that no practi tioner (or no respectable practitioner, as put in Sh hon. member's letter to me) liked to go into Cour and take a case when Mr. Downer was on the othe side; but I did say that I did not like doing so (Mr. Boucaut— 'I did not say that') It is some what difficult to meet such a general assertion a that made by the hon. member, namely, tha dozens of other cases have been mentioned to him by myself. If he refers to the period before M . Brook's decease he may be to a certain degree correct, as I have already informed the House; but if he avers 1 made such statements to him within the last twelve months he is stating that which has no foundation in fact.' He had never said in the House what had been stated by the hon. member. He had said that eighteen months or two years ago he did make these assertions, but that within the last twelve or eighteen months he did not recollect to have made a single remark as to any decision of the Commissioner of Insolvency. In the case which the hon. member had referred to he did not condemn His Honor's decision. He would read the report of the case from a newspaper : —'Local Court, April 3».-O. Ziegler v. K. Hen ning— £15, on an I.O.U'. Mr. Bundey for plaintiff; Mr. J. W. Downer for defendant, who said the I.O.U. was given to Ziegler in consideration of his contributing j£15 towards the support of his father-in law, and it was to be paid if defendant received the rent of certain property, which rent, however, he did not get. Plaintiff denied defen dant's statements. The evidence was very contradictory. The Special Magistrate said he would not give an opinion as to which party had trifled with the truth in the paltry affair, but would leave it to their con sciences and exercise the privilege the law allowed him of leaving the parties in the same position as they were before the action. Nonsuit, without costs.' He did honestly believe that his client bad a just and right case, but the Presiding Magisttate believed the contrary, and his belief and the Magistrate's decision were two very diffe rent things. It had been put forward by the hon. member that some statements had been made to him by a gentleman he highly respected— meaning Mr. Eggers— but he had no recollection of ever having spoken to Mr. Eggers with respect to Mr. Commissioner Downer. He could not help ex pressing his regret that he was compelled to take up the time of the House by making explanations of this description: but no further attack from the bon. member should draw a reply from him, and he should do his utmost to get on with the busi ness of the country. He regretted exceedingly that the Government, when they received from Air. Downer, as he understood they bad. a demand for an enquiry into his conduct, did not immediately inform him tbat it would be time enough to have an enquiry when the hon. member for West Torrens made a specific charge. (Cheers.) He could tell them that they would have the support of the House, for the hon member would have five votes, and they 3L out oi the 36. Mr. BRAY did not wish to interfere, but this was not a personal explanation. Mr. TOWNSEflD hoped the hon. member would not object The SPEAKER said the hon. member said he wished to make a personal explanation, and with a view to that moved a formal motion; but it was perfectly competent for any hon. member to object to the matter altogether. Mr. BEAY would withdraw his objection if other hon. members would have an opportunity of apeakiDR. Mr. BUNDEY continued. The hon. member was trying to brand the Commissioner of Insol vency as an unjust Judge upon inuendo only. Th : Government might have very good reasons for not doingas he had suggested, but it would have given tha hon. member an opportunity of making hi3 attac'i fairly and honourably. He was not standing there a - a champion of Mr. Downer; he was acting on the principle of what was' right or wrong in any case (Hear, hear)— but the principle once established of taking away character by inuendo, where would it end? The feeling abroad was very strong indee I that an improper course had been taken in the way this matter had been brought before the House. There was one thing he bad omitted to mention. IThe hon. member then read a state ment made by one of his clerks, who waa the first person in his office who had a conversation with Mr. Ziegler, to the effect that it was Mr. Ziezler who complained of the Messrs. Downer; and a letter from another, in which he mentioned that Mr. Ziegler denied 'that he had ever said.be would not have a ghost of a chance before Mr. Downer.'! In conclusion. Mr. Bundey said he felt tbat he had taken up sufficient time, but he hoped these personal attacks and recriminations would not be persisted in, or else the House would be shunned by any right- minded man. Mr. BOUCAUT, in seconding the motion, said he did not think he had been treated fairly by some hon. members who suggested yesterday that he had made an attack on the hon. member. He distinctly avoided making any attack. All he said in the first instance was that there was an un fortunate feeling in the minds of the legal profes sion concerning the way in which Mr. Commis sioner Downer was iufluenced by his brothers The hon. member for Oukapannga disputed what he said. In justification he sM the hon. member had made similar statements himself frequently, and then the hon. member got up and spoke as if he (Mr. Boucaut) had spoken without book, and to show that he had not done so he f esterday read from a letter oi Mr. Even's, m which the words about the ghost of a -to« ^lTOfEl££: Ziegler bad called on him and ™t£edtiul#X* except on one or two points-that Mr. Mann wm the solicitor instead of Mr. Downer, and that the hon. member did not use the words ghost of a chance.' He was not going to attack the hon. member, but be would say that no one had done so much harm to the Commissioner of Insolvency as the hon, member himself, who had pretended to defend him in the statements he had made the other day and that day. His own letters proved, and what he said showed, that the town was impregnated with the feeling of which he had spoken. The hon. member the other day said that he had JE10 a week before Mr. Downer came to practice in the Insolvency and Local Courts, but that he had nothing since. What did that mean? Either he was correct in saying that the Commissioner of Insolvency had not struggled sufficiently against the influence of his brothers, or that Mr. Bundey had been snuffed out by Mr. Jobn Downer. He did not think the latter was the case, but he did that the former was correct. As to the late Mr. Brook, up to the day of his death his opinion was unaltered. He had it on the information of Mr. Rees that he had expressed an adverse opinion to Mr. Downer before he died; and on the 6ame authority he learnt that Mr. Way was angry that the truth should have been denied, as he (Mr. Way) had papers to show that what had ieen said was correct. The hon. member himself, le bad been told, had signed a petition to have Mr. Downer removed. (Mr. Bundey-' When?') Did the hon. member sign a petition? (Mr. Burnley— ' 1 have no recollection of it.' A member of the profession had told him that he had seen some such document with the hon. member's signature to it Would the bon. member say that be was no party to the petition? (Mr. Bundey—'! have said during the course of the debates on this matter that I wag. But it was two years ago.') Why could it be considered that the hon. member had altered his mind since, when he had only three months aeo the conversation alluded to with Mr. Ziegler? A gentleman who lived at Two Wells had told him that the hon. member bad sent him to Mr. John Downer with a case, saying that he would have no chance himself. (Mr. Bundey— 'It is not true.') The hon. mem ber admitted that he had said to Mr. Ziegler that he did not like to go into the Court against Mr. John Downer, and that was not in the heat of the moment of losing a case, but in a calm cool manner at his own office. That, he considered, should be a justification for what he bad said. He had been blamed for not speaking on this subject before; but he had not considered that he should do so, because he would repeat he did not consider Mr. Downer corrupt, in spite of gentlemen, and amongst them the hon. member, having said so. (Mr. Bundey- 'I never said so.') Not in words —(cries of ' Shame')— but he understood what was meant. He did not consider before tbat there was any reason for his action ; but it was now quite a different case when he was being made a Judge by Act of Parliament The hon. member had said there was a strong feeling upon this subject in the country. There might be; but if so, it was with him; but at any rate a matter of thu kind was not to be decided by feeling, but by calm judgment As the Advertiser had said, while a Btrong feeling existed against a man it was not at all right that he should be appointed to the position of a Judge. In conclusion, he might say that no person had spoken against Mr. Downer in more violent terms than the hon. member for Ooka paringa. Mr. LAKE rose to address the House — Mr. DUNCAN, on a point of order, submitted that the discussion had gone far enough. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. BIyth) wished to know if the motion moved was identical with one on the Notice-paper. The SPEAKER said he considered that on a personal explanation the discussion had gone a sufficient length. The subject was allowed to drop. DESTITUTE CHILDREN. Mr. MYLES moved 'That the return of destitute children boarded out since 1st January, 1871, laid on the table, be ' printed.' He bad looked over the return as he had pro mised, and now considered it would be well it should be printed. It was all very well to say that the feelings of certain persons might be hurt by the publication, but he thought it well that children should be in a position to be traced. Mr. SOLOMON, while he should not oppose the motion, thought that the children should only be placed in a position to be traced by those who had a right to trace them. Worthless parents of children who had been sent to Magill— persona keeping brothels in Adelaide— had tried to get at their children to lead then into dissipation, but the Board had tried to keep the parents from carrying out their desire. Some communication had been made to him lately in reference to a destitute child driving his master in a drunken state home. He saw that some letter had been sent to the Advertiser and not published, because he imagined it was libellous, and that led hni to believe something was behind the scenes. He was also sorry to say that a sectarian attempt was being made to get children back again into the fold who had been a long time adopted by persons outside He maintained that the institu tion was the best in South Australia. An hon. member had complained to him that he had not been able on behalf of one of his constituents to get at one of the children. Mr. HUGHES objected to the hon. member making use of what was a private conversation. Mr. SOLOMON had not mentioned Mr. Hugbea's name, but bad said an hon. member of the House. He might say that when that que stion was answered his reply would astonish that gentleman. The SPEAKER ruled that when in such a case his iittention was called to the fact that an hon. member was using the substance of a private con versation, and the member interested objected to its being used, be must rule that the hou. member should proceed no further. Mr. HUGHES had expressly told Mr. Solomm that he did uot wish to make any complaint in the matter. Mr. SOLOMON said this referred to the same conversation. The SPEAKER ruled that Mr. Hughes could uot proceed to say an thing more about it Mr. HUGHES said that no good purpose could be secured by secrecy, and pointed out that chil dren were now boarded out in several places all over the colony— such as Rapid Bay, Angaston, Kapunda, Nairne, Tarlee, Moonta, Blumberg. Strathalbyn, Willaston, Gumeracha, Laughorne's Creek, Alallala, Modbury, Mount Pleasant, Greenock, Mount Barker, Murray Flats, Black Springs, Palmer, Guinare, Onetree HilL Kapunda. In such case it was well to know where they were. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. BIyth) was obliged to Mr. Myles for reading the return before asking that it Bhould be printed, and now, as he considered the printing necessary, he would not oppose the motion. Carried. CONNECTING NORTHERN AREAS WIIH SEABOARD. nMf' W,AKP Mked the Commissioner of Public Works 'whether the Government have arrived at any determination as to the course they will propose to adopt for connecting the Northern Areas with the seaboard, and when will they be prepared to propound it' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H.E. Bright) replied:-' The Government have decided on the course they propose to adopt for connecting the Northern Areas with the sea board, and Bills embodying their policy are now in the hands of the draftsman.' XXX TELEGRAPH MESSAGES. Mr. WATTS asked the Chief Secretary "if he will issue a regulation to the Tele graph Department that in future the date and hour of the receipt of the message at the office be transmitted and entered on the telegram for the information of the receiver, to apply to all the stations in South Australia and the Northern Ter ritory." ^The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A Blyth) replied:— "I will take the necessary steps to pro vide that the date of receipt as well as that of issue be entered, and I am in communication with the Superintendent of Telegraphs in reference to the question of the hour; but I cannot promise anything on this latter question." INTERCOLONIAL STATISTICAL SYSTEM. Mr. KRICHAUFF asked the Chief Secret irv 'has this Government received adraftof a uniform system for the preparation of the statistics of the several Australian Colonies, which was to be for warded for approval or amendment, in accordance with a resolution passed at the Intercolonial Con ference of 1873; and if so will it be laid upon the table of this House.' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. BIyth) re plied:— 'The Government have not yet received a draft of a uniform system for the preparation of the statistics of the several Australian Colonies referred to in the proceedings of the Intercolonial Conference of 1S73. A communication on the subject will be addressed to the Governments of Victoria and New South Wales.' Mr. KRICHAUFF wished to know if it would be laid on the table when it was received. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) Yrs; if the hon. member would a3k for it further 'ii in the session. ABSCONDING DEBTORS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. KRICHAUFF asked the Attorney-General 'in i Bill prepared to remedy the defects m the law against absconding debtors, iu accor dance with the resolution of the Intercolonial Conference of 1873.' The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) replied:— 'A Bill has been prepared to remedy he (Meets in question, and will shortly be intro duced.' FOREST RK3ERVE3. Mr. KRICHAUFF asked the Chief Secretary hare any more forest reserves been reserved; if ao. when will they be proclaimed, and where.' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. BIyth) replied :—' The Surveyor-General nas been in structed to secure the services of a person skilled in forest culture to assist him in inspecting the various sites recommended as forest reserves, and the Surveyor-General purposes leaving town on that duty on the 21st instant On completion of the necessary inspection plans of proposed re serves, and regulations for the planting, growth, and conservation of timber grown thereoc will be gazetted.', XXX TELEGRAPH STATION AT MENINGIE. Mr. BOOTHBY asked the Chief Secretary "when will a Telegraph Station be established at Meningie." ^The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) replied :— "A sum will be placed on the Estimates for 1874 for building a station at Meningie. On completion of this building the office at McGrath's Flat will be transferred to Meningie." ADJOURNMENT. Mr. WARD moved— 'That this House at its rising do adjourn until Tuesday, 2tith August, at 2 o'clock. Be said that he had put the motion on the Notice* paper, but would not press it if the House did not agree with him. The House had in years past been in the habit of adjourning for the Show, and it was better to decide to-day than perhaps next day have no quorum. If it was thought necessary he was quite prepared for one to stay there till 10 o'clock so as to finish up the work on the Notice paper. , ., Mr. MYLES seconded the proposition, and if necessary would press it to a division, as it was showing disrespect to the institution if the House refused to adjourn when a Show was going to be held. Mr. BRAY would be guided by the action of the Government in the matter, and hoped they would be decided in their policy upon this one question, and not vote two on one side and two on the other. The ATTORNEY- GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) —That was the very thing the Government pro posed doing. It was entirely a matter for the con sideration of the House whether they adjourned or not The Bill to provide for the administration of justice in the Northern Territory would be on the Paper; but as there would be a thin House, and that was a matter of importance which some hon. members wanted more time to consider, he would not move regarding it. There were other important mattetB on the Paper; but as far as the Constitution Amendment Bill was concerned he would not be able to move that, as he understood tbat it would require a clear majority of members to deal with it The question was put, and declared negatived. Mr. WARD called for a division :— Ayes, 17— The Chief Secretary, the Attorney Geneial, Messrs. Bundey, Uivenagh, Krichauff. Lake, Myles, Pickering, Ramsay, Simms, Smith, Solomon. Stevenson. Townsend, Watts, Weat Erskine, aud Ward (teller. Noes. 11— The Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Boothby, Boucaut Bray, Carr. Cottrell, Duncan, Hughes, Pearce. Rogers, and the Trea surer (teller). Majority of 6 for the Ayes. EMIGRATION TO THE NORTHERN TE&RITOfiY.; Mr. LAKE moved ' That in the opinion of this House it is desirable to fix a price for and debit the Northern Territory account with every person going thither from any part or port of South Australia.' No doubt sooner or later we should have te con sider whether the Northern Territory should be separated from South Australia. (Hear, hear.) Then it became the population of South Australia to say that if we were to have the expense of popu lating tbe Northern Territory, which would be a very large expense, we should have some means of recovering the amount of the loss. There were the means of keeping a record at present; but unless we made some provision, it would be a difficult matter by-and-by. Now it would be easy to number the people leaving South Australia, but ultimately it would be a difficult matter, as people from all parts would be mixed up with those from South Australia. He knew remarks had been made against the question; but we had undertaken tbe care of the Northern Territory, and it was not a question of what Victoria or Queensland would do. The TREASURES (Hon. L. Glyde) hardly knew whether his hon. friend was serious in asking the House to vote for tbe motion. It was true that we were losing population, and it might be a great thing to be able to carry out the idea, but the suggestions were quite impracticable. Suppose the emigrants were calculated at £10 a head, his own impression was that a great many of them would return, and the Auditor-General would have to credit the Northern Territory jwith those who returned with their pockets full of gold. He would not be able to support the motion. Mr. CARR said the mover had introduced im portant considerations— should we at the expense of South Anstralia proper import labour largely to augment the population of the Northern Terri tory? (Hear, hear.) The Treasurer bad made himself merry in a small way— (laughter)— with the phraseology of the motion. He would suggest to strike out the words 'with every' and put the word 'person' into the plural number. He thought this a very important and reasonable pro position, as he did not see why South Australia should bear the expense of populating the Northern Territory. Mr. SOLOMON said if he thought any practical good could arise from the motion he would support it. The only good could be the reimbursement of the value of labour, but tbat he deemed to be an impossibility. He would ask Mr. Carr how much he would debit the Northern Territory for the loss of John Bond Phipscn, who had cost the colony a good deal of money. It would be unfair to debit the Northern Territory with persons who came heie at their own expense to-day and left for the Not them Territory to-morrow. He could imagine the utility of such an arrangement if made with Victoria in 1S50, as we would have re ceived some £6v0.000 or £700,tOJ. He would oppose the motion. Mr. KAMSAY thought the motion was not so impracticable as the hon. member thought. He was always under the impression that the Government were keeping a correct account of the money expended on behalf of the Northern Territory, and hoped they did so. If the Territory proved a success no doubt its independence would be declared, and then we would be supposed to be prepared to pat in an account for the cost of making the country what it was. Although it might be difficult to arrive at the number of persons who had paid their pas sages, it would not be difficult for the Govern ment to state the cost of those whom they had sent there. The Hon. T. RLYNOLDSsaid the hon. member quite forgot that persons went from Victoria and Queensland by South Australian vessels. What rule could be made in estimating the value of population? Mr. John Bond Phipson should be sent at a discount— (laughter)-and those who sent him there were no friends to the Northern Terri tory. He was glad that the hon. member took some interest in tbe finances of the Northern Territory, and that there was therefore some one besides the late Chief Secretary who took some interest in the matter. He had found out that no Commissioner of Crown Lands, Treasurer, or Chief Secretary had ever found out that the Northern Territory had never been debited with the interest of bends issued for the benefit of the Territory. That matter came before him (Mr. Reynolds) in the middle of last year. And even supposing it did not, the Auditor-General was under the control of the Chief Secretary, and it was hia duty or the Treasurer's to see that it was done. The Chief Secretary was not the only man who had looked into the finances of the Northern Territory. He was glad that the hon. member for Barossa had done so, and the late Commissioner of Crown Lands had also done so. He demurred to the heaping up of such expenses as were mentioned elsewhere yesterday, because he was sure the Chief Secretary would not include in its management anything like the sum inti mated in another branch of the Legislature. There was a large amount on behalf of the Over land Telegraph which had n t been debited to the Northern Territory, and there were accounts in the Northern Territory which had not been sent in. Whatever may have been the case the Chief Secre tary was very much to blame for most of the mistakes- (laughter)-as he had been longer Chief Secretary than any other person, and the less he said about the Northern Territory the better for himself. (Laughter.) Then it was said that out of the money derived from the sale of land £40,OC0 had been spent before Mr. McKinlay went to the Northern Territory; but who was respon sible for sending him there at 'a cost of nearly £9,000? The late Chief Secretary. Then who was responsible for the recall of Mr. Manton at a large expense ? Then who sent Captain Cadell at a large cost to the Northern Territory? (Mr. Ward— 'The present Chief Secretary.') He thought it was tbe present Chief Secretary. (Laughter.) Although what we had got for land and bonds amounted to £177,000 we had spent in all these sur veys, marine and land, only something like £85,000, and what had become of the balance? That was a matter he might call the attention of the House to* presently. Mr. BOUCAUT said Mr. Reynolds had shown either that the late Chief Secretary had a restive team, or he was a very bad driver. (Laughter.) A worse Government than the present would have l-een a relief if the late Chief Secretary had come down to drive. He thought it was undesirable that the late Chief Secretary should bring up various matters for which he was equally responsible, and he thought it a pity tbat when members had left office their little differences ' which used to was' should be aired before the public He did not think the hon. member was to blame with regard to the late Chief Secretary. He thought there had been a lHtle 'hero-wonhip.' and pe*»J'Jt »*? that which had induced the late Chief Secretary to speak. Mr. Lake had raised an important ques tion; but he would ask him to withdraw tot motion, because his desire could not be earned out in the present form of the proposition 'would be unjust to the people of this colony with free immigration that numbers of immigrants coming to the colony should walk off to the Northern Territory, because wages were higher, and because of the gold tbat was supposed to exist. Mr. TOWKSEND hoped the hon. member would withdraw the motion. There was a principle in volved, but the terms of the motion coula lead to no practical result. He regretted that Mr. Reynolds should have found fault with the late Chief Secre tary. There was only one thing worse, and that was lawyers raking up personal communications between lawyers and clients. Mr. WARD would support the principle of the motion, bnt be could hardly vote for it in its present shape. If we were going to spend money on immigration, and a number of persons we brought out went to the Northern Territory, it was only fair that the Northern Territory revenues should bear the cost But when people came out at their own cost and went to the Territory there was no reason why South Australia should receive anything from the funds of the Northern Territory. He thought Mr. Reynolds's remarks indicated that he was hardly satisfied with his position in the late Ministry. He was a wheeler, and he (Mr. Ward) thought he would have preferred the lead. (Laughter.) Mr. LAKE, in reply, agreed that persona coming here at their own expense and going to the Northern Territory should not be debited to that part of the colony. This was simply a matter of account?, and an estimate could be made of the persons coming free and at their own cost and a price fiasd. If we did not do something of that sort the sooner the honour of settling the Territory was shared with some other colony the better. He did not see any impracticability in his proposition, because records were kept, and it was easy to show whether persons went to the Northern Territory or not. If others came back it was only a simple matter of accounts to reckon the proportion. It was pointed out by the Hon. Mr. Reynolds that persona came from Victoria here to go to the Northern Territory, but it was natural to suppose they would not continue to do so, but would go direct, and the same would apply with regard to persons from England. It would be a simple question of what each person cost South Australia, and having arrived at the average, that was the amount that Ehould be debited to the Northern Territory for each person taken away from this colony. If that were done it would be a strong motive to prevent the Territory separating in case it became a populous ami prosperous place. If it was to get rid of only such persons as John Bond PhipBon he even questioned whether it was not suicidal for the Government to send such a person there-(The Chief Secretary— 'We did not send him.' Hear, hear, and laughter)— as he would be far more difficult to manage there than here. Although he asked leave to withdraw the motion he trusted the House would soon arrive at some means of debiting to the Northern Territory the value of all emigrants to it from this place. Motion withdrawn. IMPOUNDING ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. WEST- ERSKINE moved '? That he have leave to introdnce 'A Bill for an Act to amend ' The Impounding Act of 1853,' and for other purposes.' ' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blytb) suggested that if the Bill was, as he understood, to impose an additional fee it would need to be in troduced in another form. The SPEAKER-It is impossible for me to say unless I see the Bill, but that could be set right afterwards. It would be better if the hon, member stated the nature of his Bill. Mr. WE3T-ERSKINE said the object was to allow a charge to be made for driving stock to the Pound. A similar provision existed in the New South Wales Act, and he imagined the omission of it in ours was an oversight. Carried. The Bill read a first time, and the eecond reading made an Order for that day week. XX POSTAL RETURNS. Mr. RAMSAY moved "That a return be laid on the table of this House showing the number of letters passed through the General Post- Office, from 1st January, 1870. to 31st July, 1873, specifying— Inland letters, letters by ship, and total number." ^The reduction on the postage of letters would, he believed, be an advantage to the mass of the people, and he was anxious that full information should be supplied, to enable the House to come to a decision upon it. ^Carried. ^Mr. RAMSAY moved ^"That a return be laid on the table of this House showing the number of newspapers passed through the General Post-Office from 1st January, 1870, to 31st July, 1873, specifying— Inland news papers, newspapers sent by ship, and total number." ^Carried. > NORTHERN TERHITORF GOVERNMENT P.ESIDENT. Mr. BOUCAUT moved '1. That in the opinion of this Houae it is necessary that the vacancy in the office of Govern ment Resident in the Northern Territory should be immediately filled. 2. That the sum of £1,5)0 per annum is a reasonable provision for the person filling such an important office in a tropical climate.' He had intimated to the Chief Secretary he did not put this notice on the Paper with a view to insist ing on its being pressed if the Government op posed it; but he wished to say one or twoword3, and elicit some information with regaru to the in tention of the Government. The Chief Secretary knew, in fact it was generally understood to be a fact, that the state of affairsin the Northern Terri tory was that of utter disorganization, and he did not suppose the Chief Secretary would deny that if there had been a Government Resident there during the last six months capable of managing the affairs that two or three time3 the salary named in the motion would have been saved. The Government said they had been to many gentle men who would not take the position at the salary they offered. It was very desirable they should have a good man there. Probibly the Govern ment had been influenced by the view that to bring down a motion for £1,500 would meet with oppo sition. Considering the climate he did not think that if they got a really good man that would be an unreasonable sum. This motion would enable the Government if they chose to do so to ascertain the views of hon. members. The Chief Secretary might say that this firm Govern ment, dsiving a good coach with strong horses, did not want to know anything about what hon. members thought, and if so he would say no more; but all would agree that it was highly desirable the office should be filled, and that not by a mere tsin poiary appointment. Mr. SOLOMON should not have risen but for the statement of the last speaker. If, as he asserted, there had been gross mismanagement, he and no doubt other members would like to see at whose door the responsibility of that mismanage ment lay. He should like to know the reason why the late Government Resident resigned, and if such charges as bad been hinted at could be borne out. He agreed with the motion, but looked upon the matter as entirely one for the Executive, They were told they had made offers, and, he believed, had not yet relaxed efforts to fill the post; and for an independent member to table a motion of this kind looked like taking out of the bands of the Executive work that legitimately belonged to them. ('Hear, hear,' from Mr. Glyde.) On that ground he should support the Government if they desired the hon. member to withdraw his motion. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hop. A. Blych) said the Government did look upon it as an inter ference with the Executive. (Hear, hear.) He had always admired the course of the hon. member for West Torrens in such matters in discouraging such interference, and had himself endeavoured humbly to follow him. (Laughter.) The Govern ment, be might say, had not relaxed theii efforts in this matter. They felt the hon. member was interfering— certainly, he hoped, not with any desire to improperly interfere— with the Executive ; but certainly it had had effect upon their delibera tions, and he would ask him, as courteously a3 he could, to withdraw the motion. Mr. EOUCAUT felt very much obliged to the Chief Secretary for his compliment, and he believed he deserved it (Laughter.) Of course it would not be pToperforhim to press the motion when the Government opposed it, but the Chief Secretary might slate the sum he thought would probably be placed on the Estimates. (The Chief Secretary — 'Kot settled.') Well, that was all he expected to know. He asked leave to withdraw the motion. The withdrawal being objected to by Mr. CAKR, tbe motion was put and negatived. XXX TELEGRAPHIC CHARGES. ^In Committee. ^Mr. TOWNSEND moved '^"That it is expedient to reduce the charge for messages sent by the electric telegraph between Adelaide and the Northern Territory." ^The evidence of Mr. Todd before the Conference at Sydney was that the lowering of the rate had been an immense benefit, and had caused an increase of revenue. The same principle was affirmed in the case of Melbourne, and therefore the motion ought not to need much argument. But there was an additional reason in the case of the Northern Territory. Large numbers of men went from here, many of them leaving wives and families behind, who had no means of communica tion for many months. One old man well known in North Adelaide was lying for several weeks ill, and ultimately died before any intelligence could be obtained by his wife in Adelaide. Therefore, on the grounds of humanity, as well as for financial reasons, the reduction ought to be made. Were hon. members aware of the long time that elapsed in communication by letter?. He was informed that from the 19th March to the middle of June there bad been no communication from the Territory except a few chance letters by way of Timor. The fact that the line was fully employed at present was no reason against the reduction, because there might be relays of operators. They had the line, and they should work it to the fall extent— the whole 24 hours if necessary— and the more especially as the time between the two termini varied so much. The re duction would also enable the Government to do away with the cypher system. So that in many respects the reduction would be an ad vantage. The objection might be raised that they would have to lower the charges with the British Australian Telegraph Company; but even if that were the case, and he did not know that it would be, it was not any argument against the motion, which he sincerely hoped would be carried, They should do with this as they did with their postal system, not look at it altogether from the point of view whether it would pay. They carried news papers through the post because it was felt that the whole of the taxpayers benefited by them. In every Bank and Government office, and in mercantile and working establishments, there were men interested in Mining Companies in the Northern Territory, and the high price of the tele grams made it almost impossible for the Directors to give the information which they ought to the public. ^The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A Blyth) thought the hon. member's motion somewhat pre mature. He agreed most thoroughly with a great deal that he had stated, but he would inform him that at least two-thirds of the messages which passed through the overland line were in cypher, and until the other day, when he gave orders for it to be discontinued, these were subject to an addi tional charge of 50 per cent, so that in addition to the ordinary charge of 14s. for a ten-word mes sage 7s. had to be paid. He thought that in waiving one-third of the cost of these messages they had gone far enough at present. He believed the hon. member's motion would interfere with the revenue. There was this difference between the overland line and other lines to which Mr. Townsend had referred. Part of the business on this line was done in connection with tbe cable which communicated with all other parts of the world, and they should take away the lever with which they might induce tbe Cable Company to reduce their charges if the Government made a reduction without a corresponding reduction being made by the Cable Company. The expense of working the Port Darwin line was very costly, and it had peen enhanced by the very nature of the occupations of the persons in the Northern Terri tory. The stations along the line produced almost nothing at all. The hon, member had said when the charge of sixpence on the Port line was increased to a shilling some years ago the revenue fell ; but the number of messages fell off, not the revenue; and his idea now was as it always had been, that within a certain radius from Adelaide the charge to all places should be the same. Unless they were going to have a fresh staff, and then work the line during the night, he did not see how they were going to make the reduction. ^Mr. BRAY thought it would have been well if the Chief Secretary at the same time as he brought about the recent reduction on cypher messages had made a corresponding reduc tion on other messages, and no doubt the mover would have been contented with that. Of course cypher messages caused extra trouble, and they might fairly be charged extra. He was surprised to hear the Chief Secre tary say that two-thirds of the messages sent through the overland line were in cypher. He had seen telegrams which were sent and received by many Mining Companies, and he only knew of one which used cypher. If it was necessary to have additional officers to work the telegraph let them get them. He should like the Chief Secre tary to eay whether stations bad been opened at Southport and Pine Creek yet, as had been some time ago promised. ^Mr. KRICHAUFF was very much astonished to hear that two-thirds of the messages on the over land line were in cypher, and thought that must be a mistake, for he had seen a great number, and not one of them was in cypher. If the officers on the line had more work than they could do he hoped the Government would take an early oppor tunity to send additional operators, so that the line could be worked day and night, and then it would be so fully occupied that a reduction could be made in the charges. ^Mr. CARR thought the Chief Secretary failed to see the great differences which existed between persons who sent messages to Port Darwin and those who sent messages to Europe. In the one case it was really one inhabitant of the colony sending to another, and as a uniform rate was charged for messages all over the colony, persons in the Northern Territory had a right to claim the privileges which as inhabitants of the colony they were entitled to. If they were to make a general reduction in the intercolonial lines without a corresponding reduction of the cable charges, they would be doing themselves injustice; but in the present proposition be could not see any impropriety. ^Mr. BARROW was not aware that two-thirds of the messages were in cypher, and thought there must be some mistake. He was also sur prised to hear that the staff was so overworked that they could do no more work. He should like to have a report from Mr. Todd on the subject, and also as to the proportionate number of mes sages sent in cypher. Something had been said as to the right of an inhabitant of the colony to send telegrams at a cheaper rate than a foreigner; but if a foreigner arrived here, would they charge him any more for a railway ticket than they did an inhabitant of the colony? (No.) Then he did not think the question of brotherhood should come into consideration in the matter of telegraph ing. If they reduced the messages on the Adelaide and Port Darwin line, they must reduce the charges on messages which came from the other colonies, and then would it not affect the revenue? The late Ministry had this subject under consideration with a view to giving effect to it, but they found diffi culties in the way, not only financial, but inter colonial. If the hon. member moved for a report from Mr. Todd, be would support him; but if he pressed this motion, he should have to vote against it. ^The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) thought there was some misunderstanding with regard to cypher messages. A message was con sidered a cypher message if only one word was in cypher. He had before him a report from Mr. Todd, which he should be happy to show the hon. member. ^Mr. RAMSAY opposed the motion, as he did not think they should reduce the tariff between here and Port Darwin unless the Cable Company were prepared to reduce their charges. The telegraph line was used to a great extent by promoters of Gold Mining Companies, a good many of which were bubble Companies, and he thought it would be wrong for the House to give further facilities for such to disburse the funds of the colonists. He also thought with Mr. Barrow that it would not do to reduce the charges unless they reduced the charges for the other colonies ^Mr. PEARCE hoped the hon. member would withdraw his motion, but notwithstanding that the Government would see if they could not make the telegraphic line of more service to the colony without any material additional cost to the country. The case referred to by the hon. member for the Sturt, of the poor man taken ill, was a little over done, because in such a case the benefit would not be so much in lowering the cost of the first ten words as in allowing 10 or 20 additional words to be sent at a slight cost, and he thought the Govern ment might very fairly allow a concession in that direction. It was a question, with him whether, instead of lowering the telegraph charges, the time had not arrived when the Government should take into consideration the desirability of subsidizing steamers so as to get them to run with something like regularity and carry a mail. ^Mr. LAKE held the view that the telegraph was not in existence merely for the State to make a profit by it, but to assist in the settlement of the Northern Territory. It should therefore be worked as cheaply and with as much advantage as possible to the coleny so long as there was no loss. Ninety nine out of every hundred persons now could not afford to use the telegraph. He would support an alteration in the tariff, as he believed a reduction of charges and a slight outlay in adding to the staff and perhaps putting up an additional wire, would make the telegraph pay better than at present. ^The Hon. T. REYNOLDS said that as a matter of reducing the cost of the government of the Northern Territory from Adelaide -for all Govern ment telegrams were charged without reduction to the Northern Territory account— it would be well to reduce the tariff of charges. But at present the staff, he heard, were hard enough worked, and the reform could not be brought about without a con siderable increase to the staff. Besides, though the general public could not do so, business men could reduce the cost of telegraphing very much by sending messages in cypher. The hon. member who moved the motion would do well to let the matter rest a few months. ^Mr. CARR thought in speaking on this question Mr. Barrow should have remembered that the inhabitants of the colony were all taxed for the payment of the interest on the loan for the con struction of the Overland Telegraph. He did not advocate raising the charges for the other colonies, because he thought that would be unwise, and might bring about competition such as on the Queensland line. If the present charges on European telegrams were also maintained they would be in a better position to settle the matter with the Companies. ^Mr. WARD considered as 12s. was charged for a telegram to Queensland of a certain number of words it was not too much to charge 14s. for a similar message to Port Darwin. But he would remind Mr. Barrow that a person at Mount Gambier sending telegrams to Adelaide and Mel bourne could get the Adelaide message sent for one shilling, while he would have to pay two for one to Melbourne. It was right that the rates in the province should be smaller than those outside it. Telegrams going to greater distances should have more importance attached to them than those within the colony. But the telegrams inside the colony should be reduced to a considerable extent and then would be made to pay. As to the Port Darwin Telegraph, it should not be confined to a certain amount of work because the staff was too small. The staff should be increased as the busi ness increased. The cheaper telegraphic com munication was needed because we had very indifferent means of communication otherwise. ^ Mr. TOWNSEND said that if we subsidized steamers to other places he did not see why we should not subsidize a line to the Northern Terri tory. It was all very well to talk of cypher messages, but they were charged for double the ordinary rate, and then with some the question was how to de-cypher them. (A laugh.) Messages would be sent to Europe, he had no doubt by cypher by the Companies now formed to send them at as low as one-third the ordinary cost. What was wanted was that within the colony, and Port Darwin was within it, there should be a uniform rate of charge. He was in favour of relays of operators. He would withdraw his motion, as he did not like to embarrass the Government; but hoped that they would enquire into the matter. On a future day he should give notice of a motion for a report on the subject from Mr. Todd. ^Motion withdrawn. > ROAD BETWEEN ADELAIDE AND MANNUM. u Mr. ROGERS moved— ''lhat there be laid on the table of this House a return of all moneys expended in corV.ruction and maintenance of the road between-ridelaitfe ani Mannum.' ^ There had Hen a large sum of money spent upon this road in special grants to secure the Murray trade. As a movement was on foot out of doors to ask for a much larger amount for a similar pur pose, he and other hon. members wished to have some information. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) said there was no objection to grant the return on the part of the Govern ment Air. WARD wished the hon. member to accept an amendment to include the Adelaide to Milang road. It would be found that that road had cost nearly as much as the other. The Hon. T. REYNOLDS would support a special motion of the hon. member for a return in refe rence to the Adelaide and Milang road The people of Milang had not asked that a railway should be made. Mr. ROGERS— There was a large amount of traffic on the Milang-road. Carried. THE 'HANSARD' CONTRACT. Mr. WAKDmoved 'That a copy of the contract with the propriecora of the Register newspaper for printing and publishing 'Hansard' be laid upon tbe table of this House.' In moving this motion he said that he found that the contractors used their reports for a very unfair and unjustifiable purpose. They were in the habit in these reports of deliberately mis representing the tenor of the proceedings of the House to suit their own prejudices. If any news paper tbat would do this happened not to be sub sidized by the House it would be a very different thing; but a newspaper subsidized by the House that would go so fat out of its way to gratify its own prejudices ought not to be allowed to con tinue in that position. He was not particularly acquainted with tbe conditions of the contract for the publication of 'Hansard;' but one of them was, he thought that the reports should be pub ashed in the Register and Observer newspapers, and if that were so it would make the matter all the worse. It was all very well to say that hon. members had the right of correcting the reports. Here he had a bundle ot them sent to him to correct; but he had tired of it and had not opened them. He did not, in fact, see what was the use of them. Thousands of people read the Regittcr, while only a few read ' Hansard,' and therefore these misreports got a circulation over the country, whereas the correc tion of them was never seen. As far as he wa3 concerned he knew that the reporters were con stantly in the habit of misrepresenting him. He spoke of his own speeches, but as he did not of course read all through the reports he did not know how far other hon. members had to com plain. For instance, on the debate the other day in reference to Mr. Commissioner Downer the hon. and learned member for West Torrens (Mr. Boucaut) had made a very long speech, involving a very large numl-er of insinuations against the Commissioner of Insolvency. He (Mr. Ward), it would be remembered, was the first to rise after Mr. Boucaut, and he made a speech which was exceedingly well received, and he was repeatedly cheered; in fact, at almoBt every sentence be uttered. Now, how did this thing appear in the Register next day? It appeared first in quite a misrepresented form, not in the same manner in wbich he put it him self, and the fact that the House notoriously had cheered his remarks was left out aHo'ather, The, reporters all knew that in reporting if they put in any interpolations it was just as necessary to record them as to record all that wan said. He thought it was during last session the Register, in the report of one of his speeches, had recorded that he was hissed by the House. Now, hon. members well knew that no one was guiltv of the hud taste oi nissing anymemoer in tne House. When he pointed it out the ''Hansard' contractors had made a profession of their great desire to be im partial, and they had done so on many other occa Bions when he had been under the necessity of pointing out to them their misrepresentations in reports of bis speeches and iu other matters. But all these professions were constantly negatived by the practice to which they resorted, and when he was told so frequently that, haviug had some experience of the Press, he should know that reporters had no con nection with the editorial Btuff, and yet saw the practice still going on, he thought it was only right that he should openly bring the matter forward. The Register had all along shown the extreme of partiality against him in the House and in favour Jof Mr. Boucaut, and their feeling was well exemplified in their report of the proceedings the other day. He was not certain as to the conditions of the conttact, but he wished to know if the reports appeared in the Register and Observer in pursuance of the contract If so, he considered that he had sufficient reason for moving that the contract be rescinded. He considered that they would have the wdrk done far more fairly if they appointed a staff of independent shorthand writers, as was the case in Melliourne. If that were done they would have a much more satisfactory ' Hansard,' and one that would not cost very much more. As it was, there was no member of the House who would allow himself to be bound by the reports in the 'Hansard.' If anything werequoted from the 'Hansard' it was simply of no use, but if it were an official production it would then be binding. In Melbourne the members of the' Legislature had come to the conclusion some time ago to appoint three independent shorthand writers to report for 'Hansard,' and it was getting on very well and satisfactorily. Another reason he had for moving was that the public read with considerable interest the reports of debates which took place in the House, and so long as one paper was known to have the contract for the 'Hansard.' its reports were looked to as being to a certain ex tent official; and the paper publishing them thereby gained an advantage over others. The Advertiser gave the reports, not at such great length, but he considered much more fairly. Any person could get a much fairer idea of what took p'ace in the House from its reports -(an hon. member— 'Question') — at any rate in the particular case to which he had referred it was so, and he had Been it generally so. The large majority of people in this colony who attached a great deal of importance to the reports of the official subsidized paper were led to form a very inaccurate opinion of what took place in the House on that and other occasions. As he had said, be had not had any chance of reading the conditions of the contract, and tbat being so he did not know precisely what action to take; but if he found it was in the contract that the reports should appear in the Register and Observer there would be grounds for its being rescinded, and he would take further action in the matter. Mr. CAUK would not oppose the motion, as be never, he thought, opposed motions merely requiring information, but he con sidered that the hon. mi-mber for Gume racha had been somewhat misled by his own feelings and views. He had read 'Hansard' as much as any member he supposed, and had been unfortunate enough to differ greatly from the Register on many subjects; yet he inuBt confess tbat as far as he could judge the reports had been fair and impartial, as far as reporting of speeches rapidly spoken could be fair and impartial. The hon. member for Gumeracha spoke rapidly, and it was difficult to follow him in all he said. He spoke of the great difference in the reporting of tbe speeches made by the hon. member for West Torrens and himself. (Hear, hear.) Perhaps the hon. member for West Torrens speaks on an important matter gave his notes to the P porters, and of course he would secure a more perfect re port. There was one suegestion he would make to the reporters for ' Hansard,' and that was that he thought it would be better to follow the English practice where notes were furnished of reporting speeches in the first person. They at once saw then tbat it was the member's own production, ana he was bound by it Such speeches were m*tarely considered, and expressed the confirmed and de liberate opinion of the speaker. « »«ch speeches were given in the first person and others in the third it would enable people to at once audei^uad the difference, and they would often see the reason for their being a long report of one man s speech and a 8h7rt one of another's, although ^each occunied the same time in delivery. As far as he c^uTimdersUnd aud judge in UiU i matter the debates were impartially reported-not only the speechej of tbe lion, member, but those of other metnhers of the IlOUSe. 