PROTESTANT CATECHISM: with the VROOFH theheof out of the scrittures, in words at lenc4th. Wf. recommend our readers to keep and put together this series for use in their f.amilies. The Cituiicir. Q. what IS the most strict meamng of the word church ! A. The church invisible — elect. All true believers of what nation soever, from the begin ning to the end of the world, making Init one body, whereof Jesus Christ is the head, -a, chosen in Christ before the foundation of the' wnvlfl A a Ephes. 1.22. Arid hath put all things under his (Christ's) feet, and g.avc him to be the head oyer all things in the clui.rch, v. 23. Which is his body, the fulness of him that illleth'all in aii; . Ephes. 5. 2.3. For the husband is the he.ad of the wife, even .as Christ is the head of the Church ; and he is the s.lviour of the body. V 24. Therefore, as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in everything. Ephes. 5. 25. Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the chmch, and gave himself for itj v 2(5. That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word ; v 27. That he might present it to him self a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing ; but that it should be holy, and without blemish. Ephes. 5. 29. For no man ever yet hated his own flesh j but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the church ; v. 30. For we arc members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones. - i , Col. 1. 18. And he is the head of the body, the Church. ' 6 Ephes. 1. 4. According as ho hath chosen us in nim before the foundation of the world. ; Q. Why do you call the Church invisible ? . A. Because it cannot be seen by man, .'is it consists of all believers, those that are dead and living, as well .as those who are yet unborn. (J. Who is the head of the church ? A. Christ." ' He is the head of the body the church.' Col. 1. 18. Q. Has the word church iiny other 'mean- ,8' A. It signifies (1) the jjvofessors of Christi anity, "ivhether true Christians or not, in any country or locality, as the church of Galatia, the church of England, the church of Scotlaiul.a (2) It signifies the professors who assemble together for worship, in any city, as in the church in Smyrma, as in the High church, the Tron church, and the like./; (3) It signifies the professors of Clu-istianity, even in a private house.c All these compose what is termed the visible church. ' a 1 Cor. 10. 1. How concerning the collection for the saints, as 1 have given order to the churches of Galatia, even so do ye. " 2 Thessal. 1. 1. Paul, and Silvauus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians in God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ : ' b Acts 8. 1. And at th.at time there was a great' persecution against the church which was at Jerusalem : .and they wore .all scattered abroad. Rev. 2. 1. Unto the angel of the church bf Ejihesus ivrite : Rev. 2. 8. And unto the Angel of the church ig Smyrna write : c Pnilemon 2. And to our beloved Apphia, and Archippns our fellow-soldier, and to the church in thy house : 1 Cor. l(i. 19. Aquila and Priseilla s.alute you much in the Lord, with the church that is in their house. Q. Why niiiy not the passage in Ephesians 5. 2fli he .applied strictly to the visible church ? A. gscause no visible cluirch is "without jilpmish fd without spot." Q. Did .tlii<f term church always apply to fivorshippers of te tjaie God '! A. Hp. The prigia nicaning of the word ijij fn asspmblage ,pr .cppgrpgatjon, .and thus we find it applied to the riotous assembly of idolaters at Ephcsus. Acts 19. 32. Some therefore cried one thing, and some .another : for the assembly (Ecclesia, Church) was confused. Q. Has Christ delegated his powers, as head of the church, to any man or set of men ? A. Ho. Q. Where in Scripture is the word ' c.atholic' applied to the church '! A. Hou'here. In after ages it was used to denote the whole visible church, but not in Scripture. Q. What is tlie meaning of the word catholic ? A. It is a Gi'cek woi'd mc.aning "the whole." The entu'c body of Glu'isti.ans. Q. Do you object to the expression 'the church' being applied to the whole body of Christians? A. Ho ; but distinctly understanding, at the same time, that it is a lium.aii designation of a fallible body, composed of the "tares and wheat." Q. C.an any paitieular body of Christians exclusively cl.aim the word 'catholic' ? A. Ho ; for at no time has any church ever been more than a part of the professed Christian church. Q. Is there any other sense, besides the numerical, in which the term c.atholic is used ? A. As I have before said, the avord is without authority in Scripture. But, in addition to the numerical idea, early writers use it to denote orthodoxy or soundness of doctrine ; mc.aning thereby that a doctrine is that held by the whole church, not merely by a sect. Q. Is the word applicable to Komo in this sense ? A. Ho. She has introduced unsound doctrines, and is therefore uncatholic, and heterodox. Q. Can the term catholic be applied to Pro testants? " A. Yes ; but not exclusively to' any denomi nation. Protc.stauts, holding the doctrines which were licld by the primitive churches, .are c.atholic. ' ' ' . If the church of Rome were a true church, the term catholic might bo applied to her in common with other bodies, but she is apostate, and therefore has no cl.aim to the word at .all. The Patau SurREJi.vci-. Q. "Uliat do Romanists s.aj' to the Pa2>.al sujiremaey? A. They teach, (see Pius IV. creed, Ho. 10,) th.at Peter was Prince of the Aijostles, that the church was founded on Petei-, — th.at Peter w.-is Bishop of Roine— that the Pope is the successor of Petei', and '\icar of Jesus Christ ; and they refer to M.att. 16. 13-19 ; and .John 21. 15-17. Q. Ayiiat is the meaning of tho text, in Matthew? _ Matt. 16. 13. " WHien .Jesus came into the coasts of Cesai-ea Philipjii, he asked his discijrles, s.aying. Whom do men say th.at I, tho Sou of Man, am? V 14. And they said. Some say thou .ar't John the Baptist; some, Elias ; .'ind others, Jeremias, or one of tho proijhets. V 15. He .saith rmto them, Biit avhom say ye that I am? V 16. And Simon Peter answered and s.aid. Thou .art the Christ, the son of the living (?od. y 17. And Jesus answoi-ed and s.aid unto him Blessed art thou, Simon B.arjona ? for flesh and blood h.ath not revealed it unto thee, but my fiither which is in heaven. V 18. Audi say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and ujjon this rock I will build my church ; and tho gates of hell shall not jirevail ag.ainst it." A. Giirist had asked his discifles, saying — ' Whom do ye say that I, the sou of man am ? Peter said — 'Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God' ; and Jesus, having declared him blessed, as every believer is, said — 'Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my chimch, and the gates of hell shall not prev.ail against it.' Peter confessed Christ, and Christ then declared ' upon this rock (Christ) i will build my church.' Christ is the rock, or foundatiou upon which the church is built. i Cor. iii. 11 — 'For other foundations can no mail lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.' Q. But as the church is said to "build on the foundation of the apostles and ijrophets, Jesus Christ being the chief corner stone," might we not safely build oil Peter as a' rock, himself being built on Christ ? : A. Certainly, and it is likely Petros — a stone — Wiis given as a surname to Simon to indicate this, and a play made on, the words— Thou art Petros — a stone, and on this potra— a rock — I will build my church." To build thus on Peter and tho, othei'. apostles is to build on what he and they taught — which is indeed to build on Christ — biit this is very difierent from building on the Pope who has no connexion ivith Peter. Q. "What do you say .as to the text in John— the threefold address of Christ to Peter ? John 21. 15. So, when they had dined, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, .Simon, son of : Jon.as, lovest thou mc more than these? Ye.a, Lord ; thou , knowest that I love thee. He saith unto .him. Feed my lambs. V 16. He, saith unto him again a second timo, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou mo ? He s.aith unto him, Y'ea, "Lord ; thou . knowest that I love thee. Be saith unto him, \T 17 tt/a cin-j-l:!! the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?'Peter was gi'ieved bec.aiise he said unto him the third time, .Lovest thou me?. And he said unto him. Lord, thou knowest .all things ; thou knowest that 1 love thee. .Tesiis s.aith unto him. Feed iny sheep. A. It reminds Peter of his fall, notwith standing his vehement statements th.at though all should deny Jesus yet he would not.a Jesus therefore asked Peter 'lovest thou me more than these.' Peter fell three times. J esus restores him by a threefold address. It is the iiriviloge of .all pastors to feed the flock.5 If .Tesus, by this threefold address, conferred on Peter the supremacy, the high " honour, and mighty power and authority claimed the Popes, how is it that "Peter was gi'ieved?" a Matt. 26. 33. Peter answered .and said unto him. Though all men shall be offended because of thee, yet will I never bo oftended. V 34. Jesus said iinto him, Verily - 1 s.ay unto thee. That this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. V 35. Peter said unto him. Though 1 should die with thee, yet "will I not deny thee. Likewise also said aU the dis- cixdes. b Acts 20. 28. Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath nH'chased with his own blood. ( To he continued.) 