ANOTHER WORD FOR THE MINISTRY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. SIR-I was very glad to see in the Courier this morning the letter signed "A Brisbane Elector I am another Brisbane Elector, and beg to be allowed to follow on the same side Permit me to reiterate the protest against " demagogical agitation at the present time " What is to become of us, if wild and inexperienced youths like Macalister, Lilley, He phone, M'Dovitt, King, and Griffith are allowed to snatch the rooms of Government? It ought to have been quite sufficiently demonstrated by this time that the only use that can be trade of the public lands of this colony is to employ them for pasturage It can scarcely be denied that the members of the leading industrial interest of the colony, the patents, are more entitled than any other class to exert a Supreme influ once over the legislation and administration of the public affairs of Queensland. For this reason I cannot see what possible object there can be in seeking to get rid of the present Ministry We shall never be safe if the Liberals got into power. Who is to know what incendiary designs they entertain with regard to the Brisbane River and if Macalister takes office, it is a dead certainty that butchers' meat and the two pound loaf will immediately riBC. If there is anything I detest more than anything else, it is to hear unkind and uncharitable remarks made of my friends I have been cut to the heart during the last two days, whilst listening to the scandalous observations made with regard to Mr. John Killeen Handy. He was returned for Brisbane upon the understanding and distinct pledge that he would support the Liberal party but what of that He has not opposed the Liberal party All that can be said against him is that he is of a retiring disposition, and does not care to take his seat in the Legislative Assembly until he knows whether the Ministry will be successful or not in their endeavors to prevent a quorum from being formed And I will go farther and say that even if Mr. Hardy's native modesty had not stood in his way, he would have been quite justified in playing into the hands of the Government. Of course be is as well aware as we all are that he has not the ghost of a chance of taking a seat in Parliament after the close of the present session. There is a very sensible old English proverb that speaks of the expediency of making hay while the sun shines, and in no profane spirit do I quote the words of the Jewish lawgiver-" Thou shalt not muzzle the ox when he treadeth out the corn." Why should Six, Handy fly in the face of those who are anxious to promote his interests ? Would be not be an unnatural monster if he stood in the way of the welfare of his own flesh and blood ? I pause for a reply There is another honorable member of the Legislative Assembly who has been much vile fied I refer to Mr John Scott, the Chairman of Committees and I was considerably grieved at the allusion you made to him in your leading article of this morning. It is all very well to say that he is a paid servant of the House, and is bound in honor to assist in forming a quorum, and thus expediting the public business, instead of standing without the bar and grinning at the discomfiture of the mover of the want of can fidence But you should remember that the Chairman of Committees was put into his present position by Mr Palmer, and not by the pestilent Opposition If a man will not serve the interests of his maker, what can you expect from him Do you mean to tell us that gratitude is not a virtue that should be respected and admired? I feel at a loss to describe with sufficient explicit the high estimation I entertain for Mr Scott on account of his conduct on this occasion It is to be regretted that Mr Forbes did not follow the same bright example The Speaker is as much a servant of the House as the Chairman of Committees, and the present one was appointed by the Ministry now in office Let us hope that the grateful and graceful course taken by Mr Scott will be imitated by Mr Forbes This morning he declared the Assembly to Do adjourned until 10 o'clock on Monday and afterwards put off the period until 3 on Tuesday Whatever the time may be, the Government have quite as much right to expect from Mr Forbes as from Mr Scott, that he will do his best to prevent a House being formed, unless they have a majority at their backs. Yours, etc. May 30. 