'HYMNS ANCIENT AND MODERN.' ? To the Editor of the Church of Enaland Messmaer. SlK — I cannot help thinking that Hymns Ancient and Modern Was not quite fairly dealt with in your last issue. In your English, news you mention a discussion which took place at Plumstead, on the question whether or not errors of the Church of Rome are contained in this volume, and you publish a resume of a speech in which one of the disputants, a Mr. Ormiston, tried to make out that it contains certain deadly errors which he enumerates ; . but you suppose all that was said on the opposite side, and leave your readers to conclude that Mr. Ormiston proved his case and left his antagonist nowhere, and that Ilyvms Ancient and Modern ought henceforth to bear the label 2)oisoti. If Hymns, Ancient and Modern contains so many deadly errors, what a. grave mistake our own Bishop made when he sanctioned its use in this diocese ; and what a strange lack of discernment those evangelical clergymen displayed, who introduced into their churches a book whose teaching is in so many important particulars directly, contrary to . their own* The: fact. is, the doctrines in Mr. .Onniston's lijj't, whicfc our church has discarded, and which Home retains, arc only to be extracted from this hymn-book by subjecting it to severe torture, and in this way even Holy Scripture itself may be made to say almost anything. Mr. Ormiston laments that a million and a half copies of the volume are in circulation. To multitudes of good churchmen this will rather seem a reason for thankfulness, for every part of the book is full of beauty and refinement, and the spirit which pervades it throughout is that of the most exalted piety. There is a decided church tone about it, and it may be made a mighty power for imbuing people's minds with genuine church feeling. Not the least of its merits is that it gives great prominence to the doctrine of the godhead of Christ. Besides numerous strong and plain assertions of this great and fundamental truth so fiercely assailed in these days, doxologies abound in which the Lord is joined with the Father, and the Holy Ghost as an equal object of worship. Mr. Ormiston thinks that the tendency of the book must be in the Eomish direction, because it contains 118 hymns taken from Roman Catholic sources. The Book of Common Prayer contains probably as large a proportion of collects, &c.; , gathered from Eoman Catholic sources. Is, therefore, the tendency of the Prayer-book in the Romish direction ? But, surely we may believe what Rome believes, when her belief is in accordance with truth. She has not utterly abandoned the true faith of the gospel ; and among her hymns and prayers it is surely possible to find many untainted by her errors, which the most pronounced Protestant might use with pleasure and advantage. Mr. Ormiston's remarks about the use made of the Virgin's name in this hymnal are very painful to think about. It is quite untrue to assert that the (undoubtedly novel, and therefore erroneous) doctrine of the Immaculate Conception was promulgated, and that the Virgin ' ? was thus removed out of the category of poor sinners, that she might afterwards be the object of supreme ovoi'sMp' Surely the cause of God and of truth can in no wise be served by statements such as this. Again, I am quite sure that the compilers of Hymns Ancient and Modern would indignantly repel as slanders the state ment that they introduced the Virgin's name ' with the evident object of familiarising the minds of people with.Mariolatry.' Further, does this gentleman know, or does he forget, when he asserts that. 'in putting the Virgin Mary forward as the Mother of God, it (i.e., Hymns Ancient and Modern) exalted her and placed God at her feet,' that the General Council of Bphesus decided that the Virgin was Tfieotokns, that is to say, bearer or mother of God, and that the Church of England has received the doctrines defined by this Council as part of the Catholic faith ? I am amazed at finding a statement quoted by you as if you approved it, to the effect, that the tendency of one of the doctrines of your own church is to degrade the Creator, and place him upon a lower level than one of His own creatures. Lastly, there seems an obvious propriety in introducing the Virgin's name in the particular places referred to ; for example, hymn 45 is a Christmas hymn. The fact that 'the word was made flesh' that Christ was 'Virgin born,' is one which comes before us with, almost greater prominence than any other on Christmas Day, and we there fore expect to find it embodied in Christmas hymns. Will you permit me to add one word more. I read your paper with pleasure, because it is ably conducted, and the contributors to its columns are evidently earnest men ; but I should read it with more pleasure if it represented the views of the Church of England, instead of the views of a party. I think it is greatly to be regretted that the official organ of the diocese should be conducted on a narrower basis than that on which the church itself rests. — I am, &c.; , ? - ? A Country Clergyman. 