A GHOST STORY. Lord Brougham tells the following ghost story of his father's:- S"On all subjects my father was very sceptical. He was fond of telling a story in which he had been an actor, and, as he used to say, in which his unbelieving obstinacy had been the means of demolish ing what would have made a very pretty ghost story. He had beenliving in Dean's Yard, Westminister, with a party of young men, one of whom was his intimate friend, Mr. Calmel. There we some talk about the death of a Mrs. Ni atingale, who had recently died under some melancholy cir' cumstances, and had been buried in the Abbey. Some one offered to bet that na one of those present would go down into t:e grave, and drive anailintotheoff?n. Calmel accepted the wager, only stipulating that he might have alantern.. He was accord ingly let into the cathedral by a door out of the cloisters, and there left to himself. The party after waiting an hour or more for Calmel, began to think something hathap pened to him, and that he ought to be looked after; so my father and two or three more got a light, and went to the grave, at the bottom of which laythe apparently dead, body of Mr,0 almel. He was quickly trans ported to the prebend's dining room, and recovered out of hie fainting fit. As soon as he could find his tongue, he said: ' "Well, I have won my wager, and you'll find the nail in the coffin; but, by Jove! the lady rose up, laid hold of me, and pulled me down before I could scramble out of the grave. "Oalmel stuck to his story in spite of all the scoffing of his friends; and the ghost of Mrs. Nightingale would have been all over town but for my father's. obstinate in credulity. Nothing would satisfy him but an ocular inspection of the grave and coffin; and so, getting a light, he and some of the party returned to the grave. There, sure. enough, was the nail, well driven into the cobffin; but hard fixed by it was a bit of Mr. Calmel's coat-tail! So there was an end of Mrs. Nightingale's ghost. This grave afterwards became remarkable for a very beautifil piece of sculpture, by some celebrated 'artist, representing Mr, Night ingale vainly attempting to wart] f o his dyhi wife the. d4rtief edath,,' 