HOMANOE AND HEALiTY. From the Neto York Times. - , . " Tho .whirligig of .time brings about its re- vengos," not, in a country like this thorovengo sometimes comes very swiftly. Something hap pened the other day in n great Atlantic city, which, omitting placo and names; as tho denomnont of a romantic drama in real lifo, ia worth "tolling, both Tor its interest and its moral. Fiction, in tho form or novel or play, often copies truth, but in this enso trutli has followed fiction. In other words, what I108.occurred.i3 tho exact reproduction of a drama which, for vigour, beauty of diction, and jiathotio interest, deserves to bo hotter known thnn It is. Wo refer to . tho ' Patrician's Daughter," written, wo boliovo, hy Wcstland Mnrston. Tho powerful lesson onforced hy tho play has now found its. literal prototype in reality.. Some six or sovon years ago, by one of tho current accidents of social intercourse, there camo together, and got interested in each other, in tho city wo speak of, a young man and a young woman. Tho man was educated. In professional lifo, of good social rank,, and goncrally estcomcd of morci than avorago ability. Those who thought best of him behoved he was sore, sootier, or later, to do groat things. In tho meantime, ho had tho misfortune to bo poor. , The young woman was tho daughter of a rich manufacturer. (She had been, brought up to attnch at least, its proper valuorio money, and, in fact,' to attach too much credit to its possession. ..She had too much innate refine ment to ho purso-proud ; hut living always with those who, possibly. for lack of any tiling better, pinue themselves on their possessions, is not likely to havo a wholesomeeOectonimprcssionabloyouth. Bo this as it may, an affection sprang iip hctweon those two people, avowed in time on both sides, cemented by'ovory reciprocal pledgo of fidelity. " ho matter bccamo known, .after a space, to tho lady's family, and thcu began iho peculiar phas6 'of the story that has now reached its climax. An explanation having become oriccssarv, the lover waft confronted with tho Statement from his per fidious adored 0110 that ho had totally misconceived her feolinpsand intentions. Tliero was much talk, hut. this was the gist and end of it. The invention was as palpable as its purpose. Astonished as was poor fellow, he was equally helpless. Either the girl's o.wp pride, or the stress of family ; influence, had led her to adopt a coureo which, however painful or however wicked, prcsonted the advantage of admitting absolutely of no appeal. Bewildered, humiliated, and stricken to the heart, tho suitor accepted the.situation like a brave, if . also liko 0 sensitive man.. Adioux wore exchanged jjn the guise of friondliness, but when tho discarded jbdmircr wont away he made up his mkol that ho j hod gbuo away for ever.. The play and tho reality tare in preciBO , accord . bore, and .they continuo wondorfully'so. to the end. ; , . - » ; Years rotted on, and the affluent manufacturer, who had thought himself far and away beyond tho caprico of fortune, by d.scrios of unlucky chances -bccamo. slightly -embarrassed, ; Tight money -markets, the failure of correspondents, tliconcroachr jmeots of competitors, a reduced .demand in his. (special (rude, oach or all, increased this embarrns-- .merit, until at last, 10 advnncod age, and living in > most expensive manner, ho fonnd lrimsplfon the briok 'of failure and. ruin., /Pending this, tlio ' whirligig of.timo " had -beeriat work. -.in, good jearncsi. Tho man who had; bceu 'sb ..dexterously, c-or abaraclcss/y— crizenod out of his brido, partly. nattiral . genius, partly -by good fortune, uad risoi) Jo wealth . and power. . By one P» chances which it. is tho fashibb. to say bsp|>en only on tho . stage/or In sensational, romance, but which 'do in sootn often come to pass ' in rcaTlife; tho key, so to speak, to tho mnnufac- furor a position foil into this gentleman's' hands'. ?JOt?s to. a largo , apionnt made by . tho former prtcsus potential influence wHti. tho corporations and individuals with whom his affairs wore most pieoded, Woro at tho control, of thot lover of - five years ago. By a natural process again, It fell out that tbo old position. was- resnmod, but this time finder happier auspice. It-was natural that the hld_nontleman should he willing to pspy. niujLnsitA- cntnothdd iir. csle /rom;' his , d (faculties. It'wns nattirjil thnt.thoVyonnger man should hail, wilh joy.thoctmncc' to recover -his. lost lovo.' An . engagement was snbn.'iriado,'. then,- "on terms easy, to ihiagitipi'khd this ifmo without any . lying or equivocation; . The relative situations had changed, arid there was room both .for a 'happy revival of .the past and politic silencoconccroirig it. 'In this, tooj the lover' presented himself, and then, in the presence of thn. bride's family and friends, 'came the climax. Tt Is riot to be justified,' and yet none cap shy; it \vhs not righteous retribution,. To bo brief, thb bridcgroom, in tho drama and tho reality, arc in tho samo exact accord as up to tbo catas trophe. t. On the inoruing of tile d ay fixed for tlio woddtng, and at an hour fixed for signing' necessary papers, the bridegroom 111 Iho oxpectnbt assemblage of tho persons named, proceeded calmly to tell the whole story'of his relations with the young lady and het family. Having recited tho naturo of his provoca-' tion, he wouhd up by announcing that- of his re venge; This consisted in his utter rofnsal ever to wed thovnman ho once h'nd loved, and .to whom he had t hus been for a second time affianced/ Tho indignation and oxcitemcnt that followed need not bo described. Tho act/ was cruel,' perhaps un manly; but slirbly it was hilt ' entirely without, palliation, and it must bo remembered that for years the iron had been cutting into tho perpe trator's Ronl. ; In the play, the girl, who through out ovcrything.'tcndorly loves the man whom 'she' onco betrayed,' nnd so taught to betray herself, marries himj aftcr all, when'sho is just dying of & broken heart. In tho rirama'of foal life, the action has proceeded only so far aa we have reiatod it. »-' Somo young scoundrel, on Thursday night last, about 9 o'clock, sayp the Wagga Wagya Express,- attomp'cd a shameful ; trick with tho view of frightening timorous passers by. !Ho possessed bimsplf of a Blicet and a pair of stilts, add, arrayed- in tho former, bo waited kchind one of the tfee: enclosures between Br. Robinson's reaidenco and Iho piihlio school tho- approach of some one upon whom to practice tho cfTeots of his ghostly raiment.; Fortunately for. him these shortly appcnred'jn the persons of two young women. Upon his appear- anco oup screamed, but was sufficiently pokaossod to run.- Tbo other, howovcr, boldly stood her 'ground, and apostrophised the ghost with so .wolghty a stone ln her hand that he-cleaTlyiiroved- his fleshy origin by declining to pomo too" near, aa tho duuisel's system of "laying1.'" spirits was not to his taste. J Colubion a 8wordfisir.;— This morning wo wero invited to inspoct;in tho Mazngon Bock -the bottom of tlio Bavid Auchtersen. The ship -Kns been stripped of, her. metal Bheathlng. On the |I»ort side, right oh the, floor, iibont four streaks. from tho keel, and about 15 feat from, the forefoot,'. Is a holo raado by the Xtpbias-or awordflsh. .The, 'sword vyas broken of? and remained in the hole,; leaving four: inches projecting from tho bottom. All attempts, bo\vever,> to get it out-failed, and 'they had, finally, to eut> away tlio wood and so loosen it, and then they succeeded in breaking off a piece 'nine inches longl Tbe' point, which has 'pierced'right into tho timber, still remains im- itedded, and judging by thio dimensions of tho apiece extracted, it is twelvo inches long. When it Occurred no one on board can .tell, but from tbe nppcarance of the broken sword it must have been doDe some considerable time. Tbe aroaxing force of the shock may be imagined when it is sufficient -to pierce through tho conper, and for 13 to 14 iochcs into the solid oak plnnks and- timber. From tho position of tho hole tho awordfish' must have risen up tight under the ship. It is well known that it is in tills way from beneath that tbo fish attacks the whale. The Xiphi&s; is of the mackerel family. Xo doubt this wos a case of premeditated collision, and it was not a caso of cither lights or look-out. It is well it struck on a timber. Had it cone thromrh a plank between timbers, the effect a to tho ship might havo been fatal. — Timtsof India I May 12. . Lion TAMtNO.— It in some time since the sight seeing public in Scotland have been favoured with the exhibition of a lion tamer, devoured hy tho boastsho bas tamed, but it-seonis probablo that wo shall not havo to wait long for a pleasing catastrophe of this nature, which, unless it occa- sionoiiy occurred, would, of course mako tho ex hibition even tamor; than the lions. . Tho Braoranr correspondent of the Dundee Advertiser mentions that a fow days ago a menagerie was exhibited at that place. " During tho last performance of the evening "Lnmhett, tho lion tamer," was in tbo cage with tho mnlo lion, putting tho animal through the usual exciting oxerciso, when ho slip ped on tho floor and foil just as "tho king of beasts" was bounding past him. Ho almost immediately regained his footing, and evidently, not n moment too soon, for tbo fierce brute gavo an enraged roar, ;and. seemed ready to spririg upon, him. By accidental contact with tbo lion's paw his trousers were torn, and his leg slightly scratched. His, coolness was remarkable. Motion ing to tho assistant, who rushed with a sliding partition to the cngo, to keep bnck, ho slowly moved to tho wicket, and beforo leaving thanked the audience for their' attendance. The affair, it- is stated, produced a painful sensation, which was not lessened by tho apparent rage of the lion, when ho saw that his, victim had escapod. In the fall the performer lost - a revolver with which he was armed, tho weapon being subsequently found among the straw, . Altogether there .must havo boon quite enough excitement to ronder the ex hibition well worthy tho- patronage of the inhabi tants of Braemnr, but M. Lambctti will, it is to be hoped, 60 arrange mnlters as not to ho devoured- in an obscure Scotch village when thonsnnds of educated persons in the " centres of civilisation will esteem it a privilogo to wituoss his consump tion by " the king of beasts." A Revolt in a Harem.— -Tho short sojourn of tho Shah of Persin in Moscow was marked by a striking chnuge . in - bis arrangements, . for his Majesty while in that city came to the determina tion to send. : back to Teheran tho tbo fonr or fivo 1 Persian ladies wbo had: travelled so far in his household.; It is stated that, during tbe journey' from Astrnchan to Moscow the Shah was much occupied with tho qucstion of tho proper accom— modution of these ladles, who travelled: under tho title of. servants. - His Majesty telegraphed, to Moscow more . than onco upou tho subject; and. on learning that apartments in the.palaco had been prepared. for them, tho -Shall suddenly decided on their bolng placed in a country houso near MoscowJ : Tho ladies bot relishing this isolation, sent a mes senger to -tho : Shah cbmplaining that they 'wero not suitably lodged. ;HisMnjcsty was displeased with his: Ministers, and directed;; that- the' ladies should camo to tho , palace, where 'ho watted till: after . their arrival. .bofore he .proceeded to . the' theatre.: It appears that his favourite wifo wished to. go also to the theatre, but. the Shah would not< permit it. On tho next evening, aftorfhis Majesty's second visit to .tho bnllet' and to the ball -at tho ? hotel of - Prince Bolgbronkof, it is said that the- ladies were loud in iheir complaints; probablyibe- ' cause botng in Euro|>a, thoy expected; to bo'allowed ' in somo sort to;follow.'European-fashidnfl.- 1 How- ever tho-Shnh-dctermined>.to send: them back, and despite .their tears j and protestations, he adhered to his dotcrmination, so. that -a few hours before his Majesty, left Moscow, /Iho ladies- started by railway forRiszau, en roule for Persia - : J-. : -Tub "Old BatiiouOs'of gbrma»y.>--Tiio: "old Catholics'" have now 'cbnstUntbd-thcmselves into a regular Ghnrchj-having a bishop at its- head,' and a council of mnnagomont' 'composed bf;sqmo of tho most -distinguishCd uBmcs linkcd with tlia movcment--Michclls/Friedricb, CpfneIias,;Wihd-' schied, (extraordinary members) liouscb, Kuoodt, Schenlle, : Rottels, and Hnzenoleverj'- (briliuhiy ' members.) ':Tho new bishop; Dr. Re1ilkcDS,'vrhb formerly ranked as one of the- brightest brnnmehts of tho Roman CatholioCburch 'in -Qfermany— althbiighV'of coarse, bow no' epithet is;too' bnd for him— -isn man io 'tbe full vigour of life; remark able for the depth of Ids theologio lore in n country ' whore theologians are- as plentiful as blacklriarries;, blessed -with "deep convictions and groat energy of chamcter,;> and is, - in 'short; iho' vcrymair,t)f all others best qualified to be at the head of a move-' . meat- now in its first most ariiao'us, but at(bbv same time, most attrnctivo pbaso of hqnest'bnthn- siasm and prosolyiising fervour". ; He is'Itnowtf in the literary world by »nis contributions td the his tory- of- the '-Church and' other1 men of raark at , various periods;' .»: i!1 . i- -c- - i ; -A -Duel detw.ebn iiadict/i— Two ladies in Mis sissippi, says a contemporary, have lately asserted : tholr rights ns"' women 'to settle their 'differences in a manly fashion with a gallantry that cannot fni! to win for thorn the ndmiration of their gentlo sisters who. are engaged in struggling for, the pri-. vileges which havo hitherto been monopolised by man. Ono of tho roost desperate encounters ever beard of between two women occurred recently,' .according to tho 'Vichtbttrg Ileratd. It' seems1 that two ladies' were engaged m conversation of nn amicablo nature, when'n orazy man,a character; in tho neighbourhood, passed by,, and one of . iho; ladies spoke to blmin qg'eering manner, " poking fun," as the other .dererilwd -if;- nftbe poor old man. - This led to avfew 'tart words passing be-' tween thc two/and it was folt tbat a.mdetih of a hostile nature \yos inevitable. Acqordingly, iho two ladies went', home for- a -fcW 'tnlnntcs/and when tHey emerged from their respective honscs each held ' in her hand- a Jargo butcher's knife; Thoy then walked towards tench, other, "meeting' about the centre of the street, and simultaneously brandishing-' the deadly weapons.- With' the1 utmost'cnolness. and 1 deliberation thoy approached each other, one of them opening the attnck 'by a severe stab on-the faco of the' other. -The blow was immediately. 'returned, and then followed d dospcrate hnnd-to hand fray- such as has been rarely equalled. Onc'of them had got:bor antago nist down, 'and was about to make the " last fatal plunge," when" tho bystanders 6eem .to hayti- thought ' tbo offair had been carried far onongb, and a coloured man seizing tbo uplifted blade averted .the blow. It, however;. appeared that, tbo, lady was' herself at that moment, owing: to tbo wounds she had rccaived, in tho, throes of death:; and though physicians were hastily summoned, in loss than nn bour her spirit had . passed away for ever. .Her.antagouist was. removed, to the county gaol, where sho rcceiyed every attention, but by the latost accounts her recovery,, is, extremely doubtful, ;Tho pAinfu). incident lias cast: qdito a gloom over socioty dn tbo -neighbourhood. ' Resuscitation- aptbu; Hanoino.-- A : very, ro- markahie'.ca&e; has jast boeo effected at the Ho. pita), of tho Val do Grace. A man .had hanged himeelf in a garretjn tho, Rue St.. Jacquek, and: having been cut dnwn and examined .by th? mq dical'mon, bo 'was4pronounccd, to be dead.. The ;clinicnl lecturer,- however, desired to try ono last cxporimont; ho opened : tiie chest and attempted artificial respiration, but . without .Jtnccossi ;He then applied tbo'poleVof an electrical battery' to, the pneumo-gastrio 'norvfes, and passed a strong' current at intervals of fonr seconds. Soon after some signs' of respiration appeared, . and in fivo i minutes the cardaic pulsation : wos perceptible; 'The epiglottis was tumefied, and tbe'toDgoe'had . to be drawn: out"with' pincers to-leavera passage for the air. A fow ounces 'of blood ivaB obtained Trora the toedio-cophalic voib; tho dilnted pupils "contracted, ihe signs of lifo became 'more'tnani--'; fest, a few drops' of alcohol were 'administered, - some slight .muscular contractions 'became visible' without tbe ald of electricity Wannth. returned to. the foctthe jralsation in| the 'carotid ; arteries re commenced, and the patient was saved.'/' -: - 1 A Kentucky editor recoived tlio followingiiote from .a subscriber asking that 'a falso notice of hit 'death'-'mijjht be' corrected " Sir i'notis a few .'errors in the obituary; of myself which appeared in' your paper of Wednesday, i was - born in greennp co., not caldwoll, and my retirement from bisnis in I860 was uot owiri to ill beltb; but tu a little trouble i had in connection with a horse, and the cause of my death wa9 not small-pox. please mako 'corrections for which I enclose 60 cents." - , The story goes that ono night lately Mr. Knatcb- . . bull Hugejsson1 and another ho'nburablo member - weroj'n conversation in tho lobby of the House of Commons wbert young 'Mr. Levy, 'tho mftnaging proprietor of tho Daily Telegraph, entered, rind nodded familiarly to tbo parliamentary digbitflrieB.' „ j '-'Anoxtrnordibary man :that,M .romarkod'' tbo . Colonial Secretary to his honourable friend, " havo. you heard that' bo Hits bought the'.' Tirnts i" " You do not. toll mc.-so?", wos tbo reply; "He must, liavo paid an onormous sum for iti'V" Ob, no," said the Secretary, " only threepence.' ' - 