THE WEEK'S NEWS. Gold Mining in the Northern Terri tory.—The Bill to provide lor gold mining in the Northern Territory has met with a very favourable reception in the Assembly. After a short debate its second reading has been agreed to, and the Government have received from all sides of the House promises of assistance in getting it passed into law without unnecessary delay. These promises, however, are rather to be regarded as proof of general conviction as to the necessity for legislation of some kind in the direction con- , templated than as evidence of a strong predi lection in favour of the Bill itself. Only three or four members joined in the discus sion that took place, and they admitted that they had not had time to examine critically the voluminous provisions of the measure. The motion for the second reading was introduced by the Attorney- General in a speech of marked ability. Without at all labouring the subject, he explained the circumstances which had rendered the inter ference of the Legislature necessary. He referred to the inextricable state of confu sion into which matters had been brought by the neglect of a previous Ministry to furnish the authorities at Port Darwin with timely information as to the passing of the Act of last session; by the promulgation of regulations not warranted by law; by the assumption by police-troopers of authority to issue leases ; and by general laxity of prac tice on the part of Government officials in the settlement. This done, he gave a concise and lucid exposition of the contents of the Bill, the leading features of which we have already described. He intimated that special pains had been taken to encourage leasing for gold-mining purposes—a fact which is apparent on the face of the measure. His reasons for adopting this course, so far as they apply to reefing or deep sinking, are unanswerable, but care will have to be taken not to place impediments in the way of the ordinary digger. So far no alluvial gold-field of any consequence has been discovered in the Territory, but that such fields exist is highly probable. The most ineffective part of the Attorney General's address was that in which he attempted to reply to objections urged against portions of the Bill by our corre spondents, "A Reefer" and "Lex." It is quite true, as be states, that the clause re quiring the leases tribunal to proceed accord ing to the real justice, good conscience, and merits of each case without regard to legal forms and solemnities only applies to the validation of past proceedings, but it is equally true that " Lex" never said anything to the contrary. His fear is that applicants for leases under the Act of 1S70-71 will be placed in a different position than they would have occupied had that measure remained unrepealed, and Mr. Mann failed in bis endeavour to show that that fear was groundless. No doubt clause 5 remits persons who made application for leases prior to the 29th of November, 1872, back to the position they occupied on that date; but it does more, for it expressly stipulates that their cases shall be dealt with as if the regulations had not affected to impose terms with respect to the employment of labour or the expenditure of capital upon the lands applied for. The same stipulation is con tained in clause 6, which is intended to meet the case of persons who have made applica tions for leases or claims since the 29th November. We shall not now enter into the question of the justice of introducing these limitations, but we feel bound to point out that it is to their existence in the Bill that our correspondents particularly object. Accident.—Our Port Elliot correspondent writes :—" On Wednesday, October 1, as Mr. B. F. Laurie, S.M., and Mrs. Laurie were starting from home with the intention of coming from Port Elliot, the mare he was driving took to kicking violently ; she sent her keels right over the splashboard, within a few inches of Mrs. Laurie's face, and then plunged over the terrace wall into the vineyard. Mrs. Laurie was thrown out and stunned, and for more than an hour remained uneonscious. Mr. Laurie was also stunned, but kept hold of the reins. Mr. Laurie escaped with a sprained ancle and some contusions; Mrs. Laurie is not seriously injured. The wonder is that they were net both of them killed, as the mare plunged about and kicked in the most vicious manner. The harness was broken to pieces, and the shafts and splash board of the vehicle were smashed, Unfortunately Mr. Laurie was very unwell at the time of the accident, and it is feared that he may not be able to get about for some time." Sudden Death at Maclarek Vale.—An in quest was held at the Devonshire Hotel on Thurs day, October 2, before Mr. R. G. Jay, J.P., on the body of Joshua Bertram, who died suddenly at 8 o'clock that morning. A Jury having been empannelled, with C. Lewsy as Foreman, Sarah Bertram, wife of deceased, stated that her husband came from his work on the previous evening in his usual health, took his supper, and retired to bed about S p.m. When she went to bed at 9 he was in a sound sleep. She was awakened at midnight by her husband getting out of bed. Putting his hand to the hack of his head he complained of having a dreadful pain there. He immediately fell on the floor, violently struggling. She got him on the bed as soon as possible, when he had another fit. Help was obtained, and at the earliest opportunity a doctor sent for. His wife and others did all that could be done, but the poor man never spoke again or returned to con sciousness, and died before the arrival of the doctor. Mrs. Colvin and Mrs. Prince gave similar evidence. After hearing the testimony of Dr. Tripe, of Aldinga, a verdict was returned of "Died from a fit of serous apoplexy." The deceased was 55 years of age a few days ago. Fatal Accident.—On September 27 the Watch reported:—" Information was conveyed to Mount Gambier yesterday afternoon that Mr. John Howe, mason, of this place, had been that morning found dead under his cart about seven miles beyond German Creek on the Drainage road. The rail of the cart was found lying across the man's neck, the vehicle having, it appeared, capsized over a stump. Deceased was employed in building a house at the Drainage Works for Mr. A. Smith, and left Mount Gambier on Thursday morning en, route to his work. The accident appears to have befallen him on the way. He leaves a widow and family."j The Late Mr. E. Solomon.—"We have to record the death of another of our very early colonists. Mr. E. Solomon expired on Friday, October 3, at his residence, Franklin-street west, at the advanced age of 73½ years. The event is more to be deplored than wondered at, the deceased having been for several months confined to his bed. Mr. Solomon was an Australian colonist of 57 years, and arrived in Adelaide from Sydney in 1837. He commenced business as a merchant and shipowner, and for many years entirely supported the trade between New South Wales and South Australia. During the panic that existed from 1840 to 1842 he was one of the few merchants who stood their ground in the colony, and passed safely through the crisis. In 1840 the Theatre which he had built in Gilles arcade was opened, and Mr. Solomon brought over a company from Sydney, under the management of Mr. Lazar, to perform there, and for many years expended large sums of money without any adequate return in the encouragement of the drama. He was one of the promoters of the Burra Mine, but sold out his interest in consequence of his objecting on principle to a paid servant of the Company being on the Directory. In 1847 his nephew, Mr. J. M. Solomon, joined him in business as auctioneers, and the firm was carried on with great prosperity up till 1854, when Mr. J. M. Solomon left for England. In 1857 their fortunes were again united in connection with others for several years, when Mr. Emanuel Solomon resumed the position of merchant, and continued till 1870, when he retired from business. In February, 1863, he was elected member for West Adelaide in conjunction with Mr. J. C. Verco, and served till the dissolution of the House at the close of 1864. In August, 1867, he was returned to the Legislative Council, but resigned his seat in September, 1871, in conse quence of continued bad health. Mr. Solomon met with a severe accident in 1866 through being knocked down by a vehicle, and never thoroughly recovered. At the commencement of 1870 he went with his family to Sydney, and he felt the benefit of his trip, but for several months he has been in a very weak condition, and a few weeks ago sustained a stroke of partial paralysis, since which time he has been gradually failing. Mr. Solomon had a great love for his adopted country, and displayed it in a very pleasing and truly liberal manner, by inviting in 1871, on the 35th anniversary of the foundation of the province, the pioneers of the colony to a grand banquet at the Town Hall—a reunion which was attended by several hundreds, and which we feel sure will long be remembered by those who were privileged to take part in it. Although Mr. Solomon as a politician was quite Conservative in his principles, he was by no means obstructive, but on many occasions advo cated important reforms, particularly in the interests of the working classes, with whom he was a decided favourite. He was benevolent without being ostentatious, and cosmopolitan without vacillating in his views as to questions of public policy or as affecting the best interests of the country. Mr. Solomon leaves a widow and seven children; those who are married are—Mr. Joseph Solomon, Mrs. S. I. Myers, of Sydney, Mrs. Joel Moss, and Mrs. V. V. Brown. There are a single daughter and two sons, the latter only being the result of his last marriage. Discovery of Coal.—We are happy to hear (says the Kapunda Herald) that a discovery of coal has been made on the Murray Flats, about 12 miles from Angaston, near Mr. Keynes's run. We understand that an application has been made from an Angaston resident to the Government for the block, which is at present Crown lands, and that the Surveyor-General has been up to examine and report on the find. The coal has been brought into Angaston and tested, and, though rather dull in colour, it was found to answer its purpose when tried in a smith's forge. Should this discovery prove to be of any extent, and as good as anticipated, it will be more beneficial to the colony than can at present be conceived, as it will develop so many other industries. As the Government have offered a reward of £5,000 for the discovery of a good coal-field, the finder is likely to make a good thing out of this. Kapunda Yam Creek Reefs Gold Mining Company.—The Directors of this Company have, we {Kapunda Herald) hear, received a very favourable telegram as to the width of their reef at depth; but for some reason or other the Directors have not considered it advisable to publish the telegram. The Thames Gold Prospecting Company.— On Friday, October 3, the first ordinary meeting of this Company was held at the offices of the Secretary, in Queen's-Chambers. There were 10 shareholders present. Mr. L. Scammell, who presided, said that the meeting was of a merely formal character, and was held in accordance with the Act. They had, however, a brief report and a balance- sheet. He might mention that as soon as the call of Is. 6d. per share, now due, was in there would be sufficient funds to carry on operations for some time. The Directors' report alluded favourably to the prospects of the Company, stating that the claims had been taken out on August 28. The following tele gram from the Captain was read:—" Have good hopes of the ground. Have commenced tun nelling. The dray is on its third trip. Sickness has retarded everything." The balance-sheet showed that the expenditure had been £2,302 6s. 9d., while the receipts amounted to £2,447 15s. 6d., leaving a credit balance of £144 8s. 9d. Reports and balance-sheet adopted. Some quartz specimens taken from the Company's claims in the Northern Territory were exhibited. They bore traces ©f gold in small quantities. Mr. Abbott, one of the Directors of the Com pany, who had lately visited the property, stated that there were several parallel leaders running through the claims, one of them apparently being a continuation of the Sandy Creek reef. The samples on view were taken at a depth of 7 or 8 feet, where the leader was 8 inches in thickness. About 5 lbs. of alluvial gold had been collected on the surface of the claims, and out of a tin dish of dirt he had washed an ounce of gold. Tlieie was also a considerable quantity of ironstone quartz in the neighbourhood of the claims. Aroona Copper Mining Company.—A meeting of shareholders in this Company was held at the Arbitration Hall, White's Rooms, on Friday, October 3, at 3 o'clock. There was a good atten dance. Mr. Frederick Wright presided. The solicitor of the Company (Mr. Cullen) read the memorandum and articles of association, which were passed. The Directors appointed were Messrs. F. Wright, W. Hamilton, H. Belling - ham, J. Moss, and J. F. Pascoe. Mitcham Soiree. — On Thursday evening, October 2, an entertainment, consisting of a lecture, which, it will be remembered, was given in Adelaide some time since by Mr. Chas. Todd, C.M.G., on " The Overland Telegraph," and a choice programme of vocal and instrumental music, contributed by lady and gentlemen amateurs, was given in the Mitcham In stitute in aid of the Sunday - School in connection with St. Michael's Church. There was a large and fashionable attendance, and the Rev. H. Read, M.A., incumbent of St. Michael's, presided. The lecture, which has already been fully noticed in our columns, was listened to with close attention, special interest being excited by the maps and diagrams by which it was illustrated, and the different specimens of telegraphic cable exhibited. The musical portion of the evening's amuse ment was of a very high class, and rendered in a manner worthy of the composers whose works the amateurs had undertaken to interpret. It comprised selec tions (instrumental) from Weber's " Preeiosa and (vocal) from the compositions of Balfe, Farmer, Benedict, and Blagini. At the con clusion of the entertainment a hearty vote of thanks was accorded, on the motion of Sir George F. Yerdon, K.C.N.G., to the lecturer, and also to the ladies and gentlemen who had assisted in rendering the soiree so successful. The proceedings then closed with the National Anthem. The Sunday-school will doubtless receive very material help as the result of the soiree. Inquest.—On September 25 Mr, McCord, J.P., held an inquest at the Georgetown Hotel on the body of Joseph Bos, aged 55. Deceased, who was employed by Mr. Keilly, of Crystal Brook, had been ailing for some time. On Wed nesday he got worse, and after staiting for ; Georgetown in a wagon got out near the town ship, but seemed unable to stand, and fell dead. In the opinion of Mr. Willshire, a chemist, who saw him, the cause of death was heart disease. The Jury found that " Deceased died from the visitation of God." The Northern Argus corre spondent says that the police-trooper, in conse quence of the absenee of Mr. H. M. Smith, J.P., had to ride 25or 30 miles to Mannanarie for the Coroner, although the trooper had just returned from a long trip. Gas on Yorke's Peninsula.—The following is the report of a Select Committee of the Assembly on the subject of the Moonta Gas Company's Bill.-—"Your Committee have to report to your Honourable House that they have carefully considered the provisions of the Moonta Gas Company's Bill and taken evidence thereon, and now beg to report that the i preamble has been proved. They recommend that clause 3 be amended by striking out the words 'the Province of South Australia' and inserting ' Yorke's Peninsula.' They also re commend that clause 33 be amended, in the 18th line, page 12, by adding 'and the town- | shiDS of Kadina and Wallaroo.'" St. Aloyetos' College, Sevehhuxs.—His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., the Hon. H. E.. Bright, Henry Scott, Esq., the Private Secretary, and other gentlemen, visited St. Aloysius' College, Sevenhills, on Saturday last, tfhey were .received at the gate by the Very Rev. A. Strele, Superior, Revs. Pallh.uber, Neiboun, and all the collegians, who gave His Excellency and suite three hearty cheers. The distinguished party visited the extensive gardens and pleasure grounds, and inspected the works of the new church, after which they partook of refreshment, and the scholars attending college gave a display of their vocal powers. After a stay of two hours His Excellency pro ceeded on his way to Bungaree, passing through Clare. A number of flags were hoisted along Main-street, which gave a lively appearance to the town, hut as the Governor was passing in Rig private capacity no addresses were presented. He therefore drove on to Inchiquin, the resi dence of Mr. J. W. Gleeson, and partook of luncheon' and visited the grounds. -—Northern Argus. The Destitute Asylum.—On September 30 the inmates of this institution had their annual treat in commemoration of the third anniversary of the opening of their chapel. Friends out of doors had made liberal provision for the tea, and the occasion will be remembered as a red letter day in the memory of many who from their position are debarred from otherwise enjoying themselves. At the after meeting there were addresses, and a volunteer choir rendered several pieces. Votes of thanks to the contributors and to those who had exerted themselves for the entertainment of the inmates were carried nem. con. Shakes.—These much-to-be- shunned summer visiters are putting in an unpleasantly early appearance this season, and if " Coming events east their shadows before," we shall have to encounter a greater number of the reptiles than usual when the hot weather fairly sets in, for the Bunyip of Friday speaks of one being recently killed in Murray-street, Gawler, two on Mr. Mitchell's farm near Para Para, a fourth on the Sandy Creek-road near Canon Coombs' residence, and a fifth in the Gawler Hotel stable-yard, all of them being upwards of four feet in length. Country children should be warned against playing near thick grass plots, as they form harbouring places for snakes, which the occa sional warm weather we now get entices forth. Benefit Societies and the Northern Territory.—On Wednesday evening, October 1, a meeting of delegates from the various Friendly Societies in Adelaide was held in the room of Court Temperance, Wake field-street— Councillor Bagshaw presiding—to consider the following circular:—" Court Temperance, 3813, A.O.F., September 17, 1873.—Sir and Brother —I am instructed to forward you the following resolution:—'That this Court issue a circular to the various Friendly Societies in Adelaide, in viting them to appoint one delegate to attend a meeting, to be held in Jones's Schoolroom, on Wednesday, October 1st, at 7.30 p.m., to con sider the best course to pursue to meet the in creasing liability caused by members going to the Northern Territory, in consequence of so much richness prevailing there.—I am, &c.;, Edwd. Alcock, Assistant Secretary, Waymouth street." After considerable discussion the following resolution was passedThat the various Societies be requested to insert a clause in their By-laws, reducing the amount of then: rick-pay in all cases where such richness is caused by the climatic influence of any tropical climate." Shoeing.—A meeting of the Committee of the Smith and Farriers' Association was held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel, Bundle-street,_ on Monday evening, September 29. Fifty-eight members have been enrolled, and a _ general meeting to determine the price for shoeing, &c.;, was fixed to be held on Saturday evening as advertised. Wallaroo Weather.—It is noted that on Saturday, September 27, the weather was unpleasantly warm at Port Wallaroo. Some of the fanners around there are beginning to com plain that unless rain comes speedily the crops will ripen prematurely. Primitive Methodist New Chapel.—The foundation-stone of a Primitive _ Methodist Chapel at the township of Dublin, in the Hundred of Dublin, was laid on Tuesday, Sep tember 30, by Miss S. Baker, of The Cedars,* Goodwood. It was a delightful day, and there was a good attendance, visitors having arrived from Mallala, the Lower Light, Two Wells, and other places. The site of the building is a nice spot, and it is understood was presented to the Chapel Trustees by Mr. Baker of Goodwood, Hie building will cost about £300. About 3.30 p.m. the Kev. J. S. Wayland introduced the young lady who had to officiate. A bottle con taining a copy of the day's Jlegister and the following document was placed in a cavity under the foundation-stone :—" To whomsoever it may interest. The foundation-stone of this the Dublin Primitive Methodist Chapel, Hundred of Dublin, Province of South Australia, was laid by Miss Baker, of The Cedars, Goodwood, on the 30th day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, being the thirty-seventh year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Anthony Musgrave, C.M.G., being the Governor of this orovince of South Australia; Revs. James Stuart Wayland and Arthur Wellesley Wel lington being the Ministers of the Two Wells circuit, Henry Secomb the Circuit Steward, and Messrs. George Baker, Charles Burnard, Francis Diment, Charles Dodd, James Fabian, Arthur George, and William Temby being Trustees. In the name, and to the glory of Almighty God, The Father, The Son, and The Holy Ghost this undertaking is this day publicly commenced." A hymn was sung, the Kev. A. W. Wellington offered prayer, the ceremony was performed, and Mr. Wayland spoke re garding the doctrines that would be preached in that place of worship, and the church polity of the denomination. Contributions were then laid upon the stone, and the people adjourned to a tent where an excellent spread was provided. At a subsequent public meeting Mr. W. Temby presided, and the Revs. A. W. Wellington and J. S. Wayland spoke. The financial result of the proceedings amounted to about £48. The New Pea " Superlative."—Mr. {John Hodgkiss has favoured us with specimens of the above English novelty of 1872, which he has succeeded this year in introducing into South Australia. He informs us that it grows freely in Lis garden at Brighton, and that it needs no special care or culture. The pods he has given us are young and in splendid order, six inches long, and one of them, which has been opened, contains ten remarkably fine peas. It is to be hoped that the plant thus successfully brought into the colony may soon be very generally cultivated, as it promises to form a very valua ble addition to our vegetable luxuries. The specimens referred to may be seen at our office. New Bridge.—Recently the bridge crossing at the Cut, near Saltia, was reopened for traffic. The substantial and neat structure has cast between £500 and £600. The new arch has a span of 17 feet, aad is 19 feet above the water course. Mr. Anderson, who has finished the work under the superintendence of the Port Augusta Road Board, has, it is understood, not made a profit out of the contract. He has, how ever, the satisfaction of having erected a credit able and useful bridge. Entertainment.—The members of the Young Men's Society in connection with St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield-street, assisted by several lady amateurs, provided an agreeable pro gramme, comprising elocution, and vocal and instrumental music, on Thursday evening, Oc tober 2, to celebrate the opening of a new room in which the Association will be able to meet for the future. Prior to the public entertainment the members had a social tea. The soiree was crowded, and passed off successfully. The Pastor of the Church and President of the Society, the Rev. J. Henderson, was the Chair man. The proceedings, which were earned, out with spirit, concluded with, a scene—" The * Miserable Man"—which had a far different effect upon the audience from what might be suggested by its name. The affair terminated shortly after 10 o'clock. The meeting room was formed by throwing what were previously three rooms into one, making thus a nice hall, which has been coloured and lit with gas. Doubtless it will be found of great advantage to the Church and the Society. Temperance Entertainment.—On Thursday evening, October 2, in the Town Hall Exchange Room, some members of various Temperance Societies performed Dr. Breadsall's allegorical seene—"The Trial of John Barleycorn." The hall was well filled, and the audience appeared highly pleased with the dramatic representation. The respective parts of judge, counsel, and police were taken in the orthodox garbs with which such dignitaries are always associated, and the addition of Jury and witnesses com pleted the formal character of the whole affair. It might perhaps be suggested to the represen tatives of the preservers of the public peace that it is not usual in Courts of Justice for them to wear their hats, and the same remark would apply to some of the witnesses. The piece as a whole, however, was fairly performed, although the text was lost in consequence of the rapidity and indistinctness of several speakers. The composition of the allegory in places indicates a very dim idea of the manner in which judicial proceedings are carried on. The company were enlivened by the Good Templars' Brass Band, and the meeting closed at a reasonable hour. Port Darwin Newspaper.—An advertise ment announces that subscriptions and adver tisements for the Northern Territory Times and Gazette newspaper are received at the Secretary's office in Register-Chambers. 1 The Unknown City.—The curious and in genious have now an opportunity of gratifying their tastes by inspecting a collection of works of art carved in stone. The Unknown City is the centre piece of the exhibition on view In a room of the Town Hall Buildings. The principal features of the collection are six models—a group of greyhounds and a horse, Viscount Lewisham's estate, Charles Dickens's residence at Gad's Hill, the Unknown City, a lot of vases, ruins of Netley Abbey, and a column. These are all carved out of a soft white sandstone, procured at Steelton, about five miles from Saddleworth, The works possess considerable merit, besides evidencing great patience on the port of the artist, the father of the present eridbitor, Mr. Ii. Xanson. The details of tbe several subjects are carefully presented, and the effect of the whole, apart from the labour which their pro duction must have entailed, is gratifying. A half hour may pleasantly be spent at this exhi bition. The Children's MkgaTATT—One of these popular and interesting musical services, illus trative of the life of Christ, was given at the Archer-street Wesleyan Church, North Ade laide, on Tuesday evening, September 30, in aid of the funds of the Sunday - school connected with the Church. There was a large attendance. Upon an elevated plat form about 120 scholars and teachers were assembled. Mr. E. S. Hall acted as har moniumist, and passages of Scripture were read by the Rev. T. Lloyd. For several months- the scholars have, under the leadership of Mr. Fash, diligently sought to become familiar with the psalmody which has been successfully intro duced into so many .Sunday-schools, and the manner in which they performed their parts must have fully recompensed those who nave devoted time and energy to the work of tuition. Bunyan's Holt War.—A highly successful Service of Song, with readings illustrative of this work, was given for the first time in the colony at the Alberton Baptist Chapel, on Monday evening, September 29. About 160 of the elder scholars of the Sunday schools in the neighbourhood sustained the vocal portion of the service, accompanied by Miss Neill on a cabinet organ, and by members of the Fort Band with trumpets and drum. The attention of a large audience was thoroughly enlisted by the children singing with heartiness and effect 18 beautiful hymns. The words, as the title of the Service suggests, were for the most part of a martial character, mid the correctness and admirable time displayed in rendering such a variety of tunes evidenced careful training. The Rev. Morgan Lloyd, pastor of the church, read with much distinctness extracts from Bunyau's allegory, and at the close of the proceedings complimented Miss Neill, Mr. Keeye, the conductor, and Mr. Webb, for the part they had taken in arranging for the Service. The children endorsed his remarks by showering bouquets at those named.. A repetition of the service was announced for Saturday evening at tbe Port Town Hall on behalf of the Sailors* Home, as advertised. Missent Luggage.—On Tuesday morning, September 30, some trouble was occasioned by _ a gentleman in Adelaide sending to the' Port in advance his personal lug gage to be placed on board a Mel bourne steamer. Just as the Royal Shepherd started for Ports Lincoln and Augusta it was found that the luggage had been sent by the wrong route, and was off down the river, bound for Edithburgh instead of for the metropolis of Victoria. No time was lost, for the agent pro ceeded to the Semaphore to intercept the stray effects, manned a whaleboat, and pulled off to the track of the coasting steamer. There he waved a flag, and was rewarded for his perse verance by seeing the vessel pass within quarter of a mile without paying the least attention to his signal. This occurring in broad daylight shows that a good lookout was not kept. Mr. Formby, who landed at the Semaphore Jetty, learned something further about the disregard, some times paid by departing steamers to boat signals. Music at the Botanic Gardens.—To the liberality of some Adelaide gentlemen the public owe the opportunity which will now be offered them every week, of enjoying the delights of music while wandering through our charming Gardens. On Wednesday afternoon, October 1, the first of a series of open-air concerts by Schrader's excellent brass band was given in the Botanic Gardens, commencing at 4 o'clock, and it would seem every advantage is likely to be taken of the double pleasure which will be afforded on Wednesday afternoon in Dr. Schom burgk's domain. There was a large and fashion able attendance, and for a couple of hours the Gardens presented a most animated appearance. Several of the varieties of flowers are now in their most perfect bloom, notably the cinerarias and gloxinias, and a more favourable season could hardly be chosen for seeing the perfection to which taste and perseverance have brought the Gardens. The programme of music per formed, which was most enjoyable, was as fol lows :—Coronation March from "Le Prophete selections from " La Sonnambula," a quadrille, the overture to " Fra Diavolo," " Bird of Para dise Waltz," " Emily Polka," and a galop, the whole concluding with the National Anthem at about half-past 5 o'clock. These concerts are a real treat, and sure to be very popular. Benevolent Amateur Dramatic Society.— A performance was given at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday, October 1, by the members of this Society, the object being to raise funds for the wardrobe and library which are indispensable to a dramatic club. The Society have on several occasions been able as the result of their efforts to hand over substantial sums to different charitable institutions, and it was therefore gratifying to see that they were well supported in their endeavour to provide themselves with the means whereby their performances may be rendered more attractive in the future. Apart from the good which the Society is enabled to do by assisting our charities, it deserves support as evidencing the fact that the members devote their leisure to a study which is at once beneficial to themselves and qualifies them to afford amusement to others. The stalls, pit, and gallery were crowded, but the boxes were but sparsely occupied. The performance on Wed nesday consisted of Tom Taylor's well-known four-act drama, "The Ticket-of-Leave Man," and the farce of " Colleen Bawn Settled at Last," the amateurs being assisted by the Misses Emily Wood, Neelsen, Hooper, and Hulbert. The drama was performed by the Society last year with a slightly different cast in aid of the sufferers by the melancholy boat accident at Glenelg, when it met with a very favourable reception, which was also accorded to it on its repetition. The leading characters were all very fairly represented, some of the performers frequently rising above mediocrity, and displaying considerable talent. Some of tbe minor characters, however, failed to speak with deliberation and distinctness, and the text was in consequence lost in some parts; but generally the piece went smoothly, and the prompter's duties were apparently light. Atthe fall of the curtain all the leading characters were called for and warmly applauded. The farce followed, but although causing considerable merriment could not but be regarded as a mistake, the curtaiu not having fallen on the drama till 11.30 p.m. The entertainment as a whole was very creditable to the Society, who will doubt less have a handsome sum to expend on their wardrobe and library. Local Industry ns Victoria.—The Balfaral Star says :—"No. 91, the fifth locomotive com pleted by the Phoenix Foundry Company for the Government, went on its trial trip to Lai Lai on Wednesday, and acquitted itself in a most satis factory manner. Good progress is being made with the others. No. 87 will be finished in a fort night, and No. 89 will be ready to put on the line in three weeks' time. In a month—if the Government supply the wheels as expected —No. 95 will be finished, and then the first contract will have been completed. The Com pany has a second contract for the supply of nine goods engines and six passenger engines for the Maryborough line. The first goods engine in this contract has been started, and will be completed in about two months, while the others will be finished in quick succession. The Phoenix Foundry Company has the contract for the ironwork of the bridge over the Deep Creek, at Carisbrook, on the Maryborough and Castlemaine line. The same Company has also a contract for a similar bridge at Creswick. Then there is the contract for the ironwork in connection with all the gates on the Mary borough and the Creswick and Clunes lines, and this work will soon be finished." Cabmen's Picnic,—The second aannai picnic of the North and South Adelaide Cabmen's Association took place on "Wednesday, October 1\. About 10 a.m. 48 conveyances, led by a four in-hand vehicle belonging to Mr. Carl Gors, started from N orth Adelaide, and proceeded along King William-street, down Bundle- street, round Hindmarsh-square, and up Grenfell-street, stop ping for half an hour at the Town Hall to take up the wives, families, or friends of the drivers. At 11 o'clock the procession with flags flying started for the Hon. "W. Morgan's grounds, Netherby Park, near Mitcham, where a pleasant afternoon was spent in witnessing or taking part in foot races, the game of Aunt Sally, greasy tailed pig chases, and other sports. At 5.30 p.m. the party broke up, went to Mr. Morgan's resi dence, and gave three hearty cheers for the host. At dusk the holiday-makers arrived in town, and many of them proved their extreme jollity by driving round the street corners at a smart gallop in utter defiance of the Corporation by-laws. Immigrants to Arrive.—The ship Kirkham, which sailed from London on July 16 for Ade laide, had on board the following immigrants:— Pat Brody, Thomas Cody, James Coocau, Johu Comerford, Mary Comorford, James Duggan, Peter, Mary, Nicholas Emma, Peter, Mathew, Agnes, and Johu Forgusou, George Higgs, William, Sarah, John, Betsy, and Edmund Leach, John and fid ward Lcightoa, David Lindsay, Mathew Lynch, Geoi-ge Morrison, Edward Plunket, Mary Reilly, Ann Smith. John Travers. Assisted Passengers.—The South Australian has brought about twenty passeugei-s under the new regulations, and the wtiole of them hare arrived in good health and spirits. The Glknklg Jetty.—At a meeting of the Marine Board on Tuesday, September 30, diagrams of the proposed additions to the Glenelg Jetty, and of the new lighthouse to bo erected thereon, were submitted for approval. There were two drawings for the lighthouse— one similar in design to the late erection, but to be constructed of iron; the other having iron columns unenclosed, except at the top and sur rounded by a railing. The Board recommended the latter design as offering less resistance to the wind, and advised that it should be placed at the extreme end of the T addition. In the proposed alterations provision is to be made for the con struction of landing stages inside the head, where mails can be taken from boats at all times of the tide. CaBle Breach.—On Tuesday, September 30, the following public notice was posted at the Adelaide Telegraph Offices: —" The cable between Hongkong and Saigon interrupted. Bepairing steamer started. Messages for China and Japan can be posted at Singapore, the charge being the present rate to Singapore, with Is. 6d. postage; or messages can be forwarded via London and the Amoor, the charge being, Hongkong, £6 5s. 6d., and all Japan, £6 16s. 6d., in addition to the present rate to London." It will, of course, be understood that this breach does not affect the communication between Adelaide and London. The Mail Steamers.—The P. & 0\. Company have hitherto made slight use of the Suez Canal ia consequence of the excessive tonnage dues charged by the Canal Company, but by the last mail they advised their agents there that for the accommodation of outward passengers they pro posed to dispatch a number of their steamers, commencing with that of September 25, through the Canal. These steamers will proceed alter nately to Bombay and Calcutta. The Passengers Act.—In consequence of the infliction of fines upon masters of vessels at Port Darwin for not supplying their passengers with proper food, as reported in the Register's tele grams from Palmerston, a meeting of the Marine Board was held on Tuesday, September 30, to consider the necessity of strictly enforcing the provisions of the Passengers Act at Port Adelaide, and appointing an officer to inspect stores, &c.;, prior to the clearances of vessels being granted. The Secretary was instructed to confer with the Treasurer with a view to steps being taken to remedy the grievance. The British-Australian Telegraph COM PANY. —The number of telegrams transmitted through this Company's cable from Port Darwin for the week ending Saturday, September 27, was divided thus:— Sent from the Sent to the Colonies. Colonies. South Australia 11 8 Victoria 44 48 New South Wales ... 28 25 Queensland 2 2 Tasmania ... ... ... — — New Zealand — 2 Totals 85 85 Grand total, 170. Accident.—On Tuesday, September 30, Mr. C. H. Morris, a sawyer, in the employ of Messrs. King, Blyth, & Co., of Adelaide, was admitted Into the City Hospital suffering from a severe gash on his left wrist and thumb. While he was engaged at a steam circular saw, two men came bearing on their shoulders a 16-feet plank, which, being decayed, broke in the centre. It would have fallen upon the revolving saw, causing much damage, had not Morris thrown up his arm to ward off the blow. The weight of the plank was, however, such that it forced his hand down on to the saw, causing the injury mentioned. We believe that thi6 is the second accident of the kind which has occurred at the establishment within a brief period. The fore going information, which appeared in Wednes day's Register was received at the Adelaide Hospital, we have since, however, had from Messrs. King, Blyth, & Co., a different version of the affair. The firm states that the mishap to Morris arose from his carelessness. He was pushing a plank on to the saw-table while a man at the other end was pulling it, and just before the wood was sawn quite through the further extremity being heavier tipped up, and to prevent the wood from catching in the teeth of the revolving saw Morris put his hand upon the plank, thereby bringing it into contact with tno saw. Painful Accidents.—It is reported by the Herald of Kapunda that George Lucas, aged about 12. on Saturday evening, September 27, was at the Light dam when some boys were watering horses, and young Lucas was asked if he would have a ride, so he mounted a horse, but recollected nothing further. He was shortly afterwards seen lying on the ground insensible. He was first conveyed to a neighbour's, and thence home, where he was attended by Dr. Benner, who found that in addition to serious injuries to the head (the full extent of which cannot yet he determined) the lad was suffering from a deep and severe gash about nine inches in length, extending from just above the knee to the thigh. Dr. Rentier, assisted by Dr. McLachlan, sewed up this wound. The lad still remains in a very critical condition. On Monday morning a girl, about three years of age, named Trevena, having been playing with a cutting-machine, sustained such a serious cut just above the wrist that it had to be sewn up by Dr. McLachlan. Fatally Scat,dep.—Writing on September 26 the Waterloo correspondent of the Kapunda, Herald mentions that " Mrs. Kernich, the wife of a German farmer at TothilPs Belt, was boiling water in a four-gallon kerosine tin, while her youngest child, aged about 16 months, stood close to the fireplace, when suddenly the vessel fell, and poured the boiling water over the poor child, scalding it from head to foot. After 24 hours' intense pain the little sufferer was re lieved by death. A sister about 12 years was In the room at the time, and rushed to the rescue of the child. This girl had her hands scalded to such a dreadful extent that the flesh fell off some fingers, and it is feared that the poor child will lose the use of her hands for life." Farm MisHArs.—The Wallaroo paper tells that on Monday, September 29, about noon at Yorke Valley, George Bowden fractured bin thigh. He was in the employ of a selector, and was told to fetch a fallen tree with a dray and three horses. After putting a chain pound the trunk he started the horses whilst riding on the dray. It appears that he had not perceived a root that prevented the trunk of the tree from being moved. The two foremost horses swerved and pulled the dray and the shaft horse over, the dray falling on Bowden, and causing the injury stated. He was removed to Wallaroo, where he arrived at midnight on Monday, and was ordered to the local Casualty Hospital. In the morning the leg was set by Dr. Welsh, and the man is progressing favourably. The frac ture was a simple one. Meadows Farming.—All vegetation is in a splendid state in the Meadows District, warm days having had a marked effect upon the growing crops, and grass especially. Slugs are numerous and destructive, notwithstanding that lime and salt have been used with no stinted hand to chock the ravages of the pests. Northern Crops.—The farms on the Hum mocks give promise of yielding an abundant harvest. Reports reaching the Clare paper from the Northern Areas are exceedingly favourable. Everywhere the crops look welL In some spots the growth is too luxuriant to yield much grain, therefore it will be necessary to mow it for hay. There are no complaints of rust, and the farmers generally do not dread the ravages of grass hoppers, as very few have yet appeared. It is hoped that the crops will be too far advanced to receive damage from these pests. Pluvial Statistics.—It will be seen from our table of the rainfall in Adelaide that the quantity registered at the Observatory in September was rather over two inches and a half, thus raising the total of the last nine months to a trifle above the general average. The New Clip.—It is remarked by the Northern Argus that "shearing is now in full swing at the various stations in the North, and loads of wool from Bungaree are daily passing through Clare on their way to Saddloworth Bailway Station. The clip this season is consi dered good both in quantity and quality, the wool being unusually clean." New Wool.—At Lacepede Bay the first load of this season's wool arrived last week from Messrs. G. Kiddoch & Co.'s Wirrega Station, in the Tatiara Country, and Kingston people expect more to follow soon. , Pioneers.—In the window of Mr. Jones's photographic premises there can now be seen in a large frame likenesses of the old colonists who were guests at the banquet given by Mr. E. Solomon. The portraits are particularly good, and a large number of citizcus have been inte rested by an inspection of them. The Fire at Hope Valley.—On September 27, Joliu O'Shauuesey and his mate, who had retired to their tent at the New Reservoir, leaving their watoh-fire alight near the entrance, ' were aroused by the contact of fire, were ' severely burnt, and had their dwelling destroyed.; About midnight Lynham, finding the tent and | bedclothes in flames, hastily aroused his com- i pauion, and thotwo made haste to escape' with j their lives, bearing on their persons the marks of the fire. The supposition is that the tent door being open the wind, which increased during the mght, blew the flames on to their prey. O'Shannessy, whose left arm and leg were severely injured, was admitted to the Hospital on Sunday; while Lynham, whose right band and arm had been burnt, was received there on Monday. We learnt upon enquiry the same evening that the two sufferers were, pro gressing favourably. Emigration from Germany. — In noticing some features of a tour recently made in Europe by Mr. G. Steinfeld, of Victoria, the Ballarat Star says:—"Perhaps the most notable contrast that came under the notice of Mr. Steinfeld during his visit to Vienna was the manner in which emigration inducements were held out by the American Commissioners, and the apathy shown by the representatives of the Australian Colonies. We may premise that Germany is, as Mr. Steinfeld says, at present over-populated, and that many agriculturists and artisans are i looking about them for some spot to emigrate ■ to. These men are not, as is generally asserted, ' driven out of Germany by the dread of three years' military service ; but wanting to settle down, and being unable to obtain land in ^ Germany at a moderate. price, are desirous to go where land can bo had cheaply. Now, the United States and Canadian Commissioners, being fully aware of this, are working hand in hand to take this class to their shores, and from statistics Mr. Steinfeld has obtained he finds that last year over 1,000,000 persons were taken to the United States and Canada, and the majority of these were Germans. The American Commissioners have small pamphlets distributed all over Germany, in the railway stations, hotels, baths, and every public institution. Each State has one pamphlet all to itself, headed thus:—'State of Nebraska. Where is it? What is Nebraska,' &c.; The pamphlets set forth the general cha racter of the soil, climate, capabilities, and wind up with an advertisement stating that emigrants can have farm lands on 10 years' credit. These pamphlets are distributed gratis, but if a person wants to know anything about the Australian Colonies he has to go to the Queensland Department, where he has to pay 20 kreufc zer8 for two miserable little pamphlets of eight pages each, and a fair-sized pamphlet and catalogue of New Zealand exhibits. The fact seems to be, however, that there is no person to look after our affairs in this matter. Mr. Steinfeld thinks that German agriculturists, •with capital, would be brought to these colonies if they could more easily obtain information of the land laws and position of this colony; but, as he states, in several places where he brought forward the benefits likely to accrue to emi grants by coming here, he found that the most complete ignorance prevailed as to the position and wealth of Victoria. When Mr. Steinfeld left Vienna a grand Postal Congress was about to be held, and, although all the countries on the Continent, as well as England, United States, Canada, and the British Possessions in India, were to send delegates, there was no mention of the Australian Colonies joining in the Congress for the general equalization of postage rates. Mr. Steinfeld considers it is of the utmost importance that the Agent-General should take some action in this matter." Australian Meat in England.—We extract the following from the report of the Gloucestershire Quarter Sessions in the Cheltenham, Mercury of July 5:—"Use of Australian Meat.—The Visiting Justices reported that the prisoners had been served with Australian meat thrice a week during the quarter, whereby a saving of £13 2s. had been effected. The prisoners were well satisfied with the meat, and the tins had been utilized as water cans, &c.; Only one can of meat had been found to be faulty. For making soup, however, the use of the meat had not been found so economical as the old plan. Mr. Birchall, one of the Visiting Justices, said the saving was 50 per cent. Sir George Jenkinson, who six months ago urged the use of Australian meat, expressed Ms satisfaction at this result." Supplying Liquor to Aboriginals.—At the Mount Gambler Police Court on Friday, Sep tember 26, Mr. R. J. Turner, S.M., fined Charles Pryor, a publican in Rosaville, £5 for having served an aboriginal with a bottle of rum. South-EasternFarming.—Itismeutioned that at Mount Gambier the weather has been highly favourable for the growth of vegetation. The crops look splendid, and feed is fast getting beyond the consuming capacity of the stock. Fanners are now making preparations for potato planting. Port MacDoxnell and its Moorings.—The Watch reports ;—"The barque Adelheid came into MacDonnell Bay on Tuesday, September 23, in spite of the danger flag displayed by the Har bour-Master. - She did not stay long, for evi dently not liking the look of things she stood out to sea again. She returned on Thursday, but was again ordered out by the Harbour-Master, on the ground that her tonnage was too great for the capacity of the Bay, and she had not the necessary appliances for making her secure. The master came ashore, and after telegraphing to the owners of the vessel he set sail without taking in cargo for Sydney. It transpired that during his first visit to the Bay he lost both his anchors, which was the cause of his going to sea. The moorings in MacDonnell Bay are reported to be in a very unsatisfactory state. It will be remembered that the ill-fated schooner Flinders tumbled to pieces while overhauling them, leaving the work incomplete, and since then nothing has been done to them. Two of them are known to be highly insecure, and it would be well if the Marine Board took immediate steps to get the necessary repairs at once effected. It is quite enough that the district should have an indifferent port to contend against, without also having bad appliances for anchoring." A correspondent of the paper quoted thus writes: — " Great iudignation is felt here at the neglect which we are at present experiencing from the Marine Board by leaving the moorings in their present inefficient state. The steamer's moorings were left unfinished by the Flinders, and since then the middle set of moorings have been dis turbed by the Galatea, and aie at present con sidered unsafe by our Harbour- Master—leaving one set of moorings available, and that set is only fitted for two vessels, and is usually used for the smaU schooners trading here. The Escort is now riding at them, and as we are daily ex pecting the Jet to arrive, there will be no moor ings for either Penola or Coorong should they come in before the schooners are away."' The New Hebrides Mission.—The Rev. J. LyaU has received a telegram from Sydney intimating that the schooner Paragon, which reached that city on Monday, September 29, from the South Sea Islands, had on board the Rev. Mr. Paton and family. Lost.—The Border Watch of September 27 remarks:—"There is great reason to fear that Mr. Malcolm McLean, of West Ardno Station, has met with an untimely end. We learn by private telegrams from Casterton that he left that place on Tuesday with the view of pro ceeding to Springvale Station, but never reached there. Yesterday morning his horse, with saddle and bridle on, was found grazing on the banks of the Glenelg River, about seven miles from Springvale, but there was no trace of the owner. The horse appeared as if he had been swimming in the river, and it is feared that Mr. McLean in crossing got beyond Ms depth and lost his seat, and got drowned. There is, we regret to say, too good reason to suspect that tMs con jecture is correct, but in the meantime every effort is being made to discover further traces of the missing gentleman, and there is still a faint hope that the worst surmises may not be realized." Referring to the disappearance of Mr. McLean, the Mound Gambier Standard remarks:—" A painful sensationhas been created by the fact that Mr. M. McLean, of Ardno, had been missing for some days, and that there was reason to fear that he had been drowned whilst attempting to cross the Glenelg hear Casterton. Mr. McLean left there on Tuesday evening for Springbank, and on the following morning his horse returned to Casterton riderless, and with evidences of having been submerged. The hat worn by Mr. McLean was subsequently found floating in the river—a fact wMch leaves but little room for doubt as to the cause of the unfortunate gentleman's absence. Later infor mation states that Mr. McLean succeeded in getting out of the river, although he lost his horse, and that he subsequently called at three places enquiring the way back to Casterton. He has, however, not since been heard of, and it is feared that he has perished from cold and ex haustion. The greatest sympathy is felt for Mrs. McLean, who has been married but a few months, and the numerous other friends closely affected by this meloncholy incident." Valedictory.—A well-attended meeting of representatives of various trades, held at the Hotel Europe on Monday evening, September 29, determined that the Hon. T. Reynolds should, in recognition of Ms services, be entertained by the working classes "at a farewell banquet upon the eve of his leaving for the Northern Terri tory. We are informed that although the arrangements for the demonstration are being hurriedly made there is every probability of the complimentary dinner being very numerously attended. Poet Darwin Newspaper and Telegraphic Agency Company.—A meeting of this Company was held at Mr. G. W. Cotton's-Offices, Queen's Chambers, on September 27, to adopt rules and elect Directors. Mr. G. W. Cotton presided. A deed of association was adopted. Messrs. R. Stuckey, W. Whyte, E. M. Bagot, F. W. Baines, and G. W. Cotton were elected as a Board. The paper is be called The Northern, Territory limes and Gazette. The whole of the plant is to be forwarded by the steamer Gothen burg. We learn that the editorial management will be in the hands of Mr. Richard Wells, J.P., who was formerly for several years connected with our own establishment. He is a man of very high ability, and well fitted for the work he has undertaken. A Grumble Regarding the Telegraph.—In his latest letter the Mintaro correspondent of a country paper remarks:—"Our. telegraph is as good to us as if it had never been. Can it be believed that it is not opened yet, after being completed so long? Well it is so, and our Deputy Returning Officer had to go four miles and a half to telegraph to town respecting the election, looking at a beautiful lot of telegraph poles the whole way. He must have said some thing to himself, and no wonder." Snakes.—It is mentioned by the Clare Argus that a few days' warm weather had been suffi cient to wake snakes from their torpor, and several have already appeared in sheltered situations:—"One about five feet long was seen, on Tuesday basking on the top of the boilers at the Clare mill; the spot, no doubt, was attractive, being very warm. When attacked it stood its ground, and eventually escaped amongst the firewood,'but on reappearing was shot." The Mintaro letter, dated September 24, of the paper indicated reports:—"A son, aged 10, of Mr. Donald Melntyre was bitten yesterday by a very large black snake. The boy in walking along some grass by the side of the road near Mr. Torr's residence trod on the snake, and it bit him between the instep and the knee. Dr. Carter was immediately sent for, the lad in the meantime exhibiting' every sign of snake- poisoning, viz., losing the use of his legs, and becoming delirious, requiring people to hold him. On the arrival of Dr. Carter he immediately cupped and cauterized the bitten part, and gave ammonia in small but frequent doses. The symptoms of poison even tually abated, and the lad is now free from danger, and, in fact, walked two miles to-day." Snake Bites.—.-A private letter, received on Tuesday morning from the neighbourhood of the Lakes, says :—" Last week a young black boy was bitten by a whip snake in the arm below the elbow, his mother sucked the wound and wisely tied a ligature above it. In an hour the arm began to swell, and sleepiness—always in these cases considered a bad symptom—ensued. The child was then brought to the house of a settler in the neighbourhood, where the arm was freely lanced, and some very strong ammonia rubbed into the wound, the marks of two fangs being quite distinct. A good deal of brandy was then given to the boy, who had to be held down while it was being poured down his throat, and a com plete recovery was the result. Curiously enough the mother of the same boy was her self bitten a day or two afterwards by a large black snake, which coiled itself around her leg between the ancle and the knee. Similar treat ment resulted in a perfect cure, but it should be added that in the latter case no force nor indeed very much pressing was necessary to induce her to take a copious libation of Hennessy's best, in the latter case the ammonia and brandy were administered—the former outwardly the latter inwardly — within a few minutes after the bite. It occurs to me her sable ladyship would have no great objection to be snake-bitten once a day on similar terms. Strong ammonia should be kept in every house, at all events in the country, in case of similar accidents. There seems to be an unusually large number of snakes about this season which is often the case after a wet winter." The Pobt-boad.—On Tuesday, September 30, a deputation, consisting of the Mayor of Port Adelaide, the Chairman of the Hindmarsh District Council, and Messrs. T. W. Boothby, M.P., J. M. Sinclair, J.P., Malcolm H. Davis, J. Copley, J. Willsmore, and M. Minihan, intro duced by Mr. J. PickeriBg, M.P., waited upon the Chief Secretary and Commissioner of Public Works, with reference to the repair and maintenance of the Port-road. A memorial, signed by 2,300 inhabitants of Port Adelaide and Hindmarsh, was presented, praying that the Port line might be at once put into a state of repair, as notwithstanding the existence of a railway a great traffic was still confined to the old road, which was in a most disgracef ul con dition. It was stated that an increased width of six feet, which would cost about £3,000, was needed, and that the present state of the road was a great inconvenience to the Mannum wool carriers and other teamsters, in addition to the residents in various localities. The Government admitted the wants of the road, and the Com missioner of Public Works mentioned that it had already cost o?er £70,000. It was intended that afternoon to introduce into Parliament a new Main Roads Bill, and in that measure full provision was made for the road mentioned. The matter would, it was promised, receive the careful consideration of the Government. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 27th of September, were :—Births—males 9, females 13; deaths—males 14, females 10. Total—births 22, deaths 24. Excess of deaths, 2. The Glenelg Railway Case.—Immediately after the committal at the Police Court, on Friday, September 26, of the youths English and Pearce, for wilfully attempting to obstruct the train on the previous Sunday afternoon, an application was made on summons, with the usual affidavits, by Mr. Boucaut, counsel for the defence, to His Honor Mr. Justice Wearing, in Chambers, for an order discharging the pri soners on bail. The Crown was represented. His Honor granted the order, but imposed the heavy recognizance of £500 in each instance. Consequent on these proceedings the youths were released from custody without having been incarcerated. Panicdm Speciosum.—Mr. EL W. Phillips, of North Adelaide, has handed to us for distribu tion a number of packets of seed of the above named summer grass which was referred to in an article in Friday's Register. Upon the receipt of a twopenny stamp and the address of any person desiring to try the grass we will send a supply of the seed. A Direct Shipments.—Tee local paper remarks: —"What we term the direct trade between Port Wallaroo and home is making progress. By this mail Messrs. Bower & Co., of Wallaroo, received intelligence that the Albert William, bound for this port with a cargo of Oregon timber, had been consigned to them, and had sailed on August 29. The same firm also seud home instructions by this mail for another vessel to be dispatched with a general cargo, and it will be followed by others. Then there are Mr. Bower's own three barques, purchased to trade to either Ports Adelaide or Wallaroo as inducement may offer." Inquest at Angle Vale. — On Tuesday, September 30, an enquiry was held at Angle Vide by Mr. W. H. Wilkinson, J.P., regarding the death of John Parr, who was killed on the previcus day through falling from a dray loaded with coal. William Parr, son of deceased, de posed that he left home about 9 a.m. on the previous day with his father to fetch coal from Smithfield. On the return journey deceased, who had a little drink, got on a shaft of the dray to whip one of the horses, and in so doing lost bis balance and fell. Deponent could not say whether the wheel passed over him. When witness found that his father was hurt he rode back to Smithfield for assistance. John Turner, storekeeper, of Smithfield, stated that about 3 p.m. on Monday he was requested by Wm. Parr to see bis father, who had, he stated, been injured by a dray. Went immediately with four or five other persons and found the man lying in the middle of the road. He said, "Oh, John, I believe I am going to die." Remarked that he was in pain all over, but complained of no particular part. Assisted in conveying him to his home, and sent to Gawler for Dr. Mcintosh. Believed deceased was quite sober. J. S. Mcintosh, medical practitioner, deposed that on returning home the previous evening he found a telegram from Smithfield requesting him to visit deceased. Immediately started with such appliances as were deemed necessary. On examining the patient found crepitation of the ribs on the left side. There was a considerable bruise opposite the crepitary surfaces. The ribs were separated from the spine, and there was a considerable bruise over the spine. Remained with the sufferer up to his death, which took place about 8 o'clock. The Jury returned the verdict that John Parr was accidentally killed through falling off his dray. Vehicle Accident.—On Wednesday after noon, October 1, as a horse and buggy belong ing to Mr. Wm. King was proceeding along King William-street, on the southern side of Victoria-square, the animal, which was a high spirited creature, became restive at sight of the Glenfelg Railway train, which was waiting to load passengers for the 2.15 o'clock down trip. When nearly opposite the Booking Office the driver appeared to have lost control of his horse, which dashed into a cart full of bottles drawn up at the kerb. The shafts of both vehicles were smashed, and the horse in the cart was severely gored by a shaft of the buggy. Neither of the persons in charge was injured. The Locust First.—At Wallaroo on Monday September 29, numbers of locusts were seen. The Poet Adelaide Courts.—Mr. E. J. Peake, S.M., having obtained leave of absence for two months, owing to ill-health, his duties at the Port will be performed during his absence by Mr. E. Castle, S.M., late of Mount Pleasant. Wool Shipments.—At Port Augusta the wool ships are getting on well with their loading, going down in the water fast, and the residents are all busy. Milakg Congregational Church. — The Rev. EL Cheetham, having ministered to the united congregations of MDang and Point Sturt for twelve months, has accepted a unanimous invitation to reside amongst them as their pastor. On September 30 the Rev. F. W. Cox lectured in the Milang Chapel upon his recent travels in Europe. There was a good attendance, and the listeners were much gratified. 