1 ~'THE;PALMm: ? V '-?: (From, the Courier's Correspond cni.) ?.'??'? ':.- ,,;.- November 2. 1 ?;' It is now over 8 weeks since the prospectors arrived onthe Palmer, followed by about TOO' men and twice as many horses. In spite of all the caution given by. tho prospectors respecting poor goldy; and- the probability of short supplios, many came with just as much as served them fur the journey, abont two weeks.1/ Since then others have come and crono. and. with the ex ception of a few who sold their scanty supplies, all the others must either' return or starve, con sequently they loft, and many, more must leave. Thero are,' now about 250 men horo,, and not supplies sufliciont for moro than one- half of that number, unless', drays, arrive before the rain sots in. , ???'?? ;..?-,? '.-'?. ????'i.', '.'''? /..''? ' ?: ? The men oro working in 'different places for. about 25 miles on the, river.- The 'prospectors aro stacking dirt, throo of whom havo been up towards tho hoacl of fcho river, and have returned after ten days, bringing in over 30 ounces of coarso gold, whicli they report getting in a largo tributai-y,.«ominf{ in cm tho.nor.th side vjf the river. There is, they say, payable gold in many placos. They have been up between 30 and 40 miles. The country looks promising. Thoro is a good deal of gold boing got along tho river. All who know how to work in North Queens land rivers— in fact, all who do work — are getting a littlo gold. I have known as much as 5 ounces per day got, and 10 and 12 ounces in the weok, but these are oxcoptional cases. A »reat many, however, get 1 ox. and half-an ounce per day,' but a gruator number still do not exceed 6 or 7 pennyweights. Littlo prospecting has been done; excopt by the original prospectors. Tho workings are chiefly confined to the. river '; the giilliu^canuot be tried until. salt to cure beef aiid. other rations arrive. The darkies are very numerous, and on sdvoral occiiaions vory trpublo sotne. About thirty, blaclis showed light 4f Cai1- lessly against ten armed men one evening when .storming their camp. Ono man got' speared, through tho thigh in the attack. A shovel and somo other tools were recovered, but, they stil 1 retain a donble-onded pick. The darkies are very bold, -and must be better taught tho effects, of the riflo before we get safety on the Palmer. Tho material for two or three public-houses is , being prepared. : ' - There is a sergeant and a few police here, and there is talk of a Commissioner coming, via Encleavor Bay, to ma-rk a road. Tho Endeavor is our only hopo of getting .cheap supplies here. Thirty milos ftp the rivor, -where I tliinlc the most digging will be carriod on, men can pack ?thoir own supplies on hnrsehatik from the 'bay onco ft road is marked. There is a large Oold for gully rakiiig in this district, they being shallow, and, if containing giiJd -will .soaii get. worked out. This will he the 'best field evor opened in Quoonsland for Chinese, but fhby must -not attompt cotnincc here at present ?; war is' already proclaimed ?; still a Chinese gardenor Inis com menced planting. Tho place seems heatthy, ' though a few havo been complaining of dysen tery, of which one old man 'has died. Thero is-a line healthy cool broozo o'v.ery day, which, the prospectors had not at the season tliey wero here. The days are, however, extremely hot from 12 to 3 o'clock. ? . . ? . . \ Somo of the prospectors leavo to-day for the Gxtroino heads of the river, of which thev aro very sanguine. I trust no .one will ''come here' who has not had exporionce in North' Quoons- lands nion 'who 'have shows, or been used to deep sinking, or -who havo money in thoir pockets over a few -pounds, need not enme liero, thoy cannot make up their minds to ;go iossick itig in crovicosfor a fewdwts. ? . ?? ? ? I oannot form any idea of tlie quantity of gold in tho miners' hands, but. I know if a gold mer chant wore -here, giving a fair price, he would havo .to pay iur.a.good many hundred .ounces. Tho following letter .was ihanded to tho ?* Ole voland Bay Express' 'by ,a gentleman ,who had returned from tho Palmor :— ''Endeavor River, Novomber 21. '' Sir, — Allow mo through thow- ediivnv of your columns to give minors about to start to the Palmor a rough sketch of the -trip 'there and back, hoping it -will act as a warning to those who .aro thinking or .starting betore tho wet season sots in. 1 ?'?The -command left tho Endoavor some 108 strong, a'bout '90 of those :boing on foot with swags from .70 lbs. -to 90 lbs. weight — the sup posed distance ibeing about 35 miles Wfiithojight wo could not over-load onrsol.vos. ? ' After tho first .day out we found -fchat wo had overloaded onrselvc!S,:ai\d that many , a poor .fellow :had to throw .away his clothing in order ' to keep his flour. In faot the road up was lined ' with clothing, 'blankets, tents, :and flour. ''The roud, instead iof .being .only 85 .or 90 .milos,, .turned .out to ;bo fully 1C0 milos, and most of the memsay it is fully 180 miles. A-nyhow, it is a hard road to travel ; the water ibping plentiful on the road makos it easier.. ' Wo had three brnshon with tho blacks. ?Twice thoy attacked tia, and onco tho black troopers had a skirmish with Uiom ; but where over the black troopers came across them thoy made short work of thorn. They are a good looking race of blacks — flno, tall, and woll-mado, many over six foot in height, and a puro coppbr oolour. Minors goih£( this route should not go in loss than partioR of (right, and then well-armed with guns and rifles.. Revolvers aro no ,uso, as thoy can kill with thoir spears at 80 yards. Thoy always attack at tho break of day, but a good watch must lie kept all night. Thoir war-whoop is the cry of tho block cockatoo, 'We got in to the Palmer on tho Thursday, after being fifteen days on the road. When wo got there there was not a pound of flour, or. salt, or sugar to bo hsd. Beof was reasonable, only 9d. pbr lb. dud no bone, but thero is not much .boof loft. Some 150 head of cattle are oxpected. 'Tho.country looks a fine country for milus for gold, but at present all the work ..being .done .is in the river bed, crevioing. Gold has bean found for forty miles, , but the blacks keep driving in all small. parties. ? As soon as the rain sets in they will have to leave the river and try the gullies and terraces,, as the Palmor has every indication of being a-. largo river. '?'. It's nearly two hundred yards' wide, and high water mark 15 feet. .-.;? '^ ?;;,': ?';:^::;;'- 7. °:.L': ],Mi.~ , '' A good many are on .good \goV, and some; only making wages. : '' As much, as 108 ;. ozs.' havo '.been1 go t'in-throb'.fia^ party «ot 55 ozs. in eleven days. The sample of gold is very good ; £3 10s. is advanced on it, but it assays £4 0s. 6d. Some parties, on the left hand branch ha^o got as hiefhas 6 oz. pieces. The gold towards tho fiend . of 'the river is^the coarsest. The country has every 'appearance of being a uhe reefing country, but at preeeiitiio one bothers with them. .??' ?:; v' No ;person:oug_lit .to start without lie has four months' provisions 'with' him, and he must have horses to carry them. We came down in six days, and most of 'the party had nothing to eat for ; three days; ;' \WIien we started there were about 200 ..'.leaving out of the1' 500 supposed to be there, and most of tho othor 300 Are waiting until the last moment, trying. to Ket,all they can ?before the wot weather sets in, when they intend leaving. Of the 200 many have not a pound of flour; in fact I do not know how 'they; '....will get' down. ?. Dysentery sBeiris to be the only sickness at presont there, of which throe men died, and two were wounded by the blaoka, -and -about ten horses speared. One man was speared -in the thi»h on the opposite side of the Endeav.or .the day before. we got down. ? % ..;? r r; — ' Before dosing lot me again caution men riot .to start ?\int!l.ftftor1 the wet season, without they can -take horses and four months' provisions, and well armed-; for so sure iis they do they will share tho same fate as' wo havo. Next season will be time enough ; for' I' fiilly b'eliovb the gold country is the best ever opened up this side of Victoria, and will be capable of .support ing twenty thousand people, — ?? ? ^H.H.' . ' Tall' Scoring;— -By the last mail news of a grand cricket-match between Sussex and Gloucestershire was received.' The latter county went in first and scored 424— tho highest ob tained by any one eleven during the season.. The top-scorer (Townsend) made 136 without giving the ghost -of .-a chance. Messrs. E. M. Grace, W. Gi' Grace, G. Hal ford, E. Taylor, and R. F. Miles scored 73, '51, 42, 30, and 30 respec tively. Sussex, by dint of. good play, succeeded in jnitting together 212 runs, for the loss of five wickets. Cotterill (78), James Lillywliite (47), Sliarii (22), and Charlwood (54, not out) -were tho highest scorers. The match ended in a draw ; had it been played out ifc .bid fair tobo one of the tincat. on record, ,v...THH.-...SpA9iSH.J'-E.BruBj/io.-;.-Tr-jSenpr.,-3a8telar.. WllOireIooted-FreBirUmt-of_tha.qoi-.toB,.j-.ftorjlia.v=. ing thitnkod tho House'for thohoh'or conferred upon him . went on .to isay .: — :Tho troubles, and difficulties of the country are increasing, aiid the public peril is greater ihanovor-; these are tho reasons which induce mo' to accopt the post to which I. have been undeservedly elected. In doing so, however, I am encouraged 'by the' belier that I shall have the support of all parties. Senor Castelar then roininded the Deputies that in tho days -when they wore -'Struggling for the Republic ...nil Republicans wore united. They only became divided after the victory 'had been achieved. He continued';:— Tho explanation of this is tlmt there is always van ideaL ? 'The Government --and ?tho majority -represent tho reality in all its .sadness :; the ideal is represented by the Opposition. !l «tl vise the 'Gowernme»t to carry on a propaganda keepijig in view the force of right, not t'he..right of force. . In my position as President of the Assonibly I shall not inter fere in any way with the 'liberty .of discussion, hut I sli'all not tolerate personalities. My. policy is contained in tho programme of Senor. Salmeron. W.e have to contiimie tlie .wbilc iofi the Revolution of September, and do not repre sent any single party, but the wholeDemocracy. Senor Castelar th«n drew a brilliant, sketch iof the. history of ?Democracy, .whtch .was ireoaived with loud cheera, and lie continued as follows :- — Since February 11, 'Liberty lias ibeen the ' motto of tlie Republic-; the overthrow of itlie Republic would sign the .death 'warcant of Liberty. Nothing could be more infamous than a generation which, having succeeded in achiev ing Liborby, Sliotild not know iho w -to presoiwo it. '? I am an advocate of federalism, becauso federal-, ism will prevent a dictatorship. But I am desirous above -all of upholding the national unity, and of maintaining the integrity of our country. When great nationalities like Italy and iGermany are .being constituted, it w.onld be an act of madness to undo our own. Wo must entor upon tho path iof practical seilfgovern ment:; wo must respect .all all aspirations, tut, wo require ragioat deal of authority, of order, and government. The Ropublie might disap poar df order were not cansolidated,' for botwoeii anarchy and a diotutorihip, society -avill always choose the latter. 'But if you are .desirous of; seeoing the Ropnblic firmly .established -,w.e must ta ice measures to nave .artier .reapeotou ana -ais- cipline restored. Tn.a word, lit is necessary that all Liberal (parties should sharo not in 'the bit terness .of power, 'but in the duties of publie :ltfe, witich is .to-da.y a life of warfare. 1 pray the Almighty that he may protect us in the endeavors to save Liberty and ..the integrity, -of Spain. 'Senor Caatelar resumed '.his spat amid prolonged 'ohooriiig. —English paper. Education in FaiANaE.'— The stato .of .educa tion in France (soys-tlio ''Pall Mall 'Gazotto'V) is not -presently wery lloniiiahing. 'Thero' ;is no amolioratibri on several preceding years, and in some ^localities the population appears anore steoped in ignorance, .than it ii^sod .to -ba. Ovor . 200,000 t'hildren from '7 to 13 years receive no instruction whatever ; -about -34 per -.cent, .of those who are taught leawe school its igmirani as .boFono thoy -were .sent tliero... .'Twenty-throo' ?young soldiers .out of 100 know noither how to ?read 'nor .w-rita. and;34 married mon and women, ?on the same average, cannot sign their marriage itiot. . Ignorance predominates in Brittany, in .certain departnveiits '.of rthe centre^ .and \thoso adjoining Spain p.na Ilio tMe.diterraueavi. 'Still ' there are as .many as 7-5,000 .primary schools, attended 'by ;5,000,000 -.children, -and '32,000 jSvoRing. .courses, iollowed .by 83Q,000 ladults. How.evoi', the ''budget, -wliioh allows 'only ;55 .centimes per.inliabitant.for education, shows the ?insufficiency -of tho subsidies' -given- '-to fioliool mttsfers, and explains tho disparity between :tho number of .schools and 'the jjoqt results -.they .beget, ' . ' A 'marriage *has ;been; '?' ' solemnised' at Broad ford between -a Chinaman .-and a-youug -girLonly fifteen years of age. Much indignationlmSiUeej) caused thereby in .the .district. ? f The Goelong correspondent of tho ' Argna' n . ports that a largo order was recoived by tho lust mail for Australian preserved moats for tho ufo of Her Majesty's forcoa now engaged in th» Aahantoo War. Tnn Enot.irh at CARTitAaENA.— The corres pondent of tho 'Now York Herald,' writiiig . from Oarthagena, aaya : — When the Victoria and Alnmnsa were captured by the Swiftsurr* and tho German man-of-war Frederick OharlcH, and brought to 'sinchor at Escombroras under tlio guns of tho /ortrossos of rebellious Carthagcui., a small Britiflh. 'gunboat, tho Torch, carrying only four guna, lay within. the port. Prepara tions wore maflo by tho wrotohod rebels to reenp turo tho Victoria and 'Almansa; tho Mondt^j Nrmez, Numancia, Tetuan, and Fernando cl Gatholieo had their steam up, and tho men wero all prepared to launch out. The Torch slipped out. of the port mid wont for orders to Captain Ward of the Swiftsure. Soon after her went ft. boat from the Numancia, bearing a threat from Oontreras that the first foreign ship thatfinterod tho harbor would be fired tipon. . Captain Ward gave the commander of the little Torch a letter carrying a coun tor- threat, that if the rebels firod on any foreign vessel he would bombard tho town, arid this message was to be taken to tho Junta. The Torch prepared for action: Ji'er four- guns wore cast loose, flnd she steamed . boldly up. the harbor, making straight for tho Nnniancia (which had hor steam up) and looking : as;ifJBh'o meant to run.- her. down, . On coming alonjwsido, the captain ran up the aide of the tall ironclad, and ns ho stepped on board was greetod with cries of ' Cut him down' 1 ' Death to the foreigner' 1 and so forth. But he turned coolly round and told his lieutenant to signal to tho Swiftsure for orders as to what should bo dono if the Numancia fired upon *ho Torch. Tho answer was immediately seen at the masthead of the Swiftsure ; it was ' Board' 1 A crew of 120 mon, all told, were to board the Numancia with her crow of 600 ! The commander of the Torch, ?after telling the captain of the Numan.cia what .Captain Ward's intentions were, asked him what ho meant by having ateam up ; to which tho 'pale-faced rebel stammering replied that it was for the purpose of moving nearer to the city. The British commander took off his cap, waved an adieu; and having gone back to the Torch, stoamed farther in. ' Then, -manning his boat, ho was rowed nshore, -and mot there an excited orowd, collected to do him violenos. But ho was no more daunted by the flewo looks of tha people than by the ironclad. As he passed' ' among them he politely took .off. his cap, and, . having delivered his senior's letter to the Junta, went back to tho Torch, and then steamed to \ the. Swiftstireto report. . Power of Solar Heat. — During the recent ' . building of a bridge.in Holland (says the ' Iron') ono of the. traverses, 465 foot long, was mis-/ ?placed on the supports. It was an inch out of line, and the problem was how to move it. Ex-. ?''?'' periment proyod that the ii;on work expanded a small fraction of an inch for every degree of heat : it received. It was noticed' that, the day and night temperature differed by about 25 degrees, and it was-thought that this might be' made to move the bridge. In the morning the end out of place was bolted down securely, and tlie .other end left free. In the heat of the sun the iron, expanded,' and towards night the free end. waa bolted down, and the opposite end was loosened. The contraction then .dragged the whole thing the. other way. For two days the .experiment was repeated iill the desired place: was reached. We iind no record .that tho heat of the su» has ever been ?employed in this, way -before, . !Tite Man Who . is Satisfied with -thb .Weather. — Wo never Icnew more than one man Vvho was perfectly satisfied with the weather at all times and under all .circumstance. It ,waB Chnb;b; , In tho summer, .when the thermometer1 ? . . ^oltodsriip^ambnb^^ ? 'come't't6;+ho -front-floor-- witK'boftUB.otporspira^^^-:;-;., tirin ijtandinpf out all ov.er his red faoe until his head looked like a.rasp'berry, and would look at ' ' ' the.sky arid say, 'Splendid— perfectly splendid? , . ? Noble weather for the poor and for ,the ice com- , ''.'.. panies and the washerwoman ! Th«y don't shake '. up any such climate as this in Italy. -Gimma my lumbreller, BTarriet,' while I sit out yer on. the -stops and enjoy /it.' In 'tho winter -when the ;morcury would creep down 15 .degrees ibelow zero, and the cold was severe enough to.-freeze the inside of Vesuvius sblid.tp the centre of the globe, Chubb would sit out on a fence and ox claim, ?' By .Jingo ! did you .ever ?see fiuch. weather as this I I like an a*mosphere that freezes up your very -marrer. It lielps the coal trade and keeps the snakes quiet. Don't talk of summer time to me. -3imme-361d, arid give it to me stiff.' When there was a'drought, Chubb used to meet »s -in the street and remark, ' No . rain yet, I see ! Magnificent, isn*t it ? I want my weather dry ; I want If yritli the dampness left out. 'Moisture breeds fever and ague, and -wets your clothes. If there's .anything I despise its to carry an umbreller. No rain forme, if you please.',' When -it- rained (for a -week and swam.ped'Oie cmintry, Chubb often dropped iu - tof'St-e -us, and to observe, '' I dunno 'how you feel a'bout iliis yer rain, (but it allus seems -tome that the 'heavens, never .drop no blessings) but when we get a long wet spell: It iriakes the cora jump, and cleans the sewers. I wouldn''it .give a cert to live in a climate Where there was no -rain. Put me on the Nile an&M;'-d die in e week. :Soak me -tlirough and through to the inside of my --,. undershirt, and -I .feel aa if life was bright .and beautiful, :aml sorrer nothing but -nonsense.* Chubb was -always happy in a thunderstorm.. He.- would say, ' Put me in a thundorstorm and let the lightriin' play ;around me .and I'lnut home. I'd rather liavo .one storm that would ?'?? itear the inside ont.of the continent than a dozen of yer little drib'bliri' wateriri'-pot showera. If it cau't have a rippiri' -and roariri' storm, I don'-t want none..'' 'We want Chubb elected Piesiderit. He is the only man in -the universe who don'i growl -at the weather, and 'he ought to havo gloxy and honour. — ' American Papeu;,' America.— '? Via 'Honolulu we liave news !frora California. to 'the 7th October. Admiral 'Win slow idied -at iBoston, on *he 29th Septemiber.. 'To him more than to any other man is due the credit of having dealt .a death blow tto the -rebel j\aval forces in June, 1864, in the memorable) engagement between the Kearsargo and the Alabama in the English 'Channel. He liad ..tifackod iiliis scourgeof .tho-Beasfeom^portto pout till he found her in Cherbourg harbor. 'Thora 'heveont a diallengo-to Semmos, the .oommandcr .of the Alabama, ito come out -and- meet him .on tho liigli .seaa^ ' ^Semmes .too'k five days to pre jiare for tho .engagement, and as -aoon as she appearod in the offing -whero :Gaptain Winslow had 'heon waiting, ;the two ships .closed an action, ?and nifter :a few ihours ithe Alabama was «urik with many of her offioors.and men. . 'Forthisiex ?ploit Congress awarded to .Captain Winslow,, liia officers and imen, as prieemoney, the .value of itho rebel -oraft, which .was ;owor -200;000. dollars, ,an«l ? also voted ihim the ithanks of the American .poo pie. 'The .popularity .of -tliis naval liero was .very fceat, 'W-herever -he went through the (United tates. In June, 1865, at a public meeting at ' ? the Academy .of Music in Brooklyn, Captain Winslow entered .the 'house as ;a .spectator. As 90011 ias 'lie was ?recognised ^t.he audience iburst out with cheers, Which 'wore prolonged -or.se,vo- xal iminutea. 'The .gallant !hero isoomod (to ^be ta'kon entirely by stirprise, and when 'the. oheor- ing -was ended, :simply irose from his seat and ; thanked itho audionco. W.hon ,l\p died .ho ,w,as 62 years iof age. ..'... Wabninq to -Con«ndrum Makeu8.— ^Thorap- ? son is not going to do any thing more in cpaun drums. SHe iraeentlyiasked ilustwife. the differ-' ienoe 'between his head iand a 'hogshead, '.and she' '- '. said (there was nou«. 'He .says , that ,U Jipt il^fi ?right .answer.. ''' ' ' 