I rJTRRATÜRE. The Magazines. THE latest numbers of British, periodicals brought bj the mail, contain many tboughtf u articles, in which muck useful and interesting information will be found by the reader. Ai we might naturally expect, the CONTEMPORARY REVIEW occupies a conspicuous position it British serial literature, both on account of thc advanced views which ib propagates, and th« depth and semi-scientific character of it¡ thinking, lt is truly catholic in its-aims, anc nowise straitlaced, and hence, often contai s first-rate articles on both sides of disputée questions. As an illustration, we might i-ei'e¡ to what may be termed tbe Prayer Controversy in connection witb which both sides had an opportunity of expounding and supporting their views. The latest number has a variety of highly thoughtful articles, which wc would strongly advise our readers to peruse. Dr. Carpenter's article on the "Physical Condition of Inland Seas" is full of information interest ing to students of physical geography ; and Mr. Peter Bayne discourses in his own style OB Milton, displaying in his paper those advanced notions of the possibilities of the future, which are now held by many of the great thinkers of the time. The notion of a bottomless abyss, the region of punishment, into which nine tertths of the human race are to be thrust, and in which they are to dwell everlastingly, subject to some kind of inexpressible torture, is so revolting to the human mind, that it is now beginning to be rejected by the ablest minds of the time, as a mere figment or myth of past ages. Yet, take away this notion, and you destroy the base of Milton's great epic, of Dante's " Inferno," and of a world of other poetry and speculation. Whilst discussing this topic, Mr. Bayne says : But it is a circumstance of fatal import thnt the triumph of Christ, as depicted by Milton, is mainly in a neto llewen and earth, the present heaven and earth having been burnt up And as salvation is mainly future, so there is a state of dam nation ot which, in theeoncliiding portions of his poem, Milton says little, but which, ns realised for us in the hell of the earlier hooks, is of supreme importance. Take the delinea tions of hell ont of .* Paradise Lost." «nd tho whole work will collapse. Into the greatest pown nf Protestantism, as into the greatest poem of Catholicism, enters the unutterable horror which, for nearly two thousand years, has sat as a nightmare on the breast if Christendom. Neither in Homer nor In Shakespeare have we anything corresponding to tho Dautexque 'or Miltonic hell. Afar, on the dawning rim of European civilization-written as on the golden bars of morn ing-are the Homeric poems. In modern times, representing all that western civilisation has felt, thought, and hoped for, we have the works of Shatcespeare. It ls man as he ls, man on his green world, with Its summer showers and its wintry blasts, its trees thar, flush ruddy and white with blossom to be smitten into fruitlessness by thé east wind, its gloamings of beauty at morning and evening with long grey hours ot toil between, that forms the subject of both. In both there is the shadow. Homer knows of Hades and Its pallid, melancholy ghosts. Shakespeare ls for ever wondering and pondering over the secrets of sorrow and of evil, of the night and of the grave ; and between and amid the ripplings of his infinite laughter, there are snatches of tenderest wail. But neither in Homer nor in Shakespeare is there anything corresponding to tim Dantesque or Miltonio bell. The sad lonkn of the Greeks towards the future ls essentially the cloud on the fueu ot' the happy child at the thought of being seat to bed, attesting and measuring his present joy. A prison-house of the universe, in which ingenious, exquisite, elaborate torture is inflicted to all eternity, whether as described In revolting and'grotesque detail by Dante, or in more sublime, but not less appalling, imagery, by Milton, is so monstrous a concep tion, that we may doubt whether works, of which lt forms an interesting part, will be permanently enshrined among the household treasures of mankind. We do not endorse the thought expressed in the last sentence of the preceding extract, because we see no reason to doubt the perma nency of Milton's fame, even should men cease to believe in the real existence of the burning lake, and fearful tortures, which he has so graphically described. The EDINBURGH REVIEW contains an article on the " Trevelyan Papera," an essay on the " Talmud," a paper on " Recent Events in Af ghanistan." and a number of other articles. To general readers, the most interesting paper m the number is the " Review of Mrs. Grote's Memoir of her Husband," the celebrated histo rian of Greece. The following extract conveys a world of sound wisdom to those ambitions politicians, who are desirous of rectifying at a bound the political grievances of their race, and at the same time serves as a fair sample of the reviewer s style : Thei'Tench Involution in 1830, and the reform movement in England which followed it, rouged this little knot of econo mists and philosophers to some degree of political ambition. Tiley concfivod that tho tim« wa« come when very great changes would be brought about in the constitution of this ooniitry, by dflinoarutlo ascendancy. Th«y Imagined that th«\v hud found in Lord Durham, who was himself elie most imperious and aristocratic ot men, a suitable leader ; and that they would compel the chiefs of the Whig party to carry on the revolution willoh they desirad to efteot. Grote entered Parliament for the city nf London, n choice whiuh he owed niue)) moro to tho universal respect entertained for his cha racter as a ban ker and n man of letters, than to nny sympathy tortile more extreme opinions he muy have entertained in politics. Sir William Molesworth, Ewart, Charles Viller», Mr. Warburton, Boebuck, Charles Buller, Ur. Kalkes Currie, and Mr. Strutt, were the principal ornaments of this seotion (willoh never exueened fifteen or twenty member» of the House of Commons) und they nil regarded Mr. Grote an their ohlef. The- Radical party In tim Parliament of 1031 was undoubtedly more numerous, and ccmsiBted of nearly fllty English and Scotch members. But we aro speaking here of thu more immediate friends and followers of Mr. Grote who did not very willingly associate with men of lesa phi o sophlonl principies, An attempt wail mad« In 1835 tn discip lino th« whole of tho British Itadical party Into what was termed tho " Brigade" by a more regular party organisation, but tho sálleme failed, because O'Connell olid med to join lt, at the head of Iiis Irish band, and the more Bonipulous members of the party declined to uot systematically with him. Por though these distinguished men professed advanced popular and uemooratloopliiionn, they none of them had any personal sympathy 'or acquaintance with the people ; still less bad they any thing in common with the Daniel Whittle Harveys, the Tum Duncombes, und tho Wakleys of the day, Theil' ally Tailor Place, was tho only link between th« Benthamites and the populace of Weslinlnstnr. And MrB. (Jroto huB published a very numbing letter from the late Mr, Joseph Parkes, a sort of runner for the party, who appears to have bol loved that the attitude of tbe country in 1832 and the final passage of tho Kefoivn Bill WUB mainly duo to Ita own iuustlniublo services to Queen street-HQ nure. The philosophical Radicals wero certainly very much at a IOHB for ndhorunts In tho streets when they were reduced to rely ou ouch agents, Butin truth they sought no miali adherents, 'l'hoir own mariners and tastes worn to amati fastidious and relined. They felt and ex pressed the utmost contempt for what they regarded aa the grob» prejudices and ignorances of tho class in whoso uame they fought. They utterly repudiated the doctrines of philanthropy, based on tho old maxims) of Christian charity and kindnesu, holdt '[{them to be mischievous and pernicious tn tho general interests of society; they were disposed to make no concessions to the weakness and infirmities ofhu man nature ; and so far were tliev inmi courting popularity, that the measures they would have recommended tor the improvement of society were ot'a hur»h und uuBymputhising character. PHASER'S MAGAZINE IS unusually interest ing, lt contains amongst other literary no tices, an able review of Syed A meer Ali's Critical Examination of tbe Life and Teach ings of Mahommed." Syed Ameev ? li, though a Mahouiuiedau, is a Barrister of the Middle Temple and a member of the Royal Asiatic Society. His work is commended by the reviewer. We Lave not seen the work, and theref oi*e cari give no opinion on its merits. As far as we are able to judge from thin review of it, -yed Ameer Ali seemingly holds strange opinions on historical subjects. He regards as the three great calamities which have befallen the world, first, the defeat of Xerxes by the Greeks; second, the victory of Charles Martel over the Moors, and third, tbe unsuc cessful siege of Constantinople by the Saracens in the eighth century. Of course he judges of the defeats of che Moors and Saracens tts a Manouimedan, but with respect to the defeat of the great Persian braggart, which he regards as a calamity, we think few even of the most ÜDeral of mankind will agree with him. An article on tho functions of Government in India, is thoughtfully written. There is much truth in the following extract: The ordinary Englishman in India may be taken ns a fail type ot rho natani, und lie is worthy of serious study. . , It is his confidence in himself, Iiis indomitable courage hoth moral aud physioial, his btrict though uar'nw sense ot j UM ice Ins Uogged perseverance, steady innuntrj. and untiring energy that have won and kept the cnin'ry. We have i.one great thing» m India. Wo IIUVP «imquered all resistance. Through nut our Indian dominions PMV mid order reign supreme. Our energy has pierced them with the railway, »nd girdled them with the telegraph. Bplendtd r. ads., magnificent bridges and stately buildings, bear testimony to our material success as rulers ; hut :ho qualities which luve achieved these undeni able great results have not been succesifid in the still more suot.le and delicate lask of assimilating the subject races, of winning their ail'ection and confidence, ruting them in accord ance with their tediums und customs, »voking the.r gratitude ana sympathies, or in bringing the political anet social gulf whioli lies between us and them. Perhaps it would be correct tn nay that tho very qualities which render us Irresistible as cunqutrors render us unable to assimilate the races wo subdue with ourselves. There is something stern mid hurd in the English nature, before which Oriental nutions crumble away and lose all cohesion. And this very liardiie.ii prevents any assimilation atterwurds. liWtuimtely we can point to our most successful Iuuiau servants as a proof that there are many and brilliant exceptions to this lack of imagination which wo have described as a national defect. All tue Englishmen who have acquired great iiillueiice over Asiatics, who have communaetl them successfully in great enterprises, who have brought out all their best, qualities their fidelity, courage, atid endurance huvo buen men who thoroughly understood them, knew their virtues und their failings, entered into their feelings, sympathised with their aspirations, and made allowance tor their prejudices. The system of English education in India, judged by any fair test, must be pronounced u costly failure. Its results ara tn be seen la the shoals of showy, weedy, superficially edu cated youths, whoas a general rule, timi ont indolent, dissi pated men. They abandon ult prejudices of caste, and with them but too frequently all notions of self-restraint and self respect. They ape our manners with ludicrrua effect., and emulate "ur vices with decided success To evoke a precocious Intelligence wnieh never keeps its promise, and to quenuh every spark of native originality and manliness, seem» to be tue general result of our English system ot education. The pliable, plttBtio, receptive liuooo of Bengal eagerly avails him self of this system, partly from a servile wish to please tho Hahib Luye, and partly from a desire to obtain a fi-overnment appointment, the position which nature seems to have specially titted him tor. Politically these people are ciphers, and ueed not be taken into account. No amount of sharpness and intelligence can compensate for the want of moral and physical courage. If we lett India to-morrow, those men would soon be sitting in the offices of our successors, and doing their work with the same pliancy and intelligence with which they now serve us. The classes whom itis most desirable we should enlighten, the men, whom in any crisis would come to the front, ..hose tn whom the mass of tho people look up. and who would become leaders in time of danger, all th. se hold sullenly aloof, and are not to be coay«¿d or cajoled into acquiring un alien hinguupe or learni-'gan alien literature. VViiy ia this! Because, as usual, begin at t he wrong end. Tüere isa good deal of cant uttered in confection with Indian affairs, lt is very desirable that Englishmen should thoroughly realise tba. our Government i« India is * pure despotism, and all that tins implies. Outright to he there 1B simply that of the strongest. Our rula .» India would not last four-itnd- tweuty hourj after the last British soldier was withdrawn. Tho most sanguino «md tar pening statesman cannot forsee a time when it wouJdbe practicable to withdraw from tile country wiihour lending a legacy of bloodshed, rapine, and anarchy to our Ifidiuii feMmv-subjeots And this because we have to deal witfi a continent, not wirha country, with a number of nationalities, not with home. Tim history of Europe proves Conclusively what very littlo effect a com mon religion and ucuiuuion civilisation have in eradicating deeply-rooted national >niti pathiei:: Infinitely moro difficult would it be to reconcile the various peoples nuder our sway in India, where tho fanaticium of rival faiths is added to long standing national enmities. lt is useless, therefore to mould our government and legi«lation with reference to improbable contingencies in the dim mid distant future. The crying need of India ut present i'i ri'Bt-rest from fanciful and costly re form*, and well-meaning lint rash experiments. Our policy should be wisely conservati ve; to deal tenderly with native prejudices; to study carefully native wants and wishes; then changes are necessary to introduce lliein cautiously una grudtiullv ; to resist the growing tendency to subvert and up set, under tho name of improvement ; to give tho greatest amount of personal liberty compatible with our own security; to maintain law and order with a firm hand; to give a char acter of permanency to the spirit of our rule, and consistency to our aims and measures; to prevent, the policy of our Government changing with tho changes of governors or tho oxigenóles of party war faro ; to enlighten tho muss of tho people by vernacular education ; to maintain the balance be tween Income and expenditure, even at the cost of some of that progress which iu more apparent tliun real, and of that development which is of questionable utility. These uro tho true functions ot Government lu ludia. The most noticeable contributions to ST. PAUL sisthe"uwl's S est in the City,''auew tale the commencement of which promises well, and the usual monthly instalment of Mr. Cariup ton. .' The Lay of an Old Pauper, ' by Nr> Eubule Evans, is fairly done into bad rhynie, . fairly expressive of what Ave might expect to . be the style of a, poetic pauper. We have no ' right to expect better potjtry than this from ii, pauper. I don't helluva as I ought, I wivrn't, never neut, to wiliool. And I can't be t.hmikful for nought, i'm such ii poor old lord. Hut I thiiilis>'lii'u they screws mo down ! To huey me "A i ri) tho growns. They'll nay, " There's nomo ? ?' tho town As is wusser norold John Junes I" BELGRAVIA continues " Stranger! and P; grims,' and given the opening of <\- Tew ta entitled » Through Pire and Watc".' by Mr. . Talbot. The most readable u-'H-le m 0 number is called " ReuiiniHcon'es of CnarJ Phillips," "who created Buch a profound sensa tion by his " Defence of Oourvoisier," the murderer of Lord William Russell, lt ap pears that the outcry which was raised in the jiewspapers at the time of the trial against Mr. Phillips was wholly unwarranted. Time, however, brings its revenges, and here is one of them; Phillips hud defended OonrvlBier, the murderer of Lord William Bussell ; and during the course of the trial, rh« priBimor, taking his counsel aside, J oonlessed to him hisguiit. phillips was horror-struck, and on the point of throwing up his M'ief ; but he consulted Huron Parke, who sat on tho bench beside the judge who wis trying tho uase, a»d oy him ho waa advised to proceed with thu defence as if nothing had happened. The gravamen of the charge mudo by the Examiner was, that iii«counsel, having this e uilessioti in Iiis pocket, made a solemn appeal to heaven to witnpss his belie! in thu prisoner's innocence, aud thut he endeavoured to throw the blame ol tho murder upon the innocent female servants. Having carefully examined the faots, I nm hound to stute that there is no ground whatever for any such charge. I have seen a pamphlet which contains letters fruin many of the counsel who were then present, poB'tively stating that nothing of the kind oc curred j und I give a" extract from ono written by Mr Samuel Warren, in which he thus dispose» of the subject: "I was dining," writes Mr. Warren," " som« time ugo with Lord Denman, when I meiition«d to bini the serioun ciiarge against you. which Had recently been revived hy the Examiner, His lordship im mediately stated that he had enquired Into the matter, and found the charge to he utterly unfounded ; that he had spoken on the subject to Mr. Baron Parke- who satonthe bench beside Chiel Justice Tyndal, who trien the caBO-anil that Baron Parke fold him he hud, for reasons of his own, curelully watched every word you uttered ; and assured Lord Denman thut your address wus perfectly unex ceptionable, and that you made no such statement ns that which was subsequently attributed tn you. The charge of having eimeavoured to oast suspicion upon the femalo ser vants is as easily disposed of. Phillip's oross- examiuutiou of these Bervnnts took place on Wednesday, and it was not until the evening of the following day Courvoisier admitted to him his guilt." GOOD WORDS continues the serials, now running their course in it, and gives a number of other articles, amongst which there is the commencement of an able sketch of the late Sir Henry Durand, written by Mr. George Smith, the editor of the Friend of India. The number is of average merit. The ENGLISHWOMAN'S REVIEW contains a mass of information on the woman's rights question, and on other subjects related to it. The review opens with an appreciative notice of the late John Stuart Mill, and has interes-ing articles on the " History of the Married Women's Property Bill, ' and on wages of females at home and abroad, in addition to reviews of books, comments on the Events of the Quarter, and on a variety of miscellaneous subjects. The work is fairly written, carefully edited, and nicely printed, anc will doubtless command, extensive circulation. It occupies a position in our serial literature which is peculiarly its own. 