miscellaneous exerpts. A Remarkable "Weddiso.—On Thursday, Novem ber 29, St. James's Piccadilly, was the scene of a marriage which is creating no small stir in the west end. The bridegroom is a wealthy merchant, a mem ber of the Reform and Brooks's Clubs, and representa tive in Parliament of the borough of Bridport. The bride is a young lady (if great personal attractions who lias for some time tilled the useful position of barmaid at a tavern in Jennyn-strcet. She is the daughter of the hall porter at the Puke of Leinstcr's mansion in Carlton house-terrace. Till Thursday the sexagenarian M.P. had rejoiced in bachelorhood. It is said that he was induced to change liis condition through events which followed a casual visit to the house where the lady officiated at the bar. The attentions then given, and the coinmisseration shown in a temporary illness that required a stimulant, so won the hon. gentle man's heart that he sought and obtained the lady's hand with the consent of her astonished parent. In addition to the. position to which the lady now ottained, she will have, so runs the rumour, a settle ment of £10,000. The ceremony was performed by special license shortly after 8 o'clock in the morning, the early hour having been chosen in order to avoid the crowd which always attends a mid-day wedding at a West-end church. As an additional precaution, the venue also was changed at the last moment, as it had been found one morning last week, when it was ex pected the ceremony would be performed at St. George's, Hanover-square, that the church wr? half filled with barmaids. The " best man " was the bride groom's medical attondant. There were no brides maids. The bridegroom is Mr. T. A. Mitchell, and the bride, Miss Eleanor Brasier. A Landslip — The Maryborough Chronicle de fscribes the following landslip which occurred recently: —" The men in charge of the pilot establishment had, after seeing that the boats were all secure, gone to bed. Soon after, one of them was startled by a lamp which hung at the ridge-pole of the tent falling. He immediately jumped out of bed, and felt the ground moving under his feet. On rushing out of the tent he caw his two mates struggling in the water, and soon after the tent disappeared. It was with great diffi culty and much exertion that the men who were in the water got out; and when at length they reached firm ground, high waves were rolling over the spot where their tents had stood. "When morning dawned they found that their boats, tents, &c.;, had all been swept away, and that the largest vessel could sail over their resting-places of the night before. They say that fully a quarter of a mile of the Point was under water. Since then the two boats have been found some twenty miles from where they were moored, but we understand the poor men have lost all their clothing, &c.;" A Ghost in a Station-iiotjbe.—Fow positions in life can be imagined more disagreeable than that of , being imprisoned in a haunted cell in a police-station. The New Orleans Times tells a most unpleasant story of a ghost-infested cell in the Fourth Precinct police station in that city. It appears that several years ago " a little old woman " committed suicide by hanging herself in this cell, and since that event no fewer than thirteen persons have attempted to destro3r themselves in a similar manner, four of these attempts being attended with fatal rosults. One of those lately cut down before life was extinct was a girl named Mary Taylor, who, on recovering consciousness, declared that while lying on the floor of the cell she was aroused by a little old white woman, dressed in a faded calico dress, "with brown jeans and josey," no stockings, and down-trodden slippers, with a faded handkerchief tied round her head. Her faded dress was bound with a sort of reddish-brown tape, and her hand was long, faded, and wrinkled, while on the fourth finger of her left bond was a plain thin pold rin#. " The little old woman," said the girl, "beckoned to mo to get up, and impelled me by some mysterious power to tear my dress in strips, place one end of a strip round my neck, and tie the other to the bars. I lifted my feet from the floor, and fell. I thought I was choking, a thou sand lights seemed to flash before my eyes, and I forgot all until I found mysolf in the room with the doctors and police bending over me. It was not until then I really comprehended what I had done, and was, I believe, under a kind of tranco or influence at the time over which I had no control." Mary Taylor had never heard of the suicide of Ann Murphy, whoso appearance, according to the police, exactly tallied with the description given by the girl. Others having complained in like manner of the ghostly occupant of the colli tho police, to test the real facts of the case, placed a night lodger who had but just arrived in the city in this cheerful apartment. Being thoroughly tired and worn out, lie fell asleep immediately, but shortly afterwards rushed into the office in a state of terriblo alarm; He, too, had been visited by the little old woman, and wisely declined to sleep another hour in.the station. Tj*e National Rate or Interest. — We have ofien asked why tho English people fixed upon 5 per cent as the national rate of interest, the just reutal for money, than which any higher demand was extor tionato and wrong, and have at last found an answer, at least apparently good. It will, we believe, bo found that for many years before and after the passing of tho great Usury statute (1714) land yieldod on the average about 5 per cent. The landlords who then ruled the Houses thought, therefore, that flvo was the proper maximum rate of interest, it being highly improper that money, which, as thoy wore accustomed to say, " could neither beget nor breed," should yield more than-land, which in the nature of things was anuually productive. It is a curious fact, known to most journalists, though to few of tbo public, that this theory is still entertained by men ablo to spend monoy and time on pamphlets in its dcfenco; and that thero are some hundroda of men in London who hold the demand for largo interost, irrcspectivo of all controlling circumstances, morally as wicked as theft. Their ground whon hard pushed is always twofold— that monoy canuot breed, which isamero misstate ment of terms: and that Moses prohibited usury, which ho did not do, except within tho nation ho desired to mako puroly agricultural.— Spcdator. Extraordinary Storm. — A most extraordinary storm passed over Castlcmaino and neighbourhood veBterdav afternoon, and proved uno of tho most destructive which lias occurred for a vory long timo. f hortly after 10 o'clock tho low rumbling of thunder j ve warning of an approaching storm, which subso i lenlly cium; up from tho weat, passing over the town about 11 o'clock, the lightning being very vivid and the thunder extremely loud. During the continuance of this storm not a drop of rain fell, but it only proved a precursor to the heavier storm which followed some three hours later. At noon the slcy was almost cloud less, the sun shining with groat intensity. About half-past 2 tho sec-pud storm gradually came up, the wind being W.N.W., the loud booming of the thunder announcing its progress; suddenly a smart shower of rain fell, winch quickly changed to hailstones of rather largo dimensions, some of them being the size of ordinary marbles. After a lull of about half-an liouv, the third storm set in with redoubled force, the hailstones collecting oil tho ground in heaps, changing the sccno from summer to winter in a very few minutes, then followod pieces of ice, or what appeared as such, of all shapes, some round, some spiked, but all containing within them a hollow in the centre filled with snow. Some of tho pieces were by no meaus light, as some who were anxious in the matter had the curiosity to weigh a few, and found that four weighed no less than 2£oz. During the downfall of this shower the leaves of treos were cut olF, and the ground was quickly strewed with foliage, cut ofT as cleanly as with a knife. In orchards and vineyards great damage has been done—the grapes being cut off and strewed about in profusion, while the ripe fruit on the trees was scattered in all directions—the trees in fact being completely denuded of foliage and fruit. Some gardeners in the neighbourhood have completely lost all the produce of their vineries. After the shower the wind veered round to the east, and appeared to be driving the clouds in a very wide circle, having Mount Alexander for its central point. —AT. A. Mail, Feb. 10. Tiib Chillingham Cattle.—There arc four herds of wild cattle in the United Kingdom—namely, thoso of Lord Tankerville, at Chillingham ; thoso belonging to tho Duke of Hamilton ; tlio.se belonging to Lord Ferrers, at Chartley ; and thoso in Mr. Leigh's park at Lyme, in Cheshire. Yet, I may venture to say the Chillingham herd is the only pure breed, as the in vestigations of Darwin and ltutemeyer, the eminent Swiss naturalist seem to prove. Some years ago, the skeletons of a bull and cow were sent Co M. Rute meyer from each of the herds I have mentioned. On careful examination, his opinion was that while there was evidence of attempted improvement, and con sequent degeneracy in threo of the herds, tliero was no such evidence as regards the Chillingham herd ; and therefore he came to the conclusion that the Chillingham cattle were the purest in existence. This conclusion is easily accounted for by the simple fact that the wild cattle at Chilliiigham have been left to theoperation of natural, and not artificial laws ; honce their present vigorous condition. A fact worthy of mention is that tho bull which His ltoyal Highness tho Prince of Wales shot last week was the finest specimen of his tribe which has been seen in Chilling ham Park for at least a generation. And, as the qualifications of His Royal Highness as a marksman are well known, I may mention that there have been only two occasions, within the period named, of a bull having been killed at the first shot, though not at so long a range as 70 yartls, at which distance the Prince of Wftlea allot tho King of the herd.— -Jacob Wilson. 