ST. PATRICK IN BATHURST. The cities of Goulburn ;md Bathurst are great centres of Romisli power in the interior. It. seems to he the purpose of the Romish Bishops, in both places, to bring the population so much under their power that in course of time they will be able to do anything. What with cathe drals, colleges, convents, and schools, they have certainly laid broad and deep their xouiiUbt viouh . lui. biiuuvfijuviiu pi y and one cannot but see that with a Romish Attorney-General in place, and a Govern ment ready to play into thehands of theparby which keeps them in power, they are making as far as possible their hay while the sun is shining. We fully expect that, notwith standing the " ancient principles of Mr. Parkt-s," he will see occasion to gratify the church— by thwarting the desire of tlie people of Bathurst, in the matter of a site for a Public School. Bathurst and Goulburn have been. vieing with each other as to which would honor St. Patrick most. In another column we have shown what occurred in Goulburn, and we have drawn our conclusions from the facts and premises furnished, which, we believe, tell with a force beyond that of mere reasoning, that Romanists are, or would be, if the opportunity were given them, as seditious and treasonable as ever, and that the " unchangeable church " is as unchangeable as ever, in this respect, thatit is as far from the truth of Christ as ever. Under the name of " religion," and on pi'etence of doing honor to a saint in heaven, the Queen was insulted, the liberty which our British institutions con fer was abused, the loyalty of the peaceful inhabitants of Goulbum was shamed, the bloody passions and murdering exploits of Irishmen in one of the worst periods of Irish history were praised, and, with the fumes of wine and the kindling of Romish hatred of their Protestant fellow-citizens, in the very presence of the bishop and clergy, the audience broke out into a riot of drunken and violent strife ! Now, for further lessons on the character and sj:>irit of the Romish religion and the Romisli Church, let us see what occurred at Bathurst, in "honor of the saint" — the demigod of Ireland "St. Patrick's Night, 1878. Monday, 17tli March. grand amateur MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC ENTERTAINMENT, in the ROMAN CATHOLIC schoolroom, in aid of LIGHTING THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL WITH GAS, When will he presented tlie serio-comic Drama, THE SPECTRE BRIDEGROOM, or, a ghost in spite 01' himself. To he followed by A MUSICAL INTERLUDE. Tho whole to conclude with the screaming fare# DONE ON BOTH SIDES. Tickets may he had at all the stationers. Doors open at half-past Seven, performance to commence at Eight o'clock. Front Scats, 3s. ; Back Seats, 2s. 11\. J. J. RYAN, Hon. Sec. T. J. ALLMAN, Stage Manager. " Now, let our readers remember that this is a true copy of a handbill which was distributed through the town of Bathurst, and was duly advertised in the papers, with a view to rose and concentrate " the religious feelings " of the Irishmen there. This was the proposal of the " authorities of the church " for the pur pose of doing honor to their " saint !" The Bathurst bishop and clergy were parties to it, and must have consented, as the "benefit" was in aid of the bishop's cathedral ; and we do not doubt that if the bishop did not grace tlie entertainment, at least several of the clergy and leading authorities did. Well, how was St. Patrick honoured at Bathurst 1 In the first place , by mass and prayers, in the morning, when " the church thanked God " for the gift of St. Patrick, and asked, that the faithful might all be made like him in his piety and holiness ; and when St. Patrick himself was solemnly prayed to, that, through his great merits, and his power and influence in heaven, he would secure for the faithful special grace and blessing ! In the second place, those who had been eating the flesh and blood, the soul and divinity of Jesus Christ, in the morning, and had been praying for the light, .piety, . and holiness of St. Patrick, and had been addressing St. Patrick himself, " Orapro nobis," went in the evening, in honor of the saint, to a musical and dramatic enter tainment, to an extempore theatre got up in the Romisli Scliool-rooni, to see enacted the " serio-comic drama of the Spectre Bridegroom, or a ghost in spite of him-.' seif!" The junction of " ora pro nobis," addressed to St. Patrick in heaven, and the seeing of a " Spectre Bridegroom," in his honor, is .very edifying, and higly cal culated to promote in the sight-seers the piety and holiness of the heavenly saint ! Such is Romanism, however ; and the poor people are edified and fed by such sensuous rubbish. But. there was more than this. After a musical interlude of Irish pieces- — of course, " St. Patrick's day in the morning " — -the religion and piety of the audience, in imitation of St. Patrick, was promoted by the " screaming farce," " Done on both sides !" Whether it was UiJU laiUG IrililU VI UI1U UllUlUHU-mg audience, or the priests up their sleeves because of their success, we do not know ; but the farce was exceedingly appropriate, as descriptive of the poor people who had paid their money for the purpose of doing honor to the saint, and getting some of his virtue and holiness in return I " Done," yes, " done on both sides they are " — they are. Pirst, cheated out of their money, and then, mocked with such abomination in the name of religion. The poor people expect their money's worth, in the shape of favour with St. Patrick, for doing him honor. They expect their money's worth, in the shape of piety and holiness, freedom from purgatory, and admission into heaven ; but they are "done on both sides," for they get no such thing for their money ; and what they do get is as incapable of producing holiness and piety as false religion is incapable of pro ducing the fruits of time religion. We sympathize with the stupids who ave "done on both sides" without knowing it. But, in the third place, tliiB theatrical exhibition of ghosts and bridegrooms, and " cheated on both sides," was undertaken on St. Patrick's night, in "honor of the saint," and in " aid of lighting the Romish Cathedral with gas V' If this does not prove that the church has always an eye to money and profit, nothing will prove it. Each person was requested to pay three shillings and two shillings for the " scream ing farce," in order that out of the proceeds the Cathedral might be lighted with gas ! Are blessed candles, then, to be dispensed with, that gas may be used 1 How funny, how appropriate, how suitable that the light which is to shine in the Romish Cathedral is to be procured out of the pro ceeds of a theatrical display of " Spectre Bridegrooms," and a " screaming farce " — " Done on both sides "—which had been played, in honor of St. Patrick ! If the light which is in the Romish .Cathedral be thus darkness, how great is that darkness ! 