Bushranger Shot Dead (From the lfaitland Mercury.) THE IKQUEST. The body of the unfortnnata man lay in a stable at the rear of the conrt house, Muswellurook, from Sun day till Tuesday afternoon, when it was removed in a coffia. and intcrnd in the Church cf England burial ground. Thnre bnd Ik en a violeat thunderstorm on SatnrdHy nieht, with vivid flashes of lightning and to ihit circninttnuce was ascribed the advanced state of aecompoeiuon toot u a set in. j ne j eat u res were tear fully iffollen and diefi ured, so much bo that it vrai almost irujiosfilil.) to r«coguise them as belonging to tbe man JohuFtjn, wlio a short time ago mis -n the full eni'ytnent of health and life; but, as will be seen from the testimony adduced at the inquest, and given lielnw, hw identiiy was established beyond question ; and it will 'alsn be teen that there can now be uo doubt \- hat he was the s-me individul upon whom suspicion rested as huviup committed the Reries of depredations with which our readers are already nrquaiuted. Air. T. W. Peorse, coroner, proceeded to Hucwe'l brook by first train on Tuesday morning, and bed an inqneet in tho court-bouse on the body. Wv. Superintendent M-risset wjw present and con ducted the examination of the witnesses. i'he coroner and jurymen having viewed the body, the following evidence was t*ken : — George Thompson deposed : I am sergeant in the police force of New South Wale?, stationed at Mus- i wellbroolc. I have seen a dead body within the precincts ; of the court which I have iecoguiscd as that of John ; Johnston. I am aware that a warrant was fou»-i for his apprehension, which I produce. I know Johnston ten years ago I'he body of the man I Bllude to is that of thu man for whose apprehension a warrant had been ' iseucd. In consequence of information I had received, ' I went to Wybong Creek, in company with mounted ! irooper Sweeney. We were joined by constable j Rutherford, and proceeded to Wybong Creek, where j Johnston was supposed to be. We then went to Sandy - Creek, to the residence of a man named Donnewnld, and j on arriving there I c-utioued the others to be very care ful, aB .lobnBton was supposed to have firearms in bis poEWEftion. On our arrival tbere we fonnd ; that Johnston hud left about half an Iiour before, and gone to a place called Double i-Jul'y about four mi'es distant. \Vhen we arrived at Double Gully, we saw a home with a eoddlo and bridle on, lied up to a fence nenr a house. This house is situated in a guily ut tbe foot of a hill. If we had followed the rood straight np to tbe house Johnston could have seen us comin-r, and I therefore ordnred the men to dismount and tie their horses up. This was abtnt sixty ortevesiy yards from tbe house. IFc then ran up to the house, und constable Rutherford called out ' man, man.' f then saw Johnston running away across the cu t'va'.ioa paddock. Behind this paddock IB n high steep mountain, towards which Johnston was making. Kutherford called out ' Surrender, Johnston, and throw up your hands ' We knew he had had fire arms. Kutlierford fired, but Johnston still kept run- , ning on, anrl we were running after him. Constable ; Bntherford fired three or fuur shots after Johnston. I Johnston iumned into the cultivation D.iddock. rnnninc ' towards the mountain, i-.wi-caey turned back to get the horeea, and a jouue man named Bracbenreg lode up j 1 to me. I took his horse from him and rode up the j paddock, with the intention of heading Johnston ! back. When JounBtou saw this he camo running ] towards mo. He was about eighty or ninety yards I from me at the time. I jumped off the bone and ran I towards him, calling on him trreral times to surrender. He then turned back from me :.nd ran in the direction of the mountain. Another shot was then fired, and I saw Johnston fall forward on his face, with his hands j extended. He jumped up again, and made one step : forward. At this time I was about twenty yards from ' him, and running towards him. He again fell with his j knees and elbows resting on the ground. By this time | I had come up to within five yards of him He was I leaning on his left elbow and knee, and was fumbling I about bis side with his right hand, as if searching abont for a revolver. I said to him, ' Johnston, if you : attempt to move your hands I'll fire.' He lifted up his head, looked nt me for a moment, and said. ' Thomn son, I'm Eorry.' These were the last words he spoke. We examined his body, and found a bullet mark on his right hip, but there was no blood on him. We then carried him to tho hut I cannot swear he was alive when we took him to tbe hut. I produce a portrait of the deceased, which was taken in Parramatta gaol. It answered to Johnston'edescnptiouin every respect I left immediately for a doctor. Ilitd seen in the Police Gasttte that two horses were stolen from Mr. Danger's on the ! 17th July last ; that on the 20th July Johnston had ; ?resented a revolver at constable Bowden at West Mait land ; that on the 29th July he stuck-up the Rev. Fetrick Finn, and robbed him of a horse and saddle and bridle ; that on the 22nd he stnek-up a boy named Willard, from whom he took a horso, saddle, and j bridle, t here was a horso, saddle, and bridle at the hut The paddle and bridle have eince b«en identified as thono ! that had been taken from the £cv. Father Finn. John- \ Bton was a smart active man. I am oertain be would j never have been taken alive. He was getting away ' from the police, and dodging them when he was Btaot. ' Tbe paddock was surrounded by mountains. ! By the Coroner : I do not know of my own knowledge that Johnston carried firearms. When he fell and put - his hands behind his back, I imagined that he was feel- . ing for firearms to make an assault on the police. i By the jury : The horse he had has not yet been identified | James Kutherford doposed : 1 am a constable of tbe police force, stationed at Merriwa. On the night of the 15th instant, acting on information I had received, . I camped on the Wybong. I had heard that a man answering the description was at Donnewald's on the Wybong. I was aware a warrant had been issued. I sent in word to sergeant Ihompson that Johnston was there, and waited there till he arrived, about 1 o'clock next day, when we proceeded to Donnewald's. Under sergeant Thompson's instructions we divided as we went up there We dismounted for fear the man should CBCape on foot. It was difficult to approach without being seen When we got there sergeant Thompson found that the man had escaped and gone over to another place about fonr miles distant, where a son of Donnawald resided [Here witness described the continuance of the chase and corroborated the sergeant's statement.] Ws found on John ston's person a powder flask, which I took ont of his coat pocket when we first picked him up. Ser geant Thompson went for a doctor, and I went for a dray. When I returned I took out of his trousers pockets two sovereigns, two half- sovereigns, two shil lings, and a sixpence, tied in a piece of rag, which I now produce; also a pocket-comb, a pocket-knife, and a 1)0X containing preclusion oapa. uonnston was quite Close to Sweeney when Sweeney called on him to surrender. I believe that if he had got into the ranges oloso by we weuld never have got him again. I have seen the body, it has been under my charge ever since. I only knew him from tha description given of him. I searched hie. body, and found on bun marks that correspond with tbe description accompanying the photograph produced Johnston was 133jpaces from Sweeney when Sweeney fired. We were armed with revolvers. By the jury : The hills to which Johnson was making were not fit for a man to ride up on horseback. They were naarly perpendicular. The valley is in the shape of a horse-shoe, and there is only one way by which access can be gained to it. That was the way we went. Patrick Sweeney deposed : I am a mounted trooper in the police force of New South Wales, stationed at Husweilbrook. About 11 o'clock in tbe forenoon of Saturday last, I went, in company with sergeant Thompson, to arrest a man named John Johnston, charged on a warrant with stealing two horses and two saddles and bridles, the property of Mr. W. J. Dangar, of Singleton. We proceeded to the 'Wybong Creek, and there met constable Rutherford, and then -went te a place called Sandy Gu'ly, to the residence of a man named Donnewald, but we ascertained that the man we wanted had left there about dinner tine. We then went to Uouble Gully, about four miles away. We came to a hut in which a Mrs. Donnewald lives, whose husband (Jacob Donnewaid) is in gaol at Parramatta. When within abont sixty or seventy yards of the house I «aw a horee, with a saddle and bridle on, hung up to a Btump close to the house. Soon afterwards I saw a man coming out of tho kitchen-door I recognised him as John Johnston, the man I wanted. Ho wore leggings, a dark coat, and a black hat with a white turban on it j he had block hair and whiskers. When hs saw us he returned into the house by the back door. I jumped off my horse and got through the fence, pulled ont my revolver, and proceeded down to the house. When I got there I said, *' Johnston, come out and surrender like a nu — Sweeney's onteide.' I got no reply, but immediately after hard sergeant Thompson call out to look out tor the front door. I stepped up to the bock door and saw a man named Lawson standing- in the passage. This man I knew was a companion of Johnston's. I told Lawson if he attempted to stir I'd shoot him. I went to the other end of the housa, looked all round, and saw Johnston running away through the trees in the flat. I fired after him, but did not cover him Be was 400 or 500 yards away at this time I got on my horse and rode after him. I turned acreBS into the left hind Bide of the paddock to prevent him getting away into the bush, and got up in front of where JohnBton was rannine in the paddock. I called on Johnston, and said, ' Johnston, if you don't surrender I'll shoot you; I know you well and you know me —I'm Sweeney the constable.' He made no reply, but ram on in an opposite direction. I rode down to % small fiat and jumped oS the horse as quick as I could. Johnston Bright side was towards me. I covered his thigh with my revolver land fired. I saw him fall, but be got n-- again, stood straight up. and again fell straggling to the gronnd. I ran to kirn, but bfforo I got to himsetyeant fhompson was close up to him. I called out to the sergeant to be careful. When I came np Ispole to Johnston, saying, ' My God, John ston, why didn't you snrrendfr i- ' and alto said that t did not wish to have to Bhoot him. I asked him if I could do anything for him, or bad be anything to Bay to me, bnt he never spoke. I helped to carry him out of the paddock into the hou=e. He died in about a quarter of an hour. I remained with the corpse till it was brought into Muswel!brook. In his vest pocket I fonnd a pocket compass The dis tance I was from him when I fired was 133 yards. When I came up to him I opened up his clothes and ran dered him all the assistance I could I afterwards louna » norse. saddle and bnalc. which were pointed out to me as those that Johnston had brought to tha houss that day The saddle nnd bridle produced tro tho samo. They have been claimed by the Eev. Father Finn, of Murruruudi, and recogniwd by him as the saddle and bridle he was robbed of on Warlands Bangea. I knew Johnston before I mssUted senior sergeant Hinde to arret-t him about uiae years ngo lave not the slightest doubt as to his identity I be lieve ho would have escaped if I hod not shot liim. He very nearly succeeded iu getti- jr away among tbe mountains, which surronnij tin paddock like a fence. The. clothes I now examine were tbe clothca deceased lad on when he was shot Tho hat and cloak I produce I also found at Donnewald's Sandy Gully— the first place we went to. Georpe Henry Lawson deposed : I am a Etocsman ! and horsebreaker. I have, no particular pUee of abode ?? I was living at Gundagai a few weeks ago. I only knew i deceased by having seen him at Donnowald's. It wai between three and four weeks since I first saw him there j ? Johnston came to Donnewald's last Saturday. J n-as at both the Donnewald's places with him. He was plough- I ing there. We did not gj over from Sandy Creek to I Donble Gully together. I went over from Sandy ] Creek to Double Gully about eight o'clock in the morn ing. Deceased and myself nnd another young nmu slept together at Kandy Gully. Johnston had come to Double Gully abont five or ten minutes before the police came. When the police came he nn through the honse, and said, ' Holy Ghost, here's Thompson coming ' He went down the flat from the houBe. He wasabsnla hundred yards away from the house when the police called on him to stand, but he still kept on running, lie crossed the cre'Jt and went into a wheat paddnc- I the police following on horseback. Johnston [ was on the left hand side of the paddock, and sergeant j Thompson was on the inside. I heard a shot fired, and j Johnston turned round as if he was going; to face sergeant Thompson. After the shot was fired Johnston t fell, and when ihe police went to him he appeared to ba 'dying Wccrrind Mm tothehonseina qailt. When ; we got to the house his feet were cold. I get a looking glass and put it over his mouth aud finding that the 1 gloss waenotetttiued, I said to the police that I believed . the man was dead. During the time Johnston was running away I was standing at tbe corner of the house at the side, between a quarter and half a mile away. I saw all that took place. I have only spokon of ono shot | as having been fired, but there were two shots iirod | before wo got into the paddock. The police called I upon Johnston several times to surrender. I am not aware that Johnston frequently carried a revolver. I have seen firearms with him, but cannotsay if be usually carried them. I saw what I believed to be a pistol on : tho eight before he was shot, juat as we were going to i bed. I do uot know where tbe pi tol is now. I have | seen no firearms in the house at Double Gul y since the .-occurrence. I never heard Johnston Bay that be never would be taken alive I have seen the saddle and I bridle produced, iu Johnston's possession. They v ere ' supposed to bo h'u. By the jury : The other person who s'ept with deceased and myself was Louis Donnewald. I do not j think Johnston could have got away if he had not been I shot, because be was in a wheat paddock of twenty or , thirty acres and the police cotfd see where he went to. i It was possible for a horseman to ride quickly all round I tho paddock. I do not know that Johnston wentby any other name. He was hired by Donnewald to ' plough. I believe the police could have taken him without shooting kirn if they had waited. 1 By the coroner : T have said that Johnston was between a quarter and half n mile away. The three police were on each side of him He was 124 yards from the paddock fence when bo was shot. I measured the distance. I did not know Johnston before this. I never met him in gaol. Robert Bowden deposed : I am a constable) in the police force stationed in West Maitland. I have seen tbe body at the back of the court-house, bnt do not recognise it. I recognise the clothes produced sa having been worn by a man I met at West Maitland. At abont half-past 8 o'c.ock on the night of tho 20th July I was on duty at West Maitland, and saw a man who '. thought was identical with a man who had stolen two horses from Singleton. I overtook him, and wished him good night. I asked him whether he had come down the country, nnd he Baid he bad. I asked him how long it was eince he arrived in Maitland ; he an swered, ' On Thursday evening.' I then asked him how many head of cattle he had brought down the conntry with him, and he answered t3nt he hod not brought down any cattle at all— that I was b ? sharp. ' Perhaps you have come from tho tin mines,' I then Baid ; he answered yes. I asked him two or three other questions, aud seeing that he was not inclined to enter into conversation with me, I then said, 'Well, I might as well be candid with you, old man. You're identical with a man who has stolen two horses from Singleton, and I want to know where you are stopping, so that if the parties with whom you ore stay ing can give any satisfactory account of yon, I'll apolo gise for hiving detained you.' He then replied that he was stopping at Brown's. I then said, 'I must go ; to Brown's with you ' He presented either a pistol or a revolver at me, cocking it at the same time, and said, ' No you don't, you b ? wretch. ' Not having anything to protect myself with I thought it prudent to retreat, which I did backwards, with my face towards him. I went about ten yards back, and then turned round. When I got about thirty yards off he Baid, 'Youb ? long dog, I' sorry I didn't tboot you. I then ran down to tho barracks, and reported the cir cumstance to senior- sergeant Kerrigan. I recognise tbe portrait produced to be that of the person I epeak of. Robert Willard deposed: I reside at Olennie's Creek with my father. I have seen the body of a man at the back of the court-house, and recognise it as that of man I had seen abont three weeks or a month ego at Glennie'B Creek. He came across the bush and stopped me. He caught hold of my bridle, and said if I did not get off he'd Bhoot me. He put on his leggings and spurs, and rode away on my horse The leggings produced are similar to those he had on, and the poncho he had was similar to that produced. He did not show me aDy firearms. josepn crown acposeu : j. reside wicn my lamer at Campbell's Hill, West Maitland, at the Boyal Oak Hotel. I have seen the body of a man at the back of the court-house, and believe it to be that of John Johnston. He stopped at my father's house on the 18th of July last He had a bay mare, DE con joined (the D reversec), with a square taiL and two white hind legs. I have since heard that it was Mr. Dangar's horse. Deceased slept in a reom by himself. ' When he left a pocket compass was missed. The compass produced answers the description of the one missed. The portrait pro duced is something like the nun. When he was at our place he hod a beard I identify the hit, pombo, aud leggings produced as similar to those worn by the man who stayed at my father's house. Patrick Finn deposed : I am a Catholic priest, re siding at Blandford. I was stopped on the road on the 27th of July last. Ab I was ascending the range a man met me. He was walking He caught hold of the reins of my horse, and told me to dismount. I expostu lated with him for a moment or two, and he then asked me if I had anv money, at the same time putting his hand into my pocket, tie took out a little book that I had. He then put his hand into another pocket; and took oat a parse containing about seven sovereigns, lie gave me back the book. I had to dismount;' and hs told me I could get a horse from some carriers who were Borne distance along the road. I walked away, and he called after me and said he could leave the horse for me at WaUabadah. He took away the horse, saddle, and bridle, aid a coat that was tied to the front of the saddle. I have seen a body at the back of the court nouse. xi was aisngnreo. dv necomposiiion, so inai I could not recognise it. I cannot bo positive that the photograph produced is the portrait of the man who stuck me up. Tbe saddle and bridle produced I recog nise as those taken from me. There was a blue band on the forehead strap, but that is not there now. The stirrnp irons are not the same. I cannot identify the money produced Louis Donnewald deposed : I reside with my mother at Doable Gul'y. I knew the deceased John Johnston. He had lately been staying at our bouse. I last saw him on Saturday last, whin he left our house. Be left tbe cloik and hat produced at my father's place- They were his property. Jacob De Leon deposed: I am a legally qualified medical practitioner, residing and practising in Mus irellbrook. On the evening of the 16th instant sergeant Thompson r» quested me to go and see a man who had been wonnded at Wybong Creek by the police. Owing to the storm we did not reich the place where the man was till about 12 o'clock at night. When I reached the pUce I fonnd that the man was quite dead. Bigor mortis had set in. On viewing the body I found a gunshot wound on the right hip joint, which had extended to the pelvis or lower part of the abdomen. I made a post mortem examination of the body yesterday morning, and found that the ball had penetrated clean through the bone, into the pelvis, and in all probability ruptnred the bladder and some of the arterial vessels in the pelvis. In my opinion deith was earned by the ooihIUhwI effects of stock to the nervous system and internal Bts^noTrhaee. By the Coroner : lb*vo not had modi experience in ebobtiog esses, bnt I ehoslrr think thut if a man fired with a revolver at another st a distance of 133 yards, be might ctrike either a little hi. her or a little lower than the part aimed at Frederick William Thrum deposed : I »m a Jnstics ef tbe Peace for *h« territory of New South Wales, lesid ingat Muswellbro-.k. I have seen the locality where the man Johnston was shot, nmllave heard the evidence of the previons wimeeses. From my personal inspec tion of the ground, and the evidence I have heard, I am of opinion that tho locality in question offered great facilities for the escape of the deceased from the police 11 aving heard the evidence of the witnesses relative to tue distance tne man bud got away from tbe police, 1 consider that if he had once reached the base of the mountain ni one could have captured him. Tbo Coroner carefully f ummed up the evidence end explained the law bearing upen cuuh cases Tee jury retired at a quarter past 5 o'clock, n»d after an absence of foortrjen minutes returned into' the conrt room n-ith u veroict of justifiable homicide. TLe Co:oner expressed his concurrence with the ver dict of the jury, and said lie consider, d sergeant 1 homp&on;, constable Sweeney, and conBUibe Uutber ford waro entitltd to tbfl thanks of the community for their exemplary conduct in bringing the offender to justice The quantity of tin ore received froin New EarUnii mid shipped by llie Clareuca ami Krw Huglind Bteum Navigation Company ai Gtaltnu duriug tuo week vndiuc 4uffusl8r.b, to Sydney, was 30 tone and 2- lbi. Tbe Victoria Theatre has been patronised by fair audienoes during ih« week to witness the troupe of acrobats and jugglers that Lave taken the pko? of tbe dra matlo company who are now playing in Mairljnd. List night the lower parts of the theatre were well filled, but Oit dreEB circle contained but few occupants. Tbe per/brmai- cefl oltlioMameee are Hill witnessed with pleasure, aud those of tbe acrobats from the Italian uircite — especially the acting r-f Uiai Eniile Bridges on the tifrnt rope, and wha*. ia termed 'the famous triple parterre,' by the Carlo Bro'.hera. a-Elsted by G. Holland and T. Worlanrt— are received with special apploure. To-morrow aU°rnoon there will be a grand m&tinto;, u- commence at 3 o'clock. A nev cqut-trian com pany and hones, lor the accommodation of wbich ttie tu^a cf thPturatre trill undergo a complete alteration, ia about to be introduced as an addition to the European and Siameie trouper, who will be retained to ussier in the arena. 