TOWN TALK. |l Mr. Buchanan hud a good subject for his first speech of the session, but PS usai' qpwlt it Hy intemperance of course we mean, only of language The oxclusion of history from our public schools is no doubt a serions defect in onr otherwiso oxcollont system ef primary education ; but to teach it as Mr, Buchanan apparently would teach it, would soon lead, wo are afraid, to s " defect " of another and oven more serious kind. Na one but eccentrics, like Mr. John Stewart, disputes tie immense interest and value of historical knowledge, and much of Mr. Buchanan's somewhat laboured disqni. ninon on tho advantages of that study might therefore have been spared. Tho practical difficulty is in tie nature of our schools themselves, which being non- sectarian, cannot vory well take cognizance of a "ab- ject involving moro than any other sectarian prejudices and passions. Unless history is tobe taught, as religion may now be taught in our public schools, in separate classes by rivoli, or at all events, direotly opposed pro- fessors of the noble Btudy, we do not see how that practical difficulty is to be got ovor. without danser to the peace uud harmony of our educational establish monts. Au abridgment of EDglieh history that should steer clear of all delicate, or dobsteabio points, would ba a literary impossibility, or if possible, worthless. If nothing moro than tho bare facts, the dry bones of history, are to form what Ur. Buohanan called tho now " intellectual fodder" of oar children, then wo should be rather inclined, for once, to agree with Mr. Stewart, that upon tho whole a more useful branch of study woula bo " skinning a bullock." j The Premier made a rather unfortunate allusion on Thursday night, when he said that ho thought there could bono sectarian objection to a history of thu colon; for tho UBS of tho publie schools. Mr. Forster, who ' watches his hon. friend with almOBt paternal solicitude, was down upon bim in a moment, with tho perti- nent query-"What would it (tho history) ss» of tbe Kiama Ghost?" Tho interruption' val greeted with a roar of laughtor from all sides, and although the Premier endeavoured to look as innocent as Ipossible, and declared that ho " couldn't BCO the joke," there can be no norh of doubt that a little further on in tho debato he was mada to feel it. Mr. Forster, after saying that any sort of education involving opinion must be attended with danger, added that there could bo no better proof of tho difficulty of dealing with history than in thia very Ghost casa. 'ihen, with a concentrated bitterness that would mako tho fortuno of a cordial manufacturer, tho hon. and amiable gentleman proceeded to retell tis twenty-timcs told, talo of tho Kiama Mystery, of the conspiracies and murders of that fearful time, and tie "judicial murder" of tho madman. O'ForroU. pausing after tho mention of oach "atrocity," to ask what toe hon. Colonial fceorotary " would soy about that erent in his now and truthful colonial historyP" Assn exhibition of strong feeling, Mr. Forster's speech was vory effective ; but it waa tho sort of feeling not favour ably known as small personal spite, and tho subject -| waa as stale as its treatment was vicions, 