A STRANGE STORY. The head of a well-known Melbourne firm sends us the following narrative, every word of which he vouches is " strictly true " : — Very extraordinary things have, from time to time, been said and written on the subject of ghosts. I myself have read and heard of thousands of instances, to all appearances well authenticated ; but never have I had the fortune, good or bad, to be brought face to face with one. However, facts are stubborn things ; and I effer the following facts for the acceptance of your readers : — On Saturday afternoon, the 14th icst., I was on my way home from business, in company with a gentleman ; the time was ae nearly as possible Bix to tea minutes past 6. We were passing along Spring street, on the opposite Bide to the Princess's Theatre, and about opposite to that building, when I suddenly imagined that I was on the point of running against some object which was crossing the foot path from the fence to the road, and I put out my hands ta prevent striking. I ATt.M.Ai»r1iriRrr fmnfiaranfifl n&fifi; across my path, and, as it were, completely in the way of my friend, who was. walk ing on my left hand. He instantly Btopped, and also placed his hands out in order to prevent a collision. In pure astonishment we watched the appearanee for perhaps four seconds, when it completely vanished. I may add that the nearest person in front was some little distance on, and there was no person for some distance behind. The appearance was of a very peculiar grey trans parent nature. I could not fer the life of me say the form it took. The suddenness of its appearing and disappearing, coupled with the unusual start which the affair gave to both of us, would ac count for the want of a closer examination. A few words in conclusion. On Sunday, 15th, the following day, I was passing the spot, only this ' time on the top of an omnibus, when I pointed to the place, and mentioned the fact to the driver, who told me that another gentleman, about a month or six weeks back, had stated that he came bolt up against somebody or something at that very spot, and that he shouted out to it, " Now', then, mind where you're coming," when he also was somewhat startled to see the appearance suddenly disappear. 