It was a happy thought of Mr. Casey's, was that of taking the Governor along with a copy of the new regulations into the gum-forests of Bamali with him. The combination of business with -plea sure is one of the features of this utili- tarian age, anu though there may be people wicked enough to insinuate that the honorable gentleman arranged the trip' up the Murray for the same reason that VV gi.se v took his monarch to the field of the Cloth of Gold, "only to " show his pomp," yet what more likely to- impress the sylvan mind of the timber- cutters of those arboriferous dis tricts,- and so facilitate negotiations with thein, than the presence of the Queen's representative in the train of the Minis ter of Lands! Sir George Bowen is evidently a good-natured man, and he is quite prepared to sacrifice his personal comfort and ease, to the extent of even sharing his tarpaulin with Mr. Casey 011 the bare-deck of a Murray steam- packet, if his Ministers seem to think that there is anything to be. gained by it. But churlish as it may seem, it is only fair to warn him that he may allow that highly popular virtue to be traded upon to the detriment of himself and his friends. When Queen Elizabeth took a dislike to a country gentleman she Used to pay him a visit, in the cer tain confidence.- that the expenses of receiving her would ruin him. And we , need not remind Sir George Bowen that even a governor cannot be entertained nowa-days without putting his hosts to a good deal of ex pense. In )Jain words, the public re ception of the Queen's representative such as that which Balhirat, for in stance, is preparing to give his Ex cellency, means nothing more or less than an additional money tax upon the ratepayers. We trust we shall not be mistaken in recording the remark. As a matter of course the Governor is not responsible l'or the banquetings and junketings Avith which it is thought necessary to welcome him, and if the truth were known, the probability is that he would gladly dispense with such costly marks of popularity, lie cannot well plead their costliness to his entertainers, for he naturally supposes that they know their business better than he can. And so, much against his inclinatioh, he is made the involuntary cause of a special rate at the expense of a number of in nocent. people, who have for the most part no share in the honor of enter taining him. For it is needless to say that it is only the fiuored few, who I . a. happen to be the representatives of the general bodies of ratepayers, to whom the honor pertains. It was the money of tho ratepayers of Balhirat that furnished the photographs af the Duke of Genoa and his suite the other day, and then furnished the mayor and councillors with the means of taking them from Bailanu to the .Duke's ship, the Garibaldi. If the Governor of Vic toria could be entertained as Captam Lemuel Gulliver telis us be was enter tained at the table of the Governor of Glubdubdrib. where each new course of spectral dishes were served up by ghosts, there would be nothing to com plain of. But. as it is, the privilege of receiving him often presses substan tially upon his entertainers, and it is doing them and him 110 kindness 10 disguise the fact. To-day's bill of fare furnishes to-morrow's bill of another kind, and those who have to pay it only grumble when they recollect how very little of the enjoyment fell to their lot. It is in fact a ratepayers' question, and not one for the consideration of their guest at all. II they aye put to any inconvenience on the Governor's account, it is for the gratification of their local represen tatives, in whose hands the Governor is a perfectly passive instrument. How is he to. be expected to .lthow, for in stance, that the probable expense to the town treasury of his projected three days' visit to Ballarat will be about equal to the falling off in the re cent valuation of property in that city as compared with that of last .year? Clearly it is none ot' his business, and if the mayor and coun cillors of Ballarat oiler him a public reception, lie is consulting tiot only his popularity, but to some extant his. duty, by accepting their invitation. There is only this danger for him lo guard against, that he does not allow himself, through a natural desire to afford a' little harmless pleasure outside his- own- circle, to be betrayed into making., his presence too cheap. As Mr. Vuflin, the showman in Dickens' Old Curiosity Shop, profoundly re marked, " Vonce make a giant coin'm'n, " and giants '11 never draw again." The mail steamer will not convey; to Lord Kimberley any satisfactory reply to his suggestions for a temporary ex tension of the present contract for the conveyance , of the mails via Galle. There is a growing conviction in tlio public mind that either the Cape route should be subsidised, or that all subsi dies should be discontinued. Tho pre sent contract gives to the P. and O. Company a virtual monopoly of the route through the Suez canal, not a single vessel unconnected with that company having yet found its way by that route to Australia, while the sub sidv given to the company enables it to secure a large share of the passenger trade between England and these colo nies, and to that extent acts as a discouragement to the establishment of tt fast line ofsteanieis byway of the Cape of Good Hope. The English public should also he disabused of the idea that the steps taken by Mr Francis to secure lo Melbourne the terminus of the Suez line meet with universal approval here. Melbourne already derives an nrlvnntngo from being tlie last port at which stores can be shipped, and the mere detention bf the vessel for a week of ten days is not worth contending for. It is felt, too, that the attempt to secure by compul sion an . advantage to the port of Mel bourne, is rather derogatory than other wise. The advantage, on the other hand, of Melbourne being the ter minus of the Cape line would he enor mous, and this is seen by all the other colonies, although our own Govern ment is blind to the fact. No other port could compete with Melbourne for the possession of such a service, and if it were established, the question of. commercial supremacy ; would be honorably achieved. Among the measures promised in the Governor's speech is a bill : to amend the Post. Office Statute. The title is large enough to cover a great many reforms. There is likewise a notice of motion on the table declaratory of the expediency of reducing the charge on letters and postal cards, and abolishing that on newspapers. Without special reference to either of these notices, we will point out two desirable alterations, without which 110 legislation will be acceptable. ; Should a reduction of postage be determined upon, it must, to he of any value, apply to letters of all kinds, open or enveloped, from and to all parts of the colony. Why should letters dis tributed throughout Melbourne and suburbs be let off for a penny, as is proposed, xvhile all country missives, whether for town or district delivery, are charged twice as much ? The accusation of a desire to centralise has been mude over and over again, and, it must be confessed, not without reason. In Ballarat, Geelong, Sandhurst,: and Castlemaine there are several' 'town deliveries each day. The trouble and expense are no greater in any of these towns tl«vn in Melbourne as regards the distribution of letters. The expense is still Jess in country dis tricts, where there is no delivery. Shall fish then he made of the one, and flesh of the other ? For our part we favor a uniform penny postage throughout the colony ; and for two reasons. The first is that the, country is ripe for the innovation, and the revenue will not suffer, as witness the telegraph returns laid before Parliament during last session. The second is that greater encouragement "will be given to the practice of communicating xvith one's friends, xvhereby good fellowship will be cemented, and education greatly improved. There are a number both of adult and jm-enile persons in this colony who, although they can' ex press themselves succinctly and with tolerable correctness in conversation, signally fail in putting their ideas 011 paper. This arises principally from want of practice, and limited oppor tunities of reading the manuscript of ethers. If, then, both revenue and education be advantaged by the Jiro- posed change, surely a national good wil) result. _ , As a boon to the reading public, not to the journalists, newspapers should be either carried free, or submitted ton, very small charge. The smallest coin of the realm is a duty of twenty-five per cent, on the price of the greater number of the papers in circulation. The smallest charge would be sufficient as a safeguard against her Majesty's mails being oppressed with ponderous parcels from all quarters of the earth. But there would not be much danger of this even if the carriage were free. The dissemination of useful informational the cheapest possible rate is one ot the first duties of a Government; and the advocates of free conveyance can truly urge that the heavier the mails tlie better will it he for tho interests of education and the spread of useful knowledge. 