ADVENTURE WITH A PAUTHER. As some of your readers may like to read the following adventure, I send you an extract from my diary, dated 29th March, 1873 :-" Mr. W. Culbard, of the Bum Brae tea estate, having some business to transact at the Palumpoor Tehsee, rode over, and whilst there a report came in that a large panther had attacked and wounded a grass-cutter near the village of Googur. Culbard immediately gal loped over to give me the news. I hastily finished my breakfast, and both being armed, we started for the place where the animal had been marked down. We left our horses on the Kangra and Dhurumsala road, close to the Googur, and proceeded through the standing com (villagers' houses being dotted about here and there) till we came to a place where a dense crowd were assembled. We en quired from the scouts where the panther was then supposed to be, and they indi cated an irregular sort of hedge with tall reed-like grass growing up on both sides of it, forming a very close cover. This hedge divided two cornfields, and there were houses some distance to our front and beyond the hedge. Being ignorant of the precise locale of the brute, we agreed to take opposite sides. As soon as soon as Culbard had taken up his position, I enquired from a man behind me if ha could distinguish anything (because a native perched on a tree declared he saw the panther crouching down in the grass) ; he answered he thought he could see him, and attempted to point out the spot to me. I looked, but could make nothing out clearly; and while I was wondering if the animal could possibly be there or not, out he rushed from this identical spot, and with a great roar and a wonder ful spring came flying through the air straight at me. Curious- though it may seem, -tfie uppermost sensation in my mind was that of admiration for the ex treme beauty and grandeur of his ap pearance (he was indeed a handsome brute) ; this feeling was of course only a momentary one, for the next instant he was on the top of me. I had no time to bring my rifle to my shoulder, but took a hasty snap shot when he was in mid- air, and about ten feet distant from me. I fancied at the time that this shot had entered his chest, but found subsequently it had penetrated his noBe and, glancing off his upper jaw, had slightly wounded the left forefoot. I then experienced the pleasant sensation of a stunning blow on the crown and side of my head, with Btreams of blood pouring down over my face, filling my eyes and blinding me. He did not quite knock me over, because I had instinctively taken the precaution of standing sideways to him, with my legs wide apart; but the fact of his great weight, together with his holding on by his claws to the top of my head and back, caused my head to be pulled downwards ; so I gave-a, giwt with the barrel of my rifle grasped in my left hand, gave him a thundering blow on the side of his head and neck, and also administered a tidy one with my right fist, which had the effect of knocking him over and of righting myself. He recovered himself, and dashed away at a hand gallop through the standing wheat. I hastily wiped the blood away from my eyes to enable me to see a little, re-loaded, and followed him up sharp ; for, notwithstand ing the entreaties of the natives to go at once to the dispensary and get put to rights, it was not likely that, after the mauling he had given me, I should let the brute escape. When he was about seventy yards distant, I saw Culbard run ning up and aiming at him ; but I begged him not to fire, because the pauther was tail on and merely the top of his back was visible above the corn, so that a shot in. that position was not likely to take fatal effect, but would probably have made him more "ugly" as the Yankees say. Culbard, however, fired, but without effect. I followed him up, and some natives standing outside a house told me they had seen the panther pass into a dry nullah; believing this I stepped out more freely, and had the pleasure of almost walking on the top of him, as he was lying crouched in the wheat with his head straight towards me, tail wagging vio lently, and eyes glaring savagely. To step quickly back and give him a snap shot in the head was the work of a mo ment-and none too soon either, as ha was in the act of springing on me, his hind legs being almoBt off the ground at the instant I fired. He at once collapsed, giving one short, sharp growl, and turned over on his Bide. Allowing a Blight pause to elapse, I approached and found him to I be quite dead. The last bullet had hit him in the centre of the forehead above the eyes, passing through his brain and longitudinally down the length of his neck, through the heart and out at the centre of his stomach. A man then rushed up with a long flaming piece of wood to perform the last toilet. I warned him, however, to desist from this delicate attention, as I had 110 fear of his ghost haunting me. Having obtained six men to carry him in, and to -take care that none of hiB claws were stolen, Culbard and I rode slowly to the Palumpore hos pital, where I had my wounds dressed, because I felt a little faint from the great loss of blood. It was uncommonly lucky that we came up with him so quickly, and bagged him as we did, for he evidently meant mischief (which was shown by hiB attacking the unfortunate grass-cutter in so unprovoked a way) and would certainly have killed some man or animal that evening, as it was a populous village, and he was lying en cachette right in the middle of it. He was a very handsome, full-grown male panther, with a dark skin beautifully marked with pretty rosette-shaped rings. It was great fun to see all the people skedaddle when he was on top of me. A Brahmin told me afterwards that there was now no longer any reason to doubt my having a bahut atcha kismut. Altogether it was a very satisfactory half-hour's bit of sport." -Correspondent of the 1 Indian Pioneer.' There is no policy like politeness ; and a good manner is the best thing in the world, either to get a good name or sup ply the want of it. 