INTERESTING NOTES. ?~- ? ? ? AS ANATOMICAL STUDY. I Surgical science boasts another achievement. We learn from oue of the Medical journals thafc. Dr Begg, of Dundee, in 1S69 amputated the whole of the extremities of a young womani named Robertson, whose hands and feet had assumed a gangrenous condition. Mr. Heather Bigg constructed for her some especially de vised prothetie appliances. The artificial hands were automatic in action, opening and shutting her tinkers at the will of the patient. Thifr peculiar prehensility gave her the power of grasping even so small a substance a' a crochet^ needle and enabled her to gain a comparatively lucrative livelihood by making shawls, &c.; The artificial legs were so arranged as to enable her to stand and walk with the aid of crutches. Three years have passed since she first began the use of extraneous appliances, aud she row writes an admirable hand, besides, knitting* feeding, and dressing herself, &c.; In a com munication made by her a few days since, stufe ?writes that she caa walk alone quite easily with the aid of crutches, aad that no one could oh \- gerve the cause of her lameness. — Dublin Freeman. HUGO THE IRREPRESSIBLE. Victor Hugo has written yet another letter. He has favoured the ' Congress of Peace' now Bitting in the small town called Lugano with an -epistle which concludes in the following rhap sodical manner : — ' Nevertheless, this enormous fact the European Republic, we shall have. We' shall have these great United States of Europe, which will crown the Old World, as the United States of America crown the New. We shall have the spirit of conquest transformed into the spirit of discovery ; we shall have the generous fraternity of nations in place of the ferocious fraternity of emperors ; we shall have a country without a frontier, a budget without parasitism, commence without a custom, house, free circulation without a barrier, education without brutishness, youth without barracks, courage without combats, justice without the scaffold, life without murder1, forests without tigers, the plough without the sword, speech without the gag, conscience without a yoke, truth without dogma, God without the priest, heaven without hell, and love without hate. The terrible ligature of civilisation will be sun dered ; the frightful isthmus which separates the two seas of humanity and happiness will be pierced. There will be a flood of light on the world . And what is all that light ? ? Liberty ! And what is all that liberty ? Peace !' WORSE THAN SUDDEN DEATH. A tale ot morcdirile horror comes to us from Illinois. It is well for the journalistic mind ?that it is not often called upon to describe an event of such inky and unmitigated gloom. 'The time waa^August, the skies were fair, when -seated in a railway car, a brighS, blooming, foashful, and beautiful young bridal pair went ?forth on the first stage of that journey which -ends, it may be, in the grave, or haply in ? Chicago. The husband of an hour was all pride .and tenderness ; the bride all bonnet and blushes. As the slow train moved from the ./station, the fail young being incautiously put hsx head out of the window, perchance to sceut the morning breeze like Hamlet'a father's ghost, /iperchance to wave a last farewell to the weeping friends of her girlhood. Too, too fatal moment ! A telegraph pole did net decapitate her — no, ah no ! Tiiab were joy compared to ? Hastily bringing her head within the car, she buried an .agonised face in her hands. The terrified bridegroom is said to have instantly expressed ?himself, with great presence of mind, in touch ing language— ' What was it darling? What frightened it, dear? Tell its own hubby ! Wnat .makes it cry 1' What, indeed, O vicious Fate ! She had dropped a lovely aud expensive set of ?tfceeth out of the windovr. She never smiled again — until she had seen a dentist. A FEW VACTS ABOUT THE POPES. The whole number of Popes from St. Peter to sPius IX. is two hundred and fifty-seven. Of these eighty-two are venerated as saints, fifty - ? -fchree having been martyred. One hundred and ? four have been Romans, and one hundred and | three natives of other parts of Italy ; fifteen I Frenchmen, nine Greeks, seven Germans, five \ Asiatics, three Africans, three Spaniards, two I Dalmatians, one Hebrew, one Thracian, one jj Dutchman, one Portuguese, one Candiet, and one ? Englishman. The name most commonly borne \-- foaB been John : the twentv-third and last was a § Neapolitan, raised to the Throne in 1413. Nine ;j Pontiffs have reigned less than one month, j thirty less than one year, and eleven more than | ifcwenty- six years. Only five have occupied the Pontifical chair over twenty-three years. These ^are— St. Peter, who was Supreme Pastor twenty five years, two months, and seven days ; Pius TL, twenty-four years, eight months, and ! fourteen days; Pius IX., who celebrated his twent- -sixth year in the Pontifical chair on ? June 6tb, 1872 | STORY OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN. w As a pleader he seeirs to have been very 'I moderately successful— able to live, but little , ;: -.more. His biographer affirms that he was too 1 scrupulous to defend a man whom he firmly be- , ? Jieved to be guilty. But he relates a story which, if true, exhibits Mr. Lincoln as less j scrupulous than an average Old Bailey lawyer. | The aon of an old friend had committed an | atrocious murder, and his mother, in great dis tress, applied to Lincoln to defend him. The ?case was very clear, the assassin's features having been recognised by moonlight. Lincoln put into the hands of the officer of the Court an , ;almanac of the previous year ; then, in his de lence, called for it, as for an almanac of the year itself, and from it proved to the jury that itiere was no moon on the night in question. His client was acquitted. It is to be hoped that the story is as unfounded as it is appa : ' rently incredible. I TiiitpjiiiAXCE Club for Working- Men.— A 1 practical experiment which all who desire the moral advancement of tho artizan class will watch with interest a^d hope, has been com , tneneed in Dublin under the auspices of the | Total Abstinence League, namely, the forma | - Sion of a working men's club to be conducted on \ -strict temperance principles, which alone could ,' onBure permanent success to the undertaking. Over 200 members are already enrolled. The ' Gaulois' Again.— The Paris correa : pondent of the Standard says that, the Qaulois I continues to initiate readers into the manners and customs of Albion the perfidious. Here is its last effort :— ' Talk of England ! that is the place for expeditions. H?rdly has Mr. Stanley returned from the wilds of Africa than the Eug li8h Government are sending out tho Bartle bro thers at the head of an expedition to put down 1 slavery on the east coast.— Ces Anglais out au bon. ' SWIMMING ACROSS THE HELLESPONT.— The Want Herald has received a despatch from its correspondent at the Dardanelles, announcing gat on the 25th mat. Lieutenant William Moore aud Gunner Mahoney of her Majesty V surveying vessel Shearwater successfully ac ; wmplished Leauder's and Lordpyron's feat o' \- £ q ?ln6 acrosB the Dardanelles from Abydot r 