By Electric Telegraph. (FROM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MELBOURNE, Tuesday 4tli Feb., 4 D.m. Me Twynam is lying dangerously ill at St. Kilda. ° J London, Saturday Feb. 1. — Wool firm. Fifty thousand Russians are on the way to invade Khiva. A. Female Swindler. — An extraordinary ' series of frauds have recently been investigated by Mr Henry Miller, of the Guardian Society, Glas gow. In August of last year, a person by herd repp ana appearwice a young lady, and calling herself Miss M A Bruce Sutherland, and an elderly female having also a ladylike exterior, and who went by the name of Mrs Anna Wilkes, Miss Sutherland called on a number of leading1 ministers and lay men, ostensibly to obtain their support and influence on behalf of a scheme she had propounded for the establishment of middle-class schools in Italy, and especially to get them to act on the Edinburgh committee, she obtained tbe countenance of only two or three, who believed tbe scheme to be genuine; yet she got circulars printed with tbe name* of twenty-two Edinburgh gentlemen as a committe, including an honorary treasurer and honorary secre tary, in addition to fourteen lady residents, six gentlemen of a London committee, a London solici t0 j T J10™6 secretary being Mrs Anna Wilkes, and the foreign secretary, Miss B Sutherland, Rome, lhe circular bore that it is essential that the rising generation of Italy — the people of the coming time —should receive good moral and religious culture, and that it is high time that those who delight in doing God s work should do so in this instance, when His finger so evidently points tbe way to that sunny land of His abundant gifts. Italian teachers, was stated will be engaged, and pupil teachers ln n,otljer establishment at Romp, which will be under the management of Miss Bruce Suther land, assisted by other ladies, who have also volun teered their services. When calling on tbe minis ers and others, she employed a cabman who is well KnowTi in connection with tbe Carruber's Close Mission, and she told him she prefetied him to any other because of his interest in that mission. Al though he gave his services to her for several days, u*vfCeiV6^ 1,0 Paymen* f°i' his work. She ran H kill of nearly ^£8 for printing and stationery, and besides incurring other debts to tradesmen, she obtained loans from several ladies and gentlemen, which were to be repaid in a day or two. It has been ascertained that when living in Paris she ; had succeeded in cashing three or four cheques on i banks in London and in Scotland, all of which j dishonoured, slie having had no accounts at j the banks on which they were drawn. After leaving I Paris she found her way to Dunde?, and in Septem ber last she created a stir among the shopkeepers there and at Broughty Ferry, by purchasing furnf - and other goods without paying for them, borrowing cash, 8ic. In Dundee she treated herself to a pony phaeton when disposed to drive out. Some of the tradesmen in that town, however, who bad been bitten, were wiser than those of Edinburgh, as they put their cases into the hands of the public prosecutor, and this enterprising young lady Is now In custody, with a most port ntous array of charges ?gainst her. — Glasgow Herald. Iksia&cbber; Sponge for Saddlk Lining. — We were on Thursday shown a new patent lining for saddles and collars, the value of which is that it not only prevents but cures sore backs in horses when used for sadule lining, and has the Fame effect on tbeir shoulders when applied to the collars. It is a preparation of indiarubber vulcanised and prepared so as to nearly represent a sponge, being perfectly porous. The sponge is used instead of the ordinary lining and stuffing, and from its soft ness and elasticity it takes a perfectly even bearing and does^ not shift on the back ; whilst its sponge like qualities absorb the moisture and keep the back perfectly rool. Another great advantage is that the indiarubber being vulcanised, the saddle when re moved from the animal's back has only to be well sponged with water and may then be dried by the fire or in the sun without injury to the materials, or after heavy use it may be well washed with hot water to remove the sweat. The patent lining i6 certainly a most invaluable discovery for stud masters or stocktswners, and they would do well to examine the saddles on view at Messers Aidereon and Sons' establishment in Elizabeth -street. We have to thank Mr Alderson, senior, now on a visit to England, for the introduction into the colony of this very useful discovery, nor has this gentleman been idle in other branches of industry. He has been appointed Agent for the colonies of an improved rock drill and air compressor for .working either in. tunnels or shafts; as also for tbe newly invented litho fracture powder. Several of these have already been shipped for the colony, together with a large quantity of the litho-fractnre, which is now entirely Superseding the dynamite in Europe. As soon as these arriv.' in Sydney, experiments will be tried for testing tbem and showing their advantages. S. M. Herald. Further exploration in the northern territory of Australia is about to take place. Mr Alfred Giles, who for some lime past has been. advertising his intention to proceed to the northern tertitoiy with stock (says the South Australian Register), lias completed his arrangements, and set out upon his long journey overland, the start taking place on 22nd January. He takes with him between forty and fifty horses, thirty of them his own property, and the remainder belonging to gentlemen iu Adelaide. He has entered into an engagement with the Gov ernmeut to take across the continent 5000 sheep to be procured from one of the out-stations on the line of march. The object of the expedition is twofold, first to open op a route for stock between Port Augusta and Port Darwin, and secondly to prospect for gold. Mr Gile* has an intimate knowledge of the country in the interior, having accompanied Mr J. Ross in his journey -o Palmerston. He believes that gold exists in quantity at a place a' out 100 miles from the scene of the mining operations now proceeding in the Territory, aud he intends making a trial of the new spot. Northern Queensland.— The following is an ex' r act from a letter received by a gentleman in Portland recently from Mr G. C. Crouch, who is now at Port Darwin : — 'As a pastoral country it (North Queensland) is without doubt Al. Grass very nutritious and fattening; sheep produce a fair clip of wool of tolerable quality, some selling in London at 2s 4£d, but the fine close staple is not the thing, t^e class of sheep that suit are large framed, coarse open- woolled sheep. McLeod has introduced some -? Lincoln rams and th**y ate approved by Vic torians here who have had experience both in this country and in *heep generally. I believe from the exteut of country, long leases and low rents, that it will pay for the wool aud fat only. Grant killed an old ewe the other day, caul and kidney fat only weighing 281b? — and the great diffi culty the people have is to pick out sheep that are not too fat to eat .Cattle thrive wonderfully well — also horses. As the station hands are mostly natives you may imagine the cost of working is at the mini mum, the only difficulty being the limited amount of stock. There is still an abundant amount of really good country vacant, but settlers coming in would (to be near town) have to take country with out permanent water — but when I tell you that good water is attainable almost anywhere at from 20 to 40 feet that difficuliy is soon overcome, and I can hardly imagine people lemaining on the. arid plains of Riverina with such a country as tliia vacant. Agriculture! — Under this head the whole district is simply a desert as without tbe genial rains every thing not indigenous perishes — even tbe castor oil plant dries up — dates and cocoa nuts spring and attain a few feet and then dry up. I have intro duced some prickly pears from Timor and these I think will flourish, they will be useful iu time for hedge rows as there i-* no timber here for fencing and to import post and rails aud pay for cartage would be ruinous. The country is subject to long droughts and occasional hurricanes, and there is a total absence of timber for --bade. A few trees and ? ? shrubs grow along tbe beds of the rivers but will all be wanted for firewood if the population increases to any extent. Minerals abound ; the whole country is formed of granites, porpliyrys and metamorphic rocks. Copper is particularly abundant, but at present no lode of sufficient importance to work has been struck.' Another Commercial Epitaph. — Htre is an epitaph framed l.y a forlorn American widower, from a Parisian cemetery : — 'Sactcd to the memory of J'iieot'i.ra, the beloved wife, of Mr ? . tbe pro prietor of the ? newspaper; yearly subscrip tion, — francs, payable ia advance. She was a good wife and an excellent mother. The publish ing office is in ? Street ; knock loudly at the d 'or. Thrnj art bitteiiy regretted, oh ! mu^h-loved wifa*. Rejected raanusciiptg are not returned.' J3arney Wood, the murderer of Cheese man, is to be executed. The prisoner is in a condition bordering on a complete collapse, and it is feared he will have to be carried lo the ^caffold oa a chair. — American paper. HOCUS-POCUS AND SPIRITISM. ? After haying discussed with my friend B the various provincial regulations of India, the subject growing rather dry, I asked him if he had seen the basket trick per formed by the Indian jugglers. ' Yes, twenty times,' he answered, and then proceeded to describe the performance, which, although so old, may bear yet another repetition. I must premise that B, having seen the trick so often, and being unable to solve the problem, and having offered pretty heavy bribes to the performers at various times for an explanation of the phenomenon, but without success, latterly, when the juggler presented himself at the compound, had all his trustworthy retainers and friends stationed at intervals round the scene of oper ations to try and detect the modus operandi. The performers were the muntra-walla or juggler, a man j beating the tom-tom or dium, and ! the girl. The two men wore no | clothing but the breech cloth. The | basket was minutely examined immediately before and after the : exhibition. The ground on which it was given was formed of hard smooth gravel, with no shrub or other object within twenty yards of the actors. B's friends and servants iormed a cordon round the central group just clear of the shrubs, so as to have an unbroken view of the whole business and of each other round the circle. The girl was then enclosed in a net like a large onion bag, which was tied at the neck, and in this condition placed in the basket. The sword was provided by B himself, a large sharp instru ment of his own — no hollow -handled affair, but a real practical weapon. The drum-beater was seated on the ground, not any nearer to the basket than was B and a few friends : all within the circle of watchers. The juggler recites some incan tations, and then, jumping on the topoftheJbasket, repeatedly plunges the sword through its wicker work and apparently into the body of the girl. JBlood comes from the basket unto the ground, the girl shrieks, and shortly, from the cessation of movement and noise, appears to be dead. The juggler then feigns apprehension, lest he should be punished for his apparent crime. The basket is opened, and the girl not to be seen. As is usual, she is then perceived in the distance coming towards the party. None of B's scouts have ever been able to detect the precise point at which she first re-appears. Colonel Stoddace presented an inferior representation of the performance in London, but his method was explicable on mechanical grounds, somewhat similar to Pepper's ghost and the singing head. But the thorough examination of (he basket, and tne open nature of the ground, preclude any such solution of the original Indian trick. B narrated many other extraordinary things which he had often seen done by these men. The tree- growing performance he thus describes ^Tlie juggler, on the gravelled compound, scrapes together a little loose dirt, and places the kernel or seed to be oper ated on in it. I do not remember whether or not B supplied the seed. However, after watering the little heap of soil, the juggler covered it over with a conical basket, opened at each end, which was closely examined before it was placed over the seed by B. Then everyone withdrew a few yards from the spot. After a few minutes, on lifting the basket, the kernel was found to be sprouted a few inches ; a little more water was added, and the basket replaced. I forgot to state that the usual incantations preceded the performance. The tree now lifted the basket off the ground, the jugg ler took off his breech-cloth, shook it out well, and taking off the basket, replaced it by throwing the cloth over the fast-increasing tree. In a short time the cloth was taken away, and a miniature tree, covered with ripe fruits, was presented to view. Of course many questions occur on subsequent reflection on these curious exhibitions. To one amongst those occurring to me at the time, B said he had, when the performance was over, pulled the tree up by the roots, and thus satisfied himself of the real nature of the thing. The niuntra wallas, B said, were held in dread by all the castes or sects of India. Brahmins, Mussulmen, Hindoos, all alike entertain a lively horror of the muntra-walla. One most singular peculiarity the class have is, that the crows will dart down on their heads and peck at them. The dogs give vent to a most unearthly howl when thej'- come near. To protect themselves from the birds they carry a stick, which they wave over their heads when they are near. The rest of the population fear their curse as one of the greatest possible cal amities. Now, notwithstanding Lecky's History of Rationalism in Europe, and the claims of positivism as the only resource of enlightened humanity, may it still be predicated of India that she is one of the dark places of the earth, where the occult power of evil assumes a visible form. You ridicule the idea, my worthy sceptical friends. Why, do I not see you supporting, as reported in this day's paper, another phase of an apparently similar motive power? Is Mrs. Guppy's flight more rea sonable than the juggler girl's move ments ? Cultivating the ' 1 power of disengagement.'5 I suspend judge ment, and with Goethe ask for 'more light.' — W.H.G. in the Age. Fireside Fun. — Take a good-sized potatoe with a smooth skin ; cut out nose, eyes, and mouth ; twist curled hair or wool into the shape of a wig and wfuskers or moustache, and fasten on with pins ; then make a hole for the fore-linger to go into * this gives the head a throat. Wrap a handkerchief round the hand, arranging one corner of it round the thumb, and anotherround thesecond finger. Then you have a little man with hands and arms, capable of bowing and moving his head. Make a screen ; let four or five little folks get behind it, each with their potatoe characters; and, as they say the words of the charade or tragedy, let these potatoe men perform it. It is capital fun — as good as Punch and Judy any day. Potatoe men are friendly, fond of shaking hands, em bracing, and nodding their heads at each other. They also have a thoughtful way of rubbing their foreheads that is very funny. Some times they fight, I admit, but they don't bang each other all the time, as Punch and Judy do — that is, if they are not very ill-tempered, which potatoe men never should be. Sleeping on It. — It has some times been noticed that a client in casually meeting his solicitor, if he has a case on hand for him, invari ably turns the other way, thinking 'good morning' will be six and eighfpence. But even that is not to be overcome, for we read in an American journal that a lawyer in cluded in his bill against a client, ' To waking up in the night and thinking about your case, six and eightpence, American Experience of an Open Library on Sunday. — In a recent report to the trustees of the Cincin nati public library, Mr. W. Poole, the librarian, makes the following statement : iC The reading-rooms were first opened on a Sunday from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m., on March 12, 1871\. During the summer and autumn the issues averaged 213. During the winter and spring months the attendance was much greater. The average daily issues in Decem ber were 397 ; in January, 755 ; in February, 802 ; in March, 706 ; in April, 577 ; and in May, 281. The largest attendance was on the 11th of February, when 780 periodicals and 301 books were issued, making a total of 1,081. The attendance during the forenoons has been much less than later in the day. Often during the afternoon and evenings every seat has been occupied. It is a noticeable fact that many of that class of young men who have stroll ed about the streets on Sunday, and spent the day in a less profitable manner,- are habitually frequenting the rooms and spending a portion of the day in reading. The deport ment of readers on Sunday has been unexceptionable and the rooms have been as still and orderly as on secular days. While some readers have called for religious books, the other classes of reading sought for have, in the main, being instructive and profitable. The experiment, com menced with forebodings in the mind of some excellent people, has by common consent, been acknow ledged a success, and has been in strumental informing public opinion on the subject. I have received let ters asking the results of our ex perience from nearly all the large cities of the country. In New York, Philadelphia, and St. Louis the read ing-rooms of the principal libraries are now open on Sundays.' The famine in Persia, which, as ow readers know was raging most fearfully some time ago, has been the means, we learn, of causing one hundred thou sand souls (men, women, and children) to perish in the Persian capital alone. Throughout the country it is stated that not le.ss than three millions of human beings have fallen victims to famine and pestilence. The Journal de Rome states that the Pope has refused to comply with tbe request of Cardinal Cullen to interfere on behalf of the Roman Catho lic clergy of Galway, -alleged by the Cardinal to be suffering from persecution. His Holiness'accom panied bis refusal with an expression of bis regret that the Irish clergy only obeyed his instructions when they could turn them to good account, and disobeyed them wheu called upon to sacrifice their passions to his command*. 