SIR CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY AT ST. PATRICK'S HALL. Sm CHAULES GAVAN DUKFV, in answer to repeated calls, also rose to reply, ami was received with loud chcors. Ho said :-Ladies and Gentlemen,-1 have travelled a long journey to-day nuder a very ungenial sky, and 1 asked tn bc excused from speaking, but 1 confess when I heard thc pleasant Irish voices I could not resist, lt is forbidden to talk herc on politics, but 1 venture to say that it is a pleasant memory to mc that once a year, at this end of Bourkc-strcct, whatever mistakes they may make at thc great House at the other end-(applause)-herc I am quite certain nf meeting friends who arc not changed by any political circumstances, whose kindness "is still thc same whether wc win or lose thc game." (Hear, hear.) When 1 last met you herc, 32 months ago, 1 was returning from a tour in whicli thc chief districts in this country had given such enthusiastic support to thc Administration with which I was connected, as seemed to promise il a long life. 1 meet you now, ladies and, gentleman, not morely fallen from power, but! am assured by certain well- informed journals that 1 am actually politically dead and buried. (laughter and cheers.) I can only say that, if it bo so, you have given my ghost such a very pleasant reception (laughter), that I have determined onco a. year, on thc 17th March, near thc dead hour of rmdnight, to "appear" in St. Patrick's Hall like Banquo in thc middle of thc festival, j 1 recently read a very strange story in tine ' of tho same well-informed journals information that, in point of fact, I was shortly going homo to he Minister for Ireland. (Laughter. ) I may say, by the way, that that is a strange mission to give a dead man. 1 am very sorry to inform you that I have not at ÍircBcut received any official intimation of thc act. (Renewed laughter.) But 1 may say this, that if it bc intended that thc Irish Minister shall he responsible to an Irish Parliament 1 will undertake the duty with great satisfaction. (Applause.) The latest news is that, like a young lady who has become a bride, 1 have been changing my name ; ami as this news, unlike thc rest, is not a liction, I owe it to friends whom 1 sec herc to tell them something of that metamorphosis. 1 ceasod to bc Chief Secretary in June last, and in October I received a letter from Lord Canterbury, informing mc that the Secretary of State for thc Colonies had instructed him to ascertain whether a companionship of thc Order of St. Michael and George would be acceptable to me ? Let me say with rcspcet to Loni Canterbury, that in all our political and social intercourse ho treated mo with a con- stant courtesy, frankness, and consideration, for which I. must always remain his debtor. But he liad refused to dissolve Parliament when J considered I had a constitutional right to claim its dissolution, ami as this distinction was offered mc as soon as the papers con- nected with that transaction could have been laid ljeforc thc Secretary of State, I concluded that it was possible, and even probable, that Lord Kimberley meant tn intimate that he did not think 1 had received thc support I was entitled to from thc representative of thc Crown on tliat occasion. (Hear, hoar.) Nevertheless, though that conviction was very gratifying to me, 1 respectfully decliner! the proffered honour. (A Voice-" Quito right. ") Shortly afterwards Lord Canterbury did me thc favour to address another letter to mc, asking whether I would accept a knighthood r Upon that question there was thc strongest feeling among two sections of my friends. My own countrymen were of opinion that, having been four times a Cabinet Minister, and having been among the lirst men of my race and creed who had won that distinction in any British community since thc Revolution, 1 was bound to accept this permanent testimony that I had performed the duties I undertook with integrity and discretion. And some English aud Scotch friends to whom 1 owed constant ami steadfast support in public life urged tli.it if I declined it, the very persons who were bursting with spite and disappointment that tho honour had been proffered to mc would misrepresent my refusal, and usc it to provoke, and if possible to alienate my English and Scottish friends. I accepted, and 1 have since received letters of congratulation from every suction of thia community ; and I am not sure whether I felt more satisfaction at thc congratulations of representative men I among thc Protestant democracy, who gave mc such generous support when ! was last in I ofliec, or the cougratulatioiis of Irishmen, who would have renounced and repudiated mc if I had accepted any distinction on thc terms of I forgetting my allegiance to my native country. (Hear, hear.) I may remind you that when thc present Mr. .hi st icc Fellows levelled a vote j of want of confidence against thc Government, I I told him that I would not desert thc fortunes I of my native country for anything that Parlia I ment or thc sovereign could bestow. 1 (Applause.) And now there has buen enough of personal themes. 1 will only add that though I was recruiting my health far away j from thc capital, and little disposed to quit tile seaside till 1 left it in restored vigour, I could not resist thc wishes of thc committee nf thc St. Patrick's Society that 1 should come herc to-night. They insisted that the exertion would do me no injury ; anil they were right, for thc breath of the ocean itself is »ot so refreshing to mc as thc dear familiar music of an Irish welcome. (Loud applause.) -Geelong Advertiser, March 22. 