BRIGHAM YOUNG' WIVES. .(ME i TWAIN,)'1 Mr Johnson said further; that Mr. Young, observod thaitlif was k sad, sad th~lng-' because the joy ofevery new marriage a man contracted was so apt to be'blighted by the inopportune funeral of a less recent bride." And Mr Joh." son said that while he and Mr Young were pleasantly conversing in private, one of the Mrs Youngs came in and demanded a breast pin, remarking that she had found out that he had been giving a breast pin to No 6, and she, for one, did not propose to let this partiality go. onwith. out making a';satisfactory amount of trouble about it. Mlr Young reminded her-that there was a stranger present. Mrs Yoing said that if the state .of things inside the honuse was not' agreeable to the stranger, he could findroom" outside. Mr Young promised the breast pin,' and she went away. But in a minute or two another Mrs. Young came in and demanded a breast pin. Mr Young began a remoestranee, but Mrs Young cut him short. She said No 6 had got one,and No 11 was promised one, end it was "no ise for him to try to- impose on her she hoped she' knew her rights." He gave his promise, and she went. And presently three Mrs Young's entered'in a body and opened on their husband a tempMt of tears, abuse, and entreaty. They had heard all'about go 6, No 11, and No 14. Three more'lreast plns were promised. They were hardl r gone when nine more Mrs Young's filed into hi' preseuce,:and a new tempest burst forth and raged' rouild about the prophet and his guest:' Nine b?trt.ppi - were promised, and the weird sisters filed out again. And in came eleven/more, weepingraod.' waiiitg and gnashing their teeth. ' 11 promiae'dl breast pins purchased peace once more. "Thlat is a specimen," said 'Mr Young. You see what: a life I lead. A man can't- be wise all the time;i 'In a heedless moment I gave my darling No 6o excuse my: calling her this as her other name' has escaped me for a moment-a breast pin. it was only worth 25 dollars--a~parently that wa its whole cost, but it was inevitably bound to cost a great deal more. You yourself have seen it climb up to 660 dollars-and alas, even that is 'not the endi .For I. hare wives all 'over this 'territory of Utah. 'I have dozens of wires whose. numbers I do not even know without looking In the family Bible.. They are scattered far and wide among the mountains and valleys of my realm. And mark .you, every solitary ono will hear of the wretched breast pin, and every lest one of them will have one or die. No6's breast pin will cost me 2,500 dollars' before I see thb end of it. And these creatures will compare these pins together, and if one is a shade finer than the rest, t hey" will all. be thrown on my hands, and I will have to order a now lot to keep pea:e in the family. Sir, you probably did not know it, but all the time you were present with my childrenuyou every moment were watched by vigilant servitors of mine. If you had offered to give a child a dime, or a stick ofcandy, or any trifle of the kind, you would have been snatched out of the house instantly, provided it could be 'done before your gift loft.yourbhand.: Otherwlse it would be absolutely necessary for you to make an exactly .e'milr gift to all my" children-and knowing .by`experience the importance of the thlng,: I would 'have' stood by and seen toit myself: that youl did it, and did it thoroughly. Once. a gentleman gave one of my children a tin shistle-a veritable Invention of Satan, arl, and one which I have an unspeakable horror of, and'so would you if you had'80 or 90 children in the house. But the, deed was done-the man eensped. I knuew what thee result was going to be, and I thirsted for vengeance. I ordered out a flock of destroying Angels, and they hunted the man far into the fastnesses of the Nevada moun. taine. But they never caught; him. I am not cruel air-I am not vindictive except when sorely outraged--hut if I had caught him, sir, so help me Joseph Smithl, I would have locked him into the nursery till the brats whistled him to death. :By' the slaughtered body of ft Parley Pratt (whom God usoil 1) there was never anything on this earth like it I knew who gave 'the whistle 'to the childbiut I could not make those jealous mothers believe me. They believed I did it and the result was just what any man of reflection could have foreseen; I had to order 110 whistles-I think iwe had 110 chil dren in the house then, but come of them are off at college now-I had to order 110 of these shrieking things, and I wish I may never speak another word if we did's have to talk on our fiogers entirely, from that time forth until the children got tired of the whistles, And if ever another man gives a whistle to a child of mine and I get my hands on him, I will hang him higher than Haman I That is the word with the bhark on it I Shade of Nephi You don't know anything about married life. I am rich and everybody knows it. I am beneveolent, and everybody takes advantage of it. I haver strong fatherly instinct and all the fondlings.are foisted on ma Every time a woman wants to dwell by her darling, she puzzles her brain to cypher oat some scheme for getting into my hands. Why, sir, a woman came-here with a child of a curious lifeless sort' of complexion (and so hbd the wo man), and swore that the child was mine and she my wife, that I had married her at sooh.and. such a time in ucbh-and.such a place, but she had forgotten her number, and of course I could not remember her name. Weoll, sir, she called my attention to the fact that the child looked like me, god really it did seem to resemble me a common thing in the territory-and to cut the story short, I put it in my nursery, and she left. And by the ghost of Orson Hyde, when they came to wash the paint off that child it was an Iojun I Bless my soul, you don't know any. thing about a married life. It is a perfeoot dog's life, air-a perfect dog's life. You can't ocone. 'mie. "It'isnt possible. I have tried keeping one set of bridal attire for all occasions. But it is of no use. Fires you'll marry a combinationl of calico and consumption as thin as a rail, and next you'll got a creature that's nothing mere than the dropsy in disguise, and then you've got to eke out that bridal dress with an old balloon. that is the way it goes. And think of the wash. bill (excuse these tears) 084 pieces a week! No, sir, there is no such thing as economy inn family; like mino. Why,just the one item of eradles thinkof it I And vermifugel Soothingsyrup I Teething ringes and 'pupa's watches' for the babies to play with I and things to scratch the furniture with I and lucifer matches for them to eat I and'pleces of glass to out themselves with! The item of glass alone would support yenol family, I venture to say, sir. 