SUMMARY OF NEWS The value of imports at Port Adelaide for the week ending April 26 amount to £25,927 ; and of exports from the same port for the like period to £46,014. Mr. E. Giles left Port Augusta on the 29th ult. to proceed on an overland exploring tour to Western Australia. In consequence of the resignation of the Police Troopers in the Northern Territory the Government are sending Messrs. Tasker, Davis, Muller, Ring, Dann, and Borch to fill the vacancies, the whole of these having been required to enter into a two year's engagement. The Lord Chancellor has introduced into the Imperial Parliament a bill to facilitate dealings with land by Registration of titles, the Aus- tralian plan being adopted as the basis of that measure. The English telegrams announce the death of Macready, the celebrated tragedian, who had reached the ripe old age of four score years. The Victorian Government are opposed to the adoption of Earl Kimberly's proposal for a joint mail service between Suez and the Aus- tralian colonies considering it in some respects adverse to the best interests of that colony, The P. & O. Company have consented to con- tinue their services for another two or three years at a considerable reduction in cost, the steamers in and out to call at Glenelg. At the Sydney Assizes a woman, named Ann MacAveeney, has, on her own confession, been sentenced to death for the murder of her hus- band ; as also has a young man of eighteen for another murder. A very tall white woman who cannot speak English has been discovered amongst the Kippel Bay natives. She is supposed to be the sur- vivor of a shipwreck in 1857. Mr. Terence O'Carroll, well-known to our volunteers as one of their former drill in- structors, died very suddenly at Adelaide on Thursday last. The Inspector of Public Houses (Mr. Galbraith) has been suspended from his office, pending an enquiry into charges preferred against him of extorting money from licensed victuallers.; Messrs. Beddome, Bonney, and Lewis have been appointed a Commissisn to investigate the matter. Mr. Rickard's entertainments at Adelaide appear to be taking very well, and are highly spoken of by the Press. A peal of bells, which cost £4,000, is being hung at St. Paul's Church, Sandhurst. The Sydneyites have gone in for a Baby Show in connection with their Colonial Art Exhibition. There were twenty exhibits, and it was a great success. Mr. Pilot Tait has had his licence suspended for one month, for attempting to pilot the England's Glory down the river to the anchor- age on an extremely dark night (whereby he ran her aground), instead of bringing up at Snapper Point, or in Light's Passage. The captain of the vessel said the accident was due entirely to the darkness of the night, and not to any neglect or incompetency on the part of the pilot. A man named Robert Clark has committed suicide at Footscry by cutting his throat. Several cases of diphtheria has occurred at Mintaro, but fortunately none have resulted fatally. The Northern Argus mentions that owing to the scarcity of labour hands in the North, several important works have been stopped, Thomas Crowley, of Narridy, farmer, has been sent to the Lunatic Asylum as a dangerous lunatic. A pear of the Uvendale St. Germain variety, weighing three pounds, grown at Glen Ewin, has been shown in Adelaide. Mr. C. J. Coates has been re-appointed Secretary of the Royal Agricultural and Horti- cultural Society, Adelaide. As the amount to be offered in prizes during the year is only £1,400, the salary of £300, with a charge for commission on sums collected, and for clerical assistance, may be regarded as extremely liberal. According to a letter in the local paper, larrikinism is becoming rampant at Strathalbyn. A few days ago Mr. John Field, of Strath- albyn North, left a large cockle at our office, which he says he discovered that morning on the surface of the ground in his garden. Our informant states he firmly believes it came out of the ground, and says he has found them in the same neighbourhood on previous occasions, and fancies they come from a salt water spring. All we can say is the bivalve tasted exceedingly fresh, was in excellent condition, and we would have no objection to enjoying a dishful of the same description.—Southern Argus. Says the Southern Argus:—"The neigh- bourhood of Strathalbyn appears notorious for its ghostly visitants. This week a worthy knight of the cleaver, who, by- the-way, is a benedict, hailing from this enlightened muni- cipality, has, we hear, been nearly frightened out of his seven senses, by the apparition of some fair one, in the vicinity of an empty house some two miles from here. That all important person, 'the oldest inhabitant,' says it must be the ghost of a young woman who met an untimely end in that neighbourhood some twenty or so years ago. The wraith was observed in the day time, and the seer was accompanied by a friend, who corroborates his statement. We have heard of and believe in the ghost of a chance, but that of a lady is quite a different matter." The famous Victorian trottiug (sic.) horse, Sir William Don, recently dropped down dead at Sydney. Mr. Knowles, of Gawler, has commenced a new industry, in the shape of pickling grapes, which one of the local papers says has a pleasant taste, and is altogether a palable article. A correspondent of the Gawler Times very properly suggests the erection of some public memorial at the grave of the late Dr. Nott, which at present is unmarked even by a head- stone. "Anglo-Australian," writing in the Home Nems, says:—"We have lately had a wedding in high life, and one not altogether unexpected ; indeed, it had been the subject of chat in Anglo- colonial circles for some time. The bridegroom was no less a personage than Sir James Fer- gusson, ex-Governor of South Austria, and Governor-elect, so to speak, of New Zealand, while the bride was Miss Richman, of South Australia. The happy event took place at Trinity Church, Brompton, on March 11, and among the crowd of beauties present I noticed more than one fair colonist who had come to witness the proceedings. After the ceremony, the wedding party and guests partook of a splendid breakfast, and subsequently Sir James and Lady Fergusson proceeded to Scotland. The happy couple travelled by train to Ayr Station, which was gaily decorated with flags and evergreens. On their arrival they were loudly cheered by a laTge crowd, who had assembled at the station to welcome them. A special train shortly after conveyed them from Ayr to Kilkerran, and here a large party, com- posed of the tenantry on the Kilkerran estate, were in readiness to receive Sir James and Lady Fergusson, and to give them a hearty welcome An address was presented by the tenantry to Sir James, who cordially thanked them on behalf of himself and Lady Fergusson for their attention and good wishes. The newly-married couple then proceeded to Kilkerran House, where they were again greeted by the cheers of those who had assembled to receive them. The tenantry spent the evening in festivities, and bonfires blazed from several of the most lofty points in the neighbourhood. Altogether the reception was a most enthusiastic one. From what I hear it is the intention of the leading colonists in London to invite His Excellency Sir James to a public dinner prior to his departure for New Zealand, which may be expected to take place early in May. I copy the following from the Times:—' The friends of Sir James Fergusson in South Australia have subscribed for a life-size portrait of their late Governor, which is now being painted by Mr. Sydney Hodges, and is intended to be placed in the new University building in Adelaide. It is desired to present to Sir James Fergusson a full life-size copy of the portrait by the same artist, to be placed in his family mansion at Kilkerran, in Ayrshire. Any colonists or friends of South Australia in this country desirous of contributing to this object are requested to forward their subscrip- tions to the undersigned, Francis S. Dutton, Agent-General for South Australia.' " Messrs. Fotheringhara, Malcolm, Frankel, Dean, and Makin have been elected as the first Directors of the Lady Alice Company, and it has been resolved to borrow £2,000 to erect machinery on the mine at once. The settling for the Gawler Races took place on Wednesday last—£101 being paid over in prizes. Mr. Pile, of Gawler, has purchased (at auction in Melbourne) Mr. McLean's property on the Darling for £84,000. The Wardens of St. George's Church, Gawler, have received a lawyer's letter, threatening them with legal proceedings if they appropriate any portion of the proceeds of the offertory to the augmentation of the In- cumbent's salary. Arrangements have been made for entertain- ing the members for the district at a compli- mentary dinner at Moonta, to which the mem- bers of the Government and other legislators are also to be invited. The Coorong made a good passage to Sy dney but the brig Waverley has beaten her consider- ably, having reached Port Adelaide in four days and fifteen hours after leaving Sydney. The native population of New Zealand is said to be over 37,000. A telegram received in Victoria states that fleece wool has declined 1d. per pound in value since the close of the February and March sales. Mr. Walters, cashier to Messrs. Sanderson * and Co., woolbrokers, Melbourne, has been arrested on a charge of embezzling about £6,000. The Warnambool Steam Navigation Com- pany, encouraged by past success, has placed a second vessel on the line. The National Bank balance-sheet shows that a net profit of £40,000 has been made during the past half-year. The reserve fund now stands at £203,000. The increase of goods traffic on the Northern Railways consequent on the late bountiful harvest is estimated to amount to about £30,000 for the past quarter. The Stanley Mine still continues to look up, malachite of a superior quality being now found in large quantities. Some time last summer Mr. Coffin, con- tractor, who had been engaged in grading the road bed for New York and Boston Railway along the valley, about two miles east of the City of Yonkers, went to Michigan, and left behind him some cans of nitro-glycerine at the point near the premises of Mr. Samuel Fulton. The nitro glycerine was in wooden boxes. Upon each side of the enclosure there was a notice of the following import:—"Danger! Danger !! Danger !!! Let nothing attempt to touch or even go near the contents of the en- closure. It is nitro-glycerine." Notwithstand- ing the foregoing significant warning, four young men resolved to ascertain the effects of the explosive material; and while two of the party (Ponnelly and Terry) went behind a tree for protection, Callegee and Hill, or one of them, threw stones at the tin of nitro-glycerine, presuming it is supposed, they were of sufficient distance from them to be out of danger. The terrible explosion which took place resulted in blowing the two young men last named to atoms, and at the last account received from the scene the tragedy, not the vestige of one of them (Hill) had been found; fragments of his clothing only had lodged among the branches of the treeg near by. Although Donnelly and Terry were shielded by the trees, the former was dreadfully lacerated from head to foot, and Terry was injured about the face, particularly one of his eyes, which he will probably lose the sight of. All the windows of Mr. Fulton's coachhouse were shattered to pieces by the shock—New York World. Another suicide is reported to have been com- mitted off a Queensland steamer, the Lady Bowen, on her passage from Rockhampton. A salooon passenger jumped overboard, says the Chronicle, when within half a mile of Mary- borough. The steamer at the time was under full way, and the man was seen as if swimmine from the vessel. Immediately upon the cry "man overboard," Captain Cottier had the boat lowered and manned by a strong crew. The boat returned to town after having spent an hour unsuccessfully searching for the supposed suicide. The real name of the missing man is Charles Hodgson, and he was at one time in the native police, and stationed at the Belyando River. Latterly, he has been employed at the washpool on a station near Cox and Dowling's, on the Paroo River, but having come into a legacy of £3,000, relinquished that avocation, and set himself to run through his inheritance, in the usual colonial way, with all possible ex- pedition. He had already succeeded in this resolve to the extent of £1,0 0, (sic.) which was all his friends—apparently fearing such a result— would send him ; and was on his way to touch the remainder when the occurrence took place, A sensation has been caused in Melbourne bv the discovery of a human finger in the stomach of a flathead purchased by a woman from a Chinaman. At a recent trial at Roma (Queensland) for cattle stealing, the Jury returned a verdict of not guilty against the prisoner, who was identified beyond a shadow of a doubt where the cattle stolen were also identified, and when the police and owners had tracked the thief over desert and valley for upwards of a thousand miles. When the Jury handed in their verdict, the presiding Judge (Judge Blakenley) exclaimed in open Court, "Thank God, gentlemen of the Jury, that is not my verdict." The Executive has issued its fiat, in consequence of this flagrant miscarriage of justice, debarring Roma of having a Court of Criminal Jurisdiction for two years. In Saturday's issue there appeared this an- nouncement "Two heifers, one and two year, old, bred out of Mr. Morton's Derrimut stock, have been sold for £1,250," and in our present issue it is reported that the same breeder has obtained £700 for one of fifteen months' old bulls. It is seldom that we have had such stock news to place before our readers, or so satis- factory. Higher prices than that which Mr. Morton received for his young bull has often been realised, but the price obtained for his heifers is something quite unprecedented. Ie (sic.) the reader will only reflect for a moment, hf (sic.) will realise the magnitude of the price paid. A young cow bears as precarious a life as a young bull, and the life of pure-bred stock, judging from recent occurrences, seems to hang by a frailer thread than the life of more ordi- nary creatures. Then a cow may prove barren, as will happen in the most aristocratic of bovine families, in which case her value will drop down to mere butchers' price. And in the best of cases she cannot be expected to leave more than six or eight descendants to hand down her merits to posterity. Considering all these things, the price paid for Mr. Morton's heifers not only speaks highly for the quality of the animals themselves, and for the esteem in which their race is held, but also proves that Austra- lian stock-owners conduct their business in a spirit of intelligent enterprise, which deserves a rich reward, and is very likely to obtain it. For it is incontestable that meat producers, having the use of vast pastures at a cheap rate, cannot but reap a very large profit from the im- provements of their stock. A squatter who sends three or four thousand fat beasts to market every year can well afford to pay a thousand pounds for a bull, when within a few years his purchase will prove the means of adding from £1 to £3 per head to the selling value of his stock.—Argus. The Register states that on Thursday morning, April 24, as Mr. Laurie, the con- tractor, and his men, were excavating at Port Pirie they dug up a skeleton, which judging from external appearances, must have lain underground for upwards of a quarter of a century. From the thickness of the skull it was evident that the remains were those of a sable denizen of Australia, who had fallen in a native fight, as on the back part of the skull there is a small hole, seemingly cansed by a blow from one of those pointed waddies which are used in native warfare. On the earth being taken away most of the skeleton crumbled to pieces ; the teeth, however, are good and sound. The curiosity was exhumed in the presence of Messrs. Horser, [Hewett, Galloway, and other residents. The bones are now in the possession of Mr. Simons at the Port Pirie Post Office. The Hobart Town Mercury says:—About midnight on Friday last a youngster of Mr. P. Oldham's was awakened from his slumbers hy a nibbling, and then a decided bite at the great toe of his right foot. Being alone in his room, the boy from a kind of fear bore the pain rather than move or call out; remaining still until he felt the warm blood trickle down his foot to the bed. Feeling the scratching of teeth and the gnawing of teeth going a little too far, our hero arose gently from his couch without moving his leg, and then in the dark made a desperate grab at his enemy. This turned out to be a rat almost as large as a ring-tailed opossum, and the animal bit, gnashed, and fought with all his might, so that he won his liberty after a hard battle, Master Oldham coming off worse of the two, for besides a disfigured toe, his thumb nail is bitten through, and his fingers within reach of the rat, as he turned and bit this way and that way, are more or less lacerated. Mr. Robert Robertson, of Hoyle's Plainsl (sic.) farmer, an old settler in that district, died sud- denly on the 30th ult. whilst repairing a fence near his house, the cause being disease of the heart. A company to work the New Cornwall mine has been started in London. The Robe correspondent of the Advertiser mentions that Charles, aged 10, son of Sir James Fergusson, had a narrow escape of being drowned at Robe, on the 24th ult., having swum rather far from the shore, and being unable to get in against the swell. His sisters and the female attendants were on the beach, the latter of whom made off to get a boat, but Miss S. G. Ferguson, who is about 14 years of age, being an expert swimmer, and seeing the imminent danger of her brother's position, tucked her clothes about her, and plunged in, followed by her sister Edith, when by taking hold of his belt they were enabled to assist the boy to land, thereby saving his life, as a boat could not have reached him in time to be of use. The Misses Fergusson were taught swimming by Mrs. Bastard, of the City Baths. 