DEATH OF AN IRISH SMUGGLER. In ' Scribner'a' there is the following gra phic description, by Mr. Froude, of the death of a famous Irish smuggler of the 18th century: It was a strange place, close to the tea,, amidst rocks and bogs and utter desola tion. Near it stood the wreck of a roof less church, and yet the older ruin of some Danish pirate's nest. The shadowy form of the brigantine was visible through the grey sheet of falling rain, at anchor in the harbour, and from the rocks in the en trance came the moaning of the Atlantic swell. Morty, looking for no visitors on such a night, had neglected to post sen tinels. The house was surrounded, and the wolf was trapped. The dogs inside were the first to take alarm. A violent barking was heard, and then suddenly the door was thrown open. Morty ap peared in his shirt, fired a blunderbuss at the men who were nearest him, and re tired. A volley of small arms followed from the windows and slits in the wall. One soldier was killed and three others wounded. The strictest orders had been given to take Morty alive if possible, and the fire was not at first returned. The house was evidently full of men ; eighteen of them bolted, one after the other, in the hopes of drawing the troopB into pursuit. Each, however, was caught and examined, and, when found not to be the man whom the party came in search of, was let go. At last there were but five left in the house. Morty saw his time was come. He did not choose to be taken, and deter mined to die like a man. He sent oat his wife and child, who were with him, with a request that their lives might be saved. The officer in command received them kindly, and gave them such pro tection as he could. Morty himself re fused to surrender; it was determined to set fire to the thatch, and wild fire was thrust under the eaves. The straw was soaked with wet, and long refused to catch. At last it blazed up; the flames seized the dry rafters ; the roof fell in; and amidst the burning ruins, Morty and his four remaining companions were seen Btanding at bay, blunderbuss in hand. He was evidently desperate, and to save life it was necessary to shoot him. The soldiers fired: Morty fell with a ball through his heart. Two of his com panions fell at his side; the other two were taken, the same two, it so happened, who had been Morty's companions at the murder of Puxley. One of them, little John Sullivan he was called, was perhaps Morty's kinsman ; the name of the other was Daniel Connell. The barony of Iveragh and Darxynane Abbey, where j the Connell's, or O'Connell's, of later celebrity, had already established them selves, was but seven miles across the water; and it is thus possible, and even probable, that Daniel Connell, who had assisted at Pulley's murder, and escaped the bullets at Olernderry, was a scion of the same family which, in the next gene ration, produced the Liberator. The weather making it impossible to carry off the brigantine, she was sunk, when daylight came, at her anchorage. The fire was extinguished ; the ruins of the house were searched, and Morty's account books {he was punctual as Dirk Hatteraick himself in his money tran sactions), his bills, noteB, and papers were found uninjured. .Among them were found letters from many persons of con sequence in the country, showing that they were accomplices in the assassination of the revenue officers. Twenty ankers of brandy and a few chests of tea had been destroyed by the fire. Morfcy's body was carried to Cork. His head mouldered upon a spike over tlie gate of the South jail. The rest of him was buried in the battery. The prisoners can be traced to the jail; there is no mention that either of them was hanged, but of their further fate the records are Bilent. So ended one of the last heroes of Irish imagination, on whose character the his torian, who considers that he and such as he were the natural outgrowth of the legislation to which it was thought wise and just to submit his country, will not comment uncharitably. He had qualities which, had Ireland been nobly governed, might perhapB have reconciled him to its rulers, and opened for him an honourable and illustrious career. At worst he might have continued to serve with his sword a Catholic sovereign, and might have paved his way with it to rank and distinction. He was tempted home by the opportuni ties of anarchy and the hopes of revenge. In his own adventurous way, he levied war to the last against the men and the system under which Ireland was op pressed. When he fell, he fell with a courage which made his crime" forgotten, and the ghost of his name still hovers about the wild shores of the Kenmare river, of which he was BO long the terror | and the pride. READY WIT.-It is related that when James Russell Lowell was last in Rome, a mendicant monk met the poet in the Corso one day, and asked for a contribu tion to repair a monastery. " You should not ask me for aid," remarked Lowell in choice Tuscan, " for I am a heretic." " That makes no difference," replied the astute friar, " your money is orthodox." The poet appreciated the witticism, and made the contribution asked for. Holloway's Pills.-Look to Your Health. -Any abrupt change in the weather al ways causes much disordered action in the human body. It is a matter of pri mary importance to rectify every irre gularity without delay, which it is in the power of every one to do by taking Hol I loway'a Pills. These pills are the best preventives of indigestion, and the mild est aperients ever prescribed. They purify and cool the blood, and equalise the cir culation through the system, even to the minutest vessel of the skin. They act ad mirably on the liver and kidneys; by these salutary effects many ailments are averted, and more serious illness pre vented. Persons subject to bilious at tacks, flatulency, gout, rheumatism, and rheumatic gout, w3l be benefited by this treatment.-Advt. Woman shows her fondness for the unity by always waiting to be won. 