OUR PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. QIk appropriating a portion of our space for this particular purpose, it is our intention to criticise in a fair and impartial manner, giving praise where praise is due, and to suggest or condemn when occasion necessitates, in a fearless bat honest spirit. We take this step believing tliat a con siderable amount of interest is taken in the opera, drama, and other amusements by the 30,000 resi dents in the districts amongst whom wc circu late.] THEATRE ROYAL. Mr. Fairclough, the great tragedian, has ap peared ! and the usual ainouut of discussion again ensues as to whether "Hamlet" was mad or otherwise. Shakespeare is so much forgotten in. these days, that a majority of the audience who frequent theatres go to compare one aetor with another who has played in such a character,and not to hear the beauties of the poet's language. Mr. Fairclough has met with a deal of this compari son, and in many points he has showed himself equal to the ordeal, and is deserving of credit in no small degree. He appears to have studied the character with a large amount of scholastic learning, and some of his scenes are remarkably good. I find that a great mauy take the late Mr. Walter Montgomery's " Hamlet" as an example of excellence and worthy of study by others, but in" my mind few actors hare given us such an artistic rendering of the character as Mr. Barry Sullivan, and this opinion is being fully endorsed by the press in the old country. Mdle. Eugene Legrand's Ophelia is a gigantic mistake, and unless she shows more ability in other characters, I shall have to add her to the long list of failures introduced by the Koyal management, I could fancy that a more truthful Ophelia could not be found in this colony to equal either Miss Hattie Shepparde or Miss Eleanor Carey, and would therefore suggest that either of these talented young ladies should have a place in the cast of Shakespeare's masterpiece, " Hamlet." Mr. Ire land (who every one will be glad to learn has recovered from his recent illness) appeared in his former character of Claudius the King of Hen mark, and played the part with his wall- known ability. Miss Adelaide Bowriug (Mrs. Steele) made her first appearanco after an absence of some years in the part of Gertrude the Queen of Denmark. This talented actress met with a most: enthusiastic welcome on Monday evening last. Mr. Stuart O'Brien somewhat disappoiuted me in his conception of the character of Polonius, as I believed that he well qualified to take the place of the late Mr. G-. H. Rogers in that part. Mr. Harwood assayed the part of the Ghost as well as might bo expected from him, and the othei\char acters were assumed with more less ability. The tragedy was preceded by the laughable farce of " A Case of l'icklcs," in which Messrs. J. Dunn and J. R. Greville kept the audience in good humor. On Friday evening last there was the largest audiences that over assembled within the walls of the new theatre. present;to congratulate Mr. G. R. Ireland on his recovery from his severe illness, and the reception this talented actor received on his making his appearance in the character of Jack Poyntz in the comedy of "Sishool," was such as to make him remember for a long time to come a Melbourne audience's appreciation of one, of its favorites—the applause was.most enthusiastic and prolonged. Mr. Ireland appeared inucli -reduced and showed sighs of the sovero trial he has re cently undergone. At tho termination of the first act, in answer to an unanimous call, he camo be fore tho curtain and thanked the audience for the kindly feeling evinced towards him and 'for their appreciation of his past services'; Mr. Harry Kickards for his voluntary assistance that evening; aud to his medical attendants and the press for their attention during his illness. ST. GEORGE'S HAliXi. Messrs. Hainford, Kelly and la ITeuilladc's Minstrels at this favorite placo of amusement have been well patronised during the past week, and deservedly so, inasmuch as their company em braces artists of the first rank in their profession —vocal, instrumental, and terpsichorean. There is some very pretty ballad singing in the first part and tho negro comicalities of Messrs. Kelly aud Medina are interspersed with some of Mr. T. H. Rainsford's well-known descriptive songs. The evening's entertainment concludes with a very amusing negroic sketch. THE OPEItA HOB3E. I must roscrvo my notice on the opera until a future issue, as I have not yet. had an opportunity of hearing the company at their new house. NARCISSE. 