WILL OF NAPOLEON 111. (from l'ordrb.) In the I 'tier part of December, 1872, the Emperor, feeling on aggravation of the symp toms of tbe disease which was so soon to prove fiital, and indulging no illusory hopes of the oltimate success of the operation which hie physicians had declared to be indispensable, pap anxious, before resigning himself to tbeir care, to express in writing his |«et will and testament. ff,L ~ Wnnplflftn 111. 18 (ie it. ite to f— »te itl. ;bt Je .of id er ng r's of .uueriiance ot tbe present generation, for whose instruction it was written. It will be noticed tbat this will is boilt np of a series of notes, thoughts, and reflections, provisione, remembrances, written in med itative mood, during the tedious hours of exile. At tbe very moment when the Emperor ?aw rising before him the probabilities of an impending catastrophe, he rested satisfied with tbe compilation of these nnteB, to which be was hardly aware that he was giving tbe last touch. This is the document we speak of, and which we print without reflecting or com menting on : — ' In the name of the Very Holy Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. ' Made aware by onheard of tniBfortnue of tlie uncertainty of worldly concerns at an age wben it may please Divine Providence, after ro many cruel trials, to withdraw me from this life before I heve been eble personally to fulfil the mission which I had dreamt of ac complishing, I owe it to tbe honour of my name, to my responsibility before hietory, to tbe fntnre of my race, to bequeath to my son, with my paternal embrace and tny ardent aspirations, such instructions as may - guide hiB conduct, 10 tbe hope tbat Heaven, soothed by the overwhelming catastrophes which have fallen on tbat beloved French nation, « ill abet him in bis endeavours to reinvest his country with its past glory, prosperity, . and grandeur. ' Weighed down by the most unmerited and moBt infamous accusations, I bave hitherto left to history, ever impartial and ever true, tbe care of my justification. ' During the twenty years that I was called upon by tbe nations! will to manage tbe affairs of France I have reigned in dependently of any care with Tegard to' dynastie interests or personal satisfaction. I feel the legitimate pride of being able to de clare (hat I have brought that country to the highest degree of pro t peri ty, influence, and tdat that it bas ever - beea given to any monarchy nf tbe past to enjoy. While main taining order in the interior, aad npposiif* a» iron band to tbe baneful covetotianeas of tbe dixinhnrited classes. I have brought all my 1 efforts to bear on tbe moral, political; and j social emancipation of tlie labourer. Under I no othei regime has the -- workman been in a ! more prouperoUB condition. Never have the relations between capital and lahonr been carried on in a morp peaceful and satiafictory ' Way. I ? ' Notwithstanding the renown of military glory which attached to the founder of my race, I bad dreamed, I bad desired to ex clusively devote my reign to those efforts of democratic and sooial emancipation ; aud wben, at tbe opening of my career as a sovereign 1 said at Bordeaux . that ' the Empire was peace,' I expressed the most sincere conviction that was ever conveyed to Europe end to the wotld. ' Jiut next to the aspirations of iny heart were the duties of the tnnnach, and. wben T was enduced to draw the sword it was never for any other motive than to defend, to affirm, or protect the interests or the honour of Ft 1 lice. Iu Crimea, in Italy, in Chin 1, in Cocbincbins, in Asia-Minor, tlie triumphs of my gallant army have exalted the grandeur of th-- onntry. ' At the time of lifo wben I em panning three lines in tbe expectation of soon appear ing before God, who will judge me, I refrain to set myself up as a judge for other*. I leave to my son, witb tbe recommendation of nltim -tely making such use of them as the bouonr of my name and his own may require, tbe complete series of documents which w ill show that, in respect to the Mexican ex pedivo 1, interrupted by imperious motives of international rignt, and also to tbat last and fatal war against Prussia, I once more had solely in view tbe honour and interests uf the country who for tbe third time iu the space of twenty years had by a signal vute ei.trust ed its destinies to my keeping. 'History will explain bow a series of fatal and unforeeen misfortunes, inevitable cas ualties, improvident advices, disappointed provisions, improbable results ended in the failure of tbe most generous effort ever at tempted to affirm tbe prerogatives aud pre dominance of Fiance. ' An unmentionable crime has com plicated the catastrophe, and while at Sedan I jeopardised my personal safety to secuie that of ray aruiy, and to con clude a necessary place, in Paris br»i- less demagogues were working the ruin of Frauce 'y affording to the cjiiqu*ring enemy the prospect of a revolution egeinBt their legiti mate sovereign. 'A day, which is not far distant, will when France will kaow tbe truth on all the facts and many other topies which have been distorted by calumny anil tbe animus of p ili t-cal parlies, and on that day Franco, after undergoing eo many trials, will recall to mind tbe twenty years of glory, happiness, and prosperity which she owed to the r-iga of Napoleon. Th - instincts - f tbe people are monarchial, and no monarchy can reinstate France in a safer position than the conqueror of Austerlttz. If Providence deems my mission aa 0 n plisbed, and bequeaths to my. son the tisk of carrying out this work of reparation, nnder the guidance of his excellent mother, my worthy nnd beloved « ife, and that of the de voted friends who have remained faithful to 3ie, I advise him t-) revert to the principles which inspired my acts at the beginning of my reign, viz , or ler within, p ace abroad, Europe has been too greatly agitated by the recent wars of tlie latter years, and France may regain her prestige and her grandeur without appealing to force. Tho reign of my son mnst not be one of renrisals. but one of re- I pnration. Peace within end nithont. And should the necessity of upholding the national honour compel him to draw tbe swoid, let bim rely withont fear on the coinage of tbe French army, too accustomed to see victoty crown ite efforts under tbe Imperial eagle to remain bowed down under tbe influence of a tempor ary disaster. ' Let him at home especially apply himself to developing the welfare of tbn working clas ses. Let him beware of the enticement held sut by certain pretended liberal doctrines, which onder hollow tbeoi ies, conceal cruel dis appointments. | ' Let him see thnt respect is shown to the j legitimate prerogatives of religion, which con stitute tbe basis of all social order. In award ing a necessary share in Ihe management of pnblic affairs to the free debates of the tribune and tbe press, let bim protect the Country against tbe excesses of those discussions which prove such fruitful sources of barren end dan gerous agitation. Trueliberty is order — order upheld in the interest of all and every one, 'The experiment of tbe last event hss shown that natioi-sare seldom gratef il. France who had done everything for the enfranchise ment of other countries, found herself dee r ed at a time of supreme necessity. International alliences should be founded on the interests, - on the hopes, aud not on lights and memories -f the past. In a powerful, well-appointed army clever diplomacy will find a eevereign help to its action. My son's endeavours should all tend towards ensuring the soldier's comfort. With a monarchy firmly grounded on a mighty army, France, without having re course to arms, may repair tbe disasters of war. Tbe calamities conseqnent on succes sive insurrections daring tbe last two years have not been able to shake the foundations of the financial prosperity laid by tbe Empire The Empire uill render that prosperity a; flourishing as heretofore. ' But to Bttain this result, at the same time that it is necessary to proudly display before foreign nations tbi flag of Franoe— even re spected, notwithstanding our unmerited dis asters—it is incmnbent on the nation to insist withont v'eakness, without concession, with out compromise, tbat at home tbe principle of authority which the nation will onoe more hasten to consecrate shall be respected.' 