T H E CAPTAIN OF THE VULTURE. "Lady Audley't Secret," "Aurora Floyd," tie., <tc., <tc. CHAPTER XX. COMMITTED FOn TDIAt. BY THE AUTHOB OF • Millicent started when they told her that Ghe would leave Compton for Carlisle as soon as the only postchaUe in Compton, which of course belonged to the inn and posting-house kept by Samuel Pecker, could be prepared for her; but she evinced no other surprise whatever. The written depositions were folded and locked in the justice's desk ; the clerk retired;, and the prisoner was left in safe keeping of Hugh Martin and his fellowconstablp, to await the coming of the postchaise which was to carry her the first stage of ber dismal journey. Darrell and Sarah remained with her to the last, only purling from her at the door of the chaise. The young man took tier in his arms before he lifted her into the vehicle, and pressed his lips to her cold forehead. " Listen to me, Millicent, my beloved and my darling," he said, " and keep the memory of my -wordB with you in your trouble, for they are no idle promises. I dedicate my life to the solution of this mystery. Remember this, Millicent, end fear nothing. I have powerful friends, and can get all needful help in the unravelling of this dark enigma. Trust me, darling, trust ine, and rest in peace. Think every day tlrat I am working for you; and sleep tranquilly at night, knowing that even in the night my blind will be busy planning the work of the morrow. The mystery shall be solved, darling Bnd speedily. Believe this, and have no fear. And now, God bless you, my own dear love, and farewell!" He'kissed her once more before he lifted her into the vehicle. In the last glimpse which Darrell and Sarah had of her, she was sitting quietly, with Hugh Martin by her side looking out at them through the window of the chaise. The dusky afternoon closed about'the horses as they galloped off; the wheels of the vehicle rolled away through the snow as noiselessly as if it , had .been some ghostly chariot drawn by spectral steeds; and she was gone. It was to be observed that neither Millicent Duke nor the old woman, Mrs Meggis, bad made any allusion to the stranger who called at the Hall a few hours before the discovery of the murder. The truth was, that the circumstance, being apparently unconnected with the terrible event of the night,.had been completely blotted out of the addled brain of the deaf housekeeper, as well as from the mind of Mrs Duke. CHAPTER XXI. THE FOREIGN-LOOKING PEDLAR FATS A SECOND VISIT TO THE BLACK BEAR. Tn ree days after Millicent's -removal to Carlisle, an unlooked-for visitor made his appearance at the Black Bear. . This visitor was no less a personage than the west-country baronet, whom Sarah Pecker had last seen close against the doors of St. Mary's church, London. This distinguished visitor arrived in the •dusk ci the evening by "the Marley Water coach, alone and unattended, but wrapped in a princely traveling cloak bedizened with fur, and wearing the flaxen wig and velvet coat, the glittering sword-hilt and military boots with, clanking spurs, and all those braveries which had made such an impression at the Bear a short time before. Striding straight up to the bar, where Samuel Pecker sat in an attitude of melan choly abstraction staring at the fire, the westcountrv baronet inquired if bis friend Captain Duke tad left any message for him. Samuel, overpowered by the sudden menof this name, which since the murder seemed to carry a • ghastly significance. of its own, bad only s'-ength to - murmur a feeble negative' " Then," said Captain Fanny, " I consider it d ' d unhandsome of him!" He looked so fiercely at.Samuel, that the landlord, being, as we know, of a nervous temperament, began to think tlitt he might be in some way held accountable for Captain Duke's short comings, and felt himself called upon to apologise! " Why, the truth of the matter is, sir," he stammered, faltering -tinder the light of the west-country baronet's searching black eyes, " that when, people have their throats cut in tbeirsleep—no notice being given es to its going to be dope—they're apttole^ve these little matters unattended to," " People have, .their throats .cut in their sleep 1" echoed the highwayman: " What people ? Whose throathasbeen cut ? man can't you t" ... " Don't be violent," said Samuel; " please don't be ^violent. We've been a a good deal shook by what's been' going, forward these last few days at Comptonfor there are shocks the strongest constitution can't stand against My wife Sarah .keeps her bed ; nnd my nervee, never overmuch,are of very little Bccoubt just now.' Give me time and I'll explain everything.". " Give yori time, man," cried Captain Fanny; "can't you answer a' plain question without 'beating about the bush for. an hour ? whose throat has been cut ?" "Captain D'ukeV • "Captain Duke has Lad his throat cut !" " From ear'tp aar!" " Where?—when?" , . . " At Compton Halt—on tha night of bis return." "Andthat .waB—" "Fiveuighti ego." , ,, " Good heavens l- this is most extraordinary,' exclaimed, the" baronet. "George Duke "returned five nights since, and murriered.lipoij $)i»''ijinr night pt bis j-eturni t Btit bywbom—-by whom ?" " Ah, there it is." cried Samuel Pecker piteously;thBtVwliat'hasupset everybody ot Compton, including Sarah,' who took her bed -the day'lSBfoM ^'teyday; never before having been aday out flf the business since she Erst jet^opfjja, the^Black-Bear, wherpby everything » at sixes and jaereni/and Joseph, the waiter, w«)ys:jth»}<noM; ^sober-of men while Sarah kept the drank two nights mora sympathy than grammar. " Mrs L'uko accused of her husband's murder f" " Yes, poor dear! how should she do it,— a poor delicate creature with scarce strength enough in her wrist to carve a chicken, let aIon6 a turkey ? How shoiild she do it, I should like to know; and if she did do it, where's the body f How can there murder without a body ?" exclaimed Mr Pecker, returning to the part of the question which had always been loo much for him; why, the very essence of a murder is the body. What is the worst inconvenience to the murderer ? Why, the body! What leads to the discovery ofthe murder f Why, the body ! What is tlie good of the coroner's juries f Why, to sit upon the body! Then how can" ' them 'he a murder without a body ? It's my belief that Captain Duke is alive and well, hiding somewhere— maybe nigh at hand to this very place—and laughing in his sleeve to think of his poor wife being-Tuspectert "of Winking aVviSy with' him. He's wicked enough for it, and it would lie only like him to do it." Captain Fanny was silent for a few moments, thinking deeply. ' " Strange—strange—strange !" he said, rather to himself than to the innkeeper; " 6ome men are unlucky from the first, and that man was one of 'eui. Murdered on the night of his return; on the very night on which lie thought to have fallen into u good thing. • Strange!" " Don't say murdered," remonstrated Samuel; " say missing." "Missing or murdered—it's pretty much the same,, if he never comes back, man, Then, supposing Mrs Duke to be tried and found guilty, the Compton Hall property will go to tlie Crown ?" " I suppose it will," answered Samuel ; "these sort of things generally falls to the Crown. The Crown must feel an uncommon interest in murders." " Now, look you here, Samuel Pecker," said the distinguished guest; " the best thing you can do is to bring a bottle of decent Madeira with yau, and show me the way to a snug sitting-room, where you can tell me all about this business." The innkeeper desired nothing better than this. He had sprung into popularity in a most sudden, and almost miraculous manner since the murder at Compton Hall, and that examination- before Justice Dowers in whilb' he had played so prominent a part. And now he found himself called upon to relate tlie story of Captain Duke's disappearance to no less a person than the elegant West-country baronet, wliose appearance was in itself enough to set the Black Bear in a flutter of excitement. Samuel Pecker was perfectly correct in his description of that hostelry, it was indeed at sixes and sevens. Betty the cook abandoned herself to the current of popular feeling, and was flurried and uncertain in all her movements, thinking a greatdealmoreoftliemurder than of ber culinary operations, and making perpetual blunders in consequence, encouraging gossips and slovenly loitering women to hang aliout the kitchen of the Black Bear, wasting half an hour at a time talking to the carrier at the back door, and altogether falling into an idle slipshod way, utterly out of the ordinary course; while the waiter Joseph added his quota to the general confusion, by getting up in the morning in a maudlin and reflective stage of semi-intoxication, lurking about all day in strange corners, wipiDg dirty glasses upon a dirtier apron, breaking four or five articles of crockeryware per diem, and going to bed early in the evening crying drunk. Sarah Pecker had been the keystone of this simple domestic arch ; and without her the whole edifice fell to ruin. The honest creature, unable to bear up against that bitter parting with her old master's daughter,' had taken to her bed, and lay there, refusing to be comforted. Poor Sarah bad no stronger mind on which to lean for consolation than that of her husband Samuel, for Darrell Markbam had quitted the Black Bear upon the night of Millicent's removal from Compton, leaving a brief note addressed to Mrs Pecker, and worded thus: " Dear Sarah.—I leave you on an errand which, I trust in Providence, may save my poor Millicent. Keep a good heart, and pray God to shield and comfort my afflicted darling. "Dahrell Markham Invalid though Mrs Pecker was, 6be was not destined to remain long undisturbed; for upon the very night on which Sir Lovel Mortimer': arrived at the Black Bear to keep that appointment with • his friend, Captain Duke, which death had stepped in to break, there came" another and equally unexpected "visitor to the head inn of the quiet Cumbrian village. Joseph the waiter, after weeping plentifully, and relating a new version of the occurrences ofthe qight.of the.murder.to a select party of listeners, content to hear him in the absence of hie master, who was closeted all that evening with his distinguished guest in the white parlour—Joseph the waiter tad bade goodnight to the ordinary'customers of the Black Bear, locked the doors, and retired to rest. The infallible clock upon the landing-place had struck, eleven; Samuel and Captain Fanny were still drinking and talking in'the sitting-room above- st_airs; Sarah lay awake listening to the sign before the inn-door flapping to and fro in the night wind; and Betty the cook, waiting iest'the~disUnguishe.d visitor "in the white parlour should require supper, sat by the fire in the kitchen, sodding every now and: then over the grey, worsted stocking she was trying to darn. Presently the hand armed with the needle dropped by her side, her head fell forward ujion ber ample bosom, and Betty the cook fairly gave up. the struggle and fell fast asleep.' She seemed to ..have enjoyed a eluriber of .some hours, during which she had dreamed strange and complicated ' dreams—ationgst others, one wberein she had headed a party of searchers, who found, the body of Captain George. Duke standing bolt uptight in the little closet 1 under the stairs of her grandmother^ .cottagle in a neighboring village— wtiebi she ; was awakened suddenly -by a cautious tapping at the- kitchen' door; The clock upop the 6tfurs cbimed the quarter after eleven'ai : ihe jlariW.fiqlt upright in. fier^hair,' and ; with tiereyes fixed .in a Jtare that was almbstappplectio.i IttvasTmly a quarter past eleven,' andtheslnmberewbiohbadseBmed to oocupy hours had imly pasted, twenty minutes.- "r t ' i' , : 'f H . V* "'., . Honest Be'tty Vfirstimpulse $yas]to scream, as the beBt thing to' 'ba done.-under all er- 1 ordinary ^jrQUjnstances ; rbut. remembering. ' it! wis was no ordinary-time at the Black ippf, jiudlhat for the ,last five daysallsort* y : ynizan KJJ* «« 3'JAJI !•>--<•": ' of strange visitors had been coming at al kind of abnormal hours, she thought better of it, and going to the door quietly, unbolted it and looked out. A dark figure stood dose against the threshold, so muffled in the garments it wore, and so shrouded by the hat slouched over its eyes, that, though there was a feeble new moon shining faintly hi(?h above the roofs of stables and outbuildings, the visitor, whoever he might be, was not easily to be recognized. The heart of Betty the cook sank within ber; and a death-like chill, commencing at that indispensable organ, crept slowly upwards to the roots of ber hair. It would have been some relief now to have screamed, but the capacity for that useful exercise was gone, and the terrified woman could only stand staring blankly at the,figure on the threshold.' How, if ibis mysterious visitor should be that hoiriblo shadow or double of Captain George Duke, which had appeared three times before the murder. It had come, no doubt, to show the way to the hiding-place of the body, as is a common piactice with'the ghosts of murdered men, and it had selected Betty as the proper person to assist iu the search. liven in the agony of her terror, a vision -of possible glory shaped itself in the mind of this simple country-woman, and she could but remember lioiv she would doubtless rise in the estimation of all Compton after such an adventure. But as a humble-minded member of the corporation ,will refuse some civic honour, as weight loo ponderous for him to bear, so Betty, not feeling equal to the occasion, sacrificed the opportunity of future distinction, and sounded the prelude of a long screnm. Before she could get beyond this prelude a heavy hand was clapped upon her open mouth, and a gruff voice asked her what she meant by making such a d d tool of herself. Now as this is by no means the mavner in which phantoms and apparitions are accustomed to conduct themselves—those shadowy folk generally confining ttiemselres to polite pantonine and courteous beckonings towards the lonely places in which their business ordinarily ' lies — Betty took courage, and drawing a long breath of relief, asked her visitant what his business was, and if he wasn't ashamed of himself for turning a p(>or girl's " whole mask of blood." Not deigning to enter into any discussion on this remarkable physical operation, the stranger pushed the cook aside, and strode part her into the great kitchen, which was dimly lighted by the expiring fire' and one guttering tallow candle. Relieved from her first terror, Betty was now able to perceive that this mysterious stranger was a taller and a bigger man than George Duke, and .that his figure bore no resemblance whatever to that of the murdered sailor. He stood with his back to the hearth, slowly unwinding a great woollen shawl from his neck, when she followed him into the kitchen. This done, be threw off his-hat, pushed his great hand through his short grizzled hair, and stared defiantly at the girl.' The stranger was the fortign-lonking pedln r who had robbed Mrs Pecker of her wntcb 1 purse, and silver spoons, in that very kitchen, six years before. Yes, he was the foreignlooking pedlar, but by no means the same prosperous individual be had appeared at that period. His hair, then hanging in sleek greasy blue-blnck ringlets, had lost it* purple lustre, and was now coarse and grizzled, and cropped cloie to his head in a manner by no means becoming. His gaunt frame was strangely clad, liis coat-sleeves torn from cuff to shoulder, only held together here and there by Bhreds of packthread, his dingy blue striped sailor's shirt banging in rags upon his broad chest, which was protected by neither coat nor waistcoat, for the first-numed garment was too much tattered to meet across his breast, and the last was altogether missing. One toot was shod in a great leathern boot which came above the wayfarer's knee, the other in an old shoe tied about his naked ankle with rags nnd packthread. The pedlar had been fut and comely to look upon six years before, hut now his massive frame was strangely wasted, the torn coat and wretched shirl, hanging loosely about a bony angular form. No earrings now glistened in bis ears; no massive rings ot rich bavVmric gold adorned his big muscular hands. A gaunt terrible half-starved desperate-looking vagabond stood upon that hearth where once bad stood the smart and prosperous foreign pedlar. Betty was preparing to begin scream number two when the intruder thrust his hand suddenly into his pocket, and taking thence a great clasp knife, exclaimed fiercely,'— " As sure as I do stand here, woman, if you lift your voice-above a whisper, I'll put such a mark upon that wizen ot yours as will 6top your noise for ever." He opened the knife with a sharp snap, like the report of a miniature pistol, and looked admiringly at the weapon—not as if he, were thinking of it in connection with the particular threat he bad just enunciated, but rather as" if he were reflecting what a handy thing'it was in a general way. Then remembering bimsplf, be shut the knife with a second sharp snap, dropped it into his capacious pocket, and looked Bgain at tlie'cook. " Sit you down there," he said, pointing to the chair upon which Betty had dropped her work when she rose to open the door, " Sit you down there, my lass, and answer the questions I've got to ask—or;—r" He thrust his band back into his pocjtft, by way of a finish to bis sentence. Betty dropped into the chair indicated as submissively as if she had been before Mr Montague Bowers, justice of the peace. " Where's your missus, my lass ?" asked the pedlar. HI abed." _ " And your muster V \ Betty described Samuel's whereabouts. "So," muttered the man, "your missus is ill abed, and your master is in the white parlour, a-drinking wine with a gentleman. •What gentleman ?" Betty was not particularly good at remembering names; but after considerable reflection, sho snid that the. gentleman was called Sir Lovel Sumtnat. • The pedlar burst into abig laugh—a harsh and hungry kind of teBchinnntinn, which seemed to come from n half- starved frame—a liokree grating noise, as of bnman machinery whioh bad grown.rnsty'and out of order. "Sir Lovel 'Sunmat," he said; "if isn't Mortimer,Js it V • \- 38br;4«jfotf imfo*Jfetty;• - 1 ^ The pedlar Jaugbflfl bgain; "'J • s '" Sir Iiovel Mortimer, Is it f Welj, that's •tonga (tVitfyjelrAfige, tliacbif toll ni^lits'oa't of three hnndred and sixty *odd' aa ^o ttf a ear, Sir-Lovel-shoutd -pick this -night for ( -ti .vi-^?!^-^, being atCompton-on-the-Moor. Has he often been here before F" "Never but once; and that were last Christmas. He's a rare riotous gentleman, but pleasant- spoken, and uncommon free with his money," said Betty, emboldened by thf pedlar's hoarse laughter. The cook-maid bad never heard of that class of assassins who can " murder while they smile," and fancied herself safe, now that the pedlar was disposed to be conversational. " Uncommon free with bis money, is he P" repeated the tramp. " He's a lucky dog to have money to buy folks' good word. And he's here ..to-night ? It's a strange world. J know Sir Lovel Mortimer; and Sir Lovel Mortimer knows me—intimately." Betty looked rather inpredulpus at (bis. assertion. 1 " \ " AY,.you mny stare, tny lass," muttered the pedlar; "hut it's gospel truth for all that I suppose this barownight of yours wears a fine gpli-laccd coat now,, daa'l he ?' " It's silver lace," the girl answered; " and the Uaqdte bf 'iiU .ejword^sJilhpil JikK diamonds nnd lii's eyes is blacker than bis hoots and brighter -than the buckles in bis-lace -cravat; - and ain't he a daring one too!" exclaimed Betty., recalling a skirmish 6he had had with Capini'n Fanny in a dark passage on the occasion of that gentleman having attempted to kiss her. "Oil, he's a daring one, is he?" growled the stranger. " I'm afraid his daring will carry him a step too far one of these days, if he don't take rare what he's about, and not make ill-friends with those who can blow him —ay, and has the will to do it, if he turns contrairy. I suppose he's in high feather, eh my lass ?" Betty stared at him vaguely. The figure of speech was beyond her comprehension. " He's in the white parlour," she said, " alo&g; with master." " Look you. here, missus cook," said the pedlar; " talking's poor work on an empty stomach, and I haven't had a mouthful to put into mine since tlie break of this cold winter's day; so I'll trouble you for a bit of victuals and a drop of drink before we go on any further." Seeing something like hesitation in the girl's face, he brought his hand heavily down on the table with a terrible oath. " Fetch me what I want f" be roared; d'ye hear 1 Do you thiuk there's anything in ihis house that I can't have for the asking." In her confusion and terror Betty brought a strange selection of food from the wellstocked pantry. Betty disappeared for a few minutes, during which she could hear the terrible guest growling threateningly in the kitchen, and then she came back to the hungry stranger laden with a cold sirloin, the carcase of a chicken which had been cooked for Captain Fanny's dinner, a couple of raw onions, a bunch of dried herbs, half a jam tart; and a lump of fat bacon. But the pedlar had no mind to be critical. He pounced liko some ravenous beast upon the viands set before him, hacking great slices off the joint with his clasp-knife, and not waiting fo<* so much as a grain of salt to give relish to his food. He ate with such savage rapidity that his meal lasted a very short time, and then, after pushing the dish away from him with a satisfied grunt, he gasped fiercely the one word— " Brandy." Betty shook Iter head. She explained to him that drink of any kind was impossible, as tbe bar was locked and the key in her master's You're a nice hospitable lot of people,'' said tbe pedlar, rubbing his band across his greasy mouth; "Now look you here: it!s double business that has brought me all tbe way from the county of Hampshire to Compton-on-the-Moor, tramping through frost and snow, and sleeping under haystacks nnd in empty barns, until I've been as nigh being froze to death as ever a man was that lived to tell of it. That business is first and foremost to tee your missus; and secondly, to meet a friend as I parted company with above a fortnight back, and as promised to meet me here, but I expect I've got here before him. Now that friend is a gentleman bred and born, and his name is Cap'en George Duke, of the Vulture." Betty, the cook, clasped her bands imploringly. " Don't!" 6be cried, " don't! This makes two this blessed night; for him as is upstairs said lie came here by appointment with the' murdered gentleman." " What murdered gentleman ?" Betty told tbe story which had been so ofteo told Within the last five days. She told it in rattier a gasping and unintelligible manner, but still with sufficient clearness to make ihe pedlar acquainted with the one great, fact of tbe Captain'6 uiurdnr. " His throat was cut from ear to ear. on the very same night as became back," 6aid the mao; '* that's an awkward business. He'd better have stopped where he was, I reckon. So there was no money took nor plate, arid liis pretty young wife is in Carlisle gaol for tbe murder. That's a queer story. I always thought that Gsorge Duke had the devil's luck and bis own too, but .it seems that his luck and tbe devil both failed him at last." ' Now the' reader may perhaps remember that, on tbe hearing of the murder, Captain Fanny bad made an observation to the effect that the murdered man bad been an unlucky fellow from first to last; whereby it may be perceived bow very widely the opinions of two people may differ op on a given subject. " So Cap'en Duke is murdered—a bad look-out for me!" muttered the pedlar; '' for ] had a bold upon my gentleman as would bare made his bouse mine and his purse mine to tbe end of my days. I'd best see your missus without losing any more time, my lass. Is her room anywhere - nigh the parlour whero your master and the barrownigbt's a- sittiq'?" . -" No; missus's room is at tbe other end of the corridor." " Then go and tell ber .that bim as -come here jsix winters ago, and took tbe little present as-she was kind enough to pive him, has' poms back, and wants to see ber without loss bf'time." Sarah Pecker lay awake, with a great family Bible open upon the table by ber bed. JShe lifted her bead fiom the pillow BB Betty ran, breathless, into the room, for she saw from tbe girl's face that - something bad Again !" she cried, when tbe cook bad jold ber of the man waiting below; ."again! H pw cruel, bow cruel, thlitita should come at. eiichja time as this; when my mind is full of the thought^ of pior- Miss- Millicent, and when t'/e jb een praying-night andday for something W happen to clear hftr'diarVtfame. It does teem herd." — •'There's many things in this life that seem hard," said a voice close against the half-open door, as the gaunt pedlar strode unceremoniously into the room; " Starvation's bard, and a long "tramp through the snow with scarce a shoe to your foot is bard, and many things mora as T could mention. You mny go, young woman," ba added, addressing himself to Betty, and pointing to the door, " you may go; and remember that what I've got to say is more interesting to your misBiis than to you, so you've no need to listen outside; but just keep a look-out, and give us warning if either your master or his guest leave tbe white parlour. You understand; 80 Lest, after all, she should fail in comprehonding hitp, the pedlar laid his rough hand 'tipoa that particular part of MiBtresB Betty's an atomy commonly called tlie scruff of the neck, and put ber outside the room. This done, he locked tbe door, walked ncross the . •ohamber,-and-BBBtad b1WS6lf JtelibSraTely In an" arm-cbair by the sick woman's bed. " Well, Mistress Sally," be said, staring about the room as he addressed Mrs Pecker jas'if'fookinpf f6f"&ny; articles oT'TiiTae that' might lurk here and in there in tbe shadowy light;. I" I suppose you scarcely looked to see me in such trim as this ?" He held up his gaunt arm and shook tbe torn coat-sleeve and the wretched rags of linen, to draw her attention to the state of bis garments. " I scarcely looked to see you at all after these six years," Sarah answered, meekly. " O, you didn't, didn't you, mistress ?— Mistress Pecker, as I. believe they call you hereabouts P No thanks to you for tbe compliment you paid my good sense. You ttiougbt that, after happening to come by chance into this part of the country, and finding you living in clover in this place, with money put by in the bank maybe, and silver plate, and good victuals, and prime old. wine, and the Lord knows what—you thought I was such a precious fool, after seein' all this, as to take about fifteen' poundwortb of property, and go away contented, and stay away for six years. You thought all that, did you, my lady ?" People bad called Sarah Pecker a sbraw. If tbey could have seen the white entreating face turned towards the stranger, tbe band lifted with such an appealing gesture, tbey might perhaps have altered their - opinion of ber. " I thought," she said, falteringly—" I thought you migbt.be pitiful enough, knowing what I had suffered from you in years gone by, and seeing that it'had pleased Providence to give me peace and comfort at last—I thought even your hard heart might have taken compassion upon me, ond that you would have been content to take all I had to give and to have gone quietly away for ever." Tbe pedlar looked at her with a fierce scornful smile. He lifted his arm for the second time, and this time he pushed back the rags and showed his wasted flesh. " Does this look alike as if I should have much compassion on you ?" he cried savagely —on you, wallowing here in comfort and luxury, with good food to eat and good wine to drink, and fires to warm you, and clothes to wear, and money in your pocket ? Why, if I was to sit here from now till daylight talking to yon, I could never make you understand what I've passed through in tbe six infernal years si ice I last came to this place." " You've been away at sea f" Never you mind where I've been I bavent been where men learn pitifulness, and compassion, and such fine sentiments as you've just been talking of. I've been where men are treated worse than dogs, nnd where they learn to be worse thin tbe fiercest bloodhound that ever turned against his master. I've been where human beings are more dangerous to each other than savage beasts; where men use their knives oftener than their tongues; and where, if ever there was a bit of love or pity in a poor wretch's heait, it gets trampled out and changed to bate. That's where I've been." " And you've come here to me to ask for money." said Sarah, look shirdderingly at the man's gloomy and desperate face. " Yes " " How much will satisfy you ?" " A hundred pound." She shook ber head despairingly. " I haven't thirty," she said; " every farthing I own in the world is. in that box yonder on the chest of drawers with tbe brass bandies. Tbe key's in the pocket of the gown that's hanging on the bed-post. You can take what there is, and welcome; but I've no more." " But you can get more," answered tbe man; "you can ask Mr Samuel Pecker." " No, no ! " " You won't ask bim ?" • " Not for one penny. 4 ' "Very good, mistress; then I will. I'll ask him fast enough; and if he sets any value on his faithful wifp. he'll give me what I ask, when I tell him -" . " O, -Thomas, Thomas!" \- She raised ber hands imploringly, and clung about the mnn as if to stop him from uttering some dreaded word; but he flung ber back upon the pillow. "I'll tell him thatTm your: lawful husband Thomas Masterson ; .and that at one word from me you'll have to pack aqt.of this bouse, and tramp wherever I please to take you." - For a.momentpoor Sally lay.back upon the pillow, her whole frame convulsed by tempestuous sobs. Then suddenly raising herself, she lookud the man full in.the face, and said deliberately,— " Tell him, then, Thomas Masterson! Tell him as how you're ray lawful husband as deceived and deluded, me when I was a poor ignorant girl—as beat and half-starved uie— as took me away:froin,frieqds;and home. Tell bim that you're my lawful husband, as stole my dear and only child away from me ..while I wb; ftsleep, anil as stayed away for seventeen long years, to come back at the last and claim me when I was a good man's happy wife,. not jfor apy love of me, but with a hope to rob jny. true irad faithful husband of biB money, Tell hlni that you're Thomas Masterson, smuggler, Bnd thief. But let me tell you first, that if yon dare to come between bim and, me, I'll' tiring those up against you as will ^ make you pay a dear price for your cruelty.". • Tbe pedlar tried to laugh at this speech, out. df you, Mrs Sarah," i't--taken it You won't able Badiuel Pecker " Not for one farthing." :» <,' -.'' \- " Supppse l ha^a^rptjtOiBellj^ii.diwaptQi a pricesof.!fy,wn»ld yon faiee'uie-inenejfJ'i, in ,-.>.!.••. ^ $.• Bow "A secret?" " Yes. You spoke just now of yonr son, I as you were so uncommon fond of. Suppose 1 could tell you where he is—within easy reach of you—would you give me a hundred pounds for the information f" Sarah shook her! head mournfully. i S ? "I know you, Thomas Masterson," ste said; " it's poor work to try and deceive me." " Look here," answered the pedlar; "you're uncommon suspicious to-nigbt; but I know it you take your Bible oath you won't break it. Swear to me upon this book, that if I tqll you where your son is, and bring him and TOU together, you'll let me have tbe hundred pounds within a week." He closed tbe Bible and placed it in ber hands: she pressed ber lips upon tbe cover of tbe volume. " I swear," she said, " by tbis blessed book." "Very good. Your son is now sitting with SBmnel' Pecker inihe parlouFatlhVother end of the corridor. He calls; himself Sir Lovel Mortimer,-and a ; very~dashing "gallant fine-spoken gentleman he bu^his friends, ctmipftnlbDB, and "the~J3ow Street runners call him Captain Fanny,.and ihejs t^ifl joftbe most 'ribtorious higtwikymeri who ever- played fast and loose with Jack: Ketch." . • CHAPTER XXH. MOTHER AND BON. Samuel Peckeb and bis goest, seated over their wine in tbe white parlour, between the hours of eleven and-twelve, were startled by the violent ringing of the bell communicating with Sarah's'bedchamber. Samuel was too good a husband not- to recognize the vibration of that particular bell;, and Sanjuel was too true to the instincts of the past not to quail a little "as be. heard it. Without stoppiog to apologize to his, .'distinguished . visitor, .be hurried from the. room and Blong the corridor to Sarah's chamber. The pedlar had left this apartment nndertbe convoy of Bettys who bad been ordered by Mrs'Pecker to find the gauntlooking wanderer a sleeping room - in one of the garrets in the' roof, or in some loft over the stable. Sarah was alone, therefore; when the landlord entered the room,.in answer to . tbe E loud summons of tbe bell. "Samuel," sbp said, clasping ber bands upon ber forehead, as "if to steady the bewilderment at'tbe brain within, "have I been mad or dreaming ? Who have you yonder in tbe white parlour ?" " The gentleman that came at Christmas, Sarah ; tue gentleman——" , : " The eyes—the restless, restless black pyes, like" my baby : 5, v ' cried Sarab, in a voice that was slinost a shriek. " I ought to bave known him by his eyes. I ought to have known " Her terrified husband thought thatsbe Was laving in some paroxysm of delirium. "Sarab," he said—"Sarah, whatis-it?" " The eyes," she repeated—" tbe eyes of the child voti've heard me tell of; the child I lost long Wore I knew you, Samuel; the child whose cruel father was my first husband, Thomas Masterson." • " But what of him to-night, Sarah ?" " Ay, what of bim to-night ?" she repeated wildly, pushing tbe hair off her forehead with both her feverish bands; " what of him tonight f Who is there in the white parlor ?" " Sir Lovel Mortimer," answered Samuel,"^ more and more convinced that his wife was distraught by the fever. Sir Lovel Mortimer, known to bis friends, comoanions, and the Bow Street runners as Captain Fanny," said Sarah slowly, repeating tbe words of Thomas Masterson; " let me see him." Samuel stared aghast. " Let me see him," she repeated. " See him—Sir Lovel Mortimer—the Westcountry baronet ?" " The youth with tho black eyes; the poor unliBppy boy; the Let me see him, let me see him." Samuel shrugged bis shoulders hopelessly. We know that be was r simple and faithful creature. It his -sick wife had asked bim to carry tbe moon to ber bedside, bis would,- no doubt, have made some feeble attempt- to gratify her. It was-8 email thing, then, to shuffle along the Corridor and request the baronet to visit tbe invalid's chamber. Sir Lovel might,. perhaps, be skilled in bloodletting and pharmacy, as some coimtrv gentlemen were in those days, thought the landlord, and he might be able to reduce this'terrible fever and delirium. Samuel accordingly did as his wife bade bim, and went and brought (be West-country baronet to her chamber,. It did indeed seem as if his presence had. some soothing influence upon theeick woman, for Sarah quietly motioped him to a seat by her bedside, and then turning with a white but tranquil face to Samuel Pecker, bade bim leave the room. (To be continued.) A cbobb old bnchslor suggests that births should be announced binder the bead of new music. - , . . „ - - Skizube of ,a Dbay&oap; of Brians, &c;, —On Wednesday last, at Gunning, Mr. Sabinspector Brpnn&n;, in bis .capacity oC local inspector of distilleries, made "a'seizure, oil behalf of the Cfown, of a drayload bf spirits, wine, &c.; It appears that Mr. (h Beypolds, of Baltinglass, near Gunning, is licensed 'to distil brnndy to fortify the wines made in his oxtensive vineyard, and ; on Wednesday Mr. Brennan, about seven miles on tho Yaaa 'side of 'Gunning, and on the mafo southern road, came upon a large and Well-built double waggon, tilted over, and drawn by eix valuable horses, tbe driver riding |ipoq a^yenth horse. ' Ou inquiring as to the contonts«f the waggon, the inspector,was informed ithot jt Wa^ wine,.' ea route to a station poseesed by.Mr Reynolds 1 1 'down the river." Mr Bronnan however, bad his doubts on tha subjept, ind 'wM fcb'bfino " broach a Cafek or two "with tt%imleeNtecb by ' some means was at hand,; when he waa told'it.' was "no use, as fbens brandy as well as " wine on the waggon;"' < ItwiBthen discovered : that theM-'Werd7'$Sr^9n r^kB^'bratid^i of unusual 'strength, and eeveh ,85-fjalJon eaaks .. with ihe waggon, Beven hordes, and other pro-' jierty, were at once declared to be confiscated, ' and taketi b&ok;^Outali^ Tire vatue : > tho property seized ..exceed^ £500, and, in additon. -Mr.-.&eynold;'s t Buratiesttreiikety'tobeceilledupontopAj'^IOO Urnnfe; 9 m m , ' waiting instructions from Mr^fftmUdaine, the ehiefj inspj^or.op^Jjtter^f I .miutidlsll jyT^urf^ " , ' 