RICHMOND NEW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. LAYING THE MEMORIAL STONE BY THE COLONIAL TREASURER. The ceremony of laying the memorial stone at the new Congregational Church in Bridge-street, Richmond, was performed yesterday afternoon by the Hon. P. O. Fysh (Colonial Treasurer). The event was to have been celebrated on Thursday last, but the weather on that day was such that the church committee had to postpone it. And they had their reward ; for not only did yesterday dawn with a bright and spotless sky, but it continued so throughout ; and, as a consequence, several vehicles loaded with ladies and gentlemen from the city countenanced the occasion, and assisted in giving eclat to the proceedings. Besides the Hon. Mr. Fysh and Mrs. Fysh, we noticed among the visitors the Revs. Geo. Clarke, W. C. Robinson, J. Wilkes Simmons, and J. Nisbet ; Mr. William Hodgson, M.H.A., Mr. James Salier, Mr. Woolley, Mr. Witherington, Mr. Stevens, and Mr. Weymouth, with several lady members of their families, together with a large number of gentry from the neighbourhood, including the Warden (Mr. Simmons.) The ground on which the base of the building is erected is situated at the angle of Bridge- street and Percy-street, and is in the heart of the township. The building is to measure 39 feet by 24 foot, and is computed to accommodate, when completed, about 120 persons. It will be of white freestone ; and if the builder, Mr. John C. Shipley, only carries out the plan of the architect, Mr. Rountree, - as he no doubt will - the new Con- gregational Church, Richmond, will be a decided acquisition to the place ; we mean, of course, from an architectural point of view. However, to the ceremony. A large company was collected on the spot shortly before one o'clock, and the visitors having taken places on a temporary platform specially erected for their accommodation, The Rev. T. B. TINNING (pastor) advanced to the front, and said that before commencing the ceremony of laying the memorial stone, he wished to make one or two remarks. In the first place he wished it to be distinctly and emphatically under- stood that the stone was not laid, nor was the building to be erected upon it to be dedicated, from any ill-will or bad feeling towards either of the other two churches that existed in Richmond. (Hear, hear.) But it was in the name of the Almighty God, and to the glory of the everlasting Father, the stone was to be laid, and the building erected. They were Christians ; they believed in the Lord Jesus Christ ; and as His disciples they believed in His essential Divinity ; they believed in His atonement ; they believed He was the only Mediator between God and man ; and finally they believed in the sanctifying influences of the Holy Ghost. They also believed in the power of prayer : they believed, as they of old did, that "The prayer of the righteous man availeth much." They believed that God is a spirit, and that "they who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth ;" and whilst they believed that He may be worshipped in the cottage of the poor, or in the palace of the rich, they at the same time belie- ved that "God loveth the gates of Zion" ; and that in building that Church in His honour and to His glory, they would surely secure his blessing upon it. (Hear, hear.) Although they were going to call it a Congregational Church, it would be none the less a house of prayer for all people. (Hear, hear.) Before concluding he wished to acknowledge the great assistance which they had received from outside their own Church. They had received nothing but kindness and liberality from all classes of the community, and from every denomination of Christians, and to one and all he wished to express his profoundest thanks. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. gentleman than gave out the hymn commencing This stone, to Thee, in faith, we lay ; We build the temple, Lord, to Thee ; Thine eye be open night and day, To guard this house and sanctuary. which was sung by the congregation ; Miss Searle accompanying on the harmonium. The Rev. W. C. ROBINSON then pronounced the dedication prayer, and the Rev. J. W. Simmons read a portion of Scripture, beginning at the 21st verse of the 4th chapter of St. John's Gospel. The Rev. Mr. TINNING then placed in the cavity a bottle containing, he said, a document giving a brief statement of the affairs of the old ohapel, and the gentlemen connected with it; also of the building now in course of erection, with the names of the trustees thereof ; of the honorable gentleman who was about to lay the stone ; of the office-bearers and of the ministers connected with the church ; and last though not least, the name of their old and respected friend Mr. Searle, to whose efforts was mainly to be attributed the origin of the new church. (Hear, hear). The bottle also contained copies of The Mercury, Tasmanian Independent, Christian Witness, Church News, and the People's Friend. Having deposited the bottle, the rev. gentleman continued : I have now the pleasure and the honour of presenting our much-esteemed friend, Mr. Fysh, with the silver trowel, which I do in the name of the Church and congregation. (Hear, hear.) I must say that we feel deeply indebted to him and to the many kind friends he has brought with him from town for the encouragement we have received from them, and particularly from himself for having undertaken to perform the ceremony of the day at what must have been a great sacrifice of time to him, considering the magnitude of his commercial affairs, and the important office he holds in the Government. (Hear, hear.) The trowel, which was a very neat one, was sup- plied by Mr. C. W. Gaylor, and had engraved upon it the words :- "Presented to the Hon. P. O. Fysh, Colonial Treasurer, on the occasion of his laying the memorial stone of the Congregational Church, Rich mond, Sept. 4, 1873." The Hon. P. O. Fysh then formally laid the stone, and in declaring it to have been duly laid, he said that he felt great pleasure in congratulating those present who were resident in the neighbourhood on the initiation of so important a work ; and he felt the pleasure the more because when that meeting would be hereafter looked back upon it would be found representative of what could be accomplished by the earnest, self-denying efforts even of only a few young people. (Hear, hear.) Knowing something of the difficulties which those who had undertaken the commencement of this work, and whose perseverance had brought it to its present position, he had wondered how, without first consulting those whose social position might have lent some assistance to their project, they could have ever hoped to accomplish their object, or to reach the goal which they had in view when they started on their noble errand. In a small district like that of Richmond it was really surprising that two or three ladies should start out one fine morning with an idea that they should be able to collect a sufficient sum of money to raise an edifice such as that which was to be placed on the ground on which they stood ; and that, as he had said, with- out first consulting those whose social position in the community would entitle them to form an opinion as to whether the work could be carried out. But these ladies had done so. They seemed to have been animated by that spirit of faith of which the motto on the flag-staff in front served to remind them ; and the result had been a proof that if they engaged earnestly in God's service, they would succeed beyond even what the most sanguine of them could have anticipated before they started upon it. He repeated that the success which had attended the young ladies who had commenced this work reflected great credit upon them ; for out of the £430 which the building was to cost, they had already collected a sum of over £300 at the present moment. (Hear, hear). When they remembered what a small district that was, and that there were not many large proprietors among them, and that they had raised that very large sum of money - more than he or anyone else could have hoped they ever would have done when they remembered that they had raised such a sum they had an earnest of what would be done in the future ; they had the foretaste of what those people who were connectod with the Church were yet capable of accomplishing. (Hear, hear). He hoped that in any future work which they might undertake, whether in the erection of schools, or in supporting their minister in his efforts to carry the word of God to the inhabitants of outlying dis- tricts, the efforts they had made in the past would be a faithful guarantee of their efforts in the future. (Hear, hear.) He was gratified to recognise that whilst they were assembled there as Congrega tionalists, they most heartily sympathised with all religionists, not in this land alone, but throughout the whole length and breadth of the known world, (Hear, hear.) He believed in one Catholic and Apostolic Church, and he regarded the church which was to be reared upon the spot on which they were assembled as a part of that Catholic Church ; for although they, as Congregationalists, might differ from their friends in polity and church government, they did not differ in the essential principles of true Catholicity. (Hear, hear.) And although in their practices they differed some little from the other Protestant Churches, he (Mr. Fysh) could enter any one of them, and enjoy their services with just the same feelings as though he were entering any one of the churches belonging to the Congregationalists. (Hear, hear.) It was only in matters of form after all that they differed. They preferred to have their own views on the subject of church government ; but they could fraternise heartily with those who in minor matters differed from them. (Hear, hear.) He was glad to hear what had fallen from Mr. Tinning. That church would be no church of dogmatism. (Hear, hear.) Dogmatism would not find a resting place within its walls. (Hear, hear.) Neither would the church be confined so as to limit it to any particular class or sect. Everyone who might be passing through the township, or on a temporary visit, would bo invited there as much as those who had undertaken the building, and they would be regarded as part and parcel of them selves. (Hear, hear.) There was another remark which ought not to be omitted, viz., that it was pro- posed that this church should carry on its operations on the voluntary principle. (Hear, hear.) He did not wish to express an opinion either one way or another on that principle ; but he trusted that God would incline the hearts of those who were so blessed to support the open pews - that there should be no pew rents - but that every pew should be open to everyone who chose to enter them ; and that the poor could have entrance into them without being placed in a position that would make it pos- sible for another to claim them from them. (Hear, hear.) The hon. gentleman concluded by again congratulating those present on the success which had attended the efforts put forth to erect the new church ; and expressing a hope that those efforts would continue in the future. (Applause). The Rev. Geo. CLARKE next addressed the as- semblage. They had already been told that in matters of Christian faith there was nothing to dis- tinguish them from any other Christian church by which they were surrounded. They agreed in the principles of the evangelical Protestant re- ligion. They could take the whole of the thirty-nine articles of the Church of England of course, not in every particular, but generally - as comprehensive and expressive of the doctrines which they behoved to be the doctrines of their holy Christian faith. (Hear, hear.) It was not in matters of faith alone that they held a distinctive position from that Church, but in matters of polity and Church Government. And although they held principles in that respect which distinguished them from others, yet they did not hold them in any exclusive way. They did not dare to deny the legi timacy of any form of Christian Government which was not according to their own. They allowed the fullest exercise of opinion and judgment ; and whilst they believed that their own mode of worship came nearest to their ideal of the Church which they read of in the New Testament, they would not attempt to unchristianise or unohurch their brethren who might, prefer to adopt a different mode of government from their own. (Hear, hear.) They did not dare to claim that their own form was the exclusive form that should be observed, but they, did claim that it was a legitimate form, and they had a right to prefer it so long as it commended itself more strongly than any other to their earnest convictions. (Hear, hear.) The rev. gentleman then expressed the thankfulness which they ought to feel in en- joying freedom and civil and religious liberty which had been bought for them by the sacrifice of the blood of their forefathers - and concluded by hoping that the church, within whose foundation they were assembled, would soon be completed, and they would be enabled to worship within its walls. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. J. W. SIMMONS said a few words next, hoping that whilst they were so earnestly labouring in support of the material they would not forget the spiritual, in short, that they would not forget their pastor, but would encourage him in his labours, and thereby stimulate him to greater efforts in the service of the Master. (Hear, hear). The Rev. Mr. NISBET then gave out an original hymn composed by a young lady of Richmond, of which the following is the first verse : God help us now, we pray, Be this our prayer to-day, God help us now ; Hero we would build to thee A humble sanctuary, Hear this our earnest plea, God help us now. Three cheers to Her Majesty the Queen were then called for by the hon. P. O. Fysh, and given, and a similar compliment was, afterwards paid to Mr. Fysh. A collection took place at the stone, which realised the handsome sum of £41, 17s. 6d. At two o'clock a company of about 40 ladies anti gentlemen sat down to dinner at Covey's Lennox Arms Hotel, the Hon. Mr. Fysh (supported by Mr. Hodgson, M.H.A.) in the chair, and the Rev. Mr. Nisbet in the vice. There was no toasting, and after the dinner was over an adjournment to the Council Chambers was made. Here the remainder of the articles left from the bazaar in May last were being disposed of, the following ladies having stalls :- Mrs. Searle and Miss Annie Searle ; Mrs. and the Misses Tinning (2) ; and Miss Mason. The bazaar was well patronized during the afternoon, and all through the ceremony passed off successfully. 