NEWS AND NOTES. On Thursday last, before the Mayor and Mr Geo. Ross, .T.P., Mrs E. Price complained against a neighbour, Mrs Kane, for assault. The plaintiff stated that on the previous Saturday morning she had observed Mrs Kane shovelling the mud from the right-of way between their proporties on to her door. mat, and that on emerging from her premises for the purpose of sweeping the dirt away with a broom, the defendant had assaulted her with the shovel, and "fetched" her a blow on the hand, severely injuring her. Mrs Moore, daughter of the complainant, deposed that she had arrived on the scene just in time to prevent her mother receiving a blow on her head. The defence was that Mrs Price had rushed at defendant with the broom, and that the blow was struck in self defence, also that very, bad language had been used by her. The Bench inflicted a fine of ten shillings, and fifteen and sixpence costs. A. cross an. tion for using obscene language was dismissed, Mrs Price asserting her perfect innocence in those words: " No, sir, I would be very sorry to use such language, it don't belong to me, sir, not at all!" A special general mooting of the members of the Philharmonic Society was held' on; Tuedday evening last, whnrl tlie altiu:ntloii of the rules as proposed by the committee were submitted and' duly considered. The usual neakly practice followed under the.conduetor' ship of Mr Law, who kindly wieldedt the baton in the absence of Mr Legge, who had, however, promised to resume his post that erening. At the adjourned sittings of the County Court, Sale, on Tuesday, the judgment sum monses were disposed of. In the case of Woods v. Howie; Mr Patten, who appeared for the plaintiff, expressed himself satisfied with the documents handed to him by the defendant, showing his claim on certain pro perty, and it was agreed that the matter should lie over until the next court in Sep tember. The same plaintiff obtained an order for the payment of £l8 2as id, and 15s costs against John Jermyn within six weeks, or in default one month's imprisonment in Sale jail. In this case the defendant, al though diligently soarohod for, was reported non est. The schooner Eleanor. Johnstone left the Latrobe wharf yesterday, with n lull cargo for Melbourne. 'The echooner lYarharwk left lfultourne on the same dateo withl a full rargo for the lnake.e At the Polices Court on Thursday a man named James Edward Carton, was clarged, on remand from Bairnsdale, with lunacy, and on the application of the police was remanded for seven days for medical inquiry. Mr Ross, J.P., who, with the Mayor, occupied the bench, vary naturally asked why prisoner had been brought from Bairnsdale, when it trans pired that the journey was necessitated be cause there was only one resident medical man there, and two were requisite for the purpose of signing certificates under the sta tute. Accounts for persons as under are lying at the Pay Office, Sale :-J. Hardy, J. Parry, TV. Forbes, D. Gallagher, J. Hammill, E. Lord, A. Morrison, J. W. McDonald, T. Pratt, J. Bermingham, G. D. Medley, II. Johnston, J. Law and Co., 1P. McDougall, Sale Borough Council, and J. Trimble. A lonse for execution has been received at the Land Omlcc, Sale, in favour of J. Irwin. Crown Grants are ready for issue to Gor don and Boram, J. W. Stowe, Charles Gadd, and Thomas Cameron, by the Land Ofllce, Sale. The following' applications, for selections have been approved by the Board of Land and Works --T. A. Williams, R. Whitlow, J. Cousins, A. Bowman, J. Kilmartin, J. Row. ley, J: Falls, C. Rout, J. H. Sunderman, and William Stirling. The Albert schooner arrived at Bairnsdale yesterday. There was no business at the Sale Police Court yesterday. The schedule of W. Martin, miner, Stock yard Creek, hls been filed. Liabilities, d181 Os Od; assets, £11 3s; deficiency, £110 17s fOd. Mr G. Cain, official assigneoo. The meeting advertised to be held on Mon- day last for the purpose of organising a foot- ball club in Sale, lapsed, the sporting and athletic young men of Sale thus displaying their usual apathy and indifference in all matters requiring a little healthy exertion. The fire brigade that was to have been is another illustration of energy and pluck. The concert of the Philharmonic Society for some time promised to be given'at Strat. ford will take place on Thlhrday evening, the 12Lth As the members have been practis ing steadily for sonie time a miost. njoyable entertainmont may be looked for. In a paragraph in our last issue mention ing several gentlemen who were spoken of as probable candidates for theu Board of Advice for the Rosedale School, the name of Mr G. T. Jones was inadvertently omitted. A meeting of the North' Gippslacid Agri cultural Society will' be hold at the Cleib Hotel this afternoon. We remind our readers that on mid after Monday next the Meolbourne coach leaves Sale at 8 a.m. each day, consequently the Melbourne mail will close at 7.30 p.m. Mr E. Carey, who has been engaged in business for some ten years past, has deter mined to bid adieu to Sale. During his resi dence here he has boon of great service in the promotion and traniing of what is as yet our only public band of music, and lhas devoted not only time and ability to render the youths of the drum and fife band efficient, but has also expended a portion of his means in furthorance of the object. Mr Carey being about'to leave' Sale, it l.hs been suggested that he lshould be accorded a .benont concert servos some recognition of his services. Per. ' haps that suggested would' be the most acceptable. Mr McLachlan of Grassdale, sold a draft of. cattle this week to Mr McAlpino of Soutli lippeland, at very satisfactory prices: Dul. locke, £10, cows, £7 all round, delivered'at Grassdale. Tihe cattle wore bought for sup; ply of Stockyard Creek. The resignation by AMr Trood of his seat in the Borough Council, for tihe East Ward, Ihs induced several citizens to. offer them selves as candidates for the vacantseat.'- A' requisition to i r G. Ross' appears in another column.' It is of a flattering character, and les led the gentloman to whom it is addres sod to conie forth from his' longretirement from tihe duties and pleasures of public life. In so small a community as tills such meon as Mfr Ross can hardly be allowed to remain' as private citizens. No doubt he will be well supported. At the Local Land Board at Sale, on Tues- day and Wednesday, applications were heard by Mr Foster, P.M., the President of the Avon Shire Council, and the District Sur- veyor. The following were recommended. Briagolong-John Tulloch; Robert Campbell, Wm. Walker, James Taylor, John O'Dono van, Luke B. Coughlin, I3. Robertsoti and Thos. Lotion. Glonmeaggic?-Henry Max. field, Thos. Duck, Thos. Kendal, BIy. Maxr fold, jun., Win. Chester, Ed. Sproule; Mack.' enzio Dabino, RIobt. L. Soymour, Tlodmas Collins,. James . Noonan, John , Treacy, P.' Oumm'ins. Wado-Look .- Wmi. C. Wells, William B. Reid,' David; Parry, Robert Gibbs. Stratford . James Freeman, Alex G., hMKonzic, William bacreadie, ,Konneth' M'Sween. Sale-Simon Kelly, Robt. M'Con-' nell. Bunndalaguah-vWm. Rooney, John! Longmore, James Croaton. Maffra-Fred. lioratman, Alex. Shaw, WVm. Stirling, Robt. Stuart,' John Whitlow. ' Nuntin--Henry' France. Boisdale- Patrick Hurley, Na thaniel Jones.' WTrruk Wurruk--Jphn Lloyd, W.m..i. Bartlett. Parish Unnamed-, Patrick Kelly. In the disputedocases Julius Gove v. William Hall, and Duneoanu'Cole, v. William Martin, the laind was granted to the first.mentioned lht each case. The fol. lowing applications were postponed: -Goo. Green, jtn., Jamnes Monds, Jae. Creaton v. J. B. Empson, M. Dermody v. T. Cooney, Stratford Town Common, The 11ev, A. .Robertson, of Melbourcie, says, with reference to the marriafg with a do- ceased wife's sister law -c" All that is sought for Is simply thleis, that the church shall not insist upon a rigid uniformity of ep!nion on this question, and it shall not bea ielo qBa eton "conditien sither of ectrano into the church or of continuance In its ministry or membership, that every one must hold the belief that asuch marriages are contrary to the Word of God, and that those who celebrate and those who contraoct them must be sub. jected to church discipline. Such an exahl. slive course of procedure as that which many appear to dlvocate vwoeld prove the ruin of thie Presbyterlau Chlrch, at least in its pro sent compeoe form." .' ' '. TFle ueomibations to arveo as members of the oioard of Advice for tie school distriot of the City,pnf .llarnet, hs Iroglht ocut It wcnty'candidlateis. n The education system of South Australia 1, does not seem to progress very satisfactorily. d The - Bipreur writes :-" The education d statistics of South Australia show a regular decline in the attendance of scholars at at the trained schools in the face of an in dreased population. In 1866 the average . daily attendance numbered 12,142; but in 1872 it had fallen to 11,844. Less than one L1 fourth of the number of children between a the ages of five and fourteen years are at tending schools. The total number of licsnsed ashools in South Australia, by the returns of 1872, is put down at 307 ; out of which, however, there are sixteen half-time schools, situated in sparsely populated dis triuts, so that the actual number of regular day schools amonuts only to 291. An amend mout of the present idu cation Act has been promised, and a very slight glance at the figures we have summarised proves that some alteration in the system now in force is absolutely necessary. Mr James Smith has gone out of the magneoti wave line of business, and has started operations as an " inspirationist.' A recent tolegram from Maryborough states: 1 The lectures by Mr James Smith, and his eon of thirteen years, caused much excite. ment here to-day. Mr Smith claims for himself and his son 'direct inspiration from the Father,' and his' mode of attacking the Christian religion occasioned great sensation. "The older Smith's lecture on 'Atouemnot' was afterwards attacked by a working minor named l1owdey, and some noise and confu sion ensued. Mr James .Evans, of the Adcertiser, presided at both lectures; and about 600 people attended." After this, not the magnetic wave, but the deluge. In the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, Mr Patterson asked if any instructions had been given to the polico.to enforce the com pulsory clausos of the Education Act, and if so, seeing that this was a duty remitted by the act to the boards of advice, whether the Minister of Education would withdraw the' police instructions. Mr Stophcu said it was quite a mistake to say that tthe police had received any sech instructions. Upon the boards of advice would devolve tlhat duty. No case had boon brought under his notice justifying any, suchlt iuterferenco on the part of the police. The assistance of the police had been sought with a view to ascortnin, for the information of the department, what number of children there were who did not attend school, and for whom it would lbe necessary to provide. Very valuable statie tics had boon obtained. It was just possible that some constable, in excess of zeal, had loft animpression that he was chargod with the duty of enforcing the attendance of chil dren at school. But the report issued to theo police explained very clearly their duties, and he would read the last olnuseo of the circulair addressed to themn in support of his view.: "It is not intended for the present, indeed the time has not yet arrived, to onforce theI penal clauses of the nact. On this subject further instructions will in due time be issued to the police, but it may be advisable for the police to call the attentioni of such I persons to theo provisions of the act, and to the penalty they incur if they persist in i their negleet, so that in case of a prosecution at any future time those persons may not be able to allege that they have erred in ignor otle ott...-tthae.aw. Proper discre tion must be exercised" bythio jolice in coni mniunicating with pLrOutes autl guardians on this subject. The police must be careful to avoid anytlling liken throatoening demtoeanour, butt'miust cudeavour to nmake it clear to such persons that it is to the interest both of themselves and their childron that the re. quiromonts of the noe should be cordially complied with. I-'n any stops thie police may be called tupon to take unider this acnot they must neveor lose sight of the fact that its penalt clauses are but o ons to an end. Tite great objoot of tihe act is to secure the educa. tion of the chilldren of the country, and it is far bettor that parents and guardians should be persuaded than that they should be comet polled to do what is necessary to securo this object." ' A public mooeting of workmen was hold at the' Workman's-hall, - Lonsdaloestreet, Moel bourne, on Tuesday, the object being as set forth in the bill, " for the purpose of devising .means for mutual help and support." Mr J, hairlhurstoccupied the chair. About 80 per-' sons attended. The chairman stated that great numbers of men were constantly coming to thile hall enquidig for work, ?ut who ware unabloto obtain it. Ie satrongly advocatbd' combination among the working classes like t that which had been so successful in England. !Mr. Shorrard, after a long speech, in which he ramibled over na -great variety of subjecots, moved the following resoliitibn :-" That this meeting is of opinion that there is a very large numtber of artisans and other persons out of employ, sad that such persons as do obtain employment are in many. instances' in groat distrias, owing to their not being able to ob. tain continuouts work," and. thlroforo,'wilth . the view to got at netlal .facts. s to indivi. duals so circumstanced, a free registry should be established at tlio Workman's Hall, so as ,to afobrd full information to all persons into rested." The resolution was seconded by Mr Francis, and carried unanimously. Mr Good win spoke against contraisation, free trade, and laod monopoly, and moved a resolution expressing an opioioti to the effect that there should be no oant of labour in this colony, as thq. cultivation of the hind alone would . support a very much larger populationi thnn at present exists in Victoria. The resolution was seconded bhy MLr Milner, and. carried. Mr Ryau moverd a resolution affirming that the coutntry had boeen greatly mismanaged b7 the Logislature, and at a great eost, and pro. mising the hearty supportb of the' meeting to the manifesto of the Labouer and Land t Lengue. In speaking to the 'resolution, the mover regretted that so few workiUg men otb Stended the meeting that night to look after SItheir intsrosts. Ite admitted that thlere were r many men out of oiploymont In Melbourne, Sbut he thoughbt it would be more diffllicult tod Smake them work tlhan to find work for them Sto do.. flu considered free trade to a cortali . extent, and immigration of tle proper 'knd . would not be bad things for the country. y Tle resolution was lseeonded end carried. A , resolttlon was alsocarried to the effect that ,. the land laws of the colony.wore in a most i nsotisfaotory conditlon, wheroeby thlousandi t of persons wert living 'a l'tife ~At pFotry. A. i memorial on the subjeot for prosontatlodn to Stie Legicslaretir:o Aetnbly wao odoptd, and thc eootingl broke up m;-Jrtim t The llrailato Tim?es of a recent dat says: "All who want to enjoy the finest pheasant shooting in the world should visit the Walkato district during the next two months." Diphtheria is just now alarmingly prevalsnt in the country districts. At Warrenheipfonr children out of six have died in one family within a week. From Ararat and Beech worth reports are to hand of fatalities from the same disease. . The Aye says the Ballarat reception of the Governor was "admirably managed," but hints that his Excellency "gushes" too much. Mr Morton, the second officer of the R.M.S.S. Baroda, has been declared con valesoeent, and will no doubt return to India to join his ship by the outgoing mail steamer Bangalore. Madame Arabella Goddard took her depar ture for Sydney on Tuesday in the steamor Alexandra. She will return to Melbourne in about three weeks' time. After a conference with the Customs d- partment, the ironmongers of Melbourne have decided upon recommending the follow ing rates of drawbacks, namely, an allowance of 6a per cent. where 10 per cent, of duty has been paid, and 12k per cent. where 20 percent has been paid. The suppression of the dying declaration of the malefactors Smith and Brady, executed recently at Beechworth for murder, which was commented upon by the local Press with some degree of severity, was justified by the Chief Secretary in Parliament recently. It was not a denial of guilt, but a denunciation of innocent persons, and the sheriff in with holding it from publication had the approval of the Government. Philip Herbert Haines, a son of thq lato Iron. Mr Haines, left hise lodgings at Port land on Saturday evening abruptly, and his body was found in the bay on Sunday. An inquest was held, and a verdict of found drowned returned. 'Thio decensed had shown signs of slight- mental aberration just pre viously, but insufficient to justify restraint. The Pastoral Times estimates the fall of .lambs for this season at 20 millions, of which three-fourths will be in iiverina. AtMaryborough the Stcandard, a new papeor which has appeared, accises the Advertiser of spreading the doctrines of " free love" and " modern spiritism." Te A Advverliser retorts thus .-" We shall nail this lie to the counter with just as little pity as we should any ethor bit of counterfeit coin put into circulation by a literary smasler." The HarbinUer of LUlht says.:-" M3r P. of Castlemnine is now experimenting In a systematio manner, admitting only one or two visitors at a sitting." This is wise, especially if the one or two be not scoffers. Thoro is success already, for "a beautiful tenor" has been heard in the air, a washhand basin, a leg of mutton, a hat,,and an American clock, have been brought in by the ghosts.- The mutton was dropped into a mining agent's hand, and the lhat was dropped on its owner's head, "causing some tropidation." The following return was road in the Logic. lative Assembly by the Mlinister of Publio In struction, in reply to a question from Mr aM'aina -Applicntions from non-vested schools to be become State schools, since let January, 1873 : Denominations Number. o Church of England -... ... T7 Presbyterian .... 19 Nomnrested, Old National* . 7 Combined ... ... 7 Quaslrested ... ... .. 2L" ?cesloyan . ... . 1 Indopencdent .- ... 3 . a Of tile above 08 applications, 20 have betan accepted, and established as State schools, eitherbyloase or conveyance of property to the iMinister, viz : , Dcnomlinations. N-umber. Churchof England ... .. - 10 Presbyterian ..... 7 VWeeleysnn .. ... .. 3 Qusiested ... ... 2 Independent .. 1t Non-vested, Old National ... 3 Of these there are 4 schools which were, the property of the teachers, viz., 3 old National and l'resbyterian. 'This number inolddes 5 schools formerly the proporty of teschcrri.' We (Argua) understand that in the con duct of elections.under the now Electoral Bill, the minimum time which must elapse between the issue of write, the nomination, and the day of polling remains as at preient, oCxept where expressly altered, because the amending act must be read with the former, or what is now termed the principal act. The cbnsequence will be tl;t the day of nomina tion must be on the seventh day from the date of the issue of the writ, the minimum and maximum period being the same, viz., seven days. Then the.day of polling must not be less than three or more than seven days from the day of nomination. The mini mum peilod remains the same, and the maxi mum is reduced fronh 14 days to seven. Thus an election may take seven, and cannot take more than 17 days from the date of the issue of the writ. 