ARRIVAL OF THE RE V. E. BLAUBAUM? , /Our Traders; are already ;fairly acquainted with the difficulties . encountered by the authorities of the St. Kilda congregation in . Cy^Iieir.'endeavours to obtain a suitable minister. . The commission , was entrusted to Mr. Isaac Hallenstein, who is now in Europe, and to, that gentleman thei; thanks of theccongregation are due for ihe time andtrotitle jie/h^d6yptecLtb the/delicate duty, and for the engagement pfe't^e Rey. Elias Blaiibaum, whose safe arrival we > have now the pleasure to record. ? The Was tele^aphed s early on Sunday mbrning last, and Word \was -immediately sent to, the members of the reception committee to rendezvous- at Sandridge ‘ at 2 p m. Punctuality was not observed,' arid it was not until a full hour later that the following gentlemen assembled on the pier:—I. Jacobs, Esq., President of the Congregation; A. Benjamin^ Esq., , Treasurer ! and. Messrs. M. Michaelis, I. Bloomington, S. Marks, E. Davis, E. Samuel, and W. Heymanfeon.* The Revs. A. F. Ornstien aiid M. Rin tel were also present by invitation. Mr. H. E. Hart, tlie ever courteous honorary secretary to the congre gation, was unwell, and sent an apology for his non-attendance. Long before the committee arrived at Sandridge the big -ship had ’ dropped anchor and the. little steamtug had gone off to her. A stiff breeze' was blowing'in the bay, and 'the sea was anything but tempting for a sail, nevertheless, most of the gentlemen ventured in a small boat, and in a short time found themselves on board, the great steamer, where the necessary introductions took place. The Rev. Mr. Blaubaum is quite a, young man, being not more than about twenty- six years of age. He is prepossessing in appear ance, and has a very agreeable manner. He speaks English only <#£Just sufficiently well to make himself understood, but it is con frdently anticipated that no long time will elapse ere he is master s’ Of the" language. Mr. Blaubaum is a native of Rortenburg, and : !t? Tebeived his education at the Royal Provincial College of Cassel, •V’/ from the professors of which institution he holds the highest /:// testimonials. For three years lie1 held the appointment of -■assistant minister and teacher at Gudensberg, an office he only vacated for the purpose of coming to Australia. ^ On returning to the pier, some further introductions to6k place, and the party immediately set out for St. Kilda where, at the v. 'residence of the president of the congregation, refreshments were' ,/•/^erved. After a little-time, Mr. Jacobs, in a few appropriate /remarks, welcomed the new minister, and that gentleman replied *in German. His words were simple but heartfelt, and made a ■iiiost favourable impression ; he; expressed himself grateful for the ; ', cordial reception he had met'with, and hoped he would be success ‘ful in his efforts to prove worthy of the kind greeting. Other . toasts followed, including those of the Rev. A. F. Ornstien, who * ivas present, and of the Rey- M./Rintel, whose duties prevented him accompanying the party from Sandridge. An adjournment was . afterwards made to the Synagogue, where Mr. Blaubaum read the afternoon and evening services, and it being the last night of A^?«//^ pron6uhced the prescribed blessing. / : Any opinion of the rev. gentleman’s public qualifications would of course be premature, but it may be remarked that he has a clear and melodious voice! and a very agreeable style of reading. He is a proficient in music, and favours the idea Of the entire congrer gation joining in choral service. He will not again officiate in the Synagogue until after his installation, which will take place oh Sunday afternoon next, on which occasion, following/the prece dents set by Drs. Adler and Artom, who delivered their,inaugural sermons in German and French respectively, the rev., gentleman will" preach in German. An order of service is in course of ^preparation, and the ministers of the two city congregations have kindly consented to take part. We may add that the'Rev.y Mr. Blaubaum is striqtly orthodox, f jn his way to this country he passed through London, where he -placed himself under the authority of the venerable the Chief Rabbi, whose instructions he'received relating to the alterations it is desired to introduce into the St. Kilda service, the majority of which we have reason,to believe Dr. Adler strongly disapproves of. % ■ .[ We are requested ‘ to state that the service at the St. Kilda -Synagogue, on Sunday next, will be commenced at 3.30 p.m. sharp. Within the last few days the daily papers have teemed with reports of the private school examinations,-and in nearly all of them we observe the names of Jewish lads- prominent as prize takers. ■•/; ' - Melbourne Jewish .Literary and Debating Society.:— A meeting of the above society was held on Thursday evening, the 18th inst. The Rev. A. F. Ornstien in the chair. - There was a large attendance of members. A character debate was opened/ by Mr. J. Fox, who chose for his subject—“ Are there such things as "Ghosts.” A very entertaining debate followed, in which several of the members took part. The following officers of the society were elected Hon. Secretary, Elias L. Hickman; Hon. /Librarian, J. Fox; Committee, J. .Myersi 