TENNYSON ON LOYALTY TO QUEEN AND EMPIRE. To a new edition of his poems tho Poot Laureate appends an odo to tho Queen, in which ho speaks ..with well-merited scorn of those who tell the loyal peoplo of tho important North' American' section of her Empire to mako themselves aliens. Wo put in italics those lines of the odo which refer to that subject linos which the Royal Colonial liigt.iluto has dono well to havo printod and circulated ini a' leaflet ; — . ? ' To tub Queer. 0 loyal to tlio royal in thyself, And loyal to thy hind, as this to thee— Bear witness, tlint romombcrnble day - ?\Vhon, pale as yet and fevor- worn tho l'rinco IVlio scarce had plnck'd his flickering life again From halfway down tho shadow of the gravo, l'nst with tlico thro' thy people and their love, - ' And London voll'd 0110 tide of Joy thro' all Iter trebled millions, and long longnos of man And welcomo ! witness, too, tho silont cry, Tho prayer ol' many a raco and c.rced, and clime— Tlumdcrloss lightnings striking under sea, From sunsot and sunrise of all thy realm, \ And that true North, whereof toe lutein heart! A strain to shame us ' Keejt you to yourselves So loyal Is tQo costly I Friends your love Is but a burden : loose the bond and go.' Is this the tone of empire 1 here the faith That made us rulers ! this, indeed, her voice And meaning, whom the. roar tf Ilougoumont Left might lest of all peoples under Heaven 1 What shock hasfoofd her since, that she should speak So feebly'! wealthier—wealthier— hour by hour! The voice of Ilrttain. or u sinking lantl, Some third-rate isle, half-lost among her seas t There rang her voice 1 alien the full eltg pealed Thee and thy Prince 1 the loyal to their crown Are loyal to their own far sons, who love Our ocean- empire with her boundless homes For ever-broadening Fngland, and her throne. In our vast Orient, and one isle, one isle, That knows not her own greatness : if she knows And dreads U we arefall'n — Hut thoii, my Qnceu, Nor for itself, hut thro' thy living lovo For 0110 to whom I mndo it o'er his grave Sacred, accept this old imperfect talc, Now-old, and shadowing Sense at war with Soul Bather than that Gray King, whoso liamo, a ghost, Streams like a cloud, man- shaped from mountain penk And cleavos to calm and cromlech still j or him Of Geoffrey's hook, or hint of Alallcor's, one Toucli'd by the adulterous finger of a time That liovcrM betweon war and wantonness, And crownings and dethronements : take withal Thy poot's blessing, and his trust, that Heaven 'Will blow the tempest hi tho distance hack From thino and ours ; for somo aro scared who ninvk Or wisely or unwisely, signs of storm, ' Waverings of every vunc with ovory wind. And wordy triickliugs to the transient-liour, And tierce or careless loosoncrs of tho faith, And Softness brooding scorn of simple lifo, Or Cowardice, the child of hist for gold, Or Labour, witli a groan and not a voico, v Or Art with poisonous honey stol'11 from Franco, And that which knows, but cnrcful for itself, And that which knows not, ruling that which knows To its own harm j tho goal of tills great world Lies hcyoiul sight ; yot— if our slowly-grown And erown'd Ropublic's crowning cominoii-scnso, That saved licr many times, not fail— thoir fears Arc morning shadows liugcr than the sliiipos That east thorn, not thoso gloomier which forego Tho darkness of that battle in tho tVcst, Where all of high and holy dies away. 