TRIAL OF A BAND OF BRIGANDS. (From the European Mail.') \- A trial has been going on at Szogedin, in Hungary, the extraordinary complicated and dramatic history of which is destined to occupy a conspicuous place amongst tlio criminal records of all countries and opochs. 'The individuals involved may bo counted by hundreds— their crimes and offences -by thousands; and tho first arrests toc-K place as lur bade as lauu. Tho Lloyil of I'eslh gives an outline of the case under the titlo of the 'Prociis Sandor' — Sandor being the name of the eliief ot a band of malefactors whose depredations and atrocities rendered them tho torror of Szegedin and the surround ing district. It uppeai-s that, over since 1800, tho inhabitants' of Szegedin had become so terrified in coiiscqticnco of the daring exploits of Saudor's band of brigands that tlioy locked and barred themselves in their houses at dusk, and dared not to venture into the streets oven during the day without being armed with re volvers and swordstieks. Robberies, incendiary iircs, and assassinations we're tho order of the day. M. D. Raday was sent as a Royal Coin misiioiicr to Szeged in to put an end to this do plorablo stiite of things. M. de Raday soon became convinced that not only Szegediu but the whole comitat and the surrounding districts were infested by formidable ''companies' of brigands, whoso organisation, was complete, and their circle of action cloarly defined. After careful aud minuto inquiries the Royal Com missioner found, to his amazement, that, a number of administrative and judicial function aries wore acting as accompliccs of the various bands of brigands— that even the titled notabili ties of tho district acted as receivers of tho stolen property. Crimes havo been, brought to light which were pel-pel rated thirty years ago j and an old man, of seventy was condemned sonio short time ago for a crime committed when he - was forty years of ago. The novel and pecu liarly ' psychological ' system pursued by the Royal Commissioner in order to find out tho guilty pai- tios amongst tho hundreds of indi viduals arrested is worth recording. Tlio pri soners were completely isolutod from tho rest of tho world during their confinement, and thoir eyes wore bound in order to prevent any con versation by signs usually resorted to by accom plished thieves. 'Companions in captivity,' totally unknown to them, wore pluced in tho same cells, who soon insinuated themselves into tho confidence of tlio prisoner*, studied their char acters, mado themselvos acquaint od uitli thoir seorets, and used all their efforts to bring about a full confession. With regard to Sandor, tho. Royal Commissioner himself succeeded in get ting a full and complete avowal of hit* crimes by adopting tactics of a . most ingenious kind. Knowing tlio great brigand chief to be exceed ingly vain of his reputation, and to be in the habit of looking down upon his less daring accompliccs us moro ' purloincrs of chickens,' M. de Itadny ordered Sandor to fall upon his knees before his fellow-prisoners — tlio small fry of tlio band — whoso instruc tions were to reproach their chief with being a chickon stealer liko themselves. Tlio ruse was perfectly Biiscossful; tho proud Sandor's ' honor,' was'mortally wounded, and tho ' brigand king' ; (as he loved to stylo himself) immediately en terod into a full oohfossibn of his long Beries of crimes, as well as tlioso of his uccomplicos. Tlio expedient resorted io by: tlio Royal Commis sioner in the ease .of anothor , famous brigand, ' named Jean Bujdor, was this Bajdor is known to bo oxeecdingly supoi'stilious ; ho is charged with having committed two murdors, and insists upon asserting liis innocence..; Ono evening tho examining magistrate had Badjorbrcughtintohia . cabinet, and immediately addressed him , us ; ful lows j— John Siijdo'r,'-. I:' cannot Bleep onf, your account, ; the ghost'of Pelor JJodri, wli'om : you assa-sina6ed, nppVars before me ov.ery night,'' and' threatens to haunt and' torment m'e until suoh limo as I shall! have put tlio' rope with which 'you. slranglod. your victim round your owni neak-.lv; On. saying this, tlio- examining magistrate threw u rope round Biijdor's iieck, ? and ordered him to be taken, back to- prison. - At,- midnight. Bajdor, who had slept soundly, . notwithstanding ? his ''59 crimes, jumped up affrighted, and rushed towards' the door of his prison, crying for help. ' This was tho moment I thooxaiiiiniiigniagislrulo had anxiously awaited \ ho made liis way into the cell, -when Bujdor f confossed not (inly to .having murdered Bodn i and' his, son,: but .also, 'to huving coinmittod a i number .'of other heinous crimes. In' conse- I quence of thbso disclosures, the two bodies of i his1 victims, with the - ropes., still round thoir j nooks, wero discovered. Acting on Bajdor's advice, a number of other prisoners hare made | froe confession .of 'tho. crimes thoy had commit ted ; nil tho inalofaotors arrested, ?- it must not '? bo forgolton, aro kept in the utmost igno rance ns to tlio charges which weigh against thom. Oil thoir first examination- tlioy woro not questioned as to the perpotration of such or such a orimo j tlioy were simply sked to givo an account of any offcnco of which tlioy might ao- | knowledge themselves guilty. By this means o numborof crimes hare been broughtto light hith erto totally unsuspoetcd. Anideaof howdosirable a placo Szegedin must have' boon to livo in may bo formed from tho following enumeration of the.easo3 whioli are now boing triod before a ? specially appointed court. Whon tho Royal . commissioner first .arrived at Szegedin there, woro 1,506^ criminal ' charges 'to bo heard j ft little later 500 moro charges woro made ; and when .tho Royal commission had terminated its duties 950 fresh cases wcro brought to light, making. iu all nearly 3,000 crimes of- the gravost character. Of this total 1,000 judgments have already bcon givon, and nearly all these judg ments havo been confirmed on appeal. The crimes and ofionaos discovered by the' Royal Commission amount to 8,000. Tho principal charges aro those of murder, robbery, pillage, inctindiurism, &c.;, tho cases of robbery ulouo exceeding 4,000. - ; 