AUSTRALIAN WOOLS. Th~r following highly interesting letter signed n \y J ^1 (St, Leonard's), was published in the /}. il. Herald of Tuesday last Sin,— Recently arrived newspapers show that the dispute between the representatives •of -Australian: woolgrowers and the huyers in the home market is as far from adjustment as ever. Indeed, the latter have lately adopted a more determined tone; and, boasfc ih» of'their uiiion aiul their numbers, already inSulg-i in clamorous pieans anticipatory , of 'Shift' v'ictbry 'which they undoubtedly mean to 'aehi6v.e;J > \Vell<\- they may have the best of the tight, but their antagonists have the best mia3i'on( it is intended to make manifest m the «ecinenfc.''Lv : . ■ ^ '-iBeoaiwe .'English. wools,/ from time im memorial, have been subject to draft, it was too-hastily conceded that Australian;, wools ; should be liable to a similar deduct.on, over looking tho fict at the time, that although "tlicrc 'wcrc 'Ofii'/M.'/ reasons for the allowance as regards British wool-,, there was not the ghost of an apology for claiming !t as regards Australian wools 01 the accommodated and thVcirofull'y got up" fleece wools oE the -Continent; -"- - . .In tho counting-house of the wool ware Ehou?e where I learnt to discriminate between hbadwool and downnghta, &c.;, was suspended on an out-6f-the-way peg an obsolete affau comprising t-.vo very handsome hroiize wci'ditv embossed witli the arms of the Uity of -£nii(lo[i;V '-Theywere wf the size jnd some-j thiiig (if the form of-a' man s hand,/ and atu tlie upper end of eaoh an opening was left in the cisliug for the "admission of 'a broad leathern strap.which; provided with a buckle, i foririeil a bond of union .betweeu the weights in question. : This arrangement was 'intended ''facilitate the adjuMjinent;pf,:the weigh ts to tlic laddie of the equestrian whose business ' it "was to operate with; them in weighing the wool at' the' farms whsre the clip amounted.: ,to as m-ich as ten packs or thereabouts. A; century' ago,' • cross-country roads- were -not' very well laptud for.'the .transit ot bulky and top heavy loads of loose jlte je wool, and, consulting the convenience,of the grower, the sfcauler was iu the liabit of sending a con- . Pidential man to weigh and pack the clip where the quantity made it worth while,: tne wool-sheets and other apphancss for pack in" having been beforehand forwarded to the scene of'operationsby the fanners' returning' market teams. . ^ \ i i -•'riie appointed- weigher; always* took Ins legally adjusted \Veighta with him, and these with the strap and buckle balanced 14 lbs. exaetly.:': ::His'firstrbusiuess, on a^rival atithe farm} was to find amongst the ponderables -Buch as stone or timber, a balance to his weights, and then,-these two fourteen pound. Weights formed the tod of twenty-eight lbs., by which the fleece wool of old England has from time immemorial been-weighed. When the sbale charged with fleeces brought up the tod weight the weighing was registered, and if one, or two, or three lbs. over the tod, no exchange : of fleeces, either to redress the balance, or for any other con ceivable reason, was ever allowed. This was presumed to give the buyer an auvant^e, on the average, of half a pound for weighing ; and consequently whenever English fleece wool was purchased already packed, an _ allowance to • the extend of half-a pound per^ tod was„iD variably conceded, and this con cession is current at the present day. \- "The excision of-four of;five-pouucls -from:, "every bag of wool has the appearance, it must be admitted," of a merciless - t.ix on the English woolgrower-; but lie is anything but_ an injured individual, and,when the reasons why lie is so taxed are adduced, he will be contemplated in any other light than as an object "ofJvery grave":commiseration. bo tar from the draft on English fleece wool being excessi ve, I am of opinion that, all things considered, it is insufficient,- and leaves- the wool-stapler a loser to no mean amount -on;' the year's transactions. Bu t no do ub t the stapler knows ;how to. take care, of .himself, wid make it all Bquare in'adjnstiug the-price.^ In the first place.the Euglishjarmer, though; well aware that pitch will make but in different broadcloth or/ worsted, endorses his . sheep with a heavy pitch brand, and very frequently, for a very, obvious purpose, this operatiou is carried into effect- just 'before shearing. Then there are the weighty drag sings at the breech, which should be, and sometimes are, clipped off, but very:fre quently they are not; aud very . often the bellylock is musical- iWithlcnobs of , clay con tributed by the glebe over- which- the sheep have rambled,in wet.weathcr. The^riddance of the3e-forei£n matters,obviously; implies_a serious loss of weight, which of itself demands :a liberal allowance in the.shape of draft. But the subject jhas to be considered in another aSThe wool-sorter is paid at the rate of 10s. per, pack of- 240 lbs'l ; but one- fourth.of_.his time is exhausted in the removal of the pitch, raark7 the daggiiigs and the dirt from the : bfelly-lock. In fact, were the English fleece -as free from the abominations just named a3 tlid Australian, the: sorter would earn much better wages at 7s. 6d. per pack than he does now at 10s. The difference, I apprehend, comes out of the pocket of the wool-stapler, and should' be quoted by him as a liberal set off against the liberal.draft conceded to him. Every wool-sorter, whether engaged on Aus tralian, German, or English wool, is supplied with a small cask for his waste. The, con tributions from either Australian or German wools do not till the tub once in a twelve month, whilst English wool necessitates" a very frequent journey to the pitch mark bra. In the south of England, the excised pitch marks are sold to the Kentish liopgrowers, aud every warehouse employing from seven to ten men furnishes annually a waggon-load of weighty reasons of this sort for a liberal driift 'on English fleece wool. But if there be abundant and sufficient reason3 for a liberal allowance in the shape of draft oil English fleece wool, not one of them ; applies' to Australian wool; and the home buyer who advocates a draft on Austra lian wool because English 'fleece wool is sub ject to the same disadvantage maybe expected to discover, some of these fine days, a parallelism between a straight line and a It may be *,rged that Australia produces burry wool" but' this is a special affair altogether, and must be met by a special contract. The worsted trade will not touch it at any price, and it is an evil that certainly will not be cured by a draft of 1 per cent., or anything like it. But pitch-marks aud kindred nuisances universally infect English fleece wool, and this is allowed for in a draft of universal application. At the last meeting of home buyers in London of which we have any account, one gentleman is reported to have said, "The matter was clear enough to all who would give it a moment's consideration. The buyer, in bidding for wool at a sale, had to bid for a bale. In each bale there was a certain quantity of moisture, and, to protect them selves against losses arising from this, it was nothing hut right that they should be allowed the draft, which, generally speaking, only amounted to I per cent." The elements of water are obiquitous, and the difficulty is to say where moisture is not, rather than where it is. It may be admitted, • therefore, that the Australian bale, when landed in London, is not altogether free of moisture ; but that it exists in such quantity as to ho a source of loss to the buyer we utterly deny. On the contrary, we are pre pared to maintain that tlie comparative absence of moisture from the Australian bale on its first arrival in England tends to the profit of the buyer not a large profit it is true, but appreciable, and worth acceptance ; insomuch that, if moisture is to appear in tho books at all, it can only correctly range on the credit side of the account, aud not on the opposite side, where Mr. Joachim has erroneously placed it. _ . A nomiual pack of loose wool in Sydney is almost altogether land puru,, all but fres of humidity, appreciable or otherwise ; but-a nominal pack of loose English wool in London is charged with no inconsiderable amount of moisture—for wool is nearly as absorbent of moisture as a deliquescent salt, and the humid atmosphere of England, up to a certain point, readily incorporates with it. The Australian bale, it is well known, gasin -weight on tlie passage home; but when landed in London it is still susceptible of increment in the Bhape of moisture and weight, and will continue to be so till fully saturated up to tlie humid point peculiar to the locality. A woolstapler merely unpack ing and-piling'his Australian purchase will iind on re-weighing that it has gained in weight ; but had be sorted it right out, he would have been benefited in a still greater degree. By exposing a greater surface to the humid atmosphere, the weight would have increased in an improved ratio. In most of the great mills in Yorkshire the wool'weighed-in is carefully weighed out after sorting, not for the purpose of testing the weight, but to ascertain-the sorts into which the wool has broken. This has often afforded ; the 'opportunity of noticing the Australian, wools invariably gain, and that Germ-in wools invariably lose in weight during the process of sorting. And this is easily accounted for. The foreign wool had been packed in a climate as humid as that of England, and, saturated to the humid point, the process: of sorting had allowed an appre ciable amount of moisture to evaporate into the drier atmosphere of the sorting-room. On the otlier- hand, the Australian wool, subsaturated, was in a position to imbibe, and, like others in the same predicament, all contributions of- the. moist description were: thankfully received. . ' Again, one wool-comber is charged with a weighing (3'Jlbs.) "of Australian _ wool, and another..with? a 'weighing of German.-: Both 'are expected toreturn,. in top and uoyle, the weight delivered to; them. The Australian wool1 is invariably, returned a littleover; aud the German; as invariably; alittle under,-the weight given out; 'But the reason for this has been'-anticipated.. - So that it ,is very 'evident-the'purchasers of.Australian wool in the home' market, instead, of- losing -by the - presence of moisture < in their- bargains,-' get mob only an- ample quid-pro- qub,but some thing more,- irrespectively of- a very; super-.; fluous draft. In addressing a public meeting,of those friendly to the continuance of the draft now allowed;-Mr. Joachun .said :—h" He was well aware that in Germany they had recently; been selling wool without any allowancejior draft; but' were the buyers in the largest metropolis in the world' going to take their instructions and regulations from foreigners ?" Of course, a gentleman rejoicing in the name of, Joachim'has quite as /much right to con demn'the foreigner "as the kettle had to become complimentary- to .the saucepan: on the score of their mutual nigridity ; but for all that,i we cannot; help thinking that the foreigner had quite as much right.to" refuse Aliv Joachim's-money as Mr.-Joachim had to refuse the foreigner's wool. If wool without draft is not to-Mr. Joachim's mind, lie pos sesses1the inestimable -privilage of - pleasing himself, and the foreigner-needs not to be instructedas to his right :to retain his wool when the terms proposed'for purchasing it are not to his taste. P have -purchased German wools, both accommodated and fleece, to some consider able extent, but never discovered in them tlie slightest apol'o^y:foi: the imposition of a'l per cent, draft.;- They are invariably thoroughly and scrupulously cleaned, and packed with punctilious honesty aud-.if but a- small sample; be allowed the buyer in the German market, it may at (any: rate, be rcontideutly \--relied'on.°- - Though prone .to. sell the- pig- in "the'poke, the poke invariably turns out the -makings of a good and wholesome pork. Scoured and - handwashed: English wools, And staplers'> and fellmongers' sorts,- ihave always been free of draft ; and why.thesame description of wools from Germany and Aus tralia should; not be placed, in the same, category would, perhaps,-puzzle the advocate for draft to say. Spanish and Portugal wools, are imported into England clean arid scoured, ' arid why s/iould they be fleeced when they never appear as: fleece. wool in the home market/ Clipped in . the grease, they are ^scoupia after being sorted into four sorts. It is ti-ue the sorting would scarcely pass muster at Huddersfield ;' but no attempts are ever made to re-sort it, and it at once siibsides intb broadcloth. Perfectly free from waste of every description, it affords not the-slight est: justification for the tax to which it'is obliged to submit. About five hundred home buyers, we learn, have.signed a, declaration in favour of continuing the draft. This we must admit is a most formidable argument,: and we fear that the sellers ..will be scarcely able to muster up logic enough to counteract it. But If they fail to secure the victory, they must console themselves after the fashion of the Sydney cricketers, with ;the conviction that although they lost-the game, they at any ' rate'deserved to win it. - 