? , IEEtMD. »j;Ein»I» SPEECH BY O'NEIM- DAtJHT. Lt the quarterly meeting ,of -the Home lie Association, held on tte 28th March, O'Neill Daunt,,delivered the followmagnificent address :— ' Diunt said 1 the practical *brk before Irish people ib .to prepare f pr -the eleo- |nsi' Besistance to the Union hasi been an Serative duty ever since it was inflicted on Bat that -doty is, if possible, made more nerative by the policy which the English vernment have for some years pursued, we were to judge of the intentions of the rernment by the result of . their acts, we mld suppose that their fixed purpose was depopulate Ireland hy enormous abstracas of Irish money, thus rendering tlie intry too poor to support her people, and inciiig her to a point long since desired by English clergyman, who wished *hat just ouchhuman beings should, be^ left in Ireid to rear beef and mutton for theiingj market. The taxation of Ireland is out all proportion beyond her comparative inns rind the'government contemplate incasing Were the Irish nation to submit this ruinous extortion without an effort to •over the command of their own purse, ev would indeed be steeped in ignominy, [ear hear.) Mr. Gladstone once said that ttould bid' against John Martin for Irish ipnlar confidence; but if Mr. Gladstone oiiy supposed that he could win in such a ralry—if, in other words, he really sup, is^d tbat any conceivable set of.concessions old ever reconcile the Irish people to the isting Union—he was grievously mistaken, nsticeto Ireland is incompatible with , the nion, because the Union is in itself the reatest injustice to Ireland. Surely Mr. UdBtone cannot suppose that we have for- >tten the history of the Union; that his- ,ry which is burned into our souls as with a ) •anding-iron. (Loud cheers.) He cannot ipnose' that we have forgotten that the >structioh of the Irish Parliament was the orlc of our bitterest enemies ; the work of ien who did not scruple to plunge the nation ,to ail the sanguinary horrors of a civil war ith the purpose of destroying that mesti- able privilege in which the very essence of ir liberty consists. The destruction of the ish Parliament was one of the most abomisble and elaborate crimes ever perpetrated, re are governed by the instrumentality of a. ime. (Hear, hear.) .We are perpetually earing of the changed disposition of ngland, her desire to atono for the past, a anxiety to govern us justly, and so forth, iorern us 1 Why, her usurpation of lie power to govern us is in itself an [tolerable wrong. The only true atonement or the past, the only justice which Irishmen mi accept, or can acknowledge to be. such, is full and frank, abandonment of her smped power, and the restoration of our aiefeasible rightto control our own domestio loncerns. (Hear,, hear.)' We want no English Middling, or peddling, or tinkering. If they sk what it is that we want, we answer: Oat, stranger! out, intruder! you have no usiness here 1" (Cheering.) The speaker aen proceeded to comment at. great length a the legislation which had taken place to ive English manufactures an advantage over rish, and to quote the opinions of Grattan, ?lood, and others, on the fiscal injustice which attended the Union. He continued to observe that the talk about English capital coming to Ireland was the veriest moonshine. The Union was calculated to throw open the Irish manufacture market to the . English manufacturing capitalists. When they could pour any amount of their fabrics from Yorkihiie or Lancashire into Irish circulation, «hat interest had they in expending their capital to establish-factories in Tipperary or Galway ? In this respect the Union operated to keep English capital out of Ireland, not to bring it into it. But English, capital was not idle. It had. its. influence on Irish interests, and that influence was pernicious. The Unionists were never tired bf telling us what a gigantic advantage it would be to Ireland to be incorporated with a country possessing the largest national capital in the world. JuBt as if England was going to make us a present of-her capital, or of any of itl Any one who took the trouble to think, would see that in a rivalry between two trading nations, as between two, individual traders, the advantage is ill on the sijeof the great capitalist. (Hear and cheers.) Bo that what we got by English, capital was the underselling of ..the Irish manufacturer in his own market, and the consequent withdrawal to England of some millions of pounds " 'tog annually. ; But in tjruth what Irewanted, and wants, is not English, but rish capital. Capital is defined to consist n savings from income, and'the Union drains Ireland of her income to so vast an extent that the whole savings of the Irish nation ue probably less than the deposits in a single English bank. (Hear.) I have often caljed pnblic attention to the monstrous fiscal (rands of''which we are the victims. I don't now go at length into the subject; but I will just 1 say-that on a very low estimate £360,000,000 have.been taken out of Ireland ,Binoe. l800, oliiefly by. means of the Union. If we estimate the exported revenue, tbe absentee rents, and^he ,loss ;on Irish manufacture, as .conjointly amounting to £5,000,000 per annum for the seventy,two Warg 1he Union has .lasted, the result mil wop, a jnoney drain'of iatJO'.OOO.OOO'durinR Mperiod. To'bBb'a phrase j* Gfifittaff s, tw liaWbfien plundered by fell wehawtsioVail tact r.V Li. •J^Ll^r, EhgUsh . Government; propostf: io, augnifent the .ibSMfl: of : ijthp income taxbf •,» pevr fdwtim. '(PmitosaxA. M P® Wi Bible; csnre for this gigantic eyjl.put.Hope goyepimenit. Home Sovaniment, wbpld.t^ke, tip robber-hand ;of ;England,otw of.:our pocket, (Applause.) Some government would arrest the perpetnil drain of Irish; inconie, (Applau'afe.) ' Hoine govehimerit would thus Create abundant Irish capitbl; arid Hftme government would thereby Hstop the flight-of onr people,by retaining in Ireland an ample fond for ihe employment of their industry. (Applause); I would ask the whole clergy of Ireland—Gatholic, Protestant, Presbyterian—is this, a state of things that a Christian man should regard with apathy ? With reference to the Catholic clergy, I have to say, and I dp so. with most profound reppeot, that it is often supposed that their abstinence heretofore from any active cooperation with our' Home Hule movement has arisen from a fear lest they might, by joining our agitation, somehow embarrass Mr. Gladstone, or obstruct his design of grantingihe Catholics of Ireland a good edu- ; catiohal measure. (Hear, hear.) And here let me say that there is something indecently arrogant and insolent in the protests of Scotchmen and Englishmen against the demands of the Catholic bishopB. "Whether the Irish people are for mixed education or iagainst it, whatever way the national deBire of Irishmen tends, it is Irishmen alone who have , a right to decide in such a matter. What would be thought, of us if we in Ireland were to get up an outcry against an English or Scotch educational measure desired by Englishmen or Scotchmen, on the ground that we Irishmen did not like it and would not permit it? Yet this species of insolence is- employed against Irishmen by English politicians and journalists without number. Now I return lor a moment to the Catholic clergy. I beg that in what I am going ,to say I may not be supposed to speak in any representative capacity. Speaking, then, for myself, I will say, that I am for interfusing religious instruction with secular from the very outset. I hold this principle precisely because I hold that the Christian faith is beyond all comparison the most precious gift that any human being can possess. But when we look at the existing condition of Christendom, we see at a glance that religious education cannot be mixed. (Hear, hear.) Religious education must necessarily be denominational. My own view is this, that Trinity College should be untouched, that it should be preserved as it is —a denominational institution for the Episcopal Protestants of Ireland. (Hear, hear.) And when we remember tbat Trinity College contains such men as the Bev. Mr. Galbraith, the Bev. Dr. Haughton, and others, whose principles are shared by large numbers of the students, it is not too much to hope that we may yet see that noble old college a fortress of irish Protestant nationality. (Hear, hear, and applause.) And I wonld look with great confidence to an Irish parliament to grant an ample endowment to a Catholic University. I would submit most respectfully to the consideration of the Catholic prelates and priesthood, whether there is any rational likelihood that their most just demands can ever be obtained from an English legislature. The Educational Bill, from which so much was expected, is condemned by all parties in Ireiland. I say to the Catholic hierarchy—" Is ithis the measure for which you were waiting ? [Join us; give Home Bule the vast strength of your hearty adhesion, and depend for educational justice on a parliament in College-green." (Cheers.) I appeal on other grounds to the Catholic hierarchy; and I do so with unafiected reverence. They and their predecessors have stood fast by Ireland, and Ireland has stood fast by them, in the darkest periods of her history. I ask them to stand fast by Ireland now. (Hear, hear.) I implore them to consider the heavy responsibility incurred by every man who opposes, or who refrains from actively supporting, our Home Bule agitation. I ask thiem to look at the progressive decline of the country under the withering influence of foreign rule. Let them look at tbe latest returns of the Registrar-Generali and they will see that in the first seven mpntbs of 1872 the number of emigrants from Ireland was 54,995 ; and the number of acres thrown out of cultivation was 134,915, as compared with the previous year. The people are flying from imperial misgovernment—the land goes out of cultivation. The Irish priests do not, cannot desire that the robbery of Ireland should be perpetual and that the Irish Exodus should go on tiir it finally exhausts the bone and sinew of our nation. They cannot desire to be accomplices in the hideous work of national "plunder and national extermination. (Hear, hear.) What then, I ask them, do they wait for ? I humbly, but most earnestly, appeal to them to give us their active sup- port ; their good will, I well know, that We already possess. I appeal to them in the names of the hundreds of thousands of their race and kindred slain by the Union, in the names of the millions expatriated by the Union, and who are now looking anxiouBly over the Atlantic to see if-the pastors in the old land are true to the old <feuse. (Immense cheering.) Priests of Ireland, help us. Priests, whose connection with the Insh people is surronnded'with a thousand proud and mournful historical memories, here is your place. (Enthusiastic cheering.) I appeal to them in the name of religion. If £ werp the bitterest enemy of the Catholic Church, ih8j;ead of being as I am its attached though imworthy -member/J could not wish it "a jhore damaging blow than it would rece'ive from clerical ipftthy or inaction when the vital interests of Ireland are at stake. L'et iUe nbw a-'wotd to thb Protestant clergy. - II would rfcmina thfem thfit the rUos't terrible evils were predicted to-reault Catholic Emafacipation, yet wbat - rational jmftnwill now saythe^tthenation is.theworse •fox it,?. . Th«re; an .Cathplio ,judges on. the bench; Can one ihstancie be shown in .Which any. one of those - judges; was. swayed by pectarian prejudice in pronouncing a judgment .between .Protestants iand Catholics ? Iiook '.also alt the parliamentary'elections. My rev. friend, "Mr. Galbraith, with bis large heart/his clear head; and his Bpirit of thorough lair play, took the trouble *>f analysing a number of returns, by which he showed jthat the Catholia electors, when in great majorities, as freely gave their votes to Protestant as to' Catholic candidates. I remember some instances of this Catholic spirit of impartiality j but a mere list of names is tiresome, so I pass them over. They illustrate the good spirit that actnated the Catholics of Ireland. While ardently attached to their own creed, they scorn the wretched bigotry that would intrude sectarian distinctions into the domain of politics. Look, again, at our municipal bodies. For more than thirty years you have had a Catholic majority in the Dublin Corporation. Have not the Catholic members frankly chosen Protestant Lord Mayors alternately with Catholics? Have not the other Irish corporations in like manner given full fair play to their Protestant members? It is true that in thus acting they have only done tbeir duty; but it is right to keep their conduct before the public mind, as it furnishes an unmistakeable pledge of their hearty and honourable readiness to become interfused on fair and equal terms with their Protestant countrymen—satisfied with equality before the law—not only not seeking ascendancy, but regarding it with aversion as being incompatible with the national welfare. (Applause.) I a&k; all alarmists to contrast- the conduct of the Irish Catholics in this important regard with that of the Scotch Presbyterians or the English Protestants. Why, •the Scotch electors would no more dream of returning a Catholio to Parliament than a Mahometan; indeed, I believe that of the two they would prefer the Turk. (A laugh.) And out of the 500 English members of Parliament there are just two Catholics, and I believe that one of these became a convert since his election. There is not the least reasonjforjdoubting, and there is every reason for being certain, that the Irish Catholics are at least as liberal as the Catholics of Hun- Austria, or Prance. Permit me to gary, • - 4 read to you some testimonies as to the way they manage these matters abroad. Mr. Daunt then read the following passage from a book entitled, "Germany, Bohemia, and Hungary visited in 1837," written by the. Bey. G. R. Gleig, a clergyman of the Church of England. Of Hungary, Mr. Gleig save— " From the Catholics, though the dominant party in the State, the Protestants receive ho annoyance. The most perfect harmony, on the contrary, prevails The spirit of tolerance is more conspicuous among the Bomanists than among their rivals." And, again, Mr. Gleig says— " They (the Hungarian Protestants) would be very unreasonable, indeed, did they complain tbat tbe slightest violation is offered to their consciences.'' From a book entitled " Austria." by Peter Evan Turnbull, Esq., F.B.S., published by Murray in 1840, I take the following testimony :— " In all the German possessions of the crown, after the dread of Protestant supremacy or rivalry had passed away, general toleration wa6 introduced, and finally established by Joseph II.; so that, at this moment, every form of religion may in them be equally professed and exercised. At Vienna are atpresent .consistorial congregations of Lutherans and Calvinists, Jewish s.vnagogues. and churches of the Oriental Greeks; but persons of every shade of religious creed are admissible to all stations of the army, law, and civil government indifferently. Neither is this, as may be the case in souae countries, a mere legal and not practical right." Now, I want to know why in the name of common sense, Bhould not IriBh Protestants and Irish Catholics coalesce as harmoniously for national purposes as. ProtestantB and Catholics do in those Catholic countries? (Hear, hear). The fears entertained, or pretended to be entertained, in a few quarters, that Home Bule would eventuate in some tremendous mischief to Irish Protestants, are unsanctioned by the .character of the Irish Catholics, and are, in fact, mere ghosts conjured up by a guilty political conscience. (Cheers.) Now, you are all aware that the association has recently issued an address to the people of Ireland, invoking their assistance, especially with reference to the approachinggeneralelection. (Hear, hear.) The association has not the smallest idea of suggesting to tbe, constituencies the adoption of any particular candidates. We feel that euch a course would be improper and intrusive; and I. only mention, the matter because in some quarters an .accusation ha6 been made that we were diepc.sed to act, and in former elections had acted, intrusively and dictatoriially. No such thing. But we are extremely anxious to know what Home Bule candidates the constituencies themselves are "desirous to support, and to give such candidates all our constitutional assistance in our power. At the time ot the memorable Clare, election in 1828 it was O'Cojnnell's policy to oppose every government that did not make Catholic emancipation a,Cabinet question. This is certain, that if a compact and resolute band of .sixty or seventy Hp&eBule; members fliade a point bf viipbosing: uj>bn'' eveiiy,-jqiiestion every goverp'meiit that refused to concede Home Government to -Ireland—if; \T say; ^xty 1 ©r seventy of our tepjesentaUves had the firmaeeg and^virtue to persevere in &uoh;' a policy is-thii.-^ur JroliSM^puld sorttt begin to dis- [ cover that it fwpnld be a. great convenience r to send such intractatye gentlemen back tipl College.green. (Cheers.) And what a glorious,! day will be that on which our ancient i house shall be 'restored to its original use. It'[- has often struck my mind, as,a memorable ; tact that .'the illustrious Grattan, at the moineut when corruption was triumphant and ' when hope seemed for ever buried, did not' even then give up hope; he said tbat although • Ireland lay in her shroud, yet she was.in a swoon, but not.dead ; although she lay help,-: less and motionless, yet on her lips was the,., spirit pf life, and on her cheek the glow of beauty: be said to her— Thou art not conquered; beauty's ensign yet Is crimson on thy lip and on tliy cheek, And Death's pale Bag is not advanced there. | He predicted that Ireland would rise again from her Union grave into national life and legislative independence. (Hear, hear.) We are doin» what we can to fulfil the prediction, and we call on all our countrymen to help '• us. I read with pride and admiration the' description given by our friend, Mr. Butt, in one of . his most eloquent speeches, of tha-j scene that Dublin will present when our; parliament shall be reopened. He spoke of the thunder of cannon, of the welkin ringing. with the cheers bf a delighted people, of the all-pervading joy of the multitude, and a joy- 1 ous and magnificent scene it will be. But beyond that noble Bcene extends in long perspective a grand and beneficent future for Ireland. I look forward to the happy condi-' tion of a people disenthralled from thb execrable system that cripples their energies, plunders tbeir country, and banishes them across the ocean ; a people taught not only by the intuitiou of their own good hearts, but by the bitter lessons of experience, that., no greater curse can fall upon their country than the political ascendancy of any one Church or sect over any other Church or sect; a people retaining the fulness of their religious belief, but retaining it in the spirit of intensest charity: a people freed from foreign rule, and availing themselves of the great national gifts bestowed by the Creator upon Ireland; a people sending up to Heaven a heartfelt hymn of praise and thanksgiving for their final deliverance from the hideous nightmare that for more than seventy years has sat upon the breaBt of Ireland, mocking her agonies and crushing her down, into national paralysis. Help us, people of Ireland, to achieve that glorious consummation foryourselves and your posterity. (Vehement and prolonged cheeri' g.) Mr. Daunt concluded by moving the following resolution :— " That the report of the Begistrar-General, exhibiting progressive emigration and decline of tillage in the . 73rd year of the Union, affords the strongest proof of the need for domestic legislation, and that the condition of our country imperatively demands the best energies of her people to recover their national parliament." Mr. Griffin, B.L., seconded tbe resolution as a Protestnnt nationalist in an able and forcible speech, in which he quoted facts and figures to show the fearful decline which had taken place in the population of Ireland, and all tbe miseries visited upon the people since the period of the Union. The resolution having been adopted, the chiirman declared the proceedings closed. EAULY CIVILISATION OF IRELAND. The "Early Civilisation of Ireland" was the subject of a lecture delivered lately before the Celtic Society of London, by Mr. J. F. Goulding, formerly of Limerick. Recapitulating as much as is known of the history of Ireland prior to the Christian era, the lecturer remarked hat, even then, Ireland had a glorioust ast. Adverting to the old kings , of : erry, Tuatha de Danaans, Lia Fail, the hoenicians,, Fenius Fearsa, he showed that Ireland was the first to avail herself of the civilisation brought to Europe byi he Phoenician traders. The Irish had. the use of letters long prior to the Christian era. Recent discoveries proved the inscriptions (which had puzzled so many antiquarians) amongst the tombs of Etruria to be akin to the language of the Celtic race, who were spread oyer a great part of Europe in the earliest times. The ancient name of the Irish race, Scoti, derived from Scuit, was akin to the Scytha, an aboriginal people of Asia. The ancient religion of the Irish was the worship of the sun and fire, traces of which were discoverable even in Christian times, after theyhad been taught by St. Patrick to adore "Solem verumJesum Christum." The inextinguishable fire of St. Bridget, the mystic fires lighted at Tara, and the fires annually kindled on May Eve, and on the Feast of St. John, were referred to the same endeavour tP Christianise an ancient practice of Paganism. The Round Towers of Ireland he regarded as of Phoenician origin, and originally connected with sun worship; Their four windows at the top, looking North, South, East, and West, showed that they were originally built for some astronomical purpose. They seem after- Wards to have been used in some way for Christian purposes, and to have been used -as mausoleums, some' bf them being surrounded by a circle 6f graves. They still stand proudly erect, testifying to the aiicient civilisation of Ireland. The !ectua«r weiit on to speak of holy w'ells, so inti 1 mately connected with popular Christian tradition in''Ireland, as amongst, othfer dbuntries—and derived from the Holy Land, principally through the Phenicians. The practices traditionally connected with them seemed to provfe the facility with which St. Patrick was able to etigraft Christianity on the practices of an intelligent and virtuous people. Having briefly noticed the political constitution, of Ireland in very ancient, times, the laws of Ollam to Fodlah, the Assembly of Kings at T&ra;, the lecturer went on to speak of the practice of music amongst the ancient Irish, and their wonderful skill on the harp, in proof which he cited testimonies from Giraldus Cambrensis and other writers. Other nations had chosen the eagle, a bird of prey, for their national emblem; the Irish took the harp, the most harmonious, the most royal, and the most noble of instruments. (Applause.) The establishment of official bards was next described, the Ardfileadh- King Corrnac and his three national colleges ; his book of precepts for a prince contrasted well with that of the unprincipled and degrading teaching of the Italian Macliiavelli; his daughter was the mother of Oisin, or Ossian, the bardking, whose poems Macpherson, by an act of national petty larceny, had endeavoured to appropriate to his own countrymen. So the beautiful air of Eileen Aroon, which was admired by the greatest musicians, had been turned into a Scotch song. The next topics were the skill of the ancient Irish in metal work and in jewellery, the collar of gold popularly believed to have the magic power of contracting upon the neck of a judge who should deliver an unjust sentence, and, which, if it had been worn by one in our day on a recent judicial occasion, might perhaps have strangled him. (Laughter.) The foregoing are but a few of the points taken by the. learned lecturer, to whose address it is impossible to do justice in the space at our command. In an eloquent peroration he signalised the commencement of Ireland's recovery from her depression of long centuries, and exhorted all her sons to do their utmost to help her to regain her ancient splendour, so that her old and glorious title of "Insula doctorwm, et Sanctorum" might be revived in its full splendour. THE ROCK OF CASHEL. The Rock of Cashel, says the Nation, has ever been associated with the history of Ireland since the earliest times. On the Rock of Cashel the old kings of Munster were crowned. On the Rock of Cashel Saint Patrick baptized King •JSngus. Here, according to ancient story, Cormac Mac Cullinan, king and bishop, built his church in 903. His crozier is now in the Royal Irish Academy. His tomb, broken and defaced, is still on the rock. Brian Boroimhe, King of Munster, in 990, fortified the Rock of Cashel, twenty-four, years before he fell at Clontarf. Here Cormac MacCarthy, King of Desmond, completed in 1127 the church called Tcampnl Ghormaic, or Cormac's Chapel, which, in 1134, was consecrated by the archbishops and bishops of Munster. It is the most ancient, curious, and perfect Romanesque church in the United Kingdom. Here, in 1169, Donal O'Brien, King of Limerick, built the present great cathedral, now in ruins. On the Rock of Cashel, in 1172, King Henry II., attended by his Norman Court, received the homage of Donal O'Brien, King of Limerick, and the other princes of the south of Ireland. On the Rock of Cashel, in the same year, was held in the cathedral the meeting of the Irish clergy, at which Christianus O'Conarchy, Bishop of Lismore, the Pope's Legate, presided, and where the gift of the Kingdom of Ireland by the Pope to the Norman Sovereign Was confirmed. Here Earl Strongbow encamped in 1173, and retreated after the battle of Thurles. The founders of charities and other benefactors of CaBhel remind us of familiar names amongst the old county families. Archbishop O'Lonargan, in 1216, erected Cashel into a borough. Archbishop MacKelly, in 1243, founded the Dominican. Friary. Archbishop Cantwell, in 1480, rebuilt it. Archbishop Hackett, in 1250, founded the Franciscan Friary. Edward Bruce, brother of King Robert the Bruce, was crowned King of Ireland in 1315. King Robert the Bruce landed in Ireland in 1316\. And the two brothers, with the Earls of Monteitli and Moray, marched to Limerick. • " Syne went thai southward in the land And ryclit till Lymericke held their way." King Edward Bruce marched from Limerick with the army to the Rock of Cashel on Palm Sunday, in 1316, and thence went to Nenagh. In 1462, the " Saltair" of Cashel, originally compiled by King Cormac, was accepted by Thomas, Earl of Desrnond, as the ransom of EdmondMacRichard Butler, after the battle of ,Baille-na-phoil (Philipstown). In 1495, Gerald, Earl of Kildare, burned the cathedral, , and made.,the celebrated excuse before King Henry .TIL, in London, that he set fire to the church, for he thpught Archbishop David Creagh was in ;it. In 1596, Miles. Magrath, Protestant.^ Archbishop of Cashel, and the Earl of -Orinond, were sent ^ambassadors to O'Neill-and O'Donnelli ln ieoO, Hugh O'Neill, Earl'of Tyrone, after making a pilgrimage to the Monaatery of the Holy Cross, met the Earl of Desmond at the gates of Cashel. In 1601j the Lord President of Munster marched from Cashel with his army to intercept Hugh O'Donnell, Earl of Tyrconnel, on his celebrated march from Donegal to the battle of Kinsale. At the commencement, of the great civil war in 1641, Philip O'Dwyer, of Dundrum, took Cashel. The town and fort were held for the Confederation of Kilkenny many years. Archbishop Walsh, in 1642, reconciled the venerable cathedral. The clergy and gentry of Munster subscribed large sums of .money'for the restoration of the altars. . In 1647, Lord Inchiquin stormed the town and fortress. The great cathedral, which it is proposed to restore, consists of a choir, a short nave, transepts, with chapels to the east, of which the earlier Teampul Chormaic forms one, and a massive tower rising from the centre of the cruciform intersection of the transepts with the choir and chancel. The cathedral is remarkable for the peculiarity of its arrangements, and for the singular beauty of its details, which are of early pointed or Gothic architecture. It remained almost perfect until the Protestant Archbishop Price, between 1744 and 1752, took off the magnificent roof, and left it a ruin. It is proposed to raise a sum of £ 5 0 , 0 0 0 for this great restoration. THE CROKE FAMILY AND TltE CHURCH. The Cork Examimr, in reporting that the Month's Mind of thelate Yery Rev. Dr. Croke, of Charleville, had been celebrated, gives an exceedingly interesting account of his life and labours, from which we extract the following :—Born in the year 1782—a year memorable in the annate of our history—he formed one of the surviving links between the times of persecution and the comparative liberty which our Church at present enjoys: and his memory was stored with anecdotes of those disastrous days when a priest of this diocese—the Rev. Peter O'Neil— was inhumanly flogged, and afterwards transported, because he would not reveal the secrets of the Confessional; and a Bishop—the Most Rev. Dr. Coppinger— was obliged to fly in the dead of night to escape the emissaries that were sent to arrest him. He was the grand-nephew of the Most Rev. Dr. M'Kenna—a distinguished prelate who conferred inestimable benefits on this diocese by the establislimentg of bursaries in the Irish Collegein Paris for the education of its priests. His family was remarkable for the number of priests it supplied to the Irish Church, both in past and present times, and he used tn boast with grateful pride that his grandmother could count back for more than a hundred years priests of her family who laboured in the sacred ministry, and helped to keep alive the torch of faith during the worst period of the Penal Laws. These heroic confessors are worthily represented in the present day by two nephews of the deceased dignitary, the Most Rev. Dr. Croke, Bishop of Auckland, New Zealand, and the Very Rev. James Croke, Y.G., of San Francisco. FAIRS AND PRICES OF STOCK. A few particulars of the priceB obtained for stock at some of the chief fairs recently held in Ireland will be interesting news to many of our readers. At Templemore Fair, which was held on the 31st March, the following prices ruled : Beef scarce, from 60s. to 75s. per cwt., and extra, 80s. per cwt.; stripper cows at from £12 to £19. Two very large beasts sold at £26 each. Three-year- old heifers from £12 to £18 ; two-year-olds at from £8 to £13 ; yearlings at from £5 to £8. The top price of the fair was received by Mr. Fitzwilliam Welsh (the Chalet, near Nenagh),-for 17 strippers, for which Mr. M'Cann gave him £19 a-piece. Mr. Massey French got £18 for strippers; Mr. Thomas Dwyer got £15 15s. each for 20 heifers; Mr. E. Kennedy, J.P., Bantiss, got £18 each for a lot of forward bullocks.. Springer cows and heifers were in great demand at from £15 to £23 each. . In the sheep fair there was a considerable fall, and a very slow demand. Half the hoggets brought in were taken back unsold ; prices ruled from 40s. to 60s. each for any forward'ones. Fat sheep in slow demand at a decrease in price. At Slane, County Meath, held on 2nd April:—Prime beef rated ifrom 80s. to 85s. per cwt. ; second class, from 70s. to 72s. 6d. Bacon rated from lis. 4d. a score to 2s. lOd. The horse fair was of no account. At Castleblayney, County Monaghan :—Prime beef, 81s. per cwt. ; second quality, from 73s. to 78s. per do. ; strippers, from £11 to £16 10s, ; springers, from £16 to £23 jyearlings, £5 5B. to £9 10s.; two-year-olds, £11 to £14 10s. ;' three-year-olds, from ! j.6s. ; to £20 10s, each; fat wethers^ :iroin £3 '16s. to £4 5s. each. Hoggets from 40s. to 44s. ; ewes with lambs on fo'ot,'& ilpB rto :£4: 19s,;. finished bacon pigs .most iou^lit after. First-class quaUty from^d.'to ~ per lb.; secondclaes, 5Jd; Store pigs varied: frt>m £210s. to £215a. j ijJlips and runners,'.from 17B; fo 22s. tearihy : Horsesfor farm'purposes, from £15 "to £2i$. White wheat; from 29s. to 35s per barrel ; red do., 28s. to 33s. per do.; oats from 12s. 6d. to 15s. 9d. per do.harl^y 17s. to 20s, ; oatmeal,, lis. 6cL to 19s. per cwt. Thurles Fair, 1st April:—Store cattle,, one and a-half years old,:from £9,ta;£13, and two and a-half years old, £12 to £15. Beef, from 68s. to 78s. per cwt. : Cows in calf, £23 each ; average price wa« £16. Rathdrum, County Wicklow:—Springers and milch cows, from £16 to £26 each ; strippers, from £13 to £17 each ;. threeyear-old heifers and bullocks, from £13 to £18 each; two-year-old do., from £11 to £14 each, and one-year-olds, from £6 10s. to £10 each. Beef cattle (supply small, demand good), sold. at from 73s. to 75s. per cwt. Fat pigs, 56s. per cwt. ; stores, 40s. to 50s. each; bonhams, from 12s. to 25s.: each. Ewes and lambs, from 55s. to 70s. ; fat ewes, 8£d. to 9d. per lb. ; fat wethers, 9d. to lOd. per lb; store wethers, 1 50s. to 55s. each; store ewes, 45s. to 50s. each. 