Miscellaneous. A wealthy printer fau been diacnrered in India. The Britiah Zoological Society are .making preparation! to catch him. */ ; , There It atnorement In New fork againat fashionable fonerali. It ii thought that with ;? len mjMDM -there could be more of them. 'la-* California obitnafy it ). tUUS thetthe <Wsea»»d -waa a peraon of a romantic nature. \- Hi >r«Heplacfcd the breach of bil gun tn the fire. 1 and looking down tho mnnle, departed hence epontaneoaaly.*' ' ' A clergyman aaldtho other day. that modern voting ladiei were not daughtera of Bhem and Ham, bnt tarightera «f Hem and Sham, a com pound of plain aewtng and make-believe. ? if Here la .the la teat description or e kiae float ing »bonl without credit: ..'Twaa night, A , n- real tender couple etood in the pale, cool tnoon . boamt.. Slietrifpe touched, and there waa a v - iMriihd like a cow hauling her hoof out of the mud." Not Jong ago, ilna Murt, a certain lawyer ?????, of OelUo extraction, jrbll# arguing iritli «ar , «WtDM« bi* «tatefl * p'lint and then jirooeeded. " And, if ftplaze the eoort. If I «b wrong In this.I hate Mother point that la aqoally conqlu«l*e.*' . . : Iiore il an Inmate who creates a great deal of eonfation And ? disorder in the hiiase jbe Ulrica iDtl>f4ttV not let bis entertainer have tnueh ptaeo tif quietneu. Lore does not Make peoble enjoy tlieir food or take deep draught of sleep.-Bhoda Bronghton. ., s A camel and an elephant belonging tn a : cirtoi were tied to a tree near the railway the mbef 8ay, when the etprets train cane along. The camel fainted away, but the elephant ?started bff with the tioc, the camel, end the keeper. Liccxie fit SiKRirm -A gentleman of Tianiatlantle "raising" had mentioned the exceedingly likely fact that he tad seen as many ai 60 anafcea np a tree at one time. An I£tlgli(ha)an, however, ventured tn evince n decide* Incredulity. "Waal atranjjer." s«ii) the Yankee, "there were 40." "Furtyl hnt that it aa wonderful at SO," exclaimed the otlieri "Waal, stranger," wat the rejoinder, "eeam tarnatjnn bard to please. We'll sir 20 -*-therel And I'm darned if t do 1)1 t fight afote 1 take off another enaki1! ' THE Oli> LADY AND THE RonBER*.-We d" ixt It now whether this story i* true or faUe; but it is *aid hero that recently in the parish of St. Martin, Iberia, or somewhere down that way. an old widow lady, whose children had all married off and Uft her, had becu pcisuadcd to sell her little place and live will) theui. She Bold her laml. buildings, and improve ments one day for 2000 dollars, and received the cash on the spot in her own house, where the act of »ale was paused before two witnesses, the number required by the law, and who wit nessed also the payment of the money, In a short time she was to give possession, but she remained in the house the night following the sale all nlone, or wilh no masculine adult inmates, as was her custom. That night two negro burglars broke Into the liuusc, and de manded Iter money or her life. She gave it to them, but begged them to let her have 100 dollars of it, as she owed that amount, and wanted to pay the debt, wlieu she would be satisfied. They fiually agreed to let her have thy loO dollars. They then ordered her to iuake some coffee for them to drink. In doing so she bethought herself of flmne stryohnitje she bad in the house, end quietly dropped it in the pot of steaming cofloo, and placed it on the table with cups, spoons, and sugar* for thein to pour oui and sweeten to their tastes. This they did, and drank in a jolly tnood, each one having 950 dollar* in his pocket, l^ut in a short tiine the tables were turned. Ooe gave up tbe ghost where he sat ut the table in his cbair, and the other got up, staggered off a few feet, and tumbled over iuto etsrnity. The good old lady tocovcred ber tuoney, and on ex earning the persona of tbo black burglarious robbers, they turned out to be the two wit nesses to the act of the sale, both white men blackened for the occasion-both her neigh bours, aud ouo was Uer couaiu.- New Orleans Herald. Sir Samuel Baker and his Lady are in Lon don, and the Gbop windows are already pretty full of portraits of the illustrious travellers who return home after dangerous adventures with tbe slave dealers of Central Africa. Sir bamuel, however, it prevented from appearing io public owing to a severe cold. A minister had t» negro in tils family. One Sunday when be waB preaching, be happened toloolc in the pew wlwre tbe negro was, and could hardly contain himself when be saw tbe negro, who could not read or write a word, scribbling away most industriously. After meeting lie said to tbe negro, "Torn, what were yon doing in tbe church?" "Taking notes, massa; all de geinmen takes notice." "Bring your notes here and let uie see them." Tom brought his notes, wbieb looked more like Chinese than English. "Why, Tom, this is all nonsense." "[thought eo, massa, all tbe time you was preaching it" GOOD tob A' Sqcabe MEiL -At Barnum's aliow one day. a young husband, the happy father of a chubby, roBy-cheeked baby, was Rendering about the concern, and after a while notred the headquarters of the ''Wild Fiji Cannibals." Holding the aforesaid offspring in bis arms, be stopped to view these feeders on human flesh, Mr. Fiji accosted the papa thusly: "Fattee baby, whits men: good eat; tender, Fiji man like him. How roucbee price? Fiji man pay Melikes man dollars."' The horrified father drew back aghast, but hastily responded in this wise: "What'll you five, noble savage?" "Fiji man give ten ollars." "To cheap: worth more ijbut I'll tell you what I'll do. I've got a nice old mother in-law at borne I'll sell you for five dollars. Bbe's rather touch eating, but good for a square meal."-Ban Franciico Ntwt UUtr. A bridegroom seat an aooount of Ills wed ding to the village psper, and was mortified when "the ladyv wedding trouiieau" same oat in print "the wedding trousers," The enfant terrible of a Washington family whose slater Eliza ia a ahining belle in society, was allowed . seat near one of the diatin guised guests at a dinner party given by liia father the other day, and, In the midst of the merriment, he atartled the company by pro pounding the conundrum, "why is father like the devil?" A painful panae ensued, and as BOone ventured to answer, he shouted out, ''Because be'a she father of Lize," Probably no boy in the wastry «rai ever put to bed quicker than be on that ooesion. In illustration of the impnrtanoo of good manners, a contemporary recalls an Incident which occurred at a Sootcli telegraph office somo years ago. Lord John BusboII was the Minister in attendance upon ber Majesty at Balmoral, and one evening there came a messenger to Aboyne-a little old man, burled in a greatcoat-with a telegram from his lordship to one of bis Ministerial colleagues to London, The message was handed to the oiork in charge, a peremptory person, who, seeing that it did not boar a signature-it was in the days of the old companies, when a signature was necessary-threw it contemp tuously baek, with the authoritative command, "Pot yonr name lo it; it's a pity your maeter doesn't know bow to send u telegram." The name was added, and the message banded back. Why yon can't write, eitherl" cried the enraged clerk, after vainly endeavouring to make out the signature. " Here, let me do it. What's your name?" "My name," said the i old man, very deliberately, "is John Bussed." It was the veritable Lord John himeelf. an.d the unhappy clerk was removed from Aboyne forthwith. A LISBON FOE LOVEBS.-We aliall never forget that evening we ipent at Magruder'a, years ago, We admired Mils Magrnder, and we went around to aeo her. It waa cummer time, and moonlight, and she eat npon the fiiarz*. The carpenter had been there that day, gluing up the rnatio chain on the porch: so ire took a seat on the atep, in front of Miai Magrader, where <re could gflss into ber eye a .nd drink in iter Bmiiea. It Beam a probably that the carpinter mnet have upaet bia glue pot ou the spot where we aat, for after enjoy ing lliea Magruder'a remarks for a couple of houra, and drinking aeveral of her smilea, we tried to riae for the purpose at going home, but found that we weie immovably fixed to the step. Then Miaa Magruder aaid.-"Don't be in a hurry:" and we told her we believed we wonldn't. The converaation bed a ladder tone efter that, and we aat there thinkieg whether it would be belter to ask Miss Magru der to withdraw while we disrobed and went home in Highland coitumo, or whether we ehonld urge her to warm up the poker an that we could thaw ourselves out; or whether we should give one trrffic wrench And then ramble down the yard backward, About midnight Miss Magruder yawned and said she believed she would go to bed. Then we suddenly asked her if she thought her father would have any objection to lending us his ftront steps for a few days, because we wanted to take them home for a pattern. We think Miss Magruder meet have entertained datibtsof our sanity, for she rushed in, called her father, and screamed. Magmder came down with a double barrelled gun. Then we explained the affair in a whisper, and he procured a saw and ont out the piece of the step to which we were attached. Then we went home wearing the patch, and 2 o'clock ennhed out our young love for Miss Magruder. Wo never called agaio, and she threw* herself away on a dry ?ood man. There is a oiclsncholy satisfaction n recalling there memories of youth, and in reflecting upon tbe influence of glue upon the eraotinos of the human heart.-New York Clipper, The Richmond ZHnpatch tells this story: "Just after wo l«ft Rounceville, Ju (go C , of Cbarlottesvlle, commenced his jokes, and soon bad all the passengers in a roar. "I'll fell you what I can do,* said the Jodge to (he cor respondent of * New York Taper. *You may think of any tunc yon please, whether I ever heard it or not, and by seeing you keep the time with yenr fingers, I can tell you what o are playing.' The curreapondent wan sceptical. Aftor thinking a moment, he j commenced piano-playing nn th6 back of the 1 eeat in front of him with the grace of Leo Wheat. 'What am I playing now? he asked , eagerly, and with an air «f tiiuuipli. 'You are (iNving lite-fool,' tepliod (he Jndge/': Lawyer*'month* i\rc like turnpike gates never opened except f <r pay. The Tichborne case proceeds with judoa* ing liionototiy. For (lie Ust few wrek olio day's proceedings have BO closely resembled (ho lust, and been so like (he next. that gene ral rcaderg are quite lCHdy for a little excite iiirnt, and it has come in (be person of a man Arriving in London and claiming to be the much sought for Arthur Orion. When a doubt was expressed by eome person* respect ing bis story, lie banded £50 to the landlord of the house in which bo stayed as an evidence of Iiih Mucerity, lie, however, sceius to have thought better of it, and the money has beeu banded back to him. It is said tbat "the claimant'*" solicitors hare not thought it wurtli (heir while to make enquiries about (he newcomer. It is only some quarrel amongst the big wigs of the court, or some extraordi nary evidence, that can now arouse public attention to the Tichborne case, This was (he case a few days ago, when evidence was given by Louis Luie, who pays be was siowarri in 1854 of the Osproy, sailing from America to Australia, and that ho remembers bis vessel picking up some shipwrecked men who stated that their ship*. the J3eUa. bad foundered. Amongst the half dozen men, four of whom were almost unconscious from sunstroke, was a young man who aftcrwHid1* said bis name was llogeis. Since Louie's evidence the case baa again lelapsed into comparative oblivion. The personal estate left by the late Lord Wolverton has been proved under £1,000.000. the stamp duty paid on the probate amounting to £23.500. Following the example of bis father and brother, the deceased nobleman has left £60,000 to such of bis sons as shall be members of the banking firm of Olya, Mills, Currie, <fc Co., for tbe purpose of supposing the family interest in the business, and cx picssee a wish that bis sou fehouJd do the same. The flowing tide of Conservative rcaotion ha« been breasted by Bath, which has returned Colonel llaytcr, a Liberal, by a innjority or 139\. Tbe result is significant if we accept the estimate placed on it by the conservatives themselves, for Mr. Disraeli pointed to the Queen of Cities in the West qr having an opportunity in the election "of not only lead ing, but sustaining, public opinion at a critical period." The tight hon. gentleman, just before the election, was also eloquent in the approbation of the "spirit of constancy" which the city bas shown. 13ut liatb has replied to i tbe challenge Id a way which at least shows that the Conservative leader was premature in bis jubilant outburst of epigrammic denun ciation. Tbe city bat, At a very critical period, and when the eyes of all England were on her, vindicated her principles for tbe liberal Early. A batty and intemperate utterance as seldom been more appropriately rebuked. PBErAKATlONB FOB TOE UoYAL MARRIAGE. -Queen Victoria will be represented at the marriage of bei second son, tbe Duke of I2din. burgh, by Her Majesty's eldest daughter, the Crown Princess of Germany and Princess Uoyal of England. Tills is the immediate object of tbe journey of ber Imperial High ness, with tbe Crown Prince ber husband, to St. Petersburg. TOE ROYAL MABBIAQE.-The cnarrisge of the Duke of Edinburgh ii expected to take place at 6t. Petersburg on January 17. In the Russian capital they are busy preparing for the marriage; and in tbe works of Cionstadt they are making standards bearing the Duke'a arms. These consist of the royal arms of England bearing tho Duke's special cognisance on & scutcheon bearing tbe silver bend charged with crOBc gules and two anchors of the same. A OONTBAST.-A naval review was held at Spitbead on the 23rd of June 1773. George Iir. was then King, and faia Majesly left Kew about 4 am., reaoblrg Portsmouth at 11 o'clock on tbe morning of tlio 22nd, and after receiving Addresses fro in the Corporation and other authorities. |irooeeded to Spilhesd, and embarked oo board the Barfleur.of ninety gone, and dined at what was then the fashion able hour-half past 8 p m. The next day the King passed in review twenty sail of the line, and visited the Brittania, a first-rate of 100 guns; the Royal William, a second-rate, of of eighty-four guns: and the Defence, a third rate, of sixty four guns. Tbe King was proud of bis fleet, which was tben deemed invincible; bat if on Monday it bad been still in exist ence and attacked by a hostile Devastation, not a vestige of it would be in a defensive condition in twenty minutes, while tbe Devas tation would be uninjured and quite ready to engage twenty or more of the same kind of ships. Qeoree III. left Portsmouth on the 26th of June, at * quarter lo 7 a.m.. and reached Kew at S p.m. The Shah loft London on Monday at 8 o'clock, arrived at Portsmouth at 10, reviewed ths fleet, visited tbe dockyard, received addresses, wai entertained at . ban quet, ent back to London at balf-past 7. and, after dining went to the Albei t Hall, where the glories of Banelagh 100 yearn ago were as much eclipsed as the fleet of Vice-Admiral Pyne was by that commanded by Admiral Sir G. Bodney Mundy.-Pull Mall Oaiette. .' Berkeley, 6ept., 18G9--Gentlemen, I feel it a duty t own to von to express my gratitude for the great benefit I bave derived by taking ' Norton's Camomile Pills.' I applied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for the above named Pill«, for wind in tbe stomach, from wbicb 1 suffered excruciating pain fnra longth of time, having tried nearly every remedy pre scribed, but without deriving any benefit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable pills I was quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may thai be afflioted.-I am. Sirs, yours truly, HENBY ALLPASB.-To the Proprietors of NOBTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS. HAEAVILLA GOOOA.-TAYLOR BROTHERS (the largest Maoafaoftirers of Coco# in Europe}, having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any oilier Ooooa for Purity -fine Aroma - Sanative, Nutritive and Sustaining Power-Easiness of Digestion - find especially, high delicious flavour. One trial will establish It as a favorite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing Refreshment after a late evening. N.B. Caution-'"MABAVILLA" is a registered Trade Mark. MA&AYILLA; OOOOA.-The Globe Bays, | *'Taylor Brotheis' Mfir&villa; Cocna has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other Coooa in tho market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare con centration of the purest elements of ontritlon. distinguish the Maravjlln Coeoa above all others. For Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recommend a mora agreeable or valuable beverage.*' For fuither favorable opinions vide Standard, Morning PotU British Medical Journal, &c.;> j*c. HOM(EOPATHIO COOOA-This original pre paration, which has attained such a world, wide reputation, Is manufactured by TAYLOR BROTHERS under the ablest homoeopathic advice aided by the skill and experfeuce of the inventors, and will be found to combine io au eminent degree the purity, fine aroma, and nutiitious property of the fresh out. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made En one minute without boiling. The above articles are pre fiareJ exclusively by Taylor Brothers, the argest manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tin lined packets only, by Storekeepers and others *11 over the world. Steam Mills, Brick Lane, j London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Bel gium. ! Bolloway't Ointment and Pills.--Kor the care of burn*, scalds, woouds and ulcers, this justly celebrated Ointment stands unrivalled. Its balsamic virtues, immediately on applica : tion, lull tbe pain and smarting, protect tbe exposed nerves frum tbe air, endue the vessels with tbe vigour necessary to heal the sore, and confer on the blood a purity which permits it only to lay down healthy flesh in tilace of that which had become diseased. Ho!io*ray'« ; Pills, simultaneously taken, mncb assist tbe Ointment's purifying and soothing power. Together these medicine* act like a charm; no invalid, after a fair trial, has fouud them fall to relieve hi« pain, or completely cure his disease. Tbe combined beneficial action of the Ointment and Pills, in ail disorders, Is too irresistible to be withstood. 