CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION. ANNUAL MEETINGS. The annual meetings were commenced at the Stow Church, Flinders-street, on Tuesday even- ing, April 8. There was but a limited attend- once, owing doubtless to the lack of public by and the threatening state of the weather. The Chairman (Rev. F. W. Cox) presided, and there were on the platform the Revs. C. B. Symes, B.A., J. Jefferis, LL.B., F. W. Cox, J. Ferguson, W. Wilson, C. Hall, J. C. McMichael, and M. Williams. The meeting was opened by devotional exercises, conducted by the Chair- man, who at their close referred to his ap- proaching vacation of office, and expressed a hope that God would be with their new Chairman, and that he would that night and always speak words of edification, and that God would be always with him. THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Rev. C. B. SYMES then took the chair, and read his address as follows : — "Christian Brethren—The prominence as- signed to me to-day is quite casual, and can neither be regarded as the reward of patient and efficient service in your midst, nor as the acknowledgment of personal worth. "As a comparative stranger my claim to this post of honor cannot be compared with many of my ministerial brethren who have won your confidence for years— and, be it distinctly un- derstood, it has not been so compared. I am here simply to supply the place of our esteemed brother, the Rev. E. Griffiths, whom you elected last year to this office, but from whom the broad seas now part us ; and, while thinking you for the trustful sympathy which led you to think that I could supply his lack of service, I cannot help giving utterance to the regret which fills all our minds that we do not see in this chair to- day the true-heartcd, manly, unselfish pastor, from whom we had hoped to hear strong words, which would stir our love to Christ, and deepen our devotion to the spiritual interests of the world. "You will have observed a great alteration in the arrangements which have been made for the meetings if this session. The change bas been made in the hope that, by providing for the dis- cussion of questions which intimately affect the spiritual welfare of the congregations which we represent, we might derive more profit than from the simple transaction of formal business. The Committee thought that there had grown up in this Union an earnest desire that these meetings might be productive of more spiritual refreshment and stimulus than heretofore, so that the members might return to their work in the Churches, not only with higher ideals, but with renewed courage to pursue and greater wisdom to attain them. It remains for you to say whether the Committee rightly or wrongly interpreted your wishes. If rightly, you will remain in Adelaide and sustain those additional meetings; if wrongly, you will effect a speedy exit as soon as the formal business his been transacted. "In considering to what subject the intro- ductory address might wisely call your thoughts to day, the questions have arisen—Is there any marked deficiency in the creed or life of our Churches in this colony to which our attention ought to be called? or, is there any new direc- tion into which the energies of our Churches may with profit be invited ? It is in attempting to answer these questions that I have specially felt the disadvantage of my short residence in the colony. One year of labor, mostly concen- trated on Adelaide, has not given me much in- sight into the state of our denomination, nor has it enabled me correctly to appreciate our aptitudes and disabilities. The conditions of our life here have their own special distinctive- ness. The conditions of climate, of a sparse population, and the necessity which is laid upon most of that population to exhaust their energy in meeting the material exigencies of the day, render it impossible that we should accept the larger and more vigorous organizations of older countries as models for our labors in the service of the same Lord. "There is, however, one subject on which it is peculiarly important at the present time that the Church of Christ in this colony should be ready to bear an unfaltering testimony—a testi- mony which shall not merely rest upon the lessons of our earlier life, but which shall ex- press the intelligent and unwavering convic ions of to-day. Throughout Europe there is a great and growing conflict around the divine autho- rity of the Bible. In Roman Catholic countries, where till recently the most stringent sacerdo talism has repressed the liberty of speech and literature, the right of private judgment is being fearlessly asserted and exercised with all the eagerness of a new freedom, to the verge of denying altogether the divine authority of Scripture. In Protestant Christendom the same direction is being pursued, with less in- deed of feverish eagerness, but perhaps even deeper and mere settled unbelief. In England the concentration of thought on material science is leading men first to ignore the Spiritual, then to doubt, and, finally, to deny. The alleged fact of a divine revelation is of course one of the first difficulties to be dealt with before this world can be regarded as entirely free from the shackles of divine authority, and towards the disproof of such a divine revelation many very able minds are drifting. Now, it is very pro- bable that tbis wave of thought has broken in some of its tipples on this far distant shore. It is scarcely possible that our access to the literature of Europe shall leave us uninfluenced by its thought, its sceptism, or its faith. Those brethren who are more experienced than I in the life of our Churches will know whether there is in South Australia generally a strong and intelligent conviction that this Bible is for all practical purposes a correct and complete presentation of the mind of God, or whether there is an increasing hesitancy among us in facing the sceptic, and saying, 'We firmly be- lieve that, not in one merely, but in all its divisions, this Bible carries the authority of God with it, and is free from human error.' Be the state of thing, among us what it may, I feel very anxious that while our population will be continually increased by those who come fresh from countries where the tone of litera- ture is greatly hostile to the inspiration of God's Word; while these new elements them- selves may bring with them the enervating in- fluence of a wavering faith, they may receive from the Christian Church in this colony, not the mere echoes of tradition, nor the partial representations of a narrow creed, which is blind to all difficulties, but a clear well grounded testimony to the divine authority of the Bible. May they find us prepared to prefix, "Thus saith the Lord" not merely to the beauti- ful precepts of Christ, but to the doctrinal reasonings of the Apostles, to the prophetic utterances of Hebrew seers, and to all the sacred histories of the Jewish nation ; so that our clear faith may sustain the wavering, and lead candid minds, who may have been unduly swayed by one set of considerations, to review their position, and to place themselves under the teaching of that divine Spirit who will lead them into all truth, and bring them to such a knowledge of it that they may be saved. "Your attention is then asked not to the teaching of Scripture regarding any particular doctrinal truth, but to that inspiration of the Scriptures which constitutes them the Court of final appeal in all discussions of religious truth. "In looking at the subject of inspiration, the first question arises as to the sense in which we are prepared to use the term. Without entering on too scholastic a discussion of its meaning, it may be sufficient to say that we understand the term to express that divine influence which enabled the writers of the Scriptures to convey without error all the truth that God has felt to be needful for our fulfilment of His will. This generic use of the term includes all the different modes in which it has pleased God to exercise that influence. It include, what is commonly called an inspiration of revelation, whereby God uncovered to the writers truths which were previously hidden, and which, without each an Apocalypse, they could not have conceived. The great truth of our immortality, dimly guessed at by heathen sages, and clearly stated in the Word of God, is such a doctrine. The spiritual result which arises from the death of Christ, in procuring the reconciliation and justi- fication of the sinner, is also a truth which could not lie understood without a revelation. It in- cludes, further, what is commonly called an in- spiration of elevation, by which the mind, of the sacred writers were so elevated as to be able adequately to appreciate these great mysteries. It include, that suggestion of the very words themselves, which might sometime, be nea/lfal where tbe revelation exceeded the limits of human thought, as, e g., iu many \\___\\. foldings of the Infinite Majesty of God, It includes thst invigoration of the memory which wonld preserve the sacred historians and evangelists from misrepresentations when they narrated facts which had come within their own observation, and would enable them to dis criminate between truth and error, if they were compiling from records, " Ton will observe that we have indicated no precise mode in which that influence has been exercised by God. Ido not think that, in rela tion to a subject so confessedly out of the range of our own experience, snd so incapable of analysis by us—white anxious enquiries and cavil clatter round it—there can be any wisdom in our attempting to penetrate by a priori reasoning into the nature of inspiration, and then to try and force every part of Scripture into an ulustratiou of the same mode. We may not understand all the ways in which the Holy Spirit influenced the minds of the writeis, and in thinking that we do we are apt to limit the Holy One of lorae'. " Whilst, however, onr view, are thus elastic regarding the nature of inspiration, we cannot be too emphatic in claiming God's direct con nection with, and responsibility for, the whole of the aacred record*. For here we come upon the distinction between the mere productions of human genius and the inspired records. AU genius ia the gift of God. Shakspeare was en dowed with his poetic and dramatic power; Milton with his penetrating intuitions snd* splendid imagery; Lord Bacon with his power of generalization by patient processes of induc tion and analysis; Macaulay with his exquisite diction snd artistic skill: All these were en dowed by 3od originally with their gifts, and left free to cultivate and use them. God has not_ connected Himself to immediately with their writinga as to accept their responsibility. They have been free to write as they would, and we discriminate between the true and the false lu their work.. On the other hand. David, with hut pasnona'.e devotion; Isaiah, with hi.en raptured visions; and the evangelists, with their impartial historic accuracy, not merely as we nelifve, exercised gifts which had been bestowed upon them by God, but exercised those gifts under the immediate direction and control of God Himself; so that these writings come to ns under the divine imprimatur, and demand both our credence and our trust. We claim no ?nore than this divine connection with and responsibility for the sacred writings ; bnt we can rest our faith for time and eternity on nothing less. We will not attempt to be wise above what is writfcea as to the mode of that connection; but of its reality we are assured in the words which I still prefer to render as in our authorise J version— * All Scripture is given by inspiration of God.' "A passing reference tothe writings of Moses in tue light of modern reasoning about inspira tion will show how, in different ways, God may mike Himself responsible for the whole record. If there ba reasonable ground to believe that picture, were presented to the mind of Moses by God, representing the different stages of creation, aud that he was guarded by God from all error when he described them, there would be authoritative inspiration. If, in the subse quent history to the close of Genesis of events which occurred prior to his own life, there ia clear evidence, from the different kinds of language pscd. that be was compiling from re cords which hid been written in fragmentary form, we need only claim, in order to their in spired ituthority, that God ahould enable him unerringly to discriminate between history and b-gend, trnth and fiction. If, in writing the accouut of his own life and work, of hi. leader* ship of Israel, he drew the materials from his owu memory, wo simply mainttin that the llo'y Spirit quickened hi. memory and guarded i bim from all mistake. All these modes would realisaour idea of inspiration as fully as the vcrb.il inspiration of tho moral and ceremonial law ; where we are inclined to think that God must have communicated ipsissima verba, be cause e tea of these implies God's connection with, and authority for. the entire record. '• Wedotben believe, snd for this we contend, that although Goi may have influenced the mind t.f ihe sacred writers in different ways, their writings do bear His authority, a:d that 'All Scripture is given by inspiration of God.' It* historic records cannot be placed ou a level with the myths of the heroic age in Greece or Rome, nor with the partial and colored statements of modern historians. They are accurate his tories. Its precepts rank far higher tfian the ethical councils of tho mOBt elevated moral philosophers, and are .final in their authority. Its revelations of the future ire no mere visions of a po_t's fancy, bat the outlines of that history which eternity will purely write. Its promises we cin trust to the uttermost ss the very words of One who 'is not a nun that He should lie, nor the son of man that he shonld ropent.' It is to us an abiding proof of the communication between God and man, for throughout its length and breadth the Word of God. " Thia, then, is the testimony which we would bearinanage when very loose notions of the inspired a ithority of the Bible eitcnsively pre vail. We do not feel called upon to maintiin that in every part of the Bible the very words were dictated to the writers, tor many reasons ' we doubt thi*. One reason is tbat we do not j feel that it was needful that the words should ! be dictated ia cases where men write what they j had themselves seen or heard. In such a case 1 it was only needful that God shonld guard them from error. Inasmuch, then, as God never wastes power, wa think it unlikely that He exercised a supsiflnous influence. A seeond reason is the total absence of veibal accuracy in ' the quotations by our Lord and th* Apostles of Old .testament writers. Had the diction been an essential part of their inspiration, we think that the very dictiin would have beeu preserved in quotation, instead of which we often 6ad the meaning of tbe Old Testament writers clothed iu new language by Ohrist and i His Apostles. " But we do not on this account abate one jot of our belief in the plenary inspiration of the Scriptures. Some may eliminate the Pen tateuch as containing only the fanciful tradi tions among a superstitions people concerning their national origin. Other, may lighten what they deem the sinking barque of inspiration by throwing overboard the historic record, because they contain many divine injunctions, the moral beanty of which we cannot see, and which appear to us to be out of harmony with the Christian dispensation. Others may reject the doctriaa! Kpistles ss only the dednotion of s metaphysical thinker—but we claim them all, and feel that^they all bear the stamp of divine authority—that they have been ipreserved with singular accuracy—and that we can rest our faith on them as on that Word of God whieh, unmoved, shall see the heaven snd earth pass away. "Approaching now the difficulties which are urged against the inspiration of the Scriptures, they are mainly of two kindr. The first class of difficulties is urged by those who deny the rea'ity of the mpematural, or at least its con nection with this world. When we claim that * holy men of God spake as they were moved I by the Holy Ghost' we of course raise the general question, of which this is only a part, j The question of inspiration shires the diflicul- ' tie. which beset the whole question of the supernatural, and those who refuse to allow the supernatural any plane in their oreed join issue with us at the outset. These opponents, however, we must at present pass by, not by any means through silent contempt, for they deserve more respectful treatment, but because they raise broader questions than we have time now to answer. Their diffioulties underlie the whole evidence of Christianity, into which we cannot enter. We must at present assume the genuineness of Christianity, the divinity of the Lord Jenus, and the ordinary hUtorio credi bility of the Gospels before we oan deal with the question—Haa God specially inspired men to reveal His mind and will? "The second class of difficulties is urged aimply against the inspiration of the Bible, and not against the connection of the supernatural with the natural. With these alone we deal. "Accepting, then, the divine person of our Lord as investing His words and work with divine authority, it seems very probable that Jesus would provide some reliable record of all that He had done, and all which he wished His follower, to do in continuing His woik. Chris tianity was intended for all countries and all ages. Unless, therefore, a continual succession of inspired speaker, was raised up ia every nation to declare the will of Ohrist (which would have been a superfluous exercise of miraculous power), it is very probable that Christ would inspire a record which might become the permanent property of the Church and the world. "Further, assuming the Gospel, not to be gratuitous fictions but honest histories, we find that Jesus promised His disciples such a gift of the Holy Spirit aa would constitute inspiration. * Howbeit when He, the Spirit of Truth ia come. He will guide yon into all truth. I have yet many things to aay unto you, but ye cannot bear them now. Bat the Comforter, who is the Holy Ghost, shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whaiaover I have said unto you.' Ohrist here distinctly intimates that a special influence of the Spirit would be giveji to His disciples to awaken ia their minds tbe memory of all that He had taught; and further, that the Holy Spirit ahould teach them a great deal which they were unable st that time to receive from Him. They would thus be qualified to write the four narratives of the Gospels and the doctrinal teaching. If, then, there are four inspired records, giving with the distinctiveness of each writer s perfectly accu rate narrative of all that Jesus did and taught, it is only what we might fairly expect a. the fulfilment of this promise; or if these doctri nal Kpislles do contain s more complete aud pefectly correct unfolding of the great result, or Chrift's work—of the influence of His sacrifice in opening to us the doors of the spiritual kingdom, together with the glorious privilege, of thst kingdom, it is only what we might fairly expect from this promise of our Lord. "We can clearly recognise that Jesus came rather to be the Gospel than to preaoh it—that there would be many aspects of Hi. sacrificial death which could not be appreciated till after that death had taken place, and that we do need an inspired explanation of what would otherwise bave been a sad enig ns. I venture to think that Calvary without the exposition of it by the inspired Apostles would have seemed to us a tragedy, reflecting glory indeed on tie self-devotion of the martyr, bnt none on the wisdom, love, and holiness of God. "Further, in the fulfilment of this work we find the writers of the New Testament able to exercise miraculous powers, with whioh they believed themselves endowed in order to certify the correctness and inspired authority of their teaching. 'How .hall we escape if we neglect so great salvation, which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord, snd wss confirmed unto u. by them that heard Him, God also bearing them witness, both with sign, and wonders, and with divers miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost according to His own will.' We read that at Iconium they abode a long time, speaking boldly in the fjord, who gave testimony unto the word of His grace, and granted signs snd wonders to be done by their hands. Now, brethren, if these records possess common his toric veracity, we are driven to one ot two con clusions—either that God gave miraculous power to men who were not preaching the truth, and thus enabled them to win credence for a lie; or that they were preaching the truth, snd that these were their credentials. Again, they affirm that their teaching is inspired—that their precepts are suggested by God, snd carry God's authority with tbem. The frequency with which these assumptions occur renders quota tions needless. You knew how distinctly Paul declares that he reoeived what be wrote and preached, not from man', teaching, but from God alone, and how he anathematises any who preach another Gospel than thst which had been received through Him from the Holy Ghost. While these are their professions, God bears them witness with signs and wonders, snd thus stamps their teaching with His own divine superscription. "The acceptance of the inspired authority of most of tbe writings of the New Testament by the Churches in apostolic times, and in times immediately suoeeeding, confirm, our oou&denee; in the present canon of the New Testament. It u, of coarse, not sufficient to believe that the Holy SpiHt dii inspire some writings. We want fair ground to recognise thst these are the inspired writings. The early Church waa in s fur better position than we to form s correct judgment on this matter. They were most careful in distinguishing between the inspired writings and the numerous letters and treatises that churned a measure of authority in the early Church. They refused recognition to any writings which had not such divine authority, and which had not been received as divine from the earliest tunes by those best qualified to judge. It was not that they formed an Inde pendent judgment and instituted their own criterion of inspiration, bnt they give us the testimony of the Christian Church at the be ginning of its history. And tins through them we have a reliable s.atement of the Scriptures which were either written by the Apostles or with their sanction. "In the first century the whoU of the New Testament was written, but remained in the form of separate narratives and letter, having divine authority, and were nit collected into one canon of the New Testament till the de velopment of heresies in the middle of the second century led to the collection of all inspired writing.. Each of these writings waa regarded on its own individual merits before admission into the canon. Two of such canon, ware formed—the Syriac Peshito and the Murstorian, representing respectively the judgment of the Eastern and Western Church respecting the inspired writings. Between them they include nearly all that are included in the present canon. But although either of these eeUeation. excludes some few of the smaller Bpistlea, yet there is not a single writing in the New Itesta | ment for which, when taken separately, we'have not very early and decisive testimony. The | reason of the tardy admusiou sf some into the canon, arose from the partial obscurity of aome aud the great care exercised by one Church iu receiving from another. Thus, for «™nJf, the Bpistle of James, addressed to converted Jews belonging to tbe twelve tribes, might be reoeived as it was by the Syrian Church, where great numbers of them dwelt, and yet not be known for a long time, snd when known reoeived very slowly by the Gentile Churches iu the Far West, until they too received from the Bastern Churches clear testimony to its authority. Wiih still greater force does tbis remark apply to the letters addressed to individuals, as the Second and Third Letter, of Joho. Each writing has its own .pedal evidenoe and sanc tion, though not at first included in every canon that was formed. By the Oonncil held st Oarthage, in A.B. 397, the canon was settled as it now stands, so that by the testimony of the early Church, as well as by their own internal evidence, we sre able confidently to say con senting every separate witing iu the New Testa ment—'Thus saith the Lord.' i_ " The inspired authority of the Old Testa ment has been more frequently called in ques tion than tbat of the New. Its histories Have been deemed myths, its moral beauty has been impugned, and its revelation, have been assailed. It is sufficient for us to know in what light the Lord Jesus, whose deity we acknowledge, regarded the writing, of the Old Testament. After what has just beeu said respecting the inspired authority of the New Testament, we may now accept its record as reliable in all its narration of the word, of Christ snd tiie Apostles. He onoe to a nation that possessed the writings of the Old Testament in their present form. [Ton will allow me to omit from this dogmatic state ment, Solomon's Song, as being a disputed book, ou whieh I am 'not prepared to offer a judgment.] They had been col lected by Kzfa, snd divided into three division. — The Law, including the Penta teuch; the Psalms, including the poetical books; and the Prophets, including the re mainder of the Old Testament. Christ came to n nation that regarded these writing, with the utmost veneration. Dii He attempt to undeceive them? Did He abrogate their authority? rid He even authorise them to use their own judgment in discriminating between truth snd error in their Scriptures? U they were not inspired, snd Jesus allowed them to retain the conviction that they were. He, the God of Truth, lent himself to their delusions. How strongly He everywhere maintained the authority of those writing, is familiar to us all. He appealed to each of the three great dirhuona of their Soriptures in attestation of His divine mission. He was anxious to prove to them that He was simply fulfilling all that had been written in the Law. the Prophets, and tbe Psalm, respecting His coming snd Hia work. He shaped His work with special view to their fulfilment, aad reminds ns at every step how clause by clause has been fulfilled. He appeals to tbe authority of tbeir Law. ?nd tell, tbem tbat He was not come to abrogate it, but to unfold more completely its meaning. He urge, them to search their Scriptures, and collate their testimonies regarding Himself and His work. He stimulate, their reverence for its divinity. They had placed those Scripture, on a lofty pedestal. He recognised the position, and aimply lifted aside the coverings with which tradition had concealed the true sym metry of it. figure, aud invites men to gaze with rapt and reverent -vision upon the beautiful form of divine; truth. It was imoossible for Ohrist to have done it exeept He believed those Soriptures to be divine. "We must admit still further that in thus giving Bos divine sanction to the Old Testament He was giving it to all the writing, which to the mind of the Jew. constituted the sauted Scriptures; snd therefore, that although His verbal references may be only made to some of the writing., yet if no exclusion be made. He was sanctioning all which they read in the Synagogue every Sabbath Day as the sacred Soriptures—which writing, they most jealously guarded from oonfosion with their various para phrase, and commentaries even at the most corrupt period of their national history. And thus we recognise the whole of the old Testa ment writings ss a realisation of Ike words, ' Holy men of God spake ss they were moved by the Holy Ghost.' "I am deeply sensible of my utter inability in the limits of this address to furnish sn elabo rate argument for the inspiration of the Scrip tures. Icm .imply hope that to aome of my brethren^ who may not have had equal leisure with their pastors to investigate the ground, of their faith in tiie inspiration of the Bible, lines of argument may have been inchoated which they can follow st their pleasure, snd thst they may be able ao to strengthen a waver ing faith that they .hall quietly mrt in the glorious truth Oat this Bible is more lasting in its authority than even creation's laws, and more unfailing in its promise, than the cove nant of God with diy snd night. "It now remain, for us to deal with the diffi- oulties whieh sre felt by some earneat minds in accepting snoh s doctrine of inspiration ss that whioh we have Indicated. They are chiefly two —the apparent inconsistency of its historic re- cords with the settled conclusions of science; seoond, the uteohjuteney of some of its divinely sanctioned action, with what we know of the divine character. "As regards the first, we shall, I think, ap- proach s solution if we oan clearly 'appreciate, on theonehsnd, what are the settled conclusions of science, and on the other what is the exact teaching of the Scriptural records. The fact, of acienoe must take their place as equal in au thority with the facto of revealed truth. We who believe in the Bible are not afraid tosoeept facts in sny department of God's work. But we find that many of the more recent eonelu sionsof science are not yet on the throne of truth—they are usurpers, wielding for] a while the singly seeptre until more oarefol search day prives them of their royal glory. In some de partments we find the conclusions of one year corrected in the next snd contradicted by sub sequent experience. Let it be distinctly under stood that when onoe science places fust, before us touching Biblical aubjeot. we will take those facts as so many lamp, to illuminate na in read ing the Divine Word. "On the other hand, let us very carefully strive to ascertain what ia the j^^hing of the Bible on those question, where msienos snd the Bible seem now occasionally to collide. We have beeu accustomed to regard the early part of Generis aa a chronological history of the creation of tiie world. If it be shown to ns, by the style of its language, that it is without doubt sn inspired poem, given rather to teach man the great truth that the earth and all that is therein wst created by God, than to show the order and date of creation, shall we lose our faith in its divine authority because we are obliged to change our interpretation? If the recent discovery of a perfect human skeleton embedded in very ancient strata in tiie Gave of Mentone ahall lead us inevitably to the oonelu sion that races, whose physios! structure was the same as that of man, existed ace. before Adam, but that God has only revealed to ua the history of hi. dealing, with the Adamio race, because with them only sre we eoneerned —shall we on tins account feel thst the Divine authority of the record is imperilled? Where can we find s verse whioh tell, nt thst there was ne human race created prior to the Agamic race? May not even the angels represent the glorified form of some ancient raoe which was physically conformed to our own? I wfll stake every thing on the inspiration of the Bible, but I will not stake the inspiration of the Bible on my interpretation of it, a. if we wore inspired in our interpretation of the inspired Book. "The second objection to the inspiration of the Bible is that some things appear in the Bible to have Divine sanction which ore immoral. I do not now refer to the silence in wtuoh the sins of good men sre pss_\edo~a in its biogra phies, because almost all thoughtful men now ri?ognue that these biographies only profess to record the facts, Mid neither blame nor praise their morsl character. But. I refer to things evidently cornmanded by God, such, e.p., aa Abraham's attempt to sacrifice hia eon, or the cxtcrmin«t*"rT —**• ?f Israel with the intiahitairfj of the Holy Land. "It must be remembered that human life belongs to God. He can create and He destroy. It ua .in for man to take the life of hi. fellow, because that life is not his. It is no rin for God to take tbat life, becanw itis His. If It i. not wrong for God to take it directly, as in the case of Ananias and Sapphire, it is not wrong to take It indirectly through the ??? of man, as when He destroyed the idolatrous rotfr^P of «Tmm??i by tiie hand of Israel. God bad a right to claim the life of Isaac, and to claim it by the hand of Abraham. If, then, it waa not wrong for God to command it, it oould not be wrong for Abraham and the Israelites to obey. How they knew that it wss God's command we cannot say; but, knowing it, tiie; would have sinned by dis obedience to the righteous demand of God, snd hence Abraham is praised for the perfectness of his obedience, and Israel blamed for the partiality of theirs. "The objections urged against the purity and beauty of God's Word are best answered by pointing out the effect of the Bible snd by whom it is prized. Is it the favorite medita tion of the cruel snd ferocious ? Do the unholy ani profane delight in it ? Doe. the drunkard find bis encouragement there, or the licentious man his sanction? The whole testimony of history is to the effect that this Bible sheds a light wherever it gees, from the presence of which the spectres of sin flee into that congenial darkness where revelation has never shone. "Brethren, we may rejoice without trembling in tire inspiration of this Book; We must hold it. inspiration with patience towards those who feel difficulties, but with stedfaat grasp toward all who would wrest it from us. The ins_ iration of both the Old and New Testaments is vital to us." It may by some be thought s small matter ff the Pentateuch be assailed so long as the Gospel remains unchallenged. But remember that, if the Pentateuch was not divine, that Je.ua, who sanctioned the belief in its divine authority, was not divine, and of that the oppo nent, will aoon remind us when we have surren dered tbe divine authority of the Jewish law. May we, as s portion cf the Church of Ohrist in this colony, bear our faithful testimony. This- Book will never shame our faith. You have often seen the rock laved by the waves. Tide after tide returns to the charge. Sometimes in gentlest ripple it lay. aside tiie sand around its •aae, and seeks to undermine; and then in Sereeet billow, ocean dashes its battering-rams against the rock, and it never trembles. The sand is washed sway; the rock stands firm. Hostile criticism may strive to undermine the Word of God. In tide after tide of subtle reasoning or of scientific research, it may break and moan away, snd die along the shore; the •and whioh human interpretation had heaped •round it may be washed away, but " "Finn sa a reck Thy truth dull stand. When rolling years ahall cease to move.'*' COMMITTEE'S ANNUAL REPORT. The Rev. J. Ferguson read the Committee's annual report as follows:— "The General Committee now begs to lay before you a statement of what has been done by it in carrying out the business entrusted to it at the last annual meetings of the Union. And first in order, because first in importance, your consideration is sulidted to what has been done in the matter of granting aid to ASSISTED CHURCHES. —When this question was under consideration, the Committee was led to tot upon a principle slightly new, in de twrtnirring tiie particular amount which ahould be disbursed to each of the Churches respec tively receiving aid. With s view at once to <**ilraiiew, if possible, the comfort of your minis ten who are over aid-receiving Churches, and to athnnlats and quicken the Churches them aebsa, it waa agreed to offer s certain •ns without condition, or s certain higher sum upon the condition of the Churches awspeetmly increasing their contributions to a given amount towards their pas tori, support. The spirit in which this pouey was conceived waa in no degree of a parsimonious or illiberal land, but rather con templated the quickening snd strengthening of the Churches, together with the improving of the comfort of your brethren the pastors. There hsve only been fiv. Churches recognised aa receiving aid curing the past year; a dona tion of £20 wss made to tiie Church in High tbeet, KHnuhgton, on account of the apodal ctreumstanees connected with the change in the pastorate. HAPPY VALLEY.—£30 was granted to the Church situate there, with an additional £10 if the Church should raise £70. The Church has raised £74, and accordingly become en- titled to the atipulated addition. The Church's financial account is reported to have been "better this year than it was the two previous years,*' nearly £12 better than last year, and over £35 more than the year before. There is service in thi. ohuroh twice on ihe Lord*. Day, with an average attendance of 120 ; a weekly service on Wednes day evening wita. sn average attendance of 15; a Sabbath-aeheol numbering 95 children ande'u^it teachers. The whole income for the past year haa been £108 Se. l_d. GOOLWA.—£25 was voted to this Church, provided they contributed towards tbeir pastor's support not less than they had done tiie previous year, viz., £40. The report say.—"Hie amount paid to onr pastor has not been lea. than that atipulated aa a condition to receive tiie grant voted by the Committee.*' The congregation average, from 50 to 60 ; the member, in fellow ship numbered last year 20, but during tiie year there have been aome removals. MILANG AND POINT STURT. — At this time last year these Churches had no pastor. At first £10 was voted to assist them in .imply obtaining pulpit supply, snd then by the be ginning of the second half of the year, they having secured s pastor in the Rev. H. Cheet- ham, a grant waa made of £25. The report from these Churches state, that the a/erage attendance at Milang ia 100, st Point Sturt 70. The members in feuowship at *ni???g number 30\. A Sabbath-school haa been formed during the year at Point Sturt, having 35 scholars snd five teachers. The school at MOang num bers 67 scholars and nine teachers. Two addi tions have been made to tiie membership during the year, snd "though only these additions hsve been made to our Church fellowship,*' the report says, "we yet belie ve that the Lord's work is being socomphahed in our midst." Besides tiMeehopefnl rignsofpro gress reported with regard to the spiritual atate of the Churches, we tie told that tbey have "made improvement, in tbe chapel at MOang, have provided gates and a fence round the chapel yard, and have paid for the ???«iri??E and due registration of the chapel deeds." ALMA. —At the last annual meetings it was reported thattiii.Chnxoh wsstfaenabontto enjoy a settled pastorate after the Rev. J. A. Dowie had beenordained. Mr. Dowie waa ordained on tiie 21st May, but resigned in the beginningoi December. The report from thi. Ohuroh re lates aeeordingly to s year marked by these unusual experiences. It says, "the number of ineaubws is less titan it wss 12 months ago, Mag now 10." They "have oontisued the services of the Ohuroh among themselves with onrsurion.l help nom Kapunda." The congre gation varies from 15 to 50, The Sabbath aohool numbers 30. "Tbe money* raised far the support of the Church during tiie nine months Mr. Dowie waa with them amounted to £60." PORT VICTOR, ENCOUNTER BAY, AND BALD HILLS.—£50 was granted in aid of these Churches, with the offer of an additional £25, if they themselves contributed £100. About two months ago the chapel at Kwounter?ay was dosed, owing to the l__nguuddng etste of the oanae there, and the people preferring to wor •hip at Port Victor. The report, however, gives the attendance atthe three place.—Port Victor, 100; Encounter Bay, 35; members, nine; Bald Hiua, 73; members, 15. The Sabbath-ashool st Port Victor number. 87 •eholare and 10 teacher.; at Bald HiDs, 34 scholar, and five teacher*. There are two lay tseaoheia in oonneetion with tiie latter Church. But this Ohnrsn, the report says—"Has auf. tend acvarely in oonsequenoe of so many fcmriHeabsving left the district to settle in the north and other parts." HIGH-STREET, KENSINGTON.—A donation of £20 was mads to this Church st tiie beginning of the year sis aooount of its then beginning with tiie pastorate of the Rev. W. Nicholls. The aatnrfaiinu waa given in the shape of a dona tion rather than thst of an ordinary grant, on the understanding thst it would not be required after the year now expiring. The report from the Ohuroh say. r— ** The attendance haa .lightly Improved ; the interest of the people ha. been •ntraiitsd, and the yets labors have resulted in two addition.—not transfers" During the year tiie selling ot the church earns down, and romsin. unrepaired. "The grant made by the Society haa been gratifying, but its withdrawal, miles. Providence favors tiie Ohuroh in aome other way, would unavoidably imperil tha present pastorate." SHIPLEY.—The little church at this place is supplied altogether by tbe agent, of tbe Union and Home Mission. The report say.—" The Church here ia walking in the fellowship and peso, of tiie Gospel, The minutrstions con tinue to Im maintained by tbe agents of the Home Missionary Society. The attendance ia limiis.iiiC. and there are cheering manifesta tions of blearing^ BEAUMONT.—This station hss been trans- ferred during the year to the care of tiie Stow Memorial Church. HOUGHTON.—From this station it is reported that the interest in it seems to hsve increased, sad that the attendance during the past year, on the whole, haa been better, and the friends who worship there feel thst they want organization, and they propose te form a Ohuroh. The Sab bath-sebool in eonneetion with tiie station ia, and haa alwsya been, a very flonriahing one un der the able and sealous management of Mr. Geo. MoTCwia. A good many instanoas might be named, the report says, which would amply repay theaoriety for its labor, of love. BLANCHTOWN.—Several people residing at tins plaoe have made application to our nearest mlr''*?~i Mtiasis. Gibson and Barr, to supply tbem with an occasional servioe. These .milliuin hsve undertaken to m«*nt.t n __. monthly •ervioa for six months. FREELING.—Several members of different Con- gregational Churches residing at this township have made an appeal to the Bev. J.O. MnMinhael to provida tiiem with s monthly sarvioe. He is sow doing so with the oouourrenoe snd advice of the Wealeyan minister having charge of that drams. To this sphere of your efforts which ha. now been reported npon, your Committee moat earnestly invite yorir consideration. Ha Congregational Union and Home mission, oon- j etitnted as yours is, haa any line of work more , distinctly maitod out for it than another, it ia tins of aaslating smaller and newiy-f oraaed I dhsrshat In remote aad apuaely^popuUted district, cf the colony. It is simply impossible for s single congregation in s rural part to support a pastor as people wish to see their minuter supported, and as it is necessary he ahould be if he is to Hve in a state of becoming decency a-d co ■.fort. But this can only be accomplished either by uniting two or more congregations together under tiie care of one pastor, or by the auxiliary aid which you tender. In new areas snd remote parts (from several of which the cry is coming for your help), your assistance is unavoidably required; and even in some older districts it seems indeed to be the will of God that Churches should con tinue feeble and expectant of your aid. But if there is to be fidelity on our part; and if there is to be the enterprise in the Church for which, iu the world. South Australia has ac quired ao pleasing a reputation, then there must be earnest consideration given to tbis depart ment ef work. And there is encouragement. Seven years ago there were five Churches re ceiving aid, which now and for some time have been able to dispense with it, and which are now comparatively strong, and are more than comparatively useful. There is Kapnnda, Salis bury, Maelaren Yale, and Kadina. These Churches tpaak aloud to the Union. Tour work in this department must not be slackened. But, as there are new areas opening up. and country Churches are sending to them some times half a dozen of families together, we must follow them with the means of worship and re ligious ordinances. The next department of work your Com mittee has to report upon relate, to questions referred to it from the last annual meetings for the purpose of maturing, and of submitting at these meetings for your further considera- tion. BUSINESS REMITTED TO THE COMMITTEE. MINISTERS' PROVIDENT FUND.—There was no time st the last annual meetings to enter at sny length upon the consideration of this scheme, and accordingly it was again referred to the Committee. The Committee agreed in the con struction of a scheme which it submitted at the half-yearly meeting, and which was received then with favor. C. Smedley, Esq, was ap pointed the interim Secretary, and K. A. Tari ton, Esq., the interim Treasurer. A distinct report will be presented to this meeting show ing in what condition the fend now stands. REVISED RULES OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNION.—This was another matter of consider- able importance which was remitted to the Committee. A draft revision, formed on an entirely new basis, had been made previous to the holding of the last annual meeting. But when the matter came before the Committee appointed for this last year it seemed to be generally felt that that draft proposed too great and too radical a change of the constitu tion as now existing, and another was accord ingly framed, based upon the old, and admit ting only of such changes and additions as were believed to be required. This amended draft is now in your hands, and will be consi dered iu its proper place. ADDITIONAL MINISTERS.—This is another question your Committee has had continual occasion t> experience that there was need to take into immediate and serious snd practical consideration. Not only are new areas bring declared every day, as it were, for agri cultural industry, but there are new fields placed before your Committee, and it. sym pathy and aid solicited in their behalf. But there is nothing can be done. The oontinnal aud instant reply is, we have not a man. There is no use now in looking to or hoping from the Colonial Missionary Society in London. It aimply amount, to time being lost, snd solemn duty being neglected to continue doing thia. What then is to be done? Ministers, to aome extent, must be reared here. Now and then a Church which can afford it may bring out a minuter f romhome, but this, of course, oan never meet tbe wants of the entire country. Men most be trained, and \he means for training them cannot be a day too quickly organised. And this bring, your Committee to refer next to THE UNON COLLEGE.—Not that it has occupied any ot your Committee's attention during the past year, but at tbe last amnial meeting it was referred to in the general report, snd a special report was read upon it by tiie Bev. J. JeSeris. The proposal to found snch s College, first of all emanated from your Committee. The words of the first resolution were—"That it is desirable to encourage and assist a few suitable young men, members of our Chureher, to prepare them selves for the Christian ministry.*' There were sanguine hopes entertained when the College was started that the end contemplated was really going to be achieved. But the success of the adventure only served to bring to light s wider want, tiie want of a complete University. We cannot murmur at thia, we do not complain of it; too liberal s provision cannot possibly exist for tiie very highest education, and if what was only humbly conceived in the meet ing of your Committee has so far exceeded their expectation., we will only render thanks giving to God that He has ao unexpectedly blessed the undertaking. But still it remains; we want the means for training young men for tiie ministry, and a new provision will require to be made. The half- yearly meeting wsa held at Glenelg on Tuesday, Sth October last. NOTES. It only remains that notice be taken of the more important changes that have transpired in connection with the Churches during the year. Under the benign and preserving care of God we bave to express our thanksgiving that death has not been permitted to weaken tiie ranks of our ministers during the year. It would be strange, however, if while the ministers themselves have been preserved, death had not touched them, or personally affected them throughout so long s period. It ia but meet that we should as a general assembly of our Churches recognise the stroke which has fallen upon our beloved brother, the Rev. M. H. Hodge, of Port Adelaide. After being long a helpmeet of her husband aa s minister of Chtist, and after a lengthened reridenee in this colony, Mrs. Hodge fell asleep on the 18th March. We beg to express to our brother our most heartfelt sympsthy and affection. We have already had occasion to allude to the Rev. H. Cheetham being now paster of the Churches at Milang and Point Sturt. He waa introduced to his new charge in tiie month of October hurt. It i. with sincere regret that we recall (as having hap pened within tiie past year) the departure of the Rev. E. Griffiths for England. He left in November last. He waa a useful member of your Committee, and one of the officebearers of the Union. We have all therefore sustained s loss in hia departure—the Church at Kensing ton more especially, over whieh he was pastor. May the Lord of the harvest send soother laborer soon who shall edify snd comfort that Church, and supply Mr. Griffiths's, plaoe in our oouncfla. In the course of the year the Rev. S. L. Harris resigned hia pastoral charge of the Church at Hindmarsh; and [on the 2nd De oember Mr. John McEwin was ordained aa his sueoatsor. A. has been already re ferred to, the Rev. J. A. Dowie re signed his pastoral charge of tiie Church st Alma in tiie beginning of Deoember. It will be gratifying to all that the Rev. A. Scales has returned to this colony—a ministerial brother whom all esteem, and whose ministra- tions are so highly valued. It is with pleasure that we embrace this our first public oppor tunity of referring to the arrival in tiie colony of Mr. Matthew Dick, sn accredited preacher of tiie Gospel in connection with our Churches. Hie has ceme to try tiie colony for his health, and has been able to do aome ministerial work tinea hia arrival. He haa occupied the pulpit st Clayton Chapel for some Sabbaths, and is now at Alms, having been advised to try the country as well aa tils vicinity of Adelaide. Our sincere hope aad prayer is that Mr. Dick may find the climate beneficial to him, and that be may be led by our Lord and Master to exercise hi. ministry amongst us. FINANCIAL REPORT. Mr. W. C. Buik read the financial report, which showed a credit balance of about £64. MINISTERS' PROVIDENT FUND REPORT. In the absence of Mr. C. Smedley (Hon. Sec. pro tem), Mr. S. Whitmore read this report as follows:— "This Society at its outset sustained a loss in the removal of it. offioer.—our rev. and worthy brother, Mr. Griffiths, having left tiie oolony for Wnglanri; sndour none tiie less esteemed friend, Mr. Augustine Stow, who removed to Sydney. The present officers being R. A. Tarlton, Esq., Treasurer, and C. Smedley, Secretary pro tern. The amount in tiie Savings Bank is £206 2a. 7d., and the prospect of affair, may be gathered from the following atatement: —Ap- plications for membership, 4. It will be re membered that in August last, sn urgent ap peal, signed by F. W. Cox and E. Griffiths, was sent to oUthe Churches, and as the shove is the total actual response, it ia to be hoped that the Minister, and Delegates of this meeting are prepared to give their applications and pro mises of support in accordance with the under stssding arrived at at tbe half-yearly meeting st Glenelg, ou which occasion certain sums were named as likely to be received from the undermentioned Churches :—North A^laft*^ £400; Angaston, £150; Hindmarah-sqnare, £100; Clayton, £50. Surely we have delibe rated long enough arwut this nibject; and per haps an enquiring mind might ask, ia April, 1673, to see it an aooompluhed fact ?" MAGAZINE REPORT. A report respecting the denominational maga zine, tiie Independent, waa read. Beference waa made to the present circulation, which it waa oomplainsd was not so large as it should be, and an urgent appeal was nude for the better support of the periodical. Tbe simplest snd most satisfactory way to secure this bring, it was aud, to "return to tiie guarantee given when the magazine was first started, which could hardly be felt s burden in any case, the whole amount to make np being so small.*' CHAPEL BUILDING SOCIETY'S REPORT. Mr. S. Whitmore, in the sbsenoe of the Hon. Secretary (Mr. C. Smedley), read tins report as under: —*' There have been no grants made during tiie year. The interest on the capital has been regularly paid, its funds are thereby slowly but steadily increasing, the increase this year being £56 12a. 64. The j aooount. bave been audited and found correct, j The present asset, are aa under j —Loam, £1,489 6a. 3d.; interest and rent, £707*. 64.; balaaos lu Bank, Mi te. Id,i entire tassta, fl_6M 15s. lOd.* The meeting then terminated with devotional exercises. 