ftete mi BHOSTS m AUSTRALIA. [n the spring of 185—, I was employed ^driving a numerous herd of store-cattle >m New England down into the Meliurne country. The grass was plentiful, ;d the cattle travelled along at their leire across the wide plaWjs which lie tween the - Lachlan, Murrumbidgee, Id Edward Rivers.- It was' nearly suni on a fine evening in August when we [me to Deniliquin, where the crossing - tee of the last-named river is situated ; d driving the cattle down into an angle (the Edward, we camped close to the »t of the sandhill on which the town- lip is built.- Thorp were two or three W herds of CBttle and some flooka of jeep waiting' to cross in the morning, [d as several of the men in charge of sm went up to Billy M'Intyre's publicise, and then came down to our camp- B, there was soon a pretty large crowd of fehmen assembled around it. Some of brn had brought bottles of rum from »inn, and as the grog circulated, we fran to discuss the various routes by uch we had travelled. There was a jjfg argument as to the beBt track across Old Man Plain ; but, as almost all of £were iu favour of that by Lang's Cross- •place, that point was almost settled, Een an Australian stockman named Dris- 51 started what he seemed to consider i unanswerable objection, by asking us, iw 1 we would avoid the Black Swamp Ld the ghost of the 'trotting cob?' ds speech was received with a roar of ighter; but Driscoll jumped up in a ye, and said : ' Tou may laugh as much you like boys; but as sure las I am Hiding here, I saw it myself, worse :k, and seeing's believing.' Of course, ien we heard this, we were all anxious 'hear the story; and by the aid of a tie judicious flattery and a pannikin of og, we succeeded in appeasing Driscoll's fcsion, and prevailing on him to tell us \ adventure, which he did in the followe words: FYou nearly all know Wantabadgery pion above Wagga- Wagga. Well, two 5rs ago, Bill Kelly and I took three ndred fat beasts from there to fetch So Bendigo. The feed was good, and i came down the river-bank till we ached Lang's, where we crossed the ttle. It as late in the afternoon when ) got out on the plain; and the sun was st dipping as we were abreast of the ack Swamp; so we rounded up the bt]e,and determined to stop there for the ght. We hobbled our horses close at »d, lit our fire, and had our Buppers; ^n we agreed that I should take the st watch; so Kelly rolled himself up [his 'possum-rug, and I went down to Ve a look at the cattle and horses. I jnd them all right; so I went back to ' , heaped on fresh fuel, and then etched fire myself down to have a comfort e smoke. I was pretty tired with jhng all day, and the fire was hot, so in Short time I dozed off. I must have fcpt three or four hours, for the cold poke me, as the fire was very low; so 1 r P put on more wood, and then I taught U a n Pd d j u s t g o r o u n d fche cattle bere 1 waked Kelly to take his watch. )11 caught and saddled my mare, and de away to the cattle-camp The moon is at the full, and shining brightly, and ^beasts had drawn out on the plain to ea; so, of course, I started to head them vL a J ? «ng along when all a^udden W a the C leading £ m t e cattle came gallopg back, and as they wheeled, a man close to me, riding a bald-faced cob, and coming from the opposite direction. Now Kelly's horse was baldfaced, so I thought that he had waked up and come out to look after me, so I rode on towards the camp. When I got there to my great surprise I saw Kelly lying quite snugly rolled up in his rug, and apparently fast asleep. This very naturally vexed me, so I shook him roughly, and when he sat up, says I to him: " Kelly, what do you mean by going and lying down again, when you know it's your watch?" " Lying down again ?" replied he. Why, I never woke at all till now." " What!" cried I; " do you want to deny that you passed me just now on the plain heading back the cattle ? I did not see your face, but I saw the bald face of Dandy plain enough." ' At that, Kelly jumped up as if he was shot. " Saddle up, for your life, Driscoll," said he, "and let us be off. You've seen the ghost of' the trotting cob, and we're both dead men." ' Well we jumped on our horses; and by daybreak we had got as far as Broderip's Station; and next night we camped just vhe;? wc * are; but that very trip, Kt w rowned in the Oampaspe, and I broke J two ribs and my collar-bone. So I for one wpuld sooner go a hundred miles round than camp again near the Black Swamp, an 3 chance seeing the ghost of the trotting cob.' When Driscoll had finished, the con versation naturally turned on apparitions, and ' Fisher Ghost was triumphantly quoted as" an 1 unanswerable 5 argument in their favour but there wereetill several who laughed at the idea of such things. At last a bullock-driver from the Sydney side said. 'There are ghosts, there's no denying^ and I'11 tell you of one that hundreds heard about, and many of you know the man who saw it, and you can ask himself about it. Many of you have been up the Murray towards Albury, and have passed Brown's Station just above Quart-Quart. Well, when I was a government-man, I was doing my time near Camden, and in those days Brown had a farm at the Cow-pastures, close to where I was living. He had just settled down on the Murray with a few hundred head of cattle, and stopped there five or six months, putting up huts and yards, and breaking in tha cattle to the run ; so when ho thought everything was going on well, he started for down- country, intending to bring up more stock in a short time. He travelled on horseback, for there were no mail-coaches to the Murray then, and as he pushed on pretty sharp, he was very tired when he got to the Myrtle Creek. He told Thomson, the landlord, to call him early ia the morning, took his supper, and two or three glasses of rum, and then went to bed. Towards morning, something awoke him, and when he opened his eyes he saw his wife standing by the bedside. Before lie could speak to her, she told him "to get up," and went out of the room at once. Well, Brown was greatly surprised, of course, at seeing her at that place, but he thought that she had come to meet him, so he got up and dressed himself. Wlien he went down, he looked in the parlours ; but as be could not see her, he began to call out her name. At last, the noise he made Toused up the landlord, and he came and-aaked what the matter was. "Why," says Brown, "I waz.t my wife. She's come and waked me, and now she's hid herself." "Ton' re dreaming, man," cried the landlord. " How can your wife be here ? Ton know she's at the Cow-pasture Farm." " What!" rejoined Brown; do you u mean to say that she did not come here since I went to bed ?" Of course she didn't," replied the landlord, " for I locked the door when I went to bed, aud the key is under my pillow." ' With that, Brown grew quite frightened. " Saddle my horse at once," said he, " for so sure as I am a living man, my wife came and spoke to me to-night, and I'm greatly afraid that something has happened to her at home." With that, he mounted and galloped off. He rode till he knocked up his horse, and then he borrowed a fresh one, and kept on as fast as he could ride, so that, before sunset, he came close to the Cow-pasture Farm. As he galloped up, he could see there was something unusual going on, for several horses were fastened to the posts of the verandah, the working men were standing in groups at the doors of their huts, and two or three troopers were lounging about near the stockyard. Brown jumped off his horae, and was going at once into his house, but one of his neighbors came out, and met him at the door. This, gentleman led him away to a little distance, and told him as gradually as he could what had taken place. Now, boys, Brown was a good master to his assigned servants, but his wife was a tyrant, and while he was at the Murray, she had been stopping the rations of the Government men, and sending them up to court. There was one man in particular she took a great dislike to ; ha could do nothing right, and almost every Monday morning he got his 'fifty lashes at the nearest <jourt-honse. At last/he got desperate. He was chopping some wood, when she came up to him, and after abusing him, said ; " I'll get you fifty more on Monday next." I may get the fifty," cried he, " but you'll <f not live to know of it;" and with that he lifted the axe he had in his hand, and split her skull. This happened at the Cow-pastures at the very hour when she was seen by Brown in the inn at Myrtle Creek; so you see, boys, there can be doubt but ghosts do sometimes appear on earth.' 'Of course, there's no doubt at all about that,' said an old shepherd, who had just come np to the camp, 'for I was close to one myself, and my mate saw it quite plainly, and as it was a quare thing, I'll tell yez all about it." You that are from the Sydney side must recollect the time when-the fires were seen every night on King's Plains, near Bathurst, and how all the people went out to see them, and how the priest tried to lay the spirit. All that was told in the Bathurst papers, but I never told any one till now what happened to Red Jack and me there. You see, Pd been shepherding at Wargoola, near Carcoar, and when the shearing was over, I got another man to take my flock for a bit, and went into Bathurst to buy some things and have a spree. Well, of course, in a few days I'd very near spent my cheque, and as I was just thinking of making a start, I fell in with Red Jack. He was an old mate of mine, and he'd been down in town for some weeks, so you may be sure he had " pockets to let." He was looking for a job; so I told him to come on with me to Wargoola, and he'd be sure of employment, for they wanted some hands on the station. Jack said " he was glad of the chance;" so he rolled up his blankets ; I got my trapB and a couple of bottles for the . road, and away we went out of Bathurst; We had been nobblerising about the public-houses, and we were both pretty fresh when we started; so we walked along very gaily, and never tookany notice of the time till it began to grow dusk, and then we found we were coming on to King's Plains. We looked about for a good camping-place as we walked on ; and just as it grew dark, we saw the light of a large fire away to the right, and then another, and another. " Come on," said Jack ; " we're all right now; there's some overlauders there with cattle, and we'll go down to their camp." ' With that we turned in off the road, and went towards the nearest fire; but when we got to it, there was no one there. We cuoeed, but there was no answer; so we pushed for the next, thinking the men might have shifted their camp. Well, when we got to it, there was no one there either ; and then all of a sudden I recollected what I had heard them speaking of in Bathurst ; so I told Jack of it, and told him we'd better get away at once; but he only laughed at the thoughts of a spirit. Well, we lit our pipes, and had a good stiff glass apiece out of one of the bottles, and then Jack said he'd go and have a look for the ghost, and he asked me if was game to go with him. Well, I didn't like to back out, so off we went towards the next fire ; and when we came near it, we could see some one moving about and piling on wood. "There's your ghost for you," says Jack. "Hollo, mate, will you have a glass ?" But the figure kept on at the fire, and made no answer. By this time we had got quite close to the fire, and as it blazed up, we saw quite plainly the figure of a man, but he had no head on his shoulders—nothing bat a bloodstained stump of a neck, and yet he was going about quitfe contentedly feeding the fire. I thought I'd have dropped, but Jack said: " Come on; we'll grab him, ghoBt or no ghost." Then he put the bottle to his mouth, and took a long drink; I took another, and then Jack ran round the fire one way, and I ran another. As we got to the other side, we could see the Headless Shepherd standing between us. " I have yon now," cried Jack, and tried to lay hold of him. I did the same, but he slipped through our fingers, and we caught only one another, and down we fell; and when we came to ourselves, the sun was shining overhead, and nothing remained of the ghost except the wood-ashes at the different fires. Jack and I went on to Wargoola; but what became of the ghost I don't know, as I went down to the Darling soon after.' This story started the dispute about spirits afresh, for there were some ' new chums' present who had never read the Bathurst papers of the period, and they said that Ruin was the only spirit that Red Jack and his mate had seen on King's Plains. However, the 'old hands' would not listen to this, and the dispute began to grow furious. At last, Jim Ryan, an Irish native, roared out in a rage : " It's my belief ye're no better than haythens; and the next thing you'll do will be to deny the "Cooee Hut!'" This was evidently considered a conclusive argument by all the old bushmen, and their opponents were compelled to confess their ignorance of the Cooee Hut, and asked for an account of it. For a short time, Jim Ryan refused to satisfy them, 6ut at last he allowed himself to be persuaded. ' The hut we call the Cooee or Mendering Hnt is out on the Yareko Creak, at the back of Goree Run ; and the way it got that name was this:—At the time when the Billilongand Yareko were first settled on, there was a man named Bill White employed at Goree Station. He was an emigrant, and had not been long J in the colony, so they used to keep him about the home-station chopping wood and carting water, and helping up at the draughting-yards occasionally. Well, it happened that one of the shepherds had a row with the overseer, and got discharged at once; so, as they had no one else handy, they determined to send Bill White shepherding till they could get another man. The hut is twenty-five miles back from Goree ; so that the overseer went out himself with Bill and the sheep, and then stopped a day with him, to shew him the run. Bill had no hutkeeper, but he managed pretty well for two or three days; but one very hot day he must have fallen asleep in the middle of the day, when the sheep were in camp, and did not awake till they were drawn out. He was, as I told yon, a new chum, and did not know anything about tracking, so he wandered vaguely up and down, looking for the flock, until he lost himself completely. The dusk was coming on, so he began cooeeing till he was fairly worn out, and then lay down to sleep. Next morning, he started again, but he had got confused; and you know the Yareko country is very puzzling, for the sandhills and plains are so much alike, it's very hard to tell one from another. Well, poor Bill tried to travel by the suu ; but as he kept following it, he went round and round, and at dusk was near the place he started from. He had no food, and could not find the creek, so he was dying of thirst, for it was burning hot weather. He cooeed again and again, till he fell exhausted, and there he lay till morning. In the morning he arose and crawled a few yards, then down he sank, and there he perished. Meanwhile, the sheep had gone to another out-station, ten miles further back, where they had been running formerly ; and as the feed was good, they stopped there very contentedly for seven or eight days, when the overseer happened to see them, and of course he brought them in to the home-station, and then went out to tell Bill White to come in himself. When he got to the hut, he found the ashes cold on the hearth; and he could see that White had not been in for some days; so* in a great fright he gallopped back"to the home-station, and mustered all hands to go and look for Bill. He took two black trackers also • and as I happened to be passing, I went out. Well, it was near dusk when we got out to the Lut, and of course we could do nothing that night, so we hobbled the horses, and went into the hut. We were just getting our suppers when we heard a faint cooee, and then another and another. Of course, we answered at once, for we were in hopes that it was Bill White coming up: but the sound came no nearer, though the cooet was repeated every four or fire minujee. We then thought that perhaps he hvd been hurt, and could not walk : so several of us went out to look for hL-:, but we could see nothing of him, though the cooeeing still continued, and apparently quite close to us. In about an hour, it ceased suddenly, and we went back to the hut greatly puzzled, and very uneasy. In the morning at daylight we started, and the blacks very soon found poor Bill's track; it was by them that I was enabled to tell you of his rambling about, for they traced all his wanderings, pointed out where he sat, and where he slept, and at last brought us to where his body lay ; and strange to relate, he had died within less than a mile of his home; but it was on a different side to that on which he had been accustomed to take out the sheep. We buried him in an adjacent sandhill, where you may see his grave fenced in; but since that time no one will live in that hut, for every evening from dusk till dark poor Bill White is heard cooeeing and plenty who never heard of the story, and have chanced to camp in the neighbourhood, have heard the sound, and have imagined that some traveller was coming, little thinking that it was the spirit of Bill White wandering about the Cooee Hut.' When this talo was ended, midnight had passed some timejand as we had allto be up at daylight, to put our stock across the Edward River, there was a general move. The visitors filled and lit their pipes, took a parting glass, and went off to their respective camps;' while I, rolling myself up in my opossum -rug, went off into'dreamland, into a slumber such as those who live at home at ease can never hope to enjoy 