1 THE OA USES OF PROSPERITY. In ono of tho most sensible articles we i have read for some time past, the " Ballar.it | Courier" alludes to the cansos of the de- pression of Ballarat — an elleot for which we are sincerely sorry— and aftor deolartDg that Providence helps thofie who help themselves, proceeds to 'state ' that Ballarat prospero.d years ago beoause 1 the people made it prosper, and that Ballarat ib Jill now because the peoplo aro apathetic. Our contemporary then reminds its readers that they should not bo above taking a lesson from those who display qualities wntoh at present lay in the background amongst themselves. Thus, for example. aayB the " Courier — . Tho lesson taught us by Sandhnrst in quarts; mining is equally taught ne by Gee- long ia tho way of manufacf.uros. The busi ness people of tke former town for mauy years poured capital into their quartz mince with no miser's stint, and the business people of Geelong have done just tho same thing to line the Barwon with manufactories. Eoth are reaping as th-oy have sown, just the ramo as we are d entitling because we do net display tho same restless energy and spirited deter mination, alike to develop our qcartz veins and to acclimatise manufactures in our midst. No doubt these will be on welcome words to many but there ie no kindness dis played in always extolling virtues, and glazing over defects, vices, and errors. What is wanted in Ballarat jnst now isficr the proper- tied olassee and tho business people to con tribute steadily a portion of their annoml incomes to mining and maEtffaotures, and Ballarat would with this "did very noon revive its old glorios, even if 'it did not excel the past, if botfi classes oiiiy imitated tthe Belf-sacrifice of Sandhurst nnd Geelcnp, times would seen mood in Ballarat, and sooner or later the money would come hack, not alono in dividends, hiit-also in increased hnBcneas," and iun varioty Of other ways. to is gratifying to near tms outapolten expression of opinion coming from n city wltish has, until it could, do so no lunger, treated Sandhurst to taunts concerning tho method by which its prosperity was achieved. Sandhurst and her " copper oalis" was at one time a household word in tho month of orery Ballarat journalist, and tho Ribo then perhaps was not dovoid of a very unpleasant point. Ciroumstancos hnvo altered till that, however. Copper has.produced gold, and : instead of sneors at our modo of procedure, 1 ocar quondam assailants now urge ffatlarat to-.' follow our excellent example. Thin testi monial, which ia oertainly one of ia most- valuable character, should not only flatter- our self esteem, but should be pregntnt withi meaning. For some time past it bes beet » tho fashion to asBerb that the lieavynmouo t of calls weekly paid -is ruinous, 'but w e cannot admit anything of the sort to be tb to case, Certainly, tho call lilt might 1 w advantageously reduced, and, indeed, is it the present time being.ulowly weeded of b: id or indifferent companies ; bat it must ' be remembered that the -money spent ib n ot wasted, though it is -expended upon olaii ns which have not a ghost of a chance of striking a reef. The.money is spent in t he distriot, and helps to maintain tbe-tiBirii it ; and though we suppose that our tromai 'k« coma De proved upon, correct principles o» ; economy to be utterly incorrect, we venti ire !, to submit that the proof of the pudding is in j the eating. The commerce of Sandhurst is j. &b; sound as ber auriferous reefs, nud b. itli havo been developed by what ouroontem oo- rnry very appropriately calls the self-sacril ice of the inhabitants. Hero, as in jLallai at, thore are some off tho " propertied .class jb" who steer clear of mining altogether, but t '.he great hulk of the people contribute sop ie-1 thing to the pursuit by which they lr re. j Some indulge in mining as a species of Iotti >ry j in whioh there are a. good many prizes a dilj more blanks, and this- excitement cannot be condemned, previdedtthoso who indil.gn in it do net go beyond their means, and- inju re themeelvos and others by injmdiciu ns and -reckless speculation. But tbo ma in body of call-payers, locally speakii ig of course, are -those who pay towari is the development of tho minoc froi n a sense of duty, with e'-hope that sooner o r later their notion will 'fee rewarded. . Take' the caoe of a man— arid we could point to- plonty-af such mon-in "Sandhnrst — who lias, paid 'into mines for -sixteen or seventeen.- yeara'without receiving baok Hixpeoco in the. shape of direct profit: "Yet their business has improved, tney btvo done well.-osd can. honostly say they 'havo not mimed the money. If fortune oomeo to tliem tbtougb a mining -Ghannol, woll acd good, if not thBy havo -the satisfaction --of knowing that they have benefitted -and given eejploy- raemt to a gooi many people, -white they havo not impoverished thcmeo'ivee. These are tho men who ba7e helped tojnako Sandhnrat, and a most .-vtluahlo olsce- they are. Theiadvioe tendoicd'hy the " Cnurier " to its -reafiore might uoiult — if it is attended to, whioh good advice sa'.dom is— in rtho formation 'off a similaa-.olass ih Rallarst, x<2d we heartily hope thatfluCh -will be the oato Tho wwrk may bo uphill; Sandhurst was a long tiimo waiting before ithe better time came, hat the longer it ie delayed the snavc diilioult williit be of aoeompfehment. Itiis singular thnt-'CaatlemaiiLe hac ijuite recently I expressed a deBire to take a leaf oizt .of Sandhurrtte bsok, and uf both places wil, onlv nut bhoirrchnulders to tile wheel, tfcey, j cannot fail of oucooas.— " Bendigo Indep-an-f ! Jent," Thu: Day./ , jj 