AMONGST TUN ALLIGATORS. I am now. going to relate an adventure (writes an officer in tho American army) which I had while under General Bonks, in tho Bed River campaign, whioh proved so dis astrous to us, and so nearly cost me my life. I would do almost anything for the Union ; but heaven forbid that I should ever again have to go on another expeui- tion into that delectable country, in which it is a wonder that all of us did not meet the fate of the gunboats, and remain stuck in the mud until this time. It was while on an upward march that one night I and three others were captured by a band of guerillas while on detached duty. Our captors came upon ns unawares, for the night was so dark that yon could not seo a hand placed within a foot of yonr face. Tho first notice I had of their approach was a hand laid upon my shoulder, and then, of course, resistance was useless. It was the same with my companions, except one, who discharged liis ritte to give tho alarm, and came near -getting a bullet through his head in return. Our captors did not number more than a dozen ; and finding that they hod- accom plished all that tliey could hope to do, as the camp was aroused, they made off as fa3t as possible, taking us along, unwilling cap tives as you can imagine. But there was no help for it, and for two or three hours we pushed on, and at last found ourselves stand ing before an old cabin erected in the heart of one of the numerous swamps that are to bo found in that region in all directions. In this hnt wo were hold captives for three days, during which we learned that the party who had captured us were only a roving band, whoso object was to plunder all tliey could from tho Federals, and to annoy them as much as possible by capturing pickets in exposed situations. Their head- quarters were always, like the present, in some almost inaccessible swamp where it would bo impossible for a pursuing party to follow unless they were well ac quainted with the way. Most of the time there were but two left to guard us, the rest being off on thoir work of rapine, in which they did not seem to bo very successful— at least in the way of prisoners ; as during the threo days wo were in the htit none were added to our number, though we learned from thoir conversation that the army had not left the neighborhood ; and this fact gave us hope that we might effect our escape and join our forces before they were ready to move' on. The fourth night of our captivity came on dork and stormy. It hod rained stoadily through the day, but with tho approach of night the torrents came down with increased violence. During tho day we had planned to make our escape that night ; but now we were fearful that we should not be able to make the attempt. The storm, we were afraid, would keep them all inside the cabin, although it afforded little shelter, for tho rain came down through the roof in every direction. We listened to their dis cussion of the propriety of going out that night, and at lost, to our satisfaction, they decided to go. The one that acted as sort of loader seemed to possess but little authority, as no loss than four refused to go, and he seemed powerless to force them to do so. When darkness gathered .thick about us they set out ; but, to our dismay, we found that our guard was doubled, and- the prospect of our reaching the Union outposts that night was . anything but llattoring. Still, wo did not despair, but kept up onr courage, determined to make our escape if it was nossible. The men heaped a large quantity of wood upon the smouldering fire ; and tho flames, that had been well-nigh smothered by the great drops that came pouring down like a torrent, sprung np again, showing light and warmth about tho cabin. One of their number now produced a pack of cards, and soon they were engaged in a game of bluff', and the noise they made over it was almost enough to drown the warring of the elements without. Tho rain proved too much for the fire again ; and as the dry wood was now ex hausted they were obliged to throw by their cards ; and beforo a great while they stretched! themselves upon the . earth that composed the floor of. the hut, in such a manner that we conld not approach the door without stepping over their prostrate bodies. Evidently no watch was to oe kept over us that night, as thoy did not imagine that we would attempt to escape from a spot that even they could not cosily leave in the darkness. Still, one of th6in might keep awake; and if ho did our chance of. escape would bo small indeed. An hour went by, and still they lay mo tionless upon tho earth, giving no sign that they were conscious of anything that was passing about them. Tho firo thoy kindled was fast going oat. Only a few sullen red embers would now and then open their sleepy eyes for a moment as a gust of wind came rolling down upon them, causing ; sha dows to flit about tho walls of the cabin like giant ghosts stalking about. "-1' Wo listoncd intently, and in tho pauses of tho rain could hear the deep breathings of the sleepers. Some of them at least were unconscious of what was passing about them, and now wns our timo. With tho utmost! caution we roso to our fcot, and I took the' first step towards tho door and liberty. Our captors stirred not, and again I advanced, now close to ono of the sleeping men. His deep breathing showed me that I had no thing to fear from him. Nothing risked, nothing gained, I thought ; and I lightly stepped over him, followed closo by my companions. The others were passed over, tho same. Not one moved, and I pushed open the door of the hut, and the storm and liberty wero before ns; A gust of wind and rain rushed, in upon tho sleeping men, and tho nearest ono stirred and muttered something, though we could not catch the words. Hastily wo closed the door and sprang away, taking our courso as near as we could detormine in the direction our army lay. . Still we knew not that our course was right. Tho darkness was bo dense that wo had almost to feel our way before us. Thogreund was marshy, and it was as much as wo could do to And a foot hold in the yielding earth. Moro than onco we sank to our middle in mud and water, and only escaped a horriblo death by the assistance we were enabled to render each other; ' ' We mado the best of our way onward, hearing all softs of sounds coming out of the darkness that encompassed us about..- Some times wo imagined that wo could hear the shouts of foemen cloBe upon us, whon it was only tho trumpot-liko wail of tho tempest howling amid the trees. Suddonly the raiii ceased. A moment after, and through a rift in tho clouds tho moon sent down a flood of light that was almost blinding. Tho noxt moment tho darkness was, if possible, more dense than before ; but wo were thankful for what light wo had received, for it showed before us a broad creek into which we should have most assuredly tumblod had hot tho moon shown her face at tho moment sho did. Here wo wore brought to a stand-still. Cross this wo must, if we were to keep, on, but how was'it to be dono ? I was tho only ono of our party that could swim, and I did not relish tho idea of plunging into tho dark and turbid stream beforo me, where perhaps beneath its surfaoo were hidden half a-dozen huge alligators, who wonld have taken me ifi as completely as I had ever been beforo i: my life. Again tho moonlight streamed out through a rift in the clouds, and we saw down the stream a little distance, that a large tree was lying half submerged, ono ond resting on the bank and the other on a littlo island in the creek about two-thirds of the way across. Here was a chance to cross a portion of the stream, and perhaps tho other might be fordable. We hurried down to the . bank, and tho foremost of my companions dashed across. I chanced to be last, and as I sprang from tho tree it moved from its place and began to move down the stream. I made a grab at one of the branches, , but it proved to be a dry ono, and-snappod off", leaving a piece in my hand about five feet in longth. I little thought it at that moment, but that stick saved our lives. > ..> ,i Tho tree floated away, and I hastened across tho island to where my companions were standing gazing on the water in blank dismay. Tho stream on this sido was deeper than that wo had already crossed ; and there was no friendly log to servo as a bridgo. We were caught in a trap from which .there seemed no possible chanco of csoapo, and at any moment our pursuers might como upon us, had thoy discovered our escape, for the moon was shining brightly, and the clouds fast rolling away. "Boys!" exclaimed ono of my comrades in a startled tone, "the creek is. 'rising every moment, and our island is becoming smaller." j And he was right. Tho water that had fallen was fast running into the creek, and in a very short time the island upon which we stood would be entirely submerged. "Good heavens! — boys, look bore!" ex- claimod another of' my comrades, as he pointed into the edge of the water. Wo followed tho direction of his hand, and saw what at first I thought was a log float ing on the water, but a second look told me thatit was the baok of a huge alligator. I've been ' in battles where men wero fall ing all abont me ; but I never experienced the' feeling- of horror that I did when I saw the monster making towards the little spot of mud upon which we stood. The creek was rising— faster, it seemed to us, than ever water did before ; and in twenty minutes it would be entirely swallowed np, and there was that terrible monster ready for destruc tion, and we had nothing to defend our selves with, except our bare hands and the branch of the tree that I had saved as the trunk floated away. "Boys, we must swim to the land, or he food for that monster," I exclaimed, as I moved to the opposite point from where the monster was still visible. "But we cannot swim !" exclaimed my companions in a breath. "But you must do yonr best. I'll help you all I can. It is our only hope ;" and I sprang out towards the deep water. I heard a loud splashing before mo, and I sprang backwards, but not a moment too soon, for there before mo, with its huge jaws extended, was another alligator. We read our despair in each other's faces, as we retreated to tho only ground that now re mained uncovered, there to wait the on slaught of our enemies, whioh tho groaning, noises that arose on either side told us were numerous. Tho branch of tho tree I had not relin quished : and now I tried its strength, and to my great joy I found that it was stout and sound, except at tho extreme end, where it had broken from the tree, and that it was capable of administering a good blow if rightly given. The slimy monster whom we had flrst seen crawled towards us, its huge mouth extended as if it were sure of boing filled by one of us. When so near that I could almost have touched the monster by reaching out my hand, I raised my club and' brought it down with all the forco I was capable of exerting upon the roptilo's head. With the action I sprang backward, but not a moment too soon ; for it brought its tail down with a snap that sounded like the re port of a pistol, upon tho very spot I had stood, ana had I not vacated inv post, I should not have been here telling thiB story. Tho monster seemed stunned somewhat by the blow I had given it, and after a minute or two wriggled away a short distance, and seemed content to watch us. One of my comrades had taken the club from me, but instead of giving a blow, received one on the arm from the monster's tail that sent it poworless to his sido. Another picked up the club, and succeeded in giving such a blow that the reptile was glad to slip into deep water. In this way the night and tho conflict went ; and when the light of morning came, wo had done battle with at least a score of the monsters, and some of them a half-dozen times ovor. It was indeed a battle for life. Tho water, contrary to our expectations, had not risen so as to cover the entire surface ; and there was a spot abont ten feet square, whioh gave us a firm foothold that wo could' not have obtained in the mud and water. With the first dawn of light we discovered a large tree moving slowly down tho creek ; and to our joy wo saw it was floating cross, wise of tho stream ; and if it did not ohango its position, must strike tho island, and tho further bank over tho narrowest expanse of water. Yon can imagine with what in terest we watched the tree, which seemed sent by Providence to effect our deliverance from a terrible death by the huge-jawed monsters that surrounded ns. So slow tliat sometimes it seemed as if it did not move at all, camo the ark of our deliverance. As it ncared us, the roptiles above sank beneath the surface, so as to allow it to pass over them, only to reappear the moment it had gone by. The roots of tho tree caught on the shore, tho toil swung round, and for a moment we thought it wonld not stop, but sweep us into tho wator. Fortunately, we were mistaken, for the branches caught in tho mud and becamo stationary A bridge was built over our Red Sea, on which we could cross. Hastily we bounded over it, expecting evvery moment that the slimy monsters would start up and drag us off ; but ojir fears were groundless, as none appeared until wo were safely over. Then ono dark head rose close to the shore, and, as a parting salute, I sent my club at it, with what result I did not stop to sno. We wandered on until noon that day, when we emerged upon a plantation, and came across a negro, who had a notion to see something of tho wdrld, and who eon- ducted us safely to tho Union linos, having escaped with whole skins from both rebels and alligators. 