WHEN the Roman cohorts under Yittus were besieging Jerusalem the Jews, within the walls of the city, were butchering eaoh other in the ^rest. The common danger could not unite the implacable antagonists, nor could the relentless invader, who afterwards made miles of crucifixes, make tnem , ,, . ., , . . forget their deep-rooted fratricidal hate. As it is in large matters concerning the very existence of a nation,so itisincomparatively smaller matters. The weakness ana disunion of the Assembly is the strength of the Council. We cannot believe that the As- ,. ..... . ... -. setnbly realises the humiliation to which it has been reduced. Mr Francis told the House that ths Government proposed to appeal to the country on the amendment of the Constitution Act. He dilated on thn utter unworkability of our present legislative machinery, and then immediately showed how little he was in earnest by proposing to go on with thiee measures it is highly probable the Council will rejeot. Jfcnt of sincerity could not be more palpably shown. e have heard of prisoners playing at chuck farthing" on the day before their xecation. Mr Francis is just as insensible o his true position, though his callous nsensibility shows itself in another way. Of he nature of his laboured threat we know ot, but judging by former progeny, the ecundity of his political mountain will not e very great. Its summit is at present apped witb black lowering storm clouds, which, no doubt, will end in gentle rain as soft as dew. Mr Duffy is anxious that the Government should prorogue and re- assemble and send the bill up again. To be again rejected, we suppose. Mr Francis has held up two cheeks, and haB been Bmitten twice, and Mr Duffy is anxious to make it thrice. Mr Berry wishes to throw upon the Coancil the onus of carrying on the Government. Sow the great O would like that! Such a course could only have one of two terminations. If the Louncil succeeded in carrying on the Government the Assembly won id be totally defeated, and the Counoil would have established a claim not afterwards deniable. If the Council did not succeed they would fiay that the. Assembly was obstructive. Mr Langton displayed an amount of-treachery we were hardly prepared for, even from him. lie said if the people „.„ „ decided for tbe Bill tbe oounoil must give . ff^t Bill? This ElectomUBill is 1 i but a feather in.th6 60.ale. if the Electoral Bill were passed to morrow we ere no better off. That is not'the Tssue, and Mr Langton Jtoows ~it." He-w not « fool.. But -we should like this -quondam champion of the Council to show his true colors now. It Ss bad to have an enemy in the very heart of the samp. The. Assembly is evidently afraid of its unready, cowardly leaders, and so they stand dawdling, staring at, and chiding each other,fatting wish -pander to fear while fear knuckles under. There will be a useless ifruitlesB - dissolution. - Members will be punished, and the country and the two HouseB-will lie in-exactly in the ^ame positions they now occupy. If the Government meant loefrike the; wonid strike now. There is no earthly ra&sou; for refusing the battle de- fiantly offered by the Council—the masters o' the position. 1 The vacillation of th* Oouncil was dignity and courage compared to this blanch-cheek indecision. THK law holds that the receiver is as bad a- the thief, and the principle is as righteous a* it is sound. The proof of a man's guilty knowledge is held to be the price he pays for the article stolen. When a " fence" paya 10s for an article worth £5 the law accepts this as prima facie proof of a guilty knowledge. The onus o< proving that no guilty knowludge existed rests with the accused. On the same prinoipU, those who won £60. £100, and even larger sums, in one night from Wardill must Lavs known that the money they won was not honestly got, and they ere therefore as guilty as Wardill—just as guilty as if they had put their hands into the Sugar Company's till. Wardill, no doubt, was more of the infatuated fool than the rogne. He was the pigeon—the duck plucked by others, whose guilty knowledge was as great, if not as exaot as WardilPs. His sin was ever before him in black and I white. They kept no such tell tale records and no such ghost to trouble their dull con. sciences, but common juBtice demands a full xpose or a complete disgorgement of the r a oney plucked from Wardill. As for the l innings at Sydney, spoken of by a Melbourne t ournal—they are, we are afraid, somewhat doubtful. A mere flam. An invention by C those who have robbed Wardill for the purpose of showing the " chances" of play and the " tide" of luck. Mr W Thomson, on behalf of the Kyneton Agricultural Society, and in company with other gentlemen deputed by other societies, waited on the Minister of Roads and Railways yesterday for the purpose of inducing him to lower the freight charged oc gram frono inland towns to the seaboard from 2id to 2d per ton per ^ S J ^ l A ^ t ^ gentlemen coming from all parts of the colony ^ urg(j the reduction he felt bound to pay Eome deference to their wishes. He accord- ,jjng|y a?reed to reduce the freight from 2jd tQ s"j The denotation thanked him and witbr drew. . . _ The delegates from the various Shire Councils in the colony waited on the Chief Secretaiy yesterday fjr the purpose of urging the Government to continue the endowments to Shires and Eoad Districts. The deputation was a very powerful one, all the shires in the colony being represented. Mr W Thomson represented Kynetou. The following resolutions previously drawn up and agreed to by the conference of delegates was submitted to Mr Francis: " 1. That this conference has heard with surprise and regret that it is the intention of the Government not to continue the present on a śliding scale, terminating altogether four years hence. 2. That this conference recommends that the system of endowments to Shires and Road Districts be based on the principle of granting to each shire and road district £2 t-o every £1 locally raised annually on Is ratesay for a period of not less than 10 years ; and that the present system of subsidy to main roads and bridge construction be retained and continued, and "that nothing less will satisfy ^ tf 8 c(1nference it is necessary that a bill be introrfuced into the Assembly this session, to settle the question of.^d 0 .™^- " ^ S ? ^ arrangement would be embarrassing ana prejudicial 6 t0 tt,e local governing bodies. 4. That ; this conference pledges itself to use all legiti- , j ngw Statale wi,ich may be introduced to the j the Legislature. Mr Francis admitted that when his colleague made ^atement in the House on tbe subject he had not all tbe tacts | befofe himi but since then he (Mr Langton) had seeń fit to modify his views on the subject, He (Mr Francis) was therefore able to state that the Shire Councils and Boad Boards would be provided tor at the same rate and on the same basis as before until the_ new Local Government Act WAS passed, and in that the views and wishes of the coufereoce would, if not carried ont in their entirety, be embodied iu the Act as far as possible, at least as far as they (the Government) could go. The deputation, after thanking Mr Francis for bis courtesy, withdrew. The only busioess at the Polic6 Court on Ttiesday consisted of the disposal of two or three rate cases. There was no business at the Kyneton General Sessions on Tuesday. His Honor, Judge Bunny and Mr J. T. T. Smith, crown prosecutor were present. This is the_ second time this lack of work has occurred in succession. . A life governorship of the Kyneton Hospital, in connection with the late amateur performance was conferred on Monday evening, in favor of Mr W May, who throughout bore a large share of the entertainments. The accident wards mm of the Kyneton Hospital desires to acknowledge, with thanks, tbe receipt of a large parcel of white linen rags, for use in the casualty ward, from Mrs Prebble, and trusts that similar donations will be forwarded. A most unprecedented score was made in a Rifle Match, yesterday, Kyneton v Maldon, His total 79 and the utmost amount he could possibly score would be 84. But the remarkable part of the affiir is that he scored seven bull's eyes in succession at 650 yards. A dead shot. The Maldon men won by 70 points, and afterwards partook of a fine dinner at Wedgewood's. . . . Many of the selectors iu this _ district and elsewhere find themselves in a difficulty in re ference to the land they occupy. They find the conditions extremely burthensome and hard to comply with, A requisition has, therefore, been presented to Mr C Young, the President of the Shire Council, askiug him to convene a public meeting for the purpose nf considering the necessity for an_amendment of the Land Statute and the modification of the regulations now in force. In compliance witb this requisition Mr Yonng has convened a meeting, to be held on "Wednesday next, at the Mechanics' Institution. - Barkley Square presented quite a lively appearance yesterday, the occasion being a fiiptball- match—"Schools ]r.second 20.of the Ifyneton ""Football Xiltobi** The youngsters played remarkably, well, many of them evincing pluck and endurance equal to the veterans of the dub. After a hotly contested game of two hours, the match resulted iu a draw, no goal being Jacked on either side, i Windridge captained the schools' taam and' F "Hickey.'the club. The weather was showery, and the new shed just, erected was-largely patronised. A' meeting of the Kyneton District Cricket Clnb committee was i eld laBt evening, at tbe Junction Hotel. when there were present,— Dr Geary {in the chair),Messrs Harry, Buckley, Gilmote, J. Armstrong, C. Armstrong, Green, and" J.'Thomson; It was resolved that two chains of the gronud should be cultivated im mediately/and sown with" rye grass knd clover. The date of "the annual general meeting was .fixed Jfor Mónday^lie^2"ad.,inst., at Gregory's Hotel,"' when the future working of the club will be decided upon, j w m t An old identity of Kynetou has paRsed away. Solomon Merchant died in the Hospital last night. . „ The meeting of the Board of Advice (No 168) for the school district of Launaton and Edeecombe was held at the State School JNo 2083, Lauriston, on Friday last, when there were present—Mr S Windridee, chairman ; Mr Findlay Maccionald. correspondent; Messrs Baird and Miners. A code of rales for regulating the proceedings of the Bwd was considereil and adodted, and it was decided that any member absenting himself from three consecutive meetings should be held to have forfeited Ins seat. The correspondent was directed to write to the Education Department Enrgme various improvements in the furniture of Lauriston State School, an increase in the area allotted tor playgronnd, and the enlargement of the school building, the size of which is totally inadequate ro the proper accommodation of the children at present on the roll—130. Last month the average attendance of children was 99 The Lhiar man, Messrs Baird and Miners were appointed a visiting committee for the quarter, and the Board then adjourned. A conference of Borough Delegates, to'iU place on Tuesday, at Weber's assembly rooms. Or Davy was present on behalf of the Malmsburp Borough Council. We are indebted to that gentleman for a few particulars concerning the proceedings. The gentlemen present were unanimous io expressing their opinion in fivor of the Government subsidising Boroughs and other local bodies, but there was some difference of opinion as to the shape it shoul d take. They could not agree as to whether the endowment should be made according to the rates collected or according to the length of oad to be maintained. There was some doabt s to weather cities should be included in the ist. Ultimately the whole matter was remitted o a committee for report. A musician named "Anthony Geuner committed suicide on Monday, in Hoddle street, ollin?wood, by cutting bis throat. The Eevd P. S. Menries, who has been very ill for some time past has been granted 12 months' leave of absence and £500 by Scots Cburcb Congregation. The New South Wales Parliament bas been opened by a whole string of promises. Bamford, the hangman, is dead. No doubt those who have narrowly escaped his clutches will say let him R. I- P. A very influential meeting was held at Dtyiesford, on Saturday, at which the conduct of the Legislative Council was almost unanimously condemned. re A th g T c r i d H d i C p m t s a t v 