Bible in schools. To the amendment which had been proposed he demurred altogether, as it would fcetackinKon to the Bill a financial debate. (The Chief Secretary-' Hear, hear.') II they were to have a debate as to the form of taxation which would be necessary to carry out the Bill it would lead to no profitable result, and probably have the effect of shelving the Bill altogether. He did not suppose any member had seen more of discord which had been caused through the introduction of the religious element into State education than he ba-l in Ireland. What caused State education in Ireland to be at such a low ebb for so long a time lut the determination on the part of the Established Church to have the Bible read in schools, and the resolution of the Eoman Catholics to agree to no system under which the Bible wa3 crammed down the throats of their children ? The present system of Ireland, he thought, was more suited to this country than that which was now proposed. He did not think free education was the best thing for the country. The national system of Ireland was not free. It was free for those who could not afford to pay for their children's education, but not for those who could. (Cheers.) The only religious feature to be seen in the schools was a copy of the Ten ConimandmeHta ; but any clergyman could go on certain days in the week and at certain hours to the schoolroom, and as long as he did not interefere with their secular educator he could give religious instruction to :he children of his own persuasion, the others being allowed in the meantime to amuse themselves. He trusted the anticipation of the hon. member for the city would be entirely ignored and that the House swould not go into a financial Rebate. Let .them establish the principles of the Bill, and if they arn-cd at the conclusion that the people should be educated, ntxt May the Treasurer would know the responsibility which rested on him. and the House would have to provide funds for carrying out the decree of the House for the good of the cuuntiy. (Hear, hear.) * Mr PICKERING did not agree that education should be altogether compulsory. He concurred with Mr. Conner that the children of parents who could not afford to pay for them should be educated free, but not the children of those who could. If they did there would be spongers on the Govern ment, and it would be unjust to rate one man with a large family of his own to educate to help another into the bargain— (Hear, hear)— who had the same means. It seemed that the majority of the religious bodies had agreed that if they were to have a workable Bill the Bible must be excluded from schools; but he did not like to put a barrier a?:iic«t the Bible even for four hours-(Mr. Carr— 'Hear hear') — and though he did not tay he should be pleased to see the Bill thrown out simply for that, still if there was a division he must go against it Some allusion had been made to the Book, of Kings. Her Majesty had bten reputed as holding up to the world a free Bible, and never said anything more true than when she held up the Bible as the source of England's greatness. Some of the greatest and noblest things ever mortal read of were contained in the Book of Kings, and any one who thought lightly of that would probably think hjjhtly of other parts of the Bible. The old Act had been greatly abused, but he thought it had been a valuable friend to South Australia, and that if more money were voted as much good would be effected by it as if this Bill passed. Would they get value for their money? He did not think so. What would be done with free schools and free school buildings! There was a jrmtleman m bis neighbourhood who had established a fiee school Mr. Angas, and he wished that there were a great number of Mr. Angases in the colony— (Hear, hear)— and the worthy schoolmaster who perhaps had done as much good as any schoolmaster in the colony would never have done it had he ignored reading the Bible, with simple comments, no denomina tionalism. (Hear, hear.) It was true of the Judge on his throne to the poor miner who lately spoke at Wallaroo, that if a man wanted to cleanse his way, he must, as stated in the 119th Psalm, take heed to that work, and if he did not all the secular learning in the world would not benefit him. He thought the Government might be able to keep the Book from prohibition by leaving it to the teachers themselves; but if they could not do that the next best thing would be not to allow any sectarianism to come in. (Hear, hear.) Let them have reading of the Bible, and not debar a good man from making comments upon it. If a boy told lies at school, or did any other sinful action, and they shut up the Bible, they closed the teacher's mouth from condemning the bad act lie must say he thought the Government had done the best thing under the circumstances, seeing that the representatives of most of the religiota bodies had agreed to the exclusion of the Bible from schools, fie should not be sorry if the Bill did not pass, for he did not think they should get value for their money. (Cheer-.) Mr. MYLES understood that the Bill was broucht forward for the purpose of affording edu cation to the children of parents who could not afford to pay for it, and consequently it was to be free. He tr.ok it that it must be free to be com pulsory. (Xo.) He did not understand that the Bill excluded the Bible from schools, but that re ligious education should be imparted before and after school hours. If the Bible were to beread as a class-look, and no: expounded, but the children left to found their own opinions upon it, it would never do; and therefore he considered the Bill met the views he held. There was a matter to which he would like to call the attention rf the Government. Any child, according to the Bill, living within two miles of a schoolhouse had to attend it. Now, in Noarlunga one portion of the district would be within that distance of a Government school which at present existed, but the north, south, and western parts would be entirely excluded. Would the Government in such a case shift the schorl and make it central, or retain it where it was/ If he read the B:ll aright, chil dren having a certain standard of education need not attend those free schools, and that, if they attended a denominational school, they could still do bo if they likeiL (The Commissioner of Public Wcrks — 'Hear, hear.*') Although the Bill would req-ire in Committee to be considerably altered, it was well worth a second reading; and did credit to the Government who brought it in. (Hear, hear.) But he should like to know where the funds were coming from. ('Hear, hear,'' from Messrs. Ward a; d Carr) He would t-e willing to support the Government in any reasonable tax for education if it was kept entirely apart from the question of roaJs. They would surely be able to get from one end of the colony to the other; but it was a question whether they could get through life without education. They might leave land, money, and everything of that sort to a child, and they might all go from him; but give him education, and unless he became an idiot or a drunkard, or worse, that would never be lost to him. (Cheers.) He then had always something to fall back upon, and if he lost his position through vice or other means had a chance once again to start and make his way in the world. He should be happy to do all he could to support the Government in passing a Bill; but he was not the man to say the Bible should not be read in schools. Mr. BOUCAUT said this was a subject in which he had always felt a very great interest, and he had to say in the first place that he thought the amend ment of his friend the hon. member for Noarlunga was abundantly justified, because he thought in in troducing a scheme that would require one-eighth or one-ninth of the whole revenue of the colony the Ministiy ought to have said the way in which they proposed to raise the money. (Hear, iiear.) He was not going to make any severe remarks, but would only ask the Chief Secretary what would be said of Mr. Lowe or ar-y other Chancellor of the txehefjuer asking the House of Commons to pass a measure appropriating some £7,000,000 or i&» 00,000 per annum without indicating the way in which he proposed to raise that money I The Ministry had not shown that breadth of view which he should have expected, but so anxious was he to get the matter settled that he did not feel justified in voting for the amendment, although the hon. member was fully justified in proposing it. When he opposed the measure proposed by the late Captain Hart he indicated hve principles which he ap proved of — that the education should be free, compulsory, secular, with Boards of Advice, and a rating clause. Now, he understood the Ministry were willing to introduce Boards of Advice, therefore four of the points he advocated were conceded. And the only thing remaining was local assistance in carrying out the measure, which he hoped would still be adopted. There was a clause in the Bill to enable the Government to dedicate certain portions of land; but he should endeavour to make that power more extensive. He hoped also that the plan of Mr. Hart would be adopted of bringing the machinery of the District Councils hita use. He had not that want of confi dence in Eapfrict Councils which would exclude them fronypviru: advice and aiding iu the educa tion of their districts, instead of altogether cen tralizing the control in the hands of the Superin tendent of Education-which term, by the way, he should propose to strike out. givin? power to appoint such officers as the Government might think suSirieat. The Attorney-General, he thought, was wrong in saying the Bill would need to be reserved for the Queen's assent. It would not be so unless a new Minister was appointed; bu: there was no reason why or-e of the present Ministers should not have charge of the Education Department; and that would not in any way at-er the Constitution Act. They should complete their legislation as much as possible in the exouy, and not reserve anytninj? to be sent home »liea ic could be avoided. He did not think it necessary .by the Bill;{an-i if it was the Bill should be altered. so that it should net be necessary. (' Hear, hear.' fr*m the Chief Secretary.) There was one «reai defect in the Bill. It was to sweep away the w'mle of tie present schools at one swoop. Instead of that the Act should be brought into operation by prcchusation in certain districts just as they wrer; ready. He was not a great friend of the Education Soaru 3? present; and his estiaiatiou of them *f4i j not increased Dytneir [going out of the colony to get a teacher for the Model Schools. He waa told that such teacher had been engaged in Sydney, and if bo that was a reflection on the colony which it did not deserve. (Hear, hear.) Why did not the Board give some opportunity to teachers in the colony ? (Mx. Cavenagh— 'We did.') They called for applications from persons with firBt- class certifi cates, whilst there was no provision made for persons in this colony being enabled to obtain such a certificate. He should be glad to hear any expla nation from the hon. member, who was one of the Board, if he had any to give. Nothing that had been given satisfaed him yet. It was a most extra ordinary thing if there were not in the colony many men as abJe to do justice to the children as the one who had oeen obtained from Sydney. In that the Education Board had made a great mistake Mr Hart had a provision in his Bill which he should like to see in this— that no minister of religion should be licensed as a teacher; and he should propose a similar clause in this Bill. It would be unfortunate in the highest degree if the public schools should be made the arena of ministerial strife. They must say that persons who wished to nave their children taught religion must have tnem taught at home, but the State schools mufefc not be used for that purpose. The religious question was one that he approached wiih very great hesitation-almost, he might say, with fear and trembling. He did not wish to attack the consciences of those who differed from him. He agreed with those who spoke warmly in support of the Bill, but the Ministry in this matter had made what seemed to him a very fair com promise. He agreed with the* hon. member Mr. fownsend, who seemed to have influenced one Wesleyan gentleman, and he thought the Ministry had made a fair compromise. They had not gone so farintheseculardirectionashe wished, forhe would have preferred the clause of the Melbourne Bill. They were told they were abolishing the Bible. He denied that altogether. (Hear, hear.) He was not going to discuss the question at any length, because it had been discussed freely. He sympa thized from bis education with the views of his hon. colleague, but notwithstanding that he was bound to give latitude to persons who differed from him. They had no right to say that because they believed the Bible to be a particularly holy book they would enforce the Bible upon those who were taught somewhat differently. That was not true religion according to his view. They heard charges made of infidelity, atheism, modem scepticism, and all those things. Those names were very improperly and unjustly used. (Hear, hear.) They would be just as much justified in charging those who used them with bigotry, fanaticism, or fetishism; but hard names of that sort did no good whatever, and only called out ill-feeling, and prevented the ques tion being fairly settled. He was almost prepared to agree with the resolutions of the Wesleyan Com mittee. With that one stating that no denomina tional catechism, creed, or formulary should be used, he most entirely agreed. Then they went on to recommend that a portion of Scripture should be read daily. Well, that was permitted (Mr. Carr —'No.') That was permitted by the Bill:— 'Provided that if any such school buildings shall be used for the purposes of imparting religious teaching, or for reading portions of the Holy Scrip* ture therein, such teaching or reading shall take place before or after school hours,' and the atten dance of the school children thereat shall not be compulsory.' (Hear, hear.) Then it was a misuse of language to say the Bible was forbidden by the Bill. (Hear, hear.) It was merely a question of whether the Bible should be read to those children whose parents sent a written request to that effect, or whether the Bible should be read to those children who went to school at a particular time. Then was it fair to throw upon certain children the odium that would attach to them in some quarters if the law enabled it to be said of them that their parents were Atheists or Infidels because they asked that their children should not be present at the reading of the Bible Persons might call him an Atheist or an Infidel until they injured their organs of speech and would not hurt him, but there were many who would be exceeding hurt at such a charge. Therefore he would remove the cause of any such imputations. The Treasurer had said it was desirable a comprehensive national system of education should be adopted in order to teach the rising population how to exercise the suffrage. That was a very strong argument, but there were others as well. Two or three times the bon. member for the Burra had called attention to the importance of technical education, and that was very important But there were other even larger questions than either of those. Perhaps some of the first children educated under this Act would have to grapple with the two great questions with which the whole mind of the world had been seething and boiling— the relation of capital and labour and the religious question. That was not as to whether a particular sect was or was not the right one, but, as put by Professor Huxley, whether religion was not altogether something apart from and beyond Christianity ; or, as it was said by Frances Power Cobb, the most powerful female writer of the day, that Christianity was an effete dispensation, and they wanted another. There was the question again put by the Dean of Westminster, who observed that they could not do otherwise than see that a great number of the men of the highest intellects were so annoyed and pained with the constant struggling between Christian sects that they would see in the future a strong tendency of all thoughtful men to sever themselves from all sectarian influences whatever. When they said that, they were not facing the difficulty like men if they sought to meet ques tions of that nature by simply providing that the Bible should be read for a quarter of an hour every day in school. Then, again, in the last number of Macmillan. Mr. Hughes, the author of 'Tom Brown's School Days,' speaking of the future, said. 'The party wrestling-matches and janglings of various Churches and sects, which go by the common name of Christian, are to me only not wholly indifferent, because they seem so eminently futile and mischievous. But the religious ' problem of civilization' lies outside of all this. For I think very few persons interested in these questions can have failed to remark the uneasy and mournful tone which runs through much of the serious scepticism in our current literature.' Again, Mr. Emerson, in America, said. 'The Hebrew and Greek Scriptures contain immortal sentences, which have been bread of life to millions. But they have no special integrity— are not shown in their order to the intellect. I look for the new teacher, who shall follow so far these shining laws that he shall see them come full circle, and see their rounding, complete grace; shall see the world to be the mirror of the soul; shall see the identity of the law of gravitation with purity of heart: and shall show that thought, that duty, is one with science, with beauty, and with joy.' Questions like that were not to be met by insisting that the Bible should be read in the way insisted on by the hon. member for Noarlunga. These were questions which the whole thinking civiliza tion of the world had pondered over; and with all respect to his hon. colleague, who he knew had a deep feeling on the subject, he could not help thinking when they saw that Book— the Bible— made so much an object of strife, it was better to use all their efforts to have that opportunity re moved from schools for the future. It was im possible but that they should respect men of such character, and they could not put away the con sideration of their views because a great many persons who had been taught to read the Bible without thought insisted upon the Bible being read. It was impossible, unless they met this question fairly as men, that their children could have the education which they ought to have. He was going to refer to some remarks made by the Committee of Education in Victoria, but he would not trouble them, as they were so much like whit he had quoted from Mr. Hughes, showing that which had also been shown hy the Chief Secretary. He was exceedingly glad to hear the letter he read from Air. Neville Blyth— a gentleman they all respected very much— (Hear, hear)— and which he considered to be very important, as showing tiut that gentleman, who at one time held rather extreme views on this question, had somewhat modified them. (The Chief Secretary— 'Hear, hear.') Sir James Fergusson they knew used somewhat similar language in Scotland, when he said that if three or four ministers of different sects were not allowed to have their dinner till they had settled the religious difficulty they would very soon settle it Certainly he would not like to put it so disrespectfully as that; and he was rather surprised at Sir James Fergusson. because in this colony they deemed the bearing of therichthon. baronet to be somewhat theother way. It was imperatively necessary that they should not enable ministers to interfere in the education of the scholars. They could not blame ministers for what came to them from their education. The ministers of the Church of England were taught to say before they were ordained that they felt called and moved by the express Spirit of the Holy Ghost or of God. He was not complaining of that ; but conceding that such statements were in every respect correct, which they knew eould not be the case in every instance, still, supposing them to beso, a niinistermust bein proportion as he believed tho^e doctrines less liberal with regard to other people. He could excuse ministers for believing in the im portance of that which they taught, and the jangling which Mr. Hughes spoke of. and the bicker ings which Mr. Higinbotham and the Education Committee in Victoria reported upon, because they considered that they were called by the Spirit of God to teach certain doctrines, and it followed that they would not be so liberal to other denominations as if they had been brought up with a less biassed feeling. What the duty of the State was was to give the people an education in ordinary secular knowledge, such as the three R's, and leave religious instruction to be carried out at home. He was not going to criticise the Book of Kings— of which the hon. member for East Torrens had spoken— in a laudatory manner, and he would be guilty of very bad taste if he attempted to do so in a manner that was disrespectful. He was however, surprised at the hon. member in his allusion to the Book of Kings. He said that he had read it till he sickened of it ; and if it was read by boys in school as the hon. member had had to read it no doubt they would be surfeited with it. He had read the Book of Kings a good deal himself, and with very little effort thought that he could say a great part of it off. He certainly could say as much as any other hon. member present, and he could do the same with some other of the Bible books. He hoped hon. members would not think that he had not been at school. He had been at school, he assured them, for several years. (Laughter. An hon. member— 'A night school?'') For some time he had been at the school of a minister of the Church of England, then at the school of the Wesleyan minister— in fact, of three Wesleyan ministers, as the principal's son and son-in-law, who taught, were also Wesleyans, so that he was exceedingly well placed as far as ministers were concerned. Except when he was at a girls' school— (laughter) —he was under the ministers he had mentioned, and no Bible was read at the schools. (The Trea surer—' It never is used in private schoels.' Mr. Solomon— ' ' Yes it is. ') He only wished to urge that if it was not necessary to read the Bible in private schools, it was surely not necessary that it should be read in public schools, and the legitimate con clusion that be drew from that was that it was quite sufficient that the Bible should be read at home. And he thought it said very little for the ministers, who now cried out that they should be so fearful of their assis tants in the Sunday-school, and of the parents of children, as to think that if the Bible waa not read in public schools the children would not know anything of it at alL There could be no greater reflection upon the ministers of religion than that while the Koman Catholics and also the children of our Jewish fellow-colonists did not hear the Bible read in the schools, their own people would not hear it except it was read in the public schools. He wai not speaking freely upon this question, because upon such a matter he did not wish to say anything that would be likely to lead to unkindly feeling. (Hear, hear.) He did not want to speak antagonistically to the Ministry upon this subject, as he desired to assist them in framing a Bill that would be a credit te the country. Bear ing that in mind, it was not necessary that he should say much more, as he only had to justify his vote in going as far as he could in support of the Government. Had he been united in the responsibility of bringing the measure forward he would have considered it necessary to have done as the Chief Secretary had done, and quoted statistics and the opinions of thoughtful men in other countries bearing upon the matter. He thought there was no time in the history of South Australia when the question could be more fitly grappled with free from all religious feeling or strife. If party and religious feeling were allowed to come into their delibera tions a very great injustice would be done to the community, and when the question was settled it must be once for all, and in such a manner that there would be no education debate each session, and that the question of the amount of the educa tion vote would not be made a subject on the hustings and for religious bickering. If some clause was not brought down in Committee to settle this question once for all, and point out how the money was to be raised, he told the Ministry once for all that he would oppose the Bill on its third reading. He would have been proud to have had the honour to be in the Government and to have had a hand in bringing in the Education Bill, and if the Bill passed they would be entitled to great credit in spite cf the fact that they had found a Bill prepared by the previous Government, and that it was a copy of the Victorian Act He would very willingly give the Government all the assis tance that he could give them in passing it, but as far as he could see there must be provisions in the Bill for payment of and dealing with teachers. He did not think that the Chief Secretary did justice to the present teachers in the Bill. Notice had been given to certain persona, he heard, under the Board; but while he conceded that the present teachers had no right to be put upon the Civil list or be given a vested interest, still he considered that they had served the colony in their class for a long time. (Hear, hear.) H the Government did not bring in an amendment he would assist other members in doing so to keep the present Board of Education alive, and have certificates and other advantages given to teachers who had not proved themselves incompetent. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BEES regretted exceedingly that his innocent laugh should have so interfered with the hon. member for Barossa, as he did not wish to interfere with the hon. member at all. With reference to the inuendo— which he fully appreciated— as to the crime of plagiarism, he would, he thought, have occasion to speak presently. He fully agreed with hon. members as to the necessity of avoiding those religious bickerings which the interests of such a subject as that were prone to engender. When down in a district which took a great interest in this matter he was met by a gentleman who held an opinion opposed to his owe, He asked him what way he intended to vote, and he of course replied for the second reading of the Bill— (Hear, hear)— because he considered it would do much good. The gentleman then astonished him by saying that if be did so be would be a traitor to his country and false to his Gol. This was only on a par with the feeling that wai engendered unhappily amongst many excellent meo. of whom he could not speak but with respect Upon the subject of this Bill from time to time he could only say that a roaring cataract of nonsense had been poured forth. There were gentlemen, he was glad to say, who supported the Bill upon principles as high as those which governed those gentlemen who spoke so strongly against it as had been very well remarked by the hon. member for West Torrens. In a question of this kind, which » greatly affected the future of the colony, it was lirst of all necessary that they should approach it with calmness, forbearance, and moderation, because if religious discord set in amongst them, men who would otherwise work together would be found to diverge from the course, and so shipwreck what might be made to be fraught with very great and lasting benefit to the com munity. He was glad te hear the remarks that had been made by the Chief Secretary in alluding to Mr. Neville Bly th's letter. He felt convinced that the religieus difficulty existed more in theory than in practice. By a letter from another colony he heard that although the ministers of religion had made so much opposition to the Bill there, now that it was in operation they were conspicuous by their absence from the schools with the exception of the .Roman Catholic priesthood. He was opposed to the mere reading of Scripture where it could not be explained, for as the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide had very wisely said at the meeting at the Town Hall on this question, if the Bible was only to be read without being ex plained it was tantamount to making a fetish of it Other ministers had also, he was glad to say, given clear and calm opinions. The Rev. Mr. Cox, who might almost be considered the leader of the Congregationalists here, had pointed put that the State was in the position of Gallio, who ' cared for none of these things,' and that all it bad to do was to educate its people in secular studies irrespective of any religion whatever. (Hear, hear.) The Kev. Mr. Manthorpe had also uttered a very advanced opinion in terse powerful epigramatic language. He considered that the reading of the Bible in schools was an unscriptural means of disseminating scriptural knowledge. (Hear, hear.) He was surprised in the present disorganized and disunited state of the Wesleyan body to read such an opinion as this from one of the Wesleyan ministers :—' The Bill before the legislature was doubtless not perfect as indeed no measure would be. He was bouod to say, how ever, that he failed to see anything it it to awaken Buch grave alarm as had been publicly expressed. If it |ffere faulty it was on the negative side, and that which it did not say might be fairly construed as a silent provision of that for which alarmists contended. After dwelling at some length upon the subject of Bible - reading in Government schools, and urging that the new Bill does not pro hibit that when done before or later than the hours devoted to secular instruction, the speaker referred to letters that had recently appeared in theHegLster as advertisements, and then added that they should be careful not to throw any obstacles in the way of passing the Education Bill. They had as a Church throught these colonies approved of the abolition of State aid to religion, and they would only be consistent in supporting a measure which provided for a purely secular education, while leaving them perfectly free to teach the Bible He could not see any compromise of religious prin ciple in this. The liberty of conscience which they claimed for themselves they were bound to respect in those who differed from them.' Those words were worth; of the gentleman who uttered them, and of the religious body to which he belonged. If they looked at the mother country they would find that the religious difficulty had served to complicate the education measure from the first. When he joined the Ministry, Mr. Bright —he meant Mr. John Bright— the great Mr. Bright— (laughter)— said that the present Educa tion Bill was the very worst Education Bill that had passed during this century, simply and solely arising from religious differences. If they looked at the results of the secular system in Victoria they would find that they were far greater than was expected. In 1S72, up to December, the average attendance at the public schools was 66,439. The new Act came into operation in January, 1S73. The average attendance at the end of March, when it had been in operation three months, was 99.7S I, and the increase in six months, at the end of June, was 40,000. The number of children oh the rolls was 155,000, or as one to five of the entire popu lation. This result had been simply aud solely brought about by the education measure provided for that colony. He observed the other day a passage that bore upon this matter— he mist be careful of plagiarism— from a speech of Mr. Forster. He said:— 'The very worst way of getting up a mountain is to be always thinking of its height, and the worst guide you can have is one who is always telling you of the avalanches and crevasses you may encounter. In ascending the Alpine heights there is one ipecial danger— that is, a hidden crevasse. The mountain crevasse is bridged over by what appears to be frozen snow, and as the mountaineer goes along the bridge breaki down, he falls, and nothing more is heard of him. Some think this religious difficulty will be the deep crevasse that will swallow us all up. and one writer has intimated that the tot blast of religious intolerance will melt the snow, and the avalanche will bury us. But the Alpine travellers get over this difficulty by tyingthemselres to each other by a rope, and the bond by which we shall be united together is a common desirt to do our duty to the country by bringing home educa tion to every chi!d in spite of eyery obstacle. They should approach this question with mutual forbearance and a desire to do the greatest gooi for the community at large. Pome hon. members in their desire to preserve the Bible fa schools seemed to have lost sight of the fact that five hours was the school day, and that only (our hours was appointed for secular instruction, so that the remaining hour could be used by ministers for religious instruction if they felt inclined. When they looked at the United States system and that ? of Prussia, it seemed evident that in British j communities we were far behind the time in the matter of education, and yet all parties were j saying, let us make education as free as the air, or, as a gentleman had put it the other day at Moonta, free as the flowers which the children loved to pluck. It would, he thought be conceded that such should be the aim of every Government; but the great drawback in the way had always been ministerial interference. Ministers seemed to fail to comprehend the magnitude of the issues at stake. They seemed to think that there would be some future annihilation of themselfes^-some future interference with their holy calling, instead of their being raised to more activity, and use, and. as a gentleman had said at Saddleworth, out of their lethargy. If these ministers of the Gospel would train up the children of their own denomi nation in their own way there would be an end of the difficulty; but they would not do that They not only said that the State must do that for them, but that they must dictate how it was to be done. What was wanted was that schools should be established where children could go without interference of any denomination. If the State devised a scheme which was comprehensive in its character, then there was at once a cry that it was an irrereligious Bystem of education. The State could not touch the religious question in this matter, because it would be con necting itself with religion in the worst possible form, and he was convinced in his own mind that we must come to a system of purely secular education in order to meet the difficulties which beset us at every point There was another argument used, namely, that they had a majority, and insisted upon the Bible being read in schools. He objected strongly to deciding this or any other question by majorities. And by thus insisting they prevented the system from coming into force, and left the children in ignorance — and ignorance, it was admitted, was the mother of crime. (Hear, hear.) No subject he thought had suffered so much from the ill- considered zeal and religious persistence as this question of education. The Treasurer had well put it when he spoke of the necessity of giving those who were to exercise universal suffrage an education. They had universal suffrage, which had been said by writers to be a hydra -headed tyrant that might be revelling in unaccustomed power. Let them educate the people, and then they would not have the hydra headed tyranny of the mob. Education would tell a large class of people how to use the franchise for the benefit of the country in which they lived. If there was one thing more than another that showed the folly of clerical interference and clerical dog matic teaching he thought it was to be found in the history of the Siege of Paris, when the population, who had been taught by the priests, as soon as they found themselves at liberty rushed upon them and sacrificed their leaders, amongst them the esti mable Archbishop of Paris. Owing to the interfe rence of religion Catholic emancipation had been won only after an arduous struggle, and the dis establishment of the Irish Church was another j instance of religious interference. It had failed I ever as a Missionary Church, but since its i connection with the State was severed it '? had been established on a basis which tie i ventured to believe would never be overturned. ? But we in this colony were in this position. A very eminent French writer, Montesquieu, had said— ' In the infancy of a community the prominent men moved the nation; in the maturity of it the nation moved the prominent men.' That was just the state of society here. We had arrived at j that period of our existence when the nation was called upon to mould the public men, and mould them in a desire to rightly exercise the trust imposed upon them. With reference to compulsion, he was glad to hear the Chief Secretary quote the unanswered and unanswerable evidence of the Victorian In spectors. It was absolutely necessary to resort to compulsory education, which had been stated by Monsieur Guizot, the author of the greatest system of education known, to be 'the bare debt of a nation to its offspring.' At present 95 per cent, of the persons in prisons were neither able to read nor write— (Mr. Bray— 'No') -and it was a strange fact that 25 per cent of those who signed the marriage register were in the same position. Law was made to protect the weak, and the weak were those who through neglect and cir cumstances over which they had no control through bad parents, &c;— crowded our streets and drifted into crime: and compulsion in this matter would benefit them. He nad been met by the argument that the Koman Catholics were opposed to this system of compulsion. Archbishop Manning, of the Koman Catholic Church, possibly one of the greatest of living prelates, expressed himself thus :—' A compulsory education, like a quarantine law, or like a good law to take dangerous weapons out of the hands of malicious persons, falls in with the first law of nature, self-preservation.' Another very eminent Komish prelate. Bishop Forbes Hughes, said:— j 'Place yourself in our position if you want to i judge. Fancy yourselves seeing the Government j providing all the benefit of education, and children ! not participating in it.' And then a great layman j of the body, Lord Howard ot Glosaop, stated:— I ' With regard to compulsion he might say that | some people thought because he was a Koman j Catholic he should be favourable to Koirun ! Catholics and neglect other children. Those were j not his views, for having mixed with all classes and all religions, he had learnt to beir and for bear with all people on all points. He did not like compulsion, but he felt that a power almost akin to compulsion would be needed, for the j children who played about in gutters, who followed { dishonest and degraded lives, were those whom - they most use every effort to get into school, ! where they would receive a sound education, and ' instead of being rogues and vagabonds would be j turned into good people, who would be a credit to , them6elvesandfanrilies,and useful totheircountry.' j And last upon this subject of compulsion, Mr. Forsttr— 'To say it would be un-English to make the parent do his duty if he fails in it is 'foolish.' j However, there ought to exist all means of , persuasion before compulsion is resorted to.' A great deal had been said about the freedom of education. He would certainly support free education. He could not see that there would be ' any difficulty, and if they looked to the United States they would likewise fail to find any diffi culty in getting all scholars to associate together, and the freedom of the schools might do away with what had appealed to his mind as an over whelming fact that the taint of poverty attached to those who sent their children without paying to school. He had the authority of an eminent mem ber of the Wesleyan body to say that notwithstand ing his opposition to the A ct in Melbourne on every opportunity, he believed that the freedom of education had done more towards making the Bill workable than anything else in the Bill, and had gone very far to render almost unnecessary that last resource— compulsion. That coming from a gentleman who thought it his duty to manfully battle against the Bill, and who now came forward saying that his opinions were altered by practice, was an overwhelming argument in favour not only of the freedom, but the compulsory nature of this Bill. The members of the House were, thanks ! to Mr. Hughes, strongly in favour of payment by | results. He would strongly support that system if ; it were only that it promoted honourable rivalry ' among those who had for their vocation the tute- . lage of youth, and because it would allow teachers j to achieve the greatest possible success in the way of money that they could command by diligence and care. He found that a good school master in Melbourne, with his stipend and what he obtained under the sy3teru of payment by results, earned with a school of 5UO about j£600 a year. He was very muca struck by the remark of Mr. West-Erskine that schoolmasters were not paid a journeyman carpenter's wages. (Hear, hear.) That was uufor tunately true. The schoolmaster, he thought occupied a position second in importance to none in the colony. His vocation, as had beeu said by the Chief Secretary, was a speciality, and they ought to do all they could to secure for the rising community the best instruction that could be secured, and that could only be done by givins; good stipends and ready remuneration. He approached his next point with considerable diffi culty, and he wished to make a slight persona! explanation. He had been accused of plagiarizing Dr. Lyon Playfair. He had shown this speech of Dr. Playfair— which had commended itself to his judgment more than any other utterance he had read as to the defects of the educational system— to at least twelve gentlemen in this colony, and he had had it returned to him very recently. ?? He made the quotation from a manuscript which he held in his hand— it wa3 understood to be a quotation, and was made as a quotation, and he would be the last as the jackdaw, to avail himself of the peacock's plumes. He himself had had the befit education procurable, and had tried to dispense . it as much as possible to others; and this rpi»stion I of secondary schools was a matter that had com mended itself to his judgment, and many m Eng land— and then-number was increasingdayibyday— held the same view that he did. He did hope that the slender elementary education obtainable under this Bill would be carried further, and that the Chief Secretary would see that it was not too late to extend it A knowledge of history and physical geography would be an immense boon to a boy in after life, and would enable him to achieve a position he could not otherwise command. He would repeat the words that he had previously quoted from Dr. Playfair. 'No armoar-place of knowledge is given to our future artisan, bat a mere veneer of the three R'e. so thin as to rub off completely in three or four years of the wear and tear of life. He did hope the Government would consider this matter. Ue did not wish to move in any anta gonistic way. He wished to see an education system passed, and would do all he could to assist them, and only ventured to suggest the necessity For secondary improvement schools connected with the national schools. When these normal institu tions contemplated by the Bill were in eperation he thought they would do away with the argument that the 111 private teachers would be injured, because if they made the stipends of the masters a sufficient inducement he thought they would absorb into the scholastic community the flower of those now engaged in private schools. (Cheers.) They would readily exchange a precarious existence for the more honourable position iD which they might arrive at the highest grade. He hoped the Government wculd insert a clause by which a certain sum would be provided on behalf of those who through the force of circumstances had had no proviBiou made for them. Under the Canadian Bill £1.000 a year was provided for this, and five dollars a year were appropriated from the salaries'of the schoolmasters, to form a fund for the purpose, He hoped the same privilege would be accorded to schoolmasters as under the Victorian system, that after a certain amount of service they might become members of the Civil Service. It would iaduce an esprit de corps, and produce results that they little expected. He was glad that the Government had given way on the question of Boards of Advice. He had heard on this subject some very clever remarks from a gentleman well known in the colony. He Baid :— ' In Victoria no school is recognised till a local Committee is appointed by the Board, and the appointment notified in the Government Gazette. Those Committees are recommended by the parents of scholars or subscribers to the school. The following is the rule, viz.:— 'That a public meeting be convened of the parents of scholars who have attended school during five weeks previous to the day of meeting, and of subscribers to the school of 10s. and upwards, and notice of such meeting is to be affixed to the door of the schoolhouse. and to be inserted as an advertisement in the local newspaper, if any be published within two miles of the school By a regulation of the Board the Committees of vested schools must fairly represent the different religious persuasions in the localities where the schools are situated. There must not be a majority of any one denomination— of course the cost of maintenance not coming directly out of the ratepayers' pockets the appointment of Committees is different from what it would be were the contrary the fact. But still the difficulty of finding suitable men to act would apply in the one case as well as the other. If our lawmakers give the ratepayers the privilege of electing Committees for such an important work they will experience no lack of matenal, nor will the scheme lack completeness through this pro vision finding no possibility of fulfilment' With regard to the cost he thought that was a matter which it would be well to leave in the hands of the Government that they might submit a scheme, but let them affirm the general scheme. (Cheers.) To ask every man in the colony to con tribute 10s. only towards keeping up an educa tion system was a request in which all would, he thought, cheerfully acquiesce, and there would be no difficulty in raising the funds. He thought in a matter so important to the constituencies, so impor tant to the colony in which we lived, and so important to the colony of the future, that they ahould approach the subject without those unfor tunate bickerings and collisions such as had taken place elsewhere, that they might frame a measure that would be comprehensive in principle and uni versal in its results. Mr. TOWNSEND moved that the debate be now adjourned. Carried. Mr. M YLES called for a division :- Ay.es, i2— Messrs. Angas, Boothby, Boucaut, Carr, Cavenagh, Duncan, Hughes, Rogers, Simms, Solomon, Ward, and Townsend (teller). Noes, 13— The Chief Secretary, the Treasurer, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Bray, Bundey. Conner, Krichautf. Lake, Mortlock, Pearce, Bees. West-Erskine, and Mylea (teller). Majority of 1 for the Noes. Mr. BKAY would not have spoken but for the remarks of Mr. Bees, whom he had interrupted when he said that 95 per cent, of those who had been convicted in this colony were unable to read and write. The statistics for last year Bhowed that out of 1,0Gb' prisoners in the Stockade and Gaols 684 could read and write, and 84 others could read, so that instead of 95 per cent, there were considerably less that 50 per cent who were unable to read and write. He would support the second reading, but reserve himself the right to endeavour to amend it in several particulars in Committee. (The Chief Secretary — ' Hear, hear.') He was glad that the Government had intimated that they intended to make several alterations — to add several subjects to the standard of education, and also to make better provision for carrying out the objects of the Bill by appointing Boards of Advice. He thought it would be a great pity if the ages named in the Bill in which children could be compelled to go to school were adhered to. From seven to 15 appeared to him to commence and end too late. The Education report showed that there were 6,000 children under seven years being educated, and if the Government fixed the minimum age at seven years they would hardly expect any under that age to avail themselves of the system. He was not ponvinced that because education was compulsory it should be free— (Hear hear)— although it might be desirable that it should be free. He would refer to the remarks of Mr. Trollope in reference to the schools of Canada, which were both com pulsory and free, in which he said the level of 3(lucation was good, but educa'ion above that level was rare. He believed the Bill would be a peat advance upon the present system. (Hear, bear.) With regard to the question of the Bible in schools, he thought that in Committee they ffould be able to arrange the matter so as to give satisfaction to most of those who had addressed themselves to the point The Bill said that during four hours the Bible should not be read, and under that they could hardly expect the teachers or scholars to take any other hours. The Bill irould have to be supplemented by regu lations, which would be equally important. £he Bill seemed to him to be needlessly particular in some things and too open in others. It was provided that there should be two hours spent in ;he school in the morning and two in the after noon. He thought it would be better to fix certain .imes between which the four hours' instruction should be given, and leave it to the Board of Advice to say when they should be. He agreed with Mr. Krichautf that 60 days' instruction in the ialf-year were not enough. He thought the children must be in school a longer time if the education were to be beneficial. If only one-third )f the year were devoted to education the children rould forget what they had learned. The Bill iiffered from the Melbourne Act in not providing 'or payment by results, but he gathered from the rrea&urer; that the Ministry had seen the wisdom )f this system and intended to adopt it On the motion of Mr. DUNCAN, the debate was idjourned until Thursday. KEKOSLVE BILL In Committee. The TKEASUKER (Hon. L. Glyde) moved the nsertion of a new clause, giving power to the jovernment by proclamation to extend the opera tion of the Bill to other localities thaa those pro* rided for in it Carried. Mr. SOLOMON called the Treasurer's attention » the fact that there was no appropriation of the penalties leviable under this Bill, and suggested ;hat as the officers of Municipal Corporations rould be inspectors under it the penalties should ;o to the funds of the Corporations prosecuting. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) said the Language of Acts Bill provided that unless other rise provided penalties imposed by Acts were to je received by the Treasurer. The amounts under ;his would be very considerable, and he thought the Treasurer would like to keep them. Mr. SOLOMON hoped the Treasurer would take ;he matter he had referred to into his considers ;ion. and if he did not prepare a clause on the subject he (Mr. Solomon) would do so himself. Mr. HUGHES observed that clause 3 provided ihat kerosine should be landed from a vessel within three days after its arrival ; but it had been jointed out to him by shipping agents that this xiuld not be carried into effect^that the American ressels which brought kerosine here had the kerosine placed at the bottom of the vessel for the reason that the article was veiy damaging in its salure, and subject to leskaye, and on account of its greater weight than the bulk of the cargo which came with it; and therefore it was impos sible to discharge it in three days. He a^kad the treasurer to give attention to this matter, to as to )e prepared with some alteration. s The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyle) had no ioubt there were some grounds fer what the hon. member said ; but it would be soon understood by ihippers that this was the law, and they would irrange their cargoes accordingly. He would point iut that if vessels containing kerosiue were Mowed to lie close to other vessels for two or hree weeks the risk of explosion would be very ;reat. Mr. HUGHES agreed that the time should be ?b limited as possible. He suggested six days astead of three. The TBEASUKEB (Hon. L GlydeX in reply to air. wekt-Ebskine, said clause 13 gave power to extend the piovisions of the Bill to othet explosive lUDstances than those named in it. The House resumed, the Chairman reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again next day. xr *&H;?KIFCE 0F DIVISIONS. Mr. MYLES asked what length ot time must elapse before a division which had been decided in reSe°d ^ P4rty Wh° had caUed for il could ** The SPEAKER said if any member objected another division could not take place within a quarter of an hour, but no notice was taken that afternoon at the time. OYSIER FISHERY BILL. In Committee. Clauses 1 and 2. Passed. Clause 3. Permission to form and occupy arti ficial beds. . Mr. MOKTLOCK said there was such an immense area [of coast-line where oysters were already that he thought there should be a defini tion of what was a natural oyster-bed. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) did not think any definition was necessary. Clause passed. Clause i. Persons obtaining permission to publish description of beds. On the motion of Mr. Mobtlock, this clause was amended so as to allow 12 months instead of six for stocking oyster-beds, and passed. Mr. MORTLOCK moved that the time, 14 years, in which a person could hold an oyster-bed should be struck out and 28 years inserted, as the former was not long enough for him to make much profit out of one. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) thought the time was long enough. The holder of the bed would probably be the firet.to apply for a renewal on the expiration of the term. . ' Fourteen' was struck out and 'twenty-one*' inserted, and the clause passed as amended. Clause b'. Penalty for interfering with oyster beds. Mr. MORTLOCK thought instead of a penalty of from 20s. to £50, interference with an oyster bed should be made a felony. Boats might go and take hundreds of pounds away from it, and he did not think a fine would meet the case. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) said there was a great margin between 20s. and £50, besides which the offender had to pay the party aggrieved a sum not ex ceeding £100, as should appear to the Special Magistrate or Justices before whom such persons were convicted to be reasonable. Mr. CARR moved to strike out 20s., and insert £5. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) said a man might, without any intention, in passing over an oyster-bed with his boat, drop anchor, and possibly do a little mischief to the spawn below, for which a penalty of 20s. would be quite enough. Mr. SOLOMON said the beds would be buoyed, and so a man could not drop a kedge accidentally. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) said if a person did injury to another's property the damage could be recovered. He thought it very inexpedient to impose a large minimum fine, as often on account of that injustice was done. Magistrates would no doubt take the circumstances into consideration. Mr. CARK would then propose a minimum fine of 40s. The amendment was put in the form that the words proposed to be struck out stand part of the question, which was declared carried. Air. CARR called for a division :— Ayes, 10— The Chief Secretary, the Treasurer, the Attorney-General, Messrs. Coneer, Glyde, Rogers, Solomon, Ward, West- Erskine, and the Commissioner of Public Works (teller). Noes, 3— Messrs. Mortlock, Pearce, and Carr (teller). Majority of 7 for the Ayes. The clause was passed as printed. Clause 7. Oysters not to be caught or offered for sale during certain periods. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) moved an amendment making the close season extend over September, October, and November, which was carried, and the clause was passed as amended. Clause S. Penalty for depositing injurious matter on beds. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann), at the suggestion of Mr. Mobtlock, moved an amendment to this clause, allowing Justices to award a reasonable compensation for damage done in addition to the penalty, which was carried, and the clause was passed. Clause 10 was amended in accordance with previous alterations and passed. Clauses 11 and 12 were passed. Clause 13. Discoverers of natural oyster-beds to have exclusive right thereto for 12 months. Mr. CARR moved that 12 months be struck out, and one year inserted. Carried, and clause passed as amended. Clause 14. On second conviction permission to be forfeited. Mr. WEST-ERSKINE asked whether this applied to the pearl-oyster-beds in the Northern Territory. The ATTORNEY-GEKERAL(Hon. C. Mann) supposed it would, as he supposed pearl oysters were oysters nevertheless. Mr. CARK thought the clause too stringent. A man might commit an offence unintentionally, and yet he would be rendered incapable of holding a permission to fish for three years. He moved that 'three' be 6truck out and 'one' inserted. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon H. E. Bright) pointed out that this was only' in case of a second conviction, and if they were too lenient the effect of the Bill would be spoiled. Mr. WARD observed that in the Northern Territory beside the pearl there was another kind of oyster, a very small one about the size of a broad bean, which it certainly could not be intended that the Act should apply to. The ATTOKtfEr-GENERAL (Hon. C. Maun) said he would introduce a clause exempting the Northern Territory. On the amendment being put in the form that the word three stand, the Chairman declared that the Ayes had it. Mr. CARR called a division. Aies, 12— The Chief Secretary, the Treasurer, the Attorney - General, Messrs. Conner, Lake, Myles, Pearce, Rees, Rogers, Solomon, West Erskine, and the Commissioner of Public Works (teller). Noes, 3-MeE8rs. Mortlock, Ward, and Carr (teller). Majority of 9 for the Ayes. Passed as printed. Clauses 15 to 18 were passed as printed. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) proposed a new clause. No. 19—' This Act shall not apply to that portion of the province known as the ISortuern Territory.' Passed. The House resumed, and the consideration of the report made an Order of the Day for Thursday SUPPLY. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde), in moving that the Order for Supply be fixed for that day fortnight, said he fully expected to be able to put the Estimates on the table that day week, and n ake the financial statement that day fortnight (Hear, hear.) Mr. CONNER wished to inform the public that a! the present time there were one city member a; d 11 country members present Mr. WARD was willing to sit as long as the Go vcrnment pleased to help keep a House, but he did trust the Government would not sell the country members by presently going back to Fi ; lay sittings. (Hear, hear.) Carried. TELEGRAPHIC MESSAGES BILL. Second reading. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) said hon. members would know that telegraphic messages at the present day formed a very im portant part of business correspondence, and it was therefore of great importance that they should be available as evidence in civil actions. This measure was first passed in Queensland, and had since been adopted by some of the other colonies, and had proved very useful indeed. They were, he believed, indebted for it to the President of the Legislative Council, who saw its working in the other colonies, and brought a copy of the Bill, which, he might aay, had already undergone the ordeal of the Legis lative Council without amendment Mr. WARD did not see why the operation of the Bill should be confined to messages addressed to stations within the colony. Mr. LAKE said they could not control clerks in other colonies. Mr. WEST- ERSKINE supposed there would have to be some arrangement made with the Governments of the other colonies, as there was in the case of warrants for the arrest of prisoners. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) would be very glad to extend the provisions of the measures to telegrams bevond the colony, and he would do so if it was possible. The motion was carried and the Bill read a second time. In Committee. Clause 1. Special notices to admit telegraph messages may be given in civil actions aad suits, subject to certain provisions. Sir. WARD thought the purpose would be answered if they struck out the words ' within the said province.' As it was, the clause limited the usefulness of the measure to messages that went from one station in the colony to another Btation in the colony. Mr. CARR thought there would be danger in extending. So long as the Bill was coiifiued to the colony, if any messenger or clerk behaved improperly they could punish him, but if any clerk beyond the colony did bo they had no control over him, and therefore that was a reason why they should not extend it. Mr. WARD was not proposing to deal with tele grams sent to this colony from other colonies, but onlv With tplporamn conf fmm Yiara a$fr,CHiK .SECRETARY (Hon A. Blyth) he delivery of tKeT5Kl4 ^ ho' ?h°uld the7 Prove rould consider the matte's bi««« he promised he rith the suggestion of his hon. colle&≤ comply Mr. WARD was willing to accept that prou.^ -ut he did not think it was necessary to prove the lelivery of the message. Mr. LAKE would point out that the message -eing sent would be of very little importance inless it was delivered. Mr. WARD pointed out that the clause made the induction of a machine copy of a telegram evi lence primd facie. Mr. CARR thought the Government had done ill they could be expected to do in saying they rould consider the matter, but he was under the repression they could do nothing to carry out the riew of the hon. member for Gumeracha except by in intercolonial agreement. The ATTORNEY -GENERAL (Hon. C. Mann) -aid they could only legislate for themselves. The :lause was very stringent and he did not think it :ould be applied to the other colonies, or even to he old country. Mr. WARD was quite satisfied with the reply he Chief Secretary had given, but he hoped the Attorney-General was not going to nullify that The ATTORNEY- GENEUAL (Hon. C. Mann) wsuredthe hon. member h« would give his sugges ion very careful consideration. (Hear, hear, and a augh.) Mr. WEST-ERSKINE asked if the Attorney Jeneral would assure him he would communicate rith the Government of Victoria to Bee whether hey were willing to enter into an arrangement The ATTORNEY-GENEKAli (Hon. C. Mann) rould endeavour if it could be done to make the hing reciprocal. (Hear, hear.) Passed. Clause 2. After notice message received may be roved to have been Bent by production of message rith evidence of due receipt from Telegraph itation. Mr. CONNER asked that some provision should ie made to prevent the name of the place from rhich a telegram came being known to the public iy being written on the envelope, as he had seen he other day in the case of one from Randwiclr. 'he name was Hot in cypher. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) nought the name of the place of dispatch was inly put on in cypher. He would see to the natter. The clause was passed. Clause 3 to 6 inclusive were passed as printed. Clause 7. Penalty for wilful delivery of message £ wrong person. Mr. WARD wished to know if the Government lad taken precautions in this Bill to provide for :orrection of telegrams, as some came with words niBtaken. In a mining transaction some time igo he had received a telegram which told him to suy a ton of shares. It was 10s. that was meant is the price. The ATTORNEY-GENEI1AL (Hon. C. Mann) aid messages would all be repeated for accuracy. The clause was passed. Clauses 8 to 12 inclusive were passed as printed. Progress waa then reported, and leave given to Ht again next day. The House at 10 minutes past 7 adjourned till next day. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. The Speaker took the chair at 2 o'clock. petitminr. Mr. LAURIE presented a petition from 61 carriers and other residents of the South-Eastern District, praying that the House would make it compulsory that every one carrying passengers or Received and read. Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from 73 in habitants of Light praying that no Bill which ex cluded the Bible from Government schools should bepassed. Received. Mr. WATTS presented a petition from 171 per sons resident in Port Pirie and the Northern Areas, praying that telegraphic communication might be established between Adelaide and Port Pirie. Received and read. PAPER. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) laid on the table a return of the expenditure on construction of road between Adelaide and Port Adelaide and Adelaide and Milang. To be printed. SECRETARY TO THE GOVERNMENT RESI DENT IN THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. Mr. STEVENSON asked the Attorney-General whether the Government had appointed any person as Secretary to the Government Resident; if so, whom, and at what salary. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) said an appointment had been made. The salary would appear on the Estimates at £500. There would be no other emoluments whatever— residence or any thine else. Mr. STEVENSON asked whether the appoint ment had been given to a resident of Victoria, and was there no suitable person in the Civil Service of this colony. (Hear, hear.) The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A- Biyth) said that in this, as well as in all other appoint ments, the Government had selected the person they considered best fitted for the duties. (An hon. member — 'From Victoria?') When the vote was under consideration on the Estimates he would give the name of any officer whO3e salary might be provided. GOLD-FIELDSWARDENINTHENOBTHERN TERRITORY. Mr. CAVENAGH asked if the Government intended to appoint any member of that House as Warden in the Northern Territory. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) said the hon. member bad better give notice. It was a queer thing to ask the Government what their intentions were. Appointmenu in the Northern Territory had been applied for by a good many people in the colony, and the Government would select those persons who in their opinion were best qualified. Immediately there was an opportunity for persons to proceed to the Northern Territorn appointments would be made, and u any exception were made to them the Government would be perfectly willing to justify the steps they uad taken. ^ N£W EESERyorE. Mr SIMMS asked the Commissioner of Public Works 'if it is the intention of the Government to carry out the recommendations of Mr. Doyne in reference to the new reservoir, and will cue reservoir be fit for use this summer.'' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) said the proposed mode of dealing with this work was the usual one adopted under similar circumstances in England, and the depth of clay to be used was that approved by Messrs. Bomersham, McLean, and Stiteman, Hydraulic Engineers of London, viz., a thickness of 1 foot of good clay for every 7 or 8 feet of water in depth. The formal answer was :— ' The present works are being carried out in accordance with a contract entered into by the late Government and the present Government to carry out the recom mendation of Mr. Doyne in reference to the new reservoir, and the reservoir will be used for supply during this summer.' GERMAN POST-OFFICE ORDERS. Mr. KBICHAUFF asked the Chief Secretary 'has any reply been received from the postal authorities in London as regards the forwarding of sums of money from Germany by means of Post-Office oideiB.' The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) replied :— 'So reply has been received. The Post master-General will write again by next mail.' DUTY UPON SALAD OILS. . Mr. SOLOMON asked the Treasurer 'by what authority does the Collector of Customs collect a duty of only threepence per gallon upon salad oils.' He found by the tariff that all oils except medical oils were liable to a duty of 3d. per gallon. Salad oil was only charged 3d., and with that duty the charge only came to 2i per cent, while with kerosine it was 20 per cent, upon the cost. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) replied :- 'Under authority of the 'Tarifl Act of 1870,' in the schedule to which the duty upon oils, castor-oil in bulk, Chinese, colza, kerosine, linseed, paraffine, and all other (except medicinal and perfumed), not otherwise, is 3d. per gallon.' He understood that the reason the hon. member had in asking the question was that he thought salad oil should go under the head of oilmen's stores; but as far as he could understand, the Collector of Customs was quite right. THE NORTH-EASTERN-ROAD. Mr. WARD asked the Commissioner of Public Works— '1. Does the £179,324 lla. Id., stated to have been the cost of the construction and maintenance of the North -Eastern ?road between Adelaide and Maunum, include any moneys expended upon any of the branches of the North-Eastern-road, and if so, to what extent ? 2\. How much of the amount stated has been ex pended on construction, and how much on main tenace?' ' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. H. E. Bright) replied:—'!. The £179,321 lls. Id., stated to have been the cost of the con struction and -maintenance of the North- Eastern- road between Adelaide and Maunum, does not include any moneys expended upon any of the branches of the North ? Eastern ? road. 2. Amount expended on construction of the North Eastern-road say £115.000; do. maintenance, £64,324 lls. Id. Total. £179,324 lls. Id.' TRUST MONEY INVESTMENT BILL, i Read a third time and passed. ; NORTHERN TERRITOKY JUSTICE BILL.! Consideration of report of Committee of the whole House. Mr. CAKE asked the Government to postpone this question until a return was before the House of the cost of putting the Bill into operation. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. A. Blyth) would not ask the House to pass the second reading until Tuesday. Mr. WARD believed the proposed expenditure would be extravagant aud unnecessary, but he thought it would be better to take a vote on the second reading, when those who objected to the Bill could vote against it. Mr. TOWNSEND — When also those who thought the Bill a useful one could vote for it. He believed the hou. member would be then, as he generally was, in the minority. The report was adopted, and the third reading was made an Order of the Day for Tuesday. MARINE BOARD BILL. The report was adopted. The Standing Orders were suspended to enable the Bill to pass through its remaining stages without delay. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde), in moving the third reading, said that a rather important communication had come from the underwriters of the colony, supporting the views of the Govern ment as to the undermanning of ships, and expres sing their pleasure that they proposed to address the Home Government. That had been sent to the Governor, with some remarks of his own ; and he had every reason to believe that it would go to Lord Kimberley by to- morrow's mail. The Bill was read a third time aud passed. EDUCATION BILL. Resumed debate on second reading. Mr. CARR said that the present Ministry might be very properly termed the reflective and repro ductive Ministry, seeing that they constantly reflected the policy of the late Government; nothing seemed too small or too large for this process. The other day it was that unfortunate Oyster Bill— (laughter)— to-day it was the educa tion of the people. He could almost think that there was some degree of practical wisdom in this after all. They appeared to imitate the practice of Eastern monarchs, who often married all the wives of their deceased predecessors- (louii laughter)— m order to confirm a doubtful title to aud establish a precarious seat upon the throne. Perhaps, how ever, there was another reason for this continual adoption of measures prepared by ' Mr. Attorney General Stevenson.' It might be that the present Ministry was composed of such discordant aud heterogeneous materials that they despaired of any agreement on a policy of their own, and so adopted that of those who went before them. The mere names of the present occupants of the Treasury benches used to symbolize and even now suggest antagonism— 'Your 'if isagreat peacemaker'— but the desire for office was surely a greater. What else c-uld have brought about this felicitous union of politicians so long and so bitterly opposed to each other 1 But they were now united, and were as pleasant a sight to see as those little menageries, where dog, cat rat, and rabbit dwelt together, and were termtd a 'happy family.' (Laughter.) They were so united, and had agreed after mature consideration to bring in an Education Bill, pre pared not by themselves, nor yet to their order, but prepared by Mr. Attorney-General Steven sou. But these great dealers, wholesale and retail, in political secondhand soft goods, were not very particular either as to colour, quality, or value — (laughter)— provided the article were cheap and likely to meet the market. And they must all acknowledge that some improvement was wanted in pur system of education. (Hear, hear.) But whilst he agreed that there was a necessity for some change, he did not agree with the charges that had been so freely made against the Board of Education; for in his opinion' that Board had not failed to perform its duties. There had been no want of zeal and dili gence in the members of the Board, and the In spectors employed by them had done an amount of work which their successors under the new Bill (man for man) might equal but not exceed. The fact was the system had been starved for the want of funds and crippled for want of compulsory powers ; and then the Board was blamed because of the con sequent limited amount of success. Hewas in favour of the transfer of the power of the Board to the hands of a responsible Minister. But he thought the Board had not had fair play, and had been unjustly censured and sneered at not so much inside as outside the House. Give the Board £90,000 per annum from the Public Revenue, with grants of Crown lands and compulsory powers such as were given in this Bill to its successors, before they blamed it, otherwise any comparison would be unfair; or take it the other way, give a Minister the present pittance of £'20,000 per annum, with the same limited powers, and he would do no more than the Board had done. The present system had done good service. He granted' it was a makeshift: but it was one of the right sort -it had not fostered the multiplication of sectarian schools, and in this respect the legislation of the past aud the legislation of the future were in accord to a very great extent, more so than in any other Australian colony. Whilst the other colonies had had to revolutionize their system of education, we had only to expand and strengthen ours. He granted that the power to make education compulsory was needed ; but he did not see that necessary connection between compulsory and free or gratuitous education which so many took for granted. He thought the supposed necessary connection was one of those fallacies which only needed to be questioned in order to see their absurdity. The State compelled a man to pay taxes, and never excused him unless sufficient cause was shown. It compelled him to maintain his children and wife, and father and mother, and only helped him when his me ins failed or the burden became oppressive; and surely it might very properly compel him to perform his duly, according to his ability, in the education of hiB children. In England a small fee of Id. or 2d. per week was, and he believed still was, taken in the national schools from all parents except those who were too poor to pay anything, and for all that education was compulsory, lie thought the entire abandonment of this source of revenue was a mistake. Those who could pay the fee did not complain, and if a man was not to help to educate his own children, what was he to help to dot fareuts aid not generally object to do this now, and children were kept away from school, not to avoid payment of the fee, but because they were wanted to work at home, and sometimes because both parents and children were careless. If it were not for these causes they might and would be sent to school in the country districts, for he knew that it was a very general thing for those much abused and underpaid men, the masters of the schools, 19 say, ' Send the childrenand pay us if you can, and if not, never mind the pay ment, butsend the children to school.' (Hear, hear.) The proposed exclusion of that source of income as hi this Bill was a mistake. He would retain a fee of 2d. or 3d. per week, remitting the payment where necessary. Without a provision like this he was not 6ure public schools would be of much use to the sober and industrious poor in cities and towns where there were many city arabs or larrikins, for they all knew the proverb, as true as it was old, about the corrupting influence of evil communica tions, and some separation must, he thought be made, and if all schools were free, how would or how could they separate them? But if they had schools with a fee of 3d. per week, and free schools for those who could not pay, they would separate themselves. If no difference was made, the orderly and well-deserving poor would, he feared, be taxed for the support of public schools to which they dared cot send their own children, and would also have to pay high fees for education in private schools. He thought the House would do well to consider this question. Unfortunately for fair discussion the debate on the second reading of an important Bill was seldom taken so much upon the provisions of the Bill itself as upon some amend ments which the Ministry promised to make in it; for when a sufficient number of members seemed to want a change in its principles they imitated the well-known American candidate for Parliamentary honours — 'These are our principles, but if they do not suit they can be changed.' (A laugh.) They did this on the Northern Territory Supreme Court Bill, when, as the Hep Liter put it rather neatly, the Attorney-General performed the 'ingenious acro batic feat of turning his back on himself.' They did the same now with reference to Boards of Advice. (The Chief Secretary -'No.') They had expressed their willingness to make some change in the direction of local government, and that was the difficulty he complained of. In the Victorian Act local management was pro vided for, but in this Bill it was entirely excluded. He would like to know what course the Govern ment intended to adopt, or whether they intended to adopt a third course, and constitute the District Councils to some extent local Boards of Manage ment He thought that this might be adopted with some advantage. The fact that District Coun cillors were sometimes illiterate men was, he thought not a fatal objection to thia. (Hear, hear.) It would be if they wanted to make schoolmasters of them, but to sit on a Board of Advice for the management of a school and to teach were very different things -the one required technical knowledge, the other demanded good common sense; even in far greater things than this they recognised the same difference. He knew, or he had known, no matter which, a Minister of the Crown, of whom he would say nothing worse than tnat a very indifferent subject might sometimes furnish a good illustration for an argument He would rasp out sentence after sentence in true Sairey Gamp fashion, apparently unconscious of the fact that they had not the slightest pretension to grammatical correctness of construction- (a laugh)— but he was made a Minister of the Crown without remonstrance, and almost without remark, because the House recognised the fact that a man might be fit for a higher place who was not equal to the perform ance of the professional duties of a lower position might properly superintend and insist upon the due performance of professional work which he could not himself discharge. Surely after this they ought not to flout District Councillors as unfit to sit on a Board of Advice for educational purposes. H&gtanted; that they were not the best men they could gK:but if District Councils were so utilized he thought the ratepayers would elect superior men, in order that the higher duties might be well per formed, the supporters of the Bill might try to get away from this truth ; the Bible was excluded by this Bill from the school, it did not exclude it from the schoolroom, when there was no school inside; but a meeting of some of the scholars was not the school, for there was no school except the one conducted during the four hours specified by the Bill. He would be glad to see the present arrangement, which he thought on the whole had worked well, combined with a conscience clause, allowing any children whose parents objected to their being present to be absent when the Bible was read, so that the Protestant or Douay version might be read daily in the schools. The principal reason the Treasurer gave why they should exclude the Bible was the expected presence of some thou sands of Chinese in the Northern Territory. First he said they ought not to make these Chinese send their children to secular schools. Now he thought that was the first thing they ought to do if they had any children— (laughter)— but unfortunately they left their wives in the Flowery Land. And after a little while he went on to say, ' Returning to the suggestion he had already made, it was possible that within a short period thousands of Chinese and other Pagans might be our fellow-colonists, as of course the Northern Territory, to which a large population of that kind might at any moment come, was a part of South Australia. It was there fore better at once to say that we would have nothing to dowiththereligiouselement'— by which he meant Bible teaching or Bible reading id State schools. So the expected presence in the Northern Territory of these wifeless and childless Chinese Pagans was in the Treasurer's opinion a reason why the Christian children of this land should not read the Bible in school. This he supposed, to use his own expression, wa3 one of his 'irresistible aud logical conclusions.' And the Treasurer's finance was no better than his logic, as wa3 shown by the very jaunty and offhand way in which he said, 'If the Parliament passed the Bill, he promised to fiudthemone}'.' This promise reminded one of the speech of the friend who asked you to accept his bill for three or six months—' There is neither risk nor cost; of course he will find the money.' But it often so happened that the free and easy financier did not find the money, and his unfor tunate viciinii had to pay it themselves. Rut the Treasurer kuew very well, that he could not find £10,000 per annum in -the South Australian revenue after meeting present requirements without fresh taxation, and the House had a right to know what he intended to propose. Such a thing was never thought of in any other Legislative Assembly as to authorize a large expenditure without knowiag where the money was to come from. In the House of Commons the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being took the House into his fullest confidence, and told what he intended to do, not merely for one year, but for many years to come; and whenever they reversed this consti tutional and proper mode of procedure they were sure to go wrong. To instance a much smaller matter in which they had been misled in this way he would say if the whole cost of the Murray Bridge had been known before the order was given he fancied the money would have been saved— (Hear, hear) -at all events a great deal of time. They imported Moncrierf guns at great expense, and then refused to mount and work them because of the cost. Let them not do the same thing on a large scale in this Education Bill. It was quite feasible the country might refuse to find the money ; at all events, the Treasurer knew from what source he hoped to get his revenue— if he did not he ought to— and the House had a right to know how he expected to get the revenue which was necessary for the working of this Bill— (cheers) —and therefore he would move an amendment, which if carried would prevent the Bill passing its second reading unless the House received the infor mation it had a right to expect. He moved to strikeout all the words after 'That,' and insert ' it is inexpedient to proceed with the further con sideration of this Bill until the Government have informed the House in what way they will provide the funds required for carrying out the provisions of the Act.1' Mr. BUNDE? differed entirely from the remarks made by the last speaker respecting the conduct of the Government in introducing a Bill which the hon. member said waB prepared by the Attorney General of the previous Government If hon. members would look at that Bill, without for a moment detracting from the efforts made by the late Attorney-General, they would see that it was almost a transcript of the Victorian Act and therefore the labour bestowed on it was not very great— merely cutting out portions and suiting it to the purposes of South Australia. He congratulated the Government on having intro duced this measure, and he also congratulated the Treasurer on the way he introduced it. His Bpeech appeared to him to be worthy of the sub* ject, but although agreeing with many of its pro visions he should be reluctantly compelled to oppose the second reading unless he could induce the Government to introduce a modification to which he should hereafter allude. The Treasurer well said that when the whole governing power waa placed (as it was under our Constitution) in the hands of the masses we should give them the necessary intelligence to exercise their franchise properly, and not to be led away by unscrupulous political adventurers. A man who could read for himself had some opportunity of learning through the Press and other sources, and ascertaining both sides of the question; whereas the totally ignorant and uncultivatea were apt to blindly follow the lead of men more accomplished, but often much less honest. No thinking man of the present age but must feel great pleasure in seeing the result of education upon the masses in the old country. Education had given to them a knowledge of their power and influence, as witness the successful but temperate efforts now being made in the countries of Europe to attain for labour its just equivalent. In reading such works as J. S. Mill's the artisan and labourer found to his astonishment that out of 29,009,000 of inhabitants in the United Kingdom there were no less than 22,000,000 of the wages receiving class. What was the logical result of such a discovery? Why, that by combination, temperance, firmness, and justness in demands, the wages-receiving class were masters or the position, and the great injustice under which so many had suffered must be removed. The Trea surer also referred to education as a forcible means of preventing crime, but admitted that this was still a moot point He heartily concurred with bun in opinion that education must necessarily prevent many crimes, as it increased men's self respect, and materially added to the dignity of manhood. As bearing on this point he would read an extract from the report of the Commissioner of Education of the United States for 1S71. page 33:— ' At least SO per cent of the crime of New England is committed by those who have no education, or none sufficient to serve them a valuable purpose in life. In 1S68 2S per cent of all the prisoners in the country were unable to read or write. From 8 to 7 per cent, of the population of the United States commit 30 per cent, of all our crime, and less than one-fifth of 1 per cent is committed by those who are educated. At pages 548 and 549 he spoke as follows:— 'Careful and extensive enquiry of wardens, jailors, superintendents of houses of industry, of cor* rection, and of reformation, and of teachers and other officers of the same have fully convinced the writer that 80 per cent of the criminal population of New England have never mastered the funda mental rules of written arithmetic, nor entered on the study of geography or grammar. The great majority of our juvenile delinquents begin in reform schools, lower than this, and the same is true of the pupils in the evening schools of our adult prisons. Having reached such conclusions concerning New England, it is found that 28 per cent, of all the State prisoners of the country in 1868 were unable to read or write : that 32 per cent, of the adult prisoners of New York State were equally untaught; that 27 per cent, of those in her reformatories could not read, and that of 2,120 prisoners in Ohio 14 per cent, did not know their letters, and 67 per cent more could not read and write— a total of 81 per cent, practically altogether without education. If now the fact that the utterly-unlettered 6 per cent of the population of Massachusetts commit 31 per cent of all her crime be set over againrt the fact that of all her 14,315 criminals but 23 had enjoyed educational opportunities beyond the common school, have we not a striking illustration of the fact that ignorance is the mother of crime, and that thorough education is a rery perfect safe guard against it ? And this fact for Massachusetts is only a specimen of what is true of every New England State. From 3 to 7 per cent, of our popula tion, the wholly uneducated in Hew England and the United States, commit at least 30 per cent of all our crime, and less than one-fifth of 1 per cent ia committed by those who are edicated beyond the common school. The entirely uneducated man is nine times aB likely to be a criminal as the average of the men who have been taught, and more than one hundred times as likely to become a criminal as he who has been thoroughly educated.' That carried out his hon. friend the Treasurer's remarks upon the likelihood of education preventing crime. Those extracts spoke for themselves, and he thought they appeared to bear him out in what he had said. The next point alluded to was that of compulsory education. In this respect he should at the proper time endeavour to have the ages so reduced in the Bill as to be instead of from seven to 15 of from seven to 12, or at furthest from seven to 14. The aces were now, he thought frcm seven to 15 in the Bill. At first sight this compulsory education looked like an undue interference with the liberty of the subject; but looking a; the fact that the State stood as it were in low parentis to the children the Bill was intended to benefit, and that these same children might, if allowed to grow up in ignorance, perhapt in vice, become a dangerous element in a country when they had so much power, he felt that we were not only justified, but bound to exercise this beneficial control; for he believed, as the: Treasurer had put it, that there was no more undie interference with the liberty of the subiect in takiag a child and send ing it to school than there was in caus'ng the child tt-be vaccinated. If not done by the Government he should move to insert provisions for drill, and, where practicable, gymnastics, as in the Victorian Act. He would not inflict upon the House an address on manly sports— (laugiter)— but did most earnestly hope that the Government would do their best to enable the children to cultivate a taste for those sports that had made our forefathers manly and self-reliant. He would irge that upon the Government on another grounl He believed that as soon as the Act came into practical operation there would be a great many pirents who were at present bringing up their children somewhat hi the manner of their horBes, namelj. giving them food and lodging, and taking as much labour as possible out of them, and teaching then no more than the aborigines learnt, who would ie bitterly opposed to the Act. Their observations on the schools would be sure to have a perniciius influence on the minds rf their offspring, and they would look upon their tuition with distaste and dread; but if they found that it was a place with attractions as well as duties it would go a great way to counteract such evU influences,and the parents, seeing the children becoming atttached to the schwl, would quietly drop their opposition and acquiesce in what would be inevitable. The exercises of drill and gymnastics should be encouraged. Every child should learn how to move with a body of drilled men, and how to handle a rifle, as a man going home would find himself behind the age now who could not do that. The next question to be touchel upon was that of elementary education, and he fouud that the Government in the Bill had omitted any reference to grammar and geography, though both were in the Victorian Act Now, he considered that un questionably these, especially tht latter, would be an essential necessity. He was glad to hear it taid that this matter would be looked to. He would also like to know if utder clause 13, subdivision 1, a child weald be con sidered under efficient instruction who was at a school where no English was tiught. On this point he had received a letter fnm a respected o'einian constituent (Mr. Townstnd— 'Name.') He did hot consider he was bound t* give the name, The gentleman in his letter said;— 'The clause ' That a child is under efficient instuction in some othf r manner' would do very well if all subjects of Her Majesty in this colony wets of English descent; but this, as you are aware, is not the case. The supposed number of residents n thia colony born in Germany is about 10,1)00; a great number of them have numerous families, so ihat there are at least from 15,000 to 20.000 children in the colony of German descent' (An hon. member— 'No. ) He was only reading a letter, and ie would not vouch for the accuracy of the stateuunts made in it. The gentleman spoke as if be krew the sub ject, and if he was wrong in his numbers it did not affect the argument. 'The tenden:y of a very large number of Germans to have their children educated only in German branches is s) great that there are numerous and in some instances very large schools where no English is taught at all. I cannot say that the children are no: efficiently taught, but they learn no English, and that's just what ought to be altered. Even in this neighbour hood I find there are about 30 children tiat receive 110 English instruction, and believi if such a thing is allowed to be carried on in future our Government would act very unwiely.' He was not speaking of Germans alone ic a British community, but other nationalities as we I, and he was sure every intelligent German in the colony would like to have his children taught English. He had in his experience Been great injus.ice done in consequence of persons who had been a long time in the colony not being able to unlerstand some portions of the language. He woild read from the work he had before alluded to an extract, which bore strongly on this matter. He quoted from page 510, as follows:— 'The educational systems of Germany have a double influence upon the United States. One is their example; but '.he one of still greater magnitude lies in the fact that every year, probably for the next thirty years at least, one hundred and fifty thousand Germars will emigrate to our shores, and finally share with us the governing power. It is safe to estimate that for the next fifty years three hundred thoisand Europeans will seek our shores each year. This vast injection of foreign thought, with the diverse languages, customs, and Labits of the strangers, seems to demand, is a matter of self-pre«ervation, that the Govern ment should establish for these emigrants a system of compulsory education in the English language. At present thoee who have eiier been used to compulsory education, as on 1 he Continent, or to no education at all, a; in Iteland, are apt either to neglect to send their children to school regularly, or to send tham to parochial schools, where the English language is subordinated to other studies. The law ought to provide that all children that do not attend public schools shall make the annual examination with the scholars of the common schools in reading, spelling, and subsequently grammar and composition in the English language, and that if any pupil or pupils of private or parochial school* shall not be able to pass an equal or satisfactory examination, they shall continue in school until they can. This system will be of incalculable benefit to thoBe German children who are sent to parochial schools, where greater attention is paid to the catechism than to English. There are thousands of German youths to-day compelled to nil subordinate and menial stations because their English education was neglected in these schools. The inability to read English with fluency induces also foreign and hostile habits of thought detri mental alike to themselves and to the American Kepubhc. The time has come when this vast movement should no longer be regarded with indifference, but guided by sound statesmanship.' Those were words of wisdom, and he considered it would be necessary at the proper time to insert an amendment so as to make the necessary educa tion an English one. He had not quite made up hiB mind with respect to the propriety of granting lands as provided in the 20th clause, as hon. members knew bit convictions on this question. But it might perhaps interest the House to know to what extent the United States had gone in thia respect. The total grant made by them was 70,783.361 acres, as follows :-Common schools. 67,983.923; Universities, 1,119.440; Agricultural and Mechanical Colleges, 1,680,000. With respect to the cost, he did not at all feel the alarm or anxiety expressed by his hon. colleague. (Hear, hear.) Even thougn it should amount to one eighth of our revenue, he would say, let them have that one-eighth, for it was not a large proportion for any country to pay for the education of its young. He had made an extract of the amounts paid by some of the States of America, and he touched upon America, as he thought her case most nearly resembled our own. The tax in Iowa was £578,493, with a population of 1,191,802; in Massachusetts, it was £1,154,765, the population being 1,457,352; in New Jersey, it was .£464,030. with population 90S.132; and in Ehode Island, £104,166. with 217.000 of a popula tion. He had said in his opening remarks that he should be compelled to oppose the second readiug unless he could get a provision inserted that did not appear in the BilL He had stated to his con stituents that he should support having the Bible read in schools, as otherwise it seemed to him the teacher would have no hold on the consciences of the children; but that he should allow no children to be present whose parents objected. He fully concurred with the Treasurer when he said that this Bill did not prohibit the Bible being read before or after school hours. Nevertheless, it to all intents and purposes left the question of whether it should be read at all in the hands of the teacher, and not in those of the parents. Besides, the teacher would fulfil his duty by simply giving the secular instruction, as provided by clause 11; and as the Bill now stood, a teacher would be bound to say that he would not place himself in a false position by reading the Bible in school. A provision should be inserted that on receiving a requisition by a given number of parents of the children attending a school, it should be part of the duty of the master to attend, say half an hour before the time appointed for secular instruction, and read portions of Scripture without comment to such children only whose parents wished it That was done in the Collegiate School here, where children whose patents desired it were sent half an hour earlier for paryers. If the Bill contained the provision he had pointed out it would have his hearty support; but under present circumstances as it stood it would be prohibitive of Bible- reading altogether, He would go for the second reading, and disagreed utterly with much that had been Baid and written on this vexed question; but the reason that induced him to pledge himself to the course already alluded to, and that still weighed much in his mind, was that without some religious feeling implanted in a child's mind, what hold had the teacher on his conscience. Take a case— SuppoBe there were two boys at school, and one stole something fiom the other, and to add to that told a falsehood, and not one, but a dozen. The purely secular teacher said to him, ' You have com mitted a great sin; you have broken God's com mandment as well as injured your neighbours.'1 W hat could the boy understand by that ? It would be unintelligible jargon to him. What would his enquiies be but 'What is sin? who is God?' for he had never been taught these things, and there was no obtaining a moral influence without this knowledge. People talked about religious instruc tion being given by religious teachers; but then very many who were brought to these schools would be children who had had no such advantages. It was no matter of sentiment at all. He believed in the conscientiousness of those who supported the secular system, and he asked on his part that he would be credited with equal conscientiousness. He felt we were engaged in one of the noblest works we had yet undertaken. There was nothing which could be of more importance than rendering the rising generation capable and worthy of taking upon themselves the duties of citizenship in this great country, maintaining its free institutions, and guarding its privileges and reputation. They would, indeed, be cuipable to longer delay doing their duty in this respect, and should the Bill be carried without the provision mentioned— and he understood it would be carried by a large majority —having discharged his duty in voting against it, the Government would receive no further oppo sition from him, but such assistance as he could give to make it aB perfect as possible in Committee. (Applauie.) Mr. LAKE did not know whether or not he should say that he would support the Bill. If it could be shown that the provisions of the Bill could be carried out he might support it, as he was in favour of some of its leading principles. But he was afraid that the provisions in the Bill would not be capable of being carried out more than those of the present Act. There were several very good clauses in the last Education Act, and amongst them one which was to be found in the Bill for the foundation of normal schools. There was much good that could have been done if the Government bad shown some means by which funds could have been raised for the purpose, and he considered that the Government should have shown that there was more likelihood of the pro visions of the measure being carried out than those of the present Act, and should not ask the House to pass the Bill first and then be shown where the money was to be raised. It was the duty of the Treasurer, partly at least, to indicate how he intended to raise the money. If that was not done the House would have no guarantee how the means of carrying out the Act could be arrived at at all. (Hear, hear.) He could not see by the Bill how we were to get more schools than we had at the present time while the present Act gave every power of acqui ring them all over the country within the settled districts. This Bill gave power, he saw, to pur chase schools in the settled districts; but he denied that there was any power given to acquire schools outside them. The only clause alluding to it, which was the compulsory clause, provided that there should be schools in certain cases; but it left all the power of saying where they should be in the hands of the Governor. So that the country depended upon what the Governor in his wisdom or prejudice micht decide. That was quite a false position in which to be placed. The Government in the skeleton Bill, as it had been truly characterized by the Chief Secretary, was in effect throwing the responsibilities of the Minister of Education on the shoulders of the Governor. So that no one would know what was being done till it was accomplished, and than the House would have no right to question whether he had done right or wrong. It was so with reference to the compulsory clause, as the Governor in Council was to have the right to say where it should come into operation. He did not wish to give a factious opposition to the Bill. (Hear, hear.) He intended as far as he could to support it ; but he desired that it should be shown that the measure would do more from an educational point of view than at present seemed to be shown. There was no guarantee what number of scholars or what pro portion of the population would be educated under this Bill. On this point he thought the House had a right to an explanation from the Treasurer. The Treasurer shook his head, and he had no doubt they on that side of the House would also be allowed to shake theirs, lie did it because he thought they had no right to the information, and they because they thought that they ought to insist A good deal would be said about the effect of secular education as it had been adopted in other parts of the world and as to its working well ; but he denied that the Chief Secretary or any one else would say what could be the result of the education that wa3 now being given in the State schools throughout Britain and Victoria. There was no reason why education in secular schools should not be carried out well : but the result would not be tested before the next generation. He liked secular education because it gave liberty to persons to learn what they liked; but he thought the same liberty should be given to the Protestants or any other class to read the Bible because they liked it He would be one of. those who would vote against a clause which compelled anyone to read the Bible; but they had no more right to say that the Bible should not be read than they had to say that it should be read. He did not believe in denomina tional teaching at all ; and if they dirl not provide for Bible-reading in the schools, he thought it would foster 1 utside denominational teaching. If the Bible could not be read in schools, the children would be thrown outside on the mercy of those denominations to whom their parents belonged. He said therefore that if they considered it worth while to study the Bible it should be read in schools for the sake of check ing denominational teaching. If it were desirable to do a thing at all it were desirable to do it well— (Hear, hear)- and if everybody were to be taxed for the purposes of education the Government should see that everybody did his duty with regard to his children. He was in favour of compulsory educa tion, and as every other was also it would be unwise to take up time upon that point As to elementary teaching, he considered that it was only necessary to teach the elements, as if a man had genius he could, if taugnt the three B s, edu cate himself up to any standard. But he took a higher view-and he trusted a mora and national view -of Bible-reading m schools. Eng and would not be the nation she was but for her Bible reading and professed principles. A good deal had been skid about the dissensions in reference to WhlMeadine in England ; but the question had not ^whffi&^«h^1b^^h«^'»*« denominational teaching should be imparted. But hprp that uueation did not arise, as the Lnurcn was Sot oonnS with the State. If the Bible did harm to any member of the community he would exclude it ; but would the Koman Catholics say it had done harm, would the Dissenting Churches jay it had dose harm, would the Established Church say the Bible had done harm? (Mr. Duncan— 'Which is the Established Church?' and cheers) Would any Church, would any re Lffious people, would the Jews say the Bible had dane any wrong? If not, what right had they to exclude it at all. Why not extend to it the Bame privilege that they extended to any other book? fis waa certain that there would not be the same objection to the Bible being read in schools as **! now shown if the facts were quietly considered ar*.1 people voted according to their consciences. He felt that the political position of England must be materially altered during the next 20 or 30 years now that they had abandoned Bible-reading in schools. The KomanCatholics, who had been a most persecuted people, were partly a political people, and they were now armed with a political power that must make its way, especially now that the Protestants did not have the Bible read in their schools. He felt that Bible-reading was a matter of honour, and if we as a British people abandoned the Bible the honour which was due to ns as a people would have lost its foundation, and the superstructure would fall at once. He felt that human nature was not to be depended upon, and unless a man got bis principlea from the Bible he was generally to be bought at a price, and would not be able to stand in the day of great temptation. He was sorry that he could not support the whole of the provisions of the Bill. If he moved any amendment it would be with the view of doing the greatest ?good to the greatest number. (Cheers.) Mr. SMITH would support the second reading— not because he thought the Bill a perfect measure, but he believed that in Cjmuiittee it could be shaped in such a way as to make it thoroughly workable: and he believed that with the amend ments which were necessary it would be appre ciated by nine-tenths of the population of the colony. When he entered the House he came in unpledged tOBupport compulsory education. His colleague gave that pledge, but he would not do so, as he saw very many difficulties in the way. This Bill to a considerable extent removed, the difficulty, because it provided that the children need not come, except from within a radius of two miles. If education were to be compulsory, it must also be free; and he thought it would be unfair for the Government to go to the expense of educating the children without compelling them to go to school. He agreed with those who thought it was the duty of parents to educate their children; but there were unnatural parents who forgot to eduaftte, their children, and he thought it was the duly.of the State to step in and educate them, It had Leea well said that ignorance was the mother of crime ; and the fact that there were such a large number of children in the colony who were imperfectly educated proved that it was high time to remove the evil. He was grieved to hear the remarks of some hon. members, who said they would oppose the Bill on religious grounds. The cry, 'The Bible is in danger,' reminded him of the time when the cry was, ' The Church is iu danger.' Well might those who came here say that this was a land of churcheB and chapels, and it was because the voluntary system had been adopted, and had worked well. The statistics of Victoria showed that those Churches in that colony which received no aid from the Government fund were paying their ministers better, and building, better chapels and churches than those which ac cepted aid— (Hear, hear)— and the children of those who attended these places of worship were better educated and more intelligent than those who at tended churches which received support from the Government He had no fear of the Bible being in danger. (Hear, hear.) It was a mere shadow not worth fighting for. When they saw the evils that existed, and saw this bugbear standing in the way of the accomplishment of the great boon of a free system of education, he thought it waB a pity that the cry should have been raised. He could not go with the principle contained in the proviso to the llth clause. Me quite agreed with those who thought that the proviso would allow denomina tional religion to be taught because it rested in a great measure with the teacher whether Bible reading should be carried on or not He would suggest that before the secular duties commenced half an hour should be devoted to Bible-reading without note or comment. To read the Scrip tures after school hours would be, he thought, futile, unless the disposition and nature of boys had altered materially since he was a boy, for the boys were always anxious to get to their play immediately school hours were over. He thought the maximum age at which children could be compelled to go to school— 15 years— fixed in the 13th clause was too high. (Hear, hear.) What would the Govern ment do with boys under that age who were apprenticed? Must their indentures ue cancelled! He thought the provision in the 20th clause for putting aside waste lands of the Crown was a very good one. (Hear, hear.) Whatever objection might be raised to the expense of the educational system, he thought that in the course of years the income derivable from these lands would go a great way to meet educational expenses. (Hear, hear.) He must say, in passing, that the present Education Act deserved better at their hands than some members thought. When they considered the amount at its disposal it had succeeded wonderfully, and he thought that a higher average of intelligence existed among the children than in the Bister colonies. He believed, however, anew one was required, and he was glad that the Government were grappling with this difficult question, and he would be glad to assist them all he could in making the Bill workable. We had led the van in many movements— Keal Pro perty reform, religious liberty, and other questions —and although we were a little behind with regard to education, he believed we would yet lead the van in the movement. Although we could not come up to the siBter colony in wealth, we could pride ourselves upon that great characteristic of true national greatness— the intelligent freedom of the people. Mr. SOLOMON had been induced to second the amendment of Mr. Carr, not because he disliked the measure before the House, but because he deemed it imperatively necessary to have some information about the ways and means for carrying out the Bill. (The Treasurer— ?'Premature.') He did net think that a request made by the House should be called premature. The question had been raised, what proportion of the children in this colony were uneducated, and whether iiw.OQO, or anything like that Bum, would be necessary to give an education to those not now educated. It was said that there were only one- fifth of the children of the colony educated up to the standard of this Bill, and it was proposed to give them 120 days' education during the year. He listened with great pleasure to the statistics given by Mr. Krichaulf, and he showed conclusively that if the persons who paid for the education of their children still paid, and did not take advantage of the Bill, the children who were educated at Government expense would cost some £7 per head. (Hear, hear.) Should they not, to use Dr. Frank lin's phraseology, be paying too dear for their whistle if they adopted a system that would give such an average? The notion was preposterous. The Bill intended to provide schools in all parts of the colony, and whether attended largely or not they would be a great charge on the revenue. Mr. Lake wished to know, in reference to the exclusion of the Bible from schools, what the Catholics, Jews, and members of other creeds would Hay. In this respect he quite agreed with the principles propounded in the Bill before them-that educa cation should be free, compulsory, und non sectarian. If Bible-reaiiiug were enforced the Catholics would say they were unfairly taxed to teach a portion of tlie community that Bible which they did not believe in. (Mr. Lake— 'Hear, hear.') He thought they could net rid of the difficulty in a way indicated by flir. Suiitli-by striking out a few words in the 12ui line, and thus Eroviding that the children might attend ata certain cur in the morning before the ordinary education commenced to listen to Bible- ieadinir; parents then would Hot send their children unless they approved of it He thought it would meet the dif ficulty if they provided that every master and mistress should read from a Board on the walls the Ten Commandments. Neither Catholics, Greeks, JewB, nor auy one else would object to that These Commandments were the fundamental portion of Divine truth: they could not be improved upon, and the consciences of no portion of the community could object to them. They must instil into the minds of the young a sense of right and wrong, a sense of the duty they owed to God and their fellow - men, and while every section of the community would contribute towards the Bill in the event of its passing there was no section who could possibly find fault with the provision he suggested. Before he was returned to the House this last time he propounded this view for the first time to one of the largest meetings held in Adelaide, in whicfi two-thiidB of the people were Catholics, and it was cheered from one end of the room to the other The Treasurer said they would object; but he could say, from having spoken to a number of well-educated Catholics, that they would not. He thought the Chief Secretary would find that the majority of the House wished that in his reply he should state where the Government intended to get the funds from to carry the Bill out. (Mr. Conner— 'No.') He for one was anxious he should do so. A great cry had been made, and letters had been received no doubt by other hon. members calling upon them to avoid the curse which would visit the colony if the Bible were excluded from the schools. If the Bible was to be made a class-book he was prepared to take the consequences of its not being read, because he believed it would offend a large portion of tfc com munity. What he proposed could not c&f; nd any one, and he did not think any curse wo^ld visit the country if it were carried out. He fearea that, some very good men would be led away by their zeal for the Bible to adopt a course which wouU'. be injurious to some portion of their fellow colonists. The Catholics had a Bible of their cam. which there could be no reu3on why they shjeuid not be allowed to read, and he held thai no majority, or minority even, Bhould try to tifcust down the throats of others what they aid not believe. (Hear, hear.) He thoroughly .-igreed iu the principles of the Bill, and should vj\« tor the. second reading provided the Chief _3ecrbfc.vry Bave. some indication as to the way In which be proposed to cover the expense of brj.ugin^ the system into effect. Mr. CONNER had studied the Bill very closely, but should not troub)',. the House with argument* which had been ofron reiterated ai to reidins tha 