I MISCELLANEOUS. The voluntary principle is rather rough on elergymen of ritualistic pro- . clivities .out here* because it makes con gregations so confoundedly independent I when they hold the purse-strings. If | the parson does not please a member of his flock, away goes theobstinate mntton to another church, and away goes a portion-of the parson's stipend with him. Ti_ ? ' J __! ? Ul~ i _ ? :i. ? ? ill. ub very uepiorauie m witness me humiliating shifts to which some poor clergymen are reduced,, and after all they generally come off only second best. : A few weeks ago one of our Brisbane clergymen was asked to bury a three-, weeks old baby, belonging to a member of his congregation, and, to his horror,, he discovered that the baby had not been christened. Although born only a few yards from the parsonage, the rev. gentleman had quite forgotten to step over and perform the operation while the baby waB aliVe, and the nurse had omitted to -pronounce the right words when she washed it each morning, otherwise this wohlct have done, as the parson very truly admitted — after it was too late. -But nobody had christened it, and so the clergyman had to confess, with a sorrowful heart, that he dare not bury that baby. A few hours : after wards the same clergyman was called upon to bury another baby which had been christened by somebody, and with joyful heart he hasten to the bereaved parents of the unchristened one to in form them that if they brought the little | corpse to the graveyard at the same time j that the other funeral was taking place, j and kept it close to the coffin of tbe christened baby, he thought he {Could 1 manage to cheat the Prince of Darkness by reading over them both at the same time. Could . anything have been kinder or more cosiderate ? But I am sorry to say that this kindness was not reciprocated. The bereaved parents indignantly refused to admit that their dead infant required to be admitted to con secrated ground by a ' dodge' such as was suggested^ so they got another parson to bury it, and the conscientious ritualist has lost five contributions to the. offertory, every Sunday; in consequence. Bohemian' in the Courier. , Tasmania is- becoming regarded as the sanatorium of Australia for those whose constitution cannot stand the hot, dry 'winds of the, Sontjiern colonies, or the , anoister ? heatjsf N prthernJ Queerjsla'fidr' Every year tfie ntimfcer of visitors whose means allow them a chance in the sum iner months, to the bracing climate of Tasmania ife incieasing. The people of i Hobart Town, towever, are accused of j doing their best to, put a stop, to this j source of profit t» them, by the exorbi tant Ohaig«-mate for accommodation. The Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator states : — ' The exo dus to Tasmania continues, although the weather this .summer cannot be regarded as oppressive. The Tasma niijfis, however, too true to themselves, -'i not to the host interests of their z^OUntiy' are 'piling up the agony* very [ Considerably npoh their luckless viotims. A ia%, vmte8 as follows about her late experiences « Wben we came over the steamer was -cramiped/ fore and aft, and ngon our arrival there was, of course, a demand for lffiginpg. I took a ramble ronnd looking ^^accommodation, and at .last fonn4 t^or small rooms, in a small brick' cottage N»t Battery Point, and was asked £9 9s. 5er week for plain board and the use of the two rooms for three persons 1 I began to think that if I had to pay sUch an extravagant, charge, I might as well please myself as to the locality, pnd *0 I took a turn round Sandy Bay way- - But this was out of the pan inio the fire, for there I was asked £20 per week (tyfor the use of four rooms* and board for four per sons. I had just made up my mind to T T . v pitch a tent on the top of Knock Lofty, or at the foot of Mount Wellington, when I met an old friend, who recom mended me to a 'new chuni' Couple, Who haV6 not yet fallen into the ways of the inhabitants in the imposition busi ness. They took in three of us for ££ 10s. per week; Onr first cab cost Us 8s. per hour, and tily Ghristmas present to my grandchild cost me 7s. 6d., though when I got home I found that the shop price marked on it was only 4s. Of course such a state of things disgusts: the visitor, and every one has some Complaint to make. The Tasmanians are very unwise for themselves to treat strangers in this watering-place style.'1 A Ghost in the Station. — Few posi tions in. life can be imagined more dis agreeable than that of being imprisoned in a haunted cell in a police station. The Nem Orleans Titn.es tells a most un pleasant story of a ghost-infested cell in ' the Fourth Precinct police station ini that city. It appears that several years ago a little old woman' named Ann Murphy committed suicide by hanging herself in. this cell, and since that. event no 'fewer tnan lo persons shut up in the ' the cell, have attempted to destroy 1 themselves- in a similar manner, four of ' those attempts being attended with fatal results. One of those lately cut down before life was extinct was a girl named Mary Taylor, who on recovering con sciousness declared that while lying on, the floor of the cell she was aroused by a little old white woman, dressed in a faded ; calico dress 'with brown jeans and josey,' no stockings, and down trodden . slippers, with a faded handker chief tied round her head. Her faded dress waB bound with a sort of reddish brown tape, and her hand was long, faded, ahej' wrinkled, 'while on the fourth finger of her left hand was a plain thin gold ring. ' This little woman,' said .the girl, ' beckoned me to get ap, and impelled me by some mysterious power to tear my dress into strips, place one end of a strip round my neck, and tie the other to tbe bars. I lifted my feet from the floor and fell. I thought I was choking, a thousand lights^ seemed to* flash before my eyes, .and I forgot all ^tn til I found myself in the room with the doctors and police bending over me. It was not nntil then I really comprehended what I had done, and was I believe, under a kind of trance or influence at the time, j0v6r whiah I had no control.' Mary Taylor had never heard of the* suicide of Ann Murphy, whose ap-' pearance, according to the police, exactly tallied with the, description given by the girl. Others having complained in like manner„of_the ghostly occupant of the cell, the police tp test the real facts of the case, placed a night lodger who had but just arrived in the city in this cheerful apartment.; Being thoroughly tired and .worn out, he fell asleep imme diately, but shortly afterwards rushed into the ropm in a .state of terrible alarm. : He, .too, had been visited by the little old woman, and wisely declined to sleep another night in the station. Thbiftiness Fab Noeth. — The cus tomers of a cooper in the Highlands caused him a great deal of vexation by their saving habits and persistence in getting all their tubs and casks repaired, buying but very little new work. ' I stood it long enough, however,' said hie, *' until one: day old M'Cawbrie brought in an old bunghole, to which he said he wanted a new barrel made. Then I quitted the North in disgust.' A bather good yarn is recounted of Mr. Lowe, the Chancellor of the Ex chequer, who was recently met by a patronising colonist at home — -possibly one he may have defended for cattle stealing on this side of the globe. Our friend went to the chancellor and said : — ' Ah J how do you do Mr. Lowe ? You and I were once very good friends at Sydney,' ' Very likely,' was the reply, ' and when next we meet there doubtless we will be. very good friends again.' A South Australian Government tele gram received from Port Darwin on the 10th instant, is published in the S. M. Herald. It states that Clelland and party have just returned from Daley River per boat. They ascended over 100 miles, and they describe it as being finer than the Adelaide. It was 200 yards : at the highest .point they reached, and navigable for small vessels; The country is considered the finest yet seen. A Port Darwin telegram, dated the 8th instant, reports that a Victorian digger arrfved there with 22 oUnpes of gold, all alluvial. A later telegram states that the 22 ounces of alluvial gold contain lumps varying from 15 to 25 pennyweights. The man who produces it states that he obtained it close to Priscilla reef, aud that he sold several extra ounces for rations; ? A MIld Plain woman -was prevented from attending the funeral of her sister by the non-arrival in time of a lace hand t kerchief from New York. The brutality of the express company is severely com mented on by the neighbours He Wouldn't Dbink Wine. — That was a noble youth who, on being urged to take wine at the table of a famous states man in Washington, ha-T the moral cou rage to refuse. He was a poor young man, just beginning the struggle of life. He brought letters to the great statesman who kindly invited him home to dinner. | ' Not take a glass of wine 1 ' said the great statesman, in wonderment and surprise. . *' Not a single glass of wine ?' echoed the statesman's beautiful and fas cinating wife, as she arose, glass in hand, and . with a grace that would have charmed an pnehorite, endeavoured to press it upon him. ' No,' said the heroic youth resolutely, gently repelling the proffered glass. What a picture of moral gran deur was that ? A poor, friendless youth refusing wine at the table of a wealthy and famous statesman, even though offered by the fair hands of a beautiful lady. ' No,' said the noble young ~ matt) and his voice trembled a little and his cheek flushed. ' I never drink wine, but — (here he straightened himself up and his words grew firmer) — if you have got a little good old rye : whisky, I don't mind trying a snifter.' A Highlander's Heaven. — ' I know what sort of Heaven you'd be wantin' !' shouted an earnest Highland minister much esteemed in his present locality, into the ears of an apathetic Congrega tion to Whotti he had delivered-, without any apparent effect, a vivid and impres sive* address on the glory of Heaven. ' t know what sort of heaven you'd pe wantin'. You'd ne Wantin* that all the seas would pe hot water ; that all the rivers would pe rivers of whiskey ; and that all the bills and mountains would pe loaves o' shugar I That's the sort of heaven you'd be wantin' 1 Moreover,' he added, warming to his work, ' you'd pe wantin' that all the corn-stooks would pe pipe-staples and tobaccos^ and snee shin', that's the sort of heaven you'd pe wantin' 1' The congregation enjoyed the notion amazingly, and talked of the long journey with, considerable pleasure all the Sunday aften ' Td& Nomadic correspondent of the Northern Argus gives some valuable hints to persons who are about entering on the construction of dams for the storage of- water on runs' or farms. He jays : — naviug uuriMg my very lengxny colonial career ^seen a good deal of well c sinking and dam making in the Riverine 1 district, and parts adjacent, I propose to * give those interested the benefit of what I have observed relative to these impor- 1 tant classes of station improvements. To 1 squatters who are about to construct i dams on a large scale of from £2000 to £5000 per dam, I would simply say, call in science to your aid, and employ the best hydraulic engineer that is to be had, and don't stand nice about paying a few hundred pounds to a competent man, you will find that it saveB yon thousands in the future. Had a really competent .hydraulic engineer been originally em ployed in the construction of the Sheffield dam in- the mother country, see what a vast amount would have been saved. To those of our bucolic friends who contem plate dam making on a small scale of from £200 to £500, the following hints may be of use, as it would scarcely pay to have the advice of a thorough engineer for such small works. One of the first things to be attended to is the site for a dam, a good site is half the battle. The next thing is : the shape of the dam. As the arc or segment of a circle in the form of a bridge for instance, is infinitely stronger tnan a scraignc une, ine torm 01 tne dam should be curved, if a wide one the elliptical curve, oriike an egg cut long titndinally in two. The convex side .should always be up stream. The next great point is to h^veja proper founda tion, and for this purpose all loose earth should be dug away till you come to the bed rock, or a stratum of clay imper vious to water. Without this precau tion the best constructed dam will be literally not worth a d — n, and won't stand the first flood. Then the bottom course of the dam to the height of 6 or 8 feet should be made of puddle clay well rammed home, after that of earth taken out of the body of the creek, and this may be done so judiciously as to form an excellent watering place for stock. Dobbins are very useful in helping to consolidate the loose earth, but I would strongly recommend the using of a very heavy roller. Of course your dam will gradually slope narrower until you get it the height you want it. Leave the top wide enouglriio form a 1 bridge in flood time and above all things don't forget to have a proper byewash constructed to carry off all superflnous water in heavy rains, and thus render your dam thoroughly secure. To add to its security sow both sides with the seeds of grasses 'recommended by bota nists for that purpose; 1 hope these few hints will be of sefvice to flock masters. There are two things in the world that are not safe to trifle with— a woman's opinions and the business end of a wasp. ' Hold your tongue there with them feet' said a Gympie policeman in Court j t'other day. Old Greenland. — It was dotibted at one time whether Old Greenland itself was not a oreation of Scandinavian romance: But the actual remains of the colony havfe been brought to light, and modern dis coveries have verified the ancient disorip tions of the country, its climate, and pro ducts Besides the foundations and walls of houses, now overgrown with dwarf! willows and scurvy grass, large churches and portions of graveyards have bren found in the situations mentioned in tbe ancient Icelandic records. In one plain j once a meadow, but now overgrown with dandelions and juniper bush, many frag ments of coarse bell-metal, ports of church bells, were picked up by the natives and hoarded as specimens of gold; Runio inscriptions have been found as far north as. the Woman Islands in lat; 72 deg. I 53 min., abd the most recent expeditions have confirmed the existence of all the natural landmarks mentioned by the Chronicles. — ' Legends of Old America' in the Cornhill Magazine. A New Planet. — Mr. j. R. Hind has recently called attention^ through tbe medium of the Times, to tbe exis tence -of certain round, black, and sharply defined spots upon the sun's disc, which traverse it more rapidly than the ordinary solar spots, and lead astronomers to infer J that one or more planetary bodies are j revolving round tbe sun) within the orbit of Mercury. These, according to the theory of M. Le Verrier, based upon an Unexplained motion in the planers apsides, constitute a zon^ of asteroidal bodies within it. Tbe appearance of thfese spots, at various intervals, has, on some occasions, been ascribed rather to comets tbaa planetary bodies, bnt Mr. Hind has only been able to discover one instanoe wherein these appears any ground for a prediction which might possibly lead to the recovery of one object to which the observations relate; He thinks it possible that an unknown planet exists, at no great dis tance from tbe sun, which from observa tions by Dr. Lescarbault, at Org&res;, in Frauce, on March 26, 1859, and by Mn Lummis, at Manchester, on Match 20, 1862, and data founded by M. Le Verrier upon gie observations ef Dr. Lescarbault, would^appear to have a revolution of 19 81 days, thus bringing us back, by aserieB of 57 revolutions from March 26, 1859, to * October 9, 1819, when Canon Stark observed on tbe solar disc, a black, well defined, unclear spot, quite circular in form, and as large as Mercury, which had} however, disappeared at 4 37 p.m., and could not be subsequently discerned. Mr. Hind ti&lculates;, on the assumption that the observation of Canon Stark and Dr* Lescerbaut relates to the same object, mat tne .next appearance ot the hypo thetical planet should be at about 13.0 a.m. on the 27th March, 1873- and suggests that during the whole of that day a very close watch be kept upon tb'4 sun's disc.— Nautical Maguzine. Rossrai's Recipe fob Composing Aw Overture. — ' Wait till the evening before the first performance ; nothing excites inspiration like necessity and the s gbt of a manager tearing hip hair.' ' In my time,' adds the great S^tposer, ' Italian managers were bald at thirty.' Legal Question. — A jury was brought into court in order that one of their number might be instructed upon the following point of law: — 'If I believe that th4 evidence_wss one way, and the b^her eleven believe different, does that iustifv anv -ther jurymen in knocking me- down vith a chair The judge answex$d in general terms. Poetic Associations — A young lady who has just returned from Europe id vises her friends not to go there ' unless you are sure that you know enough to appreciate the beauties of Europe: It lends such a charm to Italy to re meoiber that among these groves of olives the immortal Beethoven sculptured the Medicean Venus and Shakspeare composed the sublime poem of 1 Paradise Lost.' ' — American paper . 