Tales and Sketches. A HORRIBLE DREAM REALISED. A TEtEdORAP'II srTs STORY. "Ann must you really go away and re main all night in that nasty old box of yours, and learo your Little Rosebud, as you call her, all alone here, to imagine all sorts of horrid things happening to her poor old boy ? Couldn't you stay at home just for this one night ? " "Couldn't possibly do it, my love," said I, struggling into my greatcoat, and pos sessing myself at the same time of my big driving-glove', which my little wife was absently trying to fit on her own little hands. "Not if I very much wished it Willie? Do you know I felt so strange and lonely last night when you were away, that I could hardly make up iy mind to go to bed at all, and tonight I can scarcely bear the thought that you should be so long absent. You know what a timid, foolish little thing I am." Her arm quietly stole around me, and she looked lup to my fare with a wisatful, anxious look, while a tear stood glistening in the corners of her sweet blue eyes. "Wthy, you wee goose," said I, kissing away the bright token of her earnestness, " what has put such alsurd thoughts into that wise little noddle of yours? Are you afraid that the fairies will waylay tme and spirit me away to their elfin land ? If they do, I shall tell them that I have left a fairy at home, and not even the blandishments of the queen herself shall tempt me into their uneanny country. But seriously, Maggie, there is nothing to be alarmed about. I shall be home by seven o'clock, at the latest; but since you are so earnest, I will call at father's as I pass, and send up my brother Bob to keep you company and stay in the house all night. Will that content you, little wo mttan ? " "No; don't do that; it would look foolish, and Bob would only laugh at me when he came. Ile does not understand me. I think no one else does understand me-except you, dear Will." "Thank you, Ming.; I think I do under. stand you. But here comes the gig; so good-bye, and don't fret for the short time I am away, I shall he back long before you have done dreaming." So saying, I mounted the gig and drove rapidly along the frozen road. But Imy wife lingered by the porch, following me with her eyes; and so long as the house was in sight, I could, on look. hack, see her white dress shimmering ghost. like in the light which streamed through the open door. At the time of whicll I swrite I was tele. graph superintendent on the Wilton and r Longbank line of railway. One of the s clerics, who was on night duty, had been ° taken suddenly ill, and being unable to h find a suitable substitute, I had taken his work myself until such time as he should recover. I had only been married a few months, and was by to means reconciled to the necessity of leaving my wife and 0 home to pass the night in that "nasty old , box," as inag, called it-and she was per fctly, correct in her drteription,. JIut I knew that it was a necessity, and I knew likewise that no grumbling of mine could mend the matter. A drive of eight miles brought me to my post. There was nothing very extra as ordinary in the duty to which I had been to called away, nor was it any new experience to tme; but on that night my mind was filled with vague, indefinable fears, for h which I tried in vain to account. The , night was clear and windless, and away in 1e the north-western sky the aurora borealis le was flitting to and fro in a thousand me strange, fiantastic shapes. As I watched te the shifting and quivering gleams, now e shooting in rapid succession from one li Iminous ccntre, and anon spreading and rolling wave after wave across the starry d heavens, I began to think of the disastrous omens of war, plague and famine, which a in olden times men drew from such sights. Somewhat of the same emotion I felt in r. my own mind, and reason as I would, I felt it impossible to shake off the growing a sense of uneasiness and gloom which had d taken possession of me. On entering the a telegraph sthtion, the clerk whom I had p come to relieve was ready to depart. " You won't have much work to-night, sir," said he. " The instruments are.quite unworkable; no signals have been received for the last three hours. Good-night." o When I was left alone I found that it was as he had said, The electric currents, which are developed in the atmosphere e during most meteorological changes, had rendered the wires quite useless; and al e though the needles swayed ceaselessly backwards and forwards, they made no sign n which the wisdom of man could interpret. a Seeing t!at my office was a sinecure, I drew my chair to the stove, and taking down a book which I saw on shelf, I tried to interest myself in the story. The vol. tme which I had discovered was Jane Eyrc; and although, since that time, I have read, with tears and laughter, it nnd the other works which came from the same true and loving pen, yet on that night the spell of her who is so powerful to awaken our interest and enlist our sympathy-who has given us Black Rochester, and the noble Shirley, and gentle Mary IIonme; r who chronicled with no unkindly hand the vagaries of the three eccentrico curates; and won our hearts for Professor Eimman nel Carl Paul-had no power to quiet my wild, wandering thoughts. While I was turning over listlessly the leaves the still ness was startled by the sharp, quick clang. a ing of the electric hell, the usual signal to prepare to read off a message. With a shiver of alarm I turned quickly to the in. strument, but soon perceived that that bell had been rung by no earthly power, fosr the vibrating needles made no Intelli. gible sign, and I knew that the sound had been produced by a current of atmospheric electricity acting upon the wires. Smiling at the nervousness which caused me to start at so ordinary an occurrence, I turned from my desk, and again sat down by the fire. But smile as I would, and reason as I might, I felt that I was fast succumbing to vague foundationless fears. Thinking that the atmosphere of the room, which I felt close and hot, might have something to do with my peculiar condi. tion of mind, I flung open the door and stepped outside, in the hope that the cooa air might scare away the phantoms of ; brain. As I crossed the threshol", the midnight express crashed past wit', a speed and force which shook every t mber of the building, and uttering a 'vud shriek, dis-. appeared into the tunan', at the end of the steep gradient, on- tb' summit of which my station was pla.':d. When it had gone there was a sa.i;ness, stillness broken-if I can call i' broken-only by the peculiar slghtlg of the air passing along the wires, wacch is heard even in the calmnest of nights. I stood and listened to thestrange, melancholy, Jdolian-harp-like sound, now so faint as to be almost inaubible, and anon swelling into a wild low wailing. I looked up, and saw Orion and the Pleiades,. and thought how often on nights, not long ago, when I watched for Maggie in the wood, I had gazed up through the tall, sombre pines, and watched their trembling fires. From that my mind reverted to the earnestness with which my wife had asked me to remain at home that night, and the unusual pensiveness of her manner when she bade me good-bye. What could be the meaning of it all? As a general rule, I had a most profound dis belief in omens, presentiments, and all sorts of superstition; but in spite of it, I felt that I would have given a good deal, at that time, to be transported just for one minute to my home, to see whether all.was well there. I might have called up my assistant, who, lodged in a farm-bouse not far distant, and gone home; but, as I could give no good reason for going away, I resolved to stay were I was, and get through the night as best I could. "If this goes on,"said I to myself, as I turned inside again, and poked up the coals with rather more noise and vigour than was absolutely necessary-" if this goes on much longer, I shall have to consult a doctor, that's plain ; " for I knew that the causeless apprehensions which I experienced were often only the symptom of an unsound state of bodily health. 1 filled my pipe and lit it, but the weed had lost its usual tranquilizing power. As the wreaths curled slowly upwards, I saw my wife's lace looking at me tearfully as when I had left her. Again the bell rang sharply; but, as before, no intelligible sign was made by the needles. I leaned my elbows on the desk, and with my headt between my hands, watched their unending motions. An hour might have passed thus,, when once more I was startled by the clang of the bell. This time it was louder anti more urgent, and, it seemed to me, though perhaps I may err there, with a peculiar unearthly sound, such as I had never heard before. I am utterly unable to tell in what manner the impression was pro duced, but it seemed as if there mingled with the metallic ring the tone ofa human voice-and it was the voice of one I knew. The needles, I now observed, began to make signs which I understood; and slowly, as if some novice were working the instrsument, tile letters " o-o.n-ec" were sigunlled. No sooner had I read off the final "e," than, to mly anmazement and ter ror, I distinctly saw the handle of my in strmuent, although I was not touchiig it at the timue, as if grasped by some invisible hand, move rapidly and make the signat " undterstood," whieb the receiver of a mena-. sage traosmits at the end of every word. (To be Continuedl.), Printed and ptblilahed by REvYNoLDs & o0 85 Elizaboth street northt Melbournao, j, 