CONFIRMATION AT ST. MARY'S, IPFBWICIH. (COnRunCATEn.) The Right Rev. Dr. Quinn conferred the Sacrament of Confirmation in the above-named church, on Sun day,Nov. 2, on 344 Pubjects,manyofwhomweresadults. Those who came from Helidon, Gatton, Loidley, Grmndrheoter, Alfred, Rosewood, Walloon, Pine Msountoin, Ooodna, Bedbank, Redbank Plains, Peak Mountain, Purea Creek, Bundanha, and other distant localities took lodgings in town during the week, that they might be able to attend the course of instruction given by the Rev. Andrew Horan as a special prepa ration to receive the esacrament worthily. Many rode in every morning over distances of twenty miles, and went back again in the evening. The Bishop, who was in exnellent health, arrived from Toowoomba about the middle of the week, and assisted in hearing con feasions daily until last muss on Sunday. After 11 o'clock each night numbers were still around the two confessionals, but had to return home unheard till next day. Thie total number of communiconts, on Satnurday and Sunday, was considerably over 700 of all ages. At an early hour on Sunday morning the small paddock adjoining the church began to be alive with horses covered with sweat and dust, and numbers of people from afar off were eagerly waiting for the doors to be opened. Many, faihulg to receive communion in the morning, were obliged to remain fasting until their return to their distant hlomes after midday mass. Seven adults, wioe had been for some time under in. struction, were received into the Church, three of whom were confirmed with the rest. About two hoursa before the time appointed for the ceremony people began to arrive in eueh numbers that it was deemed udvisable to lock the church doors to prevent ocercrowding; and long before the hour fixed more of all creeds than would have filled the church seven times had assembled on the grounds. At half-past 2 o'clock the Bishop, followed by the candidates for confirmation, entered the aisle by the sacristy door for the purpose of making the following pledgeo of temperance and total abstinence: "We, the undersigned, declare that it is our intention, with CGod's help, not to drink spirituous liquors of any kind inside a public-house, nor to usm intoxicating drinks, viz., whiskey, rum, brandy, te., &e.;, either in a public-house or elsewhere; moreover, to observe moderation in the useof spirituous liquors in our own and our neighboure' houses." Also, the following pledge of total abstinence: "I, the undereigned, de. clare it to be my fixed determination, with the Divine assistance, not to taste spirituous drinks of any kind until I shall have completed my twenty-fifth year, or for sach longer period as I may specify after my names." When all had made these promises they took their olaces in front of the largealter, which had been tastefully decorated by tise Sisters of Mercy: the hove on the right and the girls on the left side. The doors were then opened, and every available inch of elsace was quickly filled to suffocation ; scarcely a sixth of those present could get within the doors. Before administering confirmotion the Bishop preached an instruetire discourse which was addressed chiefly to the children about to receive that saerament. In the course of his observations he said: " My dear children, after so many montbe of preparation for this hIappy moment you st last find yourselves before the altar of the Most High to consummate that delightful vision which for so long you have beheld only at a distance. That stamp or character whibch can never be effaced will be to-day indelibly imprinted on your souls. It will always remain on them either for your greater honour and glory or for your greater torment and ignominy, according to the good or bad use you make of the gifts of God. That spiritual mark will be an eternal source of boundleaes joy or a never.endiug source of the most excruciatingtorments. By baptism you were freed from original sin, hby it you renounoced the devil with all his works and pomps, by it you became members of Christ, and acquired a right to His kinudom. To-day you are going to receivre another Sacrament which will enable you to fight more successfully against the enemies who seek to deprive you of that gloriouse inheritance. You must bhenceforward be true soldosers of Him, confessing Him before men, and be, if necessary, ready to die for His sake. He, your master, is present everywhere, but we cannot see Him with corporeal eyes. He is not like the sir you breathe, nor like light and darknessra a succession ofehangesanorlikeheatand cold. He is always sthe ebsme. He is everywhere. He requires you to adore and serve Him at all times end in all places. Because; as St. Augustine, the immortal Bishop of Hippe, so well and wisely remarks, 'He who created you without you own co'operation cannot save you without your own co-operation.' Thefreorco.operate with His graces by avoiding evil and doing good. His merey you hlave always experienced. Pray lest you ever fall under His justice, for He is essentially just and has fixed a limit to the offences and years of each one. Some may be called to an aecount after the first outrage, some after one hundred, some after one thousand; but certain it is that each and everyone will have to give his and her account sooner or later. None will escape it. Ten years may be the period fied for some, twenty for others, thirty for more, and perhaps one hundred for a few, but not one can esosape for ever without appearing to be weighed if the balance. Prey therefore that you umlay so live as to merit the rewards of faithful soldiers. Be on yeaour guard against bad examples which daily brings so many souls to eternal misery---andsounls which like your own wear the hadge, as it were, of their profession. I shall briefly touch on two fruitful sources of vice. These are drankenness and swearing. The pledges against intemperance, which you all, boys and girles, have just taken is a strong guarantee that you will endeavour to savoid that demon--drink--which de stroys the imageand likeness of God on sq many souls, and reduces ito votaries to the level of the brute. I am well aware that strong drinks are a punishment and not a pleasure to colonial children. Still you may see a great deal of it in your own families. If you do not grow up intemperate the bad example may cause you to commit other sins which will sever you from Jesus Christ, and de prive you of the happiness of seeing Him face to face. Laetly, I say, avoid swearing. You are going to be enrolled under the banner of Him who says, "Do not swear at all, either by heaven or by earth; let youi speech be yssl yee! nol nol" Thatis, let itbe simple and truthful. There is no need that your words beaooompanied by an oath or acurse. Beseech the Holy Ghost, whose seven gifts you are going to reeeive, to remove these and all other bad examples from your eight and hearing. Offer up a fervent prayer for your parents, who have done so much for you ; ask God to make them such as they ought to be, so that they may lead you to heaven by word and example. Pray also for the souls in purgatory, for they too are members of the Church lhke you. It is a holy and a wholesome thought tosek that they may be forgiven their sine. Pray likewise for those be lieving in the same God as you, but who belong to a Ohuroh of which faith tells you that you can never become members. Pray for all those, I say, that they as well as you may meet one day around the throne of the Lamb to enjoy the glories of her for ever and ever. Amen. After the Bishop had concluded, the boys first and then the girls came to the altar rails, where thesy were confrmed. Along with their own names, nearly all of them took the bcherished names of Patrick, Mary, Bridget, or Joseph, showing that, although mostly Australian burn, they are indebted for their faith to the "Island of Saints." The ceremony was brought to an end by the benediction. The entire proceedings lasted three hours, and up to the very last moment the desire to enter seemed as great as at the commence ment of the service. 