THE NOVELIST. T.l?x TALIONIS. .^XITKB SWAN. [One, .flEW* columns of smoiie irom fneighbourhood of Bittles Creek t when; f frosty air was buoyant; when the sun ut viercing the misty curtain of the river 1 f"d tearing it to raw, and sending them away Tone knew whither: when the white Lhed house itself struck out violent con to turf and tree, Bittles sat in his ,riour He was a greedy man, and reckoned < he a success in those cruel days, by the .stofall judgeB, the convicts, who called £ "More Bittles" and .Systematically ,lve8 a my from the Bittles Station. Bittles leared more sheep than his neighbours, he ?rook more Jamaica rum, Le swore more.* id if religious exercises had been a squatting obition be would have prayed more. The .(?jour of Bittles had the seyejre neatness of convict's cell. It was harshly plain, and if wigkt be allowed the expression, harshly though, unlike the approved idea, it was rfrom godliness. The only sign of human eakness or strength in the severe room was black bottle. This was not only a contrast; Kit & trophy, not eawiibh of the powere Bittles as of Bittles s >' constitution . - T grim memento, so to speak Utofliw1" parlour: He was a powerful jrivrnMe1?.1 ^mest friend could not lan'-, i im 4 handsome. He owned that K phjS force which a big frame est^ws, that * I an evil look ; and yet: ltties,"r!.o that cave the expression. Look e ^ifshor/brown hair, his strongly guV ace and his bright eyes, one would a ^iled' him good-looking and then lw? There As strength and power where but there was a certain want £ described. It might have been Hip constantly dilating nostril or the month required some expression to monTne them more, but it was (an imper SandThe want was hidden. TWb was Bittles. While" writing Jn his iriow this crisp morning a meek, thin man, »ho rubbed his palms softly, together, told tkt Stanley was outside. iiOh be is, is he?" asked the squatter, ?.i.finr his nostrils and pulling his brow? igether. "Send him in. In the parti-coloured dress of convictism, th the manner and bearing of convictism, th the slight stoop of convictism, and with i snllenrvess, with its mystery of the past <d present, with its calloused forsakenness, aJey.caroe quietly to the dopr. There was ie probability of goodness in his eyes, but he 1 the hard faoe, flanged upper lip, and m mouth of convictism. jittles was folding up a piece of paper, Inch he slowly addressed without raising ihead. He continued writing while speak lake thiB to the station. I'll teach you Eipline. Toh shall bend, Bir, or by --" he stopped, and smiled unpleasantly, as ting the punishment of men like Stanley is not worth wasting an oath over, even jm his extensive repertoire. Opening the iper he .read it again, and refolded it with Hareful neatness. The convicfs face whitened. He roused r a moment to individuality, and flung a Hriftlootat-the speaker; there was a rapid posing of the big hands, and the callous look mebadk. I was going 4» say," said Bittles smoothly, Mle scratching hie nose with the folded essage, " that if I cannot bend I'll break h. Now, take.this to the magistrate at the ation," "All rigH,'" s*id Stanley, looking steadily hismaster "an order to get me flogged, I ippoee. All right!" The hardness of the ne, the gleam of the eyes, the white face, id the steady'lipe .that closed upon the sen ace like .a fate, accompanied Mr. Bittles irough many a bright day, and visited him iring many a long night But Bittles was rot to say he defied the devil. Moreover, ! drank rum. The station was net feve.miles away, and econwot walked out with a demeanour to rtuch calmneBS gave -dignity. But for his ?! face, and the diy <brulliance of the eyes be seen in fever, it would have, appeared at the <*UouflnesB -of convictism was tri nphant. "Howdid.thatrow with Blazes end, BillT* _WMed a fellow labourer as the man was ?Ming the last paddock. He was a queer development of humanity, with a shifting ?wk and a scared face-one of; those old ?rod bare tilings that carries a wasted life Mut as a bewildering puzzle. There was _. "6 and brokenness, unrelieved by any hope, expressed in his , leathern face ?5T® hut for his mouth and regular Kz ^ 8hut ^th the snap of a strong " A8 W said, Joe." ?wH.jP6-'1 lash. Vou ain't die Kd ^ .^y maW a lon8 clxalk. 'm lv!m f ^^carludge o' mine caught it. ^tfl wwMt.- The parson lone » eove w°t lost, all his sheep was asked to cuas God an* die. tooer «' w' h,! 8^d, in a solemn am t *. didn t come. off. Here I ?®'ttrae n^W^' Bible ?Wn'^ ^08t twreo flocks Ktme"? 8°tthe catovery-timet look J wAnkled hands fall .U"5 burthen of his poor. But, never qjind, ole Joe. "^awerit., ' [id bring ?ookMiuv M -W « agaip," iThfs£«i0Me'sidWfif. tawe^dB. 'n^J>'mon8Bfc1.treea an(* trim Rca fnrT* here was not a stone out of ira\asa>«' Bggmed anti ifc »MSifanfSoiht ; climked . brawny legs, .w reiwg W?yr p,versee^s ,wfio eteli&i;!»' g the sun and God's earth far out and beyond the vicious station's breath. "A note, sir; from Mr. Bittles, sir," The bull-necked magistrate yawned round upon.the.sofa where lie was. reading, and held out his thick fingers for the paper. It did not contain much. "Dear Bumpter,-The man Stanley has been veiy insolent. He is a dangerous con vict.; Give hitn 50. Yours, &c.;, "r>c , , "JOHN BiratES. \- PtS.-I will send the rum to-morrow." " Go for the doctor," said Bumpter to the man in -waiting, "and tell Figs he is wanted." Figs had a wooden face,- such as a figure-' head would wear that had survived a. colli sion, it.was dinted at..intervals, and sugges tive of strange experiences. He came in mechanically, with his long bare arms hang ing passively behind him, and his hands vacantly opem "Get the cat,.Figs; there's a man to be flogged/' .. "When,'Sir? Now, sir?" "Yes, .we'll get it over at once. Tell'Black Jack to go for the men." When the doctor.heard who. the culprit was -he thought for a moment, and with something like a Bigli of regret walked BloWly to the yard. Many a sigh had been uttered in the wretched place before. , His, probably, was the first not horn of bitterness or prompted by despair. In the merry sun ;that would not be disci Elined, in the glare of red , wooden walls eneath the pleasant sky, where was a look out upon sunny lauds, brilliant flowers, and the holiness of peaceful nature in beauty and in joy, stood in contrast a tortured dray. Its iron stanchions were-warped,tand its body wry with wear. It owned one big, broad tyted wheel, that was strong and cruel looking. Stanley was stripped, and tied to it; His white, gleamiug flesh was bared to the Bky and the sun. Strong cords sank into his wrists. His strong muscles stood out in ridges. The strong, shapely form contrasted with the strong wheel that had been worn to a polish by the rubbing and writhing of many men. Circling round were the convicts, from whom all feeling had long since fled. And in the strange unemotional silence,; in the looks which fell upon the officers now and again, in the lowering, reckless longing for some likely chance or circumstance, there lurked terrible possibilities. Figs's long arm rose and felL . . There was not a movement of the hands or feet, no perceptible movement. of the head; nothing to De seen in front but eyes with the dry gleam of fever in them, looking from a white face above a high wheel .upon the merry sunshine and the free green hills. The doctor stepped forward, and placed his fingers carelessly on Stanley's pulse, while the.flogger paused to breathe. , ' : "Loose him, Figs; he has had enough." "What?" said Bumpter, coming forward in apoplectic indignation. "The fellow has only had 20 lashes. I counted every Qne ; every one, Bir. I'll take my oath it was only 20," and he looked round to the sullen faces in appeal There was dogged silence, not even the clank of a fetter. " I am here, Mr. Bumpter, as a profes sional man. I know my duty. Unloose him, Figs. Besides," he added, approaching.the magistrate and speaking in a lower tone, " this is irregular. There has been no inves tigation. Follow me in," he continued peremptorily to Stanley, who was Btanding stripped and passive, but for his dead white face and his eyes; and movelessly, but for his creeping flesh. The man walked slowly in. . * ; When the doctor closed the door of his room, he turned sharply upon the convict, with a look of commiseration npon his face. " How came this about, Stanley?" Stanley returned for an answer a per ceptible quiver of his lip and a faint " God bless you, sir.' " But-r" " Well, sir, Bittles was drunk last night, and he struck me." "And you?' " I told him what I thought of him, sir. You know the history of my sister, sir. It's an old grievance ?" The wound was dressed and- the man re clothed before the doctor poured out a glass of rum. Stanley watched him with intense longing, and took it with painful eagerness. "I beg pardon, sir," he stammered, "but I feel " "Drink, man; drink. You can stay all night." " Must I go back, sir ?" "Stanley," returned the doctor earnestly, " you did me a service once, but I could not wlthdrawrrott-from-Bittles'. j&fttion; just now to save my life !" ~ "Never mind, sir. God bless you all the same!" He spoke in a huskv voice, and then sat down upon a chair ana sobbed in a hard, dry way that was a pitiable parody on tears. That afternoon the convict rolled old Joe's bullet in Bittles' note, which he had obtained, and sewed them in the lining of his clothes. The country round was searched, the thick, bewildering scrub was penetrated, the wild, lonely spots among the hills were visited, and tangled solitudes of which were Wild stories were scoured. and watched, but neither Cheny-liill station nor Bittles' home stead saw Bill Stanley any more. When Moystford beard that Marrowfat station had changed owners, Moystford hummed like a hive of bees. Marrowfat station was park land, it was freehold, it had breezy hills, undulating pastures, and sudden giimpHBH of beauty that made it a universal envy. For years the proprietor of Moystford had. been a Union Club man. .The shearer of, 65,000, sheep was a person ofmaxk, and fitted to mix with Australian knighthood. He .got up hunts, he entertained gallant companies, and it was said, at the Moystford hotel that " the Guv'nor once stopped there a week, an' shot no end o' quails.1 This was a reflected glory to the township, and it was but natural therefore that Moystford should hum and perturb itself about the sale. - So thorough was the feeling "that the resident polioe magistrate speculated on the change Over ll glasseB of toddy, and awoke in the morning to, find his pipe >beneath his hack (tnd >no trace of , candle. , Then again the t>oondkeeper'Q map, who tailed cattle and was all nobblers and " long sleeves" (as they were sportively, (termed) of colonial afe were, as a loc^dutv. iftevoured with the new purchaser, 1 nhall be understood when 1 say that loc^auty.uavoureu wiui iuoucw uuxvutwc,., I arnll be understood when 1 say that Moystford. wpa shaken to its centre. .But, when the Btpady-going place that calmly oranjc iteelf tojvams repose every suuny day, ^Treeledlionw.nQiBUy before a Btatuesaue policeman eveiy wetone,Jieard thatthp ney. t»ropn6tor, |w^. 'a^ to Jiuild a stone, ^{^O^mth'$Mi^~xodmand smoking, room and ar^bi^w"jan( ' * ! iMm . fighte, begat of the exhili flaraog prospect caused by & probable rise *£¥«?£« ^o^ The Moystford Guardian o2m»L» several vigorous leading on. squatting enterorise and -the Potion of the wool industry. A ^l86 800n rose above the trees, and ^"d^ul.arro«ailtly upon the quiet town KxVi.r ? ®8 W6re current of the furniture. "?7_tbe servants that were coming: silver R"4? ®Qd a waggon load of new books were n&iS81;^ th? wonders. The crest of John ® Esq., ft was Baid, was a lion on its the schoolmaster translated i*iJ?eneaJk *ke rampant monarch in a tre& and triumphant manner. ' , Hitherto _ Moystford had been in the naoic o£ giving dances, but there was never one m the 'town, or near the town, that was considered complete if Miss Dickson was "°t present. Her "calm,' proud face and grey eyes made her a wonder-a wonder that trie chivalry of Moystford .never tiried or contemplating. Little Midgely, the son: of the sauatter at the other side of the creek, had bfeen known to pun off his tight panta loons. (which had been to the tailor's.twice to !w b'gh disgust wheti he learned that Miss Dickson wasn't going." He always attended dances in jockey boots and tights, and it. was confidently reported that' a correct idea of the havoc which Miss Dickson was making with liis affections .was to be gauged by the increasing tightness of his breeches. Already two'pairs of 'pantaloons ha<i been ta,ken in to uselessness, and he hurig them his bedroom to look at the last Jr^^ng. before * going to sleep. Harry Betiley, the Marrojtrfat orerseer, had been a constant visitor at Dickson'is farm. He had blue eyes and crisp yellow hair; he bad a brother in the army, and the funniest of smiles. This was all Moystford gossip had to say. Moystford worshipped Miss Dickson, and drank lier health nightly, and was'proud to see her royal figure and'bhUiant face m its sleepy street. hit iv Te about in the fulness of time that Mr. _Bittles not only gave a cheque for £5 to the local race fund, but intimated hisinten tion of being present at the ball to be held at blttfne s Hotel on the evening of the race day. This condescension thrilled the township, and the^e was such a flutter amongst the folded silks and put-away jewellery as was never known before. Even matrons shook out their dresses and looked up fragments of lace w?th a tremor.. Mr. Bittles led off the dance with Stiss Dickson, and Moystford hummed again. The squatter was soon tb be seen constantly cantering over to Dickson's farm on his black thoroughbred to ask advice concerning some cultivation paddocks he was cropping; and having insisted that the opinions there tendered to him- in the big shingled house, where the roses yere profuse and prodigal of perfume-were of inestimable value, he sought to make a return. He hinted of liis gratitude importuningly, and would not be denied. So one bright forenoon in August, on the twentieth birthday of Sarah Ann Dickson', a gift of a buggy and a pair of diminutive ponies swished up to the door. There was glittering harness on the fretting Timore, and the deep rich'paint1 of the soft seated little carriage bravely flashed back the sun, MoyBtford's Cinderella was found at last,. There were drivings over to'the big house and back again, and what wonder if the farmer's stately daughter dreamt all day, and aU night, too, of the chairs and pictures and gilding, and the many strange things that wealth can offer to luxury ? One day Bittles and Dickson took a short cut across the home paddock, by way of the ford, to see mysterious excellences in freshly imported merinoes,and Miss Dicksonthought she stood alone among the flowers on the verandah. There was the soft violet odour of rest and wealth around her; there was drowsy peace among clinging plants strug gling up burthened with incense and many coloured petals; there was the sun filtering through the trellis upon her, striking up gleams of colour by the paths it went, and fall ing upon a pale face in the shadows behind. "Miss Dickson,"said the overseer, crossing to a patch of shade beside her, "is the Moyst ford report true? They say beyond there tliat you're engaged to be married to him." He spoke with a miserable attempt at self possession, .and he smiled the ghost of the sunny smile she knew so welL She answered by polling a trumpet blossom unsteadily and saying,." Who?" |'The presenter of that buggy, the owner of this big house, the rich squatter who made his moneyGod knows how, the Worn- out He stopped, for he was speaking hoarsely. "And," said she, with slight change in her magnificent face, " suppose the report is true, Mr. Benley ?" He -aceadiod- lumsplf .for an instant in the silence that followed the low queBt putting down a wildness that was rising. There was just a moment of stillness before he replied, but in that moment the threads of sun spinning between .them, the soft flutterings of the leaves and -of the flowers, were photographed on the minds of both. "I put away from- me, Miss Dickson," he said, beginning bravely, " all that has passed. 1 put away from mp tot&lly; the cheerlessness of my future. I turn from the fact for the present, as far as 1 am concerned, of how sorrowful a thing a stranded life is, and how dreary it will be to live through years when one has nothing to hope for or live for. Many a man before me has looked out bravely for near a lifetime on the same low horizon and hid his heart away but for your sake. Never think of me at all Hewaveahis hand impetuously from him, as waving himself utterly from the consideration. " Don't marry that man. I know him to be mean and coarse. I knqw him to be a selfish sot: but, ^bove all, J know him to be cruel,. If there wasever,between us that which you said once, and which I bury no^v, do think that this pile of stones And ? the gew- gaws within will give you poor consolation in the misery that must come-that must come. Marry akind-hearted, faithful man-not me, Sarah, I don't plead tpr myself; I plead with your ambition for you. Go to someg6od man's cottage and makfe yout hpme there, and God bless you and him, and prosper yob, and keep you in peace and happiness, i He looked up to her ^uiet race find turned away, for he felt tears poming. "You should not speak so,of yopr master." i True, her voice was nfccbrtain, and there was just a perceptible quiveron her lips, but Jhe cruel words cut him like a blade:, They lust hare risen to heir, , the' moment they frere spoken, as unfeeling and. bitterly un kind. He strode away, witfinis handshangihg listlessly beside him, and with & vacant Wr is though attack by ka blow.; Shfe' s&whiB;' tell, strong figure moving in a plaintive way among the snrubbery. Bae cataght from the expression of the whole ttah-^jqiressed in aimleBB . fralk-how ctral .fibe ' hftd b&ri;, and _ the house, and, its influence, and possession, and the prospect of whirling pleasures to come, and the whole life that | would be hers to conjure by the inighty powerof pnrse, all failed, like the trumpery thing it all was, before the solid happiness of the strong presence that had left her, and the sunny smile that had vanished. Her, tears dimmed out the prospect she had hoped for, and she struck them bom her eyes to see Benley a little longer, and watch for another glimpse of the figure that was passingaway behind the repeating curtains of foliage. " Oh, come back" There was an inexpressible yearning in her full voice, but it never reached him. She ran to the end of the verandah, carried there by her sense of loss, by very fear of the hopes she had allowed to grow and strengthen; by her repentance and. great contrition; but the fluttering leaves barred her sight, they trembled and flashed back varying colours, but there was no, other movement.of thefoli&ge-its; green had eddied, finally upon him. Instead, she saw her , father .being, playfully patted on, the shoulder by Mr. Bittles, and heard Mr. Bittles' coarse laugh. And they were married, and there was - great rejoicing at- Moystford. Poor little Midgely sought relief in ardent spirits, and Buffered remorse and headaches. He melodra matically cursed the fickleness of woqaen in his own room, and took to, wearing trovers. , And. the mystery of the new life with its splendid belongings, the worldly worships and respect of it, the refinement' and the pleasuring of it, was entered upon. Bat in six months there was no place in all the world so dear to Sarah Ann Bittles as. the shingled house beyond, and the humble but prodigal roses that gave it colour and shade. There were two men waiting near the tea-tree that made broken fringes along Rum mall's Creek. They were waiting-wait ing apparently on nothing, but they had the look of. waiting, and there was no possibility of mistaking that. They watched and listened silently. They had watched for two days these men, and that, too, .with a hungry intentness that had dogged determination in it.: They were not hungry, for there were plenty of provisions near, but they had a wolfish restlesslook, and when they peered out their wild faces were unpleasant to look at. With strange patience and persistence -the patience and persistence of wild ani mals-they sat for hours without speaking, taking in the stretching ridges of park land that ran in undulating spans over the fertile acres of the Marrowfat estate. They saw no thing butbeauty, but their lowering ^ceanever lighted to the light. They were not as men who had lost anything, but as men who knew that their want-their hungry want whatever it was, would come at last. And it came to them, preluded by the rolling regular sounds of a horse's feet strongly beating the turf, and sounding soon into the distinct long pace of Mr. Bittles' black thoroughbred. The men rose and stood out upon the clear land to watch the rider. One of them put a heavy twisted hand above his eyes, and drew up his heavy compressed lip into an expression of intense expectation. For a while he stood as still as the trunk of the mimosa tree not 10 yards off, and then laughed silently. : " It's he, Dick." "Are you sure?" " Sure as hell. He is come atlast. Fortune isn't going to bilk us this turn." The speaker uttered a sigh of satisfaction over his words, as the fullness of a reward long hoped for. " Hi, sir," he cried, wearing the slouching, humble air of broken convictism. " What is it ?" said Bittles, pulling up with a jerk. " What do you want, you fellows-a feed, and a night's lodging, and no work, eh? I know your loafing games." " This time, sir," said Bill Stanley solemnly, as he approached the rider, " we do want work," and patting the impatient horse's neck he quietly let his hand fall on the rein as his companion slouched humbly to the other side and kept his hand close to the stirrup. " We want work, sir," Stanley went on, "and have got characters. There's mine." He handed to the squatter a piece of ragged paper. "That's my character, sir; would you read it, please?" Reaching for the missive, Bittles said, " I want washers. You fellows can go to the men's hut. I give the regular wages; you know what that is ?" " Yes, sir; we know. But read that paper first, sir. ItH show you what I am, and who I am, and what you are. It's the strangest character you ever saw." The man's voice now struck harshly on the rider, for there was a quick vindictiveness. in the pronunciation of the words that gave him a remote idea of danger; but his thoughts were wholly engrossed by the mys terious paper which the speaker held out with a trembling hand. Mr. Bittles recog ; nised his writing with a start, and his bloated face ~Eecam« .pallid. . Fear strangled back any presence of mind thut might have been his, else, he would have sent his spurs desperately at the ribs of his chafing horse; but he sat terrified for a time, and his chance was lost "Now.you've got my character. That man's name there is Dick Brown; that's his character. That is another curio, Mr. Bittles. It's the bullet I chawed when I was flogged. Didn't I bite deep-look at it-eh ? Didn't I now, come? I do bite deep, and so does my mate here. He can't show you curios with out stripping. Poor fellow, he only knows, does Dick, that it was you who had the stripes put on, and we both wanted to see you. We've been waiting days; eh, Dick ?" Dick's .hand still rested close to the foot and stirrup-iron of the horseman. ; The heavy face of Bittles changed into womness. The.assurance of careless bullyism fled so quickly before the fear that came tjiat the overtaken man grew abject as though there was no generous strength be neath in the proud horse waiting tor the sudden call. : " Any money you want," spoke Bittles, sinkingly, " I'll give you, men. Ask. Don't be afraid. I'll give ; I ?will indeed," ? "I Want no money," shouted Stanley fiercely. " My sister, whom you swore you would matry long ago, is dead. She died in hunger, an'rags, an'drink, d'ye hear-died that way; my sister, whom you promised so much to. We are hereto 'cat' you on that tree; that's what brought us 50 miles «nd more: and Aow we will do it, though we should die for it to-morrow." j A faint return of that self-reliance that Was Bittles' once came, back, and he tried to give Ms horse the spur. He succeeded on Stanley's side, but Brpwn was watching. A jerk, and the iron flew from beneath the rider's'foot, while the/horse reared madly, , draggingStanleyand liis whit? face with him. . the strong grip oitne other convict closed on itiie squatter's . ankle,, «nd his strong arm fcrked himfromhi^ seat; ."Let go tl^e hQss, Bill.Tl , thesf isunctl and kicl oot waa voice <cul6d out tho words so £ OTgJlt ^ave ljeen hea^d wav Afr rnnr. nmaf mu. Ho, ho!" Ian Brown» as the poor it wretch rose to oatca the leathern stow " there's a better flogging noryoathought oir Bill. His bones 11 be sore. . Theregoea-Mbrfr Bittles on his last ride." The shoucer wm frenzied with excitement. Bittle# rose- once ,, more, but the shod hoof of the borse struck him bade, and he lay prone and .limp over. . patches of rocky stones over the rivers ford, . where the big bouldoos were-, thsough>theopen> > gates of the home paddock, and up- the smooth carriage drive among theflowers, ? back to his borne again, steaming in warm,.; blood, bat with little semblance of humanity -. ill his crushed trunk, with none in< his brokea> ? face. , Moystford said that poor Bittles feU at - one of the fences he used to jump thehorf® over, and a coroner's jury , corroborate Moystford. 1 One lonely da; long alter, .the-/young;,! widow read a respectful letter from- JHkny Benley, asking her to have forwarded to hiu&i;, ? a portfolio. he had left behind on his hurried , departure'' for a neighbouring settlement* " It is, not for the value of it," the writer said. '' The poor ragged thing is valueless^ . all but me. It will remind me of the part and the shingled homestead at the fatmj" Mrs. Bittles looked at the leather case there lying before her, and wrote in reply that she would rather give it to- him her- ! self. And he came. 