ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. The English mails arrived in due course on Friday, and are principally descriptive of the life, death, and funeral of the late Emperor of the French Extracts from them are given in another place. WOOL. Late telegrams announce that the staple commodity of the colony has suffered a considerable decline, and, we regret to say, without any indications of a recuperative character, the fact being that operations are very limited, owing to the strikes, now universal, in every branch of manufactures, especially those requiring steam power for their development, the price of Wallsend having risen to 52s. per ton, or one hundred and fifty per cent. Not that there is a diminution of the coal beds, but that the colliers have stood out, and that comparatively a limited class, they hold in their hands a power the exercise of which paralyses all other industries Strikes have unfortunately become part of the sacred rites of industrial religion, having a peculiar sanctity about them, which places them even beyond the reach of car. case. The only satisfactory feature is, that on ballots being taken, it appears that the wishes of the great majority of the men out on them clearly shew, that the many are under the control of the few. It was hoped that the woollen trade would have escaped the consequences of such anti-social combinations, but such is not the case. buyers are shy, and, with diminished stocks, the price of the raw material has a downward tendency. SHIPPING. The only vessel on the berth at London for Fremantle was the Ivy. The Caroline Hutchings put back to Deal on the 19th January with loss of an anchor and chain slipped during a gale off Dungeness. The Palestine was off Dart- mouth Jan. 15. PEARL AND TOKTOISE8HELLS. The European Mail reports 398 casks, 14 cases, 23 bags, Fremantle, sold ; good t fine selected bold clean at fill 10s. to 132 12s. 6d.; ditto mixed and medium, £10 12s. 6d. to £11 5s.; medium, £10 7s. 6d.; worthy, £6 10s. to £8 2s. 6d.; fine clean small and chicken, £12 to 43. Six cases of tortoiseshell (Sydney) were bought in at 35s ; one lot sold at 25s. The prices of wool are lower. Since the opening of the present series of sales 25,000 bales have been disposed of, and 1,000 withdrawn, the latter chiefly Vic- _ torian greasy sorts. Buyers are open- "*" ing cautiously. Mr. Schwartz, in his circular, reports that the result of the sales is more unfavorable than had been expected. Australian washed and scoured kinds have fallen from 10d. to 2d. per lb. lower than the closing rates in December ; while greasy sorts have receded from 2d. to 4d. below the prices that ruled last February. We are favored by Messrs. Farrelly & Co. with the following extract from Behn Meyer & Co., Singapore:-"Our market for sandalwood is very favorable now, the demand is very active, and prices have advanced. The last supplies per Macquarie have been sold at $3 20s. to $3 44s per picul, according to quality,, and the same prices are offered for new arrivals. Sandalwood roots are much wanted ; $3 75. per picul has been paid for a small lot ex Macquarie. The demand is very brisk, and we strongly recommend shipments. We trust you, will be able to forward some sandalwood and roots to our market." QUEEN'S SPEECH. We are in possession of telegrams conveying the substance of the in Queen's a speech. Omitting the usual stereotyped congratulations on the state of our for eign relations, Sir Bartle Frere's mission to Zanzibar, the awkward San Juan award, the costly Geneva arbitration decision, and the successful conclusion of a commercial treaty with France, we are informed "that the Russo Asian question has been amicably arranged upon an identity of views as to the line of demar- cation of the northern frontier of AfF ghanistan;" this, added to a denial of any secret treaty with Persia, and the repudiation of all designs upon that important kingdom, the possession of which would open a passage to our North-west - Indian provinces, and be a menace on the East, as the Crimea is in the west to the territories of the sick - man on the Bosphorus. Russia has as much right to civilize the interior of Asia as we had to annex 200 millions of Hin- does in many respects our equal, and in some our superiors in the arts and sciences. The line of the Oxus is to be the boundary line on the south, leaving the barbarous tribes of Middle and Northern Asia to fight their own battles So long as the integrity of the Persian and Affghan empires is preserved, with Hindoo Koosh and the vast waterless and arid deserts on the north intervening between it and the Khanates, our Anglo Indian possessions are externally watt''" , protected. The plea Advanced for the in vasion of Khiva is similar to that which led to^p^-invasion of Abyssinia Hav- ing obtained the release of British safe. ^ jects detained by its barbarous sovereign, at a vast cost, we prudently retired If they ster wise, the kissing williams , ' -.' *¿?*A? to Turkey from its weakest quarter. Lord Granville evidently took the Road ajar statesmen by surprise, as shown by theireeonoiliatory offer to allow British \- officers to accompany their columns. This move was the result of the peremptory notes addressed to the Russian Cabinet. There is a hard pan in Lord Granville's mind somewhere, though it takes time to come down to it. -' The measures promised are an Irish University Bill, framed with a careful regard to right and conscience," with a governing body of twenty-one members, and one-fourth of the revenues of Trinity College, which is to exist as a separate college, and, we presume, in accordance with the conditions on which it was originally endowed by the State, and further enriched by private legacies and donations. As the object of the present bill is evidently a sop to the Roman Catholic hierarchy, who, not satisfied with the freedom from all tests to R. C. students secured since 1792, in Trin. Col., Dublin, demand, that they shall have full power over the moral as well as the secular teaching of the students of the Romish Church. A strong feeling exists against the course pursued, or intended to be pursued by the Government. Episco -^ palian Presbyterians and the United ^t&onconformist; Protestant denominations, .. both in England and Ireland, strenuously oppose the bill, and even if carried in the Commons, it will, backed as they will be in their opposition by the Protestants of the United Kingdom, be rejected by the Lords. Next item in the ministerial programme is the Amend- ment of certain clauses in the Education Act (1870), notably the 25th clause, which clearly favors existing denominational schools, constituting at the present time the great majority of existing schools. Although the Nonconformists would appear to be a majority, if sittings and the number of chapels in towns were taken as indicating the respective strength of the Church and dissenting parties, the former being as 60 to 40 of the latter, in the rural districts the census would shew up differently, as so far as existing school accommodation is concerned, and churches v. chapels, the National Church has a large preponder- ance. That any alteration depriving them of the advantages they possess under the 25th clause of the Education Act will be resisted not only by the Conservative peers, but the old Whigs, and, for the nonce, by the Roman Catholics, who under that clause receive large funds in support of their schools, is to be expected. It is not therefore surprising that Mr. Foster speaks dubiously on the subject. "The facilitation of the transfer of Lands Bill is one that, under the cautious and careful consideration of Lord Selbourne, may be usefully amended, but it is admittedly a question surrounded with many difficulties, the principal one being Who is the owner of the und? saddled as it is with annuities, > flowers, and other charges. Amendment of the local taxation system is perhaps the hardest nut of any to crack, and will, after being discussed, in all probability' be postponed for the consideration of the next Parliament. Law ' Reforms and Judicature Appeals Bills have been introduced by the new Lord Chancellor, and most favorably received by the leading jurists of the day. In the new Jury Bill the number of jurors will be reduced to seven except in cases of murder or treason unanimity will not be required. REVIEW OF OUR POLITICAL SITUATION. It is quite evident that the Government are weary with the greatness of its acts, that there is a desire for rest, that the utterances of their leaders all but beg for it. "We have fulfilled," says one, " all our economical pledges ; all the forces we possess have been utilized, whilst we have only dispensed with what is expensive without being forcible, we are favorable to religious education, though bent on getting every child educated in the best way possible. We are favorable to the union of Church and State, and at the same time favorable to every enlargement of political privilege which shall make the Church more national; we are anxious to make our pro- prietary laws and customs more popular by the repeal of the useless restrictions and complications by which they are hampered." In fact they are, Conservative and Liberal, afraid to advance, and not courageous enough to retrograde. The time is not yet ripe for the consideration of certain great questions, that the aspirations of more advanced Liberals would be better left alone, were it not that the exigencies of public life make it necessary and accordingly, as one of the ablest of our public journalists observes, " as soon as he no longer requires their services, Mr. Gladstone puts his foot down upon the excesses of his friends." He has no secret plot against the House of Lords, and all that he asks for the present session, the last of the present Parliament, is that it will be satisfied with an animated moderation policy." j#> Mr. Vernon Harcourt has made two clever speeches, the sort of speeches which talk a man into office telling speeches, which will increase his popularity ; speeches disagreeable to the Government in tone, as though to show how dangerous he can be; and exceedingly moderate in counsel, as though to show how useful a colleague he could be. In the first speech, which was also the best he attacked, as the system of grandmotherly government, especially the Licensing Act, for putting men to bed before they wish to go; and Mr. Ayrton, for making it an offence that men should use soap in the Serpentine. He also advised the Government against sensational policies, protested against Mr. MialTs blazing principles," and recommended a few humdrum reforms. Then re- directed a very smart attack J, against the Marquis of Salisbury for saying that Tories uphold the Odnstitu for, Mr, account maintaining that it has been solely by the judicious reforms of the Liberals that the Throne, the Aristocracy, and the Church have been saved. He put, indeed, the argument against entails well, and against the enforced preservation of game admirably : -"What would you think if, when a cornfactor leased premises for his trade, his landlord required that he should always keep a few hundred rats in his granary ? What would you think if a dairyman were under compulsion to keep a stock of cats amongst the cream, or the butcher to keep a constant supply of flies amongst the meat?" He warned the Government that the people of England would not allow any interference with Trinity College, Dublin, and went for violent reductions of expenditure and the abolition of the Income Tax. FRANCE-The state of politics is considerably altered since our last summary. It was then rumoured, and we believe on good grounds, that there had been a fusion of the Orleanists and Legitimists, and that M. Thiers's tenure of office was very insecure, the Monarchical party being by far the strongest in point of numbers. At the date to which we allude, the committee of 30 had so trammelled their report with conditions so personally disrespectful to the President that he positively refused to entertain them at all. Subsequently, however, the right and left centres fused, and mutual concessions being made, the able head of the Government having successfully played his old see-saw game, has obtained a " stable" (?) majority, and now that the Napoleon dynasty may be said to have perished along with its founder, that Henry Cheque will wave the white flag and no other, and that the elder branch of the Orleans family has re- nounced all ambitious views, the Republic may be considered as firmly established, but for how long, first, depends upon the life of the President, and next, upon the appearance of some able future politician. At present the only prominent political is M. Gambetta, now the nominal head of the extreme left or radical party. As soon as the Germans leave France the present Assembly will be dissolved, and unless some great change takes place, the next Chamber will consist almost entirely of Conservative Republicans. There is no feeling amongst the masses in favor of the Bonapartes, and the youthful Count Monticalieri must acquire a handle to his name by deeds, of which, we apprehend, he is not morally or physically capable, before he can present himself as a candidate for high office in a country, which lives for the present only, and that a very variable one. SPAIN The telegram announcing the abdication of Amadeo the first, is confirmed ; not only has he abdicated but arrived at Lisbon. A Republican form of Government has been declared by 276 to 36, and the new Spanish ministry has applied for money to arm the people, but on what grounds we are without any information. GERMANY. The feeling against England runs high, perhaps only exceeded by that against the Jesuits and the Roman Catholic clergy. Amongst the many severe Bills, is one by which all Catholic " seminaries" for boys will be abolished, and every Catholic will have to attend the State grammar schools. When they reach the age of college students they will be allowed to study in Catholic colleges, but before they become eligible for living they will be examined by the State in classics, literature, philo phy, history, and natural science, and not allowed to take the living without passing the examination. This is, of course, intended to secure their attendance in the ordinary University classes, and probably will, to a great extent, secure it. But the most stringent provision follows, that even after passing the examination, no priest may be appointed to a living if the State objects. Further,, no priest can be appointed only provisionally so as to be still under the power of his Bishop, and to be liable to have his appointment cancelled if he is not subservient enough, for more than a year. And again, no priest can continue to officiate if deprived of his living by a judicial sentence for offences against the Law of the State and a tribunal to try such offences is established. An appeal to this Court is given to any priest deprived by a Bishop, and if any priest is legitimately so deposed, the Bishop is to be fined £150 (1,000 thalers), unless he fills the vacancy with a candidate acceptable to the State within a year. The Bishops, too, are to be made, as far as law can make them, absolutely independent of the Pope. in ROWE-The suppression of the religious houses, especially the Jesuits, is being actively carried out in every part of Italy, not excepting Rome itself, to the great grief of the aged Pontiff who has been indulging in a good Christmas brush with his enemies, having delivered to the Cardinals on the 23rd of December an Allocation, denouncing the German persecution of the Church, and saying that the Germans have been " shame- less in representing that persecution as no real injury to it. The Germans are very angry indeed. Lieutenant Stumm has been instructed to leave Rome, that he might not have to join in the customary courtesies on New Year's Day, and it seems very doubtful if he will return. Prince Bismarck is said to have observed that the more clear it is that the Vatican won't come to an understanding with his master, the more distinctly must the rights and privileges of the Church in Germany be limited by law, and very narrowly limited limited in the way in which the liberty of dangerous criminals is limited, by manacles and strait waist coasts. Of course, after this the reception of New Year's Day was not a cheerful one. The Pope declared lft» saw a great analogy between the present, state of Europe and the condition^^^^apolis when it was feasting just balsam reduction to ashes j ' life he ^MwHfeil* angel &$& might not this time come in the form of a destroyer, but in that of one who would convert' all hearts. After all, he is a kind, if not a very wise old man, and there is something new even in his angry bad Latin, if the good Germans could only see it and smile, instead of cutting up so very rough about it. The editors of the Telegraph have offered 3000 to the chief officer of the British Museum, to defray the expenses of Mr. Smith for six months to make further researches in Assyria, which has been accepted, accompanied by the further liberal and patriotic offer of presenting all the discoveries made by him to the British Museum, invoking the personal aid and influence of the trustees for an enterprise of such universal benefit and profound interest. This offer contrasts favorably with the refusal of the Chancellor of the Exchequer for assistance to fit out the Challenger for a fresh Arctic expedition to follow up the discovery of an open polar sea in lat. 85, as seen from an eminence by the recently returned American exploring expedition. The Northfleet, with 412 souls on board, while, at anchor off Dungeness was run into by a steamer unknown, which steered away after cutting down the unfortunate vessel to the water's edge. Out of the large crew and passengers only 35 were saved. ^ The scene described was most truly heartrending only two females being saved out of the 25 who were picked up all the rest went down with the unfortunate vessel, the captain, after taking leave of his wife, remaining behind to the last. Mr. Torr, Conservative, has been returned for Liverpool by a majority of nearly 2000, and Mr. Samuel Laing for the Orkneys, in opposition to the landlord interest (out-and-out Radical) by a narrow majority of 25. Although Liberal, he cannot support the Education. Bills for Ireland, and would support Lord Derby as Premier. In the case of the Tichborne claimant Mr. Whalley and Mr. Onslow have been fined £100 each for contempt of Court in imputing conspiracy to the witnesses for the prosecution. The trial at Bar commences on the 23rd of April. One of his counsel, Mr. Shipton, has been fined 2500 for repeating the same offence at Brighton. In the case of the Galway Election Criminal Prosecution, the jury, not being able to agree, were discharged. The Coram Street murder is still involved in great uncertainty. The papers are full of sensational murders, not the least mysterious of which is that of Miss Kerr, at Belfast, an aged lady of 85 and her female attendant, Jane Toner. Grave suspicions attach to Charlotte and Mary Sea, two sisters, who were seen leaving the house the morning after the murder. Short wheat crops are expected next year, the seed having rotted owing to heavy rainfalls. The land is being re sown, but only partially for spring wheat-a very uncertain crop, under far more favorable conditions. AMERICA. On the last day of the year which has rolled by since Fisk fell mortally wounded on the stairs of the Grand Central Hotel we are called upon to announce that the law has adjudged Edward S. Stokes guilty of the murder charged upon him. Yesterday the able defence said its last word, the prosecution uttered its last appeal, the impartial judge charged with clearness, and the jury retired. Those who have felt the solemnity of the moments that follow at such times ; who have watched upon the prisoner's face the torturing alternation of hope and fear lifting by turns its bright browed spirit or its affrighting ghost, will need no picture here of the three hours that preceded the whisper running round the court room of the jury having agreed. The heart broken sobs of a sister, stabbed with the bitterest grief that the worlds can bring, would alone have told last night that the verdict of the jury doomed the guilty one to a degraded, infamous death. Society that shrinks from murder, that cries aloud for justice or for vengeance before the victim's blood has dried, softens its heart in pity before such sorrow. The crowd disperses ; the patient jury scatter ; the sad grief of the hapless sister must flow in the sacred privacy of home. All that remains before us is the doomed man sitting alone in his iron-grated cell, with his crime and its consequences swimming before his eyes. Retribution, with cold eye and immoveable face, will show you the further horrors that she demands before she can be satisfied. Mercy will plead to be spared the sight, but time will move on, and only reveal as he goes which spirit will prevail. Viewing the matter thus we go no further now. Twelve men have indelibly fixed upon Stokes the awful crime of murder ; the law and its execu- tives will determine the rest New York Herald, Jan. 5. 