GHOSTS. (Globe.) We have changed much iu these days from the old . times when ghosts were almost an' article of faith, and when the person who told a tale of the world of spirits might chance to gain credence for , hia narrative without an inner reservation tnat, at all events, it is very difficult to account for." In Queen Elizabeth's time that stage direction in' " Hamlet," " Enter Ghost," struck a real chord of emotion amongst the people, and, so far from weak ening the force of the illusion, considerably height ened it by introducing a mysterious agency, a3 to which all were more or less sympathetic. Thus, in ' the Middle Ages a ghost had a dignity very differ ent from the Peckham apparition of these days. There is a story told in French history of a peasant of Marseilles who wa3 troubled by an unearthly visitor. The peasant was to make his way to the king, and reveal to him a message that would be communicated to him ; but if he disclosed it to any one ' else he would die. He did disclose it to an other—his wife— and he died, falling dead on the . spot, too. The perturbed spirit, however, though unfortunate in this choice of a messenger, revealed 4 himself a second time, with similar formalities and threats, and again the garrulous French nature conld not keep reticent about the news. _ The tale was told, and the narrator, in his turn, died. Yet a third time the ghost spoke. This time to a far rier. The tale we tell is historical, and the facts ' precise and ascertained. The fairier kept his_ coun sel, journeyed to Versailles, saw Gold Stick in "Waiting, who was very polite, but very obdurate. -A . peasant from Marseilles have an interview with "the "Majesty, of France ! Impossible ; a thing not to be heard of ! Farrier brings forward his ghostly facts. Proof offered, asked for, given. Hid not two other of the good folks of the town to whom revelation had been made die because they departed Horn the strict letter of their destruction ? Gold Stick was alarmed. Could not the truth of these statements be easily ascertained from the local authorities ? Gold Stick was relieved. The farrier ; was to call in a couple of days — he called, saw the king in private, had several interviews with him, and returned to his own province a wealthy man, supported by the revenue, a public character from that time till his death, and probably a bachelor and misogamist, for the substance of the secret never transpired. It is all historical. The best artist of the day drew our farrier, the drawing was engraved, and copies of it exist in several private collections. One writer professes to have seen the print, and says that "it represents the face of a man about thirty-five or forty years of age, with an open countenance, rather pensive, and with a very characteristic expression " — a somewhat vague de- cription as to the whole, and one would be glad to . have learned what was the special character of that ; expression. We live in different days now, and the age of ap- . paritious seems, notwithstanding an occasional ex ception, to have passed away. The ghost of the .. 19th century cannot keep his secret as well as liis .brother spirit of the 17th, and it is the magistrate, not the minister, with whom he is confronted. The lantern of "Pleaceman X " shines upon the appari tion, and nnder this manifestation the mystery not so : much dissolves into thin air as solidifies into flesh and blood. The spirit then becomes what the effect. ' 1 And yet who will deny that there lingers a strong belief, which none of the vaunted " enlightenment . ; of the nineteenth century " can crush down, in ghosts and apparitions ? What is spiritualism but , a mode of the same disease? We are not as credu- lons as onr simple forefathers, and we have a way of severing our judgment from our faith, and being mortally afraid of ghosts, though we well that such things d> not exist. What is the experience of each one ? Is there any reader of this paper who, however fortunate in his experiences, has not had some: relative, or friend,- or acquaintance, who has . seen a ghost ? We do not mean sounds or rapping, \- but; a real bona fide — we were going to say — ilesli- and-blood live ghost ? The writer himself forms no . exception" to. the rule which he believes prevails. Here is a story told- him by one of the chief actors: ? —Three students of a university, situated in what Thackeray calls a viceregal city, had retired after : dinner: to -the. rooms of a friend. There is no im portance in the words "after dinner." College beer . is . very small beer, nor do I know of any instance 4 on record in which'n man who had partaken freely .was '.visited by ghosts. ' The four friends were standing round the fire, which flickered brightly, -so1 that every part of the room could be seen. Its shape was of this kind. The door from the stair- case was at one corner ; directly opposite to that was: another door, which led into the bedroom. .There'- was -no other approach to or exit from the room. - The fireplace was at the side of the inner floor.: The friends were standing round the fire, , chatting together, when they distinctly saw the outer ; door open gently, and a figure pass in. It: crossed the room,- and passed through Hie opposite' r doorway into the bedroom. Three of the yonng rushed at once into the room, examined every part of it together, but there was no trace or sign of anything. Tho other fainted on seeing the appari-; tion.4 What is curiou3 about this tale is that it forms, so far as is known, the only instance in modern times of a ghost being seen by several people simultaneously. As a general rule, if the apparition appears to more persons than one, it does so successively, as, in the French story just told. Another circumstance that is remarkable.: in this case is that each one of the four persons seems to have arrived immediately at the idea that ;the visitor was a ghost. The spirit was in deed,, known to two of them — that is to Bay two 'of. the party say it was the ghost of the brother. But the other two were quite strangers to the fact, 'and yet, without a word said, seeing the entry, .they 'seem to have felt instinctively and unhesitatingly that it was a ghost. The tale is ' told as a thing that happened. There was no: dowager-duchess or guardsman present to com- 'mand the respect of tho Timos, out then — every one is not so strong- minded and naturally inore-! dulous as that journal. 