GOSSIP. lY AN ATHENIAN. I don't envy editors of newspapers, who I suppose have to read everything that finds its way into the columns of the journals they conduct, besides no end of " rejected addresses" which find a grave in the waste-paper basket. In particular do I pity you, Mr. Editor, for having had to wade through the half-column of rubbish I sent you last week. As I have discovered, however, from careful observation-having sat in the reading-room of the School of Arts for hours, and watched the perusers of the papers, as well as having mixed with " all sorts and conditions of men"-that nobody read my former " Gossip," I am going to inflict another dose upon you. Some one, I ought to state, tried to make me believe that he had seen the late " senior member" taking a sly glance at the column you allotted to me; and my informant, rather savagely I thought, wound up with the remark, " but he's nobody," with which I couldn't at all agree, because, in addition to his being corporeally great, there is the fact, which I for one cannot overlook, that the candidate for Fassifern is a graduate of the Sydney University. But I know-I feel certain-George was not guilty of the offence charged against him, as I have it from one of his most intimate acquaintances that he-the expectant "honourable"-never reads anything but his Bible and the works of classic authors. Its a wonder George, with all his reverence for the ancient poets, never took to play ing upon the pipes-those without the bag-instead of indulging in that filthy habit of smoking them. How he might have charmed the gentle shepherds and shepherd esses throughout the romantic electorate on which he has deigned to smile l West Moreton is having all the election fun to itself at present. I don't see why some of the other electorates shouldn't have a little amusement. If I could only get a good nurse to teach me a speech, and, when any imper tinent voter asked me a question on some subject not in cluded in my address, to tell the meeting what my views upon it were- knowing well enough all the time that I hadn't any-I'd start to-morrow against George for Fas sifern, or against William Henry and Simon for Bun danba; I might even be induced to make a " triangular duel" in Ipswich, in which case- if I could but engage that nurse-neither Thompson nor Mac would have the ghost of a chance. That meeting of " Jams Foote" at Walloon last week must have been a pretty lively one; there appears to have been a uniqueness about the proceedings that was quite charming. Mac was there, according to announcement, and, with a simplicity that was positively childlike, they put the Honourable Arthurin the chair. It was a funny arrangement; but Mac didn't forget that he was there in the capacity of nurse to his protdgd. Jimmy seems to have got through the delivery of his "sermon" tolerably well, but he evidently didn't shine in the catechisiog por tion of the proceedings. Some of the electors stuck to the candidate like so many educational leeches, and "Jams" was completely nonplussed. At last Nurse came to the rescue, and asked to be allowed to explain what the Infant Phenomenon meant. There were those present who thought that the candidate ought to answer for himself, but they must have been most ignorant per sons, and there were some who considered that the chair man was committing a breach of etiquette in supplying brains where they were manifestly deficient, but the meeting was very good.natured, and permitted the irre gularity. Of course it was most important that the electors should be informed of the opinions of their scholarly candidate on the subject of education, and it is therefore to be exceedingly regretted that Jimmy couldn't find words in which to give expression to them -that is supposing that he had any. It didn't look well, that admission of his that he had not read either the Palmer-cum-Lilley Education Bill or that since drafted by Mr. Palmer; perhaps he had one of his own in his pocket which he is keeping to surprise the House and his constituents with on the meeting of Parliament. Ferrett, at any rate, seems to be " all there when he's wanted" to answer a question, and he does it in an honest and straightforward way that's refreshing in these shuff ling days. He hasn't any property that he wants the Government to buy,. with the people's money, at ten times its fair value; hut he hinted, and that very broadly too, at the Seven-mile Creek the other evening, that somebody else had, and that it was because the Govern ment wouldn't squander the public funds that somebody besides himself was in the field for West Moreton. I'm open to bank the light weight to win the West Moreton Stakes next month, and I'm much mistaken if he doesn't teach his weighty antagonist a lesson that he learned some years ago but seems to have forgotten. 