GENERAL news. The Primary Judge sat. this (Friday) morning, bat no business was .brought before His Honor.. The Court was adjourned till Tuesday next. ; The- opening game of the Adelaide Football Olub will be played on the North Park Lands on Saturday, May 3, at half-past 2 o'clock. . ■ • ! We have been shown a large pear of the Uvedal'e St. Germain variety, grown on Mr; G. McEwin's property at Glen Ewin, and weighing three pounds. ■ ■ • j The May number of the Young Men's Magazine has been published. . Although some of the contributions are of small literary merit; the articles as a whole evidence an improve ment' upon those in' former numbers, and the Magazineisa very readable publication. On Friday, morning Mr. Townsend, of Handle-street, showed us a dozen magnificent pears, weighing in all 32 lbs., from the garden he rents on the Torrens, in Mr. Aston's section, opposite to Glyride. This garden, so long known as Andrewartha's, is situated on one of •the choicest spots along the river Bide, and was celebrated a quarter of a century, ago for the richness of its soil and the wonderful rapidity with which everything grew that was planted there. The following is Friday morning's weather report on the Adelaide, and Port Darwin telegraph line:—Beltana, S., fresh, fine; Strangways Springs, N., fresh, cloudy, fine cold; The Peake, N.B., light, fine; Charlotte Waters, E.S.E., light fine ; Alice Springs, calm, fine, clear cool; Barrow Creek, S.E., • fine, cool, clear 5 Tennant Creek, E., moderate, fine, clear, c»ol; Powell Creek, N. 15., light, fine, clear, pleasant; Daly "Waters, S.K., fresh, fine, cold ; Katherine, H.E., light, clear, fine, cool; Yam Creek, S.E., very strong, clear, cool; Port Darwin, E,, moderate, clear, very fine. The neighborhood of Strathalbyn' appears notorious for its ghostly t visitants. Tins week a . worthy knight of . the, cleaver,' who, by the way, is a benedict, hailing from this enlightened municipality, has, we hear, been nearly frightened out of his seven senses, by the apparition of some fair one _ in the vicinity of an empty house some two miles from here. That all- important; person, ".the "oldest inhabitant," says it must be^the ghost of a young woman who met an untimely end in that neighborhood some tweuty or so years ago.' The wraith was observed in the day time, and the seer was accompanied by a friend, who cor roborates his statement.—Southern Argus. It is calculated that the native popula-. tion of New Zealand is over 37,000, The Waverley brig has completed her voyage from Port Adelaide to Sydney in the unprecedented time of four days 15 hours. • We were glad to learn, on enquiry at' the.,Adelaide Hospital on Thursday- evening,; that-the lad Enoch Hart, who is ;now;; suffering from lockjaw, was,, if anything, a shade better.; The quarterly meeting of the-Sunday school Teachers' Union will be held at the; Wesleyan Lecture Hall this evening, when the; President (Mr. J. Colton, J.P.) will read a paper on "The Best-Method of Conducting; Sunday-schools;'! at half-past seven o'clock, There was rather a thin hotxse "at the Royal on Thursday evening. " Plot, and Passion," which has been performed before! during this season, was successfully played.; The farce of " A Silent Woman""concluded the performance. To-night, will'b'e given "The; School for Scandal."' , On Thursday, May T, the" only lot' offered at - the' Govermrient; land sale was' Section 339, -containing 131 -acres, Hundred-of; Seymour, County of Russell, about five miles; from East Wellington, which was purchased for £134:5s. 6d. The attendance was small, and there was no. competition. _ The sixth quarterly, soiree in connec-! | tion with the Havelock Temperance Lifeboat Crew was held on Thursday, May 1, at the: Gouger-street Academy. ; There was a large; I attendance. Mr. J. Lloyd,'un the absence of; the -President,, occupied the chair. The pro-, grammd '.consisted of songs, recitations, dialogues, 'scenes,, and sihgiDgr—the last men tioned being- undertaken by Mr. and Miss Watkins and Miss.Newman,.'Miss H. Newman; presiding at the harmonium. The usual vote of .thanks-and-the National Anthem brought one of the most successful quarterly meetings .to a close..- .- 0 ; <.-o ..-i The Rickards',.troupe again had a full house at'White's Booms on Thursday," and the entertainment went off as successfully as ever.' The programmer will be repeated this evening, and we are promised one entirely new for Satur day.; We do not;remember, jwhether, we-have mentioned before "one excellent feature- in.'the arrangements-^-we mean theshortneE'aof ,the in tervals between each piece. This prevents that -weariness which is sometimes felt at public entertainments, when the pauses are too long. •Mr. Rickards -wisely keeps up the. inteVest - by the'rapidity' with which one scene succeeds another.-'- - - '• For along time the. approaches to the -Hamle'y Bridge Bail way Station have not been iU-thbibest possible condition, and the Govern-; ment bave been., urged to place the-roads in' .Such a state as would facilitate';the speedy cartage'of wheat and other kinds of produoe to the railway. ' Perhaps "the worst part of the; road is where it crosses the Light, and at this" place a bridge is much required." This desidc-. ratum seems likely soon to be supplied,! for on! Thursday Mr.*R". '0. Patterson,-"Assistant En-| gineer, 'proceeded to Hamley Bridge for the' purpose of surveying tlie'site and reporting the result of his observations. He subsequently inspected the Railway Bridge. - ■ The Marine Board met pn Thursday,; May 1, for the purpose of investigating the;cir-. cumstances attending the, grounding olthq ship! England's Glory, on- the, Gloucester Bank, while' on herpas'sage down the river on the 16th April.; Mr. Tait, "the pilot, handed in a letter from' the master of,the'ship, and he said the accident' -occurred-tbrough-the extreme darkness of the' night, and not through, any neglect or imcom-j potency of the pilot.' . Mr. Tait, H. Johnson,! master of the Bteamtug Sophia, and Captain! Quin, Harbor Master, were examined, and the; Board; after hearing the evidence, gave the fol-j lowing -finding :—"The Board' are Of opinion! and find that Sir.,Pilot Tait,Whilst-in charge of the ship England's "-Glory; did attempt to pilots such "ship .to the' anchorage; bn'a^dark squally night, when prudence'damanded that the ship! ought to have-been anchored eitberfat Snapper; Point or in Lightfs' Passage;; They alsifco'nsider! that Mr.:' Tait is highlyi- reprehensible for auj doing, and herewith .suspehd his.icertificate of •pilotage for one month.—R. HJ; Eehguson,: President.'Marine Board;-rJ.. M. Linklateb,! -Daniel Tapley, John •-Foembt,- Wardens.^'- ! 