A HUNGARIAN CAUSE CELEBRE. According to the Pesth journal, ever siuco 1860 the inhabitants of Szegedin had become bo terrified in consequence of the daring ex ploits of Sandor's baud of brigands that they locked and barred themselves in their houses every, night at dusk, and dared not to venture into the streets even during tho day without being armed with revolvers and sword-slicks. Robberies, incendiary fires, and assassinations were the order of the day ; and tho male factors carried thoir audacity so far as to at tack the diligeucies iu the open day, and in tho very midst of the town itself. For a loug tiuic the criminals escaped,- whilst numbers of innocent inhabitants were arrested on suspicion ; and it was under these \- V circumstances that M. de Kaday was sent as a Royal commissioner to Szogedin, charged ' with full powers, and having at his disposi tion the forcos and the resources necessary to put an end to a state of things so deplorable and alarming. Al. de Raduy soon became ' convinced that not only Szegedin, but the : whole comitat and the surrounding districts were infested by formidable "companies" of brigands, whose organisation was complete and their circle of action clearly defined. . . When one of the companies was not sufficiently numerous to carry out a during enterprise, assistance was lent by the other companies. Two of these bands of brigands, leagued to gether, not long ago succeeded in entering the cellars of a bank, and in carrying the safe into the street ; the.y failed, however, in getting it into a cart which they had brought lor the purpose, and found themselves com pelled to abandon their valuable booty. The safe was found intact at the door of the bank .on the following morning, and the operation had been carried on without any one's at tention having been called to it, or without any one daring to give the alarm. After careful and minute inquiries the commissioner found, to his amazement, that a number of administrative and judicial func tionaries were acting as accomplices of the various bands of brigands — that even the titled notabilities of the district acted as re ceivers of tho stolen property. A number of those companies were soon tracked, and several of the bandits were arrested and given up' to justice. It was then found that the police agents were in league with the male factors. At Szegedin a commissary of police, two judges, four employees of the Treasury,; &nd;46 detectives were arrested as -being im plicated in the depredations of the -bands. Crimes have been brought to light which were perpetrated 30 years ago ; and an old raan of 70 was condemned some short time ago for a crime committed when he was 40 years of age. The noveland peculiarly " psychological" system pursued by the Royal commissioner in, order to find out the guilty parties amongst the hundreds of individuals arrested is worth recording. The prisoners were completely isolated from the rest of the world during their confinement ; and their eyes were bound in order to prevent any conversation by signs usually resorted to by accomplished thieves. " Companions in captivity," totally unknown to them were placed in the same cells; who soon insinuated themselves into the confidence pf. tlie prisoners, studied their characters, made themselves acquainted with their secrets and used all their efforts, to bring about a full confession. With regard to Sandor,' tlie Royal Commissioner himself succeeded in geltiug a full and complete avowal of his crimes by adopting tactics of a most ingeuious kind. Knowing the great brigand chief to be exceedingly vain of his reputation, and. to be in the habit of looking down upon his less daring accomplices as mero' " pui-loiners of chickens," M. do Kaday ordered . Sandor to fall upon his knees before his fellow prisoners — the small-fry of the band — whoso instruc tions were fo reproach their chief with being a chicken stealer like themselves. The ruse was perfectly successful ; the proud Sandor's "honour" was mortally . wounded, and the " brigand king" (as he loved to style himself) immediately entered into a full confession of bit' long series of crime, as well as -those, of bis accomplices. The expedient resorted to' by the Royal commissioner in the case of another famous brigand, named Jean Bajdor was this : Bajdor is known to be exceedingly superstitious, he is charged with having com mitted two murders and insists upon assert ing bis innocence. One evening the examin ing- magistrate had Bajdor brought into his cabinet, - and - immediately addressed him as follows : — i" Jean Bajdor, I cannot sleep on your . account ; the ghost of Peter Bodri, whom you assassinated, appears before me every night, and threatens to haunt and tor ment m'e until such time as I shall have put the rope round your own neck !" Ou saying this the examining magistrate threw ! a rope round Bajdor's neck, aud ordered him to be taken back to prison. At midnight John Bajdor, who had slept soundly, notwithstan ding ;iiis fifty-niuo crimes, jumped up af frighted, and rushed towards the door of the prison, crying for help. This was the mo ment the examining magistrate had anxiously- awaited j he made his way into the cell, when Bajdor confessed not only to having murdered Bodri and his son, but also to hav ing committed a number of other heinous crimes. Iu consequence of these disclosures the two bodies of his yictims, with the ropes Btill round their necks, were discovered. 