APPROVED CLATMS FOR UNDE FINED PRE-1SMPTJVE LEASES. . Department of Lands, . . Sydncv, 22nd April, 1873. '. It is hereby notified for the information of oil persons concerned, that under the provisions of the Crown Lnnds Occupa tion Act of 1801,' claims for Pre- emptive Leases have been mnde by the persons' enumerated in the subjoined list, in right of the several portions of land therein referred to, and liavc been approved sub ject to the conditions set forth in the Regulations of 1st November, 18C1. 2\. Applicants are reminded that tho rent of tho iiinds in question tor tno half-year commencing on the 1st of July, 1873, must be paid to tho Agent for *.he Sale of Crown Lands of tho district it) which they nro situated, or to tho Trea surer in Sydney, within two months from this date. 8\. The rent of Leases in virtne of tho i'iidermeiit.ione,d freeholds is at the rnto of £1. per lot per annum for oil lots not exceeding 320 acres, and at tho rate of £2 per' section per. annum for all lots exceeding thnt area. The sums hcre imiler shown arc those which must there fore he paid for tho lots. The renewal of rent for J874 of any of these Leases must i-c paid in the month of September next : — Bomiala : Ann Campbell, Bibbenlukc, two lots of 120 neres each, county Wellesley, parish of Ashton ; rent, 10s. each. Cooma i Angus Jardine, Nimitybelle, 438 acres, county Wcllosley, parish of Boeo ; rent, 13s. Sd. Qutatfocyan - N. Powell, Bungendore, 240 acres, comity Murray, parish of JIajura ; rent, 10s. 1). Baldwin, Micalago, 377 ncres, county Murray, parish of Monkcllan ; rent, 10s. lid. H. M'Pherson, Gininderra, 150 ac'rcB, county Murray, parish of Goorooyaroo; ront, 10s. i ' ? . . p\imbariimba : George Mair, Tuuibarumba, 480 acres, county Sclwin, parish of Munnus ; ront, 15s. Minnie G. Richards, Tumbarumba, 420 ncres, county Selwyn, parish of Tooma ; rent, 13s. 2d, ??'??? Tiimvti - | James Kiley, Tumut, 609 ' : '.acres, county Buccleuch, parish of : Wyaiigle ;' rent, 19s. Id. -.,??:'. - ,V' \ . James Egan, Tumut. 240 acres, county .Wynyard, parish of Gilraore; rent, 10s. R. K. Broughton, jon., Tiiinat, two lots cf 420 acres and 120 acres, county, Wynyard, parish of. Gadara; rent, 13s. 2d., and 10sV'^: ??? , ?-? ?? . . ? BucKLEY DALY Fortune. — ^With re gard to this natter k -contemporary publishes the following short correspond ence on the sutjiclH— ' July 25th; 1872. This is to certify that I came from Mel bourne May 2Cth, 1872, ^nil the satnV Patrick Buckley was alive at that tiine; nnd that 1c gave me a loiter- for his first cousin, John Daly, and begged 'me to tell the same John Daly, hit cousin, to come to Mo'bonrne as soon as possible, In's direction being Mr. P. C. Buckley, Prospect Station, South iGippslond. John. jSoiitvAK.''.— ' Prospect Station, i J872? lily dear' friend,— I write these ,few lines, hoping to find yoti in good health, as this Reaves ine 'at jprcsent. I, expect you will come over to see me, as I heard from home, -and oil our friends arc dead, and I. wish to have your near me. Patrick Buckley, ; ElIiss Downeyl' ? Cooma Land Salr.^— rOnlloftday last a sale of Crown lands was held at tho Court House',- Cooma. The attendance was very limited, and tbe amount realised did uot exceed the opset price. The following lots were sold : Lot C, John Harnett ; lot E, Amos Crisp } Jot'F, W. Grahame. Lots A, B, D, 1,0^ E, were withdrawn ; for lots G, H. L, M, and N, no offer tras made. Fibs. — It is with feeling* of the deepest regret that we chronicle a ca lamity by fife in this district, tbe more so as the sufferer is a man of strict in tegrity, a steady, hardworking resident who is held in respect 1»y his fellow-men. From (he scanty particulars that hove reached us, it is unfortunately too true that the barn of Mr. Frazer, of Wnm brook, with its contents, upwards of 200 bushels of wheat nnd the harness of his horses, was totally consumed by (ire on Saturday last. Th* only nrticle Bared was « tnrpau'lin, and that would not hnvo been reaciipd bnt for nn act of bravery which is deserving of all commendation. Whilst tho conflrugrntiim was at its height, consuming tall that Mr. Frazer had gleaned from his harvest, his boy, one of tender years but manly courage, rushed into the burning wreck to pre serve whnt he could from destruction, and it wns ho who broHght out the tar paulin, in achieving which meritorious actjon ho was so surrounded hy flames that the very hair on his head wns singed nnd his clothes were scorched. Tlie. efforts of Mr. Frazer and his f»mijy to, recover nny of tho other -property were of no avail. We believe tho (ire cannot be accounted for ; but we trust, for the honor of the.district, that tho misfortune which has befullon Mr. Frnzer is not due to the bane action of nn incendiary. Tho loss of his property, which is uninsured, must bo a Konotib one to sir. r razor. Eci.irsK op tub Mook. — On tho-Wlli Mny next a totnlfclipiieof tbe moon will take plnce, visible in Cooma. Tho first contact of the earth's shadow with tbo surface of trie lunnr orb will take placo a few minutes past 7, and tho last nt about ton minutes past 11. _ Tho duration of totality, nnmoly the timo the moon's sur face will be entirely shadowed hy tlio earth, will be about eighty minutes. BEiA-RiNanns. — The monotony of onr usnul life in Cooma is to' bo. .pleasantly relieved on Friday nnd Saturday nights by tbp' .Anstralinn' Boll-Ringers— the talented Lynch family— who .are highly spoken of by both tho' Queensland nnd onr own Press.1 They vrill be assisted hy n tenor operatic .'singer of fonsidernblc repntc, who is »1bo a most ehgant dancer. W« refer our. readers, to tho^rpgramm.e in our advertising columns, and confi-. dontly predict that a .treat is in j-store for the tesidents, who should not neglect to tnlre advantage oi tne presence or mo Bell- Ringers. ??' -. A sn.oitT bill amending tho Crown Lands' Occupation Act has been passed by the Assembly, It is on two points nn Improvement of the present law with respect to mineral leases. It gives the selector two -yoavs instead of ..one within which to exercise, his right to select, and it enables him, subjoot to, the ap proval of the Government, to amalgamate his proporlios nnd concentrate his ex penditure on any one portion. Minos can only bo worked from shafts orttinnels; nnd the present law has condemned pcoplo to an absurd and useless cx ponditure simply to comply with the rule that the outlay shall be so much per blocks A severe frogt nnd dense fog occurred in Cooma on Sunday morning. Tlie following day was clear, but a cutting wind . that . pierced one through blew. A wintry sleet, alternated wjih Jieavy showers, was the order of the day on Tuesday. It is bitterly cold weather just now. Snow lias been falling about Seymour. RicnDcRD Postage Bates ns follow are levied on letters addressed to Newfound land: — Fid South nmrrton; not exceeding hnlf-nn-onnce, 8d. Fid Brindisi ; not exceeding linlf-nn-ounce, lid. Rash Expbiumekt. — A lad named Starkey, an apprentice of Mr. Alexander Cnrrnthcrs, the bootmaker, was amusing himself on Sunday last by experimenting with gunpowder nt his mother's resi dence at Back Creak, Mrs. Stnrkcy hav ing proceeded to Cooma to attend Mass in St. Patrick's Church. The boy had scooped out a small hole, which he. filled with powder, nnd rammed in ; ho then applied a match, nnd the powder at once exploded in his face, from which somco tho skin peeled off. It is fortunate that his eyesight is ;uuinjurod.. -The young-! stcr is stopping at homo till his iface is wholly 'recovered.' ? r ... . .- ; Tenders for the construction of a new superstructure for (Jncanhbyan ?? Bridge, will, be received at^ the. Department of Public Works, Sydney^-up toll o'clock, on Tuesday,- 18th May. j?lan, specifica tion, nnd form of tender may bo seen at Queanbeynn'jpourtpiphBe.' ?'? ? U i ?? The Platers. — f Nemo,' says: 'The riding of Donnelly and Yeomans^was ex cellent, and although -th«re an some «Vo hold a. different opinion I ?tMnkl/thaf .Yeorhahs showed great judgrrient in tnk ipgReprieve to the front uftd forcing tlie pace along the back of tbe conr'sis in the 'Becond lint, ««, liad he'.noi. dbjie «b, Dagworth, having more fpotjWpuld hayo run him over; at the. finish'. I did m odrnire the wsyoin ^hiEh Tho . Aca ^vps piloted, *nd Ihink) bis chance was ?quite . destroyed by ^ol^f''iip wl)ng-rortn $o pootu : A1rtio9gV owing -to theietate of the conrso, tbo^ime was slow, the deter mined manner in which iibth heats were contested his stomped them as being diamonds .of the -first water. | Bepric've was sold a few days after the race to Mr. 'Riclrard' Rouse, and the-prioe given is tinderstood tb%e' 1 500 gnineas.V The ?writer of f Town .Talkf?: BTPsips thus : 'From the moment when the two Yst tendons settled -3pwn' tg 'light out the long battle, between themselves, the ex citement was intense, and right gallantly did tbe brave half-brother* maintain their noble sire's fame and -their own, ns,. racehorses sans pcur et sans reprpche. As an exhibition 'of perfect racing,' of thorongh gamenes^Bnd^nrtistie jockey ship, tbeie two^Diihes'in tbo dead t|c«t; and the runoff,- were worth 'all the rest of the meeting pnt together, good as it was. Thefates bad been against Re pfieve throughout the meeting, and, de spite his desperate efforts to torn .tbe tide, were tiot to be indaced to re'ent even at the last moment. But it may at least be some consolation to tig nuraer ous backers, that though .defeated, tie was not disgraced, bat shared with his victor the fnll honors of such an oration as had never been accorded et Rnndwick to any but &c; kings of tbe turf.' Ti/e Potato Cnor of Hanaro will not' be heavy this year, as all the potatoes on the lowlands have rotted. About Cats. — Devoutly believed in by many persons is the old «aying tbati « cat has nine lives, tlie truth of which n resident of this town informs us he is very much inclined to defend ; but our P.D. ventures to assert that tho laying bus sprung from the cat nnd nine tails (an institution, tie parenthetically adds, he tins gently suffered from, but does not believe iu). However, wo have two talcs of cats. Mr. James Parkinson, of this town, has an obnoxious tabby, which bo wns det irons, for sundry reasons, of de parting this life; so he commissioned ' Billy tlio Wldl-sinlier ' to kill tbe cat for hnlf-a-crown. Accordingly, the cat was knocked 'in the head— 'dead at a herring,'* as Billy averred when h»de mnndell his fee. Tbo owiier went 'to' the plncc of execution, inspected the remains of poor pussy, and his mind was at ease. Not for long. When 'he reached home, what did ho see before him bnt the self same cat purring musically in front of the tire, and looking nt bin) just ns if his mind were not murderously inclined. As he, avows, he thought it was tho ghost greeting its late host; be 'rubbed' both his eyes, thai ho might nnt bri taken by surprise. It was '.Iiis cat, tnat 'fs « fact ; having only received a stun, it re covered, nnd back homa run. Still de termined upon exterminating his monser, ?ho entioaa- two^|p»,^roTJi^£Uu-b.'..to, destroy her. Theyhnrijjed thc.cat npir night, and James beiicld the crricl sight, pnid the hangboys their fee,- and turned home full with gloo. Alns I yet another disappointment; pussy, in the most pleasant contentment, wns stretched, not by tho neck, but by the fire, to her not ovcr- devotcd ownor'6 ire. Down by the ' Willows,' near tho Mill, wns the exact likcnass'of tho cut he.uiennt to kill. A cat of one life has since turned up. It wns only last ^ntufdriy that a cat met with a fatal , Accident, ,nnd tboniode'by which it came to its .death, volunteers our informant, was both enrions nnd purely nccidontai— entirely an exceptional flffair !cAhcerning the fats of tbo;feline «pecie|. Two female devotees of Bncchus were going -borne j Uioy- wore Seutod fn ?» cnit, though not-quite alone-; their com panion .was a cat, fiije, sleek,.. and fat; Suit they could not. .see us benuty, to be drunk was their dnty.\: ^.11 of a sudden, oneenys, 'My 'dear,* I've lost « half snvcrcign: — that's clnar.' 'tOh,'j:(splicd the other, 'as'«nre-iw I'm a4inner, I do Ithink the cat .'swallowed. fbo 10s. for its dinner.'' Store nrgurnent then high words nrosc, after which the dames came to blow ') 1jnt a victim to Iheir chbler was the cut, for they fell on it -flat, crushing it liko a hut. Poor pilBsy gave a sigby and then her «piiit fled, and its owner ojncnlatod thnt her pet was dead; she nlso observed that she was not such a ninny as to believe poor piiBsy gulphcd down her blessed hnlf guinea. However, be thai an it mny, her cat swiftly passed away. It will not do to mention .names, bnt nt the scene of their flurry, a big hole still remains, near tho Cooma Tan nery, close to the creek, where, in their freak, they tumbled out of the enrt, and killed the cat, though not in ill heart. 