ll 5! .Spirit, Wednesday, September 10. [?] Y the curt, but courteous, replies of His Excellency to the addresses of the Honorable Gentlemen of the Council and the Gentlemen of the Assembly, they were put in the greatest good humor, and they re turned to their respective Houses without committing the slightest breach of the peace. In the Council, the Solicitor-General moved, and the House unanimously carried a resolution to place on record its deep sense of the great public loss sustained in the removal, by death, of the late President, the Hon. Sir T. A. Murray. Mr. Punch cordially joins in this just tribute paid to the memory of a statesman whose private character and eminent public services, won for him the respect and gratitude of his fellow colonists. Mr. C. Campbell then moved the adjournment of the House. He was not sure whether it was a House at all that they were sitting in ; or, if it was really a House, whether they could be said to be in session. He had conscientious and constitutional objections to the appointment of the Hon. John Hay as President, for he was appointed, not by the Governor alone, as he ought to have been, but by the Governor and Execu tive Council. Every schoolboy knew that he (C. C.) was a great Constitutional Counsel, and he pronounced the appointment unconstitutional and void, and there fore the House itself ought to be considered void, and the whole Constitution overturned. The President defended his position by referring to the answer given by the old Hermit of Prague to the niece of King Gorboduc, which he applied to himself — mutatis mutandis. " That that is, is ; so I being Master President, am Master President ; for what is that but that, and is but is." He trusted, therefore, that he should enjoy the easy chair, in which he now reclined, without further objection, molesta tion, let, or hindrance, from the Hon. C. C. Mr. Campbell acknowledged at once the conclusiveness of the President's logic, and so the matter, which, at first, seemed big with the fate of the House and Constitution, dropped innocuously into the Parliamentary waste- basket. In the Assembly, Mr. Wearne again brought on the tap- is his Permissive Liquor Bill. Its policy is to permit fermented aud spirituous liquors to be sold, and thus restrain the sale of them. This marvellous measure so tickled the Premier, that he immediately inserted Mr. Wearne's name in the list of the Refreshment Committee, the appointment of which he now moved, with power to sit, and stand to whom soever they pleased, during any adjournment. Captain Onslow was in a moody mood of mind, and evidently contemplated an onslaught on the Works Department. He moved for the production of papers relating to the removal of Mr. Moody from the office of Railway Traffic Manager. Motion carried. Right! gallant Captain. Fcstina lente — Forge ahead, Ohne Hast, ohne Fast, with your inquiry into the arcana of the Civil Service, and you will render the country the best service it has received for many years. Thursday, September 11. — " The Speaker took the chair at 28 minutes past 4 o'clock." So says the S. M. Herald ; but the public should be warned of the habitual incorrectness of the old lady's time piece. By Mr. Punch's infallible gold chronometrical repeater that notable event occurred at 4h. 28m. 29 "5s. p.m. precisely. The exact moment of such occurrences should be as carefully noted as the entrance of Venus on the Sun's disc must be at her coming transit. The Ministers were first examined at some length in the Shorter Political Catechism, and on the whole acquitted themselves very creditably. After which arose the debate of the evening — a debate which, for feebleness, confusion, and inconclusiveness, has never been equalled. The subject was History. Mr. Buchanan had found, to his utter amazement, that that important branch of knowledge was not taught in the Public Schools, and he moved that it should be. The omission was dreadful, degrading, monstrous, tremendous, and so on through the whole vocabulary of the mover's powerful qualificatives. History was the basis of all knowledge, and how could knowledge be built up without a basis 'to build on. Of course, the Priesthood were primarily to blame for this sad, shameful, and scandalous state of things. And the Government and Council of Education were cowards and cravens in giving way to the wishes of the Priesthood. The greatest minds had been exercised in writing histories. Not to mention Sanchoniathon, Berosus and Ocellus Lucanus, had not Hume, and Smollett (in his Peregrine Pickle) Carlyle, Mangnall, and Pinnock devoted their talents to historical researches ? Had not George Buchanan written a Historia Ferum Scoticarum and had not Davy Buchanan, following in the steps of his illustrious ancestor, produced a History of the English Reformation (in pamphlet form — price one shilling, to be had of all newsvendors) in which he had settled, conclusively, certain doubts as to the paternity and infant nurture of the Church of England? J by was this " Intellectual Fodder ! " excluded from the Public Schools ? Why should not the children learn all the horrible details of the massacre of St. Bartholomew ? Mr. Stewart : What good would it do them ? That was just like the honorable member. The honorable member thought there was no good in any knowledge but that of veterinary surgery. His head was not made for know ledge, and no knowledge could do him any good. Could Hamlet do him any good ? Could Sir John Falstaff, or Ancient Pistol, or honest Bardolph do him any good ? Could Dame Quickly or Dorothy Tear- sheet do him any good ? Could he appreciate the noble characters of Sir Toby Belch or Sir Andrew Aguecheek ? or to take the Midsummer Night's Dream, could he fathom the profundity of Nick Bottom ? An honorable member, (Mr. Punch) : — bless thee, Bottom, thou art translated ! Or to come down to Milton, could he derive any benefit from the debates in Pandemonium between Lucifer and Beelzebub, and Mammon and Belial. Mr. Stewart : I never read them ; it's all lies. (Fact — seeS.M.H.) They were not lies. Three centuries had borne witness to their truth. But they were all lost upon the hon. member, whose idiosyneracies were so idiotical that he could not enjoy or understand any reading but the Registrar-General's reports. Mr. Parkes admitted the defect complained of, but saw no means of curing it, and therefore he would hand over the hopeless case to the Council of Education. Carlyle had said that History is not to be learnt from histories but from records and correspondence, and, as he thoroughly agreed with that great author, he should be glad to furnish the Public Schools with the Government Gazette and Par liamentary papers as soon as published. It would be a good thing, however, to get up a good History of the Colony. His own career might be held up to the youth in the Public Schools as a grand example of patriotic statesmanship. Mr. Forster made some very unnecessary remarks about the Kiama Ghost (long ago laid by Mr. Punch) and the execution of O'Farrell. He asked how these historical characters were to be dealt with in the projected History. As for the hon. member's history, he would like to tear it in pieces. He would like to serve the craven Press of the Colony in the same way. Mr. Stewart maintained that the Public Schools were only intended for the instruction of the colonial youth in the three R.'s, including the Anatomy of the Horse — Botany, as exemplified in the cultiva tion of the thistle — Chemistry, as practically illustrated in the manufacture of the bolus, or pill — and Geography. It was a great mistake to say that History was the basis of knowledge, for there must have been people who knew what was what before a scrap of History was written. Besides, History was a mass of lies. Wit ness the History of Jack and the Bean Stalk, of Old Mother Hub bard, of Bluebeard, and others of the same kind, which the greatest scholars pronounced to be pure fiction, and yet they bore on the face of them as great an appearance of veracity as the works of Hume or Gibbon. Mr. Fitzpatrick closed the discussion in a very sensible speech, in which he shewed that the difficulty of introducing the teaching of History into our Public Schools was practically insurmountable, at least in this generation. Mr. Driver was then appointed Chairman of Committees for the Session ; and hon. members took the opportunity of driving off to their respective homes. Friday, September 12. — The proceedings commenced, as usual, by a catechetical examination of the Ministers. Mr. Buchanan brought in a Bill to tinker up his Divorce Act, and make it still more unlike the English Law. It was read, but not discussed. And, once more, the irrepressible Buchanan got np, aud brought under the notice of the House the case of a person who had been liberated from imprisonment, while a client of his still remained in durance for a similar offence. The Attorney-General shut him up, and, shortly after, the House itself was shut up. Tuesday, September 16. — Mr. Stewart, in the interests of charity, asked if the Charity Commissioners were paid anything for their labour. He had heard that they received nothing. Mr. Parkes disabused the mind of the hon. member. The Presi- sident (Mr. Windeyer) got four guineas for every sitting, short or long, and the other members a little less. The expenses of short hand writing alone were within a trifle of £500 ; and it might be guessed from that little fact what an amount of work had been got through. The Commissioners would go on with their rosy little game for a good while yet. Mr. Macleay delivered a lecture on surveying and mineralogy to the Minister for Lands, with illustrative specimens furnished gra tuitously by Barnes, Phillips, and Co. It was very learned, but being also very uninteresting, the customary vote of thanks was not given. Mr. Forster, in most inflammatory language, moved for the pro duction of papers relating to the dismissal of a railway station master of the name of Burns. Mr. Sutherland would produce the papers if they were not burnt. He had not read them for months. Reading was not his forte, but he liked writing. Mr. Cuuneen opened Mr. Scholey's case and exhibited its contents from top to bottom. It was a very long case and a very hard one, and Mr. Schoky called upon the Government to bear it. He had got into a scrape with Joe Eckford while discharging a public duty, and had been put to great expense in consequence. He couldn't see the fun of that, The House agreed with him, and then " adjourned at nine minutes past eleven p. m. " ( Herald time). 