x' '? ifn' ? j^_ ? 'oV*/ ARRIVALS.. ' June 15.— Leichhnrdt, A.S.N. Oo.'s s.e, 459 tons, Captain Saundors, from Sydnoy. Passcn pors : Mrs. Woodward and child, Mr. and Mrs. B. Morohoad, Mr. and Mrs. Hainos and child , Miaa Tooth, Miss M. A. Scott, Miss Gore, Miss A. Smith, Mrs. and Miss Reed, Miss Emanuel, Messrs. Stein, Copland, Sherwood, Eatton, Jonas, Horwitz, T. Onlder, E. Frasor, Graham, M'Kanino, P. Bradford, Christoe, Toussant, isoyco, Jrrinco, Adams, Jirionu, .Bennett, ana 30 in tho stoorago. June 16. — The Gfovornor Blackall, s.,, was coming lip the river, from the Northern Ports, just as our form wont to press. ' , . CLEARED OUTWARDS. Juno 16. — Adolaido, barque, 436 tons, 'West, master, for Newcastle, in ballast. \- ? IMPORTS (Bat Tn abe). ? ? Juno 15.^Jjeoriie, s., from the' Logan River : 9 bales wool, 7 hides, Harris. Juno 15.— Amy, s., from tho Logan Rivor : 20 bags maize and sundries, Order. Juno 15.— Emma, cutter, from Coomera : 28 bags maize, 48 dozen midjee canes, S. und N. Howes. Juno 15.— Kate Hall, cutter, from Ncrang Creek : 70 bags maize, S. and N. Howes. Juno 15. — Sea Q-ull, cutler, from Nerang Creek : 33 bags maize, S. and N. Howes. June 15. — Sarah Francis, cuttor, from tho Logan Rivera 80' bags maize and 20 hides, Piotzekor. IMPORTS. Leichlmrdt, s.s. from Sydney : G barrels rosin, 1 barrel salmon, 2 lcnsos, 1 caso bitters, 5-t pack ages merchandise, 250 baps flour, 10 cases sar eaparilla, 1 case oysters, 322 bags potatoes, CO cases' jams, Barker and Co. j 2 bales blankets, 2 cases shoes, 1 case hatchets, 25 cases earsa parillaj 10 cases oysters, 5 cases lobsters, 5 cases axes, 1 case shovels, 20 cases beer, J.Hor ivilz and Co. ; 2 cases, Eisenstaedtor ; 20 cases chicory, 10 cases vestas, T. Unmack; 3 hogs heads, 3 crates, 2 cases, Myers and Co. : 5 eases curac,oa, Brabant and Co.; 1 cask, 2 jars, 4 cuses drugs, 1 case acid, Borkley and Taylor; 6 cases wire, Medhurst and Co. ; 1 cask chain, 1 parcel, Boffnung and Co. ; 6 cases sarsnparilla, R. Lewin nnd Co. ; 100 cases sarsaparilla, Berens, Rannigev, and Co. ; 2 bags, 1 case seed, Rigby ; 1 bag seed, Walmsley ; 3 packages boots, S. Benjamin and Co. ; 1 pack age bools, 2 bales grass, 3 uorn shellers, 2 cases, J. and D. Benjamin ; 10 doors, 1 package sashes, W. Crane; 2 parcels mats, 135 bags rice, 800 bags flour, Quinlnn Donnelly, and Co. ; 4 cases biscuits, 15 kegs butter, 34 cases cheese, 10 bags peas, 2 bags canary seed, R. D. Neilson ; 1 case drapery, H. Stevens and Co. ; 3 cases clocks, M. Harris; 1 box pipes, 2 bundles buckets, 1 roll matting, 2 boxes shoes, 1 bundle bags, 1 cask sundries, 1 box washing powder, 1 case boots, 6 bags suit, I case hats, 2 bundles shovels, 2 bags 3 casks fish, 40 bags rice, 4 packages tea, 1 case herrings, 1 basket, 3 baskets cabbages, 4 packages olives, 1 case lollies, 1 case clothing, 2 cases sundries, 1 box blacking, 1 bundle brooms, 1 bag popper, Sum Kum Sang ; 1 bag rivets, T. Grrico ; 1 parcel, Livesey ; 1 parcel, Finney, Isles, and Co. : 25 cases sarsaparilla, Joso ; 20 cases whisky, Mort, Holland, and Co. ; 1 parcel, M'.Nab ; 1 pack-, nge, 4 kegs nails, j. and Gh Harris ; 18 bundles buckets, 350 bales fibre, Warde Brothers ; 4 cases sarsaparilla, Hicks ; 1 case, Steele j 18 bags onions; 60 cases fruit, J. Williams; 40 casks fruit, J. Beech : 50 bags oats, Hutchins and Co. ; 1 roll leather, J. Chesney ; 1 pareel, C. Street ; 2 packages tobacco, 1 package cigars, 1 package cigarettes, 1 bundle bags, 2 cases, 1 barrel apples, Sum Eum Sung ; 15 cases fruit, Widdop ; 40 cases jams, Webster and Co. ; 1 parcel, W. Camp; 20 kegs butter, 82 bags potatoes, E. Bennison ; 1 package, Hollander ; 1 pareel, Forrest ; 1 jar leeches, M. Ward ; 2 parcels, B. Gaujard ; 1. parcel books, W. M. Smith ; 1 case, Bennett and Co. ; , 1 parcel books, Watson and- Co. ; 1 parcel, Rov. E. Griffith ; 1 case ico, Lord Normanby ; 1 parcel music, Slater and Co. ; 15 pack ages, 100 eases brandy, G. Raff and Co. ; 12 packages boots, J. Hunter; 1 pareel, Kail way Department j 1 parcel, Hollander; 2 kegs butter, 14 bng3 potatoes, Brisbane Store; 17 cases fruit, Knowles ; 25 bags bran, 12 kega butter, 19 bags onions, 19 bags, oats, 20 cases fruit, J. Gibbous ; 1 cask oil, Lt. Smith ; 1 bundle fibre, Brookes and Foster ; 1 parcel, Harrison ; 350 bundles fibre, Perry Brothers ; 100 cases fruit, W.Blackford ; 5 cases vestas, E. and J. Young ; 10 cases veBtas, Clarke, Hodg son, and Co. ; 2 bales paper, H. Box and Sou; 1 truss, Manning; 50 boxes raisins, Brabant and Co. j 6 cases, Order ; 1 case, L. Car miohael ; 1 box, Queensland Company ; 1 ' package, Under-Secretary ; 20 cases fruit, 7 packages wood, 1 cask nuts, J. Greasley and Co. ; 1 box bats, F. Beattie ; 1 case, J. Mills ; 1 caBe, Chesney; 1 boiler plate, P. N. Russell and Co. ; 1 case, W. Howell ; 5 cases whisky, Woodward and Co. ; 2 cases, H. Spiro ; 1 bun dle mats, J. Forsylh and Co. For Ipswich : 1 cask oil, Myers and Ieambert ; 2 cases drapery, J. Pettigrew; 1 case drapery, B. Davidson ;, 1 case drapery, Greenham and Co.; 1 cask, 1 case sundries, 2 bundles stands, 4 packages boots, Cribb and Foote ; 40 packages tea, 12 barrels apples, 6 cases chutney, 5 packages tobacco, G. H. Wilson and Co. ; 1 ease shears, E. Qgg ; 10 cases fruit, J. Cameron ; 1 bag chains, 1 bundle spades, 2 bundles iron, 5 cases, 1 cask, R. Allarid ; 1 parcel, M. Harris; Ipswich Steamebs.— The Ipswich from tho A.S.N. Co.'s wharf, ana the Settler from Raff and.Co.'s wharf ut noou to- morrow (Tuesday). SYDNEr Stbamee. — The Governor Blaekal' fron the A.S.N. Co.'s wharf to-morrow (Tuos' ? ? Cabooltube Rivee Steamebs. — TheTadorna Radjah from Pottigrew's wharf on Wednesday evoning. Koethben Steaidshs. — Tho Leiehhardt from tho A.S.N. Co.'s wharf to-morrow, for Rook hampton via Maryborough, and the Queens land from the' same wharf at 1 p.m., for Rock humpsou, Gladstone, and Maryborough. LOGAN AND AlBEBT RlTEK StEAMEES. — The Leonie from Messrs. Harris' wharf on Tuesday evening, and tbo Amy from the Commercial wharf on Wednesday morning. The Walrus, steam lighter, made an experi mental trial trip down the river on Saturday afternoon for the purpose of testing her machi nery. The trial, considering the short space of time which has been occupied in fitting up the vessel with engine and ateam-wheel, was highly satisfactory, giving every reason to hope that her enterprising owners (Messrs. Clarke, Hodg eon', and Co.) will find that upon all things being found in working order und running smoothly, tho Walrus will not only carry a large cargo for her tonnngo, but attain a Bpeed, withherpoworful engine, up to tenknota. As the trial trip has not yet come off, wo shall refrain from dwelling upon her engineering and other equipments until that event comes off, when wo hope to bo all there to see and roport. Although our commeroial firms aro Buffering from the inconvenience consequent upon tho continued wot weather, their energies uro taxed : * to tho utmost limit to keop pace with tho growing demands inado upon their Btocks in hand — tbo various wharves, in spilo of tho rain, continue to be filled up with goods awaiting shipment. At Messrs. Clarke, Hodgson, and Co.'a wharf, tho barque Mary Ann Wilson, recently laid on for London, cannot stow away tho deadweight sent down to her fast enough to keep the wharf clear j outside of herthe Lord Raglan ia discharging her inward cargo for London, whilst a liUlo 'fleet of slonmboats, lightors, ovu alongside, receiving aud discharging cargoes. At ' Messrs. Raff and Co.'a wharf, two largo London ships, Lepnnto and Emo, aro discharg ing their cargoes from England, nnd some half dozen, coasting Bchoonors and Btnall crafts aro vapidly taking in cargoes for tho Northern Ports. Messrs; Quinlan, Donnelly, and Co., who occupy, a portion of tho City wharf, have throe' 'or' four v63sols on tho berth for ports north of, Maryborough. In fact our ship ping interests appear to have a good tiino of it, and we trust it is only tho fororuuner of ex panding trade, and a rapid settlement of popu lation on tho coast lands of tho colony. LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. [Pee Eleotbio '? Telegbapii.1 ? Cape Mobeto!J. — Arrival, June 16 : Gover nor Blaekall, s., from North. Phot Station;— Arrival, Juno 16 : Sohoonors Maid of Erin, Kate Monahan, and Lookout anchored off Pilot Station. Litton.— Arrival, Juno 16 : Barque, sup posed to be Spirit of tho South, anchored at bar ; Governor Blaekall arrived at bar. Maeybobotjgh. — Departure, Juno 14: Go vernor Blaekall, s., for Sydnoy via Brisbane Woodt IsirANT.— Arrivals, Juno 16 : Alardus anchored off Woody Island; Albatross, schooner ; a schooner, name unknown, anchored off the island. Towxsville. — Arrival, Juno 14 : James Paterson, s., from Bowen ; Lord Ashloy, s., from Cardwoll. Sndnkt. — Arrivals, Juno 14 : Lady Young, s., from Brisbane June 15 : Bothwoll Castle, ship, from Glasgow ; Zonobia, ship, from the Downs ; Halloween, ship,' from- Start Point; Blackbird, e., from Brisbano ; Essex, ship, from London. — Departures, Juno 14 : Islo of Augle soa, ship, for San Franoisco. Juno 15 : Ban galore, s., for Melbourne. MEiiUotrmfE. — Arrival, Juno 13. Aloxandra, s., from Sydnoy ; Hero, b., from Sydnoy. A MYSTERY OF THE SEA. We tako tho following from tho Gibraltar Chronicle : — In tho Chronicle of 13th of Docomber last appeared a short paragraph announcing tho arrival of the vessels Doi Gratia and Mary Celeste, tho latter of which was found abandonod at sea by tho former. An inquiry into tho caso was at once instituted, and has been going on evor since. As the circumstances of the case aro vory extraordinary, a summary of - tho facts may bo of interest. On the 13th December a report was made by tho master and crew of tho British ship Dai Gratia that on the 5th of that month they had found, in latitude 35 deg. 20 rain. N., longitude 17 deg. 15 min. W., a derelict ship, which they made out to bo tho American brigantino MaryColesto. They further stated that, at tho time when they fell in with the derelict, their, own ship, the Dei Gratia, was on the port tuck, the wind being from the north, while tho Mary Celeste, with her jib and foremost staysail set, was on tho starboard tack ; aud also that the derolict was perfectly sound, and there was not the least apparent cause for her having been abandoned. This latter statement was in ittelf so extraordinary that tbo Queen's Proctor in tho Admiralty Court, Mr. F. Solly- Flood, ordered a apecial survey of the vessel, in the first instance on the 23rd of December last, by Mr. Austin, surveyor of shipping, and Ricardo Porlunato, diver, accompanied by the Marshal of tho Court, Mr. T. Vecchio. The result of this und a subsequent survoy was, in brief, as follows : 1. As regards the cargo — it consisted of! barrels marked as containing alcohol, all of which were well stowed and in good order and condition, except one which had been started. 2\. As regards tho jextorior of tho hull below' the wnter line — it did not in any part exhibit the slightest trace, of damage, nor was thero any appearance that the vessel had come into collision with any other ship, ncr that she had ? struck on any ground or rock, nor, in short, _ that sho hud suBtalnea any 'injury whatever, tho hull, the copper with which it was covered, the stem, sterupost and rudder being all in good order und condition. 3. As regards tho interior of the Bhip— a very minute survey showed most clearly that not only had the:. vessel not sustained any accident, but that she could not havo encountered seriously heavy weather. Tho whole of tho hull, masts and yards were in good condition, and the pitch in tho water-ways had not started, which must havo been the case had any bad weathor been experienced. The deckhouse, made of thin planking and 6ft. high above the deck, was perfect; thero not being a crack in the planking nor even in the paint. Tho seamen's cheats and the clothing found on board were perfectly dry, some razors even being quite free from rust. Moreover, a small phial containing oil for use with a Bowing- maohine was found in a perpen dicular position, which, together with a thimble and a reel of cotton discovered near it, had not been upBet, as must havo been tho cobo if tho ship had been subject to any Btress of weather. Spare panes of glass were ulso found stowed away and unbroken. All tho articles of furni ture* in tho captain's cabin, including a harmo nium, wero in their proper places and uninjured by water, the niusio and other books being also dry. Finally, the. conclusion arrived at by the surveyor, Mr. Austin, is that there exists no apparent reason why tho vessel was abandoned. But, in addition to the above facts, a nword was discovered which, on ita being drawn out of its scabbard, exhibited signB of having been smeared with blood, and afterwards wiped ; further, the top-gallant rail had murks ou it apparently of blood, and both bows of tho vessel had been cut, to all appearance intentionally, with! some sharp instrument. No bills of lading or manifest was found on board. Tho effects found in tho captain's cabin wore of considerable value, and proved that a lady and child had been on board. Tho ship's log, which was found on board, show that tho last day's' work of the ship was on tho 24th No vember, sea time, when the weathor allowed an observation to be taken, which placed the vessel : in latitude 36 deg. 56 min. N., longitudo'27deg. 20 min. W. Tho entries on the slate log wero, however, carried on up to 8 a.m. on the 25tb, at which time the vessel passed from W. to E. to tho north of the island St. Mary's (Azores), the eastern point of which at 8 a.m. boro S.S.W., Bix uiilea distant. The distance of tho longitude of the place whoro the Mary Celeste was found from that of the island of St. Mary's is 7 deg. 54 min., and the corrected distance of the lati tude from tho position last indicated in tho log is 1 deg. 18 min. N., so that tho vessel appa rently had held on her duo courso for ten days after the 25th of November, tho wheel being loose all the time. But the \ log of tho Dei Gratia ehows that during the timo from the 25th of November to the day sho n.et the Mary Celeste the wind was more or less to the north, and that she was on the port tack during the whole of that period. It appears there fore almost impossible that tho derelict should have, compassed within tho same timo a dis tance of 7.54 E. at all events on tho starboard tuck, upon which sho was met by the Dei Gratia, and tho obvious in ference is that she was not abandoned until some days after tho last entry mado in tho log. Naturally, various theories aro set up to ac count for this extraordinary series of facts, and tho finding of the sword and tho blood Btains aro hold to point to Borne deod of violence. Be this as it may, tho iact remains that up to tho present dato not a word hua been heard nor a trace discovered of tho captain or the crew, or tho lady and hor oliild. Tho Captain, R. S. Briggs by nume, is woll-known in Gibraltar, and bore tho highest charaotor. It can only be hoped that by giving tho utmost publicity to tho circumstances some light may be thrown on this, at present, most mysterious caso. 