REPORT OF COMMISSION. The i-eport of the Commission appointed to take evidence on our Public Charities has at length, so far as the Infirmary is concerned, been presented and published. It is very a'oluminous, and does not dis appoint us in its style and conclusion. VV hen Ave kneAv Avho the Commissioners Avere Ave kneiv beforehand Avhat the report Avould be. Its chairman Avas a guarantee that at least e\'ery thing Avould be done to bring off the " Lady " scatheless. The majority of the membei's of the Commis sion Avas also a guarantee that only one side Avould be taken care of — the side Avhich AA'us knoAvn to be the one Avhich Avould satisfy him Avho had .appointed it. So exactly it has turned out. Tavo of the Commissioners, Messra. Wearne and Goold, have refused to sign or adopt the report. We do not knoAV the ground; but Ave hope that the evidence which they have to rely on for their exception is evidence Avhich they themselves exjiiscated and is sufficient to warrant their marked refusal. We give the report the only character Avhich Ave think it Avill receive from all inipiirtial readers. Adz., that it is " weak. wasny ana woray. xt is, pretentious Avitlual. There is an air of candour about it, Avhile it is very deferential in all its "submissions" and "suggestions." It affects great simplicity of logic, Avhile its special pleading is characteristic of a barrister whose case requires very tender treatment. EA'eii when it hsis a point Avhich it intends to censure it cannot exhibit manliness ; but Avlien it has the gallant service to render of defending a lady, it is Avonderful the depth of his feminine sympathy ! "Tell me," s.aid one, who was Avell able to judge, "avIio the chairman of your committee or Commission is, and I Avill tell you Avhat your report Avill be." It Avas impossible to approA'e of the building of the Infirmary, and therefore of course it is condemned — timidly con demned, and the projected Prince Alfred Hospital is to remedy all defects. It Avas impossible to approve the mor.al state of the Infirmary ; but this was to be excused .as far as possible by referring to the build ing, and then for the rest the manager and the committee Avere to be made the scape goats ; the Nightingale lady Avas to be held Avholly free. The " horrible places," the disgusting vermin, the foul pollution in certain offices, the heaps of rotting clothing — a very nest of disease and filth, iCrr nil "f.liiR is Ka nnpnimfAfl -Fny .and some one is to blame ; and the Com missioners will .show their ingenuity in discovering that the lady superintendent "had nothing to do" with such beastly abomination in an establishment under her management, and their ingenuity becomes positively marvellous Avhen they detect that the " existence of clergymen on the committee" may have something to do Avith it ! Even the Herald feels that the unmeasured praise Avhich the Commission gives in a certain direction is A'ery astounding, in the face of the fright ful pollutions and disgusting uncleanness which have prevailed among the patients dead and living : — " In spite of the high commendations given," says the HercM, " to the superintendents, we have to sum mon all the extenuations we can recall to justify the praise that has been given." No Avonder. It may be of vast advantage to have a " lady " — perhaps a " lady by birth " — at the head of such an establish ment ; it may elevate the " inferiors but when such horrible filth and disgust ing uncleanness prevail under the super intendence of a lady, the inferiors are very apt to come to the belief that such a state of vermin and discomfort is normal and respectable. In speaking of the nursing system, the Commissioners have shewn their capacity for swallow and slumming. They say that the lady is "supposed" to be responsible for the cleanness of the wards : but thev add, her responsibility has never been " clearly defined." They say that the training of nurses was an " impoitant part of her duty but they add, " her efforts in this direction have been discouraged !" They say th.at she has "talents and com petency," and that Miss Nighting.ale thinks her a " clever nm-se but they wisely re frain from giodng a single proof of this. The Avhole statement, however, is untrue. Her responsibility as to the " cleanness of 'the -wards " coidd not be more clearly defined than it teas, thali U is in the very natuieofherduty ; andit is utterly a fabrica tion that she has been discouraged to " train nurses." The fact is, that by her peculiar management she m.anaged to drive from the Institution every trained nurse Avho came here with her, and out of the hundi'eds of young ladies Avho have gone to her to begin their " training " Ave do not know that more than one or tAvo have continued with her. It is certainly a very high " testamur " to the manage ment and qualities of this perfect super intendent, to say in the report of a Royal Commission, " It is regarded on all sides as being a great improvement upon the old system Avhich Avas in vogue in the Infirmary !" The shade of the late Mrs. Ghost may well reply — "No doubt; if my old system had had the thousands spent upon it Avhich have been spent smce I Avalked the Avards, I too could have shoAvn vei-y gi- eat improvements !" The Commission has pi-onounced very decisively in favour of the title "sister" being given to the nurses ; and certainly the "reasons" ought to be printed in black letters and placed side by side Avith "the document in the Hospital of St. Thomas." The Commissioners say that unless this term be used the " recognition of official rank in the nurses is |done away ;" that consequently " the influence and authority " of these niu-ses on the loAver servants and patients .are " Aveak- ened;" tliat unless this term be used " st.atus and position " on the p.art' of the nurses " are made less aji object of ambition among those Avho by education and character are best fitted for the office ;" and that the lady superintendent has found that unless this term be used " she has a difficulty in inducing fit persons to tr.ain," because Avithout this title they are apt to be " addressed as if they Avere servants and not officers of the Institution !" All this is so pjiltry — so driA'elling — so obviously the bolstering up of a foregone conclusion — and so manifestly a pleading that the lady's mere preference should be granted — that the Commissioners, as bearded men, ought to be ashamed of themselves. But their gallantry carries them too far. They say, in their chapter on " manage ment," that the present state of things gives " very general satisfaction ;" that it is a " marked improvement ;" that the " duties of the nursing staff are discharged, in the opinion of the Commissioners, in a highly satisfactory manner, under the efficient management of Miss Osburn ; th.at accusations to the contrary are refuted by the one proof that the only department in the Institution efficiently administered is that under the charge of this lady; that the good effect of her system and management is " abundantly clear ;" and that the official and honorary medical staff concur in S27eaking of the ni ilxo nwexoooti iintna iti r\ TbCV/OC/C« KfV (A7V/I/1/ XXl. VVEUtlS V/J. approbation varying from simple appro bation to an opinion that it is so perfect that it is incapable of inifirovement." Well ; if all this be true — if the half of it be true — and without the use of the envied and talismanic title of " sisters " — Avhat on earth is Avanted more ? If we haA-e nursing and management, as at present conducted, th<at are incapable of improvement, Avhat is proposed by grant ing the title of " sisters ?" The "ambition" of those ladies Avho Avish to be " officers " of the Institution and not "serA'ants," must be very unAvorthy of a Royal Com mission,. and of the thousands of pounds which this report has cost the country, if, AAuthout the Popish and unmeaning title, there be everything so perfect that it is " incapable of improvement." 