Miscellaneous. THE WEATHER AND THE SWALLOWS.— It is said that " One swallow does not make a summer." This would seem to imply that a plurality of swallows would make a summer. If so, then we have summer on the Swamp, as a pair of swallows have been noticed fly- ing about there and visiting an old nest in a shed at the railway station for some days past. The weather is mild and favorable for vegetation. The swallows may have made a mistake and come over here too early in the season. They may have to suffer from severe frosty weather before the real spring sets in, but if they have made a blunder in appearing too soon the flowers and the budding fruit trees are doing pre- cisely the same. MEETING AT ELIZABETH TOWN.—A meet- ing of the landholders of the Midhurst road district will be held at Mr John Spicer's, Saddler's Arms, at 1 p.m. on the 7th July next to take into consideration the advisa- bility of petitioning the Governor to pro- claim a new road from the Mersey and De- loraine road near Elizabeth Town through lands of Messrs. Bonnily, Field, and Griffin to the Deloraine and Mersey Tramway. REPORTS LAID BEFORE PARLIAMENT.— We have received copies of the following reports :—On Municipal Police : Territorial Police ; Port Arthur ; Chief Inspector of Sheep ; Tasmanian Public Library ; of the Royal Society ; of Board of Immigra- tion ; General Hospital, Hobart Town ; Queen's Asylam for destitute children ; Cascades Establishment ; Ragged Schoels, Hobart Town ; Benevolent Society, Hobart Town ; Statistics of Tasmania ; Tasmanian Council of Education ; and Accounts of Marine Boards. BILLS BEFORE PARLIAMENT.—We have received copies of the following bills intro- duced in the House of Assembly :—A bill to make new provisions for the appointment of the Sheriff of Tasmania ; A bill to regulate the salary of officers administering the Government of Tasmania and for other purposes ; A bill to consolidate and amend various enactments relating to the adminis- tration of the criminal law ; and a bill to provide for the treatment and cure of in- ebriates. FRENCH WITHOUT A MASTER.—We have received from Mr M. A. Cleary, agent for the publishers, a specimen copy of portions of the three parts of Monsieur G. Le Roy's new book " Are easy Method to Learn French Without a Master," published by Messrs. Evans Brothers, of Melbourne. The object of the work is to teach the French language to students who cannot afford the loss of time, trouble, and expense entailed by the ordinary methods of instruction. For the French text it was considered advisable to select the description of language used in good society and the celebrated Spanish novel, Gil Bias, has been resorted to as the best specimen of the kind ever written in French. In the first part each line of the test is accompa- nied by three other explicative lines, one for pronunciation, one for good translation, and one for verbatim translation. This part is to contain 360 pages. In the second part there are only two explicatative lines, pronun- ciation and good translation, and in the third only one explicative line—good translation. The second and third parts are to contain about 100 pages each—560 pages in all. The instructions for the guidance of students are remarkably clear it is supposed that any intelligent person going carefully through the volume and thoroughly mastering its contents will have acquired a sound, practi- cal knowledge of the language, and be able to read and understand easily any other French work. This specimen of the three parts conveys a clear idea of the process of self tuition thus placed within the reach of all students who can read and understand the English language. ANOTHER SMALL BORE RIFLE MATCH.— Another match between five Launceston v. five Hobart Town crack shots was fixed for Saturday. The Launceston men made the following excellent score :— | | 400 | 500 | 600 | | | yds. | yds. | yds. | TI. | | Martini | 25 | 26 | 23 | 74 | | Coulter | 26 | 20 | 23 | 69 | | Hudson | 25 | 26 | 25 | 76 | | Mills | 27 | 20 | 24 | 71 | | Jones | 22 | 22 | 20 | 64 | | 354 | Average, 704-fifths. Weather, dull but calm. THE INTERCOLONIAL CHAMPION PLOUGH- ING MATCH.—This event is to come off on the Geelong Town Common on Thursday, the 24th July. If northern Tasmania is to be represented at this great match, prompt action will be requisite on the part of those who have in their hands the privilege of selecting the requisite competitors and the duty of providing them with funds to cover the necessary expenses. At the request of Mr J. Campbell, secretary to the Geelong and Western District Agricultural Society, we published in the advertising columns of the Cornwall Chronicle of Monday, the programme of events for the Champion day and also the rules for the guidance of com- petitors. Mr Campbell writes thus in reply to a letter from Mr Hogarth :—" The com- mittee have advertised for a meeting to be held on Saturday next for the purpose of ascertaining if horses can be obtained for parties from Tasmania, and, if so, on what terms ; this on the district understanding that the society does not take the respon- sibility." GOLD FRAUDS IN MELBOURNE.—The Mel- bourne correspondent of the South Austra- lian Advertiser writes that " Some short time ago a board was appointed to take charge of the parcels left in the hands of the Govern- ment when the escort service was broken up, and to report on their contents, the value of which, when once realised, was to be carried to the credit of the colonial trust funds. Very nice parcels most of these were to be looked at—carefully packed, neatly ad- dressed, and apparently stuffed either with gold or bank notes, some of them probably with both ; but which had never been called opening numbers one, two, and three, they were found to contain lead, not gold, and the addresses had probably been altered by some of the rascally receivers of those days, to prevent their being called for by the ficti- tious addresses. Numbers four, five, and six were found to contain rolls of closely packed cap or brown paper, not bank notes, so manipulated, doubtless, by the same per- sons, and for the same reasons. Still there was a considerable number containing gold, which was deposited in the Mint, and bank notes, for which cash was immediately pro- cured." LAUNCESTON BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.—Re- turn of the number of persons relieved dur- ing the week ending June 25, 1873 :—23 men, 64 women, and 195 children. " BAD FOR THE COO."—The passengers by the early morning train to Melbourne on Monday (says the Ballarat Courier), when between Buninyong and Lal Lal, were startled by three successive jerks, indicating that the engine had run over something on the line. The train was stopped, and the re- mains of three cows were discovered on the track. The animals, which belonged to a man named Griffiths, had found their way through the fence, and so come to grief. The guard and driver got the line clear for the goods train, which was to follow, and then resumed their journey. THE POSTAL QUESTION. — We have re- ceived from Sydney a pamphlet entitled " The Diplomacy of Victoria on the Postal Question, and the true Policy of New South Wale's." The pamphlet takes, of course, the New South Welsh view of the postal question, and is very severe upon " the di- plomacy of Victoria as shown in the pro- ceedings which have thrown the ocean mail service into confusion and uncertainty." In recommending the Torres Straits mail line we are told that " As a passenger and mail route, this new line offers many strik- ing advantages. The commercial value of the line may be safely affirmed to be un- equalled. We preserve unimpaired ou steam communication with Europe, and vastly improve that part of it which unites us with the East. In addition to this, we open up to Australian enterprise one of the richest and least developed regions of the globe, and are established in the most intimate relations with countries hitherto almost outside the pale of civilisation and commerce, which may become great centres of trade and wealth. May we not aspire to emulate among the islands of the Eastern Archi- pelago that adventurous policy which in earlier times laid the foundations of the supremacy and grandeur of the mother country ? Some of these wonderful islands such as New Guinea, Borneo, Java, and Sumatra, are the largest in the world, if we except Australia. They possess a healthy climate ; resources of unsurpassed variety ; and they are watered by large and navigable rivers. In their vast forests there is an in- exhaustible supply of valuable timber. In the vegetable kingdom, they produce sago, camphor, nutmegs, dye-woods, cinnamon, citrons, betel, pepper, ginger, rice, grain, yams, cotton, sugar, coffee, indigo, tea, and tobacco. In minerals, coal (said to be superior to English), antimony, iron, tin, zinc; copper, sulphur, saltpetre, alum, naph- tha, lead, silver, gold, and diamonds." THE BANGLORE.—The R.M.S.S. Ban- galore sailed from Melbourne on 18th inst., with the Australian and Zew Zealand mails for England and the East. In addition to her general cargo, the Bangalore took 80,232 ounces of gold, that is to say 2 tons 4 cwt. 3 qrs. 2½lbs., calculating by avoirdupois weight, and also £101,481 10s in specie. Amongst her passengers were Mr Saul Samuel, postmaster-general of New South Wales ; Mr H. H. Hall, who goes to Eng- land to procure steamers for the mail service via San Francisco ; and Mr Macaulay, who represented the P. and O. Company in the recent contract concluded by the Victorian Government for the Suez route. Mr Hall is confident of the success of his scheme, and mentioned that the steamships for the trans- Pacific station would come out from Eng- land via the Cape of Good Hope with immi- grants for New South Wales. GHOSTS AT THE ANTIPODES.—All digni- fied ghosts in the other hemisphere, have, with due self respect selected suitable time and place for making their appearances to mortals still in the flesh, but as usual we find matters even in this respect reversed at the antipodes. According to the " true narrative" of the head of a well known Melbourne firm, Victorian ghosts are in the practice of jostling people in crowded streets instead of confining their rambles to the cloisters of old monasteries, the ram- parts, halls, or secret passages of ancient castles, cathedrals, churches or mansions. It is true we have no such antiquities in these colonies for the convenience of ghosts, and perhaps it may be necessary they should occasionally turn out to take the air, and there may be special reasons for one making an occasional appearance opposite the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne. The narra- tive we refer to appears in the Daily Telegraph of Wednesday, 18th inst., and is vouched for as " strictly true." " Very extraordinary things have, from time to time, been said and written on the subject of ghosts. I myself have read and heard of thousands of instances to all appearances well authenticated ; but never have I had the fortune, good or bad, to be brought face to face with one. However, facts are stubborn things ; and I offer the following facts for the acceptance of your readers :— On Saturday afternoon, the 14th inst., I was on my way home from business, in company with a gentleman ; the time was as nearly as possible six to ten minutes past 6. We were passing along Spring-street, on the op- posite side to the Princess's Theatre, and about opposite to that building, when I suddenly imagined I was on the point of running against some object which was crossing the footpath from the fence to the road, and I put out my hands to prevent striking. I observed the extraordinary appearance pass across my path, and, its it were, completely in the way of my friend, who was walking on my left hand. He instantly stopped, and also placed his hands out in order to pre- vent a collision. In pure astonishment we watched the appearance for about four seconds, when it completely vanished. I may add that the nearest person in front was some little distance on, and there was no person for some distance behind. The ap- pearance was of a very peculiar grey trans- parent nature. I could not for the life of me say the form it took. The suddenness of its appearing and disappearing, coupled with the unusual start which the affair gave to both of us, would account for the want of a closer examination. A few words in con- clusion. On Sunday, 15th, the following day, I was passing the spot, only this time on the top of an omnibus, when I pointed to the place and mentioned the fact to the driver, who told me that another gentleman, about a month or six weeks back, had stated that he came bolt up against somebody ord something at that very spot, and that he shouted out to it, ' Now, then, mind where you're coming,' when he also was some- what startled to see the appearance sud- denly disappear." CROWNER'S 'QUEST LAW.—An amendment of the law relating to coroners is occupying the attention of the Victorian Crown law of ficers ; and Mr Kerferd, on Tuesday, during the discussion of the item on the Estimates, said he hoped shortly to lay it before Parlia- ment. PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS RECEIVED.—Re- ports of the General Hospital, Launceston, and of Invalid Depot, Launceston, of Post Office stamps sold and money order returns, Correspondence, Main Line Railway, Mersey and Deloraine Tramway, and with reference to completion of the Admiralty Survey of Tasmanian coasts. We have also received copies of the Draft Bill to amend the law relating to the property of married women. THE " AUSTRALASIAN PHONETIC REPOR- TER."—We have received a copy of the " Aus- tralasian Phonetic Reporter," edited by John T. C. Cook, of Franklin-street, Melbourne. The leading article is entitled " Who are You ?" and says—" Such is a very natural question for any reader of this journal to ask of the conductor, to which I will give a short and explicit answer. The conductor is a first-class member of the Phonetic Society and a very fast shorthand writer ; he is con- ductor of the ' Townley House Reporter ' and another shorthand magazine — has acquired considerable practice in the practical part of conducting a first-class magazine. It is scarcely necessary to say that he will en- deavor to do the very best he can to make this bold venture a success. To his other qualifications he also adds the practical ex- perience of a shorthand reporter having been for a short time connected with the Press and having in many cases taken verbatim reports for publication. He will endeavor to make the magazine, as regards outline, a reflex of the latest English improvements, and in all departments will use his best efforts to aid the young phonographer and to qualify for a verbatim shorthand writer. I believe, and believe firmly, that a smat- tering of shorthand, like a smattering of anything else, is worthless ; each phono- grapher should aim at being able to report a speaker strictly verbatim. This, though sel- dom required, should be the aim and pur- pose of every phonographer. The pleasure which one experiences in feeling himself capable of following a rapid speaker is am- ple payment for the trouble of acquiring his proficiency." We quite concur in the views of Mr Cook, but think he might have im- proved his style of composition if he had remained a long instead of a " short time connected with the Press." THE STATISTICS OF TASMANIA.—In our leader on the statistics laid upon the table by Mr Scott on the 17th instant, we remarked : " On one point the statist somewhat puzzles us. According to his report the annual value of property in the colony as shown by the valuation rolls is £600,476, but on referring to the statistics we find the annual value set down at only £570,476. There is here a dis- crepancy of £30,000 which is not explained." When writing we had overlooked that on the last page the error had been corrected, thus —" In return of Municipalities, at p. 130, column 7, total, and also in return at p. 131, for £308,846 2s read £338,846 2s ; and in the total of the latter for £570,476 read £600,476." ASSEMBLY ROOMS, LONGFORD.—The Long ford Choral Society will give a concert at the above rooms on Tuesday evening next, for which occasion an attractive programme has been arranged. THE ORGAN AT THE MECHANICS' INSTI- TUTE.—The repairs to the large organ by Messrs. Joscelyne and Redfearn have been completed, and we understand, was to be for- mally handed over as complete to the com- mittee of the Institute yesterday. PEDESTRIANISM.—The foot race on the Mowbray course has caused a little ex- citement among the amateurs. We hear of a flat race of 100 yards being already ar- ranged between two other gentlemen, and several others are talked about. If those interested would only arrange among them- selves to have three or four little events to come off on the same day, a very enjoyable afternoon's sport might be had. FLOTSAM AND JETSAM.—The steam-tug Tamar brought up the river on Thursday a punt or flat-bottomed scow, which had drifted across her bows while at anchor off Barnard's Point the previous night. It is a well-made article, and from its shape appears to have been constructed for use in duck shooting. Judging from he broken piece of rope attached it is very possible it had broken from its moorings somewhere down the river and gone on its travels without leave. SUDDEN DEATH.—George Hewson, a shoe- maker, residing alone in a cottage in Frederick-street, died rather suddenly on Thursday. He had his arm broken some time ago, and since then he has not been in good health. He had been confined to the house by illness for a few days previous to his death. He worked for Mr Hargreaves, who called to see him yesterday, and finding him much worse he gave information to the police. Detective Sergeant Wilson went for Dr. Mason, but when that gentleman ar- rived at Hewson's place, about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, he was past medical aid—in fact he was dead. We are not aware whether the Coroner will consider an inquest necessary. ACCIDENT AT LONGFORD.—Henry Evans, son of Mr Henry Evans, of the Coach and Horses, Launceston, was spending the winter holidays at Longford, on a visit at Mr Allen, the baker there, and on Thursday morning he went out with the lad who was delivering bread to the customers. Young Evans, a fine lad about 15 years of age, was driving, but when turning a corner near Brickendon, one of the wheels got in a deep rut and the jolt threw him off the bread cart. He fell with such violence that his right arm was broken within a few inches of the shoulder. After lying a few minutes to recover he got up and, though suffering much pain, walked gallantly in to Longford, and called on Dr. Mason. Mr and Mrs Evans were informed of what had happened and they went out to Longford, but finding that Dr. Mason had applied splints to the fractured limb and that he recommended rest, they allowed the lad to remain under the care of Dr. Mason for the present. PROFESSOR NASH.—Mr George C. Nash, the electro-biologist, arrived here from Mel- bourne recently, and on Tuesday evening, 17th instant, gave a lecture in the Council Chamber, Evandale on mesmerism and electro-biology. On Thursday even- ing, 12th instant, he gave a lecture at Cleveland, where the Main Line Railway navvies attended in great force, and the pro- fessor was very successful in obtaining sub- jects. To some of these he supplied raw potato as a substitute for apple dumpling, and they seemed to enjoy it. Water was made excellent substitutes for coffee, spirits, and Epsom salts. One subject was made so rigid that his head was placed upon one chair with his heels on another, and the pro- fessor then stood upon the rigid body which did not shrink in the least. The professor has gone on to Hobart Town to test his abili- ties on some of the most loquacious members of Parliament, and on his return will deliver a series of lectures in Launceston. FANTOCINNI'S DIGRAMA OF THE WORLD.— This popular entertainment having appeared at Evendale and Longford this week to crowded houses, is now en route to the west- ward to open at Deloraine on Monday, 30th instant, and will show at Westbury on Tues- day, July 1st. The success winch attended this entertainment in Launceston, will no doubt secure for it liberal patronage in the country. The practice of giving away a number of prizes will also be continued. ABSURD ECONOMY. — The Government Printer has been seized with a sudden and most absurd fit of economy, by reason of which members of Parliament and officials connected with the Houses of Legislature, find it exceedingly difficult to obtain copies of the daily notice papers. Surely a few sheets of paper daily are not to be considered of such vast importance that the time of gentlemen engaged in the business of the public should be uselessly wasted for want of the notice papers. The officers of the House should take the matter in hand, and see that proper supplies of all public papers are forthcoming. THE LATE MR EDWARD SYMONDS.—The flags on all the shipping in port on Thursday were flying half-mast high in respect to the memory of Mr Edward Symonds, who died at the Launceston Hotel about half-past eight o'clock on Thursday morning. But few men in Tasmania have been so well known to the business community of this and the adjoin- ing colonies as Mr Symonds. Every master of an intercolonial vessel knew him intimately. He arrived in this colony at the age of 14 years. He was born at East Knighton, in the county of Dorset, in 1816, and was consequently 57 years of age. He arrived here with his father, mother, and two sisters in the year 1830, and some forty years ago was clerk and salesman for Mr Gullan, whose mill, about 16 miles down the West Tamar, supplied Launceston with flour. At that time there were two mills in Laun- ceston, but they were both windmills—one on the Windmill-hill and the other on land at the northern end of Margaret-street where the outlet to the main sewer now is. Mr Symonds had been a Custom-house and com- mission agent for about thirty years. He had great experience in the value of cattle, sheep, grain, and all descriptions of colonial produce. After the death of Mr Beckford, about 1854, Mr Symonds took the range of stores in Cimitiere-street where he trans- acted a vast amount of business in grain for some years. The fluctuations and sudden decline in the value of breadstuffs, owing to the importation of Californian wheat and flour and English oats to the other colonies, were the cause of serious losses to him and others in the grain trade at that time, and all the capital he had made was swept away from him. Much sympathy was felt for him by the Messrs Field and many other gentlemen who knew the trustworthy, honorable char- acter of the man. He had been in failing health for a long time past, but he seldom complained, even to those with whom he was most intimate. Mr Symonds was unmarried, but his mother was with him during the brief time he was confined to his bed at the Launceston Hotel. One of his sisters is the wife of Mr H. Solomon, of Longford, the owner of much property in Launceston and the north. The remains of Mr Symonds will be interred in the cemetery off Mulgrave- square, left the Launceston Hotel at 3 p.m., yesterday. NEWSTEAD PLOUGHING ASSOClATION.— The members of this association and all per- sons interested in the Newstead Ploughing Match for 1873, are requested to meet at the Newstead Inn at 7 p.m. on Wednesday, July 2nd. ANNEXATION OF NEW GUINEA AGAIN. —Our cablegram of Thursday night contains another extraordinary announcement to the effect that Commander Moresby, of the Basilisk, has only taken possession of some small islands hitherto supposed to form part of the mainland of New Guinea. Why he should do so when the British Government states that it is indisposed to annex New Guinea, Fiji, or any other islands in this hemisphere is quite inexplicable. CORRECTION.—In the report of the debate on the address in reply to the Governor's Speech in our last issue, the name of Mr Castley was erroneously inserted instead of that of Dr. Butler. Mr Castley informs us that the remarks made by no means repre- sent his sentiments, and he requests us to state that he did not take any part in that discussion at all. INTERCOLONIAL PLOUGHING MATCH.—A meeting of the United Northern Ploughing Association comprising farmers and others was held at Blair's Hotel, Carrick, on Tuesday, previous to the fortnightly stock sale. There were present D. Burke, Esq., Warden of Westbury, and Mr Laird, representing that district. Messrs. W. H. Oldaker, and G. Scott, jun. for Hagley, Messrs. H. Blackwell and J. H. Emery for Bishopsbourne. Mr Newson for Longford and Mr R. Clarkfor Westwood, Mr W. H. Knight of the Phœnix Iron Works and the secretary Mr T. Hogarth representing the town. Mr Burke was called to the chair. The minutes of the last meeting were read and con- firmed, after which a conversational inter- change of ideas respecting the importance of the event they were met to further, viz., the grand intercolonial match to be held on the Geelong Town Common on the 24th prox., and the most effectual and disira- ble means of being well represented. It was proposed by Mr Blackwell and seconded by Mr Laird that four persons be appointed to compete in the forthcoming match. Carried unanimously. Resolved—" That a committee be appointed to collect the necessary funds." Mr Burke said as the time was short until the men would have to leave and be put in possession of the necessary funds to pay their way, he would guarantee £5 for Exton, when Messrs. Oldaker and Laird undertook the same amount for Hagley and Westbury, Messrs. Emery and Blackwell promising £5, and Mr Knight and Mr. Hogarth each guaran- teeing a like sum. It was next proposed by Mr Emery, seconded by Mr Oldaker, that the following northern competitors be appointed to represent the several northern Tasmanian districts as follow :—Samuel Freeland, for Bishopshourne ; Alexander Robinson, for Cressy ; Henry Laird, jun., for Westbury and Hagley ; William Kidd, for Evandale and White Hills. Unanimously carried. NORTHERN AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.—A general meeting of members of this society will be held at the Blenheim Hotel, Long- ford, at 2 p.m. on the 10th July, to elect president and officers, and to appoint com- mittees for the ensuing year. PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS RECEIVED.— Main Line Railway Correspondence ; Cor- respondence as to Completion of Admiralty Survey of Tasmanian Coasts ; Report of Benevolent Society, Launceston ; Report of the Brickfields Pauper Establishment, Hobart Town. MAIN LINE RAILWAY WORKS.—Some little attention was attracted in town on Tuesday afternoon, by a large wagon and a dray passing through the streets piled high with some forty or fifty wheelbarrows and a quantity of picks, shovels, &c.;, evidently destined for some extensive navvy work in the country. ON enquiry we found they were intended for the Main Line Railway works at Snake Banks and Epping Forest, and learning that the barrows had been made in the company's workshops on the Swamp, we looked in there and found 8 or 9 men working as if for dear life to complete 150 more wheelbarrows which are urgently re- quired out on the line. Barrows in every stage of progress were lying about, the bodies being made of hardwood and the sides of Huon and Moreton Bay pine. The wheels are Victorian manufacture and were imported from Melbourne. POSTAGE FEE ON LATE LETTERS.—Re- cently the Post Office authorities have charged a late letter fee of three-pence upon each letter placed on board a steamer with mail for any port. The late letter fee is exactly a fine of one hundred per cent upon the postage of a ship letter ; but in Victoria the late letter fee was sixpence, and when not paid in Victoria it was levied upon the persons to whom the letters were addressed in other colonies. We are glad to learn from the Postmaster here that the Victorian 200 per cent. charge has been reduced to 100, or three-pence on each letter, which is the same as the postal tariff in this colony. The following is the score made by the Hobart Town men on Saturday :— | 400 | 500 | 600 | | yds. | yds. | yds. | Total. Westbrook | 23 | 20 | 17 | 60 Roblin | 23 | 19 | 17 | 59 Murdoch | 22 | 17 | 11 | 50 Littlechild | 24 | 11 | 11 | 46 Webb, absent—average by arrangement 68 | 283 Average,fifty-six three-fifths. Wind stormy and squally from left to left front. THE LATE MICHAEL CONNORS.—We are requested to contradict the rumour that the rites of the church were withheld from the deceased Michael Connors in consequence of his having been a member of a secret society. The sole reason was because the unfortunate man had committed the crime of bigamy, and was living in adultery at the time the accident occurred which so suddenly caused his death. The order of Good Templars, being a moral association, having no political end in view but the gene- ral welfare of the community, the rule with reference to secret political societies does not apply to members of the order of Good Templars. LAUNCESTON DISCUSSION CLASS.—On Mon- day evening the members of the above class met at the Mechanics' Institute for the pur- pose of confirming the rules brought up by the sub-committee at the previous meeting and the election of officers for the ensuing session. The rules were gone through seria- tim and passed, after which the Rev. W. Law was elected president ; his Worship the Mayor, John Murphy, Esq., vice-president ; Mr John Ferguson, secretary ; and Messrs J. Toan, H. Ritchie, M. A. Cleary, and A. Nicholas, member's of the committee. The first subject which had been agreed upon for discussion, " Is protection or free trade the most beneficial to young countries ?" was then called on. Before Mr Nicholas, the advocate for the protectionists, commenced the debate the President read a letter from Mr T. C. Just, the leader of the free traders, apologising for his absence as he was una- voidably detained in Hobart Town. As Mr. Wathen had kindly consented, at the eleventh hour, to fill Mr Just's place and do battle on the side of free trade, the first debate commenced. Mr Nicholas opened the proceedings in favor of protection and Mr Wathen followed on behalf of free trade ; Mr J. Toan also supported the free trade prin- ciple, and Mr Cleary made a short speech advocating a medium policy. At this stage of the debate it was resolved to adjourn the further discussion of the subject until the next meeting night when some of the younger members signified their intention of being prepared to take part in the debate. THE " ILLUSTRATED TASMANIAN NEWS."— The fourth number of this illustrated jour- nal will be published early in July and ten very fine illustrations, as detailed elsewhere, will accompany it, each of which will be graphically described. In addition, the usual full and interesting summary of the month's news will be published for the in- formation of friends abroad. Agents and others requiring copies will please send their orders as soon as possible, to the head office, Charles-street, Launceston. THE SUPPOSED CASE OF A MAN DROWNED AT LONGFORD.—On Saturday evening a ru- mour was afloat in Longford that a man had been drowned by falling into the river while attempting to cross the railway bridge. It appears that two men in the employ of A. Clerke, Esq., of Mountford, were going into the township of Longford. and while walk- ing over the railway viaduct fancied they saw some one on in front. The two men then turned off the line, down the embank- ment, and across King's bridge, and when on the bridge they fancied they heard some one cry out and a splash in the water. No trace of anyone having been drowned could be discovered on the river, or any tidings of anyone being missing, although most careful enquiry and search has been made by the police, and they are under the impression that it is a hoax. RECORDER'S COURT, LAUNCESTON.—It is notified in Tuesday's Gazette that a sitting of the Recorder's Court, for criminal juris- diction, will be held at the Court House, Launceston, on Monday next, at 11 a.m., but this is only a pro forma matter in com- pliance with the law as it stands. No bus- ness will be brought before the Court. DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE. — Multi- tudes of people are hopelessly suffering from Debility, Nervous and Liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits, Delusions, Unfitness for Business or Study, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want of Power, &c.;, whose cases admit of a per- manent cure by the new remedy PHOSPHO DYNE (Ozonic Oyxgen), which at once allays all irritation and excitement, imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled consti- tution, and rapidly cures every state of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies. Sold by all chemists and storekeepers throughout the colonies, from whom pamph- se containing testimonials may be obtained. CAUTION.—Be particular to ask for DR. BRIGHT'S PHOSPHODYNE, as imita- tions are abroad, and avoid purchasing single bottles, the genuine article being sold in cases only. '?'''Thk s'.'s. '^Aj'r ar.— TRe ' Tamar' left the iwharf for Melbourne at' 2: p.m. yesterday. Theipnssengers who had secured berths were mostly 'all ladies. ' Mr'and'Mrs Hammpna, Misses 'K. and J. Hanimond, Miss Spencer, Miss Frith, Miss. Shields,. Miss :Joncs,' and Miss Roberts. , , :.. ?? ?:-.' . ,' ' Tiieatee'. Royai,.— The Young Men's ;.; Mutual Dramatic Club will give' a perforiri ance here on Monday ovening next, .-in- ,'aid of the library fund of tho. Workmen's Club. , The first piece on the' programnae is . / the three act drania entitled' Simon Leb or; ; '' the Murder of the Five Fields 'Copse,', to ?conclude with the luughablc farce' O.ut, on . i the Loose'.'' '' ' ' ' ??'??'?? '?/.'. i:Tjie Visit of' t/ie CzAnEWlTCii anx- ' '' , CzArina. — The visit of the ;Czare witch apd Czarina to London is one of .thejnost in- - teresting ' events ? of the age. It'iif the pre cursor to an alliance certain to prove of vast importance, for1, good or ill in the future. The young daughter of the Czar of all the ? ltussias is to bo tho ' bride of the .British '- . . sailbr Prince, and become the Duchess of ' -Edinburgh. Sho is said to be amiable and pleasingy.with an intelligent and agreeable countenance, and flue eyes and hair, but hot : 'a beauty;' she. is her father's special favorite,, ' the very apple of his eye,'' says . my(S. M. correspondent) informant, :who knows tlie whole family personally and welt ; ?The Empress of Russia and her party. seem- ... to be enjoying to the utmost their stay in] . the \ enchanting regions about the Bay of ' Naples/ ' They have been ' doing' Capri, the ' Blue Grotto, and all the other lions of that lovely region, which the Empress has written to her husband ' is surely the most lovely t. portion of the earth.' The Czar is to .join ; ?- the Czarina next montli, and the Duke of: Edinburgh was expected to join the party. 'vPostI'onement op Fkdeiiatios. — The. Sydney Morning Flerald despairs of an early :. federation of the Australias.and remarks: — '!We observe that several English journals,.-} 'in commenting oh the disunion developed at, .. ,;, tlie latb Intercolonial Conferdnce, lean to the hope that' the disagreeable phenomenon 'is. only of a temporary nature, 'and that when- ' the reaction sets in. the :ultimate result will be to promote federation. It is as well to- , dispel useless illusion's,' and we may safely ' 'state thnt the result of- the recent action of .. ?'. ; the I Victorian Government, will ;be to post-- ?:?-? 'pone federation for at least a ijuarter of a ; . century.' We differ in toto with the Herald' ;' roh this point. Reactions-in~public opinion -.upon great nationals questions:1 do: not move '.so';linguidly in the Australia^as tlie Herald. r ? supposes; The 'people 'do not ' b,robd upon ' the small doings of the delegates of ajcbnfer- ? -. .; 'ence,orthe disagrcements.of fragile ministries 'tbsiichahexteht'as this., AVhen the next Aus-. traliahMriva'siori'scar'e'arises, 'fr'bm' wlia'tev'er- ? ?European or American cause,ifederation:,wiir' ?? :: 'be. brought. about with ajapidity which will ?asto'nisiithe~;w'eak nerves' of such highly, de- '. 'cp.rqus old literary ladies as the Sydney-:':' }'morning Herald.,. .]_,.,.,„,??_ ,.;.?;.?..,,; ,'-.--. . I'f-iRaMORBD A.NNEXATI0N.'OF'NE'W-'i3uiNBA. i-^Thejfoundation.fpr-.the. telegram announo- . lirig that Commander Moresby oi the Basilisk, ' 'hadita'tfen' formal1' possession of New'Guihea '. ' on liehalf of the British Government appears '? -to'be a mere unauthenticated rumor. ,Coni-- ?? 'inbdore Stirling has received no official ,'inti- .. ' ? riiation on the subject from the-Admiralty ' '? nor ^Commander Moresljyi-.pniThursday ; 19tb ?. jinsfrL, Mr Grant in the Legislative. Assembly -asked the Chief Secretary of Victbri'a what .',, -reliance could be placed on the information,. '??' ?andi whether; it' hadi been lofficiallycomniuni— . !cated:tp;the, .Government. ,, -'Mr. , Francis said ??. ?\\\e had'heafd notliing so far, but^he promised,. i to' cobimiiriicate with Mr Parkes;' 'and ascer- : .'taiii what reliance could-' bo iplaced.'nipon it iLater in the evening the - Chief Secretary ?.telegraphed to Sydney:accordinglyT,)and Mr iParkes.repliecl to ,the/'effect,tha.t he, .was, npt. in possession ? of ' any official in'f brmatibn'of ' : ' '.the!pro.cpedings,of'.-thK'B!isilisk, but he had locked the , Go.yemor ^to communicate; with.- ? i Coinniodore Stirling,, and;triat ')y^ieii..he 'was ? ' ., , i iii p'ossessijon.'ojE ..particulars,' he |^yquld;for- '.'.';; ward't tienj. \' ' It will;'be;'s'ee ii- b' y.' b'.urJSat.uirday ' ' '. iiiigh6'.s'teTegram..tliat.'as.'lCdnimb^ore^ .. lias fCcayed/no, information, qr'instructiphs-/ ' ?iwith'\re'fere'n'cej'.to.''tiiei'anneja^ '.; ,'; 1 Guinea', 'the' r iimbr rn'us'tb'e ' looked upon 'as .a .'. ' ' ; ' 'canard. New Guinea would, however, be a' i desirable/ acqLUisition- as, it should- fprm^part. -. ? 6t the Australian coloriies.V^It is'thelargesfc ' tislnjnd in!th'erviQinity of! the Australian con 'tinentj.-and,,, contains-; 275,000/ scipare,, miles., j ''It mustbecpuie-pf great. importance ;to, these ?.- ,.-; 'cql-3nies.lsliprtlv,in,,cqnsequei]cei pf?:the,.,de-i , ?'., velppment of ., trade in that: .direction, by the . itCorrep ii.t-raits' new postal ^putej.;- ;.,.',.,! .?? -.:?. ??? :/:|NEc'B^SITX^01tLEAnNIN^ ,' /'. ,,-cr4e|ty| of !pareiits',ailo,wing theu^childreh! to- . - grqw'up witliout aitordijig.tlibm ?the]'n6pppr7- ..'.,. ,-tunity pf learning to'swim,'i's'as'liarsh anct' ' '' ,/unf eeliiig 'as' permitting them to grow up in nigiiorance bfthe'alphabet ?;-ahdtheimeasui'es »? takeni^ilv'^liis 'colony for the prevention' of ? ' (Swimming are positively 'disgraceful. Certain ' :[ clalus'esiii ? tlie;-Police 'Act prohibit bathing1-^ a nwii;hiri!the''boundaries:.of':the municipalities ' i of Hobdi't.ToWnand:iiauneestqn7and childreri ?'?'? '?- '*- i-auel grown people are d'raggedianiiually bef ore'; ' ~ jtiie -Bolicd - iCouvts i f or;inf ringing- this1 heart-' -?'?'? ..Iqss edict^iwhichiwould'disgrace-;thc''Code- i ,-Napoleon or the Russian— Code. '\Ve have .been reminded of this'pieceof insane Tas umaman,(lggislation, -by seeing the following ?ilet;tep.lfrom^^ll.JE[:HorneW;]nchappearedin-v , {riie.gimes, o'f .the, i Ath April^i'-^ff'Sir,— Xoiir . \ . ? , i readers; must ,, all,, .liav.e, j noticedr s that .after; ? ,' ' j ;the steara'siiip Atlantic had struck upon V.., uthe rooks,, (the,,. third oflicer. (Mr Brady)' [ian'dd,tjvq,r'£uartera - Mwith j iife-luies,,;'.!': and ','jblint ;'(.{]?, ', Jhoyi f . Vajsc* ;'. ,. j i';swam to the boats.'' 'It 'appears 'I jtat:rMr-V;;,. ^Brady,-,if npttho quarter-masters,' swam to ' .lin'd^f rb'i's^yerij.'vfinies,; .and . ,they..,.did. this--:-, iwhile-huija^red^of meh-w.ere, upon ;Jthp' deck,. ., ? ,.qr; ciinging-^^oj'j'.tb.e .rigging.: ..The .obvious ',.' j ;,conclusi6h hVust be 'tliat nearly ilie whole of .' ,',..' ?these hundreds of men could riot' swim even' 'die ' var^s it5)jsiali^.*n!!'ri!ye.s^ i ?-'?t Hs P^ink '5«+iIic „„'? Kbw very few efforts' with the '»','^ldks««*-fact:' ? bemgSJ^^l o^'ee-: in'these ? olVcnm- ; ; ; stances toithosewho can s,'.':im;^..a.1.1: j?:.no*,.V: ? f i-omrtheisea;' biitl'theshdre} ft it}* .^t;k^°lF .:, , lined with -masses; of eritangledseiiWfcJ''1-, PV?- . ,: 'altlioughthey saw tlie 'landing oS'Mr^Jii^f1^/'-^ . and' the others effected in safety they perishea with cOidiprlieaime mad,' and were flidwned.' : ^pw tnhch' it is'tb'be' rcgre'tted'that Illere is- ( no ' paternal despotism,' that coujdalisohittaly/ compel ''every :schbbl,! both' private and pbftlic'. (and for both sexes), to provide suitable in- struction in swimming. The newly-projected Floating and Swimming Baths on the Thames may do something, but the 'paternal despotism' is the one great need that Mr Gladstone should take into consideration before the coming summer and autumn furnish the usual number (besides the shipwrecks) of those who lose their lives for want of this important part of compulsory education." Pedestrian Husdle Rack.— On Satur day afternoon the George Town Road was very lively with' pedestrians and vehicles, all- wending their way to ' the racecourse at Mowbray for the purpose of witnessing the hurdle raco between two gentlemen ama teurs, both residents of Launccston. The apot selected as - the convincing ground was situate a little to the right of the grand stand. The course was 135 yards long, over 8 flights of hurdles 3 feet 6 inches in height, and placed 15 yards apart with the same distance at each end. The time fixed for the event to come off was between half-past 3 and half-pa3t 4 o'clock, and ere the latter hour arrived the course had1 been measured, preliminaries settled, and Messrs Fredrick Haymes and Frank Goodall toed the mark. They were to go at the report of a pistol, Mr J. H. Melvyn officiating as starter, while Mr J. A. Ferguson acted as referee for Mr Haymes and Mr Bentley Wrixon performed the same duty for Mr Goodall. Mr F. Moore was appointed umpire, more as a matter of form than anything else, as it was never for a moment expected he would be called upon to act, the whole of the proceedings being marked with a display of friendship and good feeling, both before and after the race. The 'attendance, which included many of the leading mercantile gentlemen of Laun ceston, was about 250, and from the position of the visitors it is needless to say the great est order and decorum pro vailed,^ something so different to what is usually witnessed at pedestrian matches whether by amateurs or professionals. There was a good amount of speculation, each gentleman being attended by a large retinue of his friends, but if any thing Mr Goodall, although tlus was his maiden race in Tasmania, was a slight favo rite. After three false starts, owing to the .pistol not going off, they both got away well together Goodall clearing the first hurdle' a few inches in front of Haymes ; the next three were taken together ; between the 5th and 7th hurdles Goodall had a slight advan tage. Before rising for the 8th and last hurdle Haymes was on even terms with Goodall and succeeded in rising to it slightly in advance, the pair racing the last 15 yards at their utmost speed, Haymes just . managing to breast the tape about a foot in advance of Goodall. The time taken by two watches gave it as 25 and 27 seconds 'respectively. The course, however, owing to the late rains, was very heavy and made at least' 6 seconds difference in the time. As an 'exhibition of pedestrian hurdle racing it has never been equalled in Tasmania. During the whole of the distance less than a yard of cloth would have covered the two. . ,'1,. ,?',.. FUNERAL OF.THB FlRST DECEASED GOOD Templar.— The- first deceased member of the Dawri of Hope Lodge of Good Templars was interred! on Sunday; This was Michael Connors, the unfortunate man wfyo tnetliis death so suddenly by falling from the Cata4 ract Mill shoots, on Wednesday,18thinst. The officers and members of the Dawii ' of Hope Lodge mustered to the number of ilO and marched in procession in front of the hearse from the residence of the'deceased, in Bris bane-street west, to the place .of .interment in the Roman Catholic cemetery. A large number of. other.::resident3 followed the liearse. Mr 'Wii/ms late Collector op Customs. — On 20th inst., a number of merchants and leading men in business assembled in the committee-room of the Mechanics' Institute, for the purpose of presenting the, compli- mentary' address referred to in our issue of on 18th inst,, to B.H. Willis, Esq., late Co' lector of Customs, at Launceston. His Wor ship the Mayor, J. Murphy, Esq., presided, explained the object of the meeting, and requested Mr J. H. Smith- to read the ad dress. This was signed by the following re sidents : — Samuel Trilloch, W. H. Saunders ; Dalgety, Moore, and Co. ; Hudson arid Watkins, T.S.N. Co. ; T.C. Just, per J.H,.S.; .Richard Green and Co., John ' Murphy, George Fisher, A. T. Woods, H. B. Nickolls, Caleb Williamson, 'A.1 Webster/ L. Fair thorne and Son, John Dry sdale, J. Si Had field j P. O.Fysh and Co., per H. S. ; Thos. Edgintou, R. - D. Richards, Irvine and M'Eachern, Robert Bain; - James Walden, Walch Bros, and Birchall, Robert De Little, Farrelly.and Co., Pepper and.Perrin, I/afcin and' Porter, Hudson and; Hopwood, H. Button, 'James Bennell .and Sons, M'Phail and Weymouth, Frost arid ; Orpr wood, A. Simpson';1^ Edward Lawrence, W. Aikehhead, J; W. Brand, GcoV E. Boon; M. Gaunt, C. J.'Weedon and' Co., William Peter, J. H. Sherlock, James Davis,' John Fawns, Donald M'Queen, Augustus N. Spong,. George Castley; H. J.. Mitchell and1 Co., Anthony Hart, J. Paybody, R..-.P. iDixj J. M'Loughlin, Ditcham, Button, and Co.; Geo. Hubbard, James Fish, Hopkins and Murphy, Dowie andWoodgate, Wm. Abbott, 'Thomas Gould/James Scott, M. Dunning, Alfred Harrap, T. W. Thomas, J. Aiken head, William Johnstbhe, W. W. White, S. Ridley, R. Newey, John Tevelein, Richards and Son, Wm. Dob3ori, John Ellis, Hattori and Laws, A. M. Milligan, Thomas Corbett, Robert TorranceiiW. R. Davey, D. Room, W. J. Norwood, Peter Barrett, John Lagor; Hudson and Sherwin, John C. Ferguson, W. Tyson, Gardner and M'Kenzie, Harris; and Son, Osborne Wathen, Bell and Westbrook, D. Murray, Thomas Sharp, Thos. Hogarth, .T. R. Kemp, Peter Mills, J. H. Smith, W. Flcxman, David Ritchie, Robert Z.. Poole, Wilmot and Taylor,' J. H. Westbrook, Henry Dowling, Henry Edgell, Thomas Boyd, Wm. Whitaker, Thos. Wadham, Robert Harris, W. H. Knight, . ? W. Turner, John Stephensori, R.. Thompson. In his reply Mr Willis said ' During the long period of my public service— extending to twenty-five years— it was my constant and earnest endeavor' conscientiously .and strictly to discharge my duties both to the Government arid . the public, and it 'is' and ever will be a source of real gratification i to me to have rcceived.ydur assurance that my efforts have secured the public approval. I also value gratefully the kindly estimate1 you have formed of ; my personal and private character, and assure you that, although pre cluded by my official position from taking, a prominent part in .the general affairs of- the community, I have ever jEelfc the deepest in terest in everything which concerned -.the public welfare.' The address and reply Have since been handed to Mr -J.1 Steer for the purpose of having them ' engrossed on parchment, illuminated andmadfe up-in the form of an Album to be retained : by Mi Willis and his family as an heirloom. ? - ??:?'? The 'Tasmania?? Independent!'— We have received -the' June number of the Independent, which ? deals with 'the corres pondence betweenDr. Valentine and Bishop Bromby ; the device of managing -public institutions by means': of -boards ;? the late news from France,! Italy, .Spain,/ and ^Eng land, local neWS, &C.; iOij ..Q;,;; .}',;;?- ol'i; ?;; 