TOWN TALijT If Ur. Buchanan hid a good Eubject for his firet speech of Ihe 'session, 'bWt sB^Bntti^pSr^ti^niSnlpereittce— ofaooree wajneaii, oo!y?-£!aBg*aye^ £he- exclosion of history from enr puVio schools la no doubt is. ierions defect in our otherwise exce'Jent^yBtem.ef primary « edncatdop ; but to teach it as Mr. Bnehanan apparently would Uachifc, would soon lead, we are afsBi|, to a 'defect' of another and even more sprions Jnn3. No one bnt eccentrics, like Mr. John Stewart, disputes the immense interest and rains of. historical knowledge, and much of Mr. Buchanan's somewhat laboured disqui sition on the advantages of that study might therefore have been spared. The practical difficulty is in the nature of onr Eohoo's themselres, whicbi being1 non sectarian, cannot very well take cognizance of a sub ject involving more than any other sectamu prejudices and passions. Unless history is to be taught, .as religion may now be taught in pur public schools, in separate classesby rival, or at all eventBJ directly ?'opposed pro fessors of the noble study, we do not see .how that practical difficulty is to be gotovor, without danger to the peace and harmony of our educational establish ments. An abridgment of English history that Fhcnld steer clear of all delicate or debateable points, would be a literary impossibility, or if possible, worthless, If nothing more than the bare facts, the dry bones of history, are to form what Mi. Buchanan called the new ' intellectual foider ' of our children, then we shonld be rather inclined, for once, to agree with Mr. Stewart, that upon the whole a more useful branchoof study would be 'skinning a bullock.' Tho Premier made s rather nofortuuate allusion last night, when he said that he thought there could be no sectarian objection to a history of this calony for tbe use of the public schools. Mr. Fora'ter, ;who watches his hon, friend with almost paternal solicitude, was down upon him in a moment, with the perti nent query — ' What would it (the history) say of the Kiama Ghost ? ' The interruption was greeted with a roar of laughter from all sides, nnd although the Premier endeavoured to look as innocent as possible, and declared that ho ' couldn't see the joke,' there can be no sort of doubt that a little further on in the debate he was made to feel it. Mr. Forster, after Buying that any sort of education involving opinion must be attended with danger, added that, there could be no better proof of ths difficulty of dealing with history than in this very Ghost case. Then, with a concentrated bitterness that would make the fortune of a cordial manufacturer, the hon. and amiable gentleman proceeded to retell the twenty -times told tale of the Kiama Mystery, of the conspiracies and murders of that fearfnl time, and the ' judicial mnrder' of the madman. O'Farrell, pansing after the mention of each 'atrocity,' to ask what the hon. Colonial Secretary ' would say about that event in bia new and truthful colonial aistoryf' As an exhibition of strong feeling, Mr. Foreter's speech was very effective ; but ii was the sort of feeling not favour ably known as small personal spite, nnd the subject was as stale as its treatment was vicious. - 