SOUTH AUSTRALIA. DIOCESE OF ADELAIDE, CONSECRATION 07 THE BISHOP, On Sunday last many South Australians had an opportunity of witnessing one 01 the most impressive ceremonials of tna Catholic Church, an event which maybe seen perhaps but once in a lifetime, aha which certainly will not easily be forgotten by those who were spectators on the occasion. The advancement of a priest to the dignity of the Episcopate must always be regarded as a circumstance of importance, and this being the first time iu the history of the diocese of Adelaide that the chief pastor of the Catholic Chur® there has been consecrated amongst w flock, gave additional interest to the event. This'was intensified by the presence ot the Venerable Catholic Metropolitan d Australia and three prelates from the sister colonies, who formed such an assemblage of the pillars of the Church as has never before been seen in the sister colony. The solemn act of consecration took place at St. Francis' Xavier's Cathedral, before a crowded congregation, including many members of other denominations. There were, no decorations in the buildpS beyond the gallery and pulpit being draped with crimson, but the panels ot the chancel had lately been repainted chaste and appropriate style, andthealtai was unusually adorned with flowers. 1M space occupied by the sanctuary somewhat extended, in order to afford more room. , At ten o'clock ! a procession 1 'entered First came a: "youth bearing a large g"' cross, followed by iabout tiurty acoIyW in scarlet aSidVhitb, iprecScling the Voo- Archdeacon RusiselL/master 'of' the aioniea ; the Rbvi'P; Keo^h,isaifltanv» : . M. t Hfti Dr. O'Connor . _ IW P"q'r . T. Bpngaerts, G. Von der » j' Quinlan, P. Moore, P. £ WJ Maher, M.-O'Connor, and J. EBan e Messrs. Williams, Carroll I . TTJI^PII Next appeared the assistant K S 5 , the Rt. Rev. Dr. Murphy, • - of Hobart Town, with his chapf?T e01 h e Rer. P. Kennedy ; and the Rt. T>r Ouinn, Bishop of Bathurst, and Kiain, thi Eev P. Corcoran .The I fates were attired in mitres and mag- ISnt copes of cloth of gold, the upper S embroidered with flowers in S S colours. The Rt. Rev. Dr. Mur- I Bishop of Maitland, was attended Ito the Rev. Father Boarke as chaplain, \Zi had on the ordinary purple of a I Bishop The Archbishop (the Consejcrator), who was preceded by an acolyte I bearing his silver pastoral staff, followed, lattired in vestments of black satin, and I supported by his chaplains, Fathers Collletti of Sydney, and btrele, S.J. At the Ilast came the Bishop-elect, the Very Rev. IC A. Reynolds, wearing his biretta, and f robed in a cope of white moire antique, E worked with flowers and fringed with | gold His chaplains were the Very Rev. IF. Byrne and the Very Rev. J. Tappeiner, I Active preparations had been made for [the approaching consecration in the Ca- I thedral. The roof of the chancel was [coloured blue relieved by gold stars, and [the choir was considerably enlarged in [order to make room for the large number jof prelates and clergy expected to be pre- | sent. The services commenced at 10 a.m. [in order to prevent overcrowding, the (admission was by ticket. The music of [the Mass was Mozart's No. 12. The ordinary choir was supplemented by several I irell-known artists, whose services were specially engaged for this occasion, and MCompanied by Chapman's band. , Entering the sanctuary, the organ playing the meanwhile, the Metropolitan was conducted to his throne and robed for is, the vestments including a tunic of rich lace and a cream-coloured satin chasuble, the cross in which was jewelled, and a Gothic mitre. He then seated himself before the altar, and the Bishop- Elect was conducted before him by the assistant Bishops, and as all the different officials took up their positions, the scene, tempered by the subdued light which came through the stained glass windows, was very imposing. The assistants having demanded in Latin (which was the language throughout the proceedings) consecration for the Elect, the Consecrator's notary (the Very Rev. F. Byrne) read the apostolic mandate authorising it. The Bishop-Elect kneeling before the Consecrator took the oath of spiritual fealty and obedience, after which, in reply to an examination from the Consecrator, he promised to bend his understanding to the meaning of divine Scripture and conform to it, to teach the people both by word and example, to keep the traditions of the orthodox fathers, to restrain his conduct from evil, to observe charity and sobriety, to abstain from earthly business, to observe and teach humility, and to be compassionate to all in need. Next followed an examination as to the discipline of the Church on the matters of faith. The Elect then kissed the hand of the Consecrator on his knees, and the Consecrator, laying aside his mitre, turned to thealtarandbeganthe "Confiteor." Whilst the Mass was being proceeded with the assistants led Father Reynolds to his own chapel, where, taking off his cope, he was Tested with full canonicals. His soutane via of purple silk, with lace tunic and white and gold chasuble of elegant workmanship. After redding the Mass down to the same point as the Consecrator, he returned to the middle altar, where the Consecrator prayed for the blessing of God upon him. The dignitaries prostrated themselves while the Litany of the Saints was sung, and at "We beseech thee to hear us," the Consecrator rose, and making the sign of the cross three times over the Elect, besought God to bless, sanctify, and consecrate him. The Litany ended, the Bishop-Elect knelt down—the book of the Gospels being held open on his neck tad shoulders. The Consecrator and assistants touching bis head, said, " Receive the Holy Ghost," after which the Consecrator offered up thanks, and prayed that the graces which charmed the eyo, and were prefigured in his variety of ornaments tad costly apparel, might appear in the wnduct of the Elect. The "Veni Creator" having been intoned, the Con- •ecrator anointed the head Of the Elect, tad prayed that he might be endowed With every griace and power. Then the Consecrator began tip ihtiphon,. " Like ointment on the he&d; that ran down upon the beard of ^aron, whicli ran down to 8"it of his garment," the Lord hath comr landed blessing for ever,'! and the 132pd «ahn was said. • The hands of the Elect Were next! anointed, the Consecrator. "Hj®ft "May these handB be anointed «tli consecrated oil and the chrism of Notification. ; •:AB ' Samuel anointed wid Eng and - Prophet, eo • be thou Pointed and consecrated in the name of God the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy, Ghost, making the likeness of the holy cross of our Saviour, Jesus Christ, who hath redeemed us from dea,th -and brought us to the kingdom of leaven. Hear UB lovingly, O Almighty Father Eternal God, and grant that we may obtain what we ask of Thee. Through the same, &c.; Amen." The pastoral crosier was then blessed and sprinkled with holy water, and delivered to the newly-made Bishop, now called the Consecrated, with these words :—"Receive the staff of the pastoral office, that you may be piously severe in correcting vices, holding judgment without anger, soothing the minds of the hearers by promoting virtues, not losing sight of strictness in the calmness of severity." The Consecrator then blessed the ring as follows :—" Let us pray. O Creator and'Preserver of mankind, giver of spiritual grace, granter of eternal salvation, do Thou, O Lord, send forth Thy blessing upon this ring, that whoever shall be signed with this sign of our most holy faith, may by the strength of this heavenly defence be enabled to raise for himself eternal life. Through, &c.; Amen." The ring was sprinkled with holy water, and placed on the finger of the Consecrated, the Consecrator saying "Receive this ring, the sign of fidelity, that, adorned with unblemished faith, you may, without stain, guard the Spouse of God, which is His Holy Church. Amen." The Book of the Gospels, which had all this time been held on the shoulders of the Consecrated, was removed and delivered to him, and the kiss of peace given to him by the Consecrator and assistants. The Consecrator and Consecrated proceeded in the Mass as far as the offertory, when the latter offered to the former two lighted torches, two loaves, and two small barrels of wine, to be used in the Sacrifice. The "Agnus Dei" having been sung, both advanced to the same altar and proceeded together in the Mass, there being one host and one chalice for both. The Consecrator gave the place to the Consecrated and the assistants and administered the Communion, after which the mitre and gloves. were separately blessed, and assumed by the Consecrated, who, having been enthroned, passed through the Church with the assistants, giving his blessing to all, the "Te Deum" being sung during his progress. On their return to the altar further prayers and the Gospel of St. John were repeated, and the metropolitan and three prelates retired,-the former reappearing during the delivery of the sermon in the vestments which he had worn at first, and the bishops in purple. The following sermon was preached by the Bishop of Maitland :— " Take heed to yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishops to rule the Church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood."— Acts of the Apostles, chap. xx. v. 28. These words, dearly beloved brethren, which I have quoted from the Acts of the Apostles, were addressed by the great Apostle of the Gentiles to the ancients of the Church at Ephesus, with the view of calling their attention to the high commission entrusted to them by God of feeding the people confided to their care, of instructing them in souod doctrine, of preserving them from the poisonous pastures and protecting them from incursions of the ravenous wolves, who, after his departure, would enter in among them, not sparing the flock. They were addressed, too, under circumstances that could not but make a lasting impression on the clergy at Ephesus, for he held out no hope of ever seeing them again. " And now, behold, bound in the Spirit I go to Jerusalem, not knowing things that shall befal me there, only that the Holy Ghost in every city witnesseth to me, saying that chains and afflictions wait for me at Jerusalem. And now behold I know that all you among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God shall see my face no more." It is, I am sure, unnecessary for me to say that the occasion' which has called us together to-day is one of great importance and unusual interest, for we are all assembled in great numbers in this Cathedral Church of Adelaide, not only from the various districts of the vast colony of South Australia, but both prelates, priests, and members of the laity have come here today from other colonies to testify their deep interest in the solemn proceedings, full of hope and promise for the welfare of the Church and Diocese of Adelaide. , The vast' crowds here assembled from all quarters of the Diocese, and the attendance of so many members of other denominations,, clearly point out to me that you fully appreciate the occasion as Ido, rendered still more interesting by the fact that for the first time in history of this diocese has its Chief Pastor been consecrated in his own Cathedral and in the midst of his own flock. It is always, my dear brethren, a solemn thing to witness the transmission of the Apostolic Office—an act by which the Church renews her. vigpur, provides for her preservation and expansion. As the plants throw. out the B^eds thjjt produce, other plants ' which tffo ' their places wheii they have themselves dbcayeil, so the Church organised by Christ^p'reserves/h« life and -integrity,. .and meete the exigencies of jtlie hour, by the transmission ,of the Apostolio Offlcej-WHh'aU fts duties, its .graces, anjl its re'spoMiblliti^a, from age 'to uge^ from 'generation-"to generation, 1 from her duly ordained ministers to others appointed and called by God to the sublime office of the Apostolate. These circumstances all combined, ..my dear, brethren, : cannot but fill you with joy, and cause you to rejoice at seeing one, I may almost say taken from among yourselves and placed over you to guide and direct you in the ways of salvation, charged with the onerous duty of governing this vast diocese, with a full knowledge of all its wants and requirements. Bnt for you, my Lord, placed as you are to-day as a Watchman on the towers of Israel, whose light is this day placed on the candlestick, on whose soul God imprints a character that distinguishes you from all other men now and for evermore, it is an event of very great concern. Christ this day makes you a commander of His hosts, with all the powers and with all the graces attached to that high position. The Church, which is His agent in this great work, has endeavoured to impress them on you in the beautiful ceremonial which we are all witnessing with such delight, and which causes yon to approach in fear and trembling the venerable pontiffs who, by the imposition of their hands, poor upon you the Holy Spirit of God, that by His power you may be strengthened " to feed the flock of God which is among yon, taking care thereof not by constraint, but willingly, according to God, neither for the sake of filthy lucre, but voluntarily, neither as domineering over the clergy, but being made a pattern of the flock from the.heart." While all around you, both prelates, priests, and people, are joyful at your elevation to the Episcopate, you, my Lord, deeply impressed with the awful responsibility of the dignity to which you have been, through the mercy of God, raised to-day, seem, if I rightly interpret tbe sentiments of your inmost soul, to beg our united prayers that the Church of Adelaide may have in you a worthy and useful administrator, so that when tbe Prince of Pastors shall appear you shall receive a neverfading crown of glory. Impressed with the same spirit, aud entering into your feelings, I shall endeavour to point out the duties of your office, so that all, realising to some extent its heavy burden, may sympathise with you in tbe anxieties that press on yon heavily just now, may aid you by their prayers, and in the course of your Episcopate—which, I trust, will be a long and useful one—may, by their docility and obedience, alleviate its cares and lessen its numerous responsibilities. When of old the word of the Lord came to Jeremias, sanctifying him and making him a prophet unto the nations, He said to him, " Whatsoever I shall command thee thou shalt speak. Be not afraid at theirpresence, for I am with thee to deliver thee. Behold I have given My words in thy mouth ; so I have set thee this day over the nations and over kingdoms to root ap and to pull down, and to waste and to destroy, and to build and to plant. Thou therefore gird up thy loins and arise and speak to them all that I command thee. Be not afraid at their presence, for I will make thee not to fear their countenance. For behold I have made thee this day a fortified city and a pillar of iron and a wall of brass over all the land, to the Kings of Judah, to the princes thereof, and to tbe priests, and to the people of the land." By these words, my brethren, a solemn mission was given to the holy Jeremias, who for that purpose was Banctified in his mother's womb. He was commissioned to speak and preach not only to the Jews, but even to the Gentiles. He was to forewarn both kings and princes of the land, and the priests and people, of the dreadful calamities that would befal them if they were not converted to the Lord. Hi9 mission was not so much to- waste or to destroy, but rather to admonish them to avoid the chastisements of heaven, and to exhort them to abandon the wicked ways of sin, the cause of all the miseries which ha<t covered the land. But the mission witfe which our young Bishop is charged to-day is of a far higher import, comprises far greater powers and prerogatives, and therefore conveys graces more numerous and more significant, symbolised by the beauty, the magnificence and variety of the ceremonial at which we have all assisted with such profit. Christ confers on him to-day not only the power of speaking, teaching, and reproving, but he imparts to him the power never vouchsafed to his angels in heaven of binding and loosing with the full assurance that the sentence pronounced by Him here on earth shall be ratified and confirmed in heaven. Tae "words addressed by Our Lord to His apostles are not only repeated by the three prelates who take a part in the consecration to-day, but their wonderohs significance is as fully realised as when pronounced by ChriBt himself—" As the Father hath sent He so I also send you. All power is given to Me in Heaven and on earth. Go ye'therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world;" bywhioh words the Apostles were not only appointed Christ's messengers to speak, to preach, and to reprove, but they were made the possessors'Of ihese powerB and the treasurers of His heavenly gifts. And in sue ha way did they inherit these -powers that whosoever would reject them would be rejecting God Himself. " He that heareth you heareth Me ; he that despiseth you despiseth Me." Behold, my dear brethren, what we witness here to-dsy, the fnlneBB and perfection of the priesthood conferred on your Bishop, that he may eieroise .its functions lor the advantage of both priest and people, and dispense its wonderful graced to the souls of {tnen. "Truly he is Setup-today aB aihaster in Israel, ae a faithful sentinel on the heights ofMountZion, to guide and'direct, tbbniidahd to plant, to toot up and' pull down, to waate and to destroy, to exeroise for a time the wondrous powers of the «ternat priesthood of Christ, sanctify your soul in His name, and to rai®® them up from the sorrows of this valley tears to Heavenly bliss and glory everlasting Yea, my brethren, I repeat it, it is not simply * declaratory power with which he is invested, but a real life-giving power is conferred on him by whioh he shares God's heavenly gifts, that he may convey them to his flock, and dispense food, medicine, and whatever else they need amid the toils and dangers of their pilgrimage here on earth. And, my brethren, il to-day your Bishop becomes the treasurer of greater powers and blessings than' were vouchsafed of old to the Prophet Jeremias, we need not be ashamed to confess that the miseries and calamities which have come upon tbe world in this age of boasted civilisation and progress point out to us the necessity of their being dispensed in season and out of season for the benefit of the faith* ful, who are continually led astray by the false maxims of the world, and by the per* verse teachings of false prophets. FornevBr perhaps before was the Church of Christ, her Supreme Head, and her Bishops engaged in such a deadly warfare as in the present age. If Jeremias were set up by God as a prophet to the nations and made a fortified city, a' pillar of iron and a wall of brass, because of the evils that then prevailed, how much more necessary now-a-days, when tbe kings and princes of the world have all conspired against Christ and His anointed, and are set up in battle array against His holy Churoh; and when, to use the words of the Fathers of the Vatican Council, " unceasing efforts are made by modern rationalism to banish Christ our Lord and our Saviour from the minds of men and from the life and customs of the nations ;" how much more necessary, I say, is it that -those who are appointed rulers of the Church of God should be filled with His Holy Spfrit, and furnished with all the weapons neoessary to figbt a good fight, to preserve the faith, and to fulfil their ministry. If the Apostle St. Paul could address the Christians in his day in the following words: —" Put you on the armour of God, that you may be able to stand against the snares of the Devil. For our wrestling is not against flesh and blood; but against principalities and powers, against the rulers of the world of tnis darkness, against the spirits of wicked-- ness in tbe high places. Wherefore take unto you the armour of God, that you may be able to resist in the evil day and to stand in all things perfect." And again, if the same Apostle could admonish his beloved disciple, Timothy, keeping in view the dangers and evils that then threatened the Church of Ephesus, "I charge thee before God and Jesus Christ, who shall judge the living and the dead, by His coming and His kingdom, preach the Word; be instant in season and out of season; reprove, entreat, rebuke with all patience and doctrine, for there shall be a time when they will not bear sound doctrine, but according to their own desires they will heap to themselves teachers having itching ears, and will turn away indeed their hearing from the truth, and will be turned to fables. But be thou vigilant, labour in all things, do the work of an Evangelist, fulfil thy ministry." My brethren, how much stronger grounds have we for repeating the same admonitions to the young prelate who by the imposition of hands inherits the same graoes, the same powers, the same authority that was vouchsafed to Timothy, that he too, for the advantage of his flock, may preach the Word, be instant in season and out of season; may reprove, entreat, rebuke with all patience and doctrine; may be ever vigilant, labour in all things, do the work of a Bishop, and fulfil his ministry. Yes, my brethren, the duties of a Catholic Bishop are such as to be dreaded even by angels; for he is called upon not only to oppose the maxims of a' world which ignores God and despises the religion of Christ, but he is required to guard 1 his flock from the pernicious principles which are continually circulated in the public Press, subversive alike of the supernatural and natural order established by God for the benefit of mankind. The principles which are now commonly proclaimed in the world withdraw man from the control of all religion!) influence. What is known as the " naturalism " of the present age banishes God fromall the arrangements of human affairs, whd- ; ther affecting the nations of the earth, the T family circle, or the individual; utterly ignoring His Holy Church, and repudiating the benign influence of religion. Indeed,-the enemies of religion, as has been observed by the present glorious Pontiff, aim at the destruction of that necessary coherence or con- ' nection that by God's arrangement intervenes between the natural and supernatural' order. It is the old conflict between gooci and evil, between obedience and revolt, between the'Church and the world, between God and Satan. This spirit of naturalism - : rejects altogether the influence of supers natural revelation; it only regards the interests'of thiB world, and drives men on to'; ; the attainment of their ambitious purposes without any regard to the Creator of the universe, whom they do not recognise as superior to* themselves, if they ackhOwledga - His existence at all. Byr this resifttaufe to divine authority is.brought on rebellion.to./ human, which derives its (force'and sanction'' from itB Author, who is no other' :but fihsjLV " Those who sow the wind shall rekp'^fifr''' whirlwind." Hence we find thato$ni6na are propagated which strike 'at__ this u foundations; of Christianity,', introduaihg; « fatal systemof rationalism, and^rt&aHy; Sj^ ; : eluding any intervention of the world. Hnee^inpi the sifowi Stitttpttr: of the nuupHa^oonha&^if^ its eaoramenral graoeB an|l ujjfl^nimslsl^se^ aside.' -As J divorce legalised in 1 -the mdfit w ChriSuiit communities in deflanoe of the "Word of God that what He has joined it should be lawful tor no man to put asunder. Henoe, too, , in this age of progress the very foundations of social and domestic happiness are undermined. But the chief aim of the naturalism of this age is to control the eduoation of youth, and to withdraw their minds from all religious influence—to banish God and His Holy Church from the school. Systems of education are propounded which only embrace the knowledge of human affairs, and pay no attention to the interests of immortal souls. The Cathoiic Church, on the contrary, continually impresses on parents the salutary maxim of oar Divine Lord— " What doth it profit a man if he gain the whole world and softer the loss of his own soul?" What will it profit parents or their children to gain all knowledge, and to attain the greatest success in this world, if through their fault, and by being exposed to the dangers of bad systems of education, they suffer the loss of that faith without which it is impossible to please God ? In this question of education the voice of the Church has been continually raised in the interests of youth, in order to protect them from the snares which are laid for their destruction, and whioh are devised for the purpose of undermining their faith. Ouv present Holy Father Pope Pius IX. has declared that "Catholics cannot approve of a system of educating youth unconnected with Catholic faith nuu the power of the Church, and which regards the knowledge of merely natural things, and only, or at least primarily, the ends of 60cial iife." In other words, Catholics cannot approve of an education which fits their children only for this life, and ignores that life in which the soul is to live for ever. It will, therefore, be your duty, my Lord, to take care, indeed, of the whole flock over which the Holy Gbost has placed you as Biehop, but in particular to watch over children and young men. To use the memorable wordB of the illustrious Pontiff, Pius VII., addressed in the year 1800 to the Bishops of the Catholic world—" Children ougbt to be the especial objects of your paternal love, your vigilant solicitude, of your seal, of all your care. They who have tried to subvert society arid families, to destroy authority divine and human, have spared DO pains to infect and corrupt youth, hoping thus the more easily to carry into effect their infamous projects. They know that the mind and heart of young persons, like soft wax, to whicu one may give wlia ! form he pleases, are very susct-ptible of every sort of impres- Bion ; that they keep tenaciously, wb<-c age has now hardened them, those which they bad early received, and reject others. Thence the well-known proverb, taken from the Scriptures—' A young man according to MB way, even when be is old he will not depart from it.' Suffer not, then, venerable brethren, the children of this world to be more prudent in this respect that the children of light. Examine, therefore, with the greatest attentiou to what [manner of persons is confided the education of children, and the young men in the colleges and seminaries; of what sort are the instructions given them; what sort of Bchools exiBt among you ; of what sort are the teachers in the Lyceums. Examine into all this with the greatest care; sound everything; let nothing escape your vigilent eye. Keep off, repulse the ravening wolves that seek to devour these innocent lambs; drive out of the sheepfold those which have gotten in; remove them as soon as can be; for such is the power which has been given to you by the Lord for the edification of your sheep.'' These are tbe words of the venerable Pontiff, Pius VII., which I take the liberty of addressing to you, my Lord, to-day, and to remind you of the ever tender care and anxious solicitude which you are oalled on to extend to the little ones of the fold. I regret that in the discharge of the duty imposed upon me on this solemn occasion I should be obliged to say something in regard to the differences that have within the laBt few years spruDg up amongst the peaceful comxr.-mity of South Australia on the subject of •' iucation ; but, unfortunately, that spirit of liberalism which has characterised the old country in Europe, and which has been waging a continual war against the Church of God in Germany, Switzerland, and Italy, has lonnd its way into these colonies, and our Statesmen who control the destinies of this fair and promising land have not hesitated to walk in tbe footsteps of the crafty statesmen of the other hemisphere, who, for their own purposes, were straining every nerve to enclave the Church of God, to crash her power, and to baniBh her priests from the schools and colleges over which from time immemorial they exercised their legitimate authority. It is a matter of regret that in this free land these principles should find any countenance or support, and that any section of tbe community, no matter how small and insignificant, should be deprived of their legitimate rights or privileges on account of their conscientious views. It is, however, a fact which J cannot but deplore on this occasion, that the Catholics of South Australia cannot derive any benefit from, or share in, the fundB which are destined for educational purposes in the colony. What is oalled common or mixed education igxinkslaimed throughout the length and hreafyn .ojf South Australia, and what has been accomplished in many countries of Europe and 'America, to the great detriment of r|Bligioh. The public schools and other institutions destined for the education of Catholic youth are withdrawn from the anthority of the Church, from tbe control of her legitimate pastors, and from the benign influence of religion. The present glorious Pontiff, Pins IX, expounds so clearly and so forcibly the views of tbe Catholic Church on this important eubjeot, in bis famous letter, addressed some years ago to the Archbishop of Friebourg, in Germany, fhat I cannot forbear quoting from it at some length:—"Zt is not wonderful," be says, " that the unhappy efforts of wicked men should be directed chiefly to corrupt the training and education of-youth, and there is no doubt that the greatest injury Is inflicted on society when the directing authority and salntary power of tbe Ohareb are withdrawn from publio and private eduoation, on which the happiness of the Church and of tbe commonwealth depends so much. For this society is, little by little, deprived of that truly Christian spirit which alone can permanently secure tbe foundation of peaoe and public order, and promote and direct the true and useful progress of civilisation, and give man those helps which are necessary for bim in order to attain after this life, bis last end hereafter, eternal happiness. And, in truth, a system of teaching which not only is limited to the knowledge of natural things, and does not pass beyond tbe bounds of our life on earth, bat also departs from the truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guided by tbe spirit of error and lies; and education wbicb, without the aid of Christian doctrine, and of its salutary moral precepts, instructs the minds and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, must infallibly produce a generation which will have no guide but its own wicked passions and wild conoeitB, and which will be a source of the greatest misfortunes to tbe commonwealth and their own families. But if this detestable Bystem of education, so farremoved from Catholic faith and ecclesiastical authority, becomes a 6onrce of evils both to individuals and to society when it was employed in the higher teachings, and in schools frequented by the better class, who does not see that the same Bystem will give rise to still greater evils if it be introduced into primary schools ? For it is in these schools above all that the children of the people ought to be carefully taught from their tender years the mysteries and precepts of our holy religion, and to be trained with diligence io piety, good morals, religion, and civilisation. In such schools religious teaching ought to have so leading a place in all that concerns education and instruction, that whatever else the children may learn should appear subsidiary to it. The youug, therefore, are exposed to the greatest perils whenever in the schools education is not closely united with religious teaching. Wherefore, since primary schools are established chiefly to give tbe people.ta religious eduoation and to lead them to piety and to Christian morality, they have justly attracted to them, selves in a greater degree than other educa< tional institutions all the care,solicitude, and vigilancc of the church. The design of withdrawing primary schools from the control of the Church, and the exertions made to carry thiB deBign into effect are therefore inspired by a spirit of hostility towards her and by the desire to extinguish among the people the divine light of our holy faith. Tbe Church which has founded these schools has ever regarded them with the greatest care and interest, and looked upon them as tbe chief objcct of her ecclesiastical and government, and whatsoever removed them from her inflicted serious injury both on her and on the schools. Those who pretend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her 8alutary action upon tbe primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine author, and to be false to the charge she has received from God of guiding ail men to salvation; and in whatever country this pernicious design of removing the sohools from the ecclesiastical authority should be entertained and carried • into execution, and the young thereby exposed to the danger of losing their faith, there the Church would be in duty bound not 'only to use her best efforts and to employ every means to secure for tbem the necessary Christian eduoation and instruction, but moreover would feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, and to dedare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools as.being adverse to the Catholic Church." It is unnecessary for me to remind this congregation that our Holy Father the Pope, who addressed these solemn words, is tbe Supreme Buler of the Church, the infallible teacher of divine truth, who holds the place of Christ in the spiritual kingdom of His Church, the head and father of tbe universal family which embraces within its bosom all the elect of God. We therefore receive his decisions in matters of religion and morals as emanating from God Himself, whose representative he is on earth. But it may be said that the system of education adopted in this colony does not banish religious teaching from the primary schools; for I learn that it is proposed that the Holy Scriptures should be read by the children attending the Government or publio schools of this colony. This does not, and will not, remove our objection, but rather increases our opposition to and disapproval of the system; for without taking into consideration tbe memorable words of St. Peter the Apostle, that there are many things in the Scriptures hard to be understood, which the unlearned and unstable wrest to their own destruction, the Catholic Church has always taught that religious instruction must be given under the authority of her legitimate pastors, and by those duly appointed by her Bishops. I have in my bands a remarkable petition, signed by tbe Archbishops and Bishops of Ireland, which was presented to the British Parliament in the year 1824; that is to say, five years before Catholic emancipation, when tbe Irish Catholics were engaged in their great struggle to live as free citizens in their native land. It shows that, though tbe Catholics of Ireland were at that time debarred from the exercise of their civil rights and privileges, the slavery and sufferings under whioh tbey groaned for almost 800 years only bad the effeot of making them more steadfast in their faith, and more attached to the principles and practice of their holy religion. I «mta the following passage from the petition to whioh I refer. They say'' that in the Roman Catholic Church tbe literary and religious Instruction of youth are universally combined, and that no system of eduoation wbicb separates them can be acceptable to the members of her Communion; that the religious instruction of youth in Catholic schools is always conveyed by meanB of catechetical instruction, daily prayer, and the reading of religious books, wherein the Gospel morality is explained and inculcated; that Boman Catholics have ever ' considered the reading of the Sacred Scriptures by children as an inadequate means of imparting to them religious instruction, as a usage whereby the Word of God is made liable to irreverence, youth exposed to misunderstand its meaning, and thereby not unfrequently to reoeive in early life impressions which may afterwards prove injurious to their own best interests, as well SB to those of tbe society which they are destined to form; that schools whereof the master professes a religion different from that of his pupils, or from which such religious instruction as the Catholic Church prescribes for youth is excluded, or in which books and tTaots not sanctioned by it are read or commented on, cannot be resorted to by the ohildren of Boman Catholics; and that threats and rewards have been found equally unavailing as a means of inducing Catholic parents to procure education for their children from such persons or in such schools; that any system of education incompatible with the discipline of the Catholic Church, or superintended exclusively by persons professing a religion different from that of the vast majority of the poor of Ireland, cannot possibly be acceptable to the latter, and must in its progress be slow and embarrassed, generating often distrust and discord, as well as a want of that mutual good faith and perfect confidence whioh should prevail between those who receive benefits and those who dispense them." These words, written so many years ago by tbe prelates of Ireland, seem so appropriate to the wants of the present day in these colonies that—although I admit we are living under very different circumstances, and enjoying the rights granted to us all under the Constitution—I have taken the liberty of quoting them. We Catholics profess our belief in the Scriptures, but at the same time we declare that neither the conscience, the reason, the light, nor the moving spirit of each individual is the legitimate interpreter of them, but the Church of God, the pillar and ground of truth, to which has been entrusted the deposit of the faith that she may guard and protect it for the enlightenment and guidance of her children, and hand it down, untarnished and unsullied, without change, spot, or wrinkle, from generation to generation, until time shall be no more. I am well aware that the course pursued by the Catholics of this and other colonies, and especially by the Bishops in regard to eduoation, has frequently been made the subject of severe strictures and comments. It has been said that we desire to have the whole education of the country in our own handB, to enforce our views not only on our own flocks, but even on those who differ from us in roligion. We are charged with the desire to appropriate to our own purposes, and according to our own views, the public funds destined for the educational interests of the colonies. It has been said, notwithstanding our repeated assurances to the contrary, that we objeoc to our schools being inspeoted and examined as to the character of the teaching given in tbem, and as to their general efficiency, by Governments officials, or by those duly appointed by the Boards of Education. We have only to state, in reply, what we have repeatedly said before. The Bishops, as in duty bound, are making every sacrifice to secure a good Catholic education for their own flacks; they declare that in the discharge of their solemn duties as rulers of a portion of the Church of Christ, and chief paBtors of His flock, responsible to the Prince of Pastors for every soul committed to their charge, it is their first and paramonnt duty to attend to tbe pasture in which the little ones of the fold are fed, and to the doctrines with which they are nourished. But the rights which the BishopB and Catholics of these colonies olaim for themselves they cheerfally grant to those of other communions. If they prefer mixed education, as far as we are concerned, by all means let them have it; and should any other system be agreeable to any particular sect, let them have their way, and let them be entitled to a proportionate share of the public funds destined for education, provided the secular teaching be found on enquiry and examination by the duly appointed inspectors to satisfy the requirements of the law. We Catholics, on the other hand, shall be always ready to admit the inspectors into our schoolB to examine their state and efficiency, and if on a fait and impartial examination tbey are found not to reach the standard as to the oourse of secular teaohing let the Government aid be withdrawn. Bat if in our Catholic schools the course of secular teaobing is found satisfactory, and to meet all the requirements of the law, let not the teaching of tbe holy Catholio faith or of its holy practices deprive us of the pecuniary aids to which by the law of the land we may be entitled, and from which we should not be debarred on account of oar religious and conscientious views. Behold, my Lord, the great mission which is placed in your bands to- day. Like Jeremias, the Prophet, you are made a fortified city to defend this diooese, to secure a good Catholio eduoation for its Catholic people. You are made, too, a pillar of iron, to encourage, support, and strengthen both priests and people in securing your rights ; and you are made a wall of brass over all this diocese, to resist tbe aggressions and efforts of those in power wbo would banish from your Cftthobc .schools that holy wwII? which your and their fathers bledfe^ "Tor behold I have made yon tified city, and a pillar of irol hrass over all the land, to the Kin™ of JS? ? to the princes thereof, and to the priel ^ to the people of the land. Be not atl^ their presence, for I will make thee not L' fear their countenance, and thev abnii « ? against thee, and shall not prevail * , am with thee, saith the Lord, to' dell thee » And our Divine Redeemer, sending His Apostles on the earns sion with which He charges you toM He announced to them that they be brought before governors, and 2 kings, and He said But when they X deliver you up, be not thoughtful how *, what to speak, for it shall be given VOB Z that hour what to speak. For it is not vm that speak, but tbe spirit of the Father tki speaketh in you." But it was not onb u the kings and prinoes of Judah J«emi ss wai sent, but to the priests and people ot th« land; and so you to-day, my Lord, are «D pointed the guide, the light, and Father ot both priests and people in this vast diooeM It is true that the priests now under jurisdiction are, in many respects, like yo n_ tbe helpers of God, His aients and instrj! ments, freely co-operating with Christ in that great work which He prizes so highly on which His heart was Bet from eternity which caused Him to come down to this earth, for which He laboured and died. The? are your equals in that which is most tmlime—the offering of the great sacrifice, and the administration of many of the gaoij. ments. But you now possess this power in its fulness; and moreover.it is under joti authority that they discbarge their dutiej and exercise the solemn function; of tbi ministry. It is for you to assign to each one his sphere of action, to quicken, rule, and direct; to be the eye that sees all, that watches over all, that is accountable to God and responsible to men for all. To you alone belongs that authority which is the guar, dian and the pledge of faitbfal adherence to duty in this portion of the vineyard of the Lord. You have only to consider the various figures under which the Church of Qo3, sod your relation to it, are represented, to forma correct idea of the character of you sacred office. Tbe Church yon know is represented as the spouse of Jesus Curist, pure and andefUed, not 'having spot or wrinkle, Her purity is entrusted to your guardianship, It is for you, with the powerful weapon! which God baB placed in your hands, to preserve that purity, and to war against all that would tarnish her beauty. If this Church oi Adelaide during her long widowhood hat suffered from any abuses or irregularities that may have crept in, it will be your duty to remove - them. Yon are called on by the nature of your office to protect and defend her, and to wage an incessant war against all that would sully her fair name. Again, the Church is represented as an army in battle array, and you are placed at the head of this army, to guide and direct it in the great battle in which all are engaged against the world, the flerh, and tbe devil. All jom flock are indeed fighting in the same cause, but under your authority and command, And if you fail for want of vigilance, ot singleness of purpose, or devotedness, it will be vain to expect victory from the bravery ol thoBe under your charge. The Church is a ship bearing a precious freight to the heavenlj port through the'troubled sea of this world, and you are its pilot appointed to steer it through the rocks and quicksands that an sure to come in her way in whatever course you may direct it. If you fail in a vigilant eyo or a steady hand, nothing (but confusion among those who are under your care,!and total wreck will be their lot. The Churchjj a house—the house of God; you are a steward in that house; to you are committed all its treasures. Be a faithful steward, so that on the last day you may hare to rejoice that you have been God's faithful minister in dispensing the treasures that were entrusted to your safe keeping. Onerous duties have been imposed upon yoa to-day; all your efforts must be directed to tbe interests of this Cburoh of Adelaide, to which you are now wedded by an almost indissoluble bond, symbolised by the ring which has been put upon your finger. The cross too has been placed upon you breast to remind you that you will'have trials and afflictions, which must be borne with all meekness'and patience; and the staff which yon bear in your hand reminds you of the power and authority which you have received from Jesus Christ for the edification of the people entrusted to your pastoral care. Ma yet, my Lord, how different is your position from that of the Prophet Jeremias, to whom it was announced by the Lord that not only the kings of Judah and the princes thereof, but also the priests and the people, should fight against him, and yet be was to fear them not. But you, my Lord, are here to-day surrounded by your priests and faithful people, who have come here to testify their afiootion, their loyalty, and obedience to your sacred person, and to assure you that nothing will be wanting on their part to enlighten the heavy responsibilities of your sacred office. Yes, my Lord, you will allow me to say, before I oonolnde. the position you hold onght to encourage and sustain you in discharging the onerous duties whioh yon undertake to-day. The prelates, the clergy, and tbe people prostrate before the altar of God in this noble Cathedral, have offered their fervent and nnited pray<*« that you be endowed with that strength and fulness of the Spirit of God to govern tbU diocese with wisdom, moderation, and fineness. Tins union whioh exists between yoa, the dergy, and your people, of whioh I Bee » signal proof before me in this vast congregation, is a pledge to me that this diooese under your administration will be a fortified oit1% •iio( of iron, a Wilt ofcferMfc SPff Hke an ' in battle array, will .advance to victory. *<!?.-. _i„„„,i the ceremony, after which His nmee their lordships, tlie clergy, and seve- Meading laymen were entertained at lnn- Sson by Dr Guhson at his residence. For remainder ofCatholiC Zntelliginceiet Page 13.. 