THE EUROPEAN MAIL. The principal event of the month is the trial ol the celebrated Cnllen case, O'Keeffe v. Cardinal Cullen. Under the direction of Chief Justice Whiteside, Jbe Jury returned a verdict for the . plaintiff, but as if to show that their own judgment recoiled against the ver dict, they assessed the damages at one farthing only. The evident partisanship displayed by Chief Justice Whiteside in his direction to flip, .low Rk pvoitpJ V / much unfavorable comment in both the English and Irish press, and the impression that Whiteside allowed himself to be biassed by his religious prejudices is strengthened by the fact that subsequently the full Court of Queen's Bench, by a majority of throe to one, granted an order for a new trial on the grounds of general misdirection of the J tiry by the Lord Chief J ustice ; the opposition of portions of that mis direction to the decision of the majority of the Court on the demurrer ; aud the denial in the teeth of fact, that the plaintiff Mr. O'Keeffe, had undergone any trial by His Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop. The Chief Justice, it seems, based his judgment upon an Act of Queen Elizabeth, which his brother Judges, and legal men gene rally, consider to have been rendered obsolete by subsequent legislation declaring the publication uf Papal rescripts illegal, and any action upon them invalid. The Dublin correspon dent of the Tablet, referring to the case, says : — The verdict has taken every one by surprise. Unanimity iu obeying under threats the Chief Justice, and damages of a farthing are incompatible. It is gene rally believed that there were eleven jurors for Jinding a verdict for the Cardinal, aild only one against. I heard delivered the whole of the charge of Chief Justice Whiteside, and a stranger one it lias liardiv over been my misfortune to bear. T'lie Chief Justice worked himself, at times, into a state of excitement bordering on frenzy — although lie read ins address — when denouncing Pupal encroachments and ecclesiastical pretensions and holding up the supremacy of civil law against j their dangerous influences. While com plimenting the Cardinal for the courteous and aii'able spirit which pervaded all his communications aud intercourse with Mr. O'Keeffe, lie selected, for bitter and unjust criticism, the conduct of His Eminence, when presiding at the diocesan election, or scrutiny, in Kilkenny, for a Coadjutor Bishop for the See of Ossory ; charging j him, distinctly, with refusing to receive | Mr. O'Keeffe's vote, because lie knew it would have been given in favor of Father O'Keeffe's cousin, a candidate for the See, and would thereby have cancelled the ma jority of one, by which Dr. Moran, the Cardinal's nephew, was placed at the head of the poll. No charge could he grosser, as regards the motive assigned, or more wholly destitute of a particle of founda tion. The aged Bishop, Dr. Walsli, was at the time bed-ridden, and iu the lowest i state of prostration. Physical!' unable to preside at the sanctuary, lie requested his metropolitan, the Cardinal Archbishop, to undertake the duty. V hen Mr. O'Keeffe tendered his vote as a parish priest, His Eminence asked the Vicar-General, the matter being notorious, whether Mr. O'Keeffe was under suspension, and he was answered in the affirmative. The Cardinal then said to Mr. O'Keeffe that this beiug so, he must presume for the present the validity of the censure, hut that lie might vote by signing and sealing his paper, and that lie, the Cardinal, would enclose it with his report on the suffrages to the Propaganda for their decision. All this the Cardinal gave in evidence ; yet this foul insinuation is cast upon liim and offensively commented on by the Chief Justice. Mr. O'Keeffe is evidently very fond of law, for since his suspension, which he incurred through bringing a civil action against one of his curates, he has been engaged in no less than seven law suits, besides the one now pending- between himself and Cardinal Cullen. Besides these he has eight more coming on — the first against his Bishop, Dr. Moran, for libel and defamation, spoken of him in the Friary Chapel on the occasion of the Episcopal visitation ; the second also against His Lordship for connection with the circular issued by the committee of the Callan Schools to Irish members of Parliament ; the third, against the Dublin Evening Post, for publishing and commenting- on that circular ; the fourth, against .the Kilkenny Journal, for quoting the article from the Evening Post ; the fifth against Dr. M'Donnell, Vicar- General of Ossory ; the sixth, against Mr. Harkin, Inspector of National Schools 5 the seventh, against the national uoaru : anu me eigncii, against the Local Government Board ; and in addition to these, there are two pending in which Mr. O'Keeffe will be defendant, namely, an action by the Inspector of Schools for assault and battery, and one by the School Com mittee, lor the recovery of the possession of the Callan Schools. Surely Mr. O'Keeffe must have mistaken his voca tion when he entered the priesthood; he would have been much more in his lenient as a lawyer. The most serious part of the affair, however, as far as Catholics generally are concerned, is Justice Whiteside's judgment, because it virtually amounts to a revival of the penal laws against the Catholic religion, which were, hitherto supposed to have been repealed by the Emancipation Act of 1821). Unless the verdict is reversed at the new trial which has been granted, there will be a strong agitation in Eng land for a specific repeal of the statutes of Elizabeth's reign against the Catholic Church. In England- there has been no im portant occurrence during the month beyond those with which our readers have already been made acquainted through the telegraph. In France the people seem to have settled down quietly under the Presi dency of Marshal McMahon, and the greatest confidence is shown in his ability to direct the helm of the State. In Spanish affairs the telegraph has placed us considerably in advance of the newspapers. The Carlists, whom the , advertiser last month pronounced to be " not even belligerents," have ex torted a practical concession oi the title from the Spanish Republicans themselves, as is shown by the sanction given by the Madrid Government to a Convention between the Northern Rail way Company and the Carlists. The line from Miranda, their most advanced post, to the French frontier was prac tically useless, as the Carlists would not allow trains to be run. The Company has accordingly bound itself to pay the Carlists a mouth for non-inter- ference with the regular traffic, under taking at the same time not to convey troops or anything contraband of war. That the Government at Madrid should have authorized this arrangement by consenting- the neutralization olthe line is a proof that the Northern pro vinces are to all intents and purposes in the possession of the Carlists. ''The Jesuits," says the Universe, "have been expelled from German', but their ghosts remain and keep frightening the inighcy Chancellor. The law of J uly 5, 1872, was not made to rid the country of the Jesuits alone, but of ' all religious aggregations cog nate to them and everything cognate to them could, by virtue of that law, be expelled at once, sans autre forme de procbs. As the criterion of relation ship to the obnoxious Order the Federal Council consider the implicit obedience withwhich the members of an Order are bound to do what they are asked by their superior or general ; and on this ground the capital sentence has been passed by Bismarck on the Redempto- rists, the Lazarists, the priests of the Holy Ghost, and the Society of the Blessed Heart of Jesus. The Germania vary correctly observes chat if all bodies of men pledged to ' implicit obedience' are to be dissolved, the German army must come under the operation of the law first of all, where obedience is enforced, not by suspension or excom munication, but by powder and shot. However, Bismarck has made up his mind, and consequently the four Orders must cease to exist. This is how liberty is understood in Germany at the present day. The Holy Father is in perfect health, although suffering- a slight lameness from his late attack of rheumatism. The fainting-fits, the death- bed scenes, the last consultation of the medical men, Ac., are all of them, without ex ception, the invention of the Liberia, the Capltale, and other respectable newspapers. The work of despoiling- the religious houses is of course pro ceeding as usual, but no one knows what becomes of the proceeds, for the Italian Government is in a hopeless state of bankruptcy. What will be come of Victor Emmanuel, between Ricasoli, Minghetti, Lanza, Venosta, Ac., it is difficult to conjecture — to say nothing of Sella. who has just autho rized the issue of 80 millions of paper money by the National Bank, and 10 millions by the Bank of Tuscany. In the meanwhile Angelo Mazzoleni, a well-known barrister of Lombardy, and a distinguished member of the Opposition, has just published a book, entitled " The Italian people," in which iie gives us a list ol the taxes under which " free and united' Italy at this moment groans. They are only fifty in number ! Mazzoleni, at the end ol his catalogue, remarks very naturally as follows: — " We only now want one thing, namely, a tax upon the air we breathe, and then we shall be a model country. It is hard to understand, after so much bleeding, how our people manage to laugh, or to be amused with anything, or to play the fool." So much for the free aud enlightened Italy. 