MINING NEWS. \- 4 CHARTERS TOWERS. (From the Northern Advocate, September 6.) There is very little of any consequence to report this week in mining matters. Things remain about the same at the Seventy-mile as at the date of our last re port. With the exception of the continued good luck of James Pyle in extracting gold from his mullocky leader at the Pyramids, we hear of nothing worthy of noting in that part of the district. At the Bluff a few are getting out payable stone, whilst from Brookes and Rihbton there is nothing fresh of any importance. The news from the Kirk this week is a little more encouraging than usual. First-rate stone is being got in the Margaret at a depth of 25ft. The Commais sioner's, which crushed lately and paid well, was abandoned on the belief that the gold had run out; but it has since been taken up by O'Shanessy and party, who sunk through the blank patch and came on first-class stone. The Lady Jane p.o., No.1 north and No 1 south, look very well. The Ancient Briton line is also looking up in the p.o. and Nos. 1 and 2 south. The Morning Star looks as well as ever; there are be tween 200 and 300 tons on grass at present, and when their turn comes to crush at the new machine they will be able to keep it going for fve or six weeks. The machine is to start crushing to-day with stone from the Caledonia. Papuan Extension.-The prospecting claim is an ordinary prospecting claim and two men's ground, which with No. 1 north- west belongs to Mr. B. P. Watkis. This claim has the deepest underlie shafton the field, viz., a depth of 1391t, and at the deepest level the reef appears to be the best, the last crushing of 97 tons having produced 295oz. The reef averaged throughout the whole of the ground, which has been blocked out, from lit Gin to 3ft Gin in thickness, and has yielded a very respectable amount of gold, enough to make any wandering digger cease from his wander ings. Four hundred and ninety tons of stone have been crushed for 13490o of gold, and 198 tons of sur face for 159oz, or a grand total of 688 tone for 15080. On the western boundary of the Papuan Extension there is a reef named the Surprise, which has been worked up to the boundary, and will be caught in the Papuan at a depth of o0ft; it is 6in thick. In No. 2 they are down 95ft on the underlie; they sank 15ft below the water level in the underlio without any in convenience ; they have since risen up to the waterlevel driving on it, and have got the reef 15in to 18in thick, which prospects for about 2oz. They have 100 tons of surface in Dean's yard, which will be crushed next week. They have crushed altogether from this claim about 111 tons for 186os, and 16 tons of surface for 28oz, or a total of 127 tone for 214oz. The Queen line is one of the oldestand beet on this field; it is easily worked, a good thickness, and has sent a great quantity of stone to the machines. The Bockhampton Btulletin of the 11th instant says :-The Hon. A. H. Palmer started for Beaufort, vid Clermont, by yesterday morning's train. He was accompanied by Mr. Ballard, Chief Engineer, and Mr. Byerley, Engineer for Roads, C.D. Mr. Palmer will drive to Goganjo, and probably across the range, on the newly-cleared railway line, which will afford him an excellent opportunity of judging of the pro. gress of the extension. From the Peak Doons Tele gram we learn that preparations were being made to entertain the Premier at dinner at Clermont. A telegram has been laid on the table of the General Assembly of Neow Zealand, from the Colonial Secretary of Queensland, with reference to a proposal fora mail steamer between Auckland and Brisbane. He states that, with the view of promoting purely commercial relations, New Zealand might entertain the propo sition in connection with the mail service vid Torres Straits. SUNLIGHT POa THE SICK.-Dr. William H. Ham mond, in discussing the sanitary influence of light, observes (says the British Medical Journal) that the effects of deficient light upon the inmates of hospital wards and sick chambers have frequently come under his personal observation. Most physicians know how carefully the attendants upon the sick endeavour to exclude every ray of light from the apartment; and it must be admitted that the members of the profession are often fully as assiduous in this respect. That the practice, except in some cases of actual disorder of the brain and other parts of the nervoua system, is per nicious, he is well satialled. During the early years of tile late war lie visited the camp and hospital of the regiment stationed in West Virginia. Reports had reached General Rosecrans's head-quarters that the sickness and mortality were something frightful, and he was ordered to examine minutely into all the cir cumstances connected with the situation of the camp, the food of the men, &e.; Among other things he found the sick crowded into a small room, from which the light was excluded by blinds of indiarubber cloth. They were as effectually bleached as is celery by the earth being heaped, up around it. Pale, bloodless, ghost- like looking forms, they seemed to be scarcely mortal. Convalescence under such circumstances weas almost impossible, and doubtless many had died who, had they been subjected to the operation of the simplest laws of natore, would have recovrered. STEAN A5 A FIBl ExTrsiortSna.-Dr. Weiden busch, of Weiebaden, highly recommends steam as a fire-extinguisher, and suggests experiments as to the best method of employing it, as well by the use of portable boilers (where the connecting pipes would produce the chief difficulty) as by pipes and boilers arranged for each building. As an illustration of its eficiency, lie gives the case of a factory about 190 feet long and 33 feat wide, the garret of which was filled with rags, shavings, leather-scrape, h&., in which, when the fire was detected, half the length of the roof was burning. The fire apparatus arrived about an hour afterward, and the extinguishing applisnces of the building itself was so defective that the whole roof was in flames and had fallen in, and the lower story was on fire in different places. About two hours and a half after the outbreak of the fire a steam-boiler separate from the building, and not in use for some hours, was fired up with wood, and the cast-iron pipes were cut by a daring carpenter, who entered a room of the burning building. The effect was instanta neous. The room, filled with the steam issuing under high pressure (which, however, lie does not consider essential), soon darkened, one portion after another ceased to burn, even the heaps of rags on the garret, with free access of air, were gradually extinguished, and after half-an-hour all danger was regarded as past. LrrtEa- iOXES IN LUNATcTtc Asyrtuos.-The Belgian Government lias recently ordered securely locked letter-boxes to be placed in all the insane asylums of the country, public or private, in positions where they will be easily accessible to all the inmates. They are designed (says the London iMfedical eeaord) to allow complaints and suggestions to be made to the autho rities in a way independent of any of the oflicers or attendants. No one connected with the institution can have secess to them. They are in charge of the Procureur du Roi of the district, and the letters which they contain are taken to him weekly for examination. The complaints made are investigated, and if any one assert that he is sane, he is ordered to be examined by medical experts. Abuses are corrected. The sys tem exerts a wholesome influence, and tends to secure proper management in all its details. Twenty-four books were published in Japan last year. Seven were translations of foreign elementary works on chemistry and physics, four on geography, two on Americsn history, and three on civil law. One gives the Japanese text of all the treaties of Japan with foreign countries; another a full list of Japanese ofiers above a certain grade ; and a third is on " The Prinoiples of Freedom.' 