Week IIUIIIII/ October 18. The visits ufthelYoinicraudthcMinist'-rfor , Lauds have excited some public interest during thc week. Afr. raituet* arrived herc on Friday evening, li av hi g made thc trip {rom I (J) erm ont hy coach, in eimscejucncc of an ace.- : dent tu Iiis buggy on tue way fRim Beaufort to i Copperfield. On Monday thc hon. gentleman, | attended by thc Minister for Lauds, received a brace of deputations-one from thc Muni- cipal Council, the other from thc Volunteer Hille < îorps. The Mayor and aldermen sought to ascertain on what terms thc <Jovcm ment would give assistance towards building a bridge over the Fitzroy. Mr. l'aimer, after patiently hearing thc various aldermen express their views, «tated that thc only terms on which thc tiovcrnment could recommend the , legislature to give aid at prcsont would bc by lending Hie required amount to tlic Municipal I'ouucil, aud taking security not only over tlic bridge toile but nUo over thc general revenues of thc municipality. To these icrnis the Conned and tho public take exception on thc very excellent ground tint tlic bridá- is rather a district than a inuuicipal require- ment. Mr, Palmer, however, stated distinctly tli.it at present he could not vary his oller, but if Parliament chose to vote thc money on any better terms he would make no objection. Thus it becomes evident that parliamentary, iiillucuac and not "proper representations" must be trusted to as thc lever hy which thc bridge shall bc raised. Arrangements have been made hy Messrs. Chapple and Pattison for again working the Native Oat Reef. Tho men were connected with thc party who formerly owned thc reef, and they arc believed to bc well acquainted with its remunerative character. Thc reef, as well as thc Helena machine, is now tho property of Messrs. Pattison and Chapple. Mr. Graham left Westwood for Clermont on Wednesday, travelling along the railway lineas far as practicable, in order to become acquainted with the character aud progress of of thc works. As may now bc known, thc hon. gentleman is to bc opposed at Copperfield by Mr. Craven, a Good Templar, and what appears to be deemed a still higher qualification by his supporters, a Copperfield man to tho backbone, lt may reasonably bc presumed, however, that the majority of electors even at at Copperfield will remain true to Mr. Graham, who is admitted at Brisbane to be one of thc most useful and creditable members of thc House. Another of thc Blackall candidates has formally put in au appearance during the week. |j\Vo refer to Mr. William Rca, who has published an address of such enormous length as would have spoiled thc best candidate's chance of election. But os Mr. Rea never had thc ghost of a chance, it is not for us to object to thc powerful blast he has givcu from his penny whistle. People arc now beginning to inquire with some anxiety when the plat- form Performances of candidates are to commence, hut there is still abundance of time for speechifying before the day of nomination, Mr. Fyfe unexpectedly returned to town by last steamer, having only visited Rrisbauo instead of Melbourne. He is now said to lie a teetotaller, and intends to win thc Rock- hampton constituency again on that ticket if practicable. If thc slighest confidence were reposed in his teetotalism he would probably bo allowed a walk-over. Auother case of shipwreck has occurred on our coast, tins time in Hervey's Bay. The uufortunato vessel is the l'reuch barque Parame, bound from Manila to Maryborough, with 723 tons raw sugar. This supplies another proof that an efficient coast pilot service is absolutely necessary to the safe navigation of our waters by foreign vessels. We have no doubt, however, that Lieut. Heath, R.N., ami thc Marine Board, will again saddle thc blame upou thc unhappy Captain. But as thc Sablic will hardly bo satisfied with the curd's empirical decisions, thc members of tho new Parliament will certainly take thc matter up, and not bo satislicd until the blame has been placed on thc right shoulders. Thc late Church of England bazaar at thc School of Arts has yielded a net amount of £273 Us. 8d Several accidents have occurred during the week. On Saturday a carter, named Samuel UBher, sustained a fracture of tho thigh and other bruises through his wood-carl capsizing and falling upon him. A seaman named Williams was accidentally drowned near Satellite Passage, Fitzroy River, on the night of yesterday week. Ho was employed on the schooner Mona, and was knocked over hy thc boom of thc vessel. His body has not boen recovered. Henry John Watchorn, a fireman on board thc s.s. Tinonee, was accidentally drowned at an carly hour on Tuesday morn- ing. On Wednesday, a water-carrier, named Harrold, sustained a bad compound commi- nuted fracture by falling under and thc wheel of his dray passing over his leg just above the ancle. At Goganjo Creek, on Tuesday, a boy named William Marsh, in attempting to jump on a dray while in motion, was struck on thc forearm by thc " jink," breaking both bones. Thc name of thc forthcoming journal at Copperfield has been changed from the Echo to tho ¡liner. Thc northern news reccivod during the week shows that there is a great rush from all thc gold-fields there to tho new diggings on thc Palmer River. All that is known is that a party of prospectors have returned to the Etheridge with I2U 023. of gold, and reporting thc discovery of an auriferous area of twenty miles in extent. Much of the ground tried, however, was too poor to bc remuneratively worked. Beyond this there appears to bc no justification whatever for tho rush. Tho s.s. Leichhardt is reported to have left Brisbane on Wednesday, for tho Endeavour River. She takes police, road, and survey partios, for tho purpose of opening up a road, from thc coast to the Palmer diggings, in thc hope that much hardship aud deprivation will bc prevented, and a ready means of access to the new gold-field be provided. Grcathcad's remedy for dipthcria is said to have been tried in several instances since thc revelation of thc secret, and to have been attended with marvellously successful results. If we may believe thc Victorian papers, that terrible throat disease' is now deprived of all its terrors. Tlic sugar-freighted barque Kate Conley, wdiich put into Keppel Bay a few days since with her crew in a state of alleged subordiua tion, has started for Melbourne in charge of thc chief officer, who has been appoiutcd master of the vessel. The officers and crew were brought up at tho Police Court, where it was established without doubt that tlic late Captain's "indisposition" was the cause of thc disturbauce. 