THE SWISS PILGRIMAGE. A pilgrimage took place on the Feast of the Martyrs St. Maurice and his Companions, or the Thebal Legion. The Monastery of St. Maurice, in the Canton Valais, was erected in their honor in 1489, and is still enriched with their relics ; its abbot is now Bishop of Bethlehem in partibus. The story of the Tlieban Legion is well known. One of the legions of Diocletian raised in the Thebais, or Upper Egypt, was composed of Chris tians, and commanded by Christian officers, Mauricius, Exsuperius, and Candidus. While marching against Gaul with this and other legions Maximian, the commander-in-chiefj issued an order at Octoduram, now Martigny, that the whole army should join in offering- sacrifice to the gods for the success of the expidition. The Tlieban Legion, with their com mander, hereupon withdrew, and en camped near Agaunum (now called St. Maurice), and there were decimated day after day in punishment, and at last were all done to death to a man for their faith. (See Butler's " Lives of the Saints," Sept. 23.) To this place 20,000 Swiss, with eight of their bishops, made a pilgrimage on the anniversary of the feast, the 22nd of September. The following were the acclamations on the occasion : — Bishop of Basle (to the pilgrims) : Let me ask you, if you had to choose between death and denial of your faith, would you not repeat the words of the martyrs, " Death rather than dis honor " '( Pilgrims : Yes, death rather than deny our faith. Bishop : Your acclamations are the renewal of the promises made at the holy time of your Confirmation and first Communion. Be faithful to thein. Let us swear fidelity, love and worship to Jesus Christ, the immortal King of glory, King of ages, the Creator of the .. -- — - world, the Son of God made man, who was crucified, rose again, and ascended into heaven, our Sovereign Judge, Gor), together with the Father and the Holy Ghost. Love, honor, veneration and glory to the martyrs who had loved Jesus Christ, and suffered outrages, persecutions, banishment and death for their love. Fidelity, glory and love to Pius the Ninth, our infallible Pontiff, the Vicar of Jesus Christ. Fidelity, love and obedience to the bishops united to Pius, and by means of Pius to Peter — to Jesus Christ — to God : to the episcopate charged to teach and lead the souls of men to salvation. Love and fidelity to the bishops of the Catholic world. Men of Valais, love and fidelity to the Bishop of Sion, your father in God. Catholics of Lau sanne, love and fidelity to your father in God, the Bishop of Lausanne, heroic confessor of the faith, ere now prisoner in Chillon. Catholics of persecuted Geneva, love and fidelity" to your Banished bishop, brave apostle of Jesus Christ. Men of Eastern Switzerland, love and fideliiy to our brother Bishops of St. Gall, of Coir, and to our worthy fellow laborers. Men of the abbey and town or St. Maurice, love and fidelity to the Bishop of Bethlehem who guards) the relics "of the martyrs and the integrity of the faith in that famous abbey. (Here the pilgrims burst into acclamations for the speaker, Menrignor Lacliat, Bishop of Basle, who forgot himself and his banishments.) Honor to the brave aud faithful priests, ready like the martyrs to suffer everything, even death, rather than betray and deny the Church. Honor, glory, and love to all those who suffer for the Church and for Jesus Christ. Love, honor, and glory to this canton of Valais, to its priests, to its magistrates, to its people firm in the faith ; to the ancient and famous abbey of St. Maurice, to its venerable Canons, guardians of learning and teachers of youth. Love, honor, and glory to our dear Switzerland, our native country, once the classic land of liberty, peace, and prosperity to all its children. But let us not forget, in one that passes away, our everlasting country. Let all of us present promise, with the martyrs of the Tlieban Legion, to die rather than deny our faith — the holy faith of our fathers — for which Jesus Christ, His apostles, and millions of martyrs have suffered and died. Now let us say the " I believe," the glorious watchword of our faith. (Here the 20,000 pilgrims recited With their bishop the Apostles' Creed.) Let us who are bishops on this solemn day re new the oath of our consecration. Let us swear union and fidelity to the in fallible Pope, love to Jesus Christ ; let us swear rather to suffer a thousand deaths than to betray our sacred office. You,- too, who are priests renew the vows and promises of your holy ordi nations and swear to remain faithful to J esus Christ, whatever sufferings await you. Answer ; We swear. And you, Christians, renew the promises of your baptism, of your first Communion and Confirmation. Swear to remain in life and death faithful children of our holy mother, the Ca tholic, Apostolic, and Roman' Church. Answer: We swear. Now let us pray our Lord Jesus Christ to help us to keep these promises and let us remember this great day. 