Ccriositt has been excited to a high pitch here in-SaIlarak,ho know wliether Monday's fiasco was a case of " maitot-iiggiii" or over-sangYiIne rr>ir>r?« up attbe | Reefs. Interested speculators have, before now, misused the telraph -wires in order to feather their own nests, and erroneous reports liave .keen as often 1 i sa<=>m ivi ntori without the least malicious or selfish mo- tive. Just now, however," people down here are apt to look suspiciously upon any occurrence of the for which Monday last will he long remembered, seeing that some of the people of St-iwell have no cause to love Bailarat, and that the process of clipping the feathers of the habitues of the Corner would no. doubt be a very pleasurable sen sation to a number of the Seefites. It is difficult to say at this stage, however, on which horn of the dilemma Stawell deserves to-be impaled ; hut tre are inclined to give it theheht of the doubt for two or three reasons. The hews that the South Scotch- maus had struck a reef, or the reef, was sent to Bailarat eariy in the day, hy one of the most respectable stock-dealing firms at Stawell, and the telegram was. cautiously worded, seeing that it simply made the statement the faith of a report. When the excitement for stock on tins line set in, orders were wired up to Stawell to bay, bat replies came back that none of tire stock sought could be obtained. Some people think this was only a part of a plot to run up the price of shares in Bailarat, so that the reaction should be the more severely felt ; but if so, the play was surely not worth the caudle. The friends of the cliumholders, and they have a few sympa thisers even" here, have suffered far more by the false report than the jumpers, or their friends ; and a very litUe knowledge or re flection on the part of the Stawdhtes must bare shown them that any dodge of the kind would be most likely to meet with this fate. Monday's telegram would therefore have been a clumsy device to punish Balla-, rat for the jumps, and on this ground we cannot see an' force in the pretext put for ward for the origin of the mischievous re port. If Stawell had met the demand which arose in Bailarat for shares on this line of reef, method might have been traced in the telegram; but seeing that Stawell refused to dispose of a share, it is hard -to .see what purpose — either pro fitable or malicious — there was involved in the dissemination of thefalse news, especially as delay was fatal to the manipulators, ! supposing such a design underlaid it A curious point arises when taking this view of the case. How was it that the Stawel- lites, living on the spot, could not at once ascertain whether the report was true or false, instead of hating to wait for hours before being able to allay the excitement by a denial ? The moment the news readied Bailarat, telegrams were sent np to Stawell to know whether it was true ; but it was nearly three horns after the first telegram was sent before a reply came. The ex planation offered of tins delay is that the Stawellites are a slow-going community, and did net, therefore, reply immediately, not in fact attaching modi importance to the report ; but the dose-fistedness with which they held to their scrip father goes to prove the reverse of this. It tends to'ehow, to our mind, that they were as much misled by the report, and placed tire same confi dence in it, as the habitues of our Corner. Mr Acheson, the manager of the company, was aniongst the first to telegraph to. the mining manager, to know whether the - newB was reliable, and his commendable promptitude was warmly seconded by the ; BalTarirt directors. But they also had to wait for houfs before -they could get a reply, ..or ' before they were in a position to give an authoritative contradic tion to what had been telegraphed to Bal- laraL- As the delays thus occurred all round, the only way to account for them is, either that the men at the claim believed they had struck a reef, and therefore waited for a little further exploration before sending back a reply, or that the telegraph office at Stawell is presided over by a very sleepy offidaL Our own opinion of Mon day's fiasco is that too much credence was attached np at Stawell to an idle report, set afloat by some -individual to subserve his own ends, mid that the informa tion was distributed over the colony hy wire before sufficient enquity bad been in stituted to ascertain its genuineness or the reverse. The latter is an error of judg ment, but not proof of fraud, as the least reflection will suffice to show. Mr ACHESON and the directors, however, ought to make full enquiry into how this false report came ; to be sent down — not only in the interests of the shareholders, but also to reassure the public mind that there are no tricksters at the mine. The injury done to companies is considerable by these false tales, since they tend to destroy confidence in the bona fides of the persons primarily connected with working operations. Tbe South Scotch- mans has .been admirably and honestly managed all through, and therefore tha public look with confidence to the management to clear up this mystery. Meanwhile, it will not be out of place to administer a caution to share- brokers and others, not to be so ready to fly to the telegraph offices as they gene rally show themselves to be. They should be satisfied in all cases that the news which has reached them is reliable, before scatter- iug it broadcast over the country, - and working out no end of mischief and loss. The temptation to utilise the earliest news is of course great ; but the punishment, in loss of confidence and business, is sure to come sooner or later, if such carelessness of the interests of the markets is often dis played. There is no evidence to show fraud in this Stawell business, but there is much to justify a complaint against the stock-broking firm, which- was the first to spread the news, of incautiousness and undue precipitation. A very facile method to check the loss which these mischievous telegrams give rise to, would be for- the telegraph managers on the goldfields to he instructed by. the Government to give precedence to any telegrams lodged for transmission,' either affirming or denying reports sent hy the same means. The "suf ferers by these unwarranted excitements are nearly always those who have the least power to protect themselves, and therefore our suggestion contains nothing that can be considered either uncalled for or out- rageous. Ah' examination of the new land regulations issued by Mr CASEY shows- that there is nothing at all novel in the statement made yesterday, that the Government intends to grant licenses to saw-mill proprietors for 1000 acres respectively of the State forests. In the third section of the eighth chapter of these regulations it is recited that the Board of Land and Works may issue licenses, con ferring the exclusive right to cut timber in specified portions of these forests not ex ceeding in any instance 1000 acres. Turning to schedule XV, the object of these licenses is found to be to prevent the waste of timber that has so long prevailed ; no tree being allowed to be cat down that does not mea- sure 18 inches in diameter, unless under special authority from the board. Provision is not made for re-planting; but ample safeguards are taken to prevent damage to the young growtliB. In order to understand this regulation, it is necessary to bear in ajlpouAe to control these forests, and to re-stock them with trees'; also that under the regulations, saw-mill proprietors will be compelled either to burn np the tops and waste, or to sell them for-firing purposes — at aU events, as they must clear the ground, it is fair to presume they will sell rather than destroy this refuse. " The fear that these licenses will lead to an ad- vance In tbe price of firewood seems to us on further reflection to he groundless, partly because we are assured on the best authority that there is an immense quantity of timber very suitable for this purpose still left to be cut down upon the alienated lands in the neighborhood of the goldfields; and partly because there will be practically little or no difference between the new and the old re gulations. Under the old regulations saw mill proprietors overran each other, so to speak, in picking out the best trees, and this --caused, delay, confusion/ and: waste which tended to increase the price of timber. Under the new, each saw-mill pro prietor will have an area to himself, and be able to obtain timber under much more favorable circumstances. The effect there- fore of the new regulations will be to cheapen timber rather than to increase its price, and this is. the opinion of a number of practical men whom we conversed with on the snb- ject yesterday. One very good clause in the regulations is that these licenses shall only issue for twelve months, when they are revokable by order of the Board of Land and Works, so that if the new regulations are not found to worfc well they con soon be rescinded. Another safeguard to the mining interest exists in the appointment of State Forest Commissions. Altogether, we see no cause to complain of these licenses, seeing bow cautiously they are to be issued, and flow they will tend to improve tfle faci lities for obtaining timber for tbe saw-mills. At all events, the new scheme should have a trial before it is condemned. The Railway Department is a very great department indeed. It is the soundest illustration of the how-not-to-do-it principle that exists south of the -line. Henceforth, the time-tables teU us, the morning trains i will ' take twelve minutes longer to reach Bai larat than heretofore, the midday trains ten minutes, 'and' lite night trains seventeen minutes. Considering that for some time past, the desire has been that, the time these trains take to reach their destinations should be shortened, : this change may be regarded as a very distinct, though metaphorical slap in the face to Bai larat. The excuse assigned for the alte rations is that these trains will run goods as well .as passengers in future, though experience tells us they have done this for some time past. Another is that, by- some mysterious logic, the closing of the Werribee refreshment bar will lengthen the time the trains will require to accomplish their journey. AVe do not care to probe the why and the wherefore of these alte rations, sauce it would - taks a regiment of Philadelphia rationalists, with JOHN Stuart Mill . thrown in, to fathom the mysterious doings of this much-mismanaged department. But our reply to this latest ukase from Spencer street is that it must be rescinded, unless our railways are to become the .gibe and soorn of every business "mail- in the colony. AVe trust one of the members for Bailarat will make himself heard in no mincing terms, in. the Assembly, npon this subject Extending the time of the journey between Melbourne and Bailarat is the most outrageous' proceeding ever heard of in connection with our lines, and it is one that Bailarat representatives should show the Government that neither themselves nor this community will submit to. 'without vigorous opposition. A joke's a joke, as we all know; but this last facetious effort on the part of Mr Gillies' office is as ' offensive as it is contemptible. Yesterday was what is known as Separation Bay and as a consequence the Telegraph Offices were closed to the public from ten in the morning until six in the evening, when they only opened for an hoar. It is quite right to celebrate events in the histories of young couimunitle?. These cele brations rivet incidents in tbe mind&of; our youth, which othenvise would soon be lost-sight of, though they are full of interest and instruction. Bat the machinery of Government should not be suspended in order to remind the public that once upon a time, within the memory of this generation, Vic toria was a dependency of New South Wales. Briefly, the closing of the Telegraph Offices yes terday was voted "an injury to business and a great inconvenience to eveiy person in this town. It killed the Corner for the time bring, and the annoyance was more keenly frit than usual, owing to the South Scotchmons imbroglio of the previous day. We trust the Government will devise some means by which these semi-public holidays can be observed without throwing the community into confusion. The Telegraph Offices should never he closed during a working day. seeing the loss and incon venience to which business people are subjected by the suspension of electric communication. The banks would do well to take the same subject into earnest consideration. -The Bailarat General Sessions for July will he opened this morning in the Lydiard street court house, by his Honor Judge Rogers. Tbe list, which is rather a light one, will be found given elsewhere. We publish elsewhere this morning the bill to regulate the employment of females in workrooms" and factories, the second reading of which will be moved in the Assembly this evening. Tbe Bailarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society's annual ploughing match took place yesterday, on the farm of Mr James Stewart, near Two Bridges ho Cel. Bomunbeet. A report of the proceedings appears elsewhere. The author of all the " Ghost" commotion found herself in durance vile Yesterday. In the morning an information was sworn against Miss Perafone Johtr by John Peohallmiclc. and she was arrested on warrant, and taken to the Eastern lock-up. but was soon afterwards bailed out by Mr Timothy Dvyer. The charge on "which she was arrested was that of wilfully breaking twenty-four panes of glass, the property of John Penhallurick. Tlie girl denies that Hie threw the first stone, but admits the rest ; and she offers no explanation of her strange proceedings beyond this, that she did it " for devilment." She will be brought up at the Town Police Court on Thursday. A meeting of Mr F- M. Clarion's friends null be held this evening, at eight o'clock, at the White Hart hotel, Stuit street. The election of a member to represent the West Riding in the Bunmyongshire Council took place yesterday, and resulted in be return of Mr Davies by a majority of 106 votes over Mr Saner. In addition to Mr A. J! Forbes, wo understand that Mr Donald Gunn. president of the Bailarat- shire Council, and Mr Ereringham, of tbe City Council, have expressed their determination to come forward, at the next "election as candidates for the Learmonlh electorate. . A meeting of the leading farmers at Mount Bolton and the Springs was held on Monday evening at the Royal Standard Mfal, Mount Bolton, for the purpose of arrangements for the annual district ploughing match. There were present — Mr Neil Blair (in the chair), and Messrs C. Edmonston, AY, Harrison, J. Young, J., Anderson, and H. Gorton (Hon. secretary). It was resolved that the match be. held on Tuesday, 15th July. A committee, consisting of the chairman, aad Messrs Young, Eraser, and Anderson, was appointed to select suitable land for the match; the committee to bring up their report at the next meeting, to he held at die Addingtoo hotel on Friday next. Collectors were also appointed to gather subscriptions. The Bungarceshire Council, at its sitting yester day, adopted a deviation from the original route of the proposed State forest road to Blackwood. Flans, &c.;, are to be prepared of a road diverging from. the Melbourne aud Bailarat main north road at the Mooraboel, thence past Hanhurys to O'Keefe's corner, and thence along the route originally pro- posed. Another deputation is to wait npon the Government, and the City and Town Councils are lurited to co-operate. \- An inquest-was held, at the. gaol yesterday on the body of a man named James Scott, who -died unexpectedly there on Monday. The deceased had been admitted on tbe 24tb ultimo, nodes sentence Bench, and when he ctune m he wm almost com- pletely paralysed. The medical testimony went to show that death was caused bv congestion of the brain, ensuing upon serous effusion ; and the jury returned a verdict to that effect. At the meeting of the Bungareeslure Council yesterday, Councillor Anderson was allowed one' month's leave of nbsence on account of ill-health. , Mr Anderson purposes nmlnpg a trip to Queens land. There mm no police court held yesterday/owing to the day being a. Government holiday, and there was rery little else done at the lock-ups beyond tlie disposal of a few drunkards. Cohen and Son, fruiterers, of the Main road, showed us -yesterday several samples of oranges and lemons gathered from Mr T. H. Dard ell's Paradise vineyard, Batesford. Both oranges and lemons look well, and promise to command good prices in the markets of the colony. The samples will he exhibited for a few days- in the window of Mr Smith's coed shop. Armstrong street. A trial of coltivation instrumcqte ip connection with the National Agricultural Society takes place on the 3rd JuJy. on which, occasion (says the jTeZe- graph) Mr Thomas Bath, of Ldmnonth, hss kindly consented to worfc thc_ " .dynamometer," Idndly lent by the Bailarat society' jor 7 the occasion, for testing the different draughts of the ploughs. At the meeting iof the Loyal Victorian Lodge of the M.U., held on Monday evening, Br C. Smart was installed as G.M. : Br W. H. Davy, as N.G-. ; Br W. Cope, as V.G-. ; and Br E. Knoll, as sec retary. - r - ; Tlie concert to be given at the Mechanics' next Friday evening, under tbc auspices of the Early Closing Association, promises to "be a very enjov- able entertainment. The services of Mrs Cutter have been obtained, as also (hose of Mrs Little as pianists?. In 'addition to "tli ipse ladles , Miss Farr will takp jiart in tbe vocalisation, together with Sir S- Wrigley, Sir A. W. Bruun, Mr P. Cazaly, and Sir s. Latnbte;'who will net as director.' The 1 programme has been published, and afaows a very discriminating and happy selection of for theoccaeion, A resident of Ararat, Wheeler, alleges that he lias discovered " perpetual motion," aztd be promises to exhibit the result of his handiwork in tlie course of a fewMays. A similar discovery was said to hare, been made in Bailarat about two years ago. but someho w nothing has tnx»r| heard of it since. Feasibly the two. discoreries . will-meet with the same fate, which can beas wdl guessed as described. v - _ Mr J. Brooks, of 238 Bonike street jeast.Jhas seat as a eopy-if -Dr Reeves- wink oir ""Heart Diseases iu Australia, with Observations on Aneurism of the Aorta." ' The work is lucidly and ably written, and should ; be- in "the' possession of every medical man. Some venrinteresting cases of ircarl disease aredted m die book. ' . . On Monday evening a meeting was beid at the Victoria hotel, Haddon, for the purpose iof afford ing the seven candidates who liave been nominated /or the Board of Advice for the North Hiding of Grenvzilesiiire an opportunity tn express their views on tlie subject. „ About 150„pereons were present. Mr R. Hi Lock, J:P1; was voted to the chair, and referred to the scope, objects, and im portance of the ney .Education Act. and to . the boon it would be' to the rising generation, if carried out in tlie, spirit in which it was conceived aud enacted by the Legislature. Tbe several candidates were then called on in the alphabetical order of their names. The first four had addressed a meet ing" a few days previously, and did little but repeat the views they then expressed- Mr M 'In tyre said he was well known, and, "if elected, would do his best for the interests, of the community. Several questions were put to tbis candidate respecting his neglect to attend meetings of tire bid committee, and, in reply, he said he certainly had not attended the' meetings for a long time. But as the questions were drifting into personal -matters, the chairman interposed, aud said the several-candidates could be questioned after tliey had all addressed the, meeting. -Mr'James M'Vitty was next calledon. He said he would be very brief. As a residrat in -the district, he would use'his best efforts to carry out the Education Act in its integrity, /or tire moral w elfare .of ".-all classes and sections. .Mr Rogcraoh addressed the' meeting," and at some length entered into the . provisions of the net and the/unctions of the Boards of Advice. Mr Roger- son said he had hsd & groat deal of experience in school management. A very cordial Tote of thank to the chairman brought the .meeting to a close at anearly hour. '" A notice appears - in our to-day's issue, calling. upon tenderers for the "City Council's horse labor, to draw up their hdtsea and drays for inspection, to-day, at an honr and place named in the adver- . tisement. The Bailarat Coursing flub, wo understand, harp mnVlft winmgPTWPnto fcfcold A l-fc bulj1 "Qght dog stake, to be rnn tins sean- And ytvgiiuiime of tbe meeting will appear ii few days. Yesterday, being Separate Day, was observed as a holiday in the aol Government offices. A girl of prepossessing pPeaTanee7 naine Jane Morrison, was charged 3 the Town lock-up yes terday witli being a TBant, and was remanded till the 7th instant. Sh' had stated the previous evening that she intended to poison herself, aad was consequently taker Into custody. According to her -own story, she had been living until re cently with a Chines, who got into gaol for gambling, and since t)ea she has been " knocking about" Bailarat She says that her first downward step was taken in a pie-shop in the Main road, kept' b one Davies. some twelve months ago. Dtuiig the remand the police will make enquiries as 0 the truth of her statement. A special meetng of the members of the Mechanics' Institite has been called for next Tues day evening, to panaid Ar thp advisability of altering the rule of the frstitotion relative to the payment of subscriptions We have to p all the way to Maryborough to ascertain the socre made in Bailarat last Friday in the rifle match between these two towns. Four Bailarat reporters have essayed to obtain this in formation locally, but without success. Our ex tract is from the Standard, which gives tlie result as follows : — Bailarat — Corporal Lynch, 24, 15,' 16. — 55 ; Surgeon Nicholson, 18. 14, G— 38 ; Yeteriuary- surgeon Snowball, 19, 7, 4—30 ; Sergeant Wilson, 16, 9, "2 — 27; Sergeant Purdue, 18, 6, 3 — 27. Grand total, 177. The total of the Maryborough men was published in Saturday's Conner. Tbe distances were 200, 500, and 600 yards, and the total score achieved by Maryborough 200. Bai larat therefore lost the match by 23 points. The Rev. J. Waterliouse will deliver his pro mised lecture on < Life Assurance" in the Good Templars' Hall, Sturt street this evening, at eight o'clock. The admission will be free, and it is ; added that there will be no collection.7" Mr ! Waterbonse will specially refer to the Australian Widows- Fand. r&beNshalr; will be taken by tbe mayor ia the City. _ Merars Kelly and La Fenillade'a tronpc of sable minstrels will open xhelr «' budget of fun" at tire Mechanic®' Institute - tills erening. The stay of this company will be confined to three nights. Several novelties are promised, and as this com pany is described as the "master band of the colonies," their entertainments should be well worth hearing. TYe have received a tinted plate of "The Tich- borne Trial — the Claimant in Court." which is to ' be published this week with Town and Country. The half-yearly meeting of the Bailarat Lodge. Order of St. Andrew, was held last night, and there was a large attendance. The following officers were elected for the ensuing six months : — W.Mt Br James Ballantyne; D.M., Br James King; S.W.'s, Brs Robert Esson, Thonnos Lyte, and F. M'Ke&n; Br James MNee ; J.W., Br William Munro; S.T Br Thnmas Scott; S.T., Br Thomas M'Kay ; treasurer. Br If. M'Nee (re-elected); secretary, Br J. Macfariane (re-elected); Assistant secretary, Br R. H'LeOuL The installation ceremony was conducted by P.M. Br David Ritchie, assisted by PAL's Brs Cameron and Kydd. From the' baJauce-sbeet we gather that the financial affaire of the lodge are in a flourishing state. The balance, to !? credit of the sick fund last half-year was £&7 4s, and now it has increased to £120 9s 4d. The assets ore £92 2s, as against £19 36s 6d liabilities. At a meeting of the Queen Victoria Lodge, No. 1, of the Australian Order of Templars, beid last night the following officers were elected for the en- suing quarter: — Worthy master, John W. Gray ; past master, J. T. Mocgowan ; deputy master, Josiah Bice ; secretary, James Maconocflie ; finan- cml secretary, rred. xoung; assistant secretary. Heury AUtchel ; treasurer, Robert Malcolm ; chap lain. S. T. Hall ; warden, William Benson ; guard, Fred. Mathews ; tyler, John Taylor ; musical : director, James Uren ; organist, Miss Cutter. About a dozen gentlemen, including two or three Town councillors, assembled yesterday on tlie farm at Bungaree. lately owned by Mr JDodds, of tike j Buck's Head hotel, but recently purchased by Mr Jonas, of the Earl of Zetland hotel, for a day's pigfeon shooting. The birds were plentiful and the sport obtained was good, as were also the viands and potables provided by the proprietor for the refreshment of his visitors. We have been requested to notify that Inspector ByIl has recently received a letter for a Mrs Shields, from her son in the Artillery in India. Ac the whereabouts of Mrs Shields Is not at present known to Mr Byalfl this announcement may come under her observation. Hie usual musical and literary entertainment of : the Queen Victoria. Lodge of the Australian Order of Templars was given last night, in the Templars' Halljto a large and highly-delighted audience. Tbe cfroirY so5g, " TheB a5hfnT "Man?" Mr Uren; Bong, u Driven from Home,0 Mrs Uren and com- j>any ; recitation, " Charge of the Light Brigade," Mr Hayes ; chorus, ' Awake, jEoIian Lyre," choir ; fiong. " The Friar of Orders Grey," Mr Byers ; song and chorus, " The Moon behind the ! Hill," Mr Burton and choir ; reading, " Tbe ! Mysterious Salute eoDg." " Xlie Ship on Fire," ! Mr Uren ; chorus, " Harvest Borne," choir; reci- tation, '' The Governor's Visit," Rni&«uaii - song, ; " Faddy blalone," Mr Russell ; song. 44 Love's i Bequest, w Mrs Ufeo ; operatic chorus. choir : " God save the Queen." The Age, with ail the sensationalism of a " cross -head," ' announces that several of. diphtheria have been lately cured by the use of tiie sulphurous acid remedy. Seeing that the medical fraternity use little else to combat -with tills disease, the information vouchsafed cannot be regarded as either novel or particularly instruc- It is not generally known (gossips the Geelong Advertiser) that a good substitute for the domestic - cat- may be found in one of tbe birds of the colony. Mr Jones, hair-dresser, -of this town, had a laugh- ingj3cbAS6 introduced to his aviary some months zgo. At first be hesitated whether it would be ad visable to retain tbe new occupant, whose plumage and wild aies were not particularly attractive, but a visitor fiom a remote part of the district removed his scruples hy recommending , him. if he was troubled with mice, to let the bird have the run of bis establishment. The advice was t-alrorij and in a veiy brief time both mice and rats, which pre- vionsly were very troublesome, began to disappear. Mr Jones states that on several occasions he has observed the bird — which is now quite domes- ticated — watching quietly, and then suddenly pouncing upon its prey, and that, not only does it devour live mice in a wholesale fasluon, "but also young rats. The Mining Department (writes the Telegraph) has published a geological map of Sandhurst, pre- .p&red; on the same plan as. the geological sections of the map of the colony commenced under Mr Sc-lwyn's direction-" It is 33 inches long and 20 inches wide, and embraces an area of 170 square miles. It shows that this portion of the colony consists' cf shales, sandstones, and slates. Tlie slates are what is termed grapholite, demonstrating that they belong to .the lower Silurian ape. Tbe rocks are all intersected with quartz. The auri- ferous veins are indicated by red lines : the veins not proved auriferous, black : the alluvium, pnan . the gold workings, a bright oraDge ; and the old pliocene rocks, a bright yellow. The map 1m gives a .small patch of ilie Mount Alexander granite, where the quartz terminates. The newer pliocene rocks are indicated by red dots. The map shows tbe hills and gullies, and the principal auri ferous reefs are named. It was compiled from surveys made by Mr R.A. F. Murray, under tbe superintendence of Messrs Brough Smyth aud Major Couchman : was drawn by Mr A- Evcratt, and colored by Mr R. Shepherd. A map of the geological formation of the Bailarat district is in' hand, anti -will be illustrated by U 'number 'of sec- lions showing the different flows of lava, and the various inter -collated . auriferous quartz leads. TTiis will also be compiled from surveys by Mr Murray. Issachar V- Smart and Charles P. Phillips, exe cutors in the estate . of the late Michael Jacobs, were on Monday arrested hy Detective Alexander -aud Sergeant Drought, at Sandhurst, on warrant, by order of the Attorney-General. The charges againBt them are wilful and corrupt perjury, and they will also be proceeded against for making away with the property entrusted to their keeping. Tlie third annual competitive exhibition of draw ings hy students from technological schools of design was held yesterday, in the annexe at the Melbourne Public Library. - The number of draw ings were largely in (excess of that , sent in on any prevfous occasion, and oil or nearly all the schools associated with the Technological Commission were represented. Amongst the schools repre sented (the Argas says) were the following: — .Trades Hail, Prahran, Richmond, South Richmond, . St. Hilda, Preston, Xortlicote, Sandhurst, Geelong, Bailarat. The exhibition will continue open/or a fortnight. The dwards will not be made until after the examination, which will be held on Tuesday, tlie -S tli July. Tbe prizes will be distributed at a public meeting. The following, from yesterday's Pleasant Creek Chronicle, we publish for what it is worth:—" We are informed on good authority that tlie blocks cut out of the registrar's hooks, and -alluded to by Mr W- C. hmuth in the House during last week, would not have affected in any way the suits since insti tuted for tlie possession of what are known as the jumped claims. Our informant, who vouches for thctruth of this information, and is in a position ; to know, states that these blocks were abstracted some time since.' A sensational case of " self-suspension," accom- J T.i.i«r by unlooked-for results, occurred (say s the j Talbot Leader) a few days ago not a hundred miles I fiom MCalInm's Creek. A farmer, well known for his preference for stimulants and his tender ness (?) to his wife, took it into his head to hang himself. This he effected, and had just commenced to " dangle " when the partner of his bed and board discovered his position. In the excitement con sequent upon the unexpected sight she seized hold of bis legs and pulled mm so forcibly that the rope broke, and down he MIITIP before the vital spark had regftpa to flicker. "Whether the husband or the rife tbe most cause for congratulation is a question upon which die neighbors are divided. As the subject of flogging in the schools is ex- citing some attention just now, the following from yesterday's Argus will be read with interest.:—A circular will be forwarded to State school teachers in the course of a day or two, prohibiting the in- fliction of corporal punishment on girls. It is as follows :—"The attention of the Minister of Public Instruction has been drawn to the fact that in some instances teachers have resorted to the prac- tice of inflicting corporal punishment upon girls, and I am directed to state that he considers such a practice highly improper, and that he will not per- mit it in future. I am further to state that even with boys, when in extreme cases such punishment becomes necessary, it must be inflicted by the head teacher only, and not until the termination of the school meeting.—H. VENABLES, Secretary, Educa- tion Department." Messrs James MEwan and Co. (according to the Ape) have been appointed agents in Melbourne for the sale of the patent vermin asphyxiator, disinfector, vaporiser, and universal fu irrigator. Judging from the prospectus issued and the accom- ponying credentials, this machine appears to be calculated to exterminate many of the evils winch mankind is heir to. It destroys rats, reptiles, and all venomous insects ; it disinfects hospitals, drains, and clothing ; it prevents cattle plague, and the diseases -of cattle generally ; it malm rabbits desert their burrows ; it vaporises chemical compounds, and fumigates vines and greenhouse plants. The process of extermination and fumigation consists in forcing, by the rotation of a fan, 'the fames of burning sulphnr into the holes, burrows, and haunts of the vermin, all outlets to the external air being closed. It has been ascertained by ex periment that a rat exposed to these fames is suf- located in less ih.iD one minute. One of the cariosities of tire Tana Bend Asylum is Dr Euston, an elderly gentleman, who formerly served in the Royal Navy. He is riot very mad (says the Argvs\ only just sufficiently so to justify his detention: Hi eccentricities ore that he has magnified Freemasonry into a science and a re- ligion, and is devoted to "Greek allegory." He has some skill with the bijjsh, and covers tire walls of the cottage in which he lives with cartoons Illus trative of his pet subject, and these pictures are generally shown to visitors to the asylum, who, however, find the artist more entertaining than bis works. From these visitors the doctor bos been in the habit of receiving small sums of money, and the sum thus collected "he has now put to so sensible a use that it is plain to be seen he is not mad all round the compass. Having tied up his collection of colas in a neat "bag, he sent it as a gift to the poor-box at the city court, Kith the following in- scription neatly written on a label attached, viz.: — Twenty-one ounces of silver, gathered through small tolls solicited from viators who have heard expounded the-Eustonian Cartoons (after Oriental and Greek allegories), a labor of loTe devoted ex- pressly to that charity which effects the greatest amount of good with tbe smallest means — tbe Cen tral Police Court poor-box, Melbourne." On the label there are also these mottoes : — M The aim sanctifies the means," and " Go thou and do like- wise.'" If some people not in the Yarra Bend will take the latter hint, something more may come of the Greek allegory than the poor fellow's twenty- one ounces of miscellaneous silver coins. 