True to Herself. j BY FREDERICK W. ROBINSON. \YOOLST0N-ON-THE-BROAD. CHAPTER I. . JOHN (5A.STH COMES BACK. ' BoHert Smith, waterman, who undertook the arduous task of rowing John Garth down forty five miles of the ATeny to Wolston Broad, and to the foot of the little village of Wolstonon the-Broad, Where John Garth was born and bred, had a long journey before him, but he ?went at it like a man. The bargain was struck one snmaier evening late in August, in this ?wise. Robert Smith -was Bitting in the boat, w1ais»l» orao TnnnrArl fn flip fnnf. nf .t.hfi old RttfTje steps -which lead from the bridge to the river, ?where the Aveny ?widens and the busy city of Cheatwich smiles in its waters, when John Garth descended the steps and looked at him. It was half -past seren in the evening, and the night was deepening. Robert Smith had no idea of custom at that hour ; but he was not a family man, had a dislike to tap-rooms, and the evening being fine and calm, with a moon to show presently in its second quarter, he thought that he might as well sit there as any where else and read his paper before going home to bed. As the twilight came upon him, and rendered reading to his eyes impossible, he had dozed off to sleep, and John Garth's tall figure coming1 down the steps had failed to wake him. It was only when Garth stepped suddenly into the boat and nearly tilted its owaer and himself into the river, that he clutched it the boat's side and looked at the intruder as he might have looked at a ghost. ' Well, that's pretty cool,' said the water man, after he had recovered his composure and his balance. ' Tes,' said Garth in reply, it is cool for this time of year. Can you row me across the river t» the Old Score landing stairs P' ' Of course I can. I never turn away a fare,' said Smith, who was a conceited man, aud called Old Cocky Smith by his contemporaries, — 'never throw up a job, however hard or disa greeable or late. It ain't biz'ness. ' Ton should have pot on in the world, man, ?with those ideas, and have put money by,' returned Garth. ' Hay be 1 have,' said the waterman, as he pushed off. ' Lucky fellow, was John Garth's answer. When they were in mid- stream John Garth drew a large stsed meerschaum pipe with great tenderness from the pocket of a well-worn shooting coat, The waterman watched him light his pipe and compose himself in the stern of the boat, and he woudered what he was, and whence he had come. John Garth was a man who might have ar rested the attention of m«re thoughtful folk than Robert Smith. He was a tall man, with a reddish-brown beard, and a long moustache several degress lighten than his beard, witb which it mingled, giving him at first sight a piebald aspect. He had deep-set, brown eyes, almost reddish brown were they, as if to match hie beard, and the dark shadows beneath them told of a'man who had either studied hard or lived desperately, it was doubtful which. Cer tain it was that he was a man who had seen the world, or he would have never been burnt that copper colour ; aud had met with some perilous adventures, for which a scar upon his cheek and a more formidable scar across hie right hand were the silent aud sure -witnesses. Robert Smith did not observe all this, the light was faint yet from the moon, and his passenger sat in shadow, but we sketch John Garth for the convenience of fair sailing, as the m u has a great deal to do with our story, and influences the fortunes of most of our characters. Robert Smith only saw a long limbed, big-chested man, clad in a dusty suit of gray ; and it was only by degrees that it ?truck him what a sun-scorched face it was. And when Garth took bis felt hat from his head, what a ponderous forehead it was that surmounted those shaggy eye-brows, beneath which a pair of bright, sharp eyes seemed taking stock of human nature, and estimating what its value was to him. They were nearing the Old Score landing stage on the other side ot the river, -when John Garth said, with the pipe in his mouth, and the sparks flying therefrom a fiery tail across the water, ' You never throw up a job, however hard, or disagreeable, or late, eh P Did you ever row to Wolston Broad ?' ' Once or twice in my time,' was the reply. ' It's not easy work.' ' Tou can take it easy if you like.' 'Will you take it easy, and take me ?' 'What, now?' ' Tes, mow.' ' For six shillings a day, and my keep ?' ''How long am I to keep you P' asked Garth, like a man who was careful with his money, or had not a great deal to be earef ul of. 'Two days and a half perhaps three days,' replied Smith ; ' and then there's something for getting back all that way.' 'I could walk it in one day,' said Garth : but I want to rest, and think, and take it easy, as tou say. Shall we cry, ' Done !'— no turning back, nothing to prepare for, hut off along the river at once to Wolston Broad f ' ' ? Done !' cried Robert Smith. He rowed into mid-stream, and pulled with rfc gravity and determination away from city of Ohestwich ; front the houses, factories, and wharves; from brigs and schooners, which had come «p from the sea by the way which they were taken, and would follow them again when cargoes were dischar ged or changed; from the barges moored to the piles in the river, and from the pleasure jachts whose butterfly wings had brought them up the A-eny; from the lights in the house ?windows and the river, by the darkness and hush of the peaceful country lying on either side beyond the rushes at the water's edge. John Garth loosened a knapsack from bis shoulders, took a cloak, which had been strapped on the top, and wrapped himself in it as though he were cold, and then sat smok ing and thinking profoundly whilst the boat continued its course. Robert Smith was a man partial to conversation, and would have preferred a fare that talked more and smoked less; but the man facing him was a rumina tive animal. He smoked for hours, and thought for hours — for there was no sleep in him, and the' rower could sec, as the moon rose, that the stranger's eyes were very wide open and bright and looked ahead of him, following the wind ings of the river towards the village which he was anxious to reach. ' Here's a little iun, close to the bank, in another mile,' said Smith, a*, last, -and by way of at bint that it was time to put up for the night. ' All right — that will do,' said Garth: He was like a man who had beon suddenly aroused from sleep to some consideration for the boatman. ' Do you smoke ?' he asked. ' Tes, when there's baccy in the way,' replied the man. ' I should have asked you before, but forgot you,' he a lid in half apology. He tossed a tobacco-pouch to the waterman, who rested on his oars whilst he filled a short -clay pipe, and lighted its contents. Then they -were moving through the water again, and -John Garth said, ' is there any necessity to put up at Toungman's inn ? Can't we get on to Helton ? It's a fine night, and we can take it quietly tomorrow, when the sun is upon us.' ' Just as you please, sir ; but it's late, and it's a long pull to the other shop.' ' Tes,' said the traveller, ' but time, after all, is something to me, with so little of it be fore me and so much of it gone. Here, give i : me the sc«lls, and Jet me do my share of the I work.' .''- ^ Robert Smith was not. loth to exchange places with hia fare, who strode towards him, and was quickly at his task. There was soen a marked difference in the rate of progression, and the boat cut through the water with greater life and speed. John Garth rowed well, and was stronger than the man whom he had employed. Smith smiled at his energy. 'This isn't taking it easy a bit,' said the waterman. ' To-morrow we will, -when we have passed the Tenderstone Locks, -was the reply. Smith regarded him attentively for a while and then said, ' Tou kn«w the places about here well, sir, though you've been a good sight of years away from it.' ' What should lead you to think that I have been away a good sight of years ?' was the quick inquiry. Tou said Toungman's inn, and Toungman has 'beeii. dead six years come Christmas ; and it isn't Helton's place, now. Old Mrs. Helton married the barman, and his name is on the sign-post under the Red Lion. He makes an. orful landlord, and they do say an orful hus band.' 'Serve her right,' said Garth. 'She had gray hairs when I was a boy, and ought to have knewn better.' There was a few minutes silence, after which John Garth, his thoughts having been dissipa ted, and iiis curiosity aroused, said, ' As an old stager, youshould know a great deal about these parts. What is your name ?' ' Robert Smith,' was the reply. ' Mine is John Garth. Do you remember it?' ' Can't say I do.' ' Tou don't know much of Wolaton-on-the-^ Broad, then,' said Garth, with a short laugh. ' It's out of my track,' replied Smitk, ' but there's plenty of people come from Wolston down to Chestwich, and I know them and hear ?f ethers. Pr'aps I could lighten you about gome one you'd be glad to hear of.' ' Tou might,' said Garth slowly : ' it's not very likely though.' He reflected on this matter for a while, and then said, ' Do you know Miss Garth, of Thatched House I1' ' No, I don't,' answered the man. ' I don't know much about women.' ' Have you ever heard,' said the other, with more de th of tone in his voice than he was aware, 'ofiMinnie Garth, her niece? Tou must have heard of Minnie Garth, I think.' ' I never heard of no oneof thename of Garth, at Wolston. I should say that I should have Leard if there had been anybody.' ' You're a fool to talk like that,' said John Garth, angrily, ' and you know nothing of the place. How should you, living in a dirty old city forty-five miles away, and droning out your life there ? Do you think that I am Rip Van Winkle, who has gone to sleep for twenty years, aud come back to new -worlds ?' ' Tears or no yeirsy winkles or no wrinkles ; said Smith, who was argumentative, and in clined to stand his ground ' I can't say that there's such heaps of people down at Wolston that I haven't heard their names. And Garth's a new name to me.' ' Very well.' John Garth cut short the conversation, and rowed all the more energetically for the next ten minutes, looking in the moonlight, which now fell upon his face, a fiercer and stranger man. When his pace slackened, and the sculls dipped more slowly into the water, he said to himself, though Robert Smith heard every word that was muttered forth, 'Perhaps they're both dead. Both dead, and not a memory left of cither of them. And yet, what are fifteen years P nothing. Looking back at them, just as I look back at this river — nothing. Pooh ! fifteen years indeed !' ' Haven't you heard anything of your people for fifteen years, sir :' asked Smith. ' Tea, I have heard, but not seen. I heard until ? but what business is it of yours P Can't you keep quiet P can't you leave me to myself f Am T to pay you to sit there and an noy me with your paltry curiosity p' [to be continued.] 