HBATRE ROYAL. jgx. Fnirclongh as Hamlet. „ ,.f i,,. s„ Melbourne, somehow como forded « tbo great tost of an actor's thatis, a legitimate notor— to please BbilllXr, ?„n andienco. If ho okn but play S aatisfactcrily, a world of faults in -J- nieces if not forgiven, are at least in- Stoutly regarded for the sake of the merits ( hfs representation of the sombre prince. It i, hardly surprising, therefore, that nearly nil 1\. selcot Hamlot as the oharaoter in which to make their first appearance, and it is not .nriaimr that Mr. Fairolough, who has hat Hist arrived in the colony, should observo tho time-honored custom. But, although not surprising, the wisdom of tho oourae may bo Suctioned. Wisdom or no wisdom, however, Mr Fairolough has adopted the example of his nrodoccssors, and nothing remains bnt to roviow his performanoe. Beginning at the snd if snch a course can bo exonsed, it may he oromieed that Mr. Fairolough, last night, neither failod ignobly, nor did ho aohieve nn nnafloyod suocess. His Hamlet has Borne original points, but they aro not numerous, nor aro they broadly distinctive. After Montgomery the reading does not come with much freshness, whilo'it must be added that, oa Mr Fairolough seems to read Hamlet from tho point, or very nearljr the point, that Mr. Montgomery did, there is very little in the performanoe that can be pronounced une quivocally grand or thoroughly effeotive. This, eel' because the roadiug is a mistake— on the contrary, wo regard it as the correct ono, and certainly it is poetic — hut because Mr. Fairolough faile at ilea ly all times to attain that peculiar soltnoss of tone whioh was bo effeotive in Mr.' Montcomcry's Hamlet. There are, no doubt, sever il reason) for this, which the actor may regard as a misfortune, bub which cannot bcasoribcdto him as a fault, la the first place ho, it is most painfully evi dent, lnoks that robust physique noofesary to Sustain him through the ordeal of such a play, especially whou appearing boforo a ' strango audieuoe. At first this is hardly noticoablo, but before two aots ara over, it is plain that it requires a severe bodily exertion to carry Mr: Fairolough through this play. A tiother mieforl line ie to bo found In tho aotor's voice. It is strangely uneven and wants flexibility. From this cause many passage, delivered with evident intel ligence, are marred. Against these short comings may be plncod a face full of expres sion and evidently thorongbly under sub mission, a most certain careful stilly of the text, an intelligent interpretation of it some ikw readings that are poetic, and also sometimes not only reasonable but effective, a fair enunciation, and a de cided apprcoint'on of what can ho done by tho aid of elocution, n'though this last is rendered some vhat abenive by the uneveness of; and want of control over, the voice. Mr. Fairolough, in fact, is better than some actors who have essayed Hamlet on the Melbourno stage, and is a long way inferior to others, although that inferiority arises in a great measure from natural defects, which are to be regretted where so mnoh intelligence is' frrquontly observable. To parlionlarise Mr. Fairclough's best passages in tho play iB net difficult. Undeniably they are to bo found in the ghost soene, the soeno with Bosoncrantz and" Gnildenstein, and what is known as the olosst soene. His worst scenes are equally nndeniably those with Ophelia and tho play scene. In the ghost scene tho assumption of prostration ou tho departure ot the dead father's spirit is admirably well managed, and the closet scene enables Mr. Fairolough to introduce some readings whioh aro now to ns, and mnst be admitted to be not only ingenious, bnt harmonious and satisfactory. Tho " business" introduced in other parts of the play might be omitted advantageously, as it does not add to the goneral effectiveness. Mr. Fairolough received, however, a most hearty wcloome, and was called before the curtain at the end of each act, although until ho .had spoken a few sentences there was a general feeling of intense disappoint man, fur somo momonta elapeed before he appeared to settle down to his task, and the first few sentences were spoken with a dull, heavy intonation that was simply abominable. Mdlle. Eugenie Legrand, who appeared us Ophelia, has nothing in her favor whatever excepting a good figure, youth, and an interesting face. Unless she was last evening Buffering from nervousness so intenso as to bo ntteriy inexplicable in one who has appeared even a score of times on the stage, she should never again attempt Ophelia. Mrs. Steele, as the Queen, re ceived quite an ovation on her first advent, and played with oapitaleifdot Mr. Ireland undertook tho part of the Ring, and was satisfactory. Mr. . Harwood made a good ghost, and Mr. Monro was a very fa:r Horatio; but neither Mr. Appleton as Laertes, nor Mr. O'Brien as Folonius, were equal to the qocaston. In both instances mora study would bo desirable. Mr. Fairclough's second performance will be looked for with interest. 