THE FIRST MARQUIS OF NORMANBY. SHEFFIELD, so named in Johnson's "Lives of the Most Eminent English Poets," and best known by his inherited title of Earl of Mulgrave under which most of his poetry was published, bore a more or less active part as a public man in not less than five reigns—those of Charles 11., James 11., William and Mary, Anne, and George I. Born in 1691, soon after the execu tion of Charles 1., he lived till February, 1721, seven years after the accession of George I. King William gave him the title of Marquis of Normanby in 1694, and Queen Anne in 1703 made him Duke of Buckinghamshire. He is frequently called Buckingham, but the title of Buckinghamshire was chosen because there was fear of a latent claim to that of Buckingham ; and it is well to maintain a distinction between the two ducal poets, John Sheffield and George Yilliers. The awards of eminence entitling to admis sion into Johnson's gallery of eminent poets were made not by Johnson, but by the publishers who retained him to write biography. He has not exalted Sheffield into eminence as a poet; but the collection contains many poets who are not superior to him, and many who are his in feriors. Lord Macaulay, who disliked Sheffield as a Tory, has unjustly depreciated his poetry, and harshly depicted his character. But he allows him to have been distinguished by fine parts, and describes him as "in Parliamentry eloquence inferior to scarcely any orator of his time." This eulojium is chiefly founded on the testimony of Hurnet, who describes Mulgrave as displaying, in a hot debate in the Houso of Lords, in the reign of William and Mary, a force of argument and eloquence beyond anything he had ever heard in that assembly. His oratory was set off by a fine person and commanding presence. As a poet he was a writer of odes, elegiacs, amatory poems, and didactic essays, which entitle him to rank, at least with Denham and Waller, and far above Sprat, Duke, Fenton^ Yaldcn, and many others who swell the collec tion of " most eminent English Poets." 11 Mulgrave wrote verses," says Macaulay, "which scarcely ever rose above absolute mediocrity; but as he was a man of high note in the political and fashionable world, these verses found admirers." A not dissimilar judgment might be passed by many on the poetry of Samuel Rogers, a wealthy banker with a footing in society and in great Whig houses, whom social entanglements and conveniences would have prevented Lord Macaulay from freely criticising. Mulgrave, amid the distrac tions of fashionable dissipation and of political life, studiously cultivated literary tastes and accomplishments, and his poetry shows refined scholarship and ingenious thought. His two chief poetical performances are his E«ay on Satire and his Essay on Poetry. Tbe first waj written in 1675, but did not see the light till 1679, when it was anonymously circulated in manu script ; and Dryden, having the credit of the authorship, got a cudgelling for lampoons of whioh he was entirely innocent. The Essay on Poetry was published anonymously in 1632. Both essays underwent, during a long life, many and great revisions— multa dits et multa litura coercuit. If Horace's precepts are to be ad mired, neither Mulgrave nor any one else should be scoffed at for following them; the last editions of both poem* differ gr.atly from (he first. Both poems contan many lines which remain in the memory and recur for quotation —a practical test of poetical merit. Tlie interior occupations of a states man lately dwelt on by the Duke of Somersot, are here skilfully told in in a word, in summing up the busy cures of the weak-bodied, eager-minded Shafresbury :— Yet this vain comfort in hia mind he keeps, HU soul is soaring while his >>odr creeps. Alas ! that soaring to thoao few who know Is but a busy fluttering here below. The last line of the following passage is a favorite quotation :— Beject that vulgar error (which appears 8o fair) of making perfect characters; There's no suoh > hing in nature, and you'll draw A faultless monster which the world ne'er saw. Pope paid Mnlgrave the compliment of ap plying to himself one of his effective fines in the JBssay on Poetry :— Bach was the Yum, whose roles and practice tall, "Katun's chief masterpiece U writing well." Mulgrave's father, Edmund, a peer of no mark, had been a Councillor of State under Cromwell. John succeeded to the title in 1668 at the age of nine. At seventeen he served as a volunteer in the first year of the great Dutch war, on board the ship which carried the two admirals, Prince Rupert and the Duke of Albe marie. He was again a naval volunteer when the second Dutch war broke out in 1672. HU valor was rewarded by an early appointment to the command of a fine ship, the Royal Katharine. In 1673 he raised a regiment of foot, and re* turned to the fleet in command of it as colonel. A permanent regiment was afterwards given to him, and he remained with the command of a regi ment after the peace. He received the Garter, and was made a Gentleman of the Bed-chamber. These honors had been heaped on him before he completed bis twenty-sixth year. Now he turned to poetry, and established a life-long intimacy with Dryden. He endeavored to persuade the King to improve Dryden's fortunes, so as to give him ease and leisure for the composition of a great epic ; the penury of extragavance mad the King's laziness probably thwarted this design. In 1679 Mulgrave put into circulation his Essay on Satire, in which the King was sourriouBly spoken of. He kept the authozship a secret but the suspicion freely fell on him and on Dryden a'so. It is extremly improbable that Dryden had anything to do with this sitire. But he was beaten on suspicion of it by ruffians hired by the Earl Rocheser or the Duchess of Portsmouth; "praised and punished for an other's rhymes," as Mulgrave wrote, a few years after, in hU Essay on Poetry. Yetthirty-fiveyears later, Mulgrave annotated this line of the Essay on Poetry with a solemn statement that Dryden was "not only innocent, but ignorant of the whole matter." Mulgrave and Dryden were really associated the year after in a translation of Ovid { and the courtly poet-laureate was in ecstasy at the noble rank of his coadjutor :— How will sweet Ovid's ghost be pleased to hear His fame augmented by a, British peer! How he embellishes his Helen's loves. Outdoes his softness and his sense improves! In 1680 Mulgrave commanded an expedition, with two thousand men, to defend Tangiers against the Moors. A circumstantial story is told of his having been sent on board a leaky and unseaworthy ship, the Admiralty pretending that they could give him no better one, while Mulgrave made it a point of honor not to refuse to go in any ship that was assigned to him. The King's natural son, Charles, Earl of Plymouth, volunteered to acoompay him in his danger. The King's displeasure with him is mentioned as the cause of the bad turn done to Mulgrave. Fine weather carried him safely through the voyage, but it was found necessary to pump the ship the whole way. Mulgrave abstained during tae voyage from proposing the King's health at table, and on his being reminded of it, he replied that he must first get out of his rotten ship before be could make that health go merrily round. Buch revenge as this was cowardly; but there had been indeed enough in Mulgrave's Essay on Batire, circulated the year before, to wound deeply the King's feelings and to provoke his resentment. There was also a story—repeated by Macaulay—that Mulgrave had given offence to Charles by aspiring to the hand of his niece, the Princess Anne. Charles in a fit of ill humor may have counted this presumption; bat the Princess's father, James, was the constant friend of Mulgrare, and the Princess Anne, when she became Queen, showed pleasure in favoring and in honoring the admirer of her youth. She made him Lord Privy Seal; she made him a Duke; she made him Lord Steward of the Household; she made him Lord President of the Council) see wanted to make him Lord Chancellor. During the reign of Charles, Mulgrave held no political office, and during no part of his oareer did he lay himself out for laborious statesmanship. He was a keen politician, with* out being a slave of politics. His great wealth and dignified accomplishments marked him out for offices of State and ornament; and in the reigns of James, of William, and of Anne, he was successfully Lord Chamberlain, Lord Privy Seal, Lord Steward, and Lord President of the Council, in Tory adminatra'ions. He was a Tory. He wrote a reply to Halifax's " Character of a Trimmer," which he called " The Character of a Tory." He was devoted to the Duke of York before he ascended the Throne, and im mediately after the accession of James he was made a Privy Councillor, and soon after Lord Chamberlain. He did not care one way or the other about Popery, but he stood by the sovereign under whom, as Admiral, be had early served at sea. Dryden marshals him in the great Exclusion struggles as a prominent champion of the legitimate succession :— Sharp-judging Adriel, the Vases' Mead, Himself a Muse: in Banhedrin's debate True to bis Prince, but not a slave of State. Lord Macaulay again does injustice to Mul grave by representing him as stimulating Roman Catholic convictions, when James became King, and when he was made Lord Chamberlain and a member of the Ecelemetioal Commission He had no disguise; he avowed himself a Free Thinker. He openly ridiculed transubstantia tion, telling the priests who tried to convert him that he was willing to be taught, and had tried hard to believe in God who made the world and man, but that it would not be easy to persuade him that man was quits, and made God again. Political meanness and abject hypocrisy—these are Lord Macaulay's accusations—were no part of Mv grave's oharacter, whatever might have been his faults. He had lampooned Charles 11. and had met with spirit affront and injury from that King. He disapproved of James' latter measures, and freely remonstrated with him. When all was over and not before, when James had fled to France, he took part in the councils of the established Revolution. Some years after King William informed him that there had been a talk of asking him to join in the first invitation to him to come ower, but that Shrewsbury had discouraged the attempt by saying that he wouid never concur ; and the King then proceeded to ask him what he would have done if he had been invited. " Sir," replied Mulgrare, " I would have discovered it to the King whom I then served." This was not a mean hypocrite. In the year 1694 William, finding that the Tory Mulgrave had given an independent and effective support to the Treason Bill and the Triennial Bill, and wishing to redress the balance in his counsels as between Whig and Tory, disturbed by the substitution of the Whig Shrewsbury for the Tory Nottingham, as Secretary of State, made important overtures to Mulgrave. He offered to mi.ke him a Marquis, to give him a pension of £3000 a year, and to appoint him a member of the Cabinet Gouooil, by a special exception, without office. These offers were accepted; Mulgrave was made Marquis of Normauby, the pension was granted, but Norm an by was not called to the meetings of tbe Cabinet. Then. Normanby wrote a very spirited letter to the King, which is full of interest also, as showing how far the Cabinet, which had an informal beginning at the Restora tion, had now assumed form and definiteness. We learn from Lord Normanby's letter dated July 19,1694, that it had been arranged that the Lord Keeper (Lord Somers), the Lord President (Marquis of Carmarthen, better known as Danby, and now created Duke of L:eds), the Lord Privy Seal (Earl of Pembroke). and the two Secretaries of State (Sir John Trenchard and the Earl of Shrewsbury), should meet constantly in Cabinet, and that lord Nor manby should join them. The letter states that in Charles ll.'s reign .Lord Anglesea, who hud been Lord Privy Seal from 1673 to 1683, had been always excluded, and farther that the White Staffs were not> to be excluded from Cabinet meetings. These would probably be Lord Godolphin, First Commissioner of the Treasury, as rcpresentin < the Lord Treasurer, the Earl of Devonshire, Lord Steward, Lord Newport, Treasurer, and Thomas Wharton, Comptroller of tho Household. In the Cabinet to which Normanby was to be specially added, Carmarthen was the only Tory, and William's plan of a Ministry had been till now one equally composed of both parties. Nornianby'a spirited, not to say indignant, re monstrance brought the King to the fulfilment of his promise. Some passages of his letter deserve quotation, for this is a man whom Lard Macaulay has described as mean and abject: — " I beg your Majesty's pardon onoe more for troubling you upon so trifling a subject as my- lit, though I must own a sacred prosmiee from a King is of no ssaall important*. But the occasion of my approaching your Majesty •gain this way, after I found myself obliged to take my leave humbly for ever, w a discourse I had the honor to have with the Queen yesterday, by which I find all my just grievances capable of being redressed on one word from your Majesty, that I should meet with the Keeper, Presi dent, Privy Seal, and Secretaries when they are asssmbled . . . It is a real Cabinet without the name, nay, called so generally now, and there was no other in all the late King's time. . • Your Majesty is and ought to be master, to use me as you please ; but I beg leave to say, with all due submission, that this usuace, if continued, is not only below so great a King to imposa, after all assuranoes to the contrary, by which I wss brought to the Council, because I depended on them i but it is even below me, the meanest of your subjects, to acquiesce in further than patience and my duty oblige me." The letter was published by Sir John Dalrymple from King William's box. Appendix to " Memoirs," Part 11., p. 243). The appeal obtained immediate redress for Lord Normanby. It is strange that Lord Maeaulay should have been ignorant ot this letter, v> creditable to Normanby and from a constitutional point of view so interesting. He simply says that Nor* manby "was named a Cabinet Councillor, but never consulted." When Anne succeeded to the Throne, Marl borough and Godolphin formed a Tory adminis tration to please her, and the Marquis of Nor manby, both as a Tory and a personal favorite of the Queen, was selected to be the Lord Privy Seal. A few years after, in 1705, Marlborough and Godolphin veered to the Whigs; and Nor manby, now made Duke of Buckinghamshire by the Queen's favor, was removed from office. The Queen struggled against his removal. She even solicited him, but in vain, to remain by her side as Lord Chancellor ; thirty years and not more had passed since a layman, Sbaftes bury, had held the Great Seal, and it had since, in the reign of James 11., been pressed by Anne's father on Arthur Annesley, Karl of Anglesey. The Duke of Buckinghamshire resumed office in 1710, as Xord Steward, when the Whigs fell before Harley. On the death of Laurence Hyde, Earl of Bochester, in tbe following year, Buckinghamshire succeeded as Lord President of the Council. The death of Queen Anne and the accession of George I. brought the Whigs into monopoly of power, and Buckinghamshire ceased to hold office. He was an opponent of the Court during the remainder of his life. He died in February 1721, in the seventy-second year of hi* age. He has left some occasional pieces in prose, including three fragments of historical memoirs, and Johnson gives more praise to his prose than to his poetry. "His verses,' says Johnson, " are often insipid, but his memoirs are lively and agreeable) he had the perspicuity and eleganoe of an historian, but not the fire and fancy of a poet." His authorship, whether in prose or poetry, was not more than an amuse ment, and neither kind possesses vigor. His taste was refined, and his judgment cultivated. Lord Maeaulay has blackened his character, giving a ready ear to the malevolence of Maokay and Swift, who are not trustworthy guides. Covetousness is a chief reproach of Maeaulay against him, a reproaoh resting on undignified tittle-tattle. It is known as a fact that he was bountiful through Hfe to his friend Dry den, and that, when his political rival, the Duke of New castle, had failed to fulfil a voluntary and oaten tious promise to erect a monument to Dryd»n in Westminster Abbey, Buckinghamshire came forward and did it. To Buckinghamshire Dry den had dedicated his JEneid. Dryden had styled him M tbe Muse's friend, himself a Muss." Such praise of one noted for oovetousness would have been ridiculous. Libertinism is another reproaoh; Buckinghamshire did not conceal it. He had several natural children, and ac knowledged them. Some of Lord Maoaulay's heroes were at least equal sinners in this respect. In an elaborate will, which is printed in his works, and which is almost a literary oompcsi< tioo, Buokinghamshiie provided with sorupulous care for his widow, his legitimate children, and those who were illegitimate; and under its provisions, by the failure of bis legitimate line in 1735, all his property went among his natural children. He had been married three times, and to three widows. He had children only by his third wife. "He has been often heard to say, since he had legitimate children," writes a family biographer," that he wished he never had the others, or at least had not owned them, it being in private families an ill example." Authors of celebrity have joined in praises which, with every allowance for flattery of rank, necessitate an estimate of Buckinghamshire, as • man of letters, considerably higher than Maoaulay's. In old age, and finally retired from office, Buckinghamshire wrote a few lines in praise of Pope's Iliad immediately after its publication. Pope full of joy, replied:— Xnse, 'Us enough: at length thy labor ends. And thon shalt live, for Buckingham commends; Sheffield approves, consenting Phoebus bends, And I and Malice from this hour are Mentis. Prior, too, valued highly his praises :— Hippy the poet, blest the lays Which Buckingham has deigned to praise. Lord Boscommon, a contemporary noble poet, whose Essay on Translated Verse is named by Addison as one of three master pieces of their kind—the other two being Buckinghamshire's Essay on Poetry, and Pope's Essay on Criticism —thus referred to the Essay on Poetry:— Happy that author whose correct Enay Bepalra so well our old Horatian way. This is a uease in which Lord Maeaulay has not been just or well informed. Tbe Duke of Buckinghamshire's widow, his third wife, was a natural daughter of James 11. by Catharine Sedley. Count jm of Dorchester, and had been previously married to the Earl of Anglesey, by whom she had a daughter. Lady Catharine Anneslev. This daughter, while the Duke of Buckinghamshire was living, married the son of Sir Constantino Phipps, Irish Lord Chancellor; and her son Constantine Phipps was made an Iri?h Baron, with the title, taken from her stepfather, of Lord Mulgrave. An English earldom followed in the family. The late Marquis of Narmanby,.born second Earl of Mulgrave, and made a marquis in Lord Mel bourne's Administration, was, like the Duke of Buckinghamshire—some of whose titles re-ap peared in him, but whose blood was not in his veins—an author, olever, but not eminent, and the holder of many high publio offices without superlative distinction.— Saturday Review, A Graoxct paper says:—"Senior-constable Hayes, of Bokewood, has just sueoessfully per formed one of the moat arduous tasks that has ever fallen to the lot of a member of the Vio torian Police Force. After a ride on horseback, rail, and coach, over plains, rivers, and hill*, extending, it is computed, over 1000 miles of territory, and performed within the past ten days, he has captured an offender who has been wanted for upwards of fourteen years. It ap pears that in 1859 a highway robbery under arms was committed at Fiery Greek. The offender having taken £8 from a miner, left his swag behind him, from the contents of which it was ascertained that his name was Josiah Robe, the son of a watchmaker, at one time carrying on business in Mel* bourne. Ten days ago Senior-constable Hayes was at the Terricks, when he heard of a person answering the description of the highwayman being in the Murray district. He at once started in pursuit, but found considerable diffi culty in tracking Robe, on account of the various aliases he had assumed. He proceeded first to Echuca, theuce to Mount Hope, Hamilton, Hoywood, and finally found the individual of whom he was in quest at Taylor's Forest, near Portland, on the borders of South Australia. Robe, who had adopted the names of Alfred Jones and Edward Jones, was arrested and take i to Hamilton, when he was brought before the Bench and remanded to Geelong. The prosecutor has also been found, and it is pro bable that the prisoner, who has arrived at the gaol here, will be brought up at the police court in the course of a day or two." In our issue of the 6th September (says the Bathurst Free Press) we mentioned that the sentence of two years' imprisonment passed upon Denis Murphy for shooting at a party of "tin kettiers," had been commuted to six months' imprisonment. Since that time the Executive have reconsidered the subject and ordered Murphy's immediate release from prison. He was accordingly set at liberty last week, having served three months in gaol. 