THE POSTAL SERVICES. There can bo 110 doubt that Victoria has now tbc ball at her foot with regard to the arrangements for postal communication with tho older world. In accepting the latest proposal of Earl Kimberloy, she will, as a matter of course, decido on adopting tho Suez route. With her will bo Western Australia, South Australia, and Tasmania. U depends on what Now South Wales deter mines 011 doing, which route will receive the support of Queensland. New Zealand will, most probably, choose tho service by way of San F rancisco, and in this the chances are she will bo joined by Now South Walos. As to tho third service by way of Torres Straits and Singapore, tho colony that will regard it with most favor will bo Queensland, and it remains to bo booh whether Now South Wales will doom it worth- hor whilo to co operate with her: but whatovor is decided upon in Sydney, will undoubtedly bo agreed to in Brisbane, and it is likely that the San Francisco routo will bo doomed tho inoro acceptablo by tho former, on account of tho assistance that will bo given by Now; Zea land. It is posaib'.o, howovor, that the ques tion of terminus may intorfero with a satis factory arrangement between tho last- named colony and New South Wales. As Victoria will, of course, insist on {Mel bourne being the terminus of tho Suez line, and as it will bo to tlio interest of Tasmania ami the colonies to tho westward to join in that scrvice, New South Wales will find "a substantial majority" practically against hor in her desire to make Sydney tho terminal port, and she will now, therefore, most likely turn hor back altogether on tho servico by way of Galle, and is almost suro to adopt 0110 of tho two other routes. Sho will tako that in which she can liavo her own way as to tho dual destination of the steamers, and in that respect 110 dilliculties will present theinsolvcs in tho Torres Straits lino. Thero is some chance then, tliufc all threo services, namely via Giillo, San Francisco, and Singapore, will bo entered upon; for Now Zealand will hardly give up tlio Pacific route, in favor of oithorof those to India, and it would servo all tlio colonies to arrange with her for branch mails. Whatever complications or difficulties may: arise through the envy and jealousy of Now South Wales, this colony is, at all ovonts, now secure with regard to the Suez servico, in which she is principally interested. Tins is a mattor for sincere congratulation, seeing that sho had been placed in sotno perplexity by the extraordinary proceedings of New South Wales, and by tlio soccssiou of Tas mania and South Australia from tlio ar rangement in which tlioy hail concurred at tho Intercolonial Conforenco. Those two colonies will now have to eat humble pic, or do without tho advantages of postal communication by the way of Gallo. Certainly, it is open to Sydney to contract for a service by that route, but it is hardly likely she will bo ablo to persaado those other colonies to join her; and they, know ing well what is, best for themselves, will of course swallow the look with what stomach they may, as tlioy can ill afford to sacrifice their interests to their dignity. No doubt the adoption of tho various routes, and the arrangements between tlio colonics, will givo rise to a good deal of discussion, but Vic toria seems to havo 0110 clear courso before hor, which will bo to accopt tliu proposal in rotation to the Suez lino, and to call for ton dors forthwith for the servico, establishing Melbourne as tho terminus. Tho rest of the group can then make the best .arrangements they can; and whatovor thoy determine on they ought all to bo thankful for tho oilers made by tho homo GoTornment, which havo given tliem so wide an option. It is cortain, however, thero will bo murmurs loud and deep from tho chafed shores of Port Jack son. Titles to Mining Tenements.—Wo understand that a momorial is being preparod by a number of the claimholdurs of Sand hurst, for presentation to the Govornmont, in reference to the important question of mining titles. It is intoudod, also, that .in influential deputation should proceed to Melbourno on Thursday, for the purpose of waiting on iho hons. tlio Attorney-General and the Minister of Minos 011 the subject. Votino fok Members of Board.-; of Advice.—Mr. II. Truniblo, tho mayor of Jiiaglehawk, and returning officer for that school district, has sent us tho following lottol' for publication, which ho has recoivcd from tho Secretary of Educatiou:—"Edu cation Department, 22nd Mny, 1873. —Boards of Advice.—Sir,—Referring to yourlottor of the 20th instant, in which you .enquire whether ratepayers when voting for the elec tion of Board of Advico are entitled to record tho same number of votos as they are entitled to at all elections for tho Borough Council, I bog to inform you that in voting for tho election of Boards of Advice, rate payers can only record one voto. Henry VenjlIiles, Secretary Education Depart ment. " The Late Meteou.—Tlio motoor which was seen in Sandhurst on Sunday ovoning, was observed in all parts of tho colony, as wo lind it noticed in all our oxchangos. At Ballarat, Gceloug, Castlemaiuo, aud other places, it presented almost tho exact appear ance it did hero, Tub Great Britain.—Wo aro glad to notice that this favorito boat lias again put in an appcaraueo hero, and still maintaius her character for speed, having accomplished tho passage iu 57 days. News of her arrival was telegraphed yesterday morning to Mr. Henry Jones, of View Point, tho local agent. As slio is likely to return a full ship, intend ing pasaongers will rerjuiro to book early, so as to secure good berths. We hear that several families have engaged passages already at tho local office; aud as return tickets are now issued at very reasonable rates, a fine opportunity is thus afforded for a short trip to the old country. Tun Late Scene at .the Court or Mines.—Wo lcam that Constable Law rence who committed himself the other clay in the Court of Mines lias been suspended 1 from duty for three months, his pay of course bcint; stopped during the period. IxsoiiYKNcv Count, Sandhurst.—2Gth May, before Mr. Hombuekle, Chief Clerk. A general meeting was held in the estate of Samuel Prisk, of Sandhurst, draper's assis tant. Debts to the amount of LG81 Os lid. were proved. Mr. Lyell Symme Christie, of Ballarat, was appointed a trnsteo at a remuneration of L5 per cent, on the gross assets of the estate. The meeting closed. Warden's Court.-—List of cases for the 27tli May. Plaint No. 153, P. Smith v. T. T. Bartiie; 40, A. Bray v. J. W. Croft; 41, Robert I. Gordon v. J. Da vies: 42. .T- D.-irov v. Robert I. Gordon. Application No. 3,177, R. 1). Fletcher; 3,1%, J. Lang; 3,200, A. G. Miller; 3,203, J. P&vk; 3,20-i, \V. G. lilackham. Reserve No. 13, J. C. M'Caus huid; 10, W. Miller; 18, T. D. N orris; 19, G. Snow; J. Edwanls, inquiry as to ful filment of lease covenants No. 2,009. Eclipse of the Suir.—A partial eclipse of tho sun took place yesterday morning, which was not visible in Australia. The Early Closing Association.— "The Women of Tragedy" is tlie subject of a lee turo to be doliverod by the Rev. W. Kelly, in the St. James's Hall, on Monday evening next, for the benefit of the Early Closing Association. DEPARTURE OF THE FIRE BRIGADES.- Yes- terday morning the Sandhurst Fire Brigades took their departure for Melbourne; to take part in tho grand review of.tho brigades of the colony. At about cloven o'ulpyk City and the Temperance Brigades, mar- shalled by Mr. Superintendent Connelly, startod from tho City Brigade's depot, Market Square, headed by Hallas's splendid band; it. proceeded down Bull-street and through Pall Mall, and then marched up Mit choll-strcet to tlio railway station. Hallas's Band numbered 43; City Brigade, '12; Temperance .Brigade, 30. It appears that tho arrangement arrived at at tho meeting <>f oflicers, hold on Saturdaj' ovemng, tnat tne City Brigado'should occupy tlio first position in the procession, was not approved of by the members of the Volunteer Brigadt, No. 1,' who consilium! that, being tho oldest estab lished, they had tho right to tho lioad posi tion; thoy therefore resolved not to take part in tho proccssion, but. to niareh to tho station by themsolves. Accordingly, shortly after olovon o'clock, t.lioy left tho M'Orao street dopot, numboring 28, marshalled by Captain Kennedy, and arrived at tho station, wlienco tho threo brigades loft by tho mid day train for the scene of operations in tho metropolis. Tho appoaranco of all tho fire mon was highly creditable; tlioy marched in oxcellont ordor, and appcarod to bo well disciplined and trainod for tho occasion. A Dead Child Found in a Oanulf, box.—On Sunday afternoon Joseph Brennati, son of tho soxton at tho Whito Hills Cometory, found a candlo-box sunk a fow inches in the earth, and partly covered with clay and leaves, insido the cemetery fonco, within twenty yards of tho stllo and 100 yards from any grave. Oa opening tho box ho found tho doad body of a child in it, and ran olF and told his fathor, who came and took the box up and examined its con tents, which ho found to bo tho remains of a child wrapped ill a portion of a woman's potticoat, covered with blood. Ail inquost was held by tho district coroner yestorday on tho body, and the facts stated wore clicited. Dr. Ckoyne also gave cvidonce that ho had mado a post mortem examinatian of tho body, which was in a decomposed state. It was that of a female child six or seven months old, and had been born about five days. Tho lungs contained no air. Thero wero no marks of Violence ; it was stillborn. Tho jury gavo a verdict that it was tho body of a child unknown and im properly buried. To-morrow's Steeplechase Meeting.— Tho Annual Stooplechaso Mooting of tho Beudico Jockev Club, which had to bo post ponod from Saturday owing to the misorablo state of tho weather, is to take place to morrow. The weather yesterday was de lightful and all that could bo desired; aiul if it be as fino on Wednesday, tlie stewards will not have nnich causo to regret the postpone ment. At all ovents, every preparation is being mado for tlio races, and it is to be hoped nothing will occur to militate against their success. • .The stewards notify by ad vertisement that the only entrance to tho courso will be .by tho gato, near the Turf Tavern, and the public are requested to take particular notice of this, as tho cround is ploughed in tho locality of oilier entrances. Tho railway department will run special trains to and from the course at internals, and the fares being modorato 110 doubt that mode of travelling will bo extensively patronised as well as tlie cabs and omnibuses. Tho Omnibus Company notify that they will convoy passengers to the course at Is. each. The settling over the Hunt Club meeting passed ' oil' satisfactorily at tho metropolis yesterday. For the Bendigo events (to bo run to-morrow) double-event books were opened on the Hurdle and Steeple, tho price ranging from LI 00 to 5 to 10, tho favorite picks being Bismarck wit.h Prior and Brownie. Mr. A. Joseph sends us the follow ing as the latest betting :—Hurdle Race—(i to 4 on the field. Stoeplechase—7 to 2 Prior (tk), 7 to 2 Brownie, 4 to 1 Horizon, 6 to 1 Bismarck, 7 to 1 Adonis, 7 to 1 Bab bler, 5 to 1 Dutchman, 5 to 1 Baldy, 6 to 1 Brown Cat, 7 to 1 Benecia Boy. 50 to 1 to 3, double (if not laid). By telegram wo learn that the Victorian horse—old Nimblofoot— carried off tho Governor's Cup at the Adelaide May meeting. Tho Ace was third. Fikk in Bridqe-stkeet.—On Sunday night a (ire occurred in Conroy's Hotel, in a bodroom occupied by Mr Conroy, Tho can so is supposed to luivo boon the bed curtain catch ing tire from a candle. With groat difficulty a child, three years of ago, was saved from being burnt in the bod. The building and promises wore insured in Sydnoy Insurance Company for LGOO, and the estimated loss by ii 10 is about L13. This Weather.—Yesterday was a beauti ful day, and it would have boen very ploasant out of doors were not the streets in an almoBt impassable state from the late rains. The sky was cloudless when wo went to press. Tho thormometer registered in tho shade at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s. Pull Mull. as follows:—Nino a.m., 52°; noon, 72°; 3 p.m., 71°; G p.m., 53°; maximum, 74°; minimum, 47°. Barometer—9 a.m., 29-400; C p.m., 29*400. Proposed Fihe Brigade in Long Gult.y. —A meeting of gentlemen, favorable to the formation of a Fire Brigade at Long Gully is to bo liold in the Long Gully Mechanics' Institute, on Wednesday evening, at eight o'clock. Checkmated.—On Friday afternoon the Great Extended Hustler's Tribute struck stone, in sinking their shaft. A great rise in the price of the ahares immediately en sued; on that evening they were placed, long after business hours, at 63s: the next day, being a public holiday, tho telegraph oflico was closed,.and in the moanfcimo " tho, Pnps" had fallen considerably; at' twelve o'clock they wore still falling. Two gentle men of tho Verandah thought that under these circumstances a "good thing" might be done by a trip to Melbourne, with which city telegraph communication was stopped. They therefore proceeded by tho noon train to tho metropolis, and when they had taken their Boats in tho carriage, a "mysterious stranger," who appoared to be suffering fropi tho prevailing opidomio, so muffled up was ho, was observed in the samo compartment. Ho was critically oxamincd by tho two travellers, but.both agreed that ho was no Sandhurst Beehive mail, and this conclusion being determined on, both felt relieved from all anxiety.. ■ The " stranger" observed a Ballon demeanor r.U the way to Melbourne, and did not even get out to " refresh," al though invited to do so by our friends of the " I311 pa". Arriving at Floniington, the train stopped and the "mysterious" made a bolt clean away, to the utter consternation of his associates. Ho was observed to get into a cab, and that was the last that was soon of him—until yesterday, when ho reappeared in his usual haunt Under tho Verandah. Ho, too, had gone down to town to sell " Pups"—and he went to tho Melbourne racecourse, to sell them there, as ho knew that there the Melbourne brokers were to be found. He sold all ho had to sell at several shillings in advance of the market price then current in Sandhurst, and when ho had quietly got rid of the lot, lie announced the awful fact—" Pups were tumbling down in Sandhurst—when ho loft at twelve o'clock they were offered at 43s!" The two other speculators went on to Melbourne, and wont straight to the Melbonrno Verandah. When they got there, there was not the ghost of'a human .being about, and: by the time tho peoplo returned to town from the races, the murder was out. That smart young man from Sandhurst, who wa3 no other than the mysterious invalid of the railway carriage, and a well known broker, had spoilt the "little game" after selling Ilia own'shares, aiul had eilbctually checkmated, the wide awake travellers from the Mall to Melbourne. Victorian IIailw.vys.—Returns of traffic for the week ending 22ml May, 1873 : — Passengers, 1873, 21,-195; 1872, 18,-182. Pas sengers, parouls, horses, carriages, dogs, and mails, 1873, L4.043 5s 2d; 1872, L4.507 15s lOd. Merchandi so, minerals, and cattle, 1873, L8,22ft IGs Gd; 1872, LO,485 13s lOd. Total for this week, 1873, H2/273 Is 8d; 1872, L10,993 9s 8d. An«ro<,'ato to this date, from 1st July, 1873, LG32,370 14s'lid; 1872, L574,942 5s 4d. Weekly average (47 weeks), 1873, L13.454 14s; 1872, H2,232 163 3d. ' ' . ; 