The EfTects of Climate. A distinguished professor, writing of tho influence of olimato upon man, for tbo sake of illustration supposes tbo cose of a human being whose life should bo prolonged through many generations, and who should pass that life in journeying slowly from the orotic regions south ward throui'li tbo varvinc ciimatos of ibo earth to ' the eternal region of tbo antarctic region or tho zone. Always preserving his personal identity, tbis traveller would nndergo remarkable ohauges in form, feature, and complexion, in habits and modes of lilo, and io mental and moral attributes. Though he might bavo been perfectly white at Grst, bis skin would pass through every degree of darkness, until he reached tho equator, wben it would be quite black. Proceeding onward, be would gradually become fairer, and, on leaohiog tbe end of bis journey, ho would again be palo. His intellectual powers would vary also, and with them tbe shape of bis skull. His forehead, low and retreating, would, by degrees assume a uobler form as ho advanoed to tbe more genial climes, the faoial angle reaching bis maximum in the temperate zone, ooly to gradually diminish as he journeyed towards tho torrid, and to again Avliihit iini^ttp tYia 6/iiintnf* ifa nrininnl rtftRQ development. As he continued bis journey, towards tbe south pole be woald ondargo a second time tbis series of progrosBing and retrograding changes until at length, as be laid bis weary bones to rest in snmo icy cave iu the drear aatartios, he would be in every respect, save in ago and a ripe experience, the same as at the outsat of hie wanderings. Extravagant as this illustration may appear, the professor goes on to say philosophically, on' the doctrine of tbe unity of the human raoe, it is so ; for what else than such an imaginary prolonged individual life in the life of tho race? And what greater chaogea have occurred to our imaginary travoller than have actually befallen the human family ? Tbo facts are patent. Ucdor the equator is found tho negro, in tbe temperate zones the Indo-European, and toward tbe pole the Lann and Eenuimaux. Thev are as different as the olimate in which tbey dwell ^nevertheless, history, philology, the common traditions of tbe race, revelation, point to their brotherhood: How is it that climate oan bring about s'uob modifications in man ? Is it possible tbat tho sun, shining Upon his face, and his children's faces for ages, can make their skin dark, and their hair orisp and curly, and their foreheads low ? Or tbat sunshine and shadow, spring time and aatumn, summer's showers beating upon him, and winter's Snows falling about his patb, can make him fair arin free ? Or that the dreary nignt and oboerless day of many changeless arctic years can make him short and fat and stolid as a Boal ? Surely not. These avail muoh ; but other influences, indirect and obscure in tbeir workings, but net the less essentially climatio; are required. Food, rai ment, shelter, occupation, amusement, influences that tell upon the very citadel and stronghold of life — and all in their very nature climatio, sinco tboy are controlled and modified by climate— are the means by wbich such changes are effected. Tbe savage, living in the open air, not trammelled with macl) clothing, anointing his skin with oil, oating unaooked food, delighting in the chase and in battle, and living thus because bis surroundings indicate it, becomes swart and athletic, fierce, cunning and cruel — takes tbe lowest place in the soale of humanity. Of literature, scionoe, art. be knows nothing ; for him will is justice, fear law, some , miserable fetish deity. Still in bis nature he is dormant to all tho capabilities of tho no, bleat manhood, awaiting only favourable surroundings to call them into glorious being. It might shock the salt of tbe oarth to reflect that some centuries of lifo among them and their fair descendants' would make him like them. The arotio savage, clad in furs, and eating blnbber, dooB not differ essentially from his brother of the topids. So much of his food is necessarily converted into heat, that he cannot lead so active s life ; but he. also, like him' of tho tropics, partakes with hiB surroundings in color. The ose, living amid snow-clad scpnery, where the sparse vegeta tion is gray and grayiBb groon, and the birds and animals almost bs white as the snow over which thoy wander, is pale, etiolated. The othor, under a vertiool sun; surrounded by a rich growth, whose flowers, for variety and intensity of colorj are beyond description, and in whioh birds of brightest plumage and black and tawny boasts make their home, baa the moat marked supply of pigment— is dark-hued, black— ^in short, a negro. Between these two extremes is tbe typical man, fair of fade, with expanded brow and wavy hair, well fed, well olad, well housed, wresting from Nature her bidden things,- and making her mightiest foroos the workers of his will ; heaping together knowledge; cherishing art, reverenoing justioe, worshipping God. How startling the con trast between brothers I Such ohangoa do not take place in a few generations.. For their Completion, hundreds, perhaps thousands of years must elapse. The descendants of the blaoks who we're carried from Afrioa to America as slaves, two centuries and a half ago, save where their dolour has been modifiod by a mixed parentage, are still black. Already the influence of new' climatic surround ings and of association has wrought great ohangea upon them ; they are no longer savages. But thoir complexion ia as dark as that of their kidnapped forefathers. Their original physical condition remains almost unaltered, and with it many mental characteristics; their love of display and of bright colour, their fondness for tune and the power of. music to' move them, tbeir weird and fautastic belief in ghosts and spirits, in signs, omens,- and charms, and many other traits,- still bear witness to their savage origin. But even these are fading away, and these men aro slowly, but not the lets surely, becoming oivilized and wliitei - ' - CoAt BEDS.-Shou!d the coal beds of ?' earth ever become exhausted, it hpo.,ib|,,btt ' ; these sources of supply maybe replaced by ne* beds rtsing from the bottom of tbe seas. ln(lcB(1 ! something of this kind is now actually ocourrintr' ' ] The island of Newfoundland, whiob contains [ i ^lTar0.mi'fl\^b- « Population of U 100,000 „ J01ned by. b.nk.or.hoahcurth lurgor than tbe island itself. It i8 on th 'I j banks tbat tbe cod fisheries are so extensively ' '? pursued. The Grand Bank is 600 miles Ion, ' i by 200 broad. Now it has been cDnoln8i,c|v i shown that the whole, ialand is rising fr0B) ,bo i sen, and in tho coowe of time tnny be expected ' to join its banks, which are also rising. Great ! saams of coal, which are pronounced inoxbamtibU ' have been discovered in Newfoundland ; and there- ' is do reason to doubt that these seamB also extend ' under tbe banks. So it appears that mono caso j - at loaat coal beds are now ooming to the eurfaeo from tho depths of the oceon ; and it is not f improbable tbat similar fotces may be producinn f ' similar results in other parts of tbe world ''- The Slanderous Tongue.— Tbe »oogae of i slander is never tired. In one way or another it ' manages.to keep itself in constant employment. [ Sometitnas it drips honey and sometimus gall' - ' It is bitter now, and then Bwcet. It insinnatenj ' or assails directly, according to tbe oircumstancei: ' It will hido a curse under a smooth word, and ' administer poison in the pbrase of love. l\h death, 'it loves a shining mark.' And it ia never so available and eloquent as when it can blight the hopes of tne noble-minded, soil tlio reputation of tbe pure, and break down tho character of tbe bravo and strong. Wfoj pleasure can man or woman find in enoh work, ' we have been unable to seo. And yet there is pleasure of «6me sort in it to multitudes, or they ' would not betake themselves to it. Some passion ' of soul or body must bo gratified by it. Bm ro . soul in high estate can take delight in it. It indicates lapsej tendency towards obaos, utter depra*ity. It proves that somewhere in tho soul there ia weakness, waste, evil nature. Education and refinement are no proof against it. Thoy often sorve only to polish the slanderous tongue, inorease its taot, and give it suppleness and sits- ' tegy to do its death -work. Sham, we jieet Again?— The fiat of natnm i is inexorable. There ia no appeal from the great , | law wbioh dooms us to. dust. We flourish and 1 fade as tbe leaves of the forest, and tbe flowers that bloom and wither in the day bave no frailer bold upon life than tbe mightiest monarch who over shook the earth with bi3 footsteps. Gener ations of men will appear and disappear as tbe grass, and ? the multitude that throng tbe world to-day will disappear as tbe footsteps on tbe shore. Men seldom think of the great event of death UBtil the shadow falls across thoir own pathway, hiding from their eyes the faces of loved ones whoao living smiles were tbe sunlight of their existence. Death is the antagonist of lifo, and the cold thought of the tomb is Ibe skeleton of all feasts. Wo do not! want to co tbrousb Ibo dark valley, although its dark passage may lead to paradise ; we do not want to lay down in the ? damp grave even with princes for bedfellows. In the beautiful drama of 'Ion,' the hopo of Immortality, so eloquently uttered by tbe dying Greek, finds deep response in every thoughtful bouI. When about to yield his young oxistonoo aa a sacrifice to fate, bis Olemantha askB if tbey - should meet again, to which be replies:— 'I have asked the dreadful question of bills that look eternal, of the clear streams' that flow for ever, of the stars among whose fields of azure my raiBod spirits have walked in glory. All wero uuuiu, uufc ua x ££U£eu upuu tuy nviug tuuu, * felt that here is something in love that mantles through its beauty that cannot' wholly perish, We shall meet again Clomantha.' The Fiest Kings. — ' Conclusive evidence is not attainable,' remarks a recent writer, ' when rings were first used.' But one fact ia plain— ? they are of great antiquity, were always worn as ' tokens of truBt, insignia of oommand, pledges of _ . faith and alliance, and, equally strango, as marks 5 of servitude. The religious system of Zoroaster ;' is exceedingly ancient ; and in some of the old f ; sculptures of that sect images hold a ring, in- ; ; dicative of omnipotence \aad power. And to this \\\ day the Persians; Hindoos, and all the eastern i- nations attaoh great significance to the ring. Tha ' Egyptians were particularly fond of this ornament. ? There are specimens in . the Museum of the i Louvre. Some date as far baok aa the reign of ? | MoeriB: At tbo British Museum there is an ^ exceedingly fine specimen. This is a ring of tbo j ? finest gold, of the' Ptolemaio or Eoman period, . j with figures of Serapis, Isis, and Hoius. The t| dame collection has also others of a similar metal, j set with tbe scarabraus or aaored beetle. Others 1 1 have tbe name3 of Tb'ptbme's III and Earnest* j| III. The most ancient ring in existenoo ia that j| formerly worn by Cheops, the builder of tlia | great pyramid, found in a tomb in the vicinity I of that monument, of tho finest goli | with hioroglyphios; Sundry passages ,of I Holy Writ prove tne antiquity of rings. When I Pharaoh coafidod tho charge of all Egypt to' Joseph,- he took his ring from his finger and com mitted it to him, tis a symbol of command,. AhasueruB did in like manner to his favodritoy Haman,- and subsequently to Mordocai. The impression of the monarch's' ring had tbo force of a command. ' Write ye also for the Jews, us i{ liketh you j for the writing which is writen in the king's name* «nd sealed with tho king's ting. may no man reverse.' Kings among tbe favored people, when used as sealb, were called ' tabaotb,' the name of a root, signifying to imprWt and aim to seah They were commonly worn on the little* finger of the. right band. Josh Billings says; 'There are many people who1 not only believe that this world revolves on its axiB, but they believe they ore tbo axis. ? _, Printed and Published hy tbo Proprietors, AbotuuU OampdAll and Joseph Habt, at '1b« » \- wabba Mbbodbv,' General LatterPresiMcto? O«i08, corner of tho Market-squaro, Wollungoog IHnwarro, on Tueauny^July 22na 1873. 