LECrUltE AT KADIKA. <Jn Monday evening, tne verj Jiev. uean ILussell delivered a lecture in the Oddfellows' Hall, Kadina, entitled " Ghost Stories." Mr J. Ey, one, of the Church Wardens, occupied the Chair, and there was a fair attendance— from 150 to 200 persons. Proceedings were commenced by a pianoforte duet brilliantly rendered by two ladies of the congregation. The Chairman then introduced the lecturer to his audience, remarking that the proceeds ~ jqf the iecture were to be devoted to the fund for building a new Church parsonage. The congregation were striving to do this, which was rather a strong undertaking for them and the Dean bad kindly agreed to help them by giving his lecture. ' The Depn commenced bv remarking that although ghost stories had been laughed at in this age which prides itself in its euliglit xnent, they were more numerous than ever.. And even the very boldest disbelievers in ghostly appearances were liable to appre hension of a supernatural character. l People who laughed at the theory when spoken of in broad daylight were too nervous to speak of it at midnight. Scientific men talked of apparitions as being optical allusions, or natu raijmagic descrioed by Sir David Brewster as disease of the optics. There was recently a society formed in Cambridge to inquire into the subject of apparitions, aud the fact of the existence of such a society was evi dence that fhe matter was deemed wortby oi scientific inquiry. The result kf the proceed ings instituted was that there was some evi dence respecting apparitions when death was near, but none reliable as to any other. He intended to give a few, not frightful ones, of the different descriptions of ghost stories. Firet and- foremost were the stories of haunted houses. South Australia was not old enough to have haunted houses, or indeed ghosts—certainly 3£adina was not. After giving one or two apparently authenti cated, ghost stories—notably that of the Wesley family, he proceeded to notice the claims of the spiritualists. No doubt they had given puerile and absurd messages as from the sky. But the stories told of their proceedings were, to say the least, remarkable. His own opinion* was that the communica tions received were merely sorry and meagre as coming from a spiritual world. Mesmerists and clairvoyists, wizards, and others, who claimed no supernatural powers, did and said' more wonderful things ; spiritu alists in exculpation, said that there were lyjng spirits and good spirits. This was his view j .and ha .would next note the premonitory warnings that it had been said had Been given of. deaths that had actually taken place. Of these, wonderful stories had been told, some of which the lecturer detailed. (Hear the lecturer pansed and a song was given, by a gentleman belong ing to the congregation worshipping at the Church, and also a selection of popular airs by a lady. These were much applauded and then a song wis given bya.lady, which com manded much admirationJ' The lecture was resumed by some particulars ^eing given of presentiments not of actual death, but of re markable events and apparent dualities. Then there were prophetic .intimations. And also there were brighter and happier stories which told of remarkable warnings that were instru? mental inisaving life. Of this character were dreams. ; The lecturer concluded by remark ing that even if it were believed that incidents did«occur through supernatural means, there was no reason for dread or alarm in this. If there were ghosts, premonitory warnings, or appearances no one should feel affright at this. A clear conecience and a firm trust in the Al mighty were the surest armor against visitors of a mysterious and physically unaccountable description. At the conclusion of the lecture considerable applause was manifested, and then a song was rendered by a gentleman present to a pianoforte accompaniment. This was encored and another substituted, and ' then Mr W. Harris proposed a vote of thanks to the Lecturer, which was.carried by accla-. nation. The compliment was acknowledged and proceedings were brought to a close by (ta xational Anthem being played. 