THE MYSTERIOUS TRAVELLER. I WAS seated in a comfortable compartment in a first-el ass railway carriage at London Bridge Railway Station one 24th Decem- ber. The weather was horribly cold, and the wind was very high. My thoughts were far away down the line- forty miles down, to Nettleton, where I was going to spend my Christmas holidays with my . uncle, Arthur Blucher, a few cousins, and Bessie Nolan. Giving a shilling to the guard, I requested him to lock the door, and I was left to my cigar, my evening paper, my Bradshaio, and my Bessie. As we slowly glided out of the station, I was somewhat surprised to see a tall, lank, white-faced gentleman walk up to my carriage door-which I paid the guard to lock-open it, step in, and take his seat opposite me. He was a most peculiar- look- ing individual. His face was very long and painfully white ; his eye was bright and restless ; his hands, incased in black kid gloves, had the appearance of possessing a good deal of bone ; his legs were awkwardly long ; and to add to his eccentricity, his head was quite bald, and shone like a plain white billiard ball. On entering the carriage he bowed to me, and after carefully gazing round him, smiled:-sucha smile-and taking out a black covered book, coiled himself up in a corner and buried himself in its con- tents. This strange being puzzled me con- siderably. What could he be ? Perhaps a doctor. No-his appearance would terrify any nervous patient. A lawyer? Possibly an escaped lunatic, more probably. I determined to speak to him, for though I was not a coward, I did not like the man. There was something unearthly about him ; for now and then he would put down his book, gaze on the lamp above him, and laugh quietly, then fix- ing his eyes on me for a second, would relapse into a smile and continue his reading. Do you object to smoking ?" I asked-I own with an effort. He took no notice of me. I repeated the question ; but in lieu of replying he twisted himself into an easier position, and went on with the black bound book. I must have soon fallen into a doze, but how long I slept I have little idea. When I awoke I felt the carriage oscillating violently, and to my horror and surprise, my companion had gone ! Yes, I was alone in the carriage. In another moment the air was filled with shrieks of agony and yells of despair, the escape of steam, and the crushing of wood. My carriage shook and groaned, and then tottered over on its side down the embankment ; but, luckily for me, I was, with the exception of a few bruises, unhurt. O, what a sight was before me ! The 6.55 train from London had run into a goods train, and lay before me a wreck. Women, children and men, were buried under the debris ; while some . like me had escaped without a scratch. We rendered all the assistance that lay in our power to the poor creatures ; and it was not until the sun had risen on Christmas morning that we got sufficient hands together to clear the line. Twenty-five people were killed in this awful accident, and over thirty severely injured. The news of the disaster had reached Nettleton some hours previous to my arrival ; and when I had briefly narrated the pain ful facts of the case, I asked leave to go to my room, feeling perfectly unable to take part in the Christmas merrymakings, I was glad enough to throw myself on the bed. I was no believer in ghosts ; and yet what was the meaning of that man's mysterious entrance at London Bridge, and his still more mysterious disappearance? Was it fancy? Certainly not. Could it have been a warning of the coming danger ? I could not answer myself, but continued to ponder and argue. The few days' leisure that I had allowed myself went quickly enough, and my Nettle- ton visit was soon a thing of the past, and 1 was once again hard at work in the Inn. The long year passed away, and Christmas came again. I was, as usual, to spend my few days' holiday at Nettleton ; and I found myself once more in a first- class carriage by myself, at 5.55, on the 24th December. The whistle was sounded, the engine shrieked, the train moved, the door opened, and HE entered the carriage, smiled in the same deathlike manner as he had smiled twelve months ago, took his seat, produced the black book, and read in silence. 1 do not think I was very much surprised at seeing him, for he had been in my " mind's eye" all the year ; but a cold perspiration came over me; I felt a sinking at my heart and a burning pain flew to my head. " Man -if man you be-" I said, fixing my eyes on the figure, " If you have come to warn me of any coming danger, speak to me, I am brave enough to hear the worst." He lifted his eyes from his book, yawned, closed the volume, and settled himself to sleep. " No," I cried " you shall not evade my question ; you must answer me. What will happen ? Why are you here?" He roused himself, and looked at me with a smile upon his hard lips ; he then took out a small pocket-book and wrote on a page, which he tore off and ¡ handed me, these words, " We shall meet to night." I read the five words over and over again but could not fathom their meaning. I was painfully certain, in my own mind, that some other terrible calamity of some kind or other would happen before long, and that I read my warning on the piece of paper I held in my hand. I kept my eyes fixed on him for some time ; but nature at length ruled, and I fell asleep-not into a sound slumber, but into a troubled fretful series of dozes of an unrefreshing and feverish charac- ter. I was aroused by the train slackening speed ; and on looking out of the window, found we had arrived at Nettleton junction, and I was the only occupant of the carriage. Hastily gathering my traps together, I got out of the haunted carriage, and inquired of a porter if my uncle had sent over any con- veyance for me. Yes, there was the dog-cart. Before leaving the station I asked the station- master if he was sure that the train from which I had alighted was the express from town. " Yes, sir," was his answer, " through from London Bridge." What an awful ride I had on that dark Christmas-eve ! At every turn of the road I thought we should be overturned ; whenever the horse improved his pace, I made up my mind that he had bolted ; but in spite of my fears, we arrived safe at Nettleton House, and received a hearty welcome, as of yore. All agreed that I was far from well. " Bless the boy," said my aunt, " you look as pale as though you'd seen a ghost." I stammered out something about the closeness of London, and went upstairs to dress for dinner. How I got through the meal, I have very little idea. Bessie must have thought me very stupid ; for I made few remarks, and answered her questions in monosyllables. There was to be a dance, as usual, in the evening, and I was engaged, of course, to Bessie for the opening quadrille ; but I made so many foolish blunders, and, as my sweet- heart told me, looked so very unwell, that I had to leave off. " Come into this room, dear," Bessie said ; " it is cooler there, and more quiet." We entered. I started back with a look of horror on my face ; for there, by the mantleshelf, stood my mysterious railway companion with a glass of sherry in his hand, " Bessie," I said earnestly, " come away, come away, for heaven's sake !" " Why, whatever is the matter, Charlie i You look so terribly frightened," she said But I heeded her not ; for I could no' think of anything but the phantom befon me. He approached, with that cursed smil< upon his face, and held out his hand. Bessie looked up laughingly at his face and said, " Charlie, won't you shake handi with Doctor Linton?" " Who-who is he ?" " Why, Doctor Linton, the deaf and dum! gentleman." For a moment my brain whirled round and I can remember but indistinctly wha immediately followed. I saw Bessié makin¡ signs with her fingers, and the Doctor re plying to her in the same manner. Thi was what I learned in calmer moments. The Doctor was deaf and dumb, and i season ticket holder on the line ; and as hi could not always make the porters understan« him, he was allowed a private key. Hi lived at a little village some five miles fron the London side of Nettleton, and thi managers of the line stopped the 5.55 for hin out of courtesy. So my ghost vanished with the explana tion. I shook him warmly by the hand and with the assistance of my Bessie, in formed him of my doubts and fears, at whicl he laughed heartily. My spirits soon re turned, and by the time the last dance wa announced, no one was happier than myself Bessie and I were married the followin) Christmas, and conspicious among our guest was my "First-class Ghost,"-EnglishSociety 