THE LADY UBHARDO & HER PET BOW-WOW. AN OLD STOBY EE-TOLD . SOME centuries ago there stood, somewhere in central Europe, on a noble mountain side, the grand old castle of the Barons UBHABDO. And the grand and consequential old pile frowned grandly down upon the lovely valley, and the lovely valley smiled sweetly in acknowledgment. When the Baron quitted this life in a grand way, and was gathered to his graud fathers, the widow garbed her body in grandiose black raiment, and ordered court mourning for ten days. And the warders, and pages, and cooks, and bottle-washers, and the family friar all put on the face of sorrow. And the Lady's little black dog Super went about in a sable neck-tie and looked a shade more doggedly unhappy than all the rest. Now, concerning the dog Super, be it known that its name was by some supposed to be a corruption of Superfine, and by others to be a contracted form of Superstition; but',this latter theory gathered strength from the animal's doting and eccentric fondness for old and flavorless bones. The Baron when about to part with bis ghost, as people term dying, enjoined the Baroness to care well for Super, solemnly conjuring her to never let a day pass without giving him a bone. The Baron shortly after turned black in the face, and spoke no more. The friar left his frying-pan containing a half cooked omelette, and came in haste with a crucifix and some cold gin, when the Baron put his lips to both and died devoutly. Then the Baroness UBHABDO pulled down the castle blinds, and her nose became tickled with an insidious tear; while the pious friar crossed himself, and made crosses in the air, and then came across the aqua vita; and took a nobbier. In those days there were wars and disturbances in the land referred to, just as there are in these latter days. And the grand old castle came to be beseiged by some disorderly baronial neighbours and their disreputable retinue, who set themselves to starve the Baroness into humility and surrender. The artillery of that period was not destructive, nor even daugerous except to those who fired the guns ; and as the widow UBHABDO kept her retainers breaking road metal during their leisure hours, the advantage of being well found in ammunition lay rather with the inmates of the castle. But the beleaguriug forces kept watch and ward, and no provisions found their way into the fortress, save a few hard-boiled dumplings, delivered with a catapult by the hand of a friendly peasant, and which, in humorous reference to their indigestible character, came to be termed " Indigencies." Months passed by and the garrison were hungry. Bread and biscuit grew short and they had no butter to make them shorter. Every eel bad been hooked in the moat, every frog kidnapped, and every confiding sparrow knocked over with popguns. At last these straits became severe indeed, and one day the Baroness had to make her dinner out of cough candy and watercresses. Many a wistful glance was thrown at the dog Super, whose skin wrinkled about its ribs like the leather of a kitchen bellows. But the Lady UBHABDO would not hear of it. On the contrary, she asseverated that any one laying hands on Super would not only find it a work of supererogation, but be corned into salt junk and carbonadoed into steaks and chops. Her Ladyship never swore, but occasionally employed strong language. Moreover, the Baroness insisted with religious pertinacity that Super should have a bone found for his dinner daily. Now, bones began to get scarce, although those of the castle inmates became constantly more conspicuous; and one fiuemorning there was not enough remaining to make a salt spoon. " Super must have a bone" declared the Lady to the seneschal in attendance. That may be, thought the latter, but he won't have any of mine, and made no bones about saying so. The Baroness repeated her-remark, appending a few words too strong for publication. " Send to me Friar HANS," she called to the servitor, who was retreating with his hands before his face, less from bashfulness than from a "prudent apprehension that the lady might shy a plate at him. M About" these bones, my lady," said Friar HANS as he entered, "we have not a loose bone in the castle except the sacred relics." "Sacred or profane, the dog must have his bone," broke out the Baroness. , Friar HANS crossed himself and said no more. He knew the hasty temper of his mistress, and that owing to her having no habit of swearing as a safety valve, her ladyship's angry feelings were sometimes conveyed, like her ladyship's dinner, in heavy pewter plates and dishes. Dogs, like men, are slaves to habit, especially when brought up in high society; so Super for a few days gave his jaws some recreation with mumbling the reputed skull bones or titular toe joints of sundry and divers saints and martyrs departed. This brought balm" to the anxious bosom of the Baroness, for her ladyship ever yearned to atone for any disloyalty to the Baron while he lived, by the most devoted obedience to his dying wish. At last the relics were all appropriated, and not a bone remained unboned. Should Super die, the Baroness felt persuaded that her late hus- band would come in the spirit and rap out some terrible reproaches through the dinner table: and as the Baron had come very much in the spirit and made himself horribly disagreeable at the festive board during life time, this faucy woke up some alarming memories, and serious anticipations. With open palm before his face, as though he would keep tbe sun off, Friar HANS repeated his assurance that he had not a blessed bone left in the chapel reliquary. Super howled in dismal fits, like the gusty moaning of a rheumatic chimney cowl. A spoiled dog was Super, pampered with perquisites ; and a sad dog was Super, in the most mournful sense of the term. The Lady UBHARDO rose with a swelling bosom, and the hooks and eyes of her jewelled bodice burst asunder one by oue like the snappish explosions of a Chinese cracker. The Baroness rose as if she was grandly anxious that a great inspiration would come with a great necessity. With stately and unfaltering stride the lady proceeded to a private closet in the lordly chamber, >vhereiu she entered upon a vain search for any osseous fragment which might be supposed to possess interest in the consumptive contemplation of her canine pet Super. . In the coarse and homely language of some vulgar chronicler ot old, this touching incident is thus referred to :— "Old Mother Hubbard went to her cupboard, to get her poor dog a bone. But when she came there the cupboard was bare, and so the poor dog had none." Now the dog Super thus died, from a sort>f superstitious starvation ; and the Baroness took his bones, all that remained of him, and placed the collection with religious care in the shrine of the sacred relics— a costly thing to keep alive and a cherished nuisance when in death. And to this day those remains of Superstition represent the family skeleton in the castle of UBHARDO, and in many other castles and cottages throughout the land. From this legendary tale of the middle ages comes down to us the popular but imperfectly preserved history of " Old Mother Hubbard and her Dog." 