MINES AND MINING. Visits to Out-of-the-Way Gold-fields [BY A TRAVELLING MINER. ] No. V.-UPPER ADELONG. LEAVING Reedy Flat, and its very friendly inhabitants, by a slippery track over the range, dividing the waters of the Gilmore from those of the Adelong Creeks, the township, or something approaching thereto, of Upper Adelong, is reached in four miles, on about as great a break-neck road as can be imagined. To persons coming off good roads and level country, Adelong and Reedy Flat will appear to such as possessing the most horrible and most dangerous of tracks. A horse to get along up this part, requires to be thorough mountain bred, or must have served a long apprenticeship to get along without coming down '"lumpus." sharp side- ings, steep slippery pinches to mount, and bogs, stones, and races to avoid - give your horse as much as he can do to got along safely. The rough-coated horse seen up here is a wonderful thing-the way he manages to carry a man over the many difficulties every track is full of, and in the dark night, is a matter of surprise, and in a canter, too, and yet nobody seems to got hurt. The track from Reedy Flat to Upper Adelong is one full of dangers ; yot constantly travelled over, and in the darkest night. Upper Adelong is the ghost of what it was. A few years ago it could boast of a good population, hotel, store, &c.;, but there is a change. The creek, the main seat of work, is now one vast mass of stones and tail- ings ; while, where its banks stood are now immense chasms - here and there once favourite points-the bare rock alone remains, while piled up, in perfect order, are tons upon tons of boulders and " tailings." Years ago, when the creek was supposed worked out, a small party set in on a piece of spare ground on the left hand bank of the creek, and found a run, a lead of gold, running through their ground. The claim of this party joined at its lower and the site on which stood Mr. Watson's extensive range of buildings, and they worked every foot of ground in their claim, only leaving off when Watson's post and rails surrounding tbe buildings began to "shake." At the termination or lower end of Watson's ground, large quantities of the precious metal was also found. These discoveries, of course, added considerably to the value of Watson's property- a nice little piece measuring four acres. Numerous offers were made for the ground, buildings and all, but refused-business was then flourishing. Times having considerably changed, aud a large popu- lation gone, Mr. Watson has commenced to take down his extensive range of buildings and is now making rather extensive preparations to ground-sluice the whole of his valuable four acres. Building after build- ing is being removed, and now the ground on which once stood a well built comfortable hotel, holds the race of water employed to do the work. The water used is the creek itself, dammed up to a height sufficient to work the ground. In ground-sluicing the cleaner the water can be obtained the more efficient does it become for the purpose. The creek, receiving as it does the tail water from a few claims now at work higher up, holds a quantity of mud, or, aa it is termed, " sludge." A rather ingenious plan is adopted by Mr. Watson to free the water he uses of a large portion of its sludge at intervals, his race is widened out so as to form a basin; in the bight of this basin, or "'bay," as it is termed, is placed a strong flood-gate ; the whole of the stream entering iuto the basin whirls rouud, depositing much of its mud during the time it is therein confined, and ultimately escapes into the race to meet again another basin before it enters with the race which will conduct it into the workings. During dinner hour, and in portions of the morning and afternoon the flood gates are opened, when the sludge is carried off down the creek. The plan is very simple, economical, and efficient. The ground is about ten feet deep, and the many boulders, stones, and drift in very regular layers, are the chief indications of the lead underneath. As far as prospects go they are encouraging, and, indeed, rich, and it is the hope of " all hands" in the neighbourhood that Mr. Watson will meet with the reward his perse- verance justly merits. Proceeding up the creek for a short distance, Corbett and party's claim comes into view, situated high up on the left hand bank. An excellent supply of water enables them to work ground which has proved very payable, notwithstanding the many hindrances they frequently meet with in the shape of land-slips. Corbett and party's claim is doubtless situated on the same run of gold passing through Wat- son's lease ; but time only can prove which is the richest portion of tho two. Above Corbett, a party of Chinese are busy at work, wh. if report speaks correctly, got £200 worth of gold in a couple of weeks. These three claims may be named as the chief gold producers at Upper Adelong. There are a few other parties at work higher up on a small scale. This portion of tho creek, on which Upper Adelong is situated, is a branch of the main Adelong Creek, func- tioning at another thinly populated pince, known as Middle Adelong, situated some five miles lower down. The road to this place, after passing through " Chinkey Town," a hideous lot of dirty Chinese huts, all sadly in want of the purifying fire-stick, follows the creek down for a short distance, then suddenly wheels off to the left over broken ridges, and, to the satisfaction of the traveller, joins the Tumberumba road, a level cleared track, some two miles from Middle Adelong. Here I find a large saw mill, store, and the remains of an hotel and some indications of a once populated neighbour- hood. Following up the main branch of the creek, I was much surprised to observe that the bed of tho creek, banks, and most of its tributaries, had been worked for fully a distance of six miles, while the numerous comfortable little huts dotted here and there along the banks, show that spots are still found to pay. Up hill the whole way, the same country to travel over, big stones and races- races and big stones, and sidelings to be careful of a slip of your horse's feet will send you rolling down the hill, or, perhaps, land you on the roof a hut, whoso site is dug out of the hill side beneath the track. Some five or six miles travelled over in this way, over a hilly and not unromantic country, brings us on to Mitchell and party's ground sluicing claim. This claim, »nd tho ono nd joining (Cottam's), aro certainly worth a visit, as hoing tho only claims worked by hydraulics. Tho termination of tho race is a box, fitted with a hose, into which tho water passes. The extremities of this hosois ho'd by ono of tho party, who, direotiug it towards tho fiio«. nome 15 feot doop, discharges^against it the powerful force issuing from tho hoso, in tho shape of a jet of water. Tho effects of thia simple piece of meohiuism, ave extraordinary. Largo blocks of soil previously undoruiintd hy the divcrtod Btream, fall with amnaiug promptitude, whilo tho disohurjjed wator servos to WHBII ovary thing away iuto tho channel and tail-race. Tho ground.operated upon, boiug gonornlly speaking of a poor description, would pay nothing if worked in the usual ground sluicing plan. An immense average is washed and carried away annu- ally by the hydraulic principle, in this claim. The claim is situate high up on the bank, immediately under the once celebrated " White Dog" reef. During wash- ing up time, two boys are employed to pick out and examine all quartz boulders in the area; if any of those show gold, they are thrown on one side and afterwards crushed. One ton lately saved is this way yielded 1oz 17dwt. The White Dog Reef is a large body of pure white quartz, on which some capital has been invested in the way of sinking, but owing to the difficulty and expense of carting to the Adelong Reefs, no stone has been obtained sufficiently rich to pay. Beyond Mitchell's claim, the main Adelong Creek has been worked, which paid those then engaged very handsomely. Cottam and party are about half-a-mile further up. An hydraulic claim also. This party having leased ground on the Bago side of the range, have caused some little stir up here, but, perhaps, made and talked of too much more than it in reality deserves. Cottam's claim and their new lease, will receive future notice. 