A NIGHT IN A GHOST-CHAMBER. by maurice davie.'!, m.a. Belgravia. "Rejoice with me," said my friend Tom Chester, who had obeyed my summons to "come in" to my sanctum, and deposited himself in his nccustomcd easy-chair. "Yes, rejoice with mo ; I have discovered a new sensation." "Don't helievo it," said I somewhat grumpily ; for I was writing hard, and did not want to ho interrupted. " Solomon said thero was nothing now under the sun." ' ' Right you are, and right Solomon of courso is ; but then this isn't under the sun — it's a ghost." I wheeled my arm-chair round at once and faced him. Tom knew my weakness for the so-called "supernatural," and therefore brought his ghost well to the front at first. "A real genuine ghost ; an unmistakable case of haunted house ; family scared out last week ; series of charwomen frightened out of their seven senses, and housemaids sent into blue fits. Got tho address in my pocket, and leave to ' sit ' there any night, or as many nights as I please." "But have you looked into this matter at all? So many of these ghost Btories and haunted houses turn out, as Sir Charles Coldstream says, to have ' nothing in them. ' " " My friend is great at quotations to-night, bringing forth from his treasures things olcl and new, from Solomon to I'homme bhtsi. Well, it's a pasto-and-seissors ago. But I havo looked into this lnattor as far as such an immaterial thing as a ghost can be looked into, or as well as I can into a haunted house some ten miles from London ; and 1 moan to look into both literally, if you will go with me." I agreed at once ; though I continued in a sceptical tone which was not genuine, but simply assumed for tho occasion, in order to look hard-licaded and unimaginativo, as we most of us try to do when anything in the shape of a ghost story crops up: "If this be a genuine haunted house, as you say, why didn't the proprietor answer the advertise ments of the Dialectical Society, who took some pains to discovcd such a habitation for their spiritualistic committee to sit in ? The fact of none being forthcoming somewhat shook my faith in the reputed number of haunted lionses. "« "I believe nobody except Punch did answer that particular advertisement," said Tom, "and possibly for tho excellent reason that owners of house property whore ghosts were 'laid on,' liko gas or water, did not think proper to cry ' stinking fish 1' Rightly or wrongly, thero is a projudico against ghosts. AVe can't sympathise with it, perhaps, hut tho ordinary run of humanity avoid haunted houses. So far am I from sharing this feeling, that I havo been seriously considering whether one couldn't turn an honest Denny by taking this parti cular haunted house, anil letting it out at so much a night for seances. Spirits are lie- ciilly looking up just now." Assuming a moro serious tone, Tom in formed me that lie had heard tho subject of this house mentioned in casual conversation nt dinner the previous evening by some prac tical man, who of courso laughed utterly to scorn the ghostly clement in his own narra tive. His only view of tho matter was one of commiseration for the proprietor, whose income was seriously diminished by the un fortunate reputation his house had acquired. Pursuing the topic over their wine, Tom elicited from his unspirituol informant that, though lie himself believed in nothing which might not bo adequately explained by rats, yet so it was ; tho rats, if rats they wero, hod been too many for the human tenants. There hail been a constant exodus of occu pants from the house. Nobody stayed out their time ; many sacrificed money to get off their bargains even before taking possession, haviug heard the evil reputation of the pro mises from tbe scared charwoman, or sky- blue housemaids before mentioned. A family had just cleared out after a few days' residence, paying a quarter's rent in iieu of notice. Tho strangest thing, how ever, was that nobody ever said exactly what it was tliey had seen or heard. The most voluble charwoman, the most garrulous of housemaids, when seriously brought to hook, eould onlv state they knew the house was haunted, but could not state how thoy knew it. Had tho matter been confined to the gossips of the village, it might have been explained by one talking another into im aginative terrors ; but people had come from great distances. Tho evil reputation of tho house had been studiously kept from them by those who were most interested in keep ing it ; yet always with the same result. Tiie rent had been gradually lowered to an almost nominal sum ; but now nobody would take tho premises even at that. The place had a bad name, and there was no resource hut to shut it up. Such was the status quo of things at the time when the circumstance came casnally under the notice of my ghost- desiring friend Tom Chester. The haunted house stood in a suburb gene rally regarded as eligible, anil which we may as well call Tottenham as anything else, prin cipally for the reason that Tottenham is, a3 nearly as possible, at the opposite point of the compass from the real locality. 1 have no wish to do the unfortunate landlord ad ditional injury, or, on the other hand, to advertise Mr. Thomas Chester gratuitously should he carry out his project of open ing the haunted house for sciances ; though, without anticipating the course of events in this brief narrative, I may venture to say I do not think I10 will do so. The above particulars were communicated to me by my friend during 'the consumption of a mutual cigar. It may here be mentioned that, without being, cither of us, in any sense spiritual, or even spiritualistic, we had each of us a penchant for sueh subjects as form the sphere of what is termed modern spiritualism, or psycliism, as we shall have to learn to call it. We had, so to say, flirted with this spiritism (to adopt the French phraseology), and fancied we could trace in these nineteenth-century marvels a remark, ablo consensus with old stories of witchcraft, kc. AVe could not bring ourselves to dis pose of all the ' strange stories" under the convenient category either of delusion or col lusion. Charlatanism there was of course enough and to spare, mixed up with the dark stances anil professional "mediums" and platform mesmerists ; but still thore was tho quotl temper, quod ubiqttc, qvod ah omni bus argument. Ghosts always had been be lieved in ; and though we failed to trace any connection between dancing tables and tho spirits of the departed, and fancied a good deal of Mr. Home's "levitation" and spiri tualistic ladies' drawings, &c.;, might be due to personal idiosyncrasies, still we were open to the convictjon of our own eyes and ears. We had, moreover, both of us felt what were said to Iks spirit-hands at dark s&vnces; (two shillings a ho id), and found them remarkably — most romarkahly — like hands in tho flesh. Tho " missing link" was that we had never, either of us, seen anything of spirit-shapes. We had heard of others who hau ; but that was not enough. Wo wanted to sec. Here was the chance. Of course the thing was done. It took one or two moro eigar3 before our ar rangements were complete. In tho first place, liow large should our ghost party ho ? or should we avoid a party, and go by our- Bclves ? "The fact is," I said, "I candidly confess I should not like to sit alone. I own I should he afraid to do so. It may he only tny own imagination that I dread, but we ore profoundly ignorant of the limit of t-liis power. So, I would not go alone. Equally ffpon to objection is a party of two for if one collapsed, the other would bq lii't lit a disagreeable position. A small ' select' party ib host. "A third member I shall certainly stipu late for," rejoined Tom, "and that is my dog Brush. If anybody in the flesh attempts to play us a trick, and Brush pins him, 1 pity that practical joker. He will devoutly wish himself a ghost ; I can answer for that." Brush was voted of tho party new. eon.; and we finally decided 011 threo human com panions, whom wo may as well call Brown, Jones, and Robinson as anything else— - again for tlio reason that these aro not their cognomens. We selected them 011 tho ground that they were, as far as wo knew, unbiassed in their views of those matters. They were not " practical" beefy men, or philosophers who would "give 111 to any thing hut spirit; neither were thoy in any sense spiritualists, though all of them had looked into the phenomena at least of tho modern mystery, and were much in tho same Btnto of mental obfuscatiou as our selves. AA'e were sure they would accept the invitation, if not otherwise engaged ; so wo named the following Saturday evening for our experiment. We wero to dine together at a city restaurant, and jog down togotlier to pseudo-Tottenham by a train that would land us at our destination about ten o'clock on a midsummer evening. The ghost walked at tho orthodox hour of mid night ; that was all we knew. "So all is settled; there will ho five of u3. Luck in odd numbers," laughed Tom, as he loft mo. "But it won't be odd numbers," I an swered; "you forget tho dog." "No, I don't. 1 count the quadruped as well as the bipeds ; hut still I say odd num. hers, for I reckon on the ghost. Good night, old fellow." I regaled myself to such an extent with Mrs. Crowe's Night Side of Nattiro that evening that, when I did at last get to bed, 1 jumped up at every creak of my furniture, and challenged the gho3t, if ghost it was, to " do it again ;" to do it threo times anil speak out, liko nn orderly ghost at Mrs. Marshall's. None did declare himself, and in due course I slept the sleep of innocence ; though I re called next morning scattered fragments of a dream in which Brush, still in the flesh, was worrying my lnte maiden aunt's black cat, who must, according to the ordinary courso of events in the metropolis, have been made into pies many years ago. Hard work during the rest of the week drove all ghosts out of my head ; bo that I was in the most satisfactorily " unspiritual" frame of mind when I adjournod, on tho knife-board of a City-bound omnibus, to the rendezvous of Saturday. Punctuality is not one of my many vir tues, so that I found tho whole party assem bled and dinner ordered when I arrived. Brush was present, and seemed to be won dering what rcmarkablo crisis had come to work such a change in tho ordinarily oven teror of his life. ' ' AVo had just made up our minds that you had funked it," said Tom, "and I took upon mysolf to order underdone pork and AVelsh rabbits for tho lot, those being, I be lieve, the orthodox viands for ghost- hunters." IIo who on undcrdonest pork regales, Or ho who sups upon thy rabbits, Wales, added one of tho trio, quoting from Frank Talfourd's burlesque of Hamlet, which, writ ten as an academic squib, paved the way for the innumerable Snakspearian travesties produced during the last few years. " My hand trembles so with fright," says another, " that I havo kept .the waiters on tho jog-trot ever since I havo been here ;" and he clattered his knife and fork 011 his plate, after the accustomed manner of sum moning tho garron. "Anon, anon, sir," said number three, as tho perplexed waiter answered the appeal. Francis, bring tho dinner." Tho dinner — not underdone pork or the rabbits of Wales — came and went ; and in due course we did tho latter also, having previously fortified tho inner man, on the homoeopathic principle similia similibus, witli a modicum of spirit. Keep tho spirits up By pouring spirits down, again remarked our self-elected jokemongor. AVo had a first-class compartment to our selves on the railway, and beguiled the time during tho brief journey with talk of "quiet inoffensive ghosts, " selecting, probably, the quiet inoffensivo kind by way of trauquil- lising our minds for tho possiblo rencontre. There was, as lias been already remarked in passing, this peculiarity about tile ex pected interview — none of us knew what it was we were going to see. We had carefully avoided getting any details of the ghost lest imagination should fool us. In fact, it was next to impossible to gather what had been seen or heard ; so that the whole world of imagination was before ns, " where to choose." Reaching the house as the shades of even ing were tailing, we found even those were uot ablo to lend an air of romance to tho jilaee. It was the most unromantie, 1111- ghostly-lookiug house possible, being, in fact, nothing more nor less than a perky cockney "villa of the £33 or £40 a year class, abutting on the main thoroughfare of an equally cockney suburb. It was the sort of residence which a retired cheesemonger would describe as "chaste," and probably select to end his existence in, either after the business of tho shop was over for the day, or when liis days were drawing to a claso altogether, and he felt it necessary to retire into "genteel" life. The ghost must have been in that line, or must certainly have spent his mundane existence within tho sound of Bow Bells, or he never would have selected such a place to "walk" in. Chester had tho key, and between us wo had brought materials for a mild symposium. AAre did not want to give warning to the aborigines of our nocturnal visit, by pur chasing articles on the spot, so wo brought down everything — evou candles — with us, and we had every reason to believe we en tered the house unperceived by any one. Brush was the first to make an inspection of the basement, and we did tlio same with the whole mansion, peering into every hole and corner capable of containing the ghost of a deceased mouse. It did not take us long, for the villa was not extensive. There were sundry articles of furniture left behind by the last familv who had skedaddled — all the heavier movables, in fact ; so that, contrary to our expectation, wo had chairs to sit down upon and a table for our symposium. AVe had been prepared to make a " moveable feast" of it, or to squat upon the stairs. We lighted candles, therefore, in the front parlor, closed the shutters and drew the cur tains, so as not to attract attention from outside, and then paused to deliberate 011 the plan of proceeding. "Slightly vague, the ghostly gentleman's address," said one of the Brown-Joncs-and- Robinson trio. "Does ho live on the ground floor or in the attics ?" " Or is he a jintleinan on the first Jin re ?" asked another. AAre had no notion ; so, in default of clearer directions, agreed to sit where wo were, in the front parlor, and, if the ghost did not put in an appearance there, try another c/age afterwards. AA'e were quite prepared to " make a night of it," or any number of nights, for the matter of that. Brown, Jones, and Robinson, v im as sumed tho humble position of "supers" 0)1 the occasion, lighted pipes, and, after duly obtaining permission, devoted them selves to the unspiritual amusement of three- halfpenny loo. Brush coiled himself up on the hearthrug, having no doubt exercised liis imagination so far as to fancy there w;is a good lire in front of him. AA'e— that is, Tom Chester and myself — as the chief actors on the occasion, devoted ourselves to semi- spiritual conversation, so as to keep our selves en rapport with any ghost who might wish to communicate with us. AVe quite agreed tlint, taking tho ordinary run of mankind, and supposing that no sweeping change took place in tho process of death — and what right had wo to suppose this ? — it wa3 natural that tho parted spirit of somo former cheescmongering tenant might he earth-bound to such an extent as to find its happiness in reverting even to such a scene a3 this. "I remember a horrible old gourmand once daring to ask tho question," 1 said, "In reference to the future, what could It be to him except in connection lyitb a milch-fillet and bain ? Now, supposing that the earth- formed character is the spiritual body, which; y/ntn the corporeal framo is ' slipped l2i,1 forms tho tabernacle of the immaterial tenant, what fitter locale than this cockney ' willa' can we imagino for many a friend you and 1 know in the llesli, Tom ?" " AVliose god is their belly, who mind earthly things," said Tom, quoting from a book which ho seldom drew upon in common conversation, hut which he nnd 1 reverenced a good deal moro than many persons who garnish their common talk with it. " AVithout wishing that any parted spirit may be condemned to revert to such a place," I addod, ' I do wish that if such return bo possible to it, either a3 choice or by way of penance, I may be ablo to witness it. Lightly as I talk of it, Tom, I do look upon this spiritualistic theory as one of immense importance. If it is exploded, it will, I fear, cause more persons than ever to split on the rock of the supernatural, and to let go every thing that draws upon faith. If it is con firmed, what nn evidence it will be ! Faith reduced to demonstration ; ' I know' sub stituted for ' I believe.' If men reject all othor evidence thoy must ' givo in' to this ; if they refuse to hear church or read Bible — " "Neither will they he persuaded though one rose from tho dead," replied Chester, qnito solemnly ; and we closed our conver sation, whieii had been carried on sollo voce, and therefore did not reach tho card- players. AA'e had purposely left open the doors of both tho front and hack parlors communi cating witli tho passage or entrance hall, and also the folding-cloors between tho two rooms, so that wo might hoar any noises about the house, nnd also place 110 material obstacle in the way of the ghost's entrance, if he thought proper to pay 11s his respects. Of courso tho stairs creaked, anil tlio hoards ia the floor and cupboard doors cracked in the usual way, and, as they did so, drew our eyos ever and anon to the door in expectation of seeing something. There were the inevitable noises, like things tumbling down in tho kitchen, and the equally lucid explanation of rats, &c.; Some two hours passed away, and still no ghost. Gradually the Saturday-night brawlers in tho cockney village grow quiet, and as tlic church clock struck twelve, Chester enun ciated, in liis most sepulchral tone, the words — . lis now the very witching time of night, When churchyards yawn— "I wouldn't continue the quotation," I said ; " it is suggostive, to say the least, "fig The trio, tired of their loo, had begun to look . insufferably bored ; anil Brown, or Jones, or Robinson was in tho act of making tho following practical remark: "Last up- train gone ; we're in for tho night now," when — how shall I describe what occurred ? lam, of course, supplementing my own re collection with our united ex-posl-faelo com parison of experiences. The first thing that struck us all simultaneously was, the sensa tion of an intensely cold draught of air — so wo should have termed it under ordinary circumstances — rather let mo say, a violent cold wind, which chilled us all to the mar row, making our flesh creep and our teeth chatter. Something did, I know.) Unlike ordinary draughts, however, this came with sufficient force to Mow wide tho door of the back parlor, which had prc- viously stood half, or perhaps three-quar ters, open, with a bang. It was a deep house, though narrow, and the hack-parlor door was therefore quito out in the darkness ; so after a preliminary start, to which none of us need have been ashamed to plead guilty, wo sat straining our eyes into the glooni to see what was coming next. One of tho trio very feebly remarked that the ghost nmst ho the spirit of a departed Esquimaux, and had brought the north wind with him. It may safely he said that none of the party was in the least degree frightened up to this point. Turn Chester's remark was to tlio purpose : "Somebody has quietly opened a door downstairs, antl let in that draught. Well soon find ont. Hi, Biush !" No need to call Brush. He was wide awako directly tlio back-parlor door opened ; hut to our astonishment, instead of rushing at the door, he bolted hastily from it into the extreme opposite corner of tho room whore we were sitting, and there sat with his face tqriJic wall howling with terror. " WhjjJpPtyisli, old man, what's tho inaEtwf-TAt Tein, Brush; pin 'ein, good dog ! . lint-Brush would not stir. This wa3 not reassuring; for there was nothing mortal, from a tom-cat up to a prize fighter, Brush was not ready to "tackle. I' It certainly startled us, for wo all knew tho old dog's mottle. Even then, however, I do not think anybody was quite thrown off his guard, except possibly the "supers," who had not calculated what might happen so much as we had. Now occurs my great difficulty as a faithful chronicler of my own and the others' experi ences. What followed was instantaneous ; but what was it? Nobody saw anything; and yet everybody was, at ouo and the same moment, conscious that something passed right through the two rooms from the hack to tho front, and out of tho door of tlio front room into the passage. The candle on the tablo was fanned, as by the passage of a person rapidly through the apartment. Tom and myself did not feci the actual contact : but still we tnem tlwt something passed so close to us as to touch us, had the touch been cognisable by tho ordinary senses. Finally, the door of the front room was thrown wide, just as that of . tho back room had been ; after which it closed with a hang, and left us staring at each other in blank and utter amazement. As soon as it had closed, Brush timidly emerged from his corner, buried his nose in between my knees, and, as plainly as he eould without articulate words, besought me to get up and go. awn noooay spoKe. sy common consent wo all rose, took a candle with us right out into the front garden before we extinguished it ; turned our heads towards London, and tacitly agreed to walk home. In plain Eng lish, we had been scared out, like the rest. Wheu we got to the village cliurcb, wo saw that it was not yet a quarter-past twelve. Our ghost experience had been "brief," if not " delightful." The night in the ghoBt-chnmber, properly so called, had been a matter of minutes only. It was not until wo had been toned by a good spurt on tlio road that we found our tongues. AVhcn we did, however, we agreed, . one and all, that 110 imaginable form of horror, no apparition, however hideous, could have so knocked us over as that in visible yet palpable presence of something, that complete evidence of personality un accompanied by any of those appeals to sense or sight by which, in our present con. ilition, and under ordinary circumstances. such personality is proved. Even Brush, who usually " rampaged" about the roads during anything like a nocturnal ramble, ex pressed liis sympathy by dangling close to our lieels. It would have been interesting if he could have found tongue to tell us what was the impression made 011 his senses l>y his night in a ghost-chamber. There was, I remember, a remarkablo agreement amongst us 011 the subject of not breaking up our party when we readied my lodging, deep in the small hours of Sunday morning. AVe decided not to go home "till daylight did appear." In plain words, we had all of lis been frightened — by nothing. I have not tho slightest explanation to offer of this circumstance. I can only say we are none of us anxious to sit again ; and Tom Chester has decided not to hire the villa for dark simires. It is a pity, perhaps, to spoil a good ghost-story by anything like an anti-climax ; hut tho practical man who got the key for 11s never passes any of 11s in the street without expressing the tonderest re gard for our salubrity, and a fervent hope we will not endanger our health, or our nerves, by sitting in a thorough draught. 