THEM. .1 fvi«f i I V? IB ® DOCiUrnni rlww,T I Who flre ,t y„ ifiieif upon those whose busi- pefpetuM fo,;C0 oeeB them to pass through P ot cariosity tbe hour8 Bt which the Zw TJlZe m their beds. At eey „„ertlitJ r"rifini»ht and morning my»- f«r >i(l,,ee„fhe great total ot the population ?«»« U i !ritb or eeen, and though those who I»wbeu rfl be able to nightlv recogniee old $» tbTranto of the fraternity are heiilie'/ ;' forced by atraugere, who appear Ltently ".'"J?. ,ud disappear again-where for « eeeret, though where they oome W8?- .Sally pretty eiwi y aeoertomed. !<?» of boianity who lire all night The olB fa 0 the city are no doubt in tbe 8lr®etfltbree classes, one division being comp080 ? have homes to go to, but whose Tftgrants wh0 b oufc of them, it being their business heopa fe out for whatever plunder up amoog the drunken fools who Wl the streets with money in their persmbulate anotbet section of the wan- pockets. Tberd the city who are out from derers up and a off thjm the foxe| tfaat r»birds of the air tbat have have holes, division is composed of the pro. BMt8, 1 lnafurs who. according to their stories of feMi0D(- i Hve on an average of about three or etarvation, ek and nearly every one of f0Ur wve " iuet heen discharged from the Mel- uae J j( Thifl latfcer clagB are nofc 80 burD.e , P f heV were a few years ago, tfowmneUy «»o may be met with » th? ureal of " suffering, want, with WJ tongue, and the inevitable ilTtieket in hi. pocket. It will generally be r S that there is a serious discrepancy between S n the document and the Tjgranf. vol- Thi« discharge from the institution; and it n0DhafctldB difficulty has led to the aban- fy lf nfthat. particular dodge. There is not difficulty, however, in deoiding between the ilSrowlerandthe bond fide destitute Sough now and then a specimen is encountered Sum realities are enveloped in impenetrable ob- fcv It is impossible to determine whether S „ object of charity or a deter impostor, and itafmlv way to settle the question satisfactorily Kliw him the benefit of the doubt, and Lolv him with the wherewithal to " pay | for bis sapper." There is an uncomfort- | «ble idea that, by doing otherwise, you may hare sn unfortunate all night with ail empty itomacb, after his having been in that condition for periods varying from twelve to twenty-four ®r forty-eight hours, and rather than risk it you part with the silver. . „ A few evenings since a voice from the porch of Dr. Wilkie's house, in Collins street, said, "An old veteran like me is not particular. The remark was made to a person who then left, and gave place to another. The tone of the voice was such as to suggest that it belonged to a gentleman, and a brief interview proved that the surmise was correct. The " old veteian," like the ghost in the play, was " in' his habit as he lived," with the exception that be had taken his old boots off, and os the remark being made that it was rather hwd lines to have to sleep in a doorway, he re plied, "You kuow, but, that old dogs do not mind bird reads, and an old soldier does not mind a hard bed." This led to a short story of his life, in which he told of having held a commission in the 16th HusBara. How he sold out for a con siderable amount, and came nut here nearly smarter of a century ago, and lost all his money. Es told seme stories of Prinoe George of Cam bridge. : Colonel Gordon, and military life in Dublin nearly fifty years ago, and wound up by a pathetic account of the cir- oumstances which immediately led to his camp — i.L. 3 - J. # 1% TVTMf 9 ? J iug uu me uoorabep oi jjr. wilKie e residence- i He had been " earning a living for some years" I at W- — , not far from Melbourne, and a lady bad died there the day before who had " always 1 been kind" to him. In fact, " she behaved like a mother or a sister" to him, and he left and came to Melbourne to " get away from the place till I the funeral was over She was the only friend be had had for along time, and he did not know j whether he would go back again now she was gone.' He was asked her name, and he gave I that of Mrs. - — . Curiosity prompted a look at the papers in the morning, and the death was there right enough, together with tjj6 'fijidence of the lady, as given by he old man. " I am seventy ' years old, Mr; and ' it is, as you say, rather hard that j y white head Bhould be exposed to the winds : Heaven, as it is to-night. I am no beggar, sir," aecontmued when money was offered, "but I will in i , hveakfaBt in the morning, and as it is T6 no to get a bed, I'll walk about till the Hiud v6li. " veteran" said good night, itrsAi vu !? RB( .wad away down Collins iom« «!! .a ,m 8teP» possibly relieved of '! f a, morning'e meal, though it CMjij . . ? happened that the assistance which oerhnno ere(. htm waB but trifling. He was canm exf ®Pional Bample of the people who 'he h8art 01 th« city; but others ateiftmau11101? c?ri0us an sensational histories to tbe rwiiA168 meb' an there are men now Personal Sd positions who could give neot rB their experiences with f Melbour Unea8ant phase of the night side 