example, ware condemned after- a certain tenure of offioe to pass a proportional time in Pnntonville Penitentiary. Left there to himself with nothing but bread and water, with all distracting books, auoh aa Homer or treat foes of controversial theology, oarefully pat ont of his way, he might doubtless issue from bis confinement a wiser and a eadder . man. A little communing with the eternal ail'nofts would teach him . eome lessons differing from those which are generally enforced by the ' hear, hear,' of the Hou-e of Commons. And it may be added thatour ft resent system of keeping holidays is very ittle calculated to promote suoh fruitful meditations. Nine men out of ten at the present day complain of being over-worked ; a complaint to which it is well to liaten in most cases with a sceptical ear. Overwork is generally a polite synonym for being bored. A man is weary, not from excessive application, but from want of interest in his work. A holiday, therefore, means an opportunity for detraction, or in other words for discharging the pent-up energises which have been accumulating during the time of elaborate idleness, misoalled labour. The more active-minded, seize the oocasion for riding some favourite hobby with new zeal ; and even tbe more frivolous seek for the excitement derivable from sight-seeing or orowds. A large number of persons, it is credibly supposed, will spend their holiday this summer in walking the treadmill of a universal exhibition in a capital city. Holi days spent in this fashion are certainly not likely to bring with them any deeper insight into the conditions of our own existence. Rither the cage is likely to be inverted, and business hours are likely to be spent in reflecting on the extrome absurdity of our leisure occupations. Were men rea'.ly in searoh of the calming influences of a holiday, they would make their retreat elsewhere. Tbey would Scatter as widely as possible, instead of herding together in migratory droves. They would seriously study the neglected art of doing nothing. Persons who feel this eccentric desire for solitude may easily gratify their propensities. The heat of all retreats is of course to be found in Londop. A Sunday walk in the city pro duces a sense of utter retirement far more than the wildest moor ; and there is no better plnoe for calm neditation than the deserted smoking-room of a club in the dead season. The absence of the ordinary life in such places becomes a positive instead of a merely negative element. You feel yourself to be not merely alune but deserted, and con sequently are not only - at liberty to moralize if you please, but are compelled to moralize whether you like it or not. If a member of parliament oould secure the key of the Houbb of Commons and look upon the empty benohes from the Speaker's chair for a couple of hours daily during the receBs, he would be qualiGed at the end of it to preach a moving course of sermons on the everlasting text, vanity of vanities. The old ghosts of dead politicians would sit with him, not as they appear when invoked by some orator appealing to the glories Of the light. Patients are sent to breathe sir of pine wooda or of mountain heather; why should not those who are suffering from the moral diseases engendered by too much intercourse with the worM try the effect of the strange aroma whioh lingers in plaoes conseorated by old associations ? The advantages, whatever they may be, produced by temporary retirement from our ordinary selves are indeed counterbalanced by very considerable evils. Few people are really qualified to turn suoh opportunities to good aooouut. Repentance is an exoellent thing when it leads to action, hnt if it means a simple disposition *to kiok against the inevitable, it is a very questionable frame of mind. When a man ia onoe fixed in a groove, the best thing that he can do, if ninety-nine oases out of a hundred, is to stay in it. Why, then, should he cultivate fancies whioh are only likely to make him discon tented f A Roland for an Oliver. — A oorres pondent of the K -lnisohe Z*itung tells the following good story: — An elegant-dressed lady, well provided with luggage, but with out aa attendant, alighted a'few days ago at one bf the most fashionable hotels in Vienna. 'There was something aristooratio and res pect- inspiring in the appearanoe of the lady, and, as the Bonifaoe peroeived from the address on her luggage, she came from France. She engaged a pretty chamber looking on the street, and made her arrange ments as if intending to remain a consider able time at the hotel. 8he spent the greater part of the day in walking out, and went almost every -evening to the theatre, appear ing to especially prefer ' first nights.1 Io the theatre, however, she appeared to pay hardly any attention to the pieoe, but direoted her gaze constantly on the audience as if in search of eome one. Sometimes a bright blush would overspread her lovely face, as if she had . perceived the ohjeot'.of her search ; but immediately disappointment would fall like a cloud upoo her brow. It was toot - long before the lady, who always sat solitary io the box, attracted ths atten tion of- the local aristocrats,' and many were the' attempts to1 gain 'information cota oeming the lovely 'foreigher. Butrtjiiets and billets-doux she rejected; and her large blue eyes gazed coldly 'on the taiost glowing' of ' heradmfrer*. At the hotel the Bolitary lady' generally satat a 1 table Whgre htf'&ie; ejse ' hHd ta&ttf; a .plide1, .and 'all atteypt^todis \- oarer tier riatne^oir ?' mate her acquaintance wefA (equally Vaid.'; ' 'Atlength one evening; . j ust'afe die Franimmnfas - '«)» ' *aV generally ' Called at the hotel, had taken her place 'at the diningftahle, a gentleman welt-known' in ' thfe aristooratio world- entered, : and his' ~appearfcno& seemed to make a deep impres sion on the fofreijjnbeanty. She: blushed, fidgeted, and gazed at'^hfl jafew comer wi{h admiring, almost entreating, -eye, eo that the gentleman, who perceived all thia, and felt , himself ''hi little Battered thereby, ' tookN a' seat «t the 'tadyV table. A: 'conversation easaed,' tft first on' passing events; hut as they came to- apeakof ' beloved Pari*,' the \- t£te*4't£te grew more tender, and at' length 1 \- the -gentleman fonnd himself possessed of a pretty' white r hand. And,' wonderful to relato, 4h& proud lady who had 'hitherto -? rejected all %4 varices did not withdraw her -(iand fforiWs/' Tenderer and tenderer grew the conversation, till at length the gentleman ?? took' hi* leaved with' a hifeh- bpaiing heart *nd*propile« of an interview on tbe follow^ ing 'day, in the lady's bCf at 'the theatre., ? Hm we appointment wire and th» pair breathe familiar, till the ladjr at length' ~oocfcts*d/efter Linfrhmtatiohi tKktWie iru ^'-^IslpWI^flilit tf-iuta/'inid tbatehe had IS CCl'fcii. ?» '? . pressing need of 100,000 franos to free herself from the persecution of her creditors. 0 sorrowful conclusion to ench a beautiful commenced idyl! 8till the'devotee bot me, if possible, more devoted by the lady's sorrowful tale than before It was true that 100,000 francs was rather a stiff sum, especially aa he had lately lost a good , amount on 'change ; still he promised his '| fair friend to do what he oould, and she rewarded him with a pressure of the hand, which was more expressive than words. With great difficulty he obtained the sum, and with glowing oounteoanoe entered the lady's chamber. He banded her the money, whioh she — suddenly grown cold and proud — counted parefully, and then placed in a portfolio. The lover now seized, raptur ously, the fair one's hands ; but she imme diately pulled the bell, and handed the Cavalier — a promissory-note. ' Sir, there is your note. Four years ago you borrowed one hundred thousand francs from my husband, left him that— and bolted. Hear ing lately, tnon eher that you were in Vienna. 1 determined to seek you out,- and try if I couldn't manage to get payment of the debt. Tou have the note — I have the money ; we are quits.' , She turned to the waiter, how had just entered : ' Get ready my luggage, je trfen wis.' Disoraoeful Behaviour of Volunteers. — An extraordinary oase — Grove v. Keat ing — has hann tried at the S -meraet assizes. The plaintiff was proprietor of the Royal Lion Hotel at Lyme Regis, Dorset, nnd the defendant the adjutant of a brigade of artillery volunteers in Devonshire. In August last year several artillery corps of D*von and Devonshire were hrigaded at an enoampment at Colway Down, near Lyme. Tbe defendant wns adjutant of tlin brigade, and it was alleged for the plaintiff that de fendant made an arrangement with him to provide rations snd to open a canteen for the men. Plaintiff provided a tent seventy-five yards in length and stored underneath it many hogsheads of beer, and a great quan tity of wine and spirits in bottle and other wise, besides a deal of glass and crockery. He also undertook to find straw for the men to sleep upon. The last corps to arrive upon the ground were the Topsham men, and it seetna that when they retired to their tents there was no straw left for them to lie upon. They oomplained to the adjutant (the defendant), nnd he rode down to the canteen in a great rage and abused the plaintiff, calling him swine, thief, and hlaok guard, and telling him that if he had been in the army he would ' h.ing him up that very night.' He also called plaintiff a rogue and a sooundrel, and turning round to some volunteers said that if he were they he would throw the canteen into the road. As he rode away he said he had a great mind to bring the men round and pull the ? - tent down. Counsel for the plaintiff said he should be able to call witnesses who would prove that upon complaint being made by some of the Topsham men, defendant told them to go and ' pull the — old canteen down.' Away the men rushed, and set to work cutting the ropas, and in less than five minutes the whole thing was pulled down to the ground. It came crashing down upnn the beer. There were five or six hogsheads of beer overset, and the glasses and bottles were smashed. The men proceeded im mediately to pull the taps off the beer barrels and to carry away the beer in buckets, and the scene of confusion that ensued it was impossible to desoribe. There were from two hundred to three- hundred men on the spot, and they began to throw bottles at the head of the plaintiff's nephew, who was in charge, and the waiters, and some of them ran away with the bisouits arid some with beer in buokets, and the damage done was very considerable indeed. The aotion was brought to recover the amount of the damage sustained, which was set down at £66. For the defenoe, wit nesses were called who contradicted a good deal of the evidence. Mr. Justice Grove summed up to the jury, and dwelt speoialty upon the two questions— Captain Keating having ordered the tent to be pulled down, as admitted, what was the damage done by that ? and, secondly, was there any abso lutely binding bargain or agreement between the parties , that, in consideration of the plaintiff being allowed to re-ereot his tent and continue doing his business there as a victualler for the remaining time for which he had a license, all olaims on his part for damages were to be withdrawn, and ' by gones were to be bygones.' The jury, returned a verdiot for the plaintiff — damagea £20. Naval Offiobrs of Former Days.— We do not forget the Benbows of. history. In their own persons they were plucky, hardy sea-dogs. . But their lack of superior intel ligence and commanding minds made them indifferent leaders of men. Benbow himself, in his own unassisted flagship, threshed Du Oasse's fleet ; but eo little was the rude old sea-dog respected by hie captains that only one emulated his example, That five cap tains bad to -be tried by court-martial and -three pf v them, shot, was a disgrace which we owe, in some sense, to the lack of cul tured power in this prioce of sea-dogs. We do, not undervalue that .portion of 'technical skill which has c^ine to be misoalled 'sea- manship,' jfmt if .that was the .only, or the principal requirpqaent of ,a,.Britiah admiral, .naval commands .might pa mora ;(the{iply filled 'by channel pilots and .boatswain?. Thfese were not the mep whft.,b|iiltup : the naval power o£'$ajjlaod. B'&fci;, w.JO jfirjit tAugbt the : navy not to^ fear stone walls, buf to ,r despise those rul^a 'wjrich hiad been ^-ng. in praotioe & keep ships and men out. of. danger, which had been held iij former times a point of great ability and ciroumspeotion,' ' had lived half a ofentury and won a -plaoe in I history ere lie served aflVat. . Rapert, the j dashing civalry officer, performed his deed of naval daring after long years of chival rous fame in milita-y sbrvi es at home and j abroad. Monk, ' who thrashed the Dutch ! fleet, which, thed' threatened . the maritime - existence of England, . was a general of dis- ! tinotioh. STaines, Duke of York, whose ! tadtiot and evolutionary .signals governed ihe ' fleet for nearly two centuries, was a soldier. ? Nelson and' Ojllingwood irere 'something j more than mere 'teamen — m-;n of intellec- 1 tual culture, superior to their 'day. Lord LyonB .was an old diplomatist, and Henry j Dundas would not have escaped the action, of : the late retirement schemes ; whilst if at. any time since the &issiaA; 'war this island had been c*tfed upon' to co&teat; its national existence the oSLbst to ♦hom the coaniiy; abd^he p'rofeSfiod Would with bne voice have cm trusted its hunoti' 1and its Safety would hit via Been Astouid from tibttifc lUSf^doMa'mbbr LigaA a. if,-; -: whose fame lie* outside mere pMfe&ional; routine.— Naval Science. Canine SAOAorrr.- — A remarkable instance of canine eagacity is reported by the Ellen ville (New York) Press. About three weeks at fo Mr. Eoderby of Napanoch was engaged , in transacting business in that village, and j left his horse attached to a chaise tied under a shed. Remaining with the horse was a faithful, coaoh-dog, who took advantage of his master'* absence to enjoy a hurried nap in the vehicle. In the meantime the horse - somehow became untied, and atarted off at a furious gallop. This awakened the dog, who, at once seeing the state of effairs, attempted to seize the reins with his mouth, but was unable to do eo owing to their being covered by a rug and overooat. Fortunately, however, on reaching Centre-street bridge, the reins fell from the vehicle on to tbe ground, -when the dog, with singular pre sence of mind, leaped nimbly after them, oaught tbem in his month, reined the horse to a stand-still, and held the reins firmly until he delivered them with a graceful wag of the tail to a stranger, whom, under ordinary circumstances, he would not have permitted on any acoount to approach his master's property. Attempt to Kill Father Gavazzi. — The Swiss Times reports that Father Gavazzi was preaching on the suppression of religi ous corporations on Tuesday evening when two men, one of them a tailor from Faenza, thirty years of age, and the other a Roman student, eighteen years of age, were dis covered in the act of firing a large homb shnll full of powder and iron on th» door of the evangnlical ohapel in Via dnl Corallo. The two miscreants, taken in the ant bv the guards of the Q'lestura, were arrested be fore they could accomplish th'-ir infernal design. It was indeed most fortunate the bomb did not explode, or it rau«t have caused great damage, the room boincrfoll of penpln. The arrestnd men wore immediately given up to the Procuratore del Re, to whom also was delivered the . sequestered horab. The , above-mentioned student he.d been arrosted before for injuries to the arms of Sivoy and for having taken part in a demonstra tion on the death of a Pnntifioal gondarm». The Latest Telegraph Story. — The most curious fact, taken altogether, that we have heard of the eleotric telegraph, was told hv a cashier of the Bank of England. One Saturday night' the folks at the bank cinld not make the balance oome right by £100. This was a serious matter in that little establishment; not the aash, of course, but the mistake in the arithmetic, for it occasions a world of scrutiny. An error in balancing has been known to kenp a whole delegation of clerks from each office at work sometimes through the whole night. A hue nnd cry was of course made after this £100, as if the old lady of Threatneedle etreet would be bankrupt without if. Luckily on Sunday morning, a clerk felt a suspicion of the truth dart through his mind quioker than any flash of the telegraph itself. He told the chief cashier on Monday morning that perhaps the mistake might have oc curred in packing eome boxes of specie for the West Indies, which had been sent to Southampton for shipment. The suggestion was immediately acted UDon. Here was a raoe, lightning against steam, with eight and-forty hours start given. Instantly the wires asked ' wheth# such a vessel bad left the harbour.' 'Just weighing anchor,' was the answer. 'Stop her!' frantioally shouted the electrio telegraph. It was done. ' Have up on deck certain boxes marked so and so ; weigh them oarefully.' They were weighed, and one— the delinquent— was found to be. just one packet of a hundred sovereigns heavier than it ought to he. ' Let her go,' said the mysterious tele .gruph. The West India folks were debited with £100 more, and the error was corrected without ever looking into the hoxeB, or de laying the voyage an hour. Now that was doing business. The Revision of the Bible. — The Rev. Dr. Angus, member of the New Testament revision committee, has stated that the work of revising tho New Testament will be com pleted in seven years, and the Old Testament in twelve years, if the oommittees oontinue, aB at present, to devote forty days a-year to the work. The Americans had also appointed two.committes to whom the English work was referred for suggestion. The completed work would therefore represent the united scholarship of the Eiglish-speaking people. An Imprudent Defenoe. — Rarely does public sympathy incline towards the treasury when a surcharge on succession duty is en forced ; but a case has j ust occurred in whioh all would applaud the treasury's action. William May, a wealthy farmer in North Cornwall, was recently summoned by tbe poor-law guardians to support his aged mother, an inmate of the workhouse. The hard-hearted fellow pleaded his own illegiti macy, and putting his widowed mother in the witness-box, made her pnblioly confess that he was born before she married his father. The magistrates on this ground were obliged to dismiss the summons; and during the examination he -was asked whether, he inherited his ancle's property. JELe paid legaoy-duty as his nephew.; hut refused to .answer* Mr. 'MotVison, M P., reading, jha -report of ? -the oase, put the treasury on- the; soent, and ;they 'have pur-' phar^ed iMay -on/the, diffarenoe between tbe three per- eepV.he pii l ns ' nephew and the ,160 per,C9ut. dn.e ,a8 etranger, with- interest - sinoe l85fi. , ? 'A \- N.E w G-43* r-tt.' i® stated that a. hew gas has disco, vaffpd by Mr. J. GjuLitmtth RolU, of -Fort Natal. ? Xt is tnade from the juice of thf t Euphorbia. . The first oke to whioh this' juice was applied by Mr.iRolls was ia,the preservation of.,iroa ships from the oorrodiog effeots . of- sea-water. : Mr. Jt'ills has, however, applied -this- juice of die Euphorbia in the preparation of gas for illuminating purposes.. . Taere is no fire required . for, producing the gas, for it is generated .by the mixture of the Euphorbia juice,,. jn a gla«s ..vessel with certain other materials, the exact nature of. whioh is for the present kept secret. From this generator the gas is conveyed by a pipe iuto the receiver or gasometer, whioh is a cylinder closed 'at the .top, and so suspended, by, weights puMog over -pulleys, as to ^-ise out . pf the vessel ft led with water, in whioh its ! month is iinoiersed ? as the. gas is adn^ittod . Beneath it, and to sink and -deliver a. s'ijiplyi of gas ^hen an„ outlet, is provided. It ! jroutd supply gas' at the price of .threepence for .one light, for. two or three hours a d ay! i'fot f fortnight,. . for.ma^rials^oae.i Fi ,j Tffp jOp$xpoAij Goiiotixio* of,ihb PaoxsEB -flii . tjtlpi of3jthgsJfffc 'Sfc Msti .«f oent^as papers, aad the great leeson this list teaohes (remarks the Melbourne Telegraph) ' is that bachelors must ' hurry np.' They have no time to lose. The preponderance of men eligible for matrimony in Victoria over that of ladies who have not yet been ab-' sorbed into the honourable estate continues to be something fearful. The males linger ing in misery, Mr. Archer assures us, number 106.085. while only 5'. 750 of the softer sex are dwelling ' in maiden medita- ? tion, (anoy free.' The proportion is two . bachelor candidates for the hand of one ; spinster; and under suoh circumstances, if a man hesitates to pluck his rose, why it must he snatched from him in. no time. An analysis of the figures only, makes the con dition of the unmarried man moradesperate, for between the critioal ages twenty and forty, the bachelors number 92,200, and the spinsters 22,750. Four suitors and more must be kneeling at the same shrine. Nothing can be more delicious for tbe ladies ; but it is to be noted that they are equally lucky in all parts of the colony. About Melbourne the proportion is five bachelors to two spinsters; in Normanby the sexes are equal ; while the lonely Loddon is the match-tnuking. mothers' para dise, for there are 12,454 single men resident in the district, and only 3J20 unmarried females. Greville also demands considera tion, with 3127 bachelors and 105 young ladies ; and one would feel reluctance to a'tand a hall in Talbot, considering that 5929 bachelors would have to dance attend ance on 256 blushing damsels. If the strong - minded nnd elderly spinsters o! England catch sight of these facts and fisfiires, there will he a dnnger of their packing off at once to fulfil woman's mission in the colonic. JuDAS IscarIOT.— An advertisement ap pears in the New York Herald, offering for sale, for 3000 dollars, a phekel supposed to have belonged to Judas I«cariot. A Heavy Sentence for Contempt of Court. — On March 29 Judge Lawson, on taking his seat in the crown court at county Antrim assizes at Belfast, called on Mr. Mac Alnese, the registered proprietor of the Ulster Examiner and Northern Star. His Lordship then proceeded to pass judgment with regard to the contempt of court com mitted by the publication in that journal of two articles in referenoe to the sentence passed on a couple of Roman Catholic rioters. He ordered Mr. MaoAleese to pay a fine of £250, and be imprisoned for four months. Explosion at Kandy. — An alarm was given on Sunday evening (says the Ceylon Observer, of 29th April) that a number of shops and boutiques in Colombo-street took fire, and great damage was the result. The congregation at St. Paul's were just leaving the church, when two heavy shocks were heard, and a large quantity of splinters, materials of houses, &o.;, were seen hurled overhead. Orowds rushed in the direotion of the bazaar, and Sinne Lebbe Sesma L^bhe's large shop was seen in flames. Prompt measures were taken by the military and the polioe to get up the fire-ongines, and by seven o'olook the progress of the fire was arrested. I saw several men seriously in jured, one almost being flaved alive. The shops at the corner of Trinoomalee-street were completely destroyed. How the fire commenced has not yet transpired, but I shall be able to give you fuller details in the course of the day. Large quantities of gun powder were stored in their boutiques, in some plaoes buried underground, and the explosion was terrible. The officers of the garrison, the 73rd, the rifles, the police, all turned out and did their best to check the conflagration. Bugles were sounded over the town and sentries placed at the scene of the fire to prevent robberies. The damage occasioned was of a very grave nature. Nine shops haVe been more or less injured by. the explosion of gunpowder, and half of SeBma Lebbe's shop completely burned. Up to the time of writing twelve bodies have been discovered; and searoh is being made for others nnder the ruins. Over-Study. — Mr. William Henry Prid den, a well- dreBsed young man, residing at Royal Avenue, Chelsea,' and described as a student, was charged at Bow-street, on April 16, before Mr. Vaughan, with attempt ing to oommit suioide, under the following remarkable circumstances: — Alfred Carter deposed : I am assistant to Mr. Whistler, gunsmith, at 11, Strand; last evening de fendant came into the shop and asked to look at some saloon pistols ; some were shown him, and he selected one, and then asked to see the size of tbe cartridges ; on their being shown to him also, he took, np one, which- he inserted in the pistol ; I told him to be careful not to break the window glass.; he. then suddenly pointed the pistol to his forehead and pulled the trigger ; the cartridge had, however, fallen out of the pistol on to the floor, and the pistol conse quently missed- fire ; tbe defendant then dashed the pistol down on the counter with an oath,' and rushed from the -shop'; had the cartridge remaioed-in the pistol, -it certainly iwou Id have exploded ; I firmly believe be intended to take his life ; hie was perfectly sober, -and spoke rationally -; it is not unu sual fur purchasers to fit a cartridge ; Police aoBstahle Parker,' 600 A, apprehended the defendant.— A gentleman iu court, who said he- was. a friend of the defendant, produced' a medical certificate showing that his mind hail beea temporarily afleoted by^oter-study. .The medioal gentleman himself -was not pre-* ?ent in court, -but would attend if ' his ?ror :ship desired ik. -oOther friends and relatives of. ihe defendant were in- attendance, and begged that he'should he- given up to them, and promised 'that he should be placed under proper restraint until he recovered; At pre sent he: was not in a condition - to '-take care pf himself .. Mr. Vaughan said- that siqae friends of the defendant undertook; his Safe custody he would allow him to be given up to them.- - The defendant -was accordingly Aischsrged. The Povsarr and Misery of a Wealthy Oity. — A Liverpool philanthropist (says the, Albion), Mr. Simpson, who takes a keen interest in the labouring poor, has lately instituted eome inquiries among the seams tresses, and the result is startling. -The best I paid' among them are tlie cloak-makers, and ! yet the wages of such a-one for a day'e work 1 of twelve hours is oilly twelve shillings per week. For plain machioe^cewing the pay is ' but seven shillings per week foi- s day's Work of elfven honra. .. A setmstreee making boy's 1 jackets receives five pence for four Of thettt, ; which ive good'hal tally's work. ' One old ' woman, ofitt-.- years': practice,' 6arhff one titling and sixpense in five day**- ? And AM ^»thOT jtiU ;a-ow ^^-rti-fll/ remunerated. The prioe for making three dozen of men's pants is three shillings. By working rapidly for eighteen hours, halfa dozen may be finished in one day. In reply to Mr. Simpson, one Of these unfortunate pantaloon-makers stated that she had to furnish the silk and thread herself. Another seamstress, who sews lin-- n-coffn, earns fivepence per day in ten hours' work. A correspondent of the Liverpool Albion con firms, from personal investigation, these statements, nnd adds a description of the places in which many of these working women labour. In a cellar, eighteen feet wide, nine feet under ground, he found five machines and eleven people at work. This is the . way in ' whioh many feeble women live ' in 'Liverpool, one of the wealthiest cities on earth. Practical, if not . Right. — A poet asks, ' Where are the dead, the vanished dead, that trod the earth that we now tread ?' If we werg to make a random guess, we should say the most of them are buried— though this may not be the right answer. The Lady of Twelve Dozen Hand kerchiefs. — When Trollope, in one of his novels, spoke of a bride having twelve dozen pockethandkercbiefs, he considered he had reached the verge of probability. But Miss Roth'child.- who a few weeks ago beoame Mrs. E. Yorke, did not confine herself to handkerchiefs in dozen dozens. The Bond street milliner to whom the order of the trousseau was giv«n, had instructions to nrovide tw«Ue doz'n of every aficle which it was within the bmind* of possibility for h 'adv to require. P^n and powers fail to nourtray th» piles of dresses, mantles, linen, lace, shoes, which were »o m-ik'f n[» the 'rniisspHii. The cost happi'v cnncrned only '?te Rothsc'iii'ds but it mnst, have bean con sid'Tiihie, for for one of tljpse pv»ning dressss a'on° would be required fil'tv yards of silk. is life — in Tjindon. The voting ludv for whom nil this mass of fiierv was pro vided was the last person who would have boan erpec'ed to indulge in it. She it was who with her sister completed shout two vears npo a translation of the O'd Tes'ament Scripture5, but which was printed nn'y for private circulation. It 'was the work of several years, during which time tbe, trans latnrs almost altogether eschewed fashionable life — Belfast News Letter. A Story with a Moral. — The Flie gende Blatten (Munich), has tbe following anousiriu satire on the position of promoters, directors, and shareholders, of limited liability companies : — Jack : I say, Jim, let's form a limited oompany for the acquisition apd utilisation of a cigar. Half the capital is subscribed already— here's a pennv ! Jim: All tight, Jack. The remainder of the shares are taken. — Jsok buys tbe cigar, and puffs away at it. Jim : Now then, Jack, let me have my pull at it! Jaok: Don't be in a hurry for that. Didn't T propose the specula tion, my lad J I'm the projector and director. T manage and work tbe concern, f smoke. You are the shareholder ; if you think I get too much of a pull ont of it, do the coughing and spitting if you like — I don't mind. New Kind of Vaccination. — A contem porary desoribes how ' a young man who thinks he has a fine tenor voioe was vacci nated with a briokbat by a sleepless neigh bour one night last week,' We clip from the European Mail the fol lowing account of the execution of a parri cide : — Guvard, the young murderer, who lulled his fa'her in order to become the sole son of a widow nnd thereby escape military liability, has been executed at Lacon, France. Up. to the last he was in hopes of a commutation, at the same time stating that if the sentence were carried out he he would astonish the executioner and all by his resignation and composure. After dressing on the fatal morning he attended divine service for his mother, wife, and child, the two latter of' whom died since the orime. After the usual toilette he marohed from the prison to the scaffold with the most unprecedented calmness, and made the executioner's work so comparatively pleasant that monsieur, an old hand at it, said he never had each a well-behaved patient. The wretched man was barefooted. While under the scaff-ild, with a black cap drawn over his face and a white shirt over bis dress the sentenoe of death was once more read to him. He then kissed the crucifix and bade all those present farewell, expressing his hopes that he should not ' land in hell ' on arrival. In less than one minute the aveng ing blade .fell. Josh Billings says love;is ' an honourable diseaze enuff tew- have, beoauae it iB natural, but enny phellow who has laid sick with it for seven long years, after he gits over it feels something like the phellow who has fell down on. the ice., when it is very wet — he don't feel like talking about it before folks.' Antic;patjug the death of Brigham Young, a Louisville merchant wants the contract to supply his family with, crape and bombazine. A certain French duchess, a. most excel lent Oitbplic of the ei^hteenth century, used to believe that she scrupulously observed the ordinandi bf Lont by making her ser vants fast. John Grajreiger of Louisville,' says a pftper' published in that'eiiy, '' took do»;u an old tnufeket uml ehot at a turkey. The charge want r»t.t at the ' wrong end of tlie Kin, and Mr. -Jffttreiger Was swept up on n dust-pan.' ? . HOLIIMYS. (Tram the Saturday Review J | Theee is a certain trite old story, which is indeed so trite that we are half Hshamed to allude to it about a king and a philosopher. It should te esteemed as great an offence in literature to bring up worn-out aneodotes as in society to wear worn-out clothes. Tha German who evolves things out of bis con sciousness, the notorious New Zaalander, and the Indian who asked what the tortoise stood upon, should be abolished by Aot of parlia ment. We will therefore indicate the anecdote in question only Jn. a circuitous manner,, ,by eaying tbat it is intended to illustrate the folly by aot taking a holiday at onoe, instead of wasting your life in qualify ing yourself . for a holiday. .Englishmen are apt to complain, or rather to boast, nnder the form ofcomplaiot, that they am inoapable itf taking this pieoe of advice. They labour from youth to old age without once fairly getting oat of . the traces, and ' asking themselves plainly whether their life' is, on the . whole, worth leading. Would it be really better if t they -^id ? ;M-pt people would of course reply, when the question is stated in this way, that it certainly Would be better. .They would point to the . innumer able cases of men who are killing, themselves hy inches in the effort, to rise one. step in the ladder when they are already, perfectly comfortable. Thousands of people might be enjoying reaepns'.ile livps, with opportunities for self-culture, for aooial enjoyment,' and for charitable effort, whqse whole energy is absorbed in the desperate atruggle to add superfluities to comforts. They, are ; well ; tbey would be better; and they get'a soften- ing of the brain. That is the history of many wasted lives. Things might be changed if only people, would systematically stop aside from themselves at stated intervals and m^ke a careful valuation .of ; their existence. Probably most men can , .recall certain moments at which auoha new light has Bashed upon them. They have ifelt a shock such as comes across us whim we aocidently catch sight pf ourselves ,(n an unexpected mirror, .and, mistaking our own image for somebody else, excltim frankly, ' what an ill looking fellow tbat is! '. The mirror may be for-ned out of- a, benevolent retrospect, or Jt may be constructed out of onr own imaginations. Hermits who .retired to the deserts in old days were haunted by strange phantoms, and probably thestvangest and most instructive of appantipns wet* their own doubles. . It ia worth while, so it is suggested, thai jire, should psriodio^Hy retfM to sjaph dewsrti as Jie within a day's jojirney from^ Oharing-cross to. have a ahaws of a piqiilar vision. Siting Via spLUtde,: kpart from, the nmse pf,parriages and the gossip #IWI fiftrhapt oatph sight of a familiar; and yet, a startling Yfe ahajl, Jt may be. m* acridly Bophistiaued figars, raffed, by unhealthy toil, in an rnioongsmal ^tmosphete, cramped by the artificial dress whiph has , become a kind of aeopnd akin, and abal|,be sb«nlrad to discover that the ugly object nothing but a fajfhfulcwpy of ourselves. The patriotic minister will be revealed pf hitqsalf as the date- serving ; demagogue, . ; the: eloquent preacher as a mere mass of. onatuQus eenti BMuitalism ; sad half the' world would AiiAnvar Ihafc in Ana ma« a^UL. rTTT™' - wr» w ir wm» aroppiDg the sabttaooe in pnngU !Pf the shsdow. Would aot euch.revelstioas Oeptoin some highly oseful, though veiy bitter lessons? and should we not all some back wiser and better men from .onr Sampprary retreat? Holidays ,sb' mployadi- would qMsdUy jraise the .tone of fftfety, . a»d dispNse half ..the, shams, 1 y whish JShers 