WINDO W-BRE AKING EXTRA-' ORDINARY. MYSTERIOUS OUTRAGE AT BALLARAT EAST. Windows Broken by Beme Unseen Hand.— Ghosts suggested, bat the Suggestion Laughed at. . . About seven or eight o'clock on Saturday" ' oveiing a bntcker named- Ponhalluriack, re siding in King street, Melbourne j-oad, went to the Eastern Btation and informed Sergeant jjirncr mat an ttte winaows m Ins house were being smashed ia by some mysterious agency ; that up to that time Twenty-three Banes were Broken, and, although himaolf and many of bis neigh bors bad been on the watch, they had beon nnable to discover tho perpetrator of the outrage. What made the occurrence tho ; more alarming was that His Wife Lay 111 in Bod, having been confined only a day or two - since. Constable Smith was immediately dispatched to the honse,. whore ho found matters as described by Ponhalluriaek. The windows were partly boarded up, and blankets hung in front of them ; bat, atrango to say, oven whilst Smith was in the house, two or three panes were broken. When he went into tho front room, a pane was broken at the baok ; when ho went to the baok, another pane was smashed in the ront window. The affair . eau-.ed a Good Deal of Sensation in the neighborhood, and crowds of people snrrounded the premises — everybody being on the alert, but nobody ablo to detect the agency by which the windows were broken before their eyes. Of coarse There was Talk of Spirits, ghosts, and similar nonsense ; but our ro- porter, on visiting the place last night with oergeanc jjarner, neoame convinced that the dastardly outrage was the work of some malicious wretch, who seems to have a !«»igu upon the life of the poor woman lying helplessly ill in bed. Dr. Dimopk, who has been attending Mrs Penhallnriack, states that something eoi'ioua, if not fatal, may follow on tho shock .to his patient caused by the atrocity. One or two panes were broken yesterday whilst Dr. Dimock wns in the house, but strange to e, ty, not a pano was cracked in tho window of the bedroom wh re Mrs. Penhallnriack W lying. Several stones were found in the h ouse, nnd these appear to havo oome from th o outside, but- there ia a very strong theory ' that some of the panes must have been bro.ktn from the inside. The back yard is close ' fenced all round, and a low verandah shade's the two bock windows, in addition to whioh Blanketing was Hung upon tho verandah in snch a way as to make- it impossible that a stone could reac h the windows from the outside ; yet sever. U of the top panes were broken aftor these , ore- cautions had' been taken, and one of th wr panes was certainly Btruck on the inside, . ts ths glass is bultring outwards round the7 small holo mado by a pebble. Tho only per sons who who were in the bonse whilst most of tho smashing was going on wore Mrs. Thomas, the nnrte, and a servant girl named Peroifone Jouva. The former was in close attendance on her patient; but the latter, a young woman of abont twenty, was doing the household work, and statos that she had several narrow escapes of being struck by the stones, some of which came bouncing into tbo room just aa she was entering it One or two of the storei on being 'picked np were warm, as though they had been carried in some per son's pockot. Mr, Penhallnriack states that he is Not on Very Friendly Terms with a Neighbor named Ransame, who, strange to say, gave a woman named Margaret Olarko into cus tody on Saturday for wilfully breaking one of hi3 windo'ivs. Ransome strongly denies having anything to do with the outrage at Penballurinck's, but no doubt the police au thorities will find meanB of Bolving the mystery in a day or two, when tho offender should meet with the severest punishment provided by law. — Ballarat Courier, This Day. 