VOICE ' "OF ' : r. THE PULPIT. fThil column Is onllroly supplied by correspondents ind every communlcstlon wo roeolre on Mnnday morn- Juks upon tho subjoct has Its placo lioro. The Boy. Mr. Nisli pronehed yesterday morning in the Temperanco Hall, on the words, "He wont and preached unto tho spirits in prison." Ho condemned the arbi- trary assumptions jof expositors, and stated that it could not bo dogmatioally assorted of any passage of Holy Writ that it had this or that particular meaning; but if his hearers attended to him ho would show thorn convincingly tho correct interpretation of his text. lie roviowod the various glossos pat upon it by commentators, and showed that th<y were all wrong ; nnd explained that tho "spirits in prison " wore not souls In Hadas. Neither had Christ preached to any suoh in " tho days of Noah," as tho words of Peter scorned to imply; becauso before Abraham was, Christ was not ; and ft was a mistake, therefore, on tho part of Paul to say, as bo did i 1 tho Epistle to the Galatians, that the Gospel was prosohed unto Abraham ; in faot, tho allusion to Noah was merely inoidental. Tho "spirits in prison " to whom Christ proaehed wore tho scofTers and sinners of .Jerusalem ; 'and our Lord oould not preach te them effectually until after his rosurreotion ; because lie had not roooivod the quiokonlag spirit until thon. Theroforo, it must havh been a slip ot the tongue when Christ asked his Father to glorify Him ' ' with the glory which Ho had with Him boforo the world was." "The spirits in prison to whom Christ preached wore not— Mr. Nish went on to say — the same persons as wore disobedient in the days nf Noah, but merely belonged to the same class ; and consequently, when our Lord declared to the generation which thon was, that the blo id of all the prophets, from the timo o! Abel downwards, would bo demanded at its hauds, He implied that tho original murderers would not bopunishod. but only thoir remote posterity, supposing them to be still living in Juden, The ltev. .1. F. Corbott proaehed yester day morning in St. Mary's Church, as follows : — " The kingdom of God is like to a grain of mustard seed, which a rnau took and cast into his gardon, and it grow and waxed great," Theso words, whether uppliod to tho power and domiuinn of divine love established in the hearts of the faithful, or to tho rise and pro grcs3 of the one visible church, under one divinely. appointed Head, aro equally nppli- cable. What more foolish or. moro unlikely at first to succeed (according to mere human calculations and rules of worldly prudence) than this divine institution. Twelve illiterate fishermen wore chosen to spread the saving truths of our holy faith auroaci Lnrouga too carcii, too worici— fierce, ipagsn, wiokod, idolatrous— thirst ing for the hlood of its benefactors. Men of polished eloqnonoo, of great geniuB, with immonao natural gifts, would Boom the more like ly instruments whereby to compass such great euda ; but hero the foolish thingB of tho world woro to confound tho mighty. Not by ordinary- human strength could the onomioa of the cross be subjugated, and hence we find that after the Apostles were filled with the Holy Ghrst thoy had supornatnral gifts given them : tho power of working miracles, cf raising the dead to life, healing the siak, restoring sight to tho blind, and thus proving to a sceptical hardened world tho divinity of their mission. Thoso who were timid, shrinking, and fearful of the world's perse cution before, were now become valiant, fearless, and ready to meet all dangers which our Divine Lord might think fit to put in their way,- St. Potor converted 3000 in one day. Tho enemlos of the infant church hore . down on it with a relentless fury, which aimed at nothing short of extinguishing it qnitc. Such was not God's purpose. He meant it to ho His witnoks,. .through perse cution and Buffering, until the end of the world. Ths pagan historians oven seem moved' when they relate the cruelty nnd suffering exorcised to tho early Christians. It is well for us somotimes to bo rominded of them. Thoy were tortured, hunted by savage dogs, and treated as the offscouring of the earth. It is our privilege to be mem bers of the Church of tho Apostles. What, thoy preached we preaob, their faith is our faith, and the legitimate euooossor of St, Peter sits now in St. Poter's ohair. Tho Church knows no change. The divine trutha handed down to us through the blessed apostles have been transmitted by their legitimate, divinely- ordained successors, and will so continue to be till the end of time. God in His infinite mercy has provided for His church, so that she cannot err. There are many not in com- mnnion with us who pretend to make a stumbling block of tbo dogma of tbo Pope's infallibility. To theso men an infallible chmch does not seem so inorcdible a thing as an infallible man. It is a pity that those who boast so mncb of UBing their reason, should fall so frequently into the habit of confusing things that should be viewed separately and distinotly. When they speak of infallibility they mean impecoability, whioh wo disbelieve to be the lot of any man quite as much as they do. No Catholic pretends that our Holy Father Pius IX is infallible, say ns a mathematician, an astronomer, a politician, nay even as a private theologian. He may fall even into grievons and mortal siD. if ho do not correspond with the grace 1 , of God given to him, but we say that when ho is appealed to, on all matters pertaining to faith and morals, his deoision is doubt less infallible — einoe be but bearB testi mony to what the truth is, and to what has been always believed in by the common consent of Christendom. Whatever matters then aro submitted to his judgment on these points nro decided without any fur ther appeal, and that, too, in oonformity with tbo teaching of the Divine Spirit, which has been ' promieed, and shall never fail to guide the sueeeBSors of the apo'illen. Men often talk as if this dogma wore a thing hnheard of until yester day. It was' always believed in — it could not become a matter of faith all at onoe, but it his only been, lately defined, that is to say ,-ib-is now a dogma as binding on the Catholic' conscience as the dootrine of the Blessed Triuity. I said the ohuroh does not vary in her dootrine. Opinions undergo rapid changes, they veer round in 'all manner of unexpected ways, like the shifting weather-cook at the meroy of every stray breath of Vfind. There is as ' much difference between infallibility and \- impecoability as there is between heaven and eayth and : it were well that ' men re flected before giving rash judgments. A story had gone the round of tho newspapers, lntcjy of a person in Brazil to whom tho laat rites of tho ohnroh were denied beoanse he was a Freemason. This person, high in station, I believe, was excommunicated, and n suggestion was mado that the civil power should compel the ohuroh to grant that which she denied, as if she could be oocrced into doing that whioh was a violation of her right of conscience. Separate the Church from tho State. Very well, do so, though it may bo observed that the State has more need of the Chnroh than she has of the State. She can dispenso with tho State. Statesmen1 in modern times have sought to tyrannise over bcr, to make her their servant,., thoir slave, but with very poor suooess.1 She has firmly r.sistod all unholy attempts at coer cion,; .has ever been tho onampion of freedom' of conscience. She is now suffering for the samo oiuse. We may not bo called on to go through the fiery ordeal to whioh she has neen so often subjected, 'yet we know not it may be before we have to suffer. , Wo. iiave now. a systomof education whioh aims at Blamping out the faith from the militia of our youth, whioh attempts proSely-' tisins, and nf whioh wo oannot avail ourselves or opim,'enanco. Mr, Tyermin leotured to a crowded autonoo in the Poly technic Hall last night, being " Favorite Texts for oj Sermons." That being only an introductory looture, he would conhno himsolf principally to general remarks on toxtB, eormone, aud breaohinft ohly'licitioing, before he concluded,- one text, and would at .intervals deal with somo of the moBt' favorlto toxU on whioh sermons wore baaed. Ho would point ont what he oonoeived to be tho falsity and bad effect of many of the. doctrines built upon thoso texts, and haviDg exhausted tho list ho had prepared ho would introduce a few texts whioh wore seldom or nevor preaohed from, and suggest that tho clorgy, for tho sake of a change,, if nothing else, should occasionally hang a sermon on thoso biblical- pegs. What a torrent of ser mons was poured upon society in Chris tendom every Sunday. Tens of .thousands of rivalotn issued from as many pulpits, wbioh wended their way to one common river, vast and mighty enough to cause apprehensions of a Bermonio inundation. Preaching had be come a mere profession, or, as Charles Clark bluntlv Dut It. a " business." Ho preferred Clark's candid admission to tho farce of pro tending to be moved by the Holy Ghost. In tho Frimitivo Church preaching the Gospel involved muoh aelf- saorifice and personal suffering, and a sincero love of what they desoribed to be trutb, impelled them to their hard and perilous duties ; and a fow of tho clergy wore still moved by i' tlfb samo noble motivo ; but he feared tho majority of them woro moved more by tho idea of a respectable calling and good stipend. It was well known that in tho old country many young mon who had small brains, and were not likely to shine in tho senate, at tho bar, or on tho battle field, might twinkle in the pulpit, and theroforo were made parsons. Sermon-making had become a branoh of tho husiuess outside tho olorioal ranks, and sermons were mado to order, and sent to the parsonage in the same way as n now dress; and many a sermon which sent young ladies into ecstaoies over country curates — especially if single — were manufactured in tho snuggery of pot- houses, from tho inspiration of small beer. Of oourso tho Bible was tho great text book ; but be thought there were many other books in the English tongue which ought to share the honor. 'Preachers might, with great advantage to thomselvoa and people preach frdm Shakespeare aod othor workB occasionally. Tne result of confining themselves to the Bible was, first, a barren monotony and oppressive repetition of texts and subjects; and secondly, a cramping and dwarfing of tbo preacher's intelloctna powersi - ' This wearisome repetition might be ' somewhat rolic ved, even while the Bible is the only text book, if texts and subjects were introduced' from its pages which were quietly passedovor, cithor because thoy would compromise the preacher, or oflend big Mr. Somebody in tbe congregation. Tho choice of texts was generally dictated by tho predominating intellectual feature or religious feelings of the preacher. Preachers of stern judioial qualities would doal most with the law, and exhibit most of tbe justioo and severity of God. Thoso in whom honnvnlnnnfl nrflflnminAf'.flri wnnlfi nftenpsfc expatiate on tbe goodness of the Almighty. And so of other loading characteristics. John iii. 16, " God so loved the world," &c.;, was ; then discussed, as tho first of tho favorito texts ho proposed to treat upon. It was considered to show a grand exhibition of God's love. But was there anything mar vellous in God loving tho race He had created ? Was it a matter of amazement and joy that a parent loved his child 1 Just as children had a natural claim on the love and proteotion of their parentB, so all men had a natural and first claim on the love of God,- notwithstanding all that was said about his having forfeited that claim in the fall of tho fabled pair — Adam and Eve. The proof of God's love was said to be tho gift of His Sou ; but Ho would havo proved His love still more strikingly by forgiving tbe sinner, and saving His Son the sufferings He endured. Nor could it be said that He had in that way manifested His love to tho whole world, though in the text the word world occurred without any. qualification ; but as a matter of faot, but a small part oi the world had yet had tho offer of tho alleged fruits of that love. He maintained that God loved all men, and would save all without the clumsy expedient of Calvary's transac tions. At St. Mark's Church, Fitzroy, the Rev. R. Barlow's text was,' ' I know their sorrows. " The word of God, he said, was pure gold, which had to be beaten out by us with tbe hammer of meditation, until it became fila ments of gold leaf ; so that, from a mere grain, wo could produce sheets enough to cover acres of paper with pulpit discourses. Put- suingthis method, he proceeded to hammer out the word " sorrow ;" whioh he said was the consequence of many things — as for ex ample rif sin ; for there was no such thing as ainful_jollity.;.and_-of sickness — for people were never oheerful under physioal ailments ; and of doath-; booau.se it was a well-known fact that we always bewailed the unhappy fate of those whom we believed to have fallen asleep in Jestts ; and manifested tho most poignant anguish when any of our friends and relations were translated to happincsB in heaven. In fact tho firmer our assurance of their unspeakably blissful condition, the deeper is tho mourning we wear, and tbo more pathetically do we speak of tho de ceased as "poor " this, that, or the other. Bat if, said the preaoher, sorrow comes to all ; Christ comes after and oven with it, and brings us His sure consolation ; brightening with His light the path which previously ap peared so dark and dreary. And thcreforo all sorrows are short-lived ; and no Buch a speetaole has ever been seen as that of a female sovereign bewailing the death of her husband for several years in succession, and hugging ber grief to her bosom, as though it wore a baby, . Mr. Greenfield preaohed yesterday after noon from the words, "Not slothful in busi ness." He said no portion of Holy Writ bad boen eo Bhamofully perverted as thi3. It bad been again and again quoted from tbe pulpit in justification, and even in approval of money-making, , and tho accumulation of property. WhoroaB, in reality, these words addresssd only to suoh of the Romans as woro "beloved of God," and "called to be saints," m'orely enjoined diligence in pursuits which wore only follo'wed for the purpose of procuring the bare neoessarics of lifo, and the proceeds of which wore thrown into a general fund, for thoso who believed at tbat time had all things. in common. Such as were rioh "sold their possessions and goodB and parted them to all men as every man had need." They were, in the true eense of the word, communists ; and tho exhortation addressed to them by tho apoBtlo was manifestly designed to impress upon them the obligation of not becoming obargeablo- upon- others. Nothing oould be more express, emphatic, or explicit, than our Lord's incessant ' denuncia tions of the acquisition of . wealth, and /although hireling preachors, 'who ..were just aa sordid as'their ilooks, just as fond of this world, and - even moro greedy 'of praiBe, deference, social position', /and titular distino- tions, might wrest .the Soripture's to their own destruction and to that of their hearers, they oould not deny, explain away, modify or suppress tho plain. gad, unequivocal words of our Lor ILTako "no. thought for the morrow ;" and "Lay notup for yourselves treasure upon earth ;" because " our Hoavenly Father knoweth that wo havo need . of all those things," and ivill provide them for HiB obedient children. "In reality, how- qver," said Mr. (Jreenfiold,'"tbo professional proacliers neither believe in God nor in tho .Bible ; and, one very striking proof., of their 'infidelity is. that, thoy have actually estab lished insuranee;.f6oicticf>, ' and superannua tion and widows' funds of their own ; show ing either that thoy considered Gad to be' a liar,- and. that He oannot .or will not fufiU His promises ; or tbat they fool that they are; in no ssnso, His children,, and theretore have no alaim upon His bounty and loving kindness." ' 1 ' , ' , . 1 At St, Andrew's Ohuroli, Carlton, the Rev. Mr, Brunton. minister of tho Presby- i£srian Cnuroh of Quoonsoliff, preaohed from Mark x. I7r— 22.' dwelling mpre (particularly on part of 21st verao : " One thing thou laikost," Tho preacher, first of all, roferrod to some . things which, the wealthy young ruler did- not Iaok,rviz:— Ho did not lack earnestness, . he -was sinoero.in his desiro to obtain a hless'ng from Jesus. Tho sight on those days was rare/plja ruler pf tho people, and who was at tho samo time both rioh and young, doing- homago to Jesus,, and he was not ashamcd.to own Him, as wob Nicodomus. Ho did not laok reverence he kneeled reverently to Christ, hd" saw bcncatli His dospised exterior something, whioh com manded his homage. He did not lack knowledgo. JT was no Sadducee, denying tbo do'ctrino of the resurrection from tbe dead. ! His dosiro waB to -inherit- eternal lifo, to which ho did not cxpeot.to attain without au. effort, ond whioh effort h'o thought worth I making. Ho did not laok good de sires. | Ho was not ontirely/satisfied with bis wealth and high position in life, but desired more, oven an assurance that eternal lifo should bo his. He did not lack morality. Though ho was, in a measure, self-righteous, ho was no hypo- crite. I Ho really was a modest, grocemi, moral youth ; but with aU, had his misgivings as to tho future, and when he departed from Jesus, 'ho did so soAowing. His departure was an apparent triumph of tho world over Christ; Jesus, looking upon him, oven loved him. . Aobillos was invulnerable save in ouo portion of the body, and this young man laohed bat one thing, yet looking that, ho lacked everything. The one thing laoked by tho young ruler was tbe Bupromo love to God. How little does any man know what he is until be is tried? "Let not him that puttoth on his armor boast as hs who takoth it off," The command of Christ to soil all that he had and givo it to tho poor was so unexpected ; the ohango of position fromjwealth and inllu- cnco 10 povorty and becoming a follower of Jesus was so great that, wanting supreme lovo to' God, his decision was natural. Jesus saw this young man in tho position, ns it woro, of a sailor who, though a stont swim mer, on making, for a rock of ssfoty, must ohoose between easting away a bolt of gold wbioh is round his waist or perishing. The lack of one thing wns tho loss of every thing. Of what use is the finest locomotive engine oyer constructed without steam ie got up. What uso the most costly system of telegraph poles, wires, and cable, if tho battery be disconnected, nnd so this young man's morality aud virtuous conduot was of no avail so longns he loved his possessions moro than God. nc went his way sorrowful, it is true, but ho went, He obtained, as it were, a fresh lease of his wealth, but only by the surrendering tbe titlo deeds t» eternal mansions in tho Heavens. He lost tbo friendsbij) of Jesus, the salvation of his bouI, eternal lifo iu bliss, but he retained his money and bis position in the world. Tbe. preaoher concluded by Bbowing that all' those, rioh or poor, who allowed anything to interfere with iovo, supremo lovo, to Christ, acted in the same mcuuer as the ycung man in the text, and ndvisod all to make tho prayer of Hagar theirs, "Givo me neither poverty nor riches." 