TALES AN0 SKETCHED THE V I L L A G E GHOST. (Concluded). BV J. n. o. ID justice to the policeman 1 may tell you he excused himself ib me bclore going, -lor locking up a sober man, by telling me he hadn't ]iad ii cuse-'for a month. 'I liiukiug il I remonstrated he might take me into castody for obstructing; the policc, and so offer me up as the monthly official sacrifice—and happily remembering 1o have heard or read that "silence is golden,"— I judiciously held my peace, and so kept myself Iroin breaking the peace, and rendering myself liable to be adjudicated on by a judge, jury, or any other judical authority. It being by this time past midnight, I sat on a quantity of timber and watched anxiously tor any appearance that might lead iiic to tliiuk the ghost was about, In a very leu minutes 1 heard several voices talking i bout it.. .They were evidently on the sametackas myself. II is scarccly worth while repeating all the arrangements they-made as to capturing, &c.; but' "ili'ey evidently intended doing it. I suddenly bethought inc to try theiK|iluck. A few yards from me a white calf was lying down, quietly chewing its cud. I picked up a stnne, and-just as the four disciples of Bomliastes were abreast ol inc, threw it at the call Aaturally the uiiim.n jumped up and trotted off, and I believe the commotion amongst tbcqiiarleUu was just us natural. They started back, Hung up their urni'<, their ihroals emitted a sound which inademt; tliiuk tlu-ir hearts were stopping up their windpipes, and from their general appeal atice I imagine their 1iair was Irantically trying to. push out the rool of their hats. I do not think I evei saw (iucc a clear case ol Iriglit in iii) life. When the four amateur ghostcatchers fouud out what it really was, they made "a faint Attempt to laugh, and moved off,.each one of tlicm asserting he w&s;'the only one not frightened. Afterclrickling over (hilittle episode, I fit my pi|Je; am. settled myself comfortably on the lot to see what would tuin up next. 1 had sat there some time, when a mosi peculiar sensation came over mr. 11 seemed as il something dreadlul war going to bappt-n : the sky turned in a blood-red hue; the air secmen stifling ; I could scarccly breathe. Looking round inc I saw an objeel that made my heart stand still, and cold perspiration sprang out all over me. I tried to call out ; but ni\ tongue clung 'to the roof of my mouth. As near as i can tell, the awful spectre that met my affrighted gaze, was about ten feet high, clothed from head to foot in scarlet, which seemed to glow'With a kind of dull light, like red hot iron. Tliearme were extended, showing that it was a gigantic skeleton : the eyes were like a livid (ire, arid seemed to search my very soul. Oh 1 the horror of that moment. The spectre beckoned me to follow i(. I could not resist. I seemed drawn towards it. All the tioie I followed, the frightful thing kept its fearful eyes fixed on me. At last it stopped on the margin ol what - seemed to me a fathomless pit, and then for the first time addressed me, in a sepulchral tone of voice that chilled ihe very marrow in my boner. It said, " Why domt thou come to interlere with me in my domain ? Hast thou not had sufficient warning to break thee off thy morbid curiosity ?. Dost thou know that this night I must have thy blood ? Wilt thou never learn to bo circumspect in thy dealings with another world ? Nothing is a lesson to thee ; so to-night thou must go to my region below." With these learful words he grasped me in his long bony arms, aud with a fearful exclamation flung me into the yawning abyss. At this awful monieui my voice returned : to me. 1 screamed aloud.' The sound of my voice echoed found me as 1 fell hurling through the ai . Should I ever stop (ailing ? At last with a fearlul crash I reached ihe bottom : opened my eyes, and beheld—What ? Mow can I tell in words what I saw > What nwlul sight met my glaring eyes? It was—a—policeman standing over me. He had tound me asleep on the log, and amidst his endeavours to wake me I had (alien oil' my timber couch on to the ground. 1 could have hugged that policeman for very joy ; hut instead shook myself together, and found it was. daylight; so alter tipping the "'blue boitle'' walked to the railway station and caught tile first train for Melbourne. I need scarcely add that I have not MIICC bceu lured away in ••earcli of "The Village Ghost." — From the Williamslnwn Chronicle 