I NEW TEAR'S EVE. IN Goorge-street the number of people who throngei the pavement was immense, and several of tho uttrac tions'that abound in the street- of Sydney were'exceed ingly well patronised. À stand nt the-corner o Market . and George streets, where _ th wonders of natara were to be seen in all their per fection by mears of microscopes, was erected, nm the ¡owner of it had no reason to bo dissatisfied at th I patronage' which he received. Tho toy-bazaar of Mi Lcmairo was actually besieged for more than an hom 'by à crowd of persons'attracted by tho view of a mai dressed in a manner intending to' personify 'Ol Father Time. As the hour grew later, the:Crowd seemed to grow thicker, until tho stroke of 12"o'clocl fell upon tho oar, and thea everyone was jubilant. Th " lárrikinB," especially, were in their element,- nm ffangs of them were seen hurrying about in all dircc tiona, bent upon mischief ; and they seemed to enjo; themselves in their own particular way, although ver; much,. to the discomfiture of thoso-who wero incline! "to see tho old year ont and tho new yoar.in" in i reopcctablq. and -unostentatious way. Iii Clarence street sqveraUbonfires wore lighted, and they causee such . it J great , illumination that nt firs it j was~'-tnóught¡ ~ ~ that: some houses wcfi on fire, but the doubt waa speedily removed, and tbi street, in those places whero the fires were, presentee thé appearance of gipsies camps. A ' body of Higl landers, in full native costume, marched through somi of the,streets, and caused great attraction and amuse ment to'a large number of persons of all classes, inclu ding " blue-jackets," " marines," and a host of smal boys and large boys, carryine bushes which had beet purloined from some of tue shops and dwclling-housei that bad, beon decorated with them. Tho Ger man band, too, found raany admirers, while they played in various parts of the city. Of course nt 12 o'clock, the bells in all the church-stseples pealed forth a farawell to tho old year, and a welcome to th< new one, while cheers from hundreds of throats ren1 tho air, and friends grasping hands, wished each other t "Happy New Year." Pitt-atreet waa no exception to tho general rulo, foi from Park-street to King-street tho footpaths wa! crowded with hundreds of persons, male and femaln The majority of the shops wero handsomely lit ap, an<¡ tho choico display of useful and ornamental articles, tastefully arranged in the windows, were a groat tempta- tion tb all who had their purses in tboir pockets, and ir many cases they yielded to tho temptations, and spent their money in a manner which must have cheored those who had anything to sell. Spencers Royal Polytechnic, and the performances of tho Magnet Troupe, and thc Victoria Theatre wero liberally patronised, and all whe were preiont there appeared to thoroughly enjoy them- selves. Tho two extremes of Pitt-street, ? north anc south, were exceedingly dull till about midnight. The principle centres of attraction were, as we novo said, ¿atweeu Park and King-straot, and everybody seemed t< anticipate tho pleasure of a holiday on tho morrow, and willing to give tho go-byo gracefully to 1872. . In the middle bf thc . annual turmoil, it "was satis factory to say that the people who watch, and pray foi tlie coming advent, crowded the various places pf. wor- ship in our citjr. '...'","...". , 1', " The watch-night services for meditation and prayer, held jn the various places of worship last night, may,bi thus summarised. ' " ;".'-" ~ "_';,' At St. Andrew's Cathedral there.was.a crowded'eon gregation. The Kev. Dean Cowper preached from th« text 2 Kings.'chaptcriv., 26 :" Is it-well with thee ?-Ii it well with thy husband P Is it well with 'thy child ? ' Tho lessons were read by tho Ber. Canon Bich.., The« was' n full choral vsèrvico,' conducted -'by'' Mr, Corlette, the presenter . and > ? Mr. Montague Younger officiated as-'organist. Tho ' services at St James's waa largely nttouded, and the- sermon was 'delivered by the Kev. G. C. Bodo from the 10 tl chapter of Revelations, versea 5 and 0-" And the angel which I saw stand upon tho ssa and upon tho earth lifted up his hand to heaven, and sw oro by Hirn that liveth forever and ever, who created heaven and -the things which'are therein, that there should bo timo no longer." At St. Philip's the Rov.: Mr. Unwiu officiated, and chooso ns his text the 28th "chapter ol Genesis, . verso 8-"'And Abraham ' gavo up the ghost." Tho attandanco was unusually largo. At St. Baranbas'a tho nssemblac« was so_ great that there . ' waB scarcely sitting accommodation. . Tho Rev. Canon Smith read tho evening service, and delivered his diaeourso on a portion of tho 7th verso of tho 4th chapter of St, Peter, "But tho end of all things ; is nt hand." Tho attendance at tho service at Christ Chm «h was not very numerous. The preacher waa tho Ber. Canon Vidal. St. Paul's Church, Redfern wan well filled, and the Ber. Canon Stephen selected ns his text the 3rd chapter of the epistle of St. Paul to tho Roman«, begining at the first, and ending at tho twelfth Terse. At St John's Church, Darlinghurst, tho Ber. T. Hayden preached to a larpe congregation. ' The Bor. 6. H. Moreton conducted' tho services nt ' St. Peters, Woolloomooloo, and addressed his largo congregation on the first Verse of the 103rd At St, John's, Bishopthorpe, tho services were fol filled by.th*Ror. E. M. Saliniere., At St. Michael's, Surry Hills, tho Ber. Hulton King'preached, . There, was no watch-night services ut Trinity Church, Miller's Point.-, . :.-?-!!"?-.- <??'; ' . ?-" ; At tho York-street Wesleyan Chnrch; a prayer meet- ing was held, in- which tho Kovs. Messrs. W. Curoo w, Joseph Ncttloton.'-and' B. Sellors took. part. At the Bourke-strcot Wesleyan Church, the Ber. Mr. Tate con dueted:tho services. ¡ Eov. Mr. Firth was the officiating minister nt tho Glebe Point- rood Wesleyan Church, andi» took his text from the 1st of Corinthians, chapter 7th, and verses 20th. 30th, and 31st, "But this I say brothren, tho time is short, it remainnlh that both they that havo wives, ho as though they had none; and they thnt weep na though they wept not, and they that re- joice as though they rejoiced not, and they that bny 03 though .thoy possessed not ; and they that uso this world as not abusing it, for tho fashion of this world passeth away." ' , At tho Congregational Church, in Bourke-stroet the Rev: T' Johnson held a -prayer-meeting, and delivered a new year's addross. At thc St. John's-road, Globe, Congregational Chnrch, the Rev. A. Lloyd, held divino service. ?. ?;, . . - . ' , > , The Cnstlereagh-streot Baptist Chnrch watch night meeting was presided ? over by the .Rev. Daniel Allen, who discoursed on tho 11th bf Duetoron'omy, 11th verse. Tho congregation sung a now year hymn, composed by, the preacher. At the Harris-street Bap tis t Gbureb, tho Rev. A. W. Webb officiated and preached from'tho text James iv., verses 13 and lt "Ye that say to-dnyor to-morrow .we will "go with auch a city and continue there a year and buy and soil and get gain, whereas ye know not what ahall be on tho moirow. For what is your lifo ? It is oven n vapour that appcareth for a little time and then vanisheth .away." At. tho Mariner's Church tho Eov. W. Gainford preached tb n largo congregation, from tho 13th chapter of the Gospel of St. Luke, verses ö to 9, being the parablo of tho barren figtree. At the,City Mission Chapel, Sussex-street, there was a watch-night service, which was well attended. There were services at several of tho Church of Eng- land .suburban churches, but the Roman Catbolio,. Presbyterian, nnd Unitarian churches ignored the hold- ing of such services in their respectivo churches. There was no service at the Pitt-street Congregational Church. It may bo worth recording that at the majority of the places of worship tho services bogan about 10 o'clock, and all terminated a few minutes after midnight. 