JIT 8UNDAT OUT. out; ca' I go'nowr ^ '' r-!V'!c']f! 'No, Jane, I can't let you go out to night. Master Freddy is unwell, and you must remain with him.' And Jane left t'io roam with a sorrowful countenance. She was dressed ready for idling out on her few hours leave of ab sence. She had put on her best bonnet, niththc cherry-colored ribbons, aud had a largo brooch fastening her shawl, and was ovun drawing on her gloves as 6be came into the room. She bad no thought ol being disappointed, for the mistress had ortroye a constitution to her domes lies regulating their Sunday evenings out; but with the despotism of a sove reign, she liad revoked tbo odict and re* legated her subject back to tbe nursery n'i'th Master Freddy ns a companion. Poor Jane. Tbo little walk that you looked forward to with Tom or Harry is swept away, and he poor Icllow will keep that appointment, wearily waiting, and at last turn home with a great sadness at heart, and think his Jane faithless, and that she was promenading with some mora favored beau, and Jano goes up stairs to the nursery and pets Master Freddy and husbcB him to sleep, end nerer rents hor feelings by as much as one angry slap upon the tempting shoulders of that peevish brat. Poor Jano. It was hard on tlice that after thy toil and moil tliou conldst not hive thy Sunday evening out, and I swear that thy sad face as thou deuartedst the room spoilt my evening's eujoymeut and rose up constantly, like some reproachful ghost, between thy mistress ana myself, and inailu her otherwise pleasant laugh have an edge on it ! You and I, sir, when we are disappointed, arc not given to turn any and bear it with a sad countenance. We fume and sircar, we inveigh the fates, and abuse our wires, and are cross with our children, and if we ore annoyed, why, sir, the world shall know it. If wo have a tritUue of our on n, shall our wives dare to laugh or bo merry P You, sir.had made up your mind lo go to the opera, but you dilly dallied about engaging a seat till tho last moment, end thca the place that you wanted next the charming widow, Mrs Sadwrcds, was taken, and you were annoyed and wouldn't go nt all, and came home and bullied your wife. Yon swore at her because the dinner had to be rechauffe, and you furgol that you were an hour late, and you whipped Miss Polly and sent her howling to bed, and you boxed the ears of Tom, and then you drank three tumblers of whiskey and water, and went to bed rrosscr than ever, and your poor wife had to creep in besido you and listeu to your railing until sleep overcame you, and all because through your own fault you were disappointed out ofan evening's pleasure. Tiiinl of Jane's sad lace, sir ; had she uot a right to vent her feelings and call her mistress a lyrant ; and yet she went up stairs instead, and sat meekly by the side of Maitor Freddy. Miss Eosie, you little puss, you re member that pic-nic that you hoped lo attend with a certain military gentleman, and bow you got up betimes in the morn ing and dressed your charming person with more than usual care, and had on your saucy little Gipsy hat by nine o'clock, and were coaxing on thoso delicate Ktraiv* colored kids, waiting for the carriage to come round, when pitch, plash, plash, came don-n the rain, and great stream* were tumbliug from the huuso tops, and great streams ran gurgling along the streets, and there was no pic-nic for you that day ! How yon tugged off tliose gloves, Miss, and tore them all up the back, and flung your bat to one end of the room, and your lace shawl to aDother.and stamped up anddown, pausing occaBiunally at the window to play an ugly tattoo on the pane, while you scowled and pouted at the torrents without, and, if vou thought on Iho matter at all, must have objurga ted a certain Mr Longfellow end his msnnc song about tho beautiful ra,in ! Ko&ie;, ma belle, think of how meekly the nursery maid turned from ftcr cavalier and went up to tho nursery. Do we think enough of our servants ? Madame, .In le and Miry are not mere machines, for whoso use you have paid bo much, and if you only give them rood to enable them to work and some corner that you oan Bbovo them into at nifilt, you have, not done your duty. It were belter for you, madam, and better for them, if they were maohines -, but unfortunately they arc human, and have souls and passions and inslincU and feeling*, and if we pinch them they feel it ; and if we prick them they bloed. It is inconvenient, but unfortunately it is true. You havo feelings my charming Mrs Crutnplon, and vou indulge them, you pamper your sensibilities. Are you sad t You can have quiet and soothing friends, aud pleasant musio, and people are considerate. Hut Mary doirn stairs is rtadiue a letter snd you ring the bell, mill alio oruahca the scrawl into her |)Ooket and wipes her eye with her elcero, and canies in with the tea-urn, and you scold her because thoso muffins are a little burned, and you don't know that that letter she cruibod away into her pocket announced the death of a dear Bister, aud you scold and tootd and scold, and she gulps down her tears and serves )-ou for io many dollars a month, and there is no clause in the bond allowing her to weep. Master Freddy must be amused, and poor Jane with a splitting headae-ho rocs up and singi for him, and soothes his piercing cries, whilo you havo tho room darkened and the ohildren kept away, and cooling lotions appliod lo your forehead, madam, whoa it aches ; hut Jane is only one of tho lervi, another race- of people, who havo no right to be ill. God help them I They hare their iiok. nesses «nd their headaches, and hitter dis appointments. Tom marries, some one else ; brother Dick it aant to the peni tentiary, father becomes a drunkard) their own health is bad, they are dy\\(YJ e| consumption, and they bend their ahoulden to the yoke. If thy serve faithfully, the; get their wanly wages and U-»; are barked -t and scoldadL and, when skkucis comes, fling them ottt i let them go to (heir hospitals or their homes, or somo other proper plsoe, hut don't trouble my lady about such canaille ! Do not grudge Jane her Sunday out, and let her hare it with u kind. word. We are all the better for e, little recreation. Tho merchant after bis toil at the desk, tho schoolboy after, his labors with ns jireisufc, the student after his rtrugrie with Mill and Hurley, th, yoonjt lady after, her season of balls and ro^i(«, and Raitves, and dancing, and la,to bed-goine, all an better for reUxa «o», a little folding of the arms, and a little idleness, a wandering down some ?hedylinnand angling by pleasant waters, and erohanpng the deik and the coHeije for the green award, and the crushing, stifling drawingroom for u U'tte flirtation' bynjoonbghtorer thtMitto gstrt or in downy arbor, Ana it Jane con only run down the street and hang on the arm of (he police man or saunter away with Harry, and forget Mailer Freddy end terriludo for au hour, while sho dreams of the boy.god 'who sharpens his arrows on the whet stone of the human heart,' do not grudge it. God lorelh a cheerful giver, if it be only' a Sunday evening out lo tho little fag, the scrva tdrvontm in the scullery.— Cananiau Illustrated New*. 