MARYBOROUGII. [CoPFOH OU OW OORRESPONDENT.) June 2. The "tocsin" of political warfare is being sounded, and everybody is wondering who will be the lucky or unlucky candidates for Maryborough and the Wide Bay distriets. We have two in the field for Wide Bay -namely, Mr. Bailey, a farmer, and Mr. BRobt. Tooth, of the eugar-refinery, Yengarie. They are both much respected by the community generally, and are both educated mon; either of them would make an oecel lent member of Parliament; but I think tfr. Tooth will be the favourite, as he has so thoroughly identified himself with this district by spending a fortune in esugar growing and manufacturing, whlich hIas given a great impetus to the prosperity of the Wide Bay dis trict. July 2. In my least I told you the toesin of political warfare was sounded, but can tell you now that all the "great guns" are roaring; for the introduction of the Educa tion Bill by our popular Ministry seems to have given some of our quidunes a severer touech of hydrophobia thsn all the Good Templars of our town can hope to cure. The great question is who shall represent us in the new Parliament. All Mr. Walsh's old staunch friends are surprised and annoyed at his silence ; tlhey feel that he is treating them with something like con tumely in not declaring whethler he intends to stand for hIis "beloved Maryborough" or not. If he delays much longer he will not stand a ghost of a chance, as voters are beginning te plodge thnmselves, and it is re ported in toadn that Wslsh is a deaominationalist and as calculating on the Roman Catholics to put him in (if hIe stands); but be must not forget that at his last election he had the Catholics to a man, and yet only got in by a majority of sinteen. He may depend on it that a great revulsion of feeling has taken plaeo since then, so if he intends to come out on the "right ticket" he had better make haste and communicate withl his friends. The people here consider the edu cation question of lasting moment, and feel that every ofort should be made to one for all settle it. The town was thrown intote a state of great excite ment when the steamer arrived and brought a few copies of Hnsaerd, containing the what I call infamous blackguard abuse that was showered down upon the devoted head of Mr. Handy because he had the coo rare to vote contrary to the wishes of the "greasy hat club." I verily bielieve that if Mr. Handy were to stand for Maryborough (if Walah did not come for ward) he would be elected, as a salve for the unmoerited and shameful treatment he has received because he stuck up for the rights of the colony. I do believe if 500 copies of Hoanard wereto be sent to Maryborough they would be bought up in an hour. It is felt to be a great shame tlhat the newspapers are prohibited from reporting the cowardly speeches that are uttered ii a place where the contemptible fellows can screen them selves from the just indignation of an outraged com munity. I wish some journal would publish a full report of the affair; I would willingly give £1 towards the expense of doing so ; so that (although to our die grace) the world might see that the Queensland Palr liament can surpass in sindictive blackguardism any othler Assembly under the sun. Now thecolonistes can clearly see what a great service Mr. Handy has donne them by saving thle colony from the thraldom of the so-called Liberals. I hope the people will subscribe a sum of money for the purpose of presenting Mr. Handy •ith a testimonial, with the simple inseeription on it, " Presented to Mr. Handy, the saviour of his adopted country, 1878." With regard to the forthcoming election for the Wide Bay district, I believe Mr. Bailey will be the man; hIe is a staunlch P'rotestant, and will support the Education Bill with all his ability. Our Town Council is getting almost as intractable as the Legislative Assembly, for amongst them are a few so-called Liberals who, like the greasy hatters, want all the loaves and fishes. Here is one instance: we have a lerry, but it is so close to where the steam ers anchor that it is found desirable to remove it; but where do you thlink some of our immaculate aldermen propose to shift it to? Why down the river several hundred yards from where it is at present, where it will be in thle way of every vessel coming up the river to our whalrves; and thle only reason that any reason able being can conceive for their so doing is that no less tlhan four of them are personally isterested, hav ing property close to the proplosed sitr. One of our city fathers, who bears tIe SOUbripuel of "Honest Tos." has lstely purchased a piece of ground close by, whichr, so far as his vote is encnerned, accounts for "thle milk in thle coeosaut." But I hIope the Govern ment will at once take steps to p'evesnt such barefaced meal-appropriation of the ratrpaycrs' money as would be tile placing of the ferry in so very inconvenient and dangerous a position. Besides, a tle Government will bhe expected to mske thie alppronches on the o,:posits side to the toswn for the special behloof of a few men who mnake a vehlicle of their position to work out thleir own selfish ends, to the loss and inconveiencs of three.fourths of the iolhabit nlas, and to tile danger of all who travel by that ferry, it is to be siscerely hIoped the Governments will not make the alpprochses at the place indicated, or consent to have tle navigation of thss river impeded nsd the lives of tile public endangered, but at once order approaches to be made at the maosl eligible spot higher tp the river and above tile whlorves. We have often to put up witht many disanecreeable things thrust upon us by our Couneil, through individuals in it wuorking a point for theirown benelit, lwhen we cannot expect the Government to assist us from tIle wrongs we complain of; but in this matter, whichl is of great moment, we can with confidence appeal to therm to perevent a gross injury being indictelod on us. I thinkl " Honest Tom" ought to wait until hIis bosom friend LMr. King is MIinisler for Works; then hie might pes. sibly get thle job d',se to suit inm, as it would be the I-n?t thing thle "' Kincg" could do for ose of hIis most rahid supporters nu.s1, nt lthe same limue, grernest •buoers of lMr. \VWalsh and hIis frinds at the lost elee tion. " lonest Tom" and his crew carried their point so far to-day is tile Council as to decide on the ferry beiag asifted down the river ; but thIle Moyor, in usaswer to a requisition, he called a public meetise to denounce their action ; when, I predict, they will be overthrown and get the "drilling" they so richlly deserve. 