TOPICS OF THE DAY. Tenders were opened this morning on behalf of the railway for certain works required by that department. For the erec tion of closets, &c.; at tho Williamstoavn workshops there were four tenders sent in, and that of Robert Thornton for £84 Gs lid was accepted. There were no less than thirteen tenders for the erection of a goods shed, waiting-room, &c.;, at the Elaine station, on the Geelong and Ballarat line, and on their being opened, it was found that the lowest was that of J. W. Roberts and Co. for £233 5s 1½d, and it was therefore accepted. Nino contractors seat in offers' to erect wooden cottages, between tho SOth and 123rd mile onj tbo. North-Eastern Railway lino', and it was found '.that thnt of Robe t M'i oil, for £2290 3) 6.1, was tlio lowest. For tho supply of 2500 sleepers and 1000 lineal foot of oroising timber for tbo Bat man's Hill Btation and iho new engine ohed there woro four tenderers, and Robert Barber, who offered to supply the matorial for £502 ISs, was tho enco;s;M ono. . the sama contractor 'obtained tho contract for supplying 1 G, 000 sleepers, and 1500 lineal foot of crossing timber for the maintenance of tho Victorian Railways, tho amount of his tender being £2-189 lis SJ. There were three tenders sent in for this. Tho lawyers were in full blast to day with four eeurtB sitting, the Juries "of; Tw-ive,- Fbnr, Equity, and County ; besides a little sido show in Chambers, before Judge Fellows. Mr. G. D. Onrte", tho former chairman of-' tho Eendigo Waterworks C< mpany, and Mr. Whitton, 'of Molbourno, aro at present in Sandhurst engaged in auditing the accounts between the Council and tlio Qov.rament with roferonco to taking over the water-, works. The auditors yesterday visited somo of tho various works, aud wcro accompanied by Mr. Brady; ' ' To-morrow, being St. Tavid's Day, the'/ WoUhinen " good and trne ". will hold a celebration in the Tempera-co Hull, Ruis.-ll- streot. ... Wo hava been reqnestol. to remind tbo members of tho medical profession that the address to Dr. Ti-.tcy must l o" delivered to morrow, as the mail -steamer leaves Sand- ridge at 2 p"m. Stejjs aro' beitig ' taken , to establish a. Working Youths' Club iu Gollirigwood, under the impression that street ruffianism is caused principally by the want t f proper moann of recreation. Tho idea is, at aay rate, Worth trying. . .' Tho Roman Catholic Bishop of Melbourne arrived in Ballarat by yesterday's afternoon train,, qud was received by the" Very Rev. Dean Moore, _who escorted the bishop to tho /Presbytery, ia Victoria-street, ., The right" rev., prelate is visiting Ballarat for tho purpose of laying tho foursdalion-stono of Sc. Alipius' Church,- Victoria-street, on uext Fiuiday. .. . . A- .salo.of diamonds took placo. at tbo Mol bourno Shipping Exoiiango, Goiiius-strcet west, this day, by Mr. H. A. Coffey.'and the result has been that an ontiro parcel was disposed of,- comprising thirty-eight, lots, combinations and single stone3. Tho attend- anco was full, biddings spirited, and t-hc ro- suit is equal to tho auticinations of the ven dors and auctioneer, as tlio purchasers were for the most pnit connoisseurs as to tho gems submitted to their competition. : Tbo Bank of Victoria will lose a little blood, just a_ little, over the case of Hallett against them in the juries of twelve court to day. Plaintiff sued for the wrongful din- honor of/ bh cheque of £1S 10s. Tho' misl tako was admitted, but' tho defendants pleaded, in efioot, that plaintiff was only a poor man. -"-Ultimately- they -'contented to 'a .vordiot for £50., ... : -. An . unaeeouutablo want of .punctuality jwas shown t-bis morning in the commence- ment of tho Equity Court, to tho great jirritation of tho gentlemen of the bar, who wore kopt waiting for more than an liour. ; Exclamations of "This is awful " and "Pre- postcrous" wcro. heard on all sides! So it wa9. 1 ; ; At -the East Collingwood Police Court this .morning, : two .respectably dressed young womou named . Elizaboth Rvan and Anu ;MeagliorI;were charged with/having on the l2oth rnst, stolen a bundlo of sheeting valued at- £5, from tho shop of Mr. Mark | Fy- A-jPrimafacic ease was made out; and the prisoners woro committed for trial, bail "boing allowed in two sureties of £100, and themselves in £200 each. Before tho eamo bench, ,/ two apprentices,' named James Regan and George Glanfort, were charged, on warrant, with having doierted from their employers, Messrs. Smith and- Moran, boot manufnolurers. As, 'however, it Was shown that thero was a flaw-in the indentures, -tho -lads were discharged, Susan Blair was sopt to prison for forty eight hours for using obs'cone language.' A story has reached tho "Bendigo Advcr- tisor, of tho adventuros of a pair of turtle dovos last- evening, whilo billing and oooinp somewhere over at Back Crock. It appears that a young lady and gontlemau wore taking their walks abroad-, some time after dark when, as tho tale' is told, unto them a ghost appeared— a terrible figure in white-i- which moved noiselessly into their; vicinity, and, aiter making some warning gestures; suddenly mid mysteriously disappeared. The damsel tainted, and lior sterner companion, it is.said, confesses to haying shaken in his manly shoes, .that they saw something whioh thoy. had reason tobeliove lo bo supornat ural, they aro prepared to make oath : but if there aro r!,m young people about Baok Creek likely- to bo jealous of cither of them, or fond of practical joking, perhaps a olno to tho mystery of tho- apparition may bo obtainable. 