Notes of a Visit to Fiji. I (BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.)' (CONTINUED.) OF couran ono could not long bo in Levuka witno being engaged in some way in the great Governtue controversy. Indeed, ho could havo uo dealings wi anyone, in mouoy matters especially, without havii the question per force thrust upon him. and tho rest generally, so far ns land my companions can_ auswi is that a stronger is driven into tho opposition j f although tho theory of an indépendant kingdom Fiji may bo all very fine, people who havo no_ i.euuli interest in tho matter, ono way or another, object to victimised iu oidor that tho idea may bo carried ot When I exchanged somo of my good British gold f Fiji Government money at par, I was naturally led make somo inquiry iuto the Government qucstiou, wh< I found that the five- dollar Government note, for whit I had given twenty good shillings was in most eas refused on my tendering it in payment, or was taken, i a great favour to me, at a discount of 4s. People tl not like to loose 4a in tho pound, aud when they do, a: apt to take an unfavourable view of the causo of thc loss. Thero was certninly nothing disgusted me i much as tho way I was taken advantage of by tho io tiatod «,f Levuka. When I landed there I had a vei vague idea of what tho Government of Fiji consister or how it was supported, and when I saw that it had lai'go number of uotes iu circulation, I presumed thi its paper money was as good for gobi as tho pnper \ circulation amongst any other British community. C receiving payment of a small debt which had been coi tracted to mo in ¡Helbouruo by a person now resident i LevuKa, I uever hesitated to tako payment in Gove mont notes at their full nominal value, when he tenden them to me a few days after my arrival in Levuka ; ar I certainly was very much annoyed, when I offert them in payment of my hotel bill, tobe told that thc would only bo tuleen from mo as payment at the rate < 16s, or at u discount of 4s in the pouud. On aiiotkt occasion I wanted topiirubnsesome goods, and iny preciov notes were actually thrown back to me as so much rul hish. I know enough of mercantile mattors to bo awai that when tho paper of a firm is nob negotiable, it mu« bo very near insolvency, or must bear a very ba character, mid lam afraid tho bad odour in which th paper money of tho Fiji Government is held, is ver much owing to tho same causes. One's suspicion of th character of tho men who would put such piper int circulation is increased when bo examines tho not closely. It is a curiously worded, and a cunningl devised document. Most of tho Government notes ai for five dollars of 4s in the dollar, so that a five-dolln note is equal iu va'uo to an English £1 noti But its resemblance goes no farther. The English not is a promise to pay, upon demand of tho holder, th amount mentioned in tho body of the note. Th gentlemen who constitute the Fiji Government are fu too wide awake to commit themselves to any such prc miso to pay or to any dato-they simply say, " th bearer of this is entitle I to receive from the Treasury Levuka, five dollin-s." but when tho bearer is entitled t receive his five dollars is not mentioned, nor is thez'e an promise ou their part to pay him. The wonder is hoi such a document, which on the very taco of it bears th stamp of evasion if not of absolute dishonesty, coull for ono moment havo been tolerated by thc peoplo. But amazing us it is, thero tho notes aro, fully fivo thon saud pounds uomiual worth of thom in circulation, en trapping unwary strangers who trust in them. I mysel know au industrious tradesman in Levuka who hold fully eight hundred pounds worth of thoso notes, wh has given h¡3 goods and his timo and his labour in ci chango for them, and who, if the gentlemen of th Fiji Government do not make good their engagement! will, as ho told me himself, be altogether ruined, bo ievo that tho prosent Chief Sscrotary h making t fiori to recall these notos, but there are still ninny thoiisaur in circulation ; sud indeed no ono knows kow many ni in circulation ; for tho Clerk of tho Treasury who kev. tho Kegister bolted " ouu iiuu day, and carried off th register with him or destroyed it, for it lia's not beei seen sinao ; and it is well kuown that thero aro man; notes out in duplicato ; that tho samo noto with th' samo number and signature, and for tho same sum, ii held by different people at one and the same time-whicl is tho right noto, or whothor thoy aro both right is aol known. As to getting your notes cashed at " Thc Treasury, Levuka," you might as well expect to gel them cashed at " Thu Bank of Lovo " Iudced I have knowu tho notes of thnt establishment to bo wort! something, even as curiosities. Tho Government ol Fiji refuse altogether to nckuowlcdgo the claims whicl: their bantlings have on them; and " tho bearer " of their precious issue is summarily disposed of by being informed that there is no money for him, aud that thc door lies in his proximity. A stranger to Levuka, whom 1 know very well, and who had been " taken in " by somo of these notes, determined to try what his being entitled to receive fivo dollars at tho Treasury, Levuka "' wa« worth. Ho hail a fivo dollar note of his own, anl I gàvo him one which I hud. So with tho two notes ho proceeded to tho Treasury, (which by tho way ¡sn little dirty room attached to what they cull tho parliament houso.ia Levuka.) Tho victimized stranger presented his two uotes mid demanded payment in coiu. Ho was informed that thero was no coin to give him Ho asked tho official if hu would bo kind enough to put that down in writing, for his futuro information and delectation. Tho official hummed and hawed, and finally beat a retreat into nu inner chamber, whence after somo mumbling from within, issued tho honorable tho Treasurer himself. Thu victimized stronger repeated his requests to that ilistititutished individual, who scorned to bo equally puzzled with his subordínalo, for lie could not give tho money aud ho would not give th« written documcut ; so after a lot of hothor, ho promised to lot tho strauger havo his two pounds. Thc clerk was sent out, and tho stranger waited iu " tho Treasury " for fully three, quarter* of au hour, while lia was away hunt ing among tho storekeepers on tho beach for cash for theso two miserablo ouo pound notes. At last ho got silver for thurn, and handed it to tho strauger, who loft tho office in triumph, in which I participated, for I got twenty shillings for my live dollin* note, when if it had not been for his bullying, I never wonl i have got a (?ixponco. I havo heard it said that tho Government could not have huon carried tm if theso notes hud not boen issued. I havo no doubt that it could not. But I should think that if a government cannot exist, or a mercantile firm cannot curry on business, without ox hibiting flush paper, they hud better shut up at onco. Tho truth is that tho Government of Fiji is nothing but (ispoculntioii, and these notes wero issued iu tho hopo that " ROiiiPthiug would turn up " to entibio tho govern meut to puy them. They wero like Mr. Micuuber's "notas af hand ;" liku them indeed so fur UH their chtiuco of ticing paid wiisu mero ghost, hut ttuliko them, in that their issuers hud promised nothing, while poor Micituher had signed his narnu to a contract, which if ho did not keep, would be enough to put hint into gaol, 1 do not think that it is saying too much to nssort f lint theso notus were issued when thorn wus only a ghost of a chnncti of the government being able to poy thuin. It is said tho King gtiiiimitei.a them with his huid, tío fur UH I kuow Thu.kamliau hus given no such guarantee, nuil oven though ho has it is ns worthless ns lim notoa themselves. What lands does ho put in guárante» for thom V His tillo tu the sovereignly of tim Fiji group, so far as mun-tenth* ol' it is concerned, is a nominal ona only. His real sovereignty extends only to Un ti, Oviiluu, to Booie of tho const districts adjacent to Bau on Viti Lovu, and to the miall islands near to Ovalan ; but oven in these territories ho has to take his own subordinate chiefs into account ; for the indépendant sovereignty of each chief enters strongly into Fiji polity. If it should ever bo sought to tako up those Government notes ty levying the amount off tho people, or by seissiug their lands and ejecting them from thom, all the guarantees of King Thakambuu will not allay the storm which will bo raised ; and which, unless suppressed by au outside power, will sweej) away both Thakambau and his Govern ment There micrht have been a better chanco if the Government of Fiji had obtained the sympathy and support of the white residents of the islands. What little countenance they dill receive, when they first started, has rapidly vanished away; and now, I am sure that they have not a single supporter ambng tho white population of the islands, except that portion of it who are in receipt of its pay us officials. There is a poll tax of one pound per head on tho labour employed on tho plantations, which should be paid by tho planters, and which, if it wore paid, would amount to a consider able sum. But, as a matter of fact, it is not paid ; and what few planters did at firs', answer the call mudo upon thom, have now declined further contributions, while the vast majority have, from first to last, refused to have anything to do with tho Govornmcnt It is upon the plauters that the success of the Government must in tl e main depend, and when they refnso their support I c'.o not seo how it is to bc wrung out of thcui. There is no force to compel payment of taxes, except it be a native force ; and there is Fomethiug so repugnant in coercing British subjects by means of a coloured race, that I am sure that, if for no other reason, any forced levy would be stoutly resisted. This subjection of _ the British to the natives is necessarily a part of the idea of an indépendant Kingdom of Fiji, and for that reason alone such a government can never have any stability. Had there been a Kingdom of Fiji, ruled by a native prince, in pxistence when the islands first began to be peopled by the British, it might have been that they would have accepted the situation, and submitted to its authority ; but now, when there are fully two thousand 1 ritish subjects resident in these islands, %vho have invested large capital in cotton plantations and other industries, it is too late to teek thur submission to a Government which has come into existence _ long after their interest in the islands has been established ; and which is set up not by the nativo chiefs or people, but by a parcel of scheming adventurers from the Austra lian colonies. Tho planters of Fiji, I know myself, number"many gentlemen of largo means, and of the highest character, and they certainly do not see their way to transfer their allegiance from their own rightful sovereign to an upstart government and a puppet king. The gentlemen af the Fiji Government very coolly tell them that if they don't like the new state of affairs, they may pack up their bags aud go. It may Buit the little game of the gentlemen of tho Fiji Gorernment to tell them so ; but tho planters, I rather think, are not going to ho disposed of in such a summary way. They were in the islands long before the new political lights rose upon them ; and they Mill rather stay and protect their properties against marauders, or by whatever namo they may call themselves. No doubt some government is urgently required in tho Fiji Islands, but the common sense and the natural instincts of every man of British origin in them lead3 him to look to annexation to Great Britain, by which alone its benefits can really be obtained; and he has no faith in new-fangled nativo kingdoms, and especially in such as tho new Kingdom of Fiji, which he believes is got up not to benefit the real interests of tho country, but to gratify tho vanity or suit the purposes of conceited visionaries and unprincipled adventurers, and to provide place and pay for a lot of swindling specula tors. And anyone who will only compare tho wants of tho country, and what a government was really re quired for, with the system that has been inaugerated, will admit that such really seems to bo tho case. How ever, things wore iu such a state that a government or controlling authority of some kind could no longer be done without. Tho white population had greatly in creased ; much capital had been sunk in cotton and sugar plantations and other industries. Tho planters in the out-lying districts were opon to attack at any moment from tho natives, and, indeed, how much they are so still, notwithstanding the existence of this boasted ¡ Government, is painfully shown by tho brutal slaughter of a planter, his wife, nnd three children, besides some twenty of his hired labourers a few weeks ago by tho natives on tho Ba Coast. On tho other hand, tho very isolation and danger of their poaitiou, no doubt com bined iu many casus with a brutal temper, encouraged aud enabled tho planters to trent their labourers with I tyrannic cruelty, so that in tho interests of humanity, i as woll as for tho safety of tho well-conducted settlor (for theso cruelties aro surely retaliated by indiscrimi nate revenge) some interference was necessary. Besides these masons, tho commercial transactions of the store keepers of Lovuka, both with tho colonies and the planters, had becomo so cxtunsive and important that some authority or court capable of adjusting disputes, and maintaining the rights of the different parties, was loudly called for. And I have no doubt that had thc wholo of tho white population of the islands been con sulted, Homo sort of system would havo been devised by which such wants would have been supplied, and which would likely have had some elements of stability in it nt least suflieiont to answer all purposes until the country was in a position to claim to be taken nuder British pro tection ; but instead of that, a Government is sot up by a sort of coup d'etat', tho inhabitants of Lovuka are iuformed that King Thakambau has been pleased to form a Kingdom of Fiji, and establish a Constitution, aud call certain gentlemen, for tho most part persons of some notoriety elsewhere, to as.-ist him in carry ing it on, and they aro politely requested to provide funds for the samo. It is quito truo that Thakambau has been for a long timu anxious to establish regnlar laws and government among his people, ami thereby supplement and completo tho work of tho Wesleyan missionaries who havo Christianized thom. But his sovereignty extended to only a portion ol'tho lslnnds, and tho whito population wera scattered over every part of them; so that tho projector of tho present system, iu order to tako advnntngo of his wish, and include all tho whito peoplo iu their scheme, had to extoud his sovereignty to chiefs aud peoplo who had never previously beou snbjoct to him. It was not with out great difficulty that thia was dono j but after much troublo tho windward chiefs gavo in their submission. Still, tho great island, except on some parts of tho coast, is freo from Thakambau's rule, nnd tho cannibal chiefs of tho interior bid defiance to everybody Even with tho submission of tho windward chiefs Thakam Imu's sovereignty is a vory nominal ouo, and rests on tho flimsiest foundation, which will crumble away at his death. But it was ii3 if this sovereignty had a real mid consu hinted being, und was not a murouauio-tho creal ion ol' tho Fiji Government itself-that a most elaborate and costly Constitution was drawn un and sought to bo established. It is so extravagant in its pretensions aud wa H ushered in by such hiu'h sounding Humes, thnt ono is instinctively led to doubt tho honesty of 'Vu projectors ; certainly it' it; woru a moreantilo speouhitio'u which were sut on foot in thu Ramo wuy, tho prospectus would at oneo ho unid to doolam something very much like a swindle. l¡y tho Constitution Act tho Government is declared to bu " a Constitutional Monarchy" under " His Majesty Thakambau, his heirs mid successors." '' Tho supremo power is dividud into Executive, Logislnlivo, and Judicial." Thu Exoeutivo . department is administered by five Chief Secretaries of Stato, "A Chief Secretary " and '. Minister for Foreign Affuirs," a " Minister of Tradoand Commerce," a "Min ister of Lands and Works," a " Minister of Finance, ' a "Minister of Nativo Affairs " The Minister of Lands holds also, I believe, the portfolio of " Premier." The "Legislatnro' ' consists of a Houseof Assembly, composed of elected representatives, and other white residents, and presided over by a Speaker. The " Privy Council," which corresponds to an Upper House in some respects, but without any independent legislativo functions, con sists of tho principal nativo chiefs, the native governors of tho different provinces, and tho "Cabinet"' of the King. Tho "Judicial" establishment consists of a Supremo Court, presided over by a Chief Justice and two puisiue judges ; District, or V ardens' Courts, as they arc<called, presided over by paid magistrates; and ordinary Justice of the Poaco Courts, presided over by honorary justices. Attached to each department and to euch court thero aro numerous officials and clerks, bringing up the Civil Service roll to a pretty good siz-j indeed. The military establishment has for its head the Kiug, who is .' Commander-in Chief of tho Armies and Navies of Fiji," the affairs of which are (admin istered from tho " Adjutant General's"" Office." Not withstanding these high-sounding names the army of Fiji is a very small affair indeed. When 1 saw it at Moteriki, it consisted of about eighty men, who were busy at work cutting down some trees, and clearing the ground around a Fiji bouse which wa9 to be " the bar racks." They and their commander, who, I believe, is a retired non-commissioned officer of the line, did not seem to be a happy family ; at least he was growling because they would not learn their drill,- nor do what was bid them; and they were complaining that they were not paid their money, nor supplied with food. When I was there they asked leave to go look for somo, which I thought very queer in "an army." 