A HAUNTED SCHOOLHOUSE. tiie Alerrimacit Valley Visitor says : — in Now- buryport we have a schoolhouse thnt the school committee have been forced to adver tise ns closed to visitors, because curious crowds waited within ar.d without, to see the mysterious form of a ghost boy, who has been trotting around there for more than a year, seen frequently by tbe teacbor — who is not a spiritualist — and by most of the whole fifty pupils, who are too young (primary scholars) to mystify and deceive tbe peoplo, Tho schoolhouse is a one-storey building that would be tbe last place in town for a spirit from any happy abode to wish to renew its childhood in. There is an entry to the building, where is a flight of stairs to tbe attic, and a window look- ing into tho schoolroom. The teacher's desk brought hor back to that window, where the pupils told her a strange boy was playing his tricks, sometimes putting his head up to the glass nnd other times looking in. They do- scribed him, and when seen he has always been the same in dress and appenrance. To verify statements, sho changed ber seat to face the window, and by and bye tho face appear ed — Jack Frost upon the window pane. Not" doubting but it was roally a boy, sho took hor " ruler," tho emblem of her authority, and made for the ontry, and there she found him standing quietly in tho corner— one of the prettiest fnces she had ever seen, with a sweet smile on his beautiful lips, and needing a kiss more than a blow. His body, dressed in neat white clothes, boro tho appearance of one just past his first decade of years. His hair was almost white — a little tow hoad ; his face was pale as death, and his eyes a sweet blue. His face was older than his years, and he had the appearance of wisdom beyond his age. Sho advanced to him, and then ho dodged to the attic stairs. She followed — is now near enough to take hold of him — reached for him, but he is not there. He seemed to sink through tho stairs, and where she would grasp his person her band struck tbe floor. Ho was gone. Now wo have a veritable ghost — what is to be done ? Tho police thought they could capture him. They arrested a lad as the author of all this commotion — the town through ; and he had his choice to confess or take his chance for the reform- school. Tbe boy partially confessed ; but he was not punished, because his teacher and all the pupils and his parents knew that he was not the strange boy that looked in at tho window ; and the face continued to reappear when bo was away. Next a carpenter was sent to nail up the passage to the attic, but " if love laughs ' at locks " much more do ghosts. Tho little tow-head even made more noise than boforo. He turned the attic into a carpenter's shop, where he, too, sawed and pounded and nailed ; and, as if to demonstrate the futility of human forco to shut him out, he put his bead down through the ventilator and took a survoy of the school. Some of the children have been frightened, nnd one day one of them fainted ; bnt few of them aro excited about it. The teacher has Bpoken to him, and he only laugh ed from his happy faco. Tbo children looked at him, whom not one of them ever saw bo- fore, and ho returns tbeir glances with love in his soft, mild eyes ; but as yet bo has not told us who he is, whence he came, or what his mission. This comes nearest to a real ghost — a daylight ghost — of anything we have had in this city for years.- -New York Times. 