THE POSITION IN FRANCE. v The telegram which we publish else where , indicates an approaching struggle in ^iante, the issue of which it is difficult to forecast'. The Monarchists are making a, push for the supreme poorer, and they evidently wish to get rid of M. Thiers as President. Whether, ihey ; will succeed in this attempt seems, at present some what doubtful. If they do, then France will show herself very ung^ateM to the. man who kas.dMe so much lor her sii-,ce the -con^uesl tj£ Paris and the establish^ ment of a Republic. But political grati-f tu.de is not a virtue in which Frenchmen excel. In the hour of the nation's greatest extremity M-. Thiers eame to the front, assumed th& leading position* was^ to a considerable extent trusted by the people, and has worked like a galley, slave tut raise the nation front the de-i graded jpositiuumliTwurSlFhad fallen.; He established a Government on the basis of a moderate Republic, which So far haa done its work well. Large *ums of money have been raised to pay off the war indemnity ; and in the course of a few months the soil of France will be free from the foot of the conqueror. -The work which 3M. Thiers has had to, accomplish has not been an easy one. He: has been traversed and thwarted at every step. He has had ifco-watoh the intrigues of the Imperialists, the Red Republicans, the Orleanists, and the older Bourbons:; but so far he has been a match for the; whole: of them. The Reds gave France; too piquant a taste of tfreir quality: during their few days' rule in Paris- to; inspire much confidence, either in their; judgment or their actions. The Im-; perialists were nowhere in the race fot- ;power- Whatever remote chance theyj might have had was lost when the dark] shadow of death fell upon the 'man of December' at Ghislehurst, and. the ad-| ?mirers of the Bonaparfces. dared not put; forward the claims of the Emperor's; son to the Throne of France. , The Orleanists have undoubtedly been^the; strongest enemies M. Thiers has had; to contend against. Their Princes were: moderate men who could restrain their; ambition so as to wait the tide of events,', meanwhile working quietly through an, influential section of the National As-| sembly. The Chambordists' alone have, never had the ghost of a chance, and; whatever influence they have exerted has been through attempted coalitions with the Orleanists. ! M. Thiers was a quarter of a century' ago Louis . Philippe's favorite Minister, \ and during the long .reign of Napoleon, he remained true to the interests of his; old master and his family-. The Emperor could .never bribe Thiers over to his. side. It; was ;©nly after! :the abdication, that the 'little man. inspectaeles' came .from his retirement to give what service he yet possessed to his country, ' We all re member how during the last weeks of the war he wandered about from Court to Court to ask for sympathy andjielpforppor France. And when a stable Grovernment was required he was called to the front, trusted, for the moment at least, by all parties. He was then an old man of ! over seventy, but he cheerfully placed , his services at the disposal of his bleeding] country. There can be but little, doubt, that the Orleanists relied on his passive, if not active, aid in re-establishing the: dvnastv of their family ; but. 'the old man; was bravely true to the Republic de facto. '. He was not a Republican in sentiment. His sympathies were all with a Constitu-i tional Monarchy. But he sacrificed his5 own preferences for what he believed to ! be the best interests of his country.; France would not have the Orleanists,; and would have the Republic; and to maintain the Republic has been the great; endeavor of M. Thiers. More than once: an abortive attempt has been made at a' 'fusion' between the elder and the; younger branches of the Bourbons. The' Compte de Chambord, who calls himself j Henri the Fifth, was, however, such an1 obstinate man — the very type of the; Bourbons, who never learnt wisdom: through experience — that any cause he! touched was sure to faiL If Monarchy i was to have any chance, therefore, it was - through the sons of Louis Philippe, and these Princes were wise enough to bide their time. . Meanwhile the Government of M. j Thiers was acknowledged even l-y him- ? self to be only provisional until the nation should have an opportunity of speaking out at the general election. The| ground taken by the President was — that it was for France herself to say what form her future Government should as sume. While she remained a Republic, with himself at her head, he would honestly maintain the , form of Govern ment already established. He has, during his administration, had to fight all parties to maintain the Republic. He had to mediate between contending parties, restraining some and encouraging others ; and his possession of power has brought him more than the ordinary anxieties which always attend its posses sion — especially ill France, Tt appears now that a crisis is approaching. Our telegram published on Monday informed us that two of the Ministers had resigned, and that their resignations -had been ac cepted. These were Baron de Goulard and M; Jules Simon ; and following on this we find that a number of {the Orleanists and Legitimists have combined to attempt the overthrow of M. -Thiers, and to nominate the Due d'Aumale as Presi dent of the Republic, and a trusted mes senger, the Due de Rochefoucault, had gone to Vienna to obtain the consent of the head of the Bourbons to -the nomina tion. The Due d'Aumale is the fourth son of the late Louis Philippe, and is considered to be the ablest man of his family. He pursued an active career during the reign of his father, and on the Revolution of 1848 he retired to England, where he has since resided. As heir of the princely house of Conde' he possesses an ample fortune, and his whole career has shown that he is not without ambition. Should he, with the assistance of the Compte de Chanibord, sucrieed M. Thiers as President of the Republic, it will, of course, be with ulterior designs on the throne. An Orleans Prince, sup ported by a Bourbon Pretender, will not be content to remain a simple Pre sident, if he can by any safe means re-establish the Monarchy. His preten sions, therefore, threaten mischief to the Republic. There are, however, both amongst -the moderate- Republicans and the Reds, some able men, who will watch and oppose his game to the utmost of their ability; Much will depend on the course taken by President Thiers. If he is wil ling* -to retire to make way for the son of his old master, the move may be a sucj cessful one ; if not, he will be supported! by a . considerable body . of able men in the National Assembly, and probably by the most orderly of the French people. Time— perhaps' a very short time— will allow. r -? ? r— « — ^r— . ?-?: 