CHAPTER IL WHAT DUKE VAS0N SAW AND HEABD. A long avenue of firs, black against the evening sky, led up to the house. Through the spectral trees the wind wailed in avery uncomfortable and ghastly way, considering the evil reputation of the place, and I don't think Mr. Mason would have been very much surprised, if the fair-haired cavalier, all glory and ghastly, had stepped out from beneath the sombre shadows, and barred his way. Nothing ever did surprise Duke very greatly, for that matter, he might have been a scion of all the Tudor Plantage nets, so unaffectedly nonchalant was he. Grasping his walking stick a little tighter, Mr. Mason made his way up tne gloomy avenue of firs. It was quite dark now, and the very " blackness of darkness" reigned in this most gloomy drive. There would be a moon presently , pending its rising, the gloom of Tartarus reigned. It was just a quarter of a mile to tbe house. Five minutes sharp walking brought him to it, looming up a blacker, bulkier Bbadow among the shadows. A long, low, irregular mansion, much inclined to run to chimneys, and gables, and turrets, with small leaden casements, and two lamps burning over the portico entrance. If it had been broad day, and be ciuld bave deciphered anything through the ivy, the intruder might bave read how the bouse bad been built by one Sir Henry Lyndith, m 1552, when good Queen Bess, that first as«erter of woman'a rights, had ruled merry Englasd with an iron rod. The neglected grounds were entirely overrun with tall ferns, the trees grew unpleasantly close to the small diamond pane casements. One gigant'C elm spread its branches so near, that swinging himselt into ita lower arms, Mr. Mason could sit at his ease and stare through the only lighted windows in the long facade of the dreary mansion, A wa} in the rear another light glimmered, from the kitchen regions, no doubt. Along the front, a red glow shone from the curtainless and open case- ments, and mora vividly interested than he had ever been in the whole course of his life before, Duke Mason bent forward to listen and look. " If it were a Btall in the third row of the Bri- tannia, and I was waiting for the curtain to rjse on a new drama of my own, I could not feel one whit more breathlessly absorbed," the young man thought " I wonder what Rosanna would say if she could see me now, and I wonder how this lark of mine is going to end. Won't the fellow stare when he finds tbe key gone s" ' The picture Mason saw was one that haunted him is his sleeping and waking dreams his life long A long low room, oak paneled, oak floored, with here and there rich rugs, covering its slippery black- ness, faded tapestry on the walls, tapestry wrought centuries ago by many a fair Editb and Alice of the Lyndtth race, massive furniture, rickety with time, a wood fire blazing cheerily on the hearth, the only cheery thing in the apartment, and a little cottage piano in the corner standing open, with music upon it, as if tbe performer bad but lately left The piano was the only modern innovation. The room took you back a couple of centuries, and the cavalier with his powdered love locks, his velvet doublet, his lace ruflies, and deadly rapier, would have looked much more a proper gentleman in yonder, than a young man of Mr. Mason's sort m a cutaway coat, mutton.-chop whiskers, ead the baggy, cross-barred trousers, so dear to the masculine British heart. " A very charming bit of still life, after Watteau," thought the spectator; "a very pretty interior in- deed. Now if the dramatis personas would but appear!" The thought had barely crossed his mind, when, as if it had evoked her, the door opened, and a young lady came in. Duke gave a gasp-. Here was the sleeping beauty, the bidden princess, the mysterious honri of the haunted house, herself. "And, by Jove! a beauty of the first water!" thought Puke, with as near an approach to enthu» Biasm as was m b13 nature, " the best looking young I woman I've seen this month of Sundays " Mr Mason was right-she wai, very prett}-very pretty indeed A petite figure.slim, vouthful, supple, | two great dark e} es that lit up her small lace like I dusk atara, a profusion of waving v ellovv hair, tbat fell in a shining shower to hpr waist It was belore the dft}s of gold powder and copper filings so that abundant cloud of amber tresses was doubtless the lad}'a own, direc* from a beneficent Providence, in- stead of a Parisian hairdresser The large dark e}e«, and the golden hair made such a verj remarkable contrast that you quite forgot whether her nose were aquiline or Grecian, whether her forehead were high or low, her mouth a rosebud or otherwise A dress of wine-colored silk trailed behind her, diamonds twinklea m her ears and on her hands, and in the fire-light she made a picture so dazzling that Duke gazed breathless, bewitched She went up to the mantel, a tall structure of black marble, and leaning lightly against it, looked steadfastly into the red flame Her clasped hands hung loosel} before her, the willowv figure drooped, the straight black brows were bent, the mouth compressed, the whole attitude, the whole expression full of wear}, hopeless pain " Can that be the heroine of Dr Worth's story ?" Duke wondered " She bad a child, and this small beauty seems little better than a child herself. I shouldn't take ber to be seventeen. No, it's quite impossible, it can't be the same. She's uncommonly pretty, and got up regardless of expense, but she's is ver} bad humor all the same " For nearly ten minutes the young lady stood, without moving, still gazing with knit brows into the leaping firelight Then, with a long, heartsick sigh, she started, crossed the room once or twice, always lost m deep and painful thought, then sud- denly seated herself at the piano, and began to sing. She began very low and plaintively, but aa she sung ber voice rose, her black ejes kindled, a flush passed over the clear dark pallor of her face Her whole heart was in the song, " Roberto oh tu che adoro p' Lovingly, lingerinly, and with a sort of impassionat« intensitj, she dwelt on the name, on the caressing Italian words, " Roberto oh tu che adoro ^ Then, more suddenly than she had sat down, she arose, her whole face working, and held out her arms with a suppressed sob "Robert'" she cried, "oh! my Robert 1 my Robert I come back '" Duke Mason thrilled to the heart as be watched that passionate, despairing gesture-as he heard that wild appeal It was the old commonplace story, then-so old, so commonplace, so unspeakably pathetic always-" crossed in love," as the house- maids call it This beatmful and mysterious fairy princess, imprisoned here, bad a lover in the back- ground, just like ordinary young persons, and a flinty-hearted parent or guardian had shut her up here, pending such time as she should come to her senses Just at that instant the rapid roll of wheels out- side told Dukb the chaise was returning An in- stant later and the gates were flung wide open, and the chaise whuled rapidly up the drive to the house " I wonder what he thought when he found the key gone 1" reflected Mr Mason, with a chuckle The chaise stopped before the portico entrance, and, by the light of the lamps, *he watcher in the tree saw a tall man spring out, say a few words rapidly and authoritatively, as one accustomed to command, and disappear into the house The car- riage was driven round to the rear, and silence fell upon Lyndith Grange The young lady m the lighted room had heard, and seen too When Duke looked again, her whole attitude had changed She stood erect, her little figure seeming to dilate and grow tall, her head thrown hack, her great eyes alight, her small hands tightly clenched. " Like a little gamecock ruffling his feathers for the combat," thought the watcher " I wonder if this is Robert now' Not likely though, or she wouldn't look quite so belligerent." That moment the door was flung open and the gentleman entered A tall gentleman, elderly and stout, and florid and good-looking, with a great pro- fusion of whiskers and iron-gray hair A gentleman as grim and stern as Lyndith Grange itself, who gave the young lady a cool glance, a cool nod, and a cool greeting ' How do, Olivia ? How do you find yourself to- night ? Any change for the better since I saw you last, two weeks ago °" He whirled up the easiest chair in the room before the fire as he spoke, stretched out his loug legs to the blaze, threw back his bead, looked half contemp tuouslj, half compassionately at the rigid figure of the girl " Don't stand there as stiff as though you were posing for one of Pygmalion's atatueB, Olivia," said the gentleman , " and, for Heaven's sake, don't let us have any high tragedy to-night It's all very well on the boards of Covent Garden, but in private life let us drop the tragic toga Come up here, and let me see bow you look, and tell me if you are tired of Lyndith Grange, and the rats, and the ghosts, and the solitude, ana if you are prepared to listen to reason, and return to town yet. Come !" She drew near obediently, leaning in her first attitude against the mantel, her large, starr} e}es looking bigger and blacker than ever with excite- ment and defiance. The firelight shone upon them both-a very striking picture, on the girl's dark red dress, and loose golden bair, on the man's black whiskers, and stern, powerful face. There waa a resemblance between them both that marked them of the same blood, and some of the man's iron will flashed back at him out of the girls impassioned eyeB "I will never gc back to town on your terms, Uncle Geoffer} '" she said, her voice trembling with excitement " Never ! never ! I can live here-I can die here, if you will, but I'll never yield ' I only wish I could die, but I live on, and on, with all that makes life worth living for gone " Her lips trembled, her voice died away Tbe man looked at her with a sneering smile "Which translated means Robert Lisle is gone, and after him the deluge I wonder you like to allude to him, my dear Disgrace has rarely come to people of your blood, and such disgrace as you have brought upon us, rarely comes to any family You will not yield. May I ask what you mean to dof" " You shall hear. Uncle Geoffrey," looking at him with a strange, wild light in her dark, dilated eyes " You know the Black Pool over yonder among the firs ? Well, sometimes when I remember ail that is past, of all that is coming, I juet think I will go down there, and throw myself m and make an end of it" The gentleman shrugged his shoulders, the sneering smile still on his faoe " Indeed ' That sensational idea I am quite sure passes away very quickly. And then V The girl looked away from bim into tile fire ' You are harder than stone, harder than iron, Geoffrey Lyndith. You have neither heart nor eon science 1" " My dear Olivia," Mr Lyndith said, still smiling, " don't be violent, and don t resort to vituperation it's always a woman's resource when worsted, apd poor things how easily they are worsted in any con- troversy whatever yes, I daresay I seemed hard to you, my poor Liyey, but you must recollect we Lynditbs are a hard race, from old Sir Malise, who ran the young cavalier through the body, in this very room, I believe My late lamented brother, your father, was a hard man, and if j ou didn't inherit a little of the traditional hardness, my love, you wouldn't rebel and persist m rebellion m this obstinate fashion And you know, my child, you owe us some reparation for the disgrace of the past " " Disgrace " repeated the girl, witn sullen anger, " you needn't use that word quite so often, I think I'll not marry Su- Vane Charteris, if that's what you mean I'll not' I'll die first !" " ¿till Mr Lyndith looked at her, as a man might look at a headstrong child, resisting with all its small might " You'll die first! My poor little romantic Livey ! It's so easy to say that- so very hard to do. The heroines of your favourite three volume novels die upon the smallest provocation, I am aware-drop quite naturally of heart- disease in the midst of a ball-room, or go off with a hectic flush upon their cheeks, and an unnatural lustre in their eyes, when their Charleses or their Roberts desert them. But we don't do that in every-day life, and you come of suoh an unromantically healthy and long-lived race, my Olivia-much more likely to finish with apoplexy or gout than poetic heart disease or decline. And I don't think you'll kill yourself. Life is very sweet to young persons of nineteen, even though they have lost their Robert-" The girl started up, goaded to a sort pf frenzy. " Uncle Geoffrey, do you want to drive me mad. Don't go too far! I warn you, it is not safe! Ab, Heaven have pity, for there is none on earth!" She broke out into such a wild storm of hysteri- cal sobbing that the man she addressed was really a little startled. Only a little, for he knew women very well; and he knew when the tears and sobs come they are by no means at their most dangerous. When the lightning blazes there ¡B some cause for alarm ; when the rain pours the storm is pretty well spent. He sat and watched her as she wept, her whole slight form shaken by her sobs- watched her quite calmly. Duke Mason, on the outside, set his teeth, and clenched his fists, and felt S bue born Briton's in- stinct of hitting out from the shoulder strong within him. I I " What a comfort it would be to go in and polish off the scoundrel !" thought Mr. Mason. Geoffrey Lyndith stretched out his hand and touched her. She shook it off as tbongh it had been a viper. " Don't touch me !" she cried-" don't speak to me ! You have been the cruelest guardian, the most unfeeling uncle that ever lived. You say my father was a hard man. Perhaps so ; but he never would have broken my heart and driven me to despair, as you have done r " Your father would have broken Robert Leslie's head!" retorted her uncle, cooly. "He would have shot bim like a dog, as be waa, and instead of bear- ing with your rebellious humours as I bave done, he wojld have made you marry Sir Vane Charteris months ago. Take care, Olivia, that you do not weary even my patience and forbearance. Take care I do not force you to obey !" " You cannot !" " That remains to be seen. What is to hinder my fetching Sir Vane and a clergyman down here, and marying you out of band ?" "No clergyman would perform such a marriage." " The Reverend George Loftus would. He owes me bis living, and he understands this case exactly, and knows I am but obeying your late father's in- structions. I give you one more week, Olivia. If your reason has not returned by that time, we vyill try what a little wholesome coercion will do. Once mar- ried, these wnims and vapours of yours will end. You will like Sir Vane-women aj wa} s 1>ko their hus- bands after marriage, you know, snd I dara say you'll be a very sensible wife, as wives go, yet. I'm going down to dinner, now." He pulled out his watch. " Will you take my arm, Miss Lynditb ?" " No, I want no dinner."* " As yon please. Think matters ovar my dear, and for pity's sake «io try to be calm, and drop melo- drama. Give me your promise, and I will fetch you back to town to-morrow. We Lyndiths always keep our word." He left the room as he spoke. The girl crossed to the window, wringing her hands in frantic, helpless, despairing appeal. " Go !" she cried, ',' Is there so help in all Heaven and earth for me?" She was standing close by one of the windows, and the passionate prayer was scarcely uttered before it was answered. A man leaped ont from the elm-tree-a man's face looked at her through the glass-a man's voice spoke. " Don't be alarmed,"* said the voice, as the man pulled off his bat. " I'll help J ou, if jou'll only tell me how "' 