FOREST CULTURE. [From the Observer.] The present is an appropriate time both as regards season and the engagements of the farmers for calling attention once more to the subject of forest culture. In the course of a week or two seeding operations will be completed, and owners of land will be able to devote a few days at least to the impor- tant matter of tree- planting. For this work, the weather so far has been especially favour able, and there are not many agriculturists but will find it to their interest to put in. suitable trees along their headlands and in waste patches of ground. Apart from all climatic considerations, apart even from the question of providing firewood for the future, they will be well repaid for their forethought in being furnished with the means of shelter for their stock. This may not be deemed a point of much consequence at present, but as the colony progresses sheep and cattle keeping are sure to take a much more prominent place in the business of the farm than is the case at present. But, irregpectively of what may be done as the result of individual effort, the State has a duty to perform in the matter of forest culture and forest conservancy, which up to this time has, so far as this colony is concerned, been grossly neglected. Not long ago a mass of evidence was placed before the public which irresistibly supported the con- clusion that the native forests of South Australia are fast dwindling away, and that so provision is being made for supplying their places. The same startling facts have been brought to light in connection with the timber supply in other colonies, but the effects produced have, at all events in some instances, been more definite and practical. In Victoria the Government have been stimulated to action, and although they .have not been particularly happy in their choice of methods for the con- servancy of the forests, the fact that they are doing something is a great point gained. This has excited an emulative spirit on the part of Queensland, which has perhaps less cause than any of the other Australian provinces for apprehending a serioiuufecline in its stock of timber. The huge ???ets which cover so much of its surface seem to tho eye of the casual observer to place it beyond the reach of scarcity for an unlimited number of years, but amongst more careful students of the physical condition of long-settled countries a very different opinion prevails. At a recent meeting of the Acclimatization Society of Brisbane two papers were read— one by Mr. L. A. Bernays, the Chairman, and another by Mr. J. Jardine, a gentleman well versed in agricultural affairs. In both of these atress was laid upon the fact that under the licence system in force in Queensland no precautions whatever were taken for main- taining a supply of timber. Woodmen had carte blanche to cut down young and old trees together, and leave the branches strewed about the ground, as if for no other purpose, than to aggravate the effects of bush fires. We need hardly say that the same wasteful practice is encouraged in this colony, where the necessity of protecting forests is many-fold more urgent than it is in the case of our Eastern neighbour. Upon the subject of reserves and forest planting the remarks of Mr. Bernays are well worthy of attention. He recommends that in places where forests are now standing areas varying from two to six square miles each should be set apart, and kept free from woodcutters, except where it is necessary to thin out the timber. He further proposes that the forests outside these reserves shall not be thrown open un- reservedly to licence-holdera, but that only those trees shall be felled that have pre- viously been marked by the Rangers. This is going somewhat to the extreme, but after all it is a matter of detail which must be regulated by local circumstances. Referring to tree-planting— a subject encompassed by even greater difficulties than that of tree preservation— Mr. JBernays urges that in laying out reserves for plantations regard should be had as much as possible to the face that growing trees in arid untimbered country have the effect of attracting rain, and thus vastly increasing the value of large areas in which moisture alone is wanting to make the soil productive. 'The selections,' he adds, 'should therefore be made where the soil is naturally rich, but where the absence of timber and the natural fea- tures of the surrounding country create an exceptional and comparatively local degree of aridity.' There are districts in the North which exactly answer these condi- tions, and to these the Government should if possible first direct their attention. In subsequent paragraphs Mr. Bemays suggests the propriety of encouraging the private planting of trees by the reduction or mitiga- tion of rent, to which, with a view of meet- ing the case of freeholders, may be appended the suggestion of numerous correspondents in South Australia in favour of commuting for a time local rates. The succeeding pro- posal, that trees should be planted along the lines of railway, is one which Dr. Schom- burgk has frequently made, and which is now being acted upon in this colony. The suggestion that in selecting the descriptions of timber for planting a preference should be shown to the more useful species found nearest to each locality may answer very well in Queensland, but it must needs be accepted with caution as applying to this more scantily wooded colony. At the same time the idea thrown out both by Mr. Bernays and Mr. Jardine that nurseries should if possible be formed in different parts of the province is one well worthy of being turned to account. In taking in hand this matter of forest conservancy the Government cannot com- plain that they have no information to guide them as to the course they ought to adopt. It is true that forest culture, viewed as an economic science of national importance, is yet in its infancy in Australia; but such is not the case with regard to many countries in Europe, and some even in Asia. In Prussia the care of the forests is one of the most jealously-guarded duties of the State. Their Administration is entrusted to the Finance Department, chiefly, as it appears, because the sale of timber constitutes a highly important source of revenue, and because it is only by careful supervision involving a con- siderable outlay annually that this source can be permanently maintained. As a matter of fact the forests of Germany cover almost a fourth part of its surface, and the efforts of the Minister of Finance are systematically directed to their preservation. In like manner about one-fifth of the superficial area of Belgium is set apart for forest purposes; and in France scrupulous atten- tion is paid to the maintenance of a timber supply. In India the control of the forests is delegated to a body of thoroughly com- petent men, having under them a numerous and effective staff of rangers and labourers, whose duty it is to see that the regulations in force as to the cutting of timber are strictly observed, and that planting is attended to in placeswhere the old trees have been removed. Of course it will not be necessary for us to go to work upon such a comprehensive scale, but it is desirable that a start should be made, and that it should be made upon the right principle. This is not a matter that can be left to proclamations and to the per sonal oversight of two or three Rangers. If reserves are proclaimed, provision must be made for preventing promiscuous wood- cutting within them; if plantations are formed, protection must be afforded them ; if regulations are made, such a staff must be employed as will ensure their observance. Above all, it is necessary that there should be some one thoroughly conversant with the subject to take general charge of the forests and attend to their conservancy upon a systematic and effective plan. We hope that Mr. Krichauff, who in Parliament has ably seconded Dr. Schomburgk's efforts out of Parliament, will not allow this matter to sleep, but will press it upon the notice of the Government until something definite is done to provide against that timber famine which is becoming all too imminent. — — — EXECUTIVE COUNCIL.— His Excellency the Governor held a Council on June 18, at which all the Ministers were present except the Com- missioner of Crown Lands. THE ROAD ACT.— A special meeting of the District Chairmen's Association will be held to-day, at the Norfolk Arms, to discuss the pro- posed amendments of the Road Act. The Inspector of Public-Housbs.— We hear that the finding of the Government upon the report of the Board appointed to consider the charges brought by Mr. Fiveash against the Inspector of Public-Houses has been communicated to that officer. It is understood that the decision is adverse to Mr. Galbraith, who will therefore be required to quit the Government employ, but we are unable to state the precise manner in which his connection with tke Service is to be severed. HOURS OF LABOUR.— A public meeting, in furtherance of the eight hours movement, will be held this evening in the Port Town Hall. ST. PETER'S COLLEGIATE SCHOOL.— The distri- bution of honours at this institution will take place to-day, at 1 o'clock. BUSINESS APPOINTMENT.— As announced else- where, Mr. J. Woodman has been appointed musicseller to the Governor. THEATRE ROYAL.— The pantomime brough out at the Royal nearly a fortnight ago appear to have lost none of its popularity. On Wed- nesday evening the auditorium was well filled, and for more than two whole hours the music and amusements, fun and frolic, singing and dancing, together with the elegant spectacular scenes, kept the audience in a continual state of pleasurable excitement. 'Nan the Good for Nothing' concluded the evening's amusements. As the Theatre will close on Saturday, there remain but three more opportunities of seeing the pantomime. AMATEUR ENTERTAINMENT AT WALKERVILLE. —A most enjoyable entertainment was given on Tuesday evening in the Walkerville Schoolroom by some ladies and gentlemen connected with St. Andrew's Church and a few friends from other localities. The Rev. H. J. Poole, A.M. presided, and the room was well filled by a most appreciative audience, including not a few who had travelled some miles to be present. Brilliant performances on the piano and violin were interspersed with songs and readings. The was also a well-executed glee; and the evening wound up by the singing of the National Anthem, in which the company joined heartily. THE LATE MR. WATSON.— A private telegram from Mr. F. Palmer, the G.S. of the I.O. Good Templars in Melbourne, to Mr. G. W. Cole, of Adelaide, says—'Brother Watson, D.R.W.G.T., died this morning, and the funeral will take place on Saturday.' Mr. Watson, who lately came to this province from Queensland, left Port Adelaide on Wednesday, June 11, in a very precarious state of health, and his death, although not altogether unexpected, will be deeply regretted by a large number of people. THE RAINFALL. — The fallowing tabulated statement shows the quantity ol rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Tuesday and thes ame hour on Wednesday at the undermentioned places :— Tanunda ... 0.005 Mount Barker ... 0.060 Blanchetown ... 0.010 McGrath's Flat. 0.040 Kapunda ... 0.020 Queenscliffe Clare ,,, 0.010 (Victoria) ... 0.830 Burra ... 0.070 NARROW ESACPE FROM DROWNING. — The correspondent at Penola of the Border Watch has supplied the following account of a critical affair: — 'A young gentleman named Davis, an articled pupil of Mr. F. J. Packard, has re- cently constructed a canvas boat of very light material, rather too frail to trust on the swamps about here. However, it has been used success- fully in shooting expeditions. One advantage seemed to be its lightness, for he would frequently be seen trudging home with it on his head with the greatest ease. However, a shooting party was arranged on Tuesday last, consisting of the Rev. Mr. Marshall, Mr. F. J. Packard, Inspector Hunt, and the owner of the boat. They took a light spring-cart and the boat with them with the intention of getting some shooting at the swamps near the town. Mr. Davis launched the boat on the large swamp between the Penola Station and Woolshed to get at some swans in the centre. There are large tufts of rushes and also many weeds in the swamp, and the water is also of a good depth. Upon getting within shot he incousiderately fired over the side of the boat instead of along the line of keel, and the consequence was that the recoil caused her to ship water on the other side. Seeing that she was rapidly filling Mr. Davis jumped out and found that the water was up to his mouth. After some time he managed to get on a higher tussock than the rest, and emptied the boat and righted her, but he could not possibly set in. All sorts of suggestions were made from the water to the shore and from the shore to the water, but nothing of a feasible nature appears to have been done to rescue him until Mr. Marshall stripped and went in; but he found the water after some time too much for him, and had to come out. Mr. Packard also at tempted unsuccessfully to do the like, but the water was numbing and deepest round the shore, and Mr. Davis was a long way in. He found it best not to move, as several attempts only precipitated him into deeper water. Though a good swimmer he found it impossible to do anything in that way, unen- cumbered as he was with his clothes and the rushes and weeds. Mr. Porster, the overseer of the station, had been fetched, and tried all he could to reach the place on horseback, but bis horse proved very obstinate, and could not be got to travel in the water. After a long time Donald Fitzgerald, a lad employed on the station, came to the rescue, and succeeded in getting near enough on horseback to throw his stockwhip to Mr. Davis, who caught it, and was dragged ashore in a state of insensibility; in fact, he says he has no recollection whatever of the lad coming in the water, nor of seizing the whip. He was taken up to the station, and every care and attention was shown by Mr. Forster. The doctor was at once fetched, and after some time Mr. Davis was brought round, and eventually was able to come home. It is believed by the doctor that had he been five minutes longer in the water he must have been drowned, as he was so paralysed that nothing could have saved him. It will scarcely be believed, though such is the fact, that Mr. Davis was two hours in the swamp in the immediate vicinity of poles, ropes, hurdles, sheets of bark, and other appliances, that any one would imagine something could have been devised from. It must be gratifying to the lad to have saved a fellow-creature's life. Mr. Davis is able to get about, tut is still very weak. Being evidently of a strong constitution he will soon be all right again.' THE BLINMAN.— Affairs are remarkably quiet at this mine just now, many of the men recently employed being idle. In consequence of an alteration in the mode of letting the work having been decided upon by the Superintendent the men declined to take, and this accounts to a great extent for the suspension of operations. One or two furnaces are kept working, but as the quantity of ore on hand is small, this cannot continue long unless an agreement is some to between the authorities and the miners. The state of things is to be regretted, as while the men are unemployed trade is suffering. EXCHANGE ETIQUETTE.— The crowding of the Exchange Colonnade to the inconvenience of passers by has been frequently the subject of remark; but until Wednesday, June 18, no steps were taken to secure a remedy. A peaceable citizen represented the matter to the Commissioner of Police, and he then promptly told off a constable, whose only duty it is to keep a promenading space clear for people who wish to walk along the thorough fare. The policeman took up his pest of duty on Wednesday, and was immediately beset by a host of brokers, who plied him with banter. They pretended to regard him as a capitalist with an unlimited stock of Port Darwins, Edel- Maries, and all sorts of other shares, and they almost plagued the wits out of him by reiterated questions as to whether he had such and such stock, and what price he wanted. The poor fellow assured them that he was nothing beyond an 'innocent Bobby,' and that they were making him a party to just the thing he was commissioned to prevent. The appeal was not without effect, and so No. 71 was allowed to perambulate his beat without much further molestation, the share-dealers, however, con- fidently affirming that their visitor will speedily be metamorphosed into a full-blown member of their fraternity, and that this action on the part of the Commissioner is likely to have a disorganizing effect upon the whole force. MEETING OF PENSIONERS.— On Wednesday evening, June 18, a meeting, chiefly of pen- sioners, was held at the Freemasons' Tavern to consider the best means of forming a guard of honour for His Excellency on special occasions. About 25 persons attended, and Mr. A. King- don, who presided, stated that, no part of a regurent being stationed here, it was thought necessary to form a guard of retired members of the service. Messrs. J. S. Macguire, W. Will- mot, J. Darling. M. Monaghan, and J. G. O'Keefe were appointed a Committee to enrol the names of people willing to serve, and then wait upon the Chief Secretary and state their views. FATAL ACCIDENT.— A letter from Port Lincoln, dated June 10, says that a man named Williams was killed in the shaft of the Burrawing Mine on Wednesday by a piece of wood falling on him. DESERTION FROM SHIPS.— As desertion has become a frequent occurrence, the following clipping from Mitchell's Maritime Register will probably interest sailors, captains, agents, and owners: — 'At the Thames Police Court, Henry Robinson, a seaman on board the ship Hallow- e'en, lying in the South-West India Dock, was charged with deserting. James Ward, the captain, said that the defendant signed articles for two years, to go from London to Sydney and back, at £3 per month. On October 26, last year, the defendant deserted at Sydney, and another man had to be substituted, at the in- creased rate of £6 per month. He next saw the defendant at Green's Sailors' Home, East India road, as he was about to receive his pay from a vessel he had sailed in after deserting at Sydney. He told the master of that vessel not to pay him as he had deserted from witness's ship. It took 100 days to come from Sydney, and the defen- dant's wages would have amounted to £9 for the 100 days, whereas the substitute cost £19, inde- pendent of a loss of over £10 which the owners had sustained through the defendant's deser- tion. The defendant said he left by the cap- tain's free permission. The skipper told him and several others that if they wished to be discharged at Sydney they could do so. In cross-examination, the captain said that several men deserted at Sydney, but he did hot tell the defendant that he could follow the same course. He offered a reward of several pounds to any person who would bring the defendant back, He did not discharge the defendant at Sydney, or tell him he might leave. It was necessary tbat there should be a stop to seamen deserting at foreign ports, as it was of frequent occur- rence, and put the owners to great inconvenience and cost. The reason seamen so deserted was because they received higher wages on their homeward voyage, as captains were so fre- quently deficient of hands that they were glad to ship men at double the rate rather than delay their vessels and put owners to unneces- sary cost. The Magistrate said the defendant had rendered himself liable to forfeit the wages he had earned on his outward voyage, and also for the voyage home. He sentenced him to 12 weeks' imprisonment with hard labour.' A SUBSTANTIAL GHOST.— The authorities of the Government of Tulosch in Russia are engaged, with indifferent success, in the task of laying a ghost. A soldier, lately shot for insub- ordination, in the opinion of the country folk, was unjustly executed, and therefore deserving of the honours awarded to a martyr. Accor- dingly he was no sooner buried than they brought wax candles, pictures of saints, crosses, and even money to place on the hillock beneath which he lay. Masses for the dead were said in profusion over his grave, and he was regarded not only as a martyr, but as a saint. The police authorities attempted to put a stop to the affluence of pilgrims to the impromptu shrine by levelling the grave, but this measure only made matters worse, as the people considered it a desecration of the holy place, and brought more gifts tban ever. The martyr also began himself to appear hi a transparent condition, carrying a cross. This was on grand occasions. His 'undress' manifestations consisted of a light blue flame flickering over the grave. He now became eager for more masses, and appeared to several women to proffer a request that their attentions might be renewed. In short, the last advices state that he has taken such hold on the affections of the populace by his diaphanous appearance and winning ways that the police are sorely puzzled what to do next. Meantime the innkeepers are doing well, and are suspected by unimaginative persons of complicity in the transparent fraud.— The Echo. A GEOGRAPHICAL MYSTERY ELUCIDATED.— A geographical mystery has been cleared up, and an illusion of commerce dissipated, by the ex- plorations of some French travellers, whose narrative has just been published. M. Louis de Carné started in the summer of 1866 from Saigon, in French Cochin-China, to track the great river of Cambodia, the Mekong, to its sources. The hope of the French Colonial Office was that this large stream, unknown like the Salween, the Meinam, and the Tonquin, might offer an available water-road through Laos and Gunan to the back of China, and give to the Cochin-China delta, which is held by France, the commerce ot a second Nile or Granges. This hope has failed; the Mekong, which the Frenchmen traced at the cost of terrible hardships and great sacrifice of brave and valuable life, is an 'impassable river,' broken at least thrice by furious cataracts, and saving a current against which nothing could be navigated. The discovery, purchased at the cost of existence by the leader of the expedi- tion, and by M. de Carné, whose story is posthumously published, takes away half the value of Cochin-China. It is our turn to find out whether the great streams which have their embouchure at Bangkok and Moulmein offer any better chance of a backway to the Yangtse Kiang, MINERALS IN TASMANIA.— The Hobart Town correspondent of the Argus says : — 'Our mineral resources seem to be increasing in value, especially on this side of the Island. The iron ore found on the estate of Mr. John Lord, at Richmond, has been tested at Sydney, and contains a large percentage of iron. The same gentleman has sent to Sydney a quantity of tin for assay. Those who saw the sample, and it was a large one, say it was very rich. A gentle- man is at present here from Adelaide, repre- anting a number of gentlemen in the capital of South Australia, who, having heard of the coal learn at Three-Hut Point, in D'Entrecasteaux Channel, sent him here to examine the con- venience for water carriage, and if satisfied of that to arrange with the proprietor, Mr. John Abbot, whose faith in the coal has ong been strong, but whose means would not pemit his proving his faith by working the mine. Our visitor was, of course, quite de- ighted when he saw that at a trifling cost ships of any size can load within a few yards of the pit-mouth. An inspection of the locality dis- pelled all difficulty, except as to the quality of the coal and its quantity, or rather expense of working. Those questions we understand our visitor, and those he represents, will test, and that to do this they are prepared to expend a couple of thousand pounds. The enterprise is a purely private one, and therefore I have more confidence in the good faith and determination of the speculators than I would have in one of those embryo Companies that so much hinder real enterprise.' PASTORAL NOTE— For three weeks in succes- sion there have been rains at the close and beginning of the week in the Blinman district. From all the surrounding stations the account agree in reporting a high percentage of lambs ; and the showers, with the new grass, cannot fail to produce a fine clip of wool for the ensuing shearing season. MR. JAMES HOSKING.— We learn that Mr. Hosking purposes visiting Victoria, in order to get an insight into the working of the new Education Act in that province, and with that object he is transferring his school to another teacher. PARLIAMEMTARY PERSONALITIES..— The Mel- bourne Daily Telegraph remarks :— 'There were rather some unpleasant personalities in- dulged in by some hon. members in the Assembly during the debate on the Stawell jumping business. They were initiated by the hon. member for Ballarat West, Mr. W. C. Smith, who expressed the opinion that the advocates of the claimholders had been 'got at.' For some reason or other this seemed to touch Mr. Woods rather nearly, for he rose to order, and interpreted the term to the Speaker, 'as it is understood in the streets,' and the consequent was that it was withdrawn. Further on in his remarks Mr. Smith was frequently inter- rupted by Mr. Zeal, and at last the hon. member for Ballarat observed that 'the hon. member for Castlemaine reminded him of certain offensive little animals which ran barking at people's heels, and were very harmless, though very annoying.' Presently Mr. Zeal's turn to speak came, and he proceeded to show what he knew about the Pleasant Creek jumps by indulging in a number of personal insinuations against Mr. Smith. The latter said something about outside whereupon Mr. Zeal said, 'The hon. member for Ballarat had called him a cur, and talked about what he would do if they were outside and every man who talked like that was a coward. This brought the Major to his feet again, who very coolly observed that the 'hon. member had made a grossly personal attack upon him, and he would call any one who did so a cur and a coward.' Here the Speaker interposed and everything was withdrawn, Mr. Vale having suggested that Mr. Smith should withdraw 'cur,' and Mr. Zeal do ditto respecting 'coward.' Mr. Zeal then proceeded to say how unpleasant it was to have to sit and listen to 'language which could only come from the mouth of a scavenger,' and the row was immediately in full force again. The Major said he had even stronger adjectives to use than the hon. member for Castlemaine. He might call him 'a dis- reputable blackguard, but — — ' At this point Mr. King interposed, and suggested that the two hon. members should go 'outside.' This raised a general laugh, and brought the scene to a close.' THE CZAR'S DAUGHTER.—A gossippy letter which has been published says: — 'The young daughter of the Czar, who is to become the Duchess of Edinburgh, is amiable and pleasing, with an intelligent and agreeable countenance, and fine eyes and hair, but not 'a beauty.' She is her 'father's especial favourite, 'the very apple of his eye.' The Empress of Russia and her party seem to be enjoying to the utmost their stay in the enchanting regions about the Bay of Naples. They have been 'doing' Capri, the Blue Grotto, and all the other lions of that lovely region, which the Empress has written to her husband ' is surely the most lovely portion of the earth.' THE OLD LION NOT QUITE ASLEEP.— England appears fully alive to the necessity of preserving her Eastern possessions, and while Russia is plotting for influence on one side, England is hard at work on the other. The Russian World gives an account of a curious conversation which, it says, took place between a Russian diplo- matist and a French staff officer of rank who arrived at St. Petersburg from a long journey in Asia. The officer assured the diplomatist that it was the general impression, both in India and China, that England would not allow Russia to proceed any further in the direction of Khorassan. 'During the last ten years,' he added, 'the English Government has taken every precaution against an advance of Russia southwards; but it has done this in a quarter where it was little expected that England should extend her influence. Immediately after the Chinese harbours and rivers were opened to English trade political agents were sent into the interior of China and to its western frontier, and British officers, selected with great care, were authorized to enter the service of the Chinese Government. It is owing to their ability that the insurrection which had become master of the western provinces of the Chinese Empire was suppressed. Other English agents endeavoured to inspire the Chinese Government with suspicion as to the designs of Russia. The Chinese export trade, which amounts to 1,200,000,000 francs a year, is now almost entirely in English hands. These two States are daily binding together more closely the friendly ties which unite them. I have myself seen the English agents at work in China, and it was evident to me that the chief object of their efforts was to persuade the Chinese Government of the special importance of its western provinces. They have succeeded so far that these provinces will shortly be studded with forts and entrenched camps. Troops armed in the European fashion, with excellent artillery, will also be stationed there. In a word,' concluded the officer, 'I am quite convinced that England is doing her utmost to establish a force on the left flank of the Russian movement southward, which at any moment might be used as a blind instrument of English policy.' [From yesterday's Evening Journal] THE SYDNEY EXHIBITION. — We have received through Mr. C. J. Coates a complete list of the awards at the late Metropolitan Intercolonial Exhibition, neatly got up in book-form. We have also been shown the certificates which are to accompany the bronze medals. They are handsome productions. RIVER NEWS.— We have been obligingly fur- nished with the following extracts from mer- cantile letters :— 'Bourke, June 3.— The river is very low, but we have had two or three days of light but steady rain from the north-east. It is more than likely, therefore, that there has been heavy weather at the head of the river.' 'Bourke, June 9.— We expect a rise in the Darling, as heavy rains are reported to the northward, but we cannot yet tell to what extent it will affect the river.'- 'Ki, Euston, River Murray, June 14.— The river is down 6 feet 2 inches above the sandbars, and slowly falling.' 'Wentworth, June 14.— Rivers fall- ing. Nowhere do I hear of any rise. Plenty of rain. Prospect of abundance of feed as soon as the warm weather sets in.' ' Wentworth, June 15. — 'I hear there have been heavy rain at the head of the Darling, which I expect will cause another rise in the river.' NEW VARIETY OF POTATOES.— The Watch of Mount Gambier reports that 'last year Mr. Fidler got out from England by the mail a small parcel of one of the newest and best varieties of potatoes then cultivated. About 25 pounds were found to be sound and good on reaching here, and they ware duly and carefully planted. The crop from them has turned out just six hundred weight. In another season Mr. Fidler will no doubt be able to offer a desirable change of seed to potato-growers. Mr. Fidler's importation, we may state, cost one shilling per pound in England, and the cost of its transit to Mount Gambier was two shillings per pound. Some previous lots ordered by sailing vessels were found to be rotten on reaching here.' 