? WAITING IN THE CHURCH. A STOEY IN THREE PARTS. PABT XII.—" AFTER LIFE'S FITFUL FBVEB." Jack's wife had 1 come back to^iim from tbe grave'—from the grave beneath tbe coral tombs, down at the bottom of the Indian Sea. And another woman was waiting, for him at the altar —waiting to become his wife. Mary was weeping at his feet—weeping with tbe bitterness of a'mysterious disap poinlment; for how many thousands of miles had she come, longing for-the glad smile of weloome with which ler hnsband would rejoice over her when they two, who bad seemed to be ^Separated by life and death, should rush .once more into each other's arms ! and 'how terribly sad was the grief that met hor, in the place where gladness' should have been .' And Jenny, whose soul was filled with this man's vows, waB waiting, in a tempest of doubt, and hope, and fear, in the church yonder, wbndering why he did not come to make her all his own. ' What was to be'done ? That question should have occurred to me at ence; but my mind was paralysed, and for a while I could crbt think. Mery I—dear, lost, wept for Mary, safe again; brought home as by a miracle to Jack's arms ! I could have wept with joy; but that the thought ot Cousin Jenny—my own dear heart, surrendered to him who now Wanted none of ber love—-Gonsin Jenny, dishonored at the altar, widowed in her vicinity, moat .wretched" in^Alia very moment of her«hieFglory—woulafw'cej itself npon my mind/ - 'False to thee—miserably false to thee, Mary!' said my poor brother, in a voice that was broken by the vehemence cf his emotion. ' Nay, John, my husband! this is some fearful fanoy of your own; truest, dparest, most loving of husbands, I cannot believe thee false,' said as sweet a voice as ever spoke to mortal «arn. ' Do not ask me, Mary—do not speak to me ! Ask Ned. JTe'll tell you what I dare not. tell — all the horrible troth,' ' She turned to look at me, and some* thing -in my aspect frightened her, hav. ingmore weight than his wild words. She sprang to her feet and seized me by the arm. ' Brother Ned, tell me what he meanB,V How conld I tell her ? how tell that other woman what mast be told, and told quickly ? But silence was worse than all we conld have said. She turned her eyes from my fgce, back upon him, and then on me again. That glance told her all. He was dressed for iris wedding; and my attire was a witness stronger than Words. '•"•-• I Btfw the terribte thought flash into her brain and grow in an instant to conviction. Her gentle face, suffused with loving tenderness a motne&tbefoie;,underwent a fiery transformation, and, with » glare of angry, passionate, fearful jealonsy, she turned upon him and cried :. You were going to be married again !' Poor,wretched, terror-stricken jack, Whose features were convulsed with' the tempest of remorse that shook his 'soul, Kwe to -his feet, fell on his knees, clutched at;her hand, which she drew away from,him with a gesture that in grand a'gnifioance of outraged honour was punished enough for worse sins than fiB—and then abased himself at her feet, eimgmgtolier skirts, ti& 'oiie^ho sues ^pardon which lie catoot'hope to I could bear no more. I rushed from the room, and hurried—swiftly, bnt mechanically, as a man impelled to some strange task by a power beyond himself —back to the church. As I entered the porch, pale, disordered, with all the bewildering misery of my mind visible in my countenance, Cousin Jenny read some terrible calamity in my aspect, and turning to my mother with a face as pale and stony as the marble tombs around her, whispered hoarsely: 1 Mother, come away !' ' fted,wbat is it? Tell me—tell me,ray boy—what fearful thing has happened V But I could only echo Jenny's hollow whisper: 'Moiher come away 1' We were at home, Cousin Jenny had been left alone in ber room, before I could tell what bad happened. Bat when I found words to tell tbe truth to my mother, it seemed the wonders of the day were not at an end. ' You foolish child! you almost frightened me to death. I thought he waB killed. And that is all, is itp Come back ? Of course she's 1 come bark The vexations of the world w uld not be complete without her; and even if she had to come from her grave, it must needs be—she was born to Bpoil my hopes, and to make my poor boy wretched.' That was all my mother said; and then she hurried away to attend to Cousin Jenny. I had just time to wonder how it was that Jenny had asked me no questions; and whether, by some strange intuition, she had learned the truth without my aid, when the two women came back to me together ; and Jenny, with a glorious smile over-mastering all her agony, and lighting up her. face with the purest joy' I ever saw ex-' gassed in mortal countenance, came.up fe?ine,.and said: ' O Ned ! why did you not tell me at once? You don't know what wicked things you made me think. I believed that Jack was false to me; and now, when I learn the truth, there is nothing the matter at all, but that the woman he loved best has come to him in time to save both him and me from a great sit., and us all from a terrible misery.' . "What could I dp, but kiss this good, brave girl, as she stood, so beautiful,, before me; and then hasten away to see whether the clouds were clearing as pleasantly from the sky over Jack and his wife. When I got to my lodgings, there was no sound to guide me, and I hesitated whether I should go into the room where I had left them, or not. The picture of Mary's wrath was in my mind, and I had still some fear. I opened the door as gently as I could, and ventured to look in; when—there •were Jack and Mary, sitting hand-inhand by the fireside, as pleasantly as if Jack's heart had never played truant, and neither shipwreck nor second love had ever come to separate them. Jack's face was! flushed with overflowing gladness, as I remembered it had often been in tbe merriest. days of our boyhood; and Mary's eyea were bright with a qniet depth of joy that put all my fears to rest. When she saw me, she got up and came to meet me, took my hand in hers, and, with the prettiest blush of timid pride, she said: "BrotherNed, don't think- men virago, though you eaw me in suoh a wicked ,r passion.' ' I told, her, with A good, deal of conscious blundering, that I did not think jher :anything of the sort; but—hut. I thought her—well, I thought her as Tntich an angel as if she had been to heaven,"and febme back^galn to'teach us bti^ti Ibtfngs howto be per' ifelstlj, happy. And.,'g<»d reapbn ' I had ito tell her so—if I nad only known it. jtitrt teH me; Ned; what tfBont dear JfrnWebe '-said'; taa'tbeb-itoW, jnat jealouByin her eyes that had blazed out | orr Jack an hour before. But it was j only the ghost of that former look, which had died out with the sudden passion thet conld not long live causelessly in her gentle soul. I was trying to tell, in a collected fashion, all that had occurred, when who should walk into the room but Cousin Jenny herself, in her ordinary everyday dress, and looking no more like a bride than ehe had done before widower Jack came home ! Close behind ' her marched my mother. So there were greetings and embracing!*, and,Sail kinds of joyous exclamations; the three women were as loving and familiar within ten minales as if they had been together all their lives; and there isn't a oredulous gossip in all Christendom who would have believed that Mary and Jenny bad ever teen rivals, or that my mother had ever said a word of Mary, save of most doting fondness. Jack and I were glad to slip away, and get rid of our bloe coats and white waistcoats; and, as for bim, be was so fnll of delight in tbe restoration of his wife, that I absolutely believe to this day that before another hour had passed he had forgotten all about the wedding that should have been, and could hardly have been perspaded that he had ever made love to anybody but Mary In all his life. Such —so light of heart, so drooping in passing Borrow, so exuberant in native sun fihine, so elastic of spirit—is my brother jaok. But how did 4 Mrs Jack' manage it 1 —you want to know. How did Mary bbntrive to come back (as Jack said; from her grave in the bottom of the Indian Ocean? Why, first of all. you there bad been a little mistake About that affair. When Jack lost sight of the boat that carried his wife away from the ship's side, it did not go down to the depths of the sea, but only down into an awful valley of water, between two enormous mountains of angry waves; and when it rose again in the darkness, a hundred yards away from the Star of the East, no eye oould penetrate the intervening gloom, and no voice could^each the ears, of the terrified watchers. The good'little boat galhntly held its own till morning broke and the billows began to subside; and, drifting northward, it stranded next day on as lonely a shore as ever gave timely succour to shipwrecked mariners—the eoBst ot one of the Farqnhar Islands. It was many , weeks afterwards that a trader, drivto far off this Madagascar coast, espied the signal which the sailors hhd hoisted on the highest peak of rook within reach; and then, when all were saved and carried to Tamatave, many weeks more elapsed before a passage could be had to Mauritius. Thence tbe weary voyagers -found their way to France ; and Mary, hurrying home, through the kindly aid of the consul at Bordeaux, had thus come through to London before any news conld reach ns to prepare ns for a visitor who dropped upon ns as from fibo skies. And now there is but little more to tell. Brother Jaok had to keep his time, and go back to India; and all our pressing persuasion failed to break Mary's determination to go with him. When we urged that she wanted rest, tbe said, ' What rest could I have if 1 lost sight of my runaway husband.again? No, no ; I shall be happy with him; and if, by the time we get back to India, I have not had " a long sea-voyage," the doctors must have prescribed something which*it is impossibie for a poor patient to take.' • So our happy meeting was short, and the 4 farewell'taine by for too soon ; bnt the tearathat^tire shed atjjartjngwere ' Brother Ned,' said Mary, as we stood on tbe deck of the steamer at Southampton, and the order WHS given foi the return to the shore—' Brother Ned, I don't think dear Jenny will fret long for Jack; and when you have fonnd a husband for her nobody will wish him more happiness than Jack's wife.' Then we were over the side, and the steamer was moving away ; and when we could no longer see them, or return their signals of adieu, mother forced a little laugh, and asked, ' Does anybody here want to go to India ?' ' Not I, for one,' said CoDsin Jenny, drying her eyes at last. ' Nor I, for another,' said I. And it is just as well that neither of us did ; for after B wbile, when the year was nearly round again, I began to wonder whether I might have hopes of Cousin Jenny after all: Not that I mustered courage, even then, to run the risk of another rebuff, by asking any straightforward questions; but I ventured one day to say to my mother, ' Do you think that Jenny is still in the same mind about Jack, as she was before Mary arrived ?' • Well, upon my word, :Ned yon are a fool!' was tbeoldJady'e emphatic reply. I should have preferred a more explicit answer, or, at all events, something in the way of enlightenment on the subject to which my question had referred; but this I found it imposbible to obtain from that quarter. So there was nothing for it bnt to appeal to Jenny herself; and this at last I managed to do, though in a somewhat roundabout way. Tin quite conscious that I did not de- Berve any success; but there are some things in this world that go by favor. No doubt L was a very stupid kind of confessor but, for all that,, and in mercy and compassion for my manifold shortcomings, Jenny made a full and clear confession that was by no means terrible to hear. Orthodox vows were made, and sealed with a very agreeable formality. • Bnt, Ned, you are a terrible goose,' said Jenny, or ' you would have found it all out sooner. Why, how did you suppose I could think any more about Jack after I saw what a slave he was to Mary ? as indeed be ought to be, for she's the dearest creature that ever was; and I'm very glad she's going to be my sister-in-law, as well as yours. Besides, when I really oame to understand my self I found that I conld never be content with a quarter of a heart, and that I was just intended to throw myself away on a dear, good, faithful goose like—like you.' Well, well, it was all arranged, and I don't want to be any happier than I am. All the preliminaries were settled a long time ago, and there waB another visit taSt. John's, on which occasion I had the satisfaction of appearing in tbe character of the bridegroom. There is a letter from India, announcing the arrival of a junior Ned in Brother Jack's bungalow, as the baby-brotheB of 'little Mary,' who was born a year and a half ago; and the best 'home news' is that a junior Jack— a miniature edition of all my virtues and personal beauties, revised and corrected by Mrs. Ned '—better known in the famUy as ' Cousin Jenny'—is at this moment crowing lustily in my wife's e only two things to say of myself, by way ef parting egotism, and in these I believe Mrs. Ned will agree: first, that, on the whole, I do not set up to be as clever or as worthy a person as my brother Jack; but secondly, that in one respect I think myself more meritorious than even he|—in that, when Cousin Jenny .condescended to go to St. John's theseoond time, I certainly did not keep her *'Waiting fa tbe Church.'- 