DISTRICT AND GENERAL GOSSIP, By NEMo. A MusIcCL Gnosr.--Withinthe historical " hundred miles" of Kilmore dwells an old lady who is the owner.of a piano. She has had nobody to"play upon it for some time, but report has it that it occasionally strikes up a tune for itself. • However that may be, the old party (who is rather superstitiously inclined) was knitting a few nights ago close to the piano. Her mind was totally absorbed in counting the stitches,. but sud 'denlyv she was distracted by hearing the piano play a tnne which she took to be "" Tim Finnigan's Wake." She raised her head and looked over her spectacles. Not a soul was in the room ' Thinking she .was mistaken, though feeling a little queer, she continued her knitting. Again she heard the music, but this time it was the "Dead March in.. Saul,". or.., something like it." She couldn't be mistaken, for. she laid down her work quietly and looked at the instru ment, feeling all the time as if one of those steam brushes, used by barbers in; large towns, was playing at the roots of her hair. She, seized the candle, as soon as she could muster courage, .aid rushed away. "I went to bed that night," said the old lady in telling nie the ptory, "for the fiet time in my life without saying my prayers." The' tuner was there a short time afterwards and the mystery was cleared up. A mouse had worked its way through the back of the piano and had a dance amongst the wires. Proofs of its visits were left behind, 'The old lady won't admit now that she was frightened. VEY TRurE-Punch has been facetious at the expense of the Kilmore Young Men's Christian Fellowship Association for arriv ing at the decision that " a "man could not be strictly truthful and succeed in business." This is the first time I have known Punch to come the extremely religious. THau RACEs.--People say Kilmore is poor, and that gentility is only upheld in it under false pretences. To those who make the statement I would point out the gathering upon the,course on Tuesday as an indica tion of our wealth and the collection on the stand as a proof of our gentility. Apart from the events, the attendance was every thing that could be desired and the weather could not better. Of the events I cannot say they were satisfactory. It was pretty generally expressed that the' best horse didn't win the Handicap Steeplechase, and that the rider of Sebastopol, who ought to have won, was particularly stupid and ex cited or that he had been " got at" by the fraternity. The other handicap was looked upon, too, as a sell, and that the splendid finish made by Native was something like the fellow's bravery who roared out "Let me at him," when he knew his opponent was a mile away. The Handicap Hurdle Race, won by Ulysses, was looked, upon, after the start, as a certainty for Blue Bell, who cut out the running till she came to the 'hurdle past the grand stand when she did what she'was never known to do before refused her jump, or, at any rate; did. not take it without losing a lot of time allowing the others to come up. The last race-the Selling Steeplechase-was, in my opinion, the only honestly- run race of the day, and lit proved a really exciting one, making up in interest for the spectators for the care lessly-contested and stragglingly-run events that came before it. A handkerchief could have covered the heads of three out of the four horses at the finish. SSnqumao.-A short time back we had an amateur concert in Kilmore, and it gave a degree of satisfaction. At its close it was announced that the next concert would be given fox the benefit of the Kilmore Hos pital. "When?" is the question naturally asked. ... i s i 'ff"- 