IRELAND. CONSECRATION OF THE MOST REV. DR. POWER; "Condensed from the Water ford Citizen , -July 22. The consecration ol a Bishop is, be yond all doubt, one of the most imposing ceremonies of the Catholic Church. Ordination to the priesthood is impres sive, it is true, and so, too, are all the ceremonies connected with the comer- ring of not only holy, but minor orders. From the tonsure to the sub-deaconsliip, and from the subdeaconsliip to the priesthood all, all is solemn and beau tiful, causing the spectator to stand or kneel in reverential awe of that Church whose ceremonies the very spirit of God himself could alone render so im pressive To one who has witnessed these scenes, the cold, chilling ceremo nies, if such they may be called, gone through ill other Churches, can be in nowise calculated to stir up in the heart that sublime and awful feeling which tells the spectator that the " Holy Ghost is here." And why should it not be so '? Is it not the exclusive prerogative of the Church of God to have His Guidimr Spirit, nay, His very Corporeal Presence, presiding at her ceremonies ? Is it not the Catholic Church alone which has in herited the right to ordain and conse crate ministers of that Sacred Word which was delivered to her keeping only ? And was it not to her, and her al0jie those words were spoken, " Bcholcj I am with you all days, even to the eon- summation of the world ?" Truly, the ceremonies of the Catholic Church if she be true to her mission, should he in keeping with the holy and sacred trust confided to her charge, and that they are so, let anyone who witnessed the glorious scene enacted on Sunday last at the Cathedral bear testimony. Dr. Power was to be consecrated a" Bishop of the Church, and thousands Hocked to behold the. ceremony. So immense was the crowd, and so glorious the array that the spectator forgot the beauties of the building, and became lost m admi ration of the living grandeur of the magnificent scene. No such ceremony \- --vas ever witnessed by sojstingnislie'd a multitude since '5n5, when our late and deeply-lamented Dr. O'Brien was con secrated, and even on that memorable \- occasion the surrounding circumstances were not so imposing. There were two facts to account for this. The first and principal was, that Dr. Power was about to be consecrated Bishop of these or eat and united dioceses, and the secomlthat he had been late a parish priest in Clonmel, which sent its thousands of most respectable townsmen and women to behold their beloved pastor raised to the episcopal dignity. The following are the names of the most rev. and right rev. prelates who took part in or were present at the cere- . mony, viz. His Grace the Most Rev. Tif.in.lvir A n i. i vxxwiDliUJJ UJ. YcLbliei (111 tL Emly ; Right Rev. Dr. Delany, Bishop of Cork ; Right Rev. Dr. Keane, Bishop of Cloyne ; Right Rev. Dr. O'Hea, Bishop of Ross ; Right Rev. Dr. Ryan, Bishp of Killaloe ; Right Rev. Dr. McEvilly, Bishop of Galway ; Right Rev. Dr. Hondriekcn, Bishop of Provi dence, R.I., U.S., accompanied by his Secretary, Rev. R. J. Sullivan ; Right Rev. Dr. Moran, Bishop of Ossory, and the Right Rev. the Lord Abbot of Mount Mellcray Monastery. The Aldermen and Councillors of the Clonmel Corporation, headed by the Mayor, and all arrayed in their official robes, formed a most striking feature, and, on the part of the Catholics of Waterford, we have to thank them for their presence, whereby they did such honor to their late pastor, the now Bishop of Waterford and Lismoro. At hall-past ten o'clock the Yery Rev. and rev. gentlemen filed into the sanctuary, which was speedily filled with clergy men. Mr. Bilton made the great organ speak out in tones of welcome, as under his direction the choir poured the mag nificent strains of the "Ecce Sacerdos," by Stadlor. Immediately behind the clergy came the most rev. and right rev. prelates, followed by Dr. Power. His Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Leahy, Lord Archbishop of Caslicl and Emly, officiated as Conservator, while Dr. Power's assistant bishops -were Dr. iDoiuny, of Cork, and Dr. Keane, of Cloync. During the celebration of High Mass, Dr. Butler acted as assistant High Priest, with Rev'. M.- Keating as I Deacon .and Rev. M. Flynn as sub- deacon. Rev. R. Power, and Rev. J. A. Phelan were the major and minor masters of ceremonies, while the aco lytes were students from St. John's College. His Grace the Archbishop . officiated at the High Altar, while His Lordship Dr. Power, with his assistants, had the St. Joseph's altar to themselves. Thus the provisions of the Pontifieale, which require date ca pel lac, or two chapels, were fully observed. The other requirements were equally fully met, from the tapctia strata on which the Bishop- elect was to prostrate him self, to the most essential concomitants of the ceremony. All having taken their places, after a short interval, His Grace, clothed in full pontificals, ascended the altar, and took his seat on the Gospel side. This was after the first part of the Mass had been gone through. Then His Lordship Dr. Power came from St. Joseph's altar, accompanied by the' assistant Bishops, and having bared his head, made a profound reverence before flm P.micflnvnfnv rPlin n c«ciic«4-n4- nJr«l-wwv« JLXJL ClOOiOUdUU divested themselves of their mitres, and also bowed when Dr. Delany said — " Most Rev. Father, our Holy Mother, I the Catholic Church, asks that you I elevate this priest here present to the 1 Episcopal dignity." The Consecrator then asked' if they had the apostolical order. The question was answered in : the affirmative, and then Dr. Byrne, of Lismore, read the Papal Bull, autlio- j rising the consecration of Dr. Power. The Bishop-elect, then read his vow of obedience to St. Peter, the Church, and to St. Peter's successors, the Popes of Rome, and at the conclusion of his oath, with his hand on the Gospels, said solemnly — " Sic me Deus ad juvet ct liaee sancta Dei Evangelia." The usual examination required by the ancient in stitution of the holy Fathers was then gone through. The examination having been concluded, the assistant bishops led Dr. Power up the steps of the altar, where he reverentially kissed the hand of the Consecrator, after which the usual silent confession was made ; and then the Bishop-elect was led back to his own altar, where having donned his episcopal robes, together with the pectoral cross, he proceeded with the Mass, while His Grace also proceeded at the high altar. At the end of the Gradual the Bishop-elect was again led to the foot of the high altar, and again bowed in reverence before the Conse crator, who asked the congregation to pray that the fulness of the "grace of God might be given to him. Then all present prostrated themselves in prayer, and immediately afterwards the cantors, the deacon, and sub -deacon intoned the Litany of the Saints, the responses being sung by the priests within the sanctuary. The hands of the Consecrator and those oi me assistant Disnops were tfien laid on the head of the Bishop -elect, while they said — " Accipa Spititum Sanctum" (receive the Holy Ghost). His Grace then blessed His Lordship, and proceeded with the preface of the Mass. After wards the head of the Bishop-elect was bound with a long white scarf, and the Consecrator commenced the hymn, " Yeni Creator Spiritus" (Come Holy Ghost, &c.;) The head of the Bishop- elect was then anointed, and His Grace blessed him in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. His hands were then anointed with holy chrism, His Grace pronouncing a .similar blessing. The crozier, or pastoral staff, was next blessed, and given to the newly-conse crated Bishop, after which the ring was blessed, and received by His Lordship. He next received - the Book of the Gospels from the Consecrator, who im mediately afterwards, gave him the osculant, pads (the kiss of peace). The new Bishop then retired to his own altar, accompanied by his assistant- prelates, and the Mass was proceeded with, until both His Grace and His Lordship had come to the offertory. Then the newly-consecrated Bishop came before the high altar, where His Grace, was seated, and presented him with the usual loaves and barrels of wine. Then standing with His Grace at the Epistle side of the altar, and having his assistant prelates at each side, he accompanied him in the Mass. After the secret prayers, both approached the. middle of" the altar, and having I kissed it, the Conservator gave the kiss to His' Lordship, who,' in his turn, gave it to Ins assistants. "The mitre was next blessed, aiid placed on the head of j the newly-consecrated Bishop, after ; which the sublime hymn, " Te Deum," | was sung, and the new Bishop having been previously enthroned, was led through the church, and gave his bene diction to the whole congregation. It would be impossible to describe the effect which the whole ceremony had upon the vast congregation, and the interest which every scene excited. The choir in the organ-loft, under Mr. Bilton, discoursed exquisite music during the Mass. The selections were most ap propriate fqr the grand occasion, the " Kyrie," " Gloria," and " Sanctus " being from Hummel, in B flat ; the " Credo," " Agnus Dei," and " Bene- dictus" from Mozart ; the " Tibi Omncs". out of the " Te Deum" by Geordani ; Alleluiali chorus and march by Silas. We must hold over our abstract of the sermon, which iYas preached by Dr. Cleary, till next wcek.- -Ed. 