Wallaroo dints. "WAIiLAKOOs WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 19. 1873. This interest with which every step in the passageof the Kadina and Port Wake field Railway Bill, has been watched by both its friends and foes on the Peninsula, qo ite warran ts us reverting to the subject from time,to time, even though there may not beanything new to say respecting it. Becentiy, on« of our Town contempor aries in retortioj* upon us. said that there was evidence the Legislative Council not only knew its. duty, which was assumed to be that it should make the Register its bell-wether, but would also do it. The Register was right to a certain extent. The Council did know its duty, and was prepared to do it. This was to pass the; Bill.. No one can read the speeches, delivered in the Council on Thursday, when the second reading of the Bill was carried, without discerning that the result was. a foregone conclusion exactly agreeing with what we, acting on the best information, said would happen. "We said, when-challenged bv the Register, that a clear majority of the Council would be found in favor of the Bill. The Council is, as our contemporary fails to observe, an utterly different section of the Legislature to the Assembly. For the most part the Council is composed of men who are able to take a different line of policy to that which children, d jtards, and old women usually affect. The strongly expressed opinion of two men like the hon. Thomas Elder, and the lion, Wat. Mobgait, is worth that of the whole box and dice of the patriots ip. the Assembly. So out of courtesy, and to give effect to Mr Morgan's generalship, the Bill in question is formally referred to a Select ^Committee. There was . scarcely a in&nber; of the Council that xarcd a button about the -stat«e£jcs re specting the lirie which the Register— the first time when the idea of a railway lias been mooted in the colony—attached such imparlance to. "What the Committee will have 4a consider doth not appear. The question fifjpuige will very likely be .discussed, but cSeai^ the opinion is very «ni)dl| in favor of tin? wide? «gje ajpeed to by the Assembly, And the Committee may even take into consideration the propriety of so constructing tbe line that it may be a main means of communica tion with tbe metropolis. Nearly every member of tbe Council who spoke looked at it from this light. The Council, it must be admitted, displayed both fore sight and sagacity in the matter; aud the opponents of the measure bave de monstrated more clearly than before how fond they are of an old-womanish policy. The Register ought to take for itd coat-of arms a distaff and a spinning-wheel. The Council, in quiety ignoring the much "baa'd" for statistics respecting the traffic through thirty miles square of bush and scrub-land, has shown that it is in clined to take exactly the same view of the matter-that we often expressed. We have always said that the local traffic on a line from a country that is essentially agricultural and producing to a district that might be considered manufacturing and nou-producing must be large. No line in .the colony—not even that from Kapunda to Adelaide proper—is likely to have the traffic upon it that is certain to be Sent along the proposed Peninsula line. But all this has appeared to us as but a slight element in the argument. What we bave strongly ins.sted upon was that there ought to be a line "cutting the Great Northern Bailway. Shippers of produce might then send their goods via \ Port Adelaide or Port Wallaroo. Last year, from Port Wallaroo, there was a million's worth of exports sent away, and when we consider that the colony only exp'orts about three millions' worth annually, there is nothing to be called preposterous in the idea that Port Walla roo will be, at some future time, the Liverpool of South Australia. At pre sent, although immense efforts have been made by the Government, to force trade away from the Peninsula, and to twist it into certain directions Jby the lavish ex penditure of public money, whilst the Peninsula has not had a single penny of public money spent upon it to assist in the development of its resomces, it has been the mainstay of the colony during years of misfortune; and it now presents the appearance of increasing more rapidly in population and prosperity than any other district in South Australia. Already the seeds are sown of a direct trade between it and the old world. Vessels are being chartered by nearly every mail to come straight to Wallaroo, and the nucleus has been formed of a line to trade between .London and Wallaroo. The benefit that will accrue to the pastoral, agricultural, and mineral interest f om this, independently of mere local relations, will be immense. The squatters in the North will ship their wool at a nominal rate compared with what they pay at Port Adelaide. Here it is an orcinary occurrence for a vessel with nearly a thousand tons of freight on board to be seen in the morning, to be discharging in the afternoon, and to be at sea with a full cargo in a week. At Port Adelaide it is common for a vessel to lie two or three weeks before she moors'alongside. During the season Adelaide vessels either come here or have their dead weight dis patched to them, both of which processes cost money. Then," again, Victoria and New South Wales are always large customers to South Australia for wheat. As a rule wheat can be sent to either colony from Port Wallaroo for as low freight as it can be sent to Port Adelaide. To the mineral interest it would of course be more beneficial to send copper straight to England than to send it to Port Ade laide and then to pay for its tranship ment. This, is, we doubt not, very annoying to-some persons, but it is quite true nevertheless. In olden days, a quaint allegory tells us, two old giants, Grim and Despair, went and gnashed their toothless gums because they could not prey upon persons as they did. This is very much the case in respect to the Peninsula at the present time. . Hitherto it has simply been preyed upon. If the Exchequer ran short a tax that would be felt exceptionally on the Peninsula was a favorite device. Public money could be squandered in the most absurd fashion anywhere else in the polony, but there was never any for the most ordinary re tirements of Yorke's Peninsula. Oc*, casionaliy jtfeere was a general confession made, in print §}sewhere that those things had been done whfcb plight not to jfcave been done, and vice versa. Wij^t this ge$ef$J ponfession was worth we now obseryje. We do not think that tbe elderly ladies of the colony should be judged too hardly because they crone over a state of things that has passed away. Chables DicjcevB, in oa/B of those inimitable sketches which shew the^re £9 $ fellow" feeling making " the whole world gkiq." describes how brav# bonest old Mr Pkggott-t did not mind raylcgs of the " old 'un" on certain occasions. The at the present time, cao afford to display It is, what may be called, riding a win ning horse- The Port Wakefield line is safe. We attach little importance to the late decline in the value of copper. Three months ago, we warned our readers that with the disturbed state of the money market, this might be expected. Fortu nately such a disturbance is of but a tem porary nature. If the Governors of the Bank of England are but equal to the situation,and put on the screw sufficiently, as it would appear they have done, they can not only stay the drain of gold, but cause coin to accumulate. Then dis count will be lowered and coppar and other trades will recover their former vivacity. From what we read we con sider it certain that, before long the coast of Spencer's Gulf, which has long been lighted in the most perfunctory and dis graceful manner, will soon be rendered lit for navigation. And, in all human probability, before six months have passed away, the attention of nearly the whole of the civilized world will be directed to Yorke's Peninsula. Eyery one here knows what is the state of ignorance respecting the geography of the colony that attains in England. When the people know there, by daily telegrams, that the All England Eleven are playing near to Wal laroo, Kadina, or Moonta, these places will be at once put down as the principal cities in South Australia, and one will be declared the capital. Adelaide will be nothing but a little farinacous village— like what the third Bonaparte declared his capital to be before the Prussian war, between somebody nameless and the deep sea. The Peninsula can afford to be both generous and compassionate towards its beaten, miserable foe. We beg to call attention to the performance, at the Oddfellows' Hall, -this eveuing, by the Kadina Gymna-Dramatic Club. A SUCCESSFUL experiment was made with Lithofracteur, as a blasting agent, before a number of gentlemen at the Glen Osmond stone quarries on Friday. The harvest prospects are, on the whole, more favorable than might have been anticipated, and it is expected that eeneially there will be a fair average yield thr<faghout the colony. It will be seen by reference to onr business columns that a meeting of directors of the Yorke's Penininsula Cricketing Association is convened for. this day, at the office of the Secretary, Kadina. We are glad to find that efforts are being made to organise and train a brass band at Wallaroo. Some fine instruments have been purchased by the proposed hand, and the members are prac tising industriously. We understand that Mr and Mrs Bates and Company, who are noto performing in the Theatre Royal, Adelaide, are thinking of paying the Peninsula a professional visit. Their pre sent intention is to come by the steamer next week, so as to perform at Wallaroo on Friday, the 28th, bat this arrangement is, of course, succep tible of alteration. We have received No. 3 of the South Austra lian Primitive Method\pt News. The journal is published every month, and is calculated to be of interest to Primitive Methodists. We observe that it looks upon the Education Bill as " lost" and is not sorry for this. In all human proba bility the Bill is aafe, so by this time the Editor | 'will be serry. EKA.KNG. we are" informed, has already been commenced at Port Wakefield,-and, notwitli standing the dry weather which lias caused the harvest to be somewhat premature, the farmers are in capital spirits about their prospects. The harvest, in England has, we observe by English papers, been unfavorable, aad it is expected that high prices will rule. A cbicket match will be played on the Matta Flat on this day between the Port Wallaroo and Wallaroo Mines Clubs. This will be the first of the three matches, the highest scorer in which will be entitled to the silver cup offered by Mr Haselgrove. Also the bat ?o presented will bp played for. The members of the Port Club will .be entertained after the match at the Kadina Hotel, after which, we presume, there will be a special 'bus for Wallaroo. The shipping trade at Port Wallaroo has been active during the. past week. The stately ships have been coming and going "to their haven under the hill" in considerable number?. The arrival of thiee Tasmauian brigs and brignntine8 demonstrate that the trade between this colony and that is of importance. On Sunday there were three of the Black Diamond Liners in port; but now the Verulam is gone, and the Moonta will sail at an early date. The branch steamer, with the South Austra lian portion of the English mail on board, arrived at Port Adelaide on Sunday afternoon. English letters and newspapers were, consequently, de livered at Port Wallaroo on Monday evening. The City of Adelaide was the branch steamer engaged, and she has made a very fine run from the Sound, reaching Adelaide but a few hours After the ocean steamer, which had thirty-six hoars start, arrived in Qobson's Bay. The principal news brought has, jf cgurse, been fore stalled by telegrams. On Sunday services were held at the Bible jChristiao Church, Cross Roads, Moonta, in con nection ffitfo the ceremony recently performed of laying the foundation gtqnp. In the morning the Rev 0. Lake preached, in thje afternoon the Rev Mr Kelly, and in the evening, when a tent was placed adjoining the chapel to accon^mpdafe a l$pge congregation expected, Mis I~J&e; pr a^ecj. ijjumbpr #f persons present | was suppoxed tq be 20QO, bi^t many jpere enable to gain admittance, The collections amognJ$4 to about £18. Two accidents occarred at th« Moonta Mine g>n Saturday. A man named W. Waters, who wfis emptyye^. $t ^Call's Shaft* was working at the ^B-fathom levpl wheiji a piece of timber fell from $be ttd? of the shaft, detached, it was supposed, by the kibble, and broke bis leg, below the knee, Mr N. Roberts, who was there, went down and assisted Waters to the surface, when Drs Diekie a id Bull sec the fractured limb. In another s!iaft a miner, naued Barnes, was stepping across a winze when he fell about fire fathoms, severely bruising and cutting himself. Tub Mount Gambier Standard reports that there is a probability of Mr J. P. D. Lawry, one of the members for the district, resigning his seat, on account -of a proposed visit to England. The hoti. member, it will be recollected, did the grand tour some three or four years ago. When he returned he was elected to Parliament, and a rather good yarn was told respecting him. He was said to have said, that whilst on a visit to Borne His Holiness the Pope accosted him, " Park, my boy, I hare not seen the last number or two of the Border Watch" The Albert Bells were rung at Adelaide on Saturday, the Begister says, at the instigation of Mr S. Tomkinton, to celebrate the decision of the Privy Council in the appeal of the Government qgainst the verdict in the Supreme Court re the Northern Territory Land Order Holders. Our contemporary, evidently very sore on the point, says, "Either the colony had a good defence against the Company or it had not." What this means it would be hard to say; but probably the Register thinks', as it professed to throughout the struggle, that there was a good defence. The Judges of the Supreme Court thought there was none whatever, and we have little question the ; Judicial Committee of the Privy Council was of the same opinion. It may be that the Judges and the Law Lords were wrong, and the Register right; but we incline to the opinion we held firmly from tfie first that the defendants in the action had not the ghost of a case. Adherence to a contrary opinion has cost the colony thousand* of pounds. When we recollect that there was not a single lawyer in Parliament who did not hold wLb us against the Register, we cannot help recollecting the old proverb, that ** the man who is his own lawyer has a fool for his client." On Sunday anniversary services were held in connection with the Bible Christian Church, on the Wallaroo Mines. In the morning Mrs O. Lake preached to a crowded congregation in the Wesleyan Church, kindiy lent for the occasson. In the afternoon the Rev J. Lloyd preached in the Bible Christian Church, also to a large con gregation, as,did the Rev O. Lake in the evening. On Monday there was a very well attended - tea meeting, and in the evening a public meeting- in the Wesleyan Church on the Mines, the Rev Mr Hancock presiding. This was well attended, and after prayer had been offered, the secretary read the financial report, which was of a satisfactory nature. Interesting addresses were delivered by the Rev Mr Kelly, theRevs Mr and Mrs Lake, and the Rev Mr J. Lloyd. The choir, which was present at ail the services on Sunday, as well as on Monday, rendered able assistance. - The col lections amounted to about £30 during the two days. Fob some reason or another that we cannot conceive of it has pleased a certain number of people to present the late Gold Melds' Warden, Mr Inspector of Police Peters wald, frith a gold w^tch that hao'an address engraved upon it. Of course the presenters, whose names WQ_append, eo far as they were present, have a perfect right to thus expend their money. These were Messrs Bray, M.P. (in the chair), W. H. dtratford, W. S Whitington, J. Williams, H. Roberts, E. M Bagot, J. Chambers, W. Harcus, B. Amsberg, J. L. Noltenius, — Williams, W. H. Bean, J. C. Hawker, Valentine, B. A. Noltenius, W. Wadham, and G. Mum me. What we should like "to know is whether during the years Mr Peterswald has been Gold Field Warden at a handsome salary, a single gold mine in the colony has been discovered that either has been or is likely to be payable. It is no use pointing to us the recent discoveries at Barossa. If these fire worth anything they will be as copper mines, not as gold producing. And we should further like to know whether there has been a single oz. of gold raised at any time in South Australia that has been of any profit to the proprietors. Mr Peterswald is perfectly welcome to his gold watch, as far-as we are concerned, and we hope he will earn it in his new sphere of duties, but we are ut'er y unable to see what he has already done for it. Gratitude possib'.y may, in this case, as in others it proverbially does, mean an acknowledg ment of services to be yet j«ndered. A meeting- of shareholders of the Princess Loueie Gold Mine, in the Northeri Territory, was held in Adelaide, last week, and at this it was stated that over £13,000 had been received from the shareholders, of which £10,000 had been paid to the promoters. A manager has been appointed —Mr Laity—in whom some of the shareholders appear to have not much confidence. Mr Fuller thought the affairs of the Company should be in vestigated. The manager had telegraphed that the vein in the shaft was four inches wide, and Mr Roberts said the specimens sent, never could have come from it; and the reports that had been sent could not have coule from an honest man. Mr Hunt said there was a strong impression the manager was playing a double game, and he hoped the Directors would look after him well. The Chairman, the Hon. W. Morgan, said they were doing so, and the meeting was then adjourned till after the arrival of the G-othenberg s.s., when fuller information is expected. A PUBLIC meeting was held at Kadina, on Tuesday evening, at the Wombat Hotel, to con sider the claims of the various gentlemen who were candidates for Municipal honors. His Worship the Mayor, Mr T. H. Hall, was in the chair, and he gave, in detail, an explanation of fcljp works that had been prosecuted by the Cor poration, during the pa?t year. From this it appeared that about £2,400 had been expended; which shewed that as the Government had paid over £1000 of the money, great benefit had been psperionced from the toton being made corporate. Altogether £2,491 ha<l been received; arid this sum, ess ■ early £."5, had been expended. It yras then explained that Mr F. W. Gurner had agreed to contest the Mayoralty, it being believed fh^t, as the Mayor (Mr Hall) was absent through jllness, he wpifld not again $0Q}e fq^grd, Mayor explained that tH^ contest between himself and Mr Gurner would be a friendly one, and after this Cou ci-1or Bswden addressed the meeting. He testified to the value of the labors of the Cor poration and their Surveyor, Mr Dixon; and, after this Mr Veal proposed Councillor Tonkin, : . ' for Taylor Ward. This was Bseonded and oarried, and then Councillor Tonkin thanked-the meeting. Mr Boberts then propoeed Mr Jas. Lang, for Stirling Ward, and this, after Mr Martin had seconded it, was carried unanimously. After Borne remarks, satisfactorily explained, had been made as to the expenditure in S'erling Ward, Mr James Lang returned thanks for the honor confeired upon him, and Mr Yale was pro posed for Taylor Ward. ThiB, Mr Polglain seconded, and the resolution was carried. Mr Yale returned thanks, and Mr A. Saunders pro prosed Mr F. W. Gurner as Mayor of Kadina. This was seconded, and propositions that Messrs Hall and Gurner should both be Mayors were declared carried, by Cr Harris. The Mayor returned thanks ; and after other business, a full report of which will appear in our next issue, had been transacted, proceedings were brought to a close. On Monday evening last, Wot. 17, a lecture was delivered in the Wesleyan Church, East Moonta, by the Rev A. Stubbs, subject—"Famous Local Preachers." The meeting, which began at 7 o'clock, was opened by the singing of a piece Ity a select number of Sunday School childret and the choir, after which Mr J. Jolly engaged in prayer. Another pieco was.then sung by the choir, and Capt. Hancock, the Chairman,in a few appropriate remarks, introduced the lecturer to the audience. Allusion was made at the outset of the lecture, to the aggressive character of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, and the singular manner in which Wesley had been led to sanction l*y preaching in that Church. The advantages connected with that system were then pointed out, and the objections to it answered. This was the first part of the lecturc. Singing by the children and choir. ' The second part of the lecture consisted of sketches of che most famous local preachers, including Caper Webb, Samuel Hick, William Dawson, Charles Richardson, Samuel Drew, Squire Brook*, Billy Bray, (Bible Christian), and Duncan Mntheson, (Presbyterian). A collection' was then made, which amounted to. £4 10s, on behalf of the Trust Fund, and especi ally the payment of the Church bell, &c.; The Choir then sang the anthem, " How beautiful upon.the mountains." Yotes of thanks to the lecturer, moved by Mr Anthony, and seconded by Mr Trenary, and supported by Mr Jeffery; to the Choir, by Messrs Geidsworthy and Dennis, and to the Chairman, by hev. A. Stubbs, were carried with acclamation. A very interesting and successful meeting was then brought to a close by pronouncing the benediction. 