THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOAH'S AEK BY MJURCCS CLARKE. I Dol.-'" Nay, but listen to him, cousin Robin-The fellow has a humorous strange collection of oddities. For the laying out of a tester be will sweetly discourse you by the hour to gether. His brain-pan is a very Noah's Ark there 're specimens in it of all the birds, beasts, and fishes since the creation." -THE MAID OF BRISTOL. Noah. - Are you gentlemen journalists going to improve each other off the face of the earth ? Marston.-In allusion to the Blair-cum Smith . cum . Bright - cum - Buucle - ckwi - Potter controversy? Noah.-And others. I always thought that dog didn't eat dog, and yet how complimen tary you are to filicide and Duffy ' Marston.-Michie and Duffy are pretty well used to abuse by this time, and I don't suppose care a fig for the praise or blame of journalists, though I confess that to be called a voiceless pauper is annoying. Falx.-"A paper written by gentlemen for gentlemen, its conductors speak to the riaawB in which they live ana were born." You remember Captain Shandon's preface to the Pall Mall Gazette f" Marston.-Don't be satirical, Falx; the article was well enough in its rough way. Men don't gather grapes of thorns or figs of thistles, you know. Noah.-It seems to me that the press in this country is fast becoming an engine for the discharge of anonymous malignity. You gentlemen under the cover of your "No name " shoot at men whom you would never dare to meet in fair fight. One used to think that a writer of "leading articles" must of necessity be a gentleman and a scholar, a man mindful of the truth, an honest and courageous exposer of personal abuses. Marston.-Ha, ha! He is often merely a half-educated man, with a clean pen and a dirty imagination! Kyfax.-You are all alike. You hate each other. Michie's powers as a journalist earned him his abuse. There are men in the world who never forgive superiority in others. Marston.-The anonymous system is the cause of the present low tone of journalistic morality. You read an article attacking Mr. Vivid, out you don't know that it is written by Barkilphedro Orson. If you knew' that, you would see in the attack nothing but the spleen of an envious and industrious man of mediocre talents and superlative ambition, who possesses more crafty malignity than personal courage. Falx.-Just so. The public sees only the Paper with its guaranteed circulation of 10 millions weekly. But that is just what pro prietors desire. You will never get them to agree to the signing of articles, because you will thereby raise the price of journalists. Under this present system Marston has a row with his editor and is thrown out of harness. What is the result? The paper may be a little duller for a week or so, but nobody, save Marston's butcher, knowB that he has ceased to write. Had he signed his articles now, he would be a power in the state. The public would say, " Give us our Marston !" Noah.-If Barkilphedro Orson signed fus articles, he would get horsewhipped once a week. Falx.-No; he would take very good care of that. He would write nothing with his name to it for which he could be horse whipped. Marston.-There is no doubt but that the tone of journalism in these colonies is low. Like its inimical twin the stage, journalism is a profession of accident. A man happens to be a journalist just as another man happens to be an actor. Neither are trained to either pursuit, and unless some lucky for tune gives your " writer for the press" a repu tation to preserve, he sinks into a pestilent obscurity, where rising malaria alone gives token of his existence. Kyfax.-Avery pretty comparison, upon my word! A dead aog in a ditch! Marston.-Is it not true? Take Orson for instance. We meet one day an intrusive boor, at whose uncouth antics we good naturedly laugh-poor Orson, who never had a Valentine! Some morning we see in our paper a savage attack on ourselves, or our aunt, or ourmbtlier. We wonder-we search our memory. Whom have we offended ? Ah! six months ago we trod upon the corns of Orson. We unluckily betrayed that we knew more than he, that we were friends with 'igonie one of the half-dozen men who have horse whipped him from time to time, or to have shuddered too visibly when he cut our butper with "his sucked-knife. In a word, we offended the noble savage, and lie resents it. OrBbn roare. .'... . .. : . , . r Falx.-How these Christians love one another! Marston.-Now, roaring is Orson's faculty. Likp Snug the ; joiner, his part on the journalistic stage can be done extempore, for it iB ''nothing but roaring." Politics, social economy.dramatic art, classics, literature. He knew,Nothing of these things Falx. How, should he-poor devil,' suckled in this wilderness, and abandoned, Quasimodo like, on the doorstep of civilisa tion?.-- . . Manton.t-And he roars with suoh dis cretion. . As.Theseus said of him, "his yalour cannot carry his discretion," for Orson is weak : in . the knees and. not: valorous, So that he roare anonymously-and runs some times, :i.-: . in'-'; i f ».: He is arise.' :, ;; w . j .-,Hethatflgfat*ftndruns*i#ur - '???"> r .WillMveJ»another i&w;, ;.,t> . - , , " ! j8ut he is in battle .slaia .. . ? . j Will never live to fight agita^ y0o. v-vJ'c /.''j. A ; Marston.- IknowmanyOrsons. Bullyboya! Roaring blades ! Tremendous fellows with a stiletto and a dark lantern. Swashbucklers who gained their regiments o'er much the same feat as that alleged by Doll to have been performed by Captain Pistol, literary swaggerers who will not swagger " with a Baroary hen, should her feathers turn back with any show of resistance." Yet lads, boys, hearts o' gold, when clothed about with blessed anonymity. Noah.-"These be bitter words," as Dame Quickly says. Mare ton.-The suppression of these men iB a public duty. The best and worst of us suffer from their attacks, for, aft Sancho Ponza truly but coarsely says, " A louse in a blanket knows no difference between a king and.a beggar." Noah.-Suppress them ! How can you sup press them ? You might as well talk of -sup pressing the vermin named by Sancho. Marston.-I would insist upon the abolition of the "anonymous article business. If it became general with the better class of news papers to publish the names of contributors, the smaller journals would soon follow Buit. Dixiou.-It has been tried in France and failed. Men hire people to sign for them. 1 Marston.-There are cowards and sneaks in all countries I suppose, btft in France the honest writers sign their own names, and the rogues-do as rogues always do and have done. (. , , , . Noah.-It seems to me that we want a: higher tribunal than either £he editor's room or the street corner. Certainly a literary club which resolutely refuses to admit .Bucn nien as Orson and Pistol, can do a great deal towards bringing about a better .state of things, but I think that we want something more than even this. We want a Literary Trade Union. Marston.-An idea! Noah.-For the successful establishment of apaper three classes of men are required the capitalist who finds the needful pioney to conduct the commercial interest, the skilled workmen who find the needful ability to print, press, and publish, and the writers who contribute the literary matter. Now,' of these three classes, the last is the most defenceless. The moneyed men cling together by that inherent force of cohesion j which belongs to capital. The workmen have their trades' union, or their " chapels but the professional journalist is a waif and stray, relying solely on his own good luck, or his own individual brain power. Should force of opposition injure the proprietor of a paper, he can borrow money, co-operate, " organise." Is the printer unjustly treated, he complains to the "father" of his "chapel;" and if fie is not righted, there are 200 or 300 craftsmen who "will know the reason why." But the journalist. He writes, writes, writes for years. One day he receives a note-" The proprietors of the Flash of Lightning regret that arrangements into which they have recently entered will prevent them availing I themselves further of Mr. Triplet's services. I They have much pleasure, however, in J stating that, during his 10 years' connexion with the paper," kc. Now, what can Triplet do? He goes to the Thunderbomb. " Very sorry, but they have no vacancies on the staff." He calls upon the Torpedo. "Much regret, but your connexion with the Flash is an insuperable barrier." HeseesMr. Sniggerby of the Gin and Gospel Gazette. " Glad to do anything, I'm sure; but your views, you see, on infant baptism! we bid for the support of the dissenting clergy; you must excuse us." He visits Mr. Breeches Pocket, of the Daily pemas. "Two guineas an article J My good fellow, I can get 'em for half the money. I j know you are a good man, but as we do these things anonymously-" Now, thus a mani fest injustice has been done to Triplet, but he cannot for the life of him complain-it is "business, my dear bot" He goes away un comfortably _ consciouT that he has been working during the last 10 years in order to forge the weapon that now pierces his bowels. ' Marston.-I believe, Noah, that you are right. I have often heard pressmen speak of the great advantage to them of some organi sation, which should combine their scat tered forces. But it will never be done. Sooner mingle oil and water, Irishman and Scotchmen, Hardshell Baptists and newly professed Catholics, than get half-a-dozen newspaper men to agree to anything. It may seem an impertinent observation from one of the clan, but journalists are like habitual criminals in one respect-they cannot organise. Wormwood.-Why all this fuss about your journalists ? A set of ragamuffins who have neither land nor beeves! The aristocracy of Australia can see neither wit nor virtue in any man who has less than a thousand a year. Marston.-Oh, for a local Mark Twain to write a new Innocents Abroad under Chaucer's good old title of the "Canterbury Pilgrims." Wormwood.-There you go again, Marston, sneering at the noblest institution of British manufacture-you, who lmve an aunt who lives at Hampton Court Palace. I'm ashamed of you! Marston.-Don't talk plausible nonsense. I am no scoffer at well-earned distinctions. I only object to a man thinking himself a gentleman because he pays punctual rent for the shop where he sands his sugar. Falx.-If we allow Marston to run on at this rate he will be soon attacking the law. Kyfax.-And demolishing the prophets. Wormwood.-The poor prophets have had rather an unpleasant time lately. Hood said apropos of the Rev. Rae, that there were many men who thought themselves " pious" when they were only "bilious," but it is cruel-to demonstrate that your Prophecy is merely Plagiarism. Falx.-I am getting confused about these protean incarnations of all that is dogmatic. As for good Mr. James Smith, who is now an Isaiah and now an eagle, he is fast growing into a mental ornithorvncus. One can't deter mine whether he is a beast or a bird t Marston.-But he is prophetic. " Prophet Btlll il bird or devil," ,As Edgar Poe says. He will never resign that last weakness of frail humanity. Mrs. Sweetwinter.-I am told that these people absolutely deny the truth of Chris tianity. ^ How dreadful! Why do not some of ron clever men argue with them ? Mn" jEhe Parson.-Mr. Marston, are you aware that your remark may be construed in two 8611668! ttalieSurfe-" "" OTplmM of \--Bom^uios vincere pone. The infidels will either extinguish you or f>wsonffl^I^tet^tdtsa^e bisJu?6' 4®ar Wormwood.-pf the 02 methods of divina won known to the ancients, the most popular nowadays seems to be that x>t^lwtono. >nancy, or divining by means, of assesTaeada. m Jfclx.-Ademoniac phrenology, which has the'meot,.pf being eaBily pracUaei Come, shau we divine f .-i . .« .. .. 1 Ntofth.-HeftTefl. 1; I; flare ntf V to know the future. The secret of ham^ is-anticipation. ""PPuwsg Fftlx.-You are right Ghosts am liir* luncheon of whipped cream-too unsutot.'* tiki to be satisfactory, and yet sufficienf4 spoil one's appetite- for dinner. ** Wormwood.-I have over my bedwj "Et ZKLO Chdizliuxh." . w» Noah.-And pray what may that mean* Wonnwood.- Tiei a charm against noe. tumal demons. Lihth was the first \n(TTc Adam, and mother of all the devils. e<* Mars ton.-She had a large family V.p^, Adam, I wonder he married again. Noah.-'Tis well for you that you live w in the "good old times," Maraton, or vT. would have been aasuredlyburnt. ?. Marston.-Not I. I should have Grand Inquisitor. . : : Vermis.-The true -sentiment of a j onr nalist.t I was reading in. an old published in 1517, by one. Jean.Nidier. of a. sect existent in SwabiacalledtUe Begarda It seemed so exactly> to. describe you ,i««te men, that I have translated it eat meat, milk, and. eggs, in,, JLent TTu? work in private in solemn feBtivalfl, aqd pSm other days in idleness. iThey.hold in jST . .found contempt the ceremonies ;Oftta church as works of men of; animal inn%ffa " and not of spiritual minds. They place ali virtue and. perfection in a,sort ,of profound meditation, and though they are of them, selves very carnal, -and live in a wild manner as I am informed, they boast, of having/at tained to so high a degree of ? perfection no criminality can be attributed to them,"" Marston.-Ha, ha! We deserve the buke. Well, let journalists consider, selves temporarily abolished until Noah establishesliis "organisation." ., Falx.-And Prophets until the Wave of Fire. ?> , ? - Mrs. Sweetwinter.-Pray what do you think of all this talk, sir ? "I think, madam," said the paraon, "that some of His creatures might give, the ita. vidence who made them credit for* a little common sense." 