Tales. Publicans and Sinners. A LIFE PICTURE. ®T THE AUTHORESS OF ' IADY AUDLEY'8 SECRET,' *e. fl'The right of publication has been purchased by the proprietor! L ot the Sydney Kail.] BOOK I.— CHAPTER XIV. Geoffrey Leabns the Wohbt. 'They had dined, and the letter was ?written. A week old xnooa shone in the placid heaven ; the tender night stillness had descended upon the always-quiet town ; lights twinkled gaily from the casements of surround ing villas ; like a string of jewels gleamed the lamps of the empty High-street. The slow river wound bis sinuous course bttween the rushes and the willows without so much as a ripple. No sweeter air could have breathed among the leaves, no calmer sky could t ? _t ? *__^— r«*1 +Vt«a AavfTi nr» t*hnt. TiitrVit. in Vwnnn. ?when young Borneo stole into Capulet's garden ur*der the midnight stars. It was a night made for lovers. The clock struck the half-hour after 9 as Geoffrey left the hotel, with his friend's letter in his pocket ; assuredly a strange hour in which to visit a lady who had forbidden him to visit her at all. But a man who ? feels that he is taking a desperate step will hardly stop to consider the details of time or place which may render it a little more or less desperate. To approach the woman he loved armed with a 1 letter from another man ; to bring a stranger's influ ence to bear upon her who had been deaf to his most passionate pleading ; to say to her, 'I myself have failed to touch your heart, but here is my bosom friend's prayer in my behalf; will you grant to bis vicarious wooing the grace you have persistently denied to me ? ' — what could seem madder, more utterly desperate, than such a course as this ? Yet women are doubtless strange creatures — a fact' which those classic poets and satirists whose opinions it had been his pleasing task to study had taken pains to impress on Mr. Hossack's mind. He remembered Mrs. Bertram's agitation in that brief scene with Lucius, her exalted sense of gratitude. It was just possible that she really might regard him, even at this hour, as the preserver of her child's life — second only to Providence in that time of trouble. And if she thought of him thus, his influence might have some weight. ' Dear old fellow ! ' thought Geoffrey, affection ately ; ' he wouldn't let me see the letter. I daresay he has given me no end of a character, — like other written characters, which are generally of the florid order — praised me up to the skies. Will his eloquence move her to pity me, I wonder ? I fear not. And I feel odiously caddish, going to deliver my own testi monials.' If he could have faced Lucius with any grace, it is possible that he would have turned back, even on the very threshold of Mrs. Bertram's tiny garden. But after bringing his friend down from London, could he be so churlish as to reject his aid, let it be offered in. what manner so ever ? He plucked up his courage at sight of the lamp in her window— a gentle light. The upper half of the casement was open, and he heard the dreamy arpeg gios of one of Mendelssohn's Lieder played by the hand whose touch even his untutored ear knew so well. In another minute he was admitted by a neat little servant, who opened the door of the parlour un hesitatingly, and ushered him straightway in, assured that he had come to propose a new pupil, and regard ing him aB the harbinger of fortune. ' A gentleman, if you please, m'm, to see you.' Mrs. Bertram rose from the piano, the graceful figure he knew so well, in the plain black dress, just as he bad seen her the first time at the morning con cert in Manchester- square — a certain lofty pose of the head, the dark eyes looking at him with a grave steady look, after just one briefest flash of glad surprise, just one faint quiver of the perfect lip. ' Mr. Hossack ! ' ' Yes, I know you have forbidden me to call upon you, and yet I dare to come, at this unreasonable hour, in defiance of your command. Forgive me, Mrs. Bertram, and for pity's sake hear me. A man cannot go on living for ever betwixt earth and heaven. A time has come when I feel that I must either leave this place, and,' with a faint tremble in his voice, ' all that makes it dear to me, or remain to be happier than I am — happy, at least, in the possession of some sustaining hope. You remember my friend Davoren ? ' Remember him ! Her cheek blanched* even at the mention of his name. ' The doctor who came down to see your daughter.' '' Yes,' she said, looking at him strangely; ' I am not likely to forget Mr. Davoren.' ' You are too grateful for a trifling service. Wejl, Davoren, my dear old friend, the best and truest friend I have, is here again.' ' Here ! ' she cried, looking towards the door, as if she expected, to see it open to admit him. V O, I should ep like to see him again ! ' ' He will be only too proud to call upon you to morrow ; but in the mean time he — Mrs. Bertram, you must forgive me for what I am going to say. Re member, Davoren is my friend, as near and dear to me as ever brother was to brother. I have told him the story of my hopeless love ? ' ' O, pray, pray, not that subject ! ' she said, with a little movement of her hand, half in warning, half entreaty. ' I have told him all,' continued Geoffrey, undeter red by that deprecating gesture, ' and he has written to you, believing that his influence might move you a little in my favour. You will not refuse to read his letter, will you, Mr. Bertram, or feel offended by his interference?' ' No,' she said, holding out her hand to receive the letter ; ' I can refuse him nothing.' She betrayed neither surprise nor anger, but read the letter, which was somewhat long, with deepest interest. Her countenance as she read, watched closely by her lover, betrayed stronger emotion than he had ever yet seen in that calm inscrutable face. Tears gathered on the eyelids ere she had finished, and at the end her fingers crushed the page with a passionate grasp, and a half-stifled sob burst from the proud breast. ' His eloquence has more power than mine,' said Geoffrey, with kindling jealousy. ' He pleads well,' she answered, with a slow sad smile — ' pleads as few men know how to plead for another. He urges me to be very frank with you, Mr. Hossack ; bids me remember the priceless worth of a heart as true and noble as that you have offered me ; entreats me, for the sake of my own happiness and of yours, to tell yon the wretched story of my pa6t life. And if, when all is told, wisdom or honour counsels you to leave me, why,' with a faint broken laugh, ' you have but to bid me good-bye, and go away, dis enchanted and happy.' ' Happy without you ! Never : nor do I believe your power to disenchant me.' ' Do not promise too much. My — this letter bids me do what, of my own free will, I never could have done — tell you the story of my life. Perhaps I had better write to you ; yet no ; it might be still more difficult. I will tell you all, at once. And then hate me or despise me, as you will. You must at least remember that I have never courted your love.' ' I know that j'ou have been the most cruel among women, the most inexorable ? ' *' I was not so once, but rather the weakest. Hear my story, as briefly, as plainly as I can tell it. Years ago I was a guest at a great lady's house— a visitor among people who were above me in rank, but who were pleased to take a fancy tome, as the phrase goes, because I had some little talent for music. I sang and played well enough to amuse them and their guests. The lady was an amateur, raved about music, and delighted in bringing musical people about her. Among her favourites when I visited her was one who had a rare genius — a man with whom music was a second nature, whose whole being seemed to be absorbed by his art. Violinist, pianist, organist, with a power of passionate expression that gave a new magic even to the most familiar melodies, he seemed the very genius of music. I heard him, and, like my patroness, was enchanted. She was amused to see my delight ; threw us much together ; wove a little romance out of our companionship ; made us play and sing together ; and in a word, with the most innocent and kindly intentions, prepared the way for my deepest misery.' 'You loved this man? 'cried Geoffrey, ready to hate him on that ground. ' Loved him ! I thought so then. There are times when I believe I never really loved him, that the glamour which he cast around me was only the magic of his art. He was a creature of mystery — a mere waif and stray, admitted to the house where I met him on no better recommendation than his genius. He had the manners and education of a gentleman, the eccentricities of an artist. He asked me to be his wife, disregarded my refusal, pursued me with an un wearying persistence, and, aided by the wondrous power of his genius, triumphed over every argument, conquered every opposition, wrung from me my con sent to a secret union. It would be useless to repeat his specious statements — his pretended reasons for desiring a secret marriage. I was weak enough, wicked enough, to consent to the arrangement he proposed ; but not until after many a bitter struggle.' ' Why pain yourself by these wretched memories ?' exclaimed Geoffrey. ' Tell me nothing except that you will be my wife. I will take all the rest upon trust. There is no such thing as truth or purity in woman if you are not worthy of an honest man's love.' '? You shall hear me to the end,' she answered quietly, ' and then pronounce whether I am or not. The house in which we were visitors was only two miles from a cathedral city. He of whom I have been speaking ? ' ' Mn Bertram.' ' I will call him Bertram, although I am bound t» tell you that name is not the true one. Mr. Bertram proposed a marriage before the registrar in the cathe dral town. We were both long enough resident in the neighbourhood for the necessary notice, ludeed, that had been given some days before I gave my most re luctant consent. At the last, harassed by Mr. Ber tram' * importunity, believing that I loved him and was the object of a most devoted love, without an adviser or friend at hand to whom I could, appeal conscious that I was guilty of ingratitude and dis obedience towards the dearest and best of parents, £ suffered myself to be hurried into this wretched union. We walked across the park early one morning, and went to the registrar's office, where the brief form was gone through, and my lover told me I was his wife. I went home that very day, for the necessity of a fortnight's notice to the registrar had deferred the marriage to the last day of my visit. I went back to the parents who loved and trusted me, weighed dowa by the burden of my guilty secret.' ' Was Mr. Bertram's rank superior to yours ? and was that his reason for secrecy ? ' asked Geoffrey. ' He made me believe as much. He told me that he hazarded position and fortune by marrying me, and I believed him. I was not quite nineteen, and had been brought up in a small country town, brought up by people to whom falsehood was impossible. You may suppose that I was an easy dupe. Some time after my return he appeared in our little town. I im plored him to tell my father and mother, or to let me tell them of our marriage. He refused, giving me hi» reasons for that refusal ; using the same arguments he had employed before, and to which I was obliged to submit, reluctantly enough, heaven knows. But when he claimed me as his wife, and reminded me that I was bound to follow his fortunes, I refused to obey. I told him that the marriage before the registrar had to me seemed no marriage at all, and that I would never leave home and kindred for his sake until I had stood before God's altar by his side. This, which he called a mere school-girl prejudice, made him angry ; but after a little time he gave way, and told me that I sbuuld be satisfied. He would, marry me in my father's church, but our union must not the less remain a secret. He had a friend, a curate in a Lon don parish, who ?would come down to perform the ceremony quietly one morning, without witnesses. The marriage before the registrar was ample for all legal purposes, he told me. The marriage in the church was to be only for the satisfaction of my conscience, and it mattered not how informal it might be. ' Never shall I forget that day — the empty church wrapped in shadow, trie rain beating against the great window over the altar, the face of the stranger who read the service, the dreary sense of loneliness and helplessness that crept about my heart as I stood by the side of him for whom I was now to forsake all I had loved. Never, surely, was there a more mournful wedding. I felt guilty, miserable, despairing, my heart at this last hour clinging most fondly to those from whom I was about to sever myself, perhaps for life. When the service ended, the stranger who had read it looked at me in a curious way and left the church, after a little whispered talk with my husband. When he had gone, Bertram went straight to the organ — the organ on which he had played for many an hour during the last few weeks — and struck the opening chords of the ? Wedding March.' ' ' Come, Janet,' he cried, « let us have our trium phal music, if we have no other item in the pageantry nf ft ?wt-Af\inir ' ' He played aB he always played, like a man who, for the time being, lived only in music ; but for my overburdened heart even that magic had (no soothing influence. I left the organ-loft and went down stairs again. Here, in the dimly-lighted aisle, I almost stumbled against the stranger who had read the mar riage service. ' ? I was anxious to see you,' he began, in a nervous hesitating way, and very slowly — 'anxious to be assured that all was right. You have been already married before the registrar, your husband informs me, and this ceremonial of to-day is merely for the satisfaction of your own conscience; yet I am bound to inform you ? ' 'The last notes of the 'Wedding March' had pealed out from the old organ before this, and I heard my husband's footsteps behind me as the stranger spoke. He came quickly to the spot where we stood, and put my arm through his. ' * I thought I told you, Leslie, that my wife lias had the whole business fully explained to her/ he said. 'The stranger muttered something which sounded like an apology, bowed to me, wished my husband good-bye, and hurried away. If he had come back to the church to give me friendly counsel or timely warning, he left it with his intention un fulfilled. ' I left my father's house secretly at daybreak next morning, half heartbroken. I have no excuse to plead for this wicked desertion of parents who had loved me only too well ; or only the common excuse that I loved the man who tempted me away from them — loved him above duty, honour, self- respect. I left the dear old home where I had been so happy, conscious that I left it under a cloud. Only in the future could I see myself re-established in the love and confidence of my father and mother ; but Mr. Bertram assured me that future was not far off. Of the bitter time that followed I will speak as briefly as possible. Mine was a wretched wandering life, linked with a man whom I discovered but too soon to be utterly wanting in honour or principle ; a life spent with one whose only profession was to prey upon his fellow men ; who knew no scruple where his own advantage was in question ; whom I soon knew to be relentless, heartless, false to the very core. Heaven knows it is hard to say all this of one I had so deeply loved, for whom I had hazarded and lost so much. Enough that the .day came when I could no longer endure the dishonour of association with him ; when I felt that I would sooner go out into the bleak world of which I knew so little, and commit my own fate and my child's to the mercy of God, than I could share the degradation of a life sustained by fraud. I told my husband as much : that finding all my endeavours to persuade him to alter his mode of life worse than use less, since they led only to bursts of scornful anger on his part, I had resolved to leave him, and live as I best might by my own industry, or, if God pleased, starve. He heard my decision with supreme indiffer ence, and turning to me with the bitter smile I knew so well, said : — ' ? I congratulate you on having arrived at so wise a decision. The matrimonial fetters have galled us both. I thought you a clever woman, and a fitting helpmeet for a man who has to live by his wits. I find you a puling fool, with a mind cramped by the teach ing of a country parsonage. Our unipn has been a mistake for both ; but I am happy to inform you that it is not irrevocable. Our marriage before the registrar and our marriage in the church are alike null and fit void; for I had a wife living at the time, and, for^fj} aught I. know, have still.' ' _ -^ * * ' ' The consummate scoundrel,' cried Geoffrey, ?witig^ a smothered curse ; ' but why do you teU-?ne these* things ? why torture yourself by recalling ttSmf How ever wronged by this jillain, in my $fa^MM&JS9L; purest among the pure.' €**:&k; \- 'W^B ' I hare little more to tell, H.e took mMmBtoi ' ?' *?'*,;?'-??. ??---?&y; and left me with my child in furnished lodgings in a ! garrison town, where he had found profitable society among the officers of the regiment then quartered there, and had distinguished himself by his skill at lulliaxds. He left me penniless, and at the mercy of the lodging-housekeeper, to whom he owed a heavy bill. I will not trouble you with the details of my life from this point. Happily for me. the woman was merci ful. £ freely surrendered the few trinkets I pos sessed, and she suffered me to depart unmolested with my own and my child's small stock of clothes. I re moved to humbler lodgings, gave lessons in music and singing, struggled on, paid my way, and after some time left the town with my child and came straight to London, glad to be lost in that ocean of humanity. I had heard before this of the death of both my parents — heard with a remorseful grief which I 6hall continue to suffer till my dying day : the Bin of ingratitude such as mine entails a lifelong punishment. 1 was therefore quite alone in the world. I think if it had not been for my little girl I could hardly have survived so much misery, hardly have faced a future so hopeless. But that one tie bound me to life — that sweet com panionship made sorrow endurable — lent a bright ness even to my darkest days. I have no more to tell ; God has been very good to me. All my efforts have prospered.' ' I know not how to thank you for this confidence,' said Geoffrey, ' tor to my mind it removes every bar rier between us, if you only can return, in some small measure, the love I have given you, and which must be yourB till the end of my life.' 'You forget,' she said sadly, 'he who is in my estimation my husband still lives ; or, at least, I have had no evidence of his death.' 'What! you would hold yourself bound by a tie which he told you was worthless ? ' ' I 6wore before God's altar, in my father's church — the church where I was christened, at the altar be fore which I knelt when our good old bishop laid his hands upon my head and blest me — I swore to cleave to him till death should part us. If he perjured him self, there is no reason why I should break my vow. I left him because to live with him was to participate in a life of fraud and dishonour, but I hold him not the less my huEband. If you have any doubt of the Btory I have told you, the books of the registrar at Tyrrelhurst, in Hampshire, will confirm my story.' ' If I doubt you ! ' cried Geoffrey. 'I am as in capable of dojubting you as you are of falsehood. But for God's sake abandon this idea of holding by a mar riage which was from first to last a lie ! ' Then followed passionate pleading, met by a resolu tion eo calm, yet so indexible, that in the end Geoffrey HoBsack felt his prayers were idle, and farther per sistence must needs degenerate into persecution. 'Beit so! ' he .exclaimed at last, angry and de spairing; *? you have been consistently cruel from the first. Why did you suffer me to love you, only to break my heart ? Since it must be eo, I bid you fare well, aDd leave you to the satisfaction of remaining true to a scoundrel.' He hurried from the room and from the house, not trusting himself with a last look at the face which had wrought this fever in his brain ; rushed away through the tranquil Bummer night, neither knowing nor car ing where he went, but wandering on by the grassy banks that wound along the sinuous track of the river, by farm and homestead, lock and weir, under the shadow of hill and wood. It was nearly three hours after midnight when the sleepy Boots admitted Mr. Hossack to the respectable family hotel, and Lucius Davoren was waiting for him, full of anxiety and e^n 'If I had known anything of this place, I should have gone out in Bearch of you, Geoffrey,' he said. ' It isn't the kindest thing in the world to ask a man to come down here to see you, and then leave him for iive mortal hours under the apprehension that you have come to an untimely end.' Geoffrey wiped the travel stains from his forehead with a long-drawn sigh. t ??I was too down-hearted to come straight home, he said, ' so I went for a walk. I suppose I walked a little too far, but don't be angry, old fellow, I'm as nearly broken-hearted as a man can be.' ?' Did she tell you all ? ' ?? Evervthing ; a dismal story, but one that proves her to be' all I have ever .believed her— sinned against but sinless. And now, Lucius, can you explain how it was that your letter could influence her to do what she would have never done for my sake.' 41 Easily. You have proved yourself a true-hearted fellow, Geoffrey, and I'll trust you with a secret Mr?- Bertram is my sister.' ' Your sister ! ' cried Geoffrey, with supreme astonishment. ' Yes, the sister whose name I have not uttered for years, but whom I have never ceased to love. My sister Janet, who left her home eight years ago under a cloud of mystery, and whose wrongs I then swore tD avenge.' ' How long have you known this — that my Mrs. Bertram and your sister were one and the same peTson?' 41 Only since I came to Stillmington to see the litue cirl.' 44 Then this explains her emotion that night. Thank. God ! Dear old Lucius — and now, as you love her, as you love me, your friend and companion in the dayB of our youth— use your influence with her, per suade 'her to abandon all memory of that villain, to blot him out of her life as if he had never 41 1 have tried that already, and failed. I thought your love might accomplish what iny arguments could not achieve, I fear the case is hopeless. But my duty as a brother remains, to find this man, if poBsi ble, and ascertain for myself whether this marriage ?was legal or not. He may have told Janet that story of another wile out of pure malice.' CHAPTER XV. Thb Beginning of a MrsTEBY. Lucius had a long interview with Mrs. Bertram on the following morning* and he and Geoffrey left Stili jnington together in the afternoon, to the despair of the proprietor of the family hotel, who had not had such a customer as Mr. Hossack for many years, not even in that halcyon period which he spoke of fondly as ' our 'untin' season.' They travelled to London by the Bame expreBB-train, having a long and friendly talk on the way, Geoffrey en route for Christiana, to shoot grouse among the Norwegian lulls, and if it -were possible in some measure to stifle the pangs of hopeless love in the keen joys of the Bportsman ; LuciuB to return to the beaten round of a parish doctor's life, brightened only by those happy hours -which he epent in the old house with Lucille. It was too late to visit Cedar House on the evening of bis return from Stillmington, so Lucius and Geoffrey dined, or supped, together at the Cosmopolitan, and had, -what the Utter called, 'a gaudy night;' a night of prolonged and confidential talk rather than r of deep drinking, however, for Lucius was the most temperate of men, and -with Geoffrey pleasure never meant dissipation. They talked of the future, and hope kindled in Geoffrey's breast as they talked. Not ' always would Fate be inexorable; not always would the wojnan he loved steel herself against his prayers. ' I could hardly bear my life if it were not for one fond hope,' he said ; ' and even that is perhaps a delusion. I believe that ehe loves me.' ' I know she does,' replied Lucius, and the two men grasped hands across the table. *4 She has told you ! ' cried Geoffrey, rapture gleaming in his honest face. 44 She has told me. Yes, Geoffrey, a love such as yours deserves some recompense. My sister confessed that you had made yourself only too dear to her ; that but for the tie which she deems binding until death she would have been proud to become your wife.' 44 God bless her ! Yes, I nave been buoyed up by the belief in her love, and that will sustain me still. Did she tell you nothing of that wretch — her husband —nothing that may serve as a clue for you to hunt him down ? ' 44 Very little', or very little more than I already knew. She gave me a detailed description of the man ; but she possesses no likeness of him, so even that poor clue is wanting. The name he bore was doubtless an assumed one, therefore that can help us little. But the strangest part of all this strange story is — ' 44 What, Lucius r ' 41 That the description of this man, Vandeleur — that . was the name under which he married my sister — tallies in many respects with the description of another man whose fa'e I have pledged myself to dis cover ; a man who had the same genius for music, and was as complete a scoundrel.' Hereupon Lucius told his friend the story of his en gagement to Lucille Sivewright, and the condition attached to its fulfilment, to whicn Geoffrey leant an attentive ear. 44 You say this man sailed for Spanish America in the year '53. Your sister was married in '58. How, then, can you suppose that Lucille's father and the man calling himself Vandeleur are one and the same per son r' 44 There would have been ample time for Sivewright to have grown tired of America between '53 and '58. ' So there might. Yet it seems altogether gratui tous to suppose any identity between the two men. Musical geDius is not so exceptional a quality, nor is Bcoundrelism the most uncommon of attributes to be feund among the varieties of mankind.' They discussed the subject at length in all its beaT ings. It was a relief to Lucius to unburden his mind to the friend he loved and trusted ; the chosen com panion of so many adventures ; the man whose shrewd sense he had never found wanting in the hour of difficulty. They talked long and late, and Lucius slept at the Cosmopolitan, and returned to the Shad rack district at an hour when the domestics of that popular hotel were only just opening their weary eye lids on the summer morning. He spent his day in the accustomed round of toil ; had double work to do in consequence of his brief holiday ; found the atmosphere of the Shadrack Road heavy and oppressive in the sultry noontide, after the clear air and blue skies of the hills and woods round Stillmington ; and that all-pervading aspect of poverty which marked the streets and alleys of his parish struck him more keenly after the snug respect ability and prosperous trimness of Stillmingfcm's dainty High-street and newly-erected villas. * He travelled over the beaten track somewhat wearily, and felt ever so little inclined to envy Geoffrey, who waB by this time hurrying across the face of the sun dappled country- side in the Hull express, on the first stage to Norway ; but he was no whit less patient in his ministrations, and when the long day was done turned homeward hopefully, to refresh himself after his labours before presenting himself at Cedar Lodge. It was dusk when Mrs. Wincher admitted him into the blossomlesB courtyard. Mr. Sivewright had re tired for the night, but Lucille was at work in the parlour, Mrs. Wincher informed him, with her pro tecting air. 44 You never come anigh us yesterday, nor yet the day before, Dr. Davory,' she said, 'and Mr. Sive wright was quite grumptious about it — said as he began to feel you was neglecting of him. 4 It serves me right,' he said, ' for believin' as any doctor would go on caring for his patient without the hope of a fee ; ' but I took him up sharp enough, and told him he ought to know you'd never looked at your attend ance here from a fanatical pint of view.' ' Meaning financial, I suppose, Mrs. Wincher ? ' 41 O lor, yes, if you like it better pernounced that way. I gave it him up-right and down-straight, you mav be sure.' 'It was very good of you to defend the absent. Nothing but absolute necessity would have kept me away from this house even for two days. Has Miss Sivewright been quite well ? ' # Mrs. Wincher hesitated before replying, and Lucius repeated his question anxiously. 44 Well, yeB ; I can't say as there's been anything amisB with her. Only yesterday evening,' here Mrs. Wincher dropped her voice, and came very close to him, with a mysterious air, ' between the lights blind man's holiday, as my good gentleman calls it in his jocose way — she gave me a bit of a turn. She'd been walking in the garden, and down by that blessed old wharf, where there's nothink better than stagnant mud and strange cats for anybody to look at, and it might be just about as dark as it is now, when she came past the window of the boothouse, where I hap pened to be scouring my saucepans andsuch-like ; for the work do get behindhand in this barrack of a place. You know the boothouse, don't you Dr. Da vory — the little low building with the peaky roof, just beyond the laundry ? ' 41 Yes, I know. Go on pray.' 41 Wtll, she came past the window looking so pale and strange, with her hands clasped upon her fore head, as if she'd been struck all of a heap by some think as had frightened her. I bounced out upon her sudding, and I suppose that scared her all the more ; for she gave a little 6hreek, and seemed as if she'd have dropped on the ground. ' Lor, Miss Lucille, says 1, 4 it's only me. What in goodness name's the matter r ' But she turned it off in her quiet way, and said she'd only felt a little dull and lonesome-like without you. 4 Miss Lucille,' says I, ' you looked for all the world as if you'd seen a ghost.' Aud she looks at me with her quiet smile, and Bays, 4 People do see ghosts sometimes, Wincher ; but I've seen none to night ; ' and then all of a sudding. she gives way, and busts out crying. * Astarieall,' says I ; and I takes her into the parlour, and makes her lie down on the sofa, and biles up the kittle with half a bundle of wood, and makes her a cup of tea, and after that she comes round again all right. You mustn't let out to her that I've told you about it, Dr. Davory ; for she begged and prayed of me not to say a word, only I thought it my bonding duty to tell you.' 41 And you were right, Mrs. Wiucher. No, I'll not betray voa. This dismal old house is enough to blight any life. Would to God I could take her to a brighter home without delay !' 44 Im sure I wish you could,' answered Mrs. Wincher heartily ; ' for I must say there never was a house that less repaid the trouble of cleaning, or ? weighed heavier on the spirits.' This little exchange of confidences had taken place in the forecourt, where Mra. Wincher had detained Mr. Davoren while she disburdened her bosom of its wei&ht.; Lucius went straight to the parlour, where Lucille was seated before a formidable pile of household linen —table-cloths in the last stage of attenuation, sheets worn threadbare, which she was darning witti a sublime patience. She looked up as Lucius entered th« ioom, and a Cunt flush lighted up the pale lace at sight of her lover ; yet, despite her pleasure at his re turn, he saw that she had changed for the worse during hiB brief absence. The transient glow faded from her cheek, and left her paler than of old ; the hand Lucius held in both of his own was burning with a slow fever. 44 My dearest,' he eaid anxiously, *' has anything been amiss in my absence ? ' 44 Was not your absence itself amiss ? ' she asked, with the iaintest possible smile. ' I have been very dull and very sad without you ; that is all.' 41 And you have fretted yourself into a fever. O, Lucille, end all difficulties ; make no impossible con ditions, and let me take you away from this great lonely house very soon. I cannot give you the fair home we have talked about yet awhile— it may even be long before prosperity comes to us ; but all that patience and courage can do to achieve fortune, I will do lor your dear sake. I would not ask you to shaTe debt or poverty, Lucille ; I would not urge you to link your fate with, mine, if I did not see my way to a secure position, if I had not already the means of pro viding a decent home for my sweet young bride.' 44 Do you think that the fear of poverty has ever influenced me ? No, Lucius, you must know me better than that. But I will not let you burden yourself too soon with a wife. Believe me, I am. more than con tent. I am very happy in my present life, for I see you nearly every day. And I would not leave my poor old grandfather in his declining years. Let us think of our marriage as something still a long way off— in the happy future that it is so sweet to talk and dream about. Only, Lucius,' she went on in a falter ing tone, and with a downward look in the eyes that were wont to meet his own so frankly, 4- you spoke just now of my having imposed too hard a condition upon you — you, meant, of 'course, with regard to my father ? ' ' YeB, dear.' 41 1 have been thinking a great deal about this sub ject in your absence, and harve come to see it in a new light. The condition was too difficult ; forget that I ever imposed it. I am content to know no more of my father's fate than I know already.' 44 This change is very sudde$ , Lucille.' 44 Not sudden. I have had ample time for thought in these two long days. I had no right to ask so much of you. Let my father's fate be what it may, neither you nor 1 ceuld have power to alter it.' It happened somewhat strangely that this Telease was not altogether welcome to Lucius. He had thought his mistress unreasonable before ; he thought her capricious now. 14 1 have no desire in this business except to obey you,' he said somewhat coldly. ' Am I to under stand, then, that I am absolved from my promise ? I am to make no farther effort to discover Mr. Sive wright's fate.' 44 No farther effort. I renounce altogether the idea of tracing out my father's life.' 44 Your content to remain in utter ignorance of his fate — not to know whether he is living or dead ?' 44 He is in God's hands. What could my feeble help do for him ? ' 44 And after cherishing the idea of finding him all these years, you abandon the notion at once and fox ever ? ' 44 Yes. You think me changeable— frivolous, per haps ? ' with a faint sigh. 44 Forgive me, Lucille. I cannot help thinking you juBt a little capricious. I am naturally very glad to be released from the task you imposed upon me, ?which I felt was almost impossible. Yet I can but ?wonder that your opinions should undergo so com plete a change. However, I do not question, the wisdom of your present decision. I have placed the business in the hands of Mr. Otranto, the detective. You wish me to withdraw it — to forbid farther in quiries on his part.' 4- Yes ! It will be better so. He is not likely to discover the truth. He would only raise false hopes, to end in bitter disappointment.' ?' His manner was certainly far from hopeful when I put the case before him. But these men have an extraordinary power of hunting up evidence. He might succeed.' 41 No, no, Lucius. He would only lure you on to spend all your hardly-earned money, and fail at last. Tell him your inquiry is at an end. And now let us say no more about this painful subject. You are not angry with me, Lucius, fer having caused you so much trouble ? ' 41 It is impossible for me to be angry with you, Lucille,' answered the surgeon, and then followed the foolish lovers' talk, at which Mrs. Wincher (presently appearing with the supper tray, whereon was set forth a banquet consisting of a plate of hard biscuits and a tumbler of London milk for Lucille's refresh ment), assisted in her capacity of duenna and guardian angel, for half an hour of unalloyed bliss ; after which she escorted Lucius to the grim old gate, like a State prisoner led across the garden of the Tower on his ?way to execution. 41 1 shall come early to-morrow to see your grand father,' said Lucius to Lucille at parting. He went home lighter-hearted than usual. It was a relief to be rid of that troublesome search for a man ?who seemed to have vanished utterly from human ken. He wrote to Mr. Otranto, the detective, before he slept, bidding that gentleman consider the business about which he (Bucius) had consulted him at an Mr. 8ivewright received his medical attendant with a somewhat fretful air next morning, and Lucius was both shocked and surprised to discover that a charge for the worse had occurred in his patient during Mb absence. There was a touch of fever that was new to the case — a nervous depression, such as he had not found in the invalid for some time past. But this change seemed the effect of mental excite ment rather than of physical weakness. ' Why did vou leave me so long? ' asked Mr. Sive wright peevis'hly. ' But I am a fool to ask such a question. I pay you nothing, and it is not likely you would allow any consideration for my comfort to stand in the way of your pleasure.' 41 1 have not been taking pleasure,' answered Lucius quietly, ' nor could I give you more honest service than I now give you were you to pay me five hundred a year for my attendance. Wny are you always so ready to suspect me of sordid motives ? ' 41 Because I have never found mankind governed by any other motives,' replied the old man. ' How ever, I daresay I wrong you. I like you, and you have been very good tome; so good that I have come to lean upon you as if you were indeed that staff o my old age which I should have found in my son. I am glad you have come back. Do you belisve in sinister influences, in presentiments of approaching misfortune ? Do you believe that Death casts a warn ing shadow across our path when he drawe near us ?' 44 I believe that invalids are fanciful,' answered Lucius lightly ; ' you have been thinking too much during my absence.' 44 Fanciful ! ' repeated Mr. Sivewright with a sigh, -* yes, it may have been nothing more than a sick man's fancy. Yet I have seemed to feel a shadowy presence in this house- -the unseen presence of an enemy. There have been strange sounds too in the long sleepless night — not last night, all was quiet enough then — but on the previous night ; sounds of doors opening and shutting ; stealthily opened, stealthily closed, bnt not so quietly done as to cheat my wakeful eare. Once I could h&ve; sworn that I beard voices, yet when I questioned both the Winchers next morning they declared they had heard nothing.' 44 Did you say anything to Lucille about these noises ?' 44 Not a word. Do you think I would scare that poor lonely child ? No, the house is dreary enough. I won't pat the notion of ghoBts or other midnight in truders into her head ; girls' brains are quick enough, to grow fancies.' 41 There was wisdom in that reserve.' said Lucius ; and then he went on thoughtfully, ' the noises you heard were natural enough, I have no doubt. Old bouses are fruitful of phantoms ; doors loosely fastened, old locks that have lost their spring ; given. a strong wind, and you have a ghostly promenade.' 41 But there was no wind the night before last. The air was hot and sultry. I had my window open all night.' 44 And you may therefore have imagined the noises in yonder road to be sounds proceeding from the interior of this house. Nothing is bo deceptive as the BeuBe of hearing, especially in nervous subjects.' 41 No, Davoren, I made no such mistake. Nothing you or any one else can say will convince me that I did not hear the heavy outer door, the door at the back opening upon the garden, opened and shut. 1 should, perhaps, have thought less of this fact,. Btrange and alarming as it is in itself, were it not for my own feelings. From the hour in which I heard those sounds I have had an overpowering sense of approach ing evil. I feel that something, or some influence in imical to myself, is near at hand, overshadowing and surrounding my life with its evil power. I feel almost as I felt twelve years ago, when I woke from my drugged sleep to find that m- son had robbed. me.' 44 The delusion of an overwrought brain,' said Lucius. ' I must give you a sedative that will in sure better sleep.' 14 No, for pity's sake,' cried the old man eagerly,, 44 no opiates. Let me retain my natural sense to the last. If there is danger at hand I need it all the more.' ' There can be no such thing as danger,' said. Lucius ; 4- but I will examine the fastenings of that back door, and. of all other external doors, and, if necessary, have the locks and bolts made more secure.' 41 The locks and bolts are strong enough. You need'. waBte no money on them. I used to fasten all doors myself every night before my illness.' 44 You have every reason to trust the Winchers, I. suppose ? ' 44 As much reason as I can have to trust any human. being. They have served me upwards of twenty years, and I have never yet found them out in any attempt to cheat me. They may have been robbing me all the time, nevertheless, as my son robbed me,, and may wind up by cutting my throat.' 44 A crime that would hardly repay them for their trouble, I imagine,' said Lucius, with his thoughtful smile, ' since you possess nothing but your collection,,, and the assassins could hardly dispose of that.' *' Perhaps not. But they may think that I am rich —in spite of all I have ever told them of my poverty — just as you may think that I am rich, and that the penniless girl you have chosen may turn out a rich prize by and by.' ♦4 1 have no such thought,' answered Lucius, meet ing his patient's cunning look with the calm clear gaze of perfect truth ; ' wealth or poverty can make no difference in my love for your granddaughter. For her own sake I might wish that she were not alto gether portionless, for mine I can have no such desire. I value no fortune but such as I can win for myself.' 44 You. speak like a proud man, and a foolish one into the bargain. To say you do not value money is about as wise as to say you do not value the air you breathe ; for one is almost as necessary to existence as the other. What does it matter who makes the money, or how it is made, so long as it finds its way to your pocket ? Will a sovereign buy less because it was Bcraped out of a. gutter ? Is wealth one whit the less powerful though a man crawls through the dirt to win it ? Let him squeeze it from the sweat and toil of his fellow men, it carries no stain of their labour. Let him cheat for it, lie for it, betray his- ' brother or abjure his God for it, his fellow men will honour him none the less, bo long as he has enough of it. The gold won on a racecourse or at a gaming table, though broken hearts and ruined homes went along with it, has as true a ring as your honourable independence, by whatever inspiration of genius or. toil or ferain you may earn it.' 44 You speak bitterly, like a man who has been ac customed to contemplate humanity 4 the seamy side without,' ' said Lucius coldly ; ' but be assured I have never calculated on being enriched by the fruits of your industry.' 44 Not even upon finding yourself the inheritor of my collection?' inquired Mr. Sivewright, his keen eyes peering into the surgeon's face. 44 1 have not even aspired to that honour,' replied Lucius, with a somewhat contemptuous glance at the outer shell of painted canvas, inscribed with hiero glyphics, which encased the departed Pharaoh. ' So much the better,' saidtheold man. ?' I should'. be sorry to think you might be disappointed by and. by, when this shrunken form is clay, and you come to grope among my art treasures thinking to find some ? hidden hoard— the miser's hoard of slowly-gathered. ?wealth which he loved too well to spend, and yet was obliged to leave behind him at the last.' Lucius looked at the speaker curiously. The old man's pale grey eyes shone with a vivid light ; his thin tremulous hands were spread above the bed clothes, as it they had been stretched over a pile of gold, protecting it from a possible assailant. 44 Yes,' thought LuciuB, 4- I have often fan3ied this man must be a miser; I am 6ure of it now. Those words, that gesture, tell their own story. In spite of all his declarations to the contrary, he is rich, and these groundless fears spring from the thought of some concealed hoard which he feels himself power less to protect.' He felt some pity, but more contempt, for the sub ject of these thoughts, and no elation at the idea that bis hoarded wealth might possibly come to him. He did his best to soothe the old man's excited nerves, and succeeded tolerably well. He had taken up his hat, and was on the point of hurrying off to begin his daily round — delayed considerably by the length ot this interview— when Mr. Sivewright called him back. 41 Will it trouble you to return here after your day's work i' he asked. , 41 Trouble me r very far from it. I had counted on spending my evening with Lucille — and you, uyou are well enough to be plagued with my company. 44 You know I always like your company. But to night I have something to de ; some papers that i want to look over, of no particular importance eitner to myself or those that come after me ; old documents connected with my business career and what not. But I want to set my house in order before ll«»«» for a narrower one. Now, Davoren, I want you to hunt up some ot these papers for me. I have sent that old fumbler, Wincher. to look for them, but the man is purblind, I suppose, for he did not succeed in finding them. They are in an oW oak cabinet, ' in a loft wnere I keep the dregs of my collect! on ; LuciUe will show you the place. Here is the kerrjji0* isacuriouione-andthe papers are stowed away _ia odd comers of the cabinet; innerdrawe « J™£ ! rokere call secret, but which a child nughx discover at the first glance. Bring me all the papers you find there.' ' So you irish me to make the search now or in the evening ? ' ' In the evening, of course. It is a business to be done at your leisure. But you must have daylight for it. Come back as early as you can, like a good fellow ; I have a fancy for looking over those papers to-night. Heaven only knows ho w many days remain to me.' ?' The same doubt hangs over the lives of all of us,' answered Lucius. ' Your case is by no means alarming.' ' I don't know that. I have a presentiment of evil, an instinctive apprehension of danger, like that ?which all nature feels before the coming of a storm.' 