literature. TALES TN THE CAMP. UNDER THE FLOOR THE "OLD CAMPAIGNER'S" STORY. By SAMUEL HAWKER BANKS. tor, that we, in spite of ourselves, either hesi- tate in our judgemnts in doubt of our own conclusions, or in part belief ; attribute them to a disordered imagination, and so reject them ; or, influenced by impressions made on our minds in the days of our nonage, we accept them as absolute truths, All men are, more or less, superstitious. It would appear to be a constituent of our natures. There is a unity between the material and immaterial worlds which we can neither understand nor describe-still less deny. "What we see with mir own eyes we are fully persuaded of ; but, in the event of being told of what another has seen, we require more than mere assertion. Much, of course, depends upon the circumstances which are described as surrounding the peculiar case under descrip- tion-the " collateral evidence " it may be termed-which, especially in a ghost story, is as necessary to conviction as is the chain of evidence, perfect and unbroken, to any enlightened and right-minded jury. | In my younger days-and here it must be remembered that there is neither man nor woman so presently young but who has had younger days-it was the custom of our nurse to herald in the drowsy god by the relation of some frightful story, going so far sometimes as to make the " extravagant and erring spirit " come from its confine, and perform with its own bone accompaniment" the march in fact, and to the air of " Such a getting up stairs." I remember, too, very well (in the old country, mind) how the said damsel in charge of our infant bodies would say, " And now it comes up another step," until she had brought the ghostly presence almost to the bedside-where we lay " dis- solved almost to a jelly " with our juvenile fears. I dare say this sort of thing is practised even until this day by unthinking nurses ; and I make no doubt whatever but that, to some extent-the limit of which is. unknown to ourselves-our conclusions in after life are biased by the impressions then made. I do not intend to guarantee the truth of the following narrative, nor to con- fess whether I believe it or not. All I can say is-if that is any help to the reader the story was told in all sincerity by the chief actor in the scenes described ; and if proof only be necessary to ensure implicit belief, that proof he supplied, and which I will endeavour to detail. The scene of the narrative was Sunbury, in "Victoria, and the time was during one'of the Volunteer encampments there-I think in the year, 186-. At these encampments, which were instituted by the Victorian Government for the laudable and very necessary object of bringing the members of the various corps together for the purpose of military instruction primarily, and secondly, -no less important-for the establishment of an acquaintance and good feeling among the men not likely to be obtained in the casual and imperfect intercourse of the ordinary routine during the remainder of the year. Military economy not being my present object, I will leave that portion of my description : its mention so far having served to provide time and scene. After the guards were mounted of an evening it was not an unusual circumstance for friends company and grade being particulars rarely discussed-to assemble in one of the tents, and, over a convivial glass, wile away the time until " lights out !" with song and story. It was on just such an occasion as this that I heard the story I am about to relate. The time was about eight p.m. ; the place was the sergeants* tent within the lines of the Collingwood Company of Rifles, North Bat- talion, usually termed the " Light Bobs," and the speaker was one known to his comrades as the " Old Campaigner." Song or story came equally easy to him, when the request was made in turn, and on this occa- sion the proceeding, being solemnly inducted by the usunl formula of "passing the bottle," he spoke as follows : " Well, boys," he commenced, " what d'ye say to a ghost story ? A real one, mind ; and one I can vouch for, implicitly, as being the principal in the scenes I can describe to you ? " The offer to tell a story was received with applause ; though the voucher appeared to be less fortunate. Notwithstanding this implied doubt, however, the " Old Cam- paigner " proceeded : " In December of the year 185-, I left Sydney on a visit to some friends in the country, distant about 140 miles. I don't intend to be too precise in these little matters because there might be those now living who would not care to hear themselves as having been spoken of in the business-though there is nothing which could offend the most sensitive. I had just come off a sea- voyage, and had been a good deal knocked about one way or another ; and I thought this trip to the country would recruit me, both in mind and body-for both had more or less suffered. I arrived at my destination at about this time in the evening, in the twilight, somewhat fatigued from a long ride, during which I had encountered many inconveniences and not a few dangers owing to the flooded state of the creeks consequent upon heavy rains. The homestead to which I directed the horse-no less glad to arrive there than myself-was pleasantly situated upon the side of a hill, about 200 yards from a sort of blind creek which footed the garden in front, and was the dividing-line between it and another hill which it was necessary to descend to reach it. I should say range rather than hill, to convey a proper idea. The family I had come to visit consisted of the master of the house and his wife, a maternal grandfather, a son of about nineteen years, and a female servant. There was another son, the elder, somewhere ; but he was of a roving disposi- tion, and seldom placed himself beneath the paternal roof. This was the household proper-there being, however, some male retainers who occupied some very comfort- able huts in line with a spacious shed, stockyard, and hay and corn store, all roofed over-which had been built at the rear some fifty yards from the house. The house itself was of the ordinary bush type where comfort and convenience were desirable. Its front faced the garden and creek before named ; and from the vine-encircled verandah, which had a westerly view, any approaching travel- ler might have bf en seen as soon as he crossed the range in front and entered upon the clearing in descent. At night, the light from the parlour-window served as a guide to direct the wayfarer, whose business or choice brought him this way from the main road, which he could regain some few hun- dred yards away. The house comprised seven rooms-three in front, and four behind ; the front division consisted of parlour, with a bed room on either flank. The rear divi- sion, of four rooms, contained a kitchen, store, and bed room ; and a little bed-room was attached to the one on the left-hand side of the parlour, looking from the front. They were very kind and homely people these I had come to visit ; very well circumstanced in the world ; and they bore an excellent name, far and near, for liberality, respecta- bility, and a something more than a mere profession of Christianity. There was no exception admitted to the rules of the house, which included regular family worship, and the following out of those almost Puritanical observances for which people of a certain class and from certain parts of England were then more remarkable than they are, perhaps, at this time. My friends were of this class, and from one of "these parts. The bedroom on the right of the parlour was occupied by the father and mother ; that on the left, ' with the small one attached by the grandfather and son ; the one adjoining the store-room by the servant, while the attached, one was kept for visitors ; and into this, as a matter of cóurse, after supper and family worship, 1 was duly and ceremoniously ushered. The room was about ten feet long and eight wide, ceiled,-papered, and nicely carpeted; fur- nished with a neat four-poster and hangings, i and the usual bedroom appui tenances ; the ! window, in the end, divided in the centre, and opening to within a foot of the ground, I was shaded by a then full- bearing peach-tree, which overlooked a portion of the garden extending to the back. " Peeling very weary after my long jour- ney, I retired early to rest, and enjoyed, beyond expression, the coziness by which I was surrounded. I thought I had never before occupied so snug an apartment, or slept on so soft a bed. There was a chair by my bedside, and on this I placed the candle : this was enable me to read a little to -a habit whichl had always favoured,-and matches were supplied me, in order that T might, if inclined, indulge in a little incense burning through the medium of an old black pipe. Lest I should doze off and forget the light, I took my usual precaution of placing the candlestick in a wash-basin on the chair, and, thus prepared, I proceeded with the detail. My wearied state scarcely warranted my effort to carry out the programme, for 1 soon fell asleep, leaving the candle burning. Awaking, I found that the book had fallen from my hand, and I noticed a dimness aboul the chamber anything but cheering-occa sioned, no doubt, by the long snuff which had accumulated on the burning wick. 1 forgot to mention, in the arrangement of th« room-furniture, that a small dressing-table, with looking-glass, &c;, stood on the right ol the window at the foot of the bed, and im- mediately opposite the door of the apartment, " On awakening from my sleep, as de- scribed, my first act was to remove the snuf from the candle, loosen the curtains I hac tied out of my way, and prepare for slumbei under a more secure arrangement. ÀU hac been done which I deemed necessary ; but, just before I blew out the light, my attentior was arrested by the appearance of a femah figure at the dressing-table with her bael towards me. She appeared to be but imper- fectly clothed,fand her hair was-as thougl she had partly prepared for rest-hanging down her back. She seemed to me as if sh< was making her toilet, or viewing herself ir the glass. I had not taken much notice o the female servitor ; but my first impressioi was that she, thinking, perhaps, that I slept had entered the apartment for some purpos in the household interest, and had stood woman-like, to have 'just one look' in : larger glass than her own previous to he departure, and would soon decamp. Wit] that modesty which you know, lads, is special characteristic of mine, I heroicall closed my eyes, and eventually fell off t sleep till the sun in the morning-peepin around the peach-tree and glancing in at m window-warned me it was time to rise. " I arose and dressed myself ; and at abou seven emerged from my room, encounterin only the mistress of the .house, who kindl inquired of me how I had slept. Durin breakfast these inquiries were repeated severally, by the grandsire and son-thoug not significantly ; and, in the intervals of hi serving at the table, I looked inquiringly £ the girl to note if her face confessed he intrusion on my solitude the previous nigh No ; the countenance of the girl, open an intelligent, rather well-shaped, and exprei sive of candour, conveyed not the admissio I certainly expected, after seeing her in m . apartment at so unseasonable an hour; and, i view of all the circumstances, I thougl that, if only a little one, a blush would h&\ risen to her cheek. But nothing of the so: occurred ; and in the pleasurable occupatio of the day- searching for native cats in hollo logs in company with a blackfellow and h dog, or learning from the former how 1 throw the boomerang-the incident of th night was forgotten. " The next night I sat up after the eld< portionlof the family had retired, talking wit the son ; and sharing with him the « cu which cheers' and very often inebriates, s that when I passed through his room, leavir him in it, I was in no mood for reading-an extinguished my light immediately c getting into bed. If my lady friend came . my glass for another view, the glasses I he taken prevented my knowledge of the fae and I reposed in blissful ignorance," The narrative was somewhat broken this point by £an ejaculation from the se geant-major, the soul of his company f humour, and, without question, one of tl best soldiers in the whole battalion, wï said : "When aie we going to have this ghost? For my part, boys, I don't believe the « old man ' ever saw a ghost. I move there was 'nary' a ghost, more especially the one this ' pitt:h ' is about. Will anybody second my motion as to no ghost ? " The " boys," however, though so earnestly appealed to, seemed to be of opinion that there was a something in the story ; and, after another " nip ". all round, and a general lighting of pipes-quite regardless of the straw on which we were all reclining-the candle was returned to its swing on the ridge- pole of the tent, and the speaker resumed his narrative. " The night following, being the third of my stay at my hospitable friends' house-. still not very strong in health, and over- wearied by a ramble I had taken in the after- noon on the banks of a sequestered meander- ing creek whieh murmured its way to the ocean through a delightful piece of country, and which creek was noted in the neighbour- hood for the number and size of the perch in its waters-the following night, I say, I be- took myself to my little couch at the same time the family retired-say, at about ten o'clock ; had my read and smoke as usual; and, in the course of an hour, had made all snug for the night, and was soon asleep. How long I slept I knew not then, for I happened to awake between the striking points of the clock in the parlour-an old and valuable piece of furniture which the heads of the family had brought with them from England, and which, being an heir- loom, was held in much veneration by them. When I awoke I had a very uncomfortable and oppressive sort of a feeling about me. There was a moon that night, and, but for the heavy clouds, would have thrown her beams into the apartment brightly, for she was well up in the eastern sky ; as it was, however, there was only just light enough in the room to enable one imperfectly to discern its size and shape. As my sight became accustomed to the peculiar tone of light, I fancied I could see, on directing my vision around the room, the figure of my former visitor in the identical place, and in the same position as when she had previously arrested my attention." " Weren't you frightened, oldman ?" again interrupted our facetious friend. " Only just a leetle bit ! come, out with it now ; say you were frightened-make a clean breast, or the story shan't go on. I move that he be requested to say he was frightened." " I can't say that I was or was not,"-re- sumed the narrator-"it was a sort bf feeling perhaps akin to fear, and yet not fear itself. I lay for a long time- it might only have been five minutes, but it seemed an hour, and then, without removing my eyes from the figure, by whom they seemed f ascinatingly fixed,-I felt for the matches, mechanically struck a light and applied it to my candle. But . nothing was elicited by this action. There was the glass, plain enough ; but no visitor could I see. My room door was closed, and everything was just as I remem- bered it had been when I retired. The only thing which tended to quicken my pulsation and make the time appear to be clogged with something I could not understand, and can- not now explain, was the stillness of the house, disturbed only by the heavy and sonorous breathing of the old gentleman in the next room, and the measured and loud ticking of the tall and massive clock in the still-further removed apartment. Luckily for my mental ease, the good lady of the house had given me a long candle ; and this I determined to burn on till daybreak-which the next striking of the clock assured me would happen in about two hours. As I have previously stated, my mind was not in a very bright condition previous to my arrival. A series of troubles had rather unhinged it and one of these was the loss by death of a very near and very dear friend. However, I contrived to get into a train of thought bj which my late trouble and more receñí visionary incident were both forgotten-foi I did not suppose, on reflection, that thc figure I had seen was anything more than was Macbeth's air-drawn dagger, A false creation, Proceeding from the heat-oppressed brain. either on the past or present occasion-anc soon, again, I slept. " I did not present myself at breakfast a the usual time, and my good friends, to whon my indisposition was known, were tender ii their inquiries, and impressive in their in junctions not to distress myself with exer tion, as soon as they learned I had not slep well. But I kept the secret to myself as t the disturbing influences-and determine« that, during the day, I would ride to th nearest township-distant about three mile -and try and procure some laudanum, to th use of which I had accustomed myself fo some weeks previous to my arrival in th country ; but, having exhausted my stock, was trying to break myself of what I knei to be an insiduous and dangerous practice My journey was a fruitless one, however and 1 returned to my friends' house with th determination to try the next best somniferot agent-a draught of my host's home-brewe XXX ;-and at the appointed time, I wt assisted, as before, by my host junior, who found was nearly as good at imbibing as was myself." " Here, hurry up with this yara," said tl ever f jocular, yet severe sergeant- raajo: ''The piquet-guárd will be floating aroun here presently ; and if they come before w have the ghost, it'll be a pretty go." " Ease springs, Jack," said the senio sergeant, also an excellent soldier, and are good fellow. " How can you expect the * o' man ' to get through his yarn if you co stantly call him to attention ? Perhaps you like to finish it yourself ! Go on, old mai never mind him. You're doing very we ¿ave another * nip.' Here, who's got the stuff? Pass it over." " Hold on till we get a light of the pipe," said another. " We've got half-an- hour yet; ¿nd if the yarn ain't finished then, we'll have the remainder to- morrow night." Some further badinage then ensued ; and eventually the speaker was allowed to pro- ceed with his relation, which he did in manner following : " Well, we-that is the son and myself emptied two jugs of the beer before we dreamt of seeking the blankets ; and it was close on midnight before we finally retired. I had even then, notwithstanding the courage instilled by the beer, some misgivings about my visitant.-I could not overcome the con- viction but that I should encounter her on entering the apartment ; and had resolved on my behaviour if she were there, or should honour me with a visit. Beneath all this bravado, however, I entertained a thought to which a wish was probably the father, that I should soon fall off to sleep, quite oblivious of all surroundings, material or otherwise. Nor was I mistaken. I had left my door ajar, and some few words were exchanged between my young friend and me- instituted by myself as a sort of fortifier ; and the rest was silence. My story may appear to you, boys, something like a repetition of circum- stances- but they all differed somewhat, and eventually led to one you will find more remarkable than you may have imagined. I do not know how long 1 slept on this .occa- sion, but I was awakened to consciousness by feeling a something very cold upon my face ; and, on opening my eyes, I distinctly saw, outside the curtains, and close to my bedside, the identical figure which I had seen on the two previous occasions. My candle was out, but the clear bright moon-high in the eastern sky threw her beams over the tree at my window, and obliquely into the room. " I must be honest, boys, and confess that I ivas disturbed this time, and no mistake. It would be affectation to say anything else. I had heard it asserted, over and over again, in my childhood, that if you spoke to a ghost, and asked it to decribe its particular trouble, it would confess itself freely and depart in peace; and even at this juncture I-remem- bered the injunction- but could not find words, or power to utter them. And yet it was not bodily fear I felt-it was a sensation bordering on the horrible, and one in which the danger seemed to involve a mental pun- ishment beyond my endurance. I seemed spell-bound; and, in my eager fear, I had time to note the lineaments of the face, and form of the intruder ? though neither were clearly enough defined to impress me with a belief in its materiality. I had ever ridiculed the idea of a supernatural visitation ; yet, in spite of all my protestations, there was some- thing in the vision now presented which tended to make me hesitate as to what course I should pursue. I don't know if any of you ever experienced similar sensations, but I felt actuated by a strange curiosity to ap- proach the object which held me in so, mysterious a thrall. . My first impulse was to get a light; but, on putting forth my hand, without removing my gaze, I found that my piece of candle had burned quite out; and in passing my hand over the chair for the matches, I unfortunately swept them off. To look for them was beyond my power-so great was the influence over me by what held my imperfect sight. My next act was to raise myself on my right arm,-remove the clothes with the other, stand upon the floor by the bedside, and then slowly advance to- wards the figure, which, without any change of attitude, appeared to glide towards the window, in proportion as I advanced, and then suddenly to make its exit - thereby. Still under the strange influence which had hitherto held me, I went as far as the window (then opened for a couple of inches for the purpose of ventilation) but I saw nothing there. I drew the opened leaf to- wards me, and looked out into the still night, under and beyond the tree to the fence ; yet nothing but the usual objects met my anxious view,-and the stillness of the night made my position feel yet more un- comfortable. Without closing the window, I retreated backwards, and sat on the bed, ruminating, as far as my mental state would allow, on the event which had brought me into such an unusual position. I was per- fectly awake and sensible-nor had I been dreaming; and I am fully convinced that, though I might have laboured under an optical delusion, I was in my perfect senses otherwise. If a delusion at all, it wasjone of sight alone, and not of mind. There was, however, a sort of reaction ; for, after sitting there a few minutes, a nervous feeling took possession of me. To go back to the bed I felt was quite out of the question ; even' to 8tay in the room seemed utterly impossible, and the resolution to go and awaken my young friend in the next chamber was no sooner taken than acted upon. I râid not tell him the cause of my awakening him, further than that I was unable to sleep, and should be glad if he would again keep me company in the parlour we had left ; he, however, made a proposition that we should dress, take the fowling-pieces, and go in quest of opposums. To this I gladly assented, and, taking the dogs with us, we sallied forth-meeting with very good sport until the grey of the morning, when we directed our steps home words. The succeeding day passed as usual ; but I was careful to take no afternoon nap,-and when night came again I hinted to my hostess that, if she did not object, I should prefer a 'shakedown' on the sofa in the parlour, however rough, to again.occupying the room-my excuse being the heat of the night atmosphere, and the closeness of the apartment owing to the tree near the window, which prevented the ingress of air. There was no objection to the change of sleeping places ; but I thought then and many a time after, when hundreds of miles away, with na prospect of an im- mediate return-if ever I should return at all,-that there was a significance in the question of my hostess when I made my re- quest : . Is that your only objection to the room ? ' I desire you to remember these little points of my story, lads, because they lead up to its conclusion, when they will be fully and clearly explained.'.' The speaker was here interrupted by a re- mark from one of the company that he could hear the piquet in the lines of the Richmond Company in our rear. There was no time to be lost now, in preparation for rest ; but the straw beds had to be laid down, and if not smartly done, that duty would have to be managed somehow in the dark. "We all went sharply to work, our visitors cleared out, and, in a short time the officer in charge of the piquet put his head in at the opening of the tent and said firmly, yet respectfully, "Lights out, gentlemen, please." He had gone the lines of the company prior to coming to the sergeants' tent, out of courtesy, and therefore, after expressing his regret at having to dis- turb us, gave us a kind " good night!" and departed to the next company-the heavy tramp of his men being heard distinctly in their march off, till another loudly-expressed " Lights out !" betokened their unwelcome presence at the tents of others. The dwel- lers in these camp habitations were not all quiet story-tellers-some of them were mac roysterers, drinking "potations pottle deep,' not always the health of " the General, noi any man of quality," though, by the way Major-General CHUTE was a thorough sol dier, and much beloved, by both Regular! and Volunteers, a battalion of the forme being then encamped with us, but at the rea of our quarter-guard. After all had been made as snug for thi night as it was possible, the light , out, au* every man on his share of the straw, am under his own blankets, the question wa briefly discussed, and finally resolved tba the " old man" should spin the yarn out his comrades promising to assure him c their wakefulness and attention by an ocea sional grunt of belief or doubt, ás either ser timent should obtain. After the settlemer of these preliminaries, and the inevitabl "nip"-from the bottle this time, with caution as to care in the handling of it the speaker resumed : [Concluded in our iiext.J 