RELIGION RUN MAD. To the Edilor of the Queensland Tiaes. Sin,-A short time since I had "a call" to offer some remarks on divers strange doctrines, contrary to God's Word writteon, and to tradition, enuciated by " Brother Skifllos," "the Chaplain," and others, at theo dedication of a temple to the new Protestant deity Teetotal. At titot dedication water was staled by " Brotler Skifl?ins" to be " the best and purest of God's gifts to men;" but Brother Skillins failed to shon canuse how or chiy water is either a purer or a better gift to man than air, earth, or fire. However, as Pro. tesiantism is but a modern adaptation of tihe ancient Proteus, one cannot much wonder at its various rami fications changing at every turn, as the figures in a kaleidoscope, so that the faet of its bestowing upon mwater all the attributes of our Saviour need not per Ilps create nmuch surprise; only I would recall to Brotlher Skitlins's recollection the truthll of Words worth's lioes " Tihe gods approve Th/e depth, and not t/he ltluult, of the soul." But what ca one say when Roman Catholics, tihe motto of whose Church is " Semrper eadem," utter rampaut hIeresy? pourivg it even into the ears of tho Ilfallible Pope himself without one word of rebuke! The Osserratore lomoano-tte recognised organ of the Vatican--announces Ittat his Holiness tsho Pope re ceived on tLe 7th of litarch "a numerous sud very noble international Catholic deputation, come to Rome to protrest (!), in the name of the Cathiolics of America, Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Great Britain, Italy, Spain, and Switzerland, against the mode of treatment of the Church of Christ, and of his vener able Vicar in this the lheadquarters of Catholicism, and especially angainst the threatened suppression in Romo of the religious orders, thle prop and bulwark of the Church itself. Prince Lrichltenstein read on address nod the Pope replied." The following is an extract from the address read by the Prince :- ",a 5 To-day our percecutars lthe Govern meit of the kingdom of Italy] meditate a nstew and moro audacious misdeed; tIhey prolposae to lift their sacrilegious hand against the 're t:oeart of the Churchl; since to thot most noble seat of life rwhich is called the hearl may reasonably be compared I he religious orders -inexhaustible nursery of saints, of apostles, of dloe tors ; sacred hearths upon which is fed theo flame of charity, of zeal, of science; marvellous springs whence gushes the blood of Christ, ever purer and more liv ing, for circulation in the veins of the Church of which you are the august hend." Now, were sanyone disposed to be hypercritical, it might be objected to thle above simile that it is para doilcal ralthier thon "-- asonable," inasmuch as there is but one heart to each hIuman body, whlilst there are many different religious orders, male and female, in thle Roman branch of the Catholic Church. This, lhowever, by thle war. I will pass over all the high flown " Skifniusisms" of the address and come at once to the objectionable portion. The religious orders arc described as "marvellous springs whence gushes the blood of Clhiist, eler purer and more liling, for circu Istion in the veins of the Church of which you are the august head 1" Now, if there is one thing more than another which has ever been impressed upon Cbris tians from their cradle to their grave, it is the ineffable purity-spirit, soul, and body-of our blessed Saviour. The Roman Church went out of its way to make the Immaculate Conception of the B.V.M. a theological dogma necessary to salvation, in order the more effec tually to cut away every shade of a shadow of a doubt upon the subject; that there might be no possible thread on which to hang a doubt of His pefect man hood. Yet, now, an infallible Pope is told by a "numerous and most noble international Catholic de putation" that the very quintessoence of purity (I am at a loss for words to express the intensity of my mean? ing)--that the blood of Christ "gushes ptrer and more living from the marvellous springs" of the reli gious orders! " Marvellous epringe," truly, that can render unapproachable, unutterable, inconceivable prrity "purer;" the "I AM" "more living!" Christ was and is " Perfect God and perfecl man, of a reasonable soul and human fleshl subsisting." Human flesh, conceived of a Virgin "full of grace" (as it isin the original Greek), and in whom therefore there was no place for sin," overshadowed by the Holy Ghost;" and we-or rather the Pope-are told now that thy life's blood of God in the flesh "gushes purer and more living" by passing through thie-in many cases very quoestionable- channels of the religious orders! Marvellous blasphemy! blasphemy against God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. One word more and I have done. The religious orders are (amongst other things) "sacred hlearths upon which is fed thle flame of charity, of zeal, of science." Well, if Torquemada and the Dominican friars, frizzing their fellow-men on the fires of the Inquisition, are exemplifications of charity, truly the flameo was fed with a vengeance. How the flame of science has been fed we know by thie condem nation of the theories of Galileo, which condemnation remains in full force to this day; so thlat if any Roman Catholic writes an astronomical treatise he is obliged to use the hypothetical "if" ?-"f the earth and planoets move round the sun," &c.--in; order to save is book from "The Index." "Of zeal,"-plenty of zeal undoubtedly, if the accumulation of enormous wealth and an immense extent of landed property is any eriterion. But I much fear me it is this very amiable weakness on the part of the religious orders which, in former times, caused our amiable sand ex emplary monarbch the eighth Henry-upon whom an infallible Pope bestowed the title .;idei Defensor, still retained by our esovereigns-and more recently the Italian Government, to "lift their sacrilegions hands against the very heart of the Church." A seizure by Csesar of "the things that aur Ciesar's," thereby enabling the members of the various orders to keecp the spirit, as well as tlhe letter, of their vow of poverty, by rendering the several corporations as poor as the various umembers of which those corporations are composed. As I have given a hlint above to "Brother Skifins," I will just remind the British members of the deputla tion, from the Duke of Norfolk-the premier duke of Engl?and--down to Mr. Siles, whoever he may be, that wlhen on a recent occasion the British Govern ment appropriated to itself the temporalities of the Irish Established Church, a grand Te Deum was suuog in the Roman Catholic Metropolitan Church in Dublin by order of Cardinal Cullen, by way ol a thanksogiving to God for that signal mercy vouchsafed to (R.) Catholics. Perhaps for the future it would be more discreet for these gentlemen "not to holloha till they are out of the wood." JOHN NELSON. Millie, July 23. 