TOWN TALK. We suppose it must have been purely a matter of pounds, shiJHags, aud peneo, that animated discussion last night at tbe North Shore as to the closing or other wise of a couple of streets, or e'o many eeiiEible people would never have stopped so long out of their warm bods, kicking np a roworer so small a business. We are far too wise in our generation to meddle with the mnrifcR nf fhfi nupsfcion at nrefient convuLiner that livplv suburb -even supposing \re knew anything about them, irhich, candidly, we are thankful to Buy we do not. But we really do think there . can hare been ne occasion for Mr. 'Xbomas Bobertson, M.L.A., to drag that vrretcnod Kiama Ghost into the discussion. Surely it is time that poor shade were allowed to rest in peace. Fearful, indaed, mast bare been the crime in life that am only be expiated after doath by tbe per petual trotting out, by parliamentary nad platform orators, of the groaning ghost of its author. Moreover, Mr. Robertson being a lawyer, ebaald Hive kaown better than to interfere with a long- establishod vested interest. His irreverent raising of that ill-used spectre was not only cruel to the poor ghost, but distinctly un,' fair to Mr. Forster. It is to be hoped the four gallant Majors despatched to Goulburn to inquire into Oapbsfh Rossi— what a lot of finding oat that gallant officer takes — will have a pleasant time of it. To be sure this is only the third time of asking whether Captain Bossi be a fit and proper person to command a company of Volunteers or not, aud a tliriee-told tale is not usually very interest ing. Everyone knows what the witnesses will say, and every one ksovrs what Captain Sossi will say, and every one hopes to bear nothing more of either. It may gratify that gallant officer to consider himself a tort cf superior Bazaiut, infamously ill-used at the bauds of a -jot of Ul-coaditioned canaille. Sue to tbe public, we are sorry to assure him, he is fast becoming almost as intolerable a nuisance as he long seems to have been to hit men. Of coarse there was no bloving in Melbourne Jasl night. Victory, nnexpeoted as it must have been, was borne modestly and gracefully, and not a solitary puff reminded the unf ortnnat* Englishmen thai they were amongst ft people bat lately branded by their distin guished literary countryman as the moat blatant under the ran. At least so it most be hoped for, tbe sake of tbs good fellows to whom defeat, and insh a defeat, moat have been galling enonirb. without any kindly, agreeable ' rubbing tn.' Only in one quarter did we. hear the amiible and characteristically colonial asser tion that the ' thing must have been squared.' The remark may possibly have been complimentary to the Englishmen as cricketers ; still, we should like to hear or see Mr. W. G. Grace's reply to the ingenuous youth whose only alternative for victory is roguery. Oar pcilit'cal friend seems to be ia the ' doldrums' again. Perhaps it is the nature of the poetic mind to be subject to these sudden heats und chiils, or perhaps be has been pursuing bis investigations of beauty on ' tbe block' further than prudence, according to modern fashion, warranted, nod f oucd, like another poet before him, that under certain conditions All Unot sweet, all ia not fair. At any rate thus solemnly doei betake 'final farewell of the long-haired, silky sirens of George street.' 10 THE BELLES OF SYDNEY. O, Sydney belles, O, Sydney bellei, i Tbat rate the fate ofSfdoey swells, 'Whose slightest word or look can make A man turn monkey for your cake, 8»y whst'oithesccretof youTBpellfi? 'Where Hsb your strength, O Sydney belles ? 'Tis not In beauty, nor in grace— Wlio fella in love now with a lacot— 'Hs not iu elegance nor tsste, Nor even inawasp-like w&iet.; The days of bustlen lung are o'er. E'en crinoline now charmsno marc, Is it, as with the fair of oid In eilvor oonfts to harps of gold V In laughing lips and Ioviug eyes? Or skill in housewifery or pica ? Alas ! the good old days nre dead, The harpc are dumb, the pies are lead. Such spoil' might serreyonr dear mammas. When list tuey met your papis j A happier !ot their daughter; oliire. Born to ndoru a» age of hair— With stolen chai nit our hearts to prig, ? And win a hasb»nd— with a wig. On Monday night, tbe Sth Decemlier, Cliarle ville was the scene of a melancholy suicide. William Hnwarri, wuo formerly kapt an howl in Sydney, but for the last ten or twelve ye'irs U's been veil known in Roma, Charleville, mid tlie surrounding stations 'ns occasionally cook at on* of the hotelB, or during the shearing as cook at tbe n-oalsliedg, deliberately Bwnllonrd » toasjjocnitil of ttrjxl'-i'lne. lire. Mtr.itt, on paesin; his room at tlie Warrego Hotel, beard him groaning, and went to OEk him if he WM-e unwell or wanted anything. He told hex wJiat lie had litrae. and she immediately sons for a medical f;ontlcmarj~-*AIr. Murray — who happened to be ia toirn. Although everything was done for uim that medical skill could EugRrst. the cue from tbe first must have been nopcless, e« the pnissn had been ingrained into his Ly&ezn; before id was discovered he bad taken it. As far as can be ascertained, he took tbe strychnine about 11 o'clock p.m. o& Monday; he died about 3 a.m. on Tuesday. He had fre quently fill, ' Well, In » week t shall be dead ; Vre only eo many days to lire ;' but. as he was known -to be nno of ' ' tbe Did school' wlio alwars ' knocked down his cneque like a man' as soon as he nude one, no notice was taken of hie layincs. J The total quantity^ of tin ore received from ( Lite tin mines nf New England, by the Clarence and New j England B. N'. Co., at South Grafton, for the week ending : I3tn December, -was SI tons 13 cwt. 2 qre. 151bs. ' 