THEATRE ROYAL. On Friday Miss Rose Evans took her benefit at the Royal There was a good, though not a bumper house, and we are inclined to think that the attendance would have been larger had i different programme been selected, but the air beneficiare essayed to take the leading put n the first three acts of "Hamlet" Hioeffort waa an aspiring one, but we do not think the imbitton is of a kind that deserves to succeed, is there is something so utterly incongruous in &c; ides, of a feminine Hamlet. Miss Evans nust necessarily appear more unnatural in be character than many other actresses night do. The martial bearing, resolute letermination, and intensity of passion dis n'ngtiifihing the unhappy Prince, eauld hardly je fittingly- represented by a pretty vivacious ittle woman, however great her talent for de •lamation, and however diligent a student of Shakespeare she may be. To exhibit an essen 3atly masculine character, in an essentially feminine style, is essentially burlesque, and this is just tile error Hiss Evans could with liffienlty avoid in her rendering of inch a part. She made the personation perhaps lather worse than necessary, by avoiding every) attempt, ex oept in the mere matter of garment*, to impart my trace of manliness to her appearance. Df her acting we ■ will not say much, because -we regretted to observe that she pras very unwell from the commencement, and under such circumstances it would be on generous to deal in oriticifln. Even with so much against' her she won applause, not alto gether undeterred, for her defivery of several passages; At the dose of each act she was oalled before the curtain and greeted with bouquets and hearty cheering. Mr. Gladstone's Horatio might not harmonise with ordinary ideas respecting Hamlet's friend, but his con ception of the character had the merit of being perfectly original. Mr. Woolfe dia not flatter the guilty Claudius, but abundantly justified the light estimation in which his nephew held him. Mr. Milne made a respectable Polentas, follow ing theiisusl practise of representing the Lord Chamberlain as more drivelling in his manner than there is any warrant for. Mr. HoUeway. was successful at the ghost, his voice, however, being too much of this world: The Quean was impersonated by Miss Cooper, who acted iv her usual careful manner, and threw a good deal of genuine feeling into her dialogues with her son. Miss Arden playei Ophelia quietly, hex part being a simple one, not having to go through the mad scenes. Mist Sutherland acted the player queen, and the other charac ters were assumed by various members of the company: At the fall of the curtain His* Bvans came forward, and briefly returned thanks for the large attendance that evening, and for the kindness she had experienced during her stay, in Adelaide. She regretted that her Indisposition had prevented her from doing jostioe to the part she had undertaken that evening, and hoped that at a future time she mifht be able to afford them more pleasure, tihe then retired amidst great cheering. a number of songs, sentimental and comic, were I then sung by the Misses Kelly Montagu, Bella S?* heriK& ""^•?* F T Oownejfaud Mr. Hans Phillips, and most of them eMscedi Mr Holloway then announced that Miss Evans was so serioisly unwell that she would be unable to appear in the comedietta of the " Haps* Pair." and the «Artful Dodge" would beauSututeo. This piece caused great amusement, and brought * .*?*•*?' I*2« ih? programme to a close about midnight. *'Savoumeeh JDeelish,** a new sen. aattonal Irish drama, and "Th* Spectre Bride groom," are announced for to-night. 