SPORTING. TOUTING THE TRAINING. BY "TOUT CELA." Foggy Morning.— Less Work Bono tlian expected.— Many Strings Absent,— A Pretty Pair Two-year-old. Trial.— Horatio sent Strong xan uauop. — as lie " Pink " or Not ? Safikst Father. — 'lis tho early bird that catches tho worm, my uoy. Precocious Sox.— Then, what a foot tho w-oria must bj to gut up tlrst, dad. Wednesday. When I stepped from palace door on to tho pavement at a quarter to four this morning, tho atmosphere might have been sorred out with a spoon, co thick was tho fog. Many a timo and oft, within three days of the Derby, have I been in a . " mental fog" before, but never to my recollection haB tho ondo f au Australian October presented snob an actual reminder of an English November's commencement. On reaching tbo Racecourse Inn, nothing was viaiblo from tho Hill, except a fleecy cloiul covering the tuif boiow ; but despite tho almost impossibility of seeing tho . distaneo ahead of one post front another, sovoral horses were already down, and a few of tho indefatigable phalanx of watoh in- hand watohors were flitting like giant ghosts through tho magnifying haze. Nevertheless, work was commenced long ere the aun had bccorao visible, though nothing very impor tant took place in the forenoon in the way of fast exercise or of trials. So little iudecd was done at all, and more especially as com pared with what tis.d been expected, that it would be only wasting the timo ofmy Sporting renders and of myself, to spin out the account of the spins in the customary ver batim et literatim style. It will, therefore, suffice to mention only the more interesting items of THIS MORNING'S PREPARA TIONS. Mountaineer, with his mate, Formosa, to keep him going, was seat au excellent gallop when soiree light enough for the touta to distinguish one animal from another. Tbo Dorby colt pleased his party much. Henderson gave all of his "team" good work. Lady Atko'e and IV. F. took a oonplo of rounds before thoir owner, when the suu had cloarud tbo air, and the aristocratic English maro inuvod faster than eke has yet done in public. Mr. Ivory's pair, Wrauglor and Ladybird,, had a lively gallop, Wrauger going specially well. l'andora wont with Finnigan, and bad tho. foot cf him. Mr. Hurtla Fisher's filly but of Sylvia and tho colt out of Fcnelia did a stripped and tiinod spurt from the five-furlong post1 oa the outer circle, the filly having the best: of is. Both moved in gamo ana speedy style. Tho Lady Manners Sutton (illy, with the Seagull filly just to start her going, then took a rattling burst over the same distance, and I liked her method of striding muchly. The timo of both theso was better than yes- terday's two trials. Presto and Surge, a pair of Sandhurst- owned uags, then did a flutter in their colors up the T. Y. C. proper, and a thunder- iiiy good llubter it waB. Presto, who is in tho Maribyrnong Plate, beat bis moro aged companion camforiably, and some of the " Peters " declared the distance to have been the quickest this training season at Fleming- ton. I can't swear to their correctness, though. Horatio (stripped) and Dagworth (in hood and body blaukot) were treated to nearly twice round the tan, commencing at a very fair bat, and Dagworth mak ing tho paoe pretty hot, after tho first mile, when Mr. Do Mestre Bang out, "Send him alon: , Mark!" Nor did ho negleotyrriers.forji he gallant bigjhorse, despite his load of clothing, went like a lion, and Horatio — soil — suilioc it to say, Horatio fol lowed him, and uot quite so much like a lion under tho oiroumstanees of being " in the buff." Both sweated freely, but Horatio far tho most; and opinions differed as to rolativo "piukness." By-tho-bye, too ru mored gallop on a private coarse did not come off yesterday. Jordan's borses, three of Mr. Holland's, Mr. Ryan's Laneer and llosalio, and a few other animals did mild exorcise, and then Iturding's cavalry came down just i>s all tho others were leaving, Stoekbridgo did a half-mile wilh Ail Steel, starting and finishing behind her ; and Maid of A.vencl took half a mile with Latona, making quickish time of it. Lainond's lot were " out for an airing," but neither Mr. Tail's nor Mr. Fiigate's put in an appearance. On (lit, that the Dolphin nnd Coniessa walked out yesterday afternoon, but not the Derby favorite. I heard also, that Mis3 Milly did a uico breather yesterday afternoon. 