SHAMROCK LEAVES. By H. L., 'i ZER's, N.Z. ' A type ?e it, anid. Three god lilof ails, , Love, Valour, Wit, for ever. I am not going to advance a theory for improvement of the Irish, nor a wild scheme for the suppression of Fenian rebels, but simply to give a few " Shamrock Leaves!.' gathered at stray times, and here loosely tied together. Some of them, though not quite unknown, may perhaps be new to some persons, and, others are printed for the first time. No nation is more rich in legends than the Irish. Even in this matter-of-fact nineteenth century a halo of romance still clings round the Emerald Isle. In many parts the banshe is still the forerunner of any catastrophe; nimble- footed fairies still dance beneath the summer moon, and those of sufficient faith may still see that comical elf, the "leprechan," with his scarlet coat, amongst the bending corn. To be sure, some people have said that appearance was nothing after all but the wild poppy blos soms nodding to the breeze. They, how ever, were unbelievers, so their opinion goes for nothing. This belief in the marvellous may easily be accounted for. Amongst a people, poor and uneducated, living in districts where the face of a stranger rarely comes, these fireside stories are passed from father to son, told and retold, till their origin is forgotten, and no one cares to doubt their truth. The wildly beautiful scenery, dark heath covered hills, chequered by shadows of flying clouds, deep, gloomy lakes, haunted by echoes that wake to the slightest sounds, leaping cataracts, and thick, sombre woods, help not a little to strengthen and and preserve the charm of theold tales. That of the Banshee is the: most generally re ceived superstition by all classes. There is no need to describe the Banshee ; the figure is supposed, as is well known, to be that of a tall, wierd woman, who wails around the doomed house before any dread event. Every family, it must be remembered, does not possess one of these ghostly visitants; our own, however,, is amongst those that do, as the following story, told me by my father, will show. The Banshee does not always appear; its cry sometimes is the onl'I warning : It happened, said my father, that all the family had gone on a visit, leaving myself and old Sally, the cook, the only persons at home. They had been away a week, and I was every day expecting their return. One evening, as I sat reading by the fire, I was startled by a strange cry just outside the .,,window, and at once got up and looked out. (Phe rain was splashing drearily, and it was 'ldark as pitch., I then went into the kitchen and asked Sally if she heard anything, and, S. hile we were speaking, the cry sounded again, and, after a short pause, once more. ., The old woman covered her head with her apron, and, shivering with much terror she said. "' Oh! Mr. Sam, it is the Banshee." I tried to reason her out of it. but she maintained firm her opinion, and a few days brought the news that a favourite cousin of mine had died, after a very short course of illness. The other story was given to me not many days since by a friend. She told to me thus : One night-or morning rather, for it was nearly two o'clock when we started -my sister and I were coming home from a party. We had seats in a friend's ear until we reached a place where three roads met, and then, as our ways lay in different dir ections, we set out to walk, and they drove on. One path led us directly to the house, but as this path was overshadowed by dark trees, we decided to follow the other, al though it took us more than half a mile further round. We did not mind the walk, as the night was calm and clear, and the moon nearly as t the full. Presently, as We were passing by a large field, talking and laughing, we heard a dismal kindofscream as of some one in pain. We were frightened and loolkd across the field to see if anyone was there. Again the cry came, wierd and awful, making us shiver without knowing why; and when we S heard it a third time, piercing the air close .) above our heads, we ran off towardIs h e a as fast as we could. We got there teri and breathless, but as all the house were bed, we crept noiselessly to our own little room. We sat up a long time talking and wan dering what the noise that startled us so could have been, but neither of us thinking . of the Banshee. Of tales about fairies, ghosts, and hob goblins, there is no end, and any old wife bribed with a new pipe and a 'bit o' bacy,' will tell stories enough to fill a volume. Let us now turn to a more pleasing subject that of Love. "Oh! love is the soul of a nate Irish man." Never did poet write a truer line. Love governs every action of Paddy's life, and is as necessary to him as the air he breathes. He loves his country better than his life; he loves his wife and children dearer than all the world; if he be a boy, he loves every "colleen" that comes before hisgaze; he byves drinking, and he loves fighting. A short scene will explain a fewr of the Irish loves. It is a Fair day in "merry Maynooth," let us say. The ground is covered with splendid "tints, and lashins of the best dhrink in them," and, see, here comes kil .s "',,,or, dresed in his best suit, a tail coat brilliant i with brass buttons, knee breeches, gray Iworsted stockings, and a pair of heavy brogues ; in one hand he twirls a shillelah, while the other is locked in that of his col leen. See what neat feet and ankles she has, untrammelled by shoes or stockings; look at her blue petticoat and her flowered Sskirt looped up above it. Note, too, her r tall, upright figure, to which the scarlet cloak adds grace, and the kerchief pinned lightly across her glossy. and beauitiful raven hair. " Och, Mary Mary, troth it's meself has passed a sleepless night, disturbed by dhrames of you. " "Och, go 'long, Myles; it wasn't me you dhreamed of." " Deed an' it was, mavourneen. I dhrame of ye all my days." " Faith, I b'lieve that, Myles: Divil a much else ye do." " Och, but whisper, Mary machree. If ye will only keep the promise you made me it's I that will be a happy man. An' it's you that'll have the elligent cabin, the natest turf bog forninst it, and it'swe that'll have the purtiest childre-" " Och !" cried Mary with alaugh, 'they'll need to differ from their poor father any how." "Is it you that says that to me, Mary ?" asked Myles, reproachfully. "It's a way I've got to spake my mind plainly. But don't stand here blarnoyin' all day, with the pipes again'." "Come, then, movourn; but dance light for my heart lies under yer feet." They foot it merrily, cut and shuffle, shake the toe, and beat the floor, till the ould piper stops from very exhaustion. Away go Myles and his dear to the nearest tent, where the love of whisky becomes too much for him. He rushes out, trailing his coat after him, shouting. "Whoo! who'll tread on the tail o' me coat ?" Some one accept the challenge, and a fight ensues. They batter each other black and blue, yet with no hatred in their hearts it's only for the sheer love of fighting. An Irishman misses a row sorely. Witness the little tailor, who exclaimed, " Oh! I'm blue mouldy for want of a batin'." The comic side of Irish love has been so often written and sung of, that it is difficult to select any lines that will be new to the general reader. The following is one of the latest that I have picked up: " Och! don't be beguilin' my heart with your wilin', You've tried that same thirck far too often before; And by this blest minnit an' day that is in it I'll take right good care that you'll try it no more. You thought that so slily you walked with O'Reilly, By man and by mortal unheard and un seen; While your hand he kept squeezin', and' you looked so pleasin', Last Saturday night in your father's; boreen. His thricks and his schamin, has set you a dhramin', That anyone blessed with their eyesight may see; You're not the same craythur you once war by natur', And that their are thraitors won't do, faith, for me. It is most distressin' to think that a great blessin' Was just about comin' down plump on the scene, When a cunning culloger, as black as, an orge, Upsets all your hopes in A dhirty little boreen. And 'tis most ungrateful, unkind, and unfhithful, When you very well know how I gave a go-by Both to pride and to pleasure, temptation and treasure, To dress all my looQks by the light of your eye. Oh ! 'tis Mary Mullally that lives in" the valley 'Tis she thit would say how ill-used I have been; She's not a deludher, to smile and to soother, And then walk away to her poor father's. boreen. I send you your garter, for now I'm a poor martyr, And keepakes and jims are the laste of my care ; So when things are exchanging, since you took to rangin', I'll trouble you, too, for the lock of my hair. I know by it's shakin', my poor heart is breakin', You'll make me a corpse when I'd make you a queen; But as sure as I'm livin', it's you I'll be givin' A terrible fright, when I haunt the poor boreen." The Irish halve a strange way of mis placing words, or of using themim a wrong sense, sometimes with a very comical re sults. I remember, a few years ago, Iwent jto have my photograph taken, and to the same studio there came one of my country women with heri' four children, whose pic ture she was going tohave taken in a group. They weii'e three girls and a boy.. One of the girls Nad s0in- ..... e, ia·r face, end the boy had lost an eye. After plastering down their hair and arranging the girl's dresses, the artist began to group thel "Now, then, Mr. Photagrapher," said the mother, " Look at here. You must put Nelly where they won't see the streak on her face, and Johnnie so as he'll have his good eye'out." At last they were settled, and the photo grapher popped his head under the black curtain, when the youngest child began to show very much symptoms of decided tears. "Now, my dear," said the man, coming over to her, "you must smile a little, and try to look pleasant, you know," The child only frowed more. "What's the matter with you, Nelly !" asked her mother. "Look pleasant this. minute, miss !" Words were of no avail; the child began to cry in reality. Her mother caught her by the shoulder, at the same time administering a sharp smack with a brush saying, "Look pleasant, ye little witch. What in the wide world ails ye at all. Then with a hearty cuff, "Do what yer bid, this minnit; faith, I'll make ye look pleasant, so I will." Need I say, the good woman's efforts were useless ? These stories might be multiplied to any extent, but I will close these Shamrock Leaves with some " Lines of the finding of Moses," by an Irish Poet: In a geen vally contagious to the Noil, Where Pharaoh's daughter wint to bath a whoile, An runnin' up an' down the beach to dhry her skin, She saw the basket that the babe lay in, Then, turnin' to her mail, she said, an' smiled, " Ah; tare an' hounds, girls, which of yez own the child. 