DistrictCoiirt. The above Court was opened yesterday, at 11 o'clock, by his Honor Mr District Court J udge M'Farland, and tho following cases wero disposed of before 2 p.m., when tho Court rose. G. S. Turnbull v Sydney Smith, for £6 14s. Otl. No appearance for defence. Verdict for plain tiff. Mary Rathmell v John Kelly, for £15 10s 5d. No appearance by defendant. Verdict for plaintiff. Thomas Collins v James Rolfe, for £i, was postponed until next Court, by consent of both parties. ? ? A. (iraliam v milium iiiorapaou, iui io uu. Defendant pleaded not indebted, on tho ground that tho goods oharged for had been supplied to his mother, who died nearly three years sinco. He said that he had paid Mr Graham for anything he had received from him since his mother's death. Plaintiff) on tho other hand, stated that the payments defendant had made to him sinco his mother's death were made as part paymont of tho general account, part of whioh was contracted during his mother's life. He also asserted that defendant had possession of all tho property loft by his mother, and therefore should pay her debts. His Honor said Mr Graham might sue defend ant as the representative of the estate of his late mother for any debts contracted by her, but that he could not proceed against him personally. He would advise plaintiff to take legal advice m the matter. Plaintiff was then non-suited. Al C. Heininger v William Thompson, for £4 Is 8d. The plea entered in this case was similar to that in the previous oue, and the nature of the account boingltho same, plaintiff was non-suited. Thomas O'Neil v Terrence O'Brien, for £30, for tre]YI ^Woodward for plaintiff, and Mr Owen for dofendant. . . . , Tho plaintiff and defendant in this caso reside, it nnpears, at Calderwood. , , , , I Plaintilf asserted that defendant had cut uotu three panels ot -his hardwood fence, and that, ho loiC'tho ssnw down fov twenty-Uvo d'W'J, and that, ho carried on a constant traliic through his pad dock wu.li horsi's, curls, aiut slides during that, time, although ho had remonstrated with hun, | and had sent him a loiter from Mr Woodwaid. defondant paid him a guinea for Mr Woodward's | letter, and at tho ond of tho twouty-lwo days ho put up tho fence, but. not so substantially as lieforo. ! Defendant said tho road ill question was tho , oidy way out from his place at tho timo, and that | littlo or no damage had been done to plaintiff's j paddock by such traliic, as neither himself or his family had passed that way only about threo times in all. Verdict for £3 damages. W. A. Dennis v W. Markham, for £30, for wrongfully impounding three milch cows. Mr Woodward for plaintiff, Mr Owen for defen dant. Plaintiff and defendant, in this case aro adjoin ing neighbors at Marshall Blount, and the evidence given ou each side was very conllicting, so much so, indeed, that direct perjury must havo beon committed by somo one or more of the wit nesses. Plaintiff and his wife asserted that defondan had taken down a portion of tho boundary j fence between them, which resulted in the cows in question going on defendant's farm. Defendant then shut them up in his yard, and sent plaintiff a message to tho eil'ect that he had them impounded in that way, and for him (plaintiff) to come aud tako them away. Plaintiff sent a reply that he would go for the cows when they would be im pounded properly, but not before. This occurred in tho afternoon. The cows remained in defen dant's yard all that night, and on the following morning, he (defendant.) drove them to Wollon gong and impounded them, charging for the driv ing, but not for damages. Plaintiff released them out of the Pound at once, and drove them home. Owing, however, to the driving, and the low: time they had beon uninilked, they had been little use ! to him since, and hence he now sued defendant j for damages for tho loss thus sustained by him. Defendant, on the other haad, said tlio cows in I question had trespassed on his farm by passing over a part of the boundary fence that had been carried away by tho recent ilood, and that should havo been replaced by plaintiff. Defendant's evidonco in these respects wero corroborated by his wife, and a lad in his employ, named Keft. After hearing the evidence most carefully, his Honor gavo plaintiff a verdict for £5, without costs. Mrs. Barrett, representative of the late Mr John Barrett, v R. Fishlock, for £8, for interest. Mr Owen for plaintiff, Mr Woodward for defendant. Plaintiff stated that the amount claimed was due for half-a-ycars interest on a mortgage deed. The money had been lent to defendant by the late Mr Barrett, her husband. Defendant had paid the interest up to the time that her husband died, but when he found that her husband was dead, he did not come to pay as usual. The deed in question was put in evidence, and by that his Honor said the term of redemption under the same had expired, and that there was no provision made there to recover interest after the term named in the deed had lapsed. The only provision made in the deed in that respect was that the mortgagee might sell the land so mortgaged to him if defendant failed to complete the redemption at the proper time. Mr Owen submitted that defendant had already paid one half-year's interest on the mortgage since the period of redemption had expired. His Honor said he could take no notice of that circumstance. Verdict for defendant. G. W. Commons, v J. M'Cleery, for breach of contract, £30. Mr Woodward for plaintiff', Mr Owen for defendant. Plaintiff deposed that an agreement had been entered into between himself and defendant some time ago, as wheelwright and blacksmith. He (plaintiff) was by that agreement to do all wheel right work for defendant, and defendant was to do all blacksmith work for him. Defendant, how ever, had violated that agreement in the way following. He (plaintiff) had ascertained that defendant got a Mr Thompson to mako him the body of a coach and two spring carts during tho term of the said agreement. Ho had evidence that tho wheels upon which the body of the coach I was placed were defendants, and that defendant s name had been put upon the coach after being placed on the wheels. He considered that the loss to him in being deprived of making the body of the coach was about £5, and about £4 for each of the spring carts. Daniel Buckley said he had made a written agreement (produced) with Mr M'Cleerey to make him two spring carts for £30 ; he had previously noticed by tho 'Mercury' that M'Cleerey and Commons were in partnership iu business ; at the time of making the agreement with M'Cleerey he (witness) roinarked that he supposed Commons had plenty seasoned timber at his place with which to build the carts, and M'Cleerey replied that such was tho caso ; it was from Mr Thompson that ho got the carts ; M'Cleerey told him to pay Thomp son for them, as his (M'Oleoroy's) child was ill at the timo ; lie did so, and took the carts away from Thompson's place. Cross-examined by Mr Owen : Had no conver sation with Thompson about tho making of the carts ; did not see Thompson make them. Richard Jones said ho had mado several spring cart bodies for Mr Thompson, for which he received 30s each ; had seen Mr Buckley takeaway two spring carts from Thompson's ; the timber for the carts in question was obtained from Mr Chambers, and the iron work from Mr M'Cleerey : Mr M'Cleerey did not examino tho work of making the carts, but Thompson's instructions to him (witness) was to got tho iron work required fortlio carts from M'Cleerey. Dofendant said he had entered into an agree ment with Commons, as stated, regarding wheel wright and blacksmith work. Somo timo ago ono of his mail coaches broke down, and as Mr Thomp son—his father-in-law — had a coach body doing nothing he gave him the use of it for nothing, aud that was how he became possessed of it. Ho made an agreement with Mr Buckley to mako him two carts, as stated, but as his child was ill, and as Thompson had carts on hand, ho sent Buckloy to Thompson when ho came for tho carts, as ho (plaintiff) was so much taken up about his child at tho time ; Thompson's carts suited Buckley, and ho took them and paid Thompson forthom; ho (plaintiff) got £12 for making tho iron, work of tlio carts in question, but ho did not employ Thomp son iu any way to mako them. Cross-examined by Mr Woodward : Ho did make an agreement with Mr Buckley to keep the carts iu repair for twelve months, but did not tell him that he could not complete tho contract. What ho told him was, that Thompson had carts that would suit him. James Thompson deposed that he was n wheel wright, and that having tho mail contract between Wollongong and Kiama, he was almost daily putting coach bodies off and on wheels. Ho made it body of a coach somo time ago, and gavo it to M'Cleerey, as ho required tho uso of such. He got nothing for it, and consequently tho said body belonged to him (witness) still. Ho had made several carts for sale, and as Mr Buckley required two that suited liim, he sold thorn to him. Hu had tho carts on hand, and ho told Buckloy hu might take them or leave them, as he liked. Buckley took the carts, and paid him (witness) for them. M'Cleerey had nothing to do with the matter any more than making tho ironwork, which he did not oven put on the carts, neither was there any understanding whatever between witness and M'Cleerey about tho making of tho carts supplied to Buckley. Ho knew nothing of any agreement that may have been mado between M'Cleeroy and Buckley about tho making of carts. Ho always had carta on hand, and would soil thorn to any person who mislit pay him the money for thorn. Ho would supply Mr Wood ward with a cart to-morrow if ho liked. Vordict for defendant, with no oasis, John ?.i'Geo v. 'Thomas: Coughratie. ' ' ' ; Mr Owen appeared for plaintiff,' and Mr Wood-, wai'l for defendant. Tho plaintiff in this case, sued for damages, £10, for injury to person. It appoarod that ho had been in a blacksmith's forge ou a certain day, and that dofendant bad requested him to pick up a piece of iron that was almost red hot, his hand being very much Lurried in consequeneo of tho said ' trick', being played upon him. His Honor said ho was not awaro of any prece dent to tho way tho case was brought forward being on record, and appeared to bo of opinion that' defendant, if guilty of the offence, should have been proceeded against criminally. Plaintiff was nun-suited. Of the twenty-six eases entered for hearing, all, with tho exception of tho foregoing, wero either settled, withdrawn, or confessed. North IrXAWARit.i. — Messrs Waring and Evans, J.B.'s, opened tho Appeal Court for North 111a warra, yesterday, and postponed the hearing of the cases until next Thursday. Appellants will do well to pay attention to this arrangement. Tmouos's Wdndkiis. — This exhibition was opened at tho Temperance Hall, on Wednesday evening, and was con.inucd last night. Wo be lieve we are correct in stating that the beauty and wonderful mechanism connected with tho exhi bition far exceeded the expectations of tho audience. The musical and comic parts of the entertainment were also very good, and tbo wholo well deserved tho applause with which it was greeted by those present. In a sentence, the exhibition requires to be seen to bo appreciated, aud if oneo seen it will not bo forgotten. Nswoastlb and Mount I'lkasaxt. — We have been favored by Mr John Wood, with the follow ing particulars of a meeting of delegates held at Mr Cairns', Lambton, on tho 9tli inst. : — All the collieries wero represented. Moved that the minute in reference to the new rules and entrance fee stand over until after the Wollongong affair bo settled, and that tho Is 3d levy be devoted to tho support of the men locked out at Blount Pleasant. —Carried. Moved that the secretary go to each colliery on Monday and collect the levy and pub lish the amount along with tho minutes. — Carried. Amount of levies collected by tho secretary : Borehole £23 Os. 2d., Wallsend £20 2s. Gd., Lambton £18 los. 3d., Waratali £15 Os. , Co operathe £i) 17s. (Id., New Lambton £12 lis. 4d, Total £105 7s. ltd. out of which the Secretary transmitted to Wollongong the sum of £80. — ?' Newcastle I'ilot.' Holloway's Ointment. — All sufferers from coughs, colds, bronchitis, asth ma, aud irregular action of tho heart are earnestly recommended to rub Holloway's searching Ointment well over tho throat, breast, and back as tho case may require, twice a day. Invalids may confidently rely upon the oenelicial effects resulting from this treatment ; this Ointment never fails to give relief. Its very first application lessens tho inflammation and dimishes both heat and pain. This soothing Oint ment by depurating tho blood on its route to or from tlio affected parts, promotes healthy action. In severe and chronic ca^es the Pills should always bo taken, as their' purifyin™ alterative and restorative qualities place tho wholo mass of solids and fluids in a wholesome condition. Tho Dunbar Castle, from London, with a general cargo, valued at £2S,000 ; and the Monsoon, from the Mauritius, with 5581 bags sugar, arrived in Sydney on Monday morning. A Saoiupicis to M at i: un a i. Duty. — The ' Wes tern Post ' relates tho following melancholy, incident Airs. Hicks, a perfect stranger in Mtidgeo, expired on Tuesday last, 13th instant. Her eldest son, a young man of about 23 years of ago, was taken seriously ill with the typhoid fever and his life despaired of. A telegram was sent to his parents at Shellharbor. To proceed to Sydney by water was frustrated by adverse weather, and the non-arrival of the steamer. A journey over land was then commenced, and on arriving at the first telegraph ollice a telegram was dispatched by the anxious parents, inquiring if their son wero still alive ; the answer was ' still alive, but very low.' On arriving in Mudgce, they immediately proceeded to the hospital, where they found liiui, as near death's door us it were possible to be. But through medical skill, and the careful and loving attention of his mother, and the nurse of the institution, ho was fnlly restored to health- - but at a great sacrifice. She, whose maternal affection had impelled her, in a delicate state of health, to face the fatigue of travelling a very long distance, and after that to spend many hours beside the sick bod, herself becamo ill on tho very day of her son's recovery, and, despite everything that could be donoto save lier life, she. expired on the day mentioned. ' . _'r' a 'I , Ghouoe's Rivuit FEtmv.— Tho case of New combo v Holland, briefly referrod to in our water police report of Tuesdays,: demands.- more than passing notice, inasmuch as the decision o£': the Bench, which must bo.. taken as the law until otherwise , decided by a: higher authority; is of great importance, to persons residing in the Ilia-' warra districts, besides others who make use 'Of the ferry in question. The complainant summoned the lessee .of the ferry at Tom Ugly's Point, George's River, to tho water police court, Sydney, for demanding aud taking a larger toll from him than was legal. Messrs. Goold and Hunt,. J.P.'s; heard the caso. Tho schedule of tolls legally deniandable at this ferry under his Excellency the Governor's proclamation of tho 10th December, 1872, include the following, 'For every foot passenger, 2d for every horse, maro, Bidd ing, mule or ass, drawing or not drawing, Gd and it was to try the question whether a horse man was, under tho scale of tolls in the 7th clause of the Act 2 William IV. No. 2, liable to be charged as a ' foot' passenger in addition to the toll charged on tho horsemen, 8d. i.e., Od for the horse and 2d for tho man, that the information was brought. In this ease tho plaintiff dismounted and led his borac into the punt and ' remained dismounted ' during tho passage across' the river. The magistrates decided that as the plaintiff dis mounted and kept, so, he must bo regarded as a foot passenger and liablo to toll as such. This, then, establishes tho fact that had tho plaintiff kept ou horseback ho would 'not have boon .liable as it foot passenger i and in like manner any pum ber of persons crossing iii a. vehicle, provided they retain thoir seals, aro hot liable as foot passengers.— ' Empire.' _ i SiitotrUia Accident bv JtrtB' Explosion of an Egg. — A singular accident happened to a little girl in tho Shoiilliaven district.. Tt. appears tho mother, in order to pacify tho child, put into tlio lire an egg to roast, uudwent about her household duties, leaving the child Watching the process of the roasting egg. Sho had been absent but a few minutes (says the 'News') when sho was alarmed by a loud report like tho discharge of a pistol, followed by screams. The mother ran to tho tire place and found that the egg had exploded, blow ing the red-hot ashes into tho eyes and face of tho poor infant. Tho intonso agony tbo child must havo suffered can bo imagined. We havo since learnt that tho littlo girl is recovering. Tub Last Ghost Stouy.— The 'Forbes Times' relates the following story of a stump ' Not a hundred miles from Forbes a lady had recently lost her husband by death, and after tho first ebullitions of grief were over, sot to work to arrange tho business affairs of her deceased partner. Tho absence of some letters which wore supposed to exist caused her considerable auxL'ty ; high and low they were sought for but all in vain, until nt last tho disconsolate and anxious widow was thunderstruck by tho consciousness that tho departed ono was at her side. Seeing tho cause of her perplexity, and cons'cioas of . his power to put things to right, ho led his 'erstwhile wife to a stump at tho rear of the premises ; putin his liarld, and drawing out tho missing letters handed them to her. In tho exuberance of hernew-lledgud joy she bogati to bo demonstrative, but sho was reminded in sepulchral tones that prying eyes and ears were observant of the interview, and seeing that she had tho letters safo, ho departed whence h§cfunc.' 