NEWS BY THE CITY OF HOBART, S.S. By the City of Hobart, which arrived in the harbour oii Saturday morning, we havo dates from Now South Wales to Wednesday, April 16th; from Queensland to Satnrday, April 12th ; and from 'New' Zealand (North Island) to, Saturday, April 5th. NEW ZEALAND. With roferonco to the feeling subsisting be- tween the natives and the authorities, -;the Herald observes :-" Tho native meeting which has just como off at the Bay of Islands, irre- spective of the fact that /the Governor made it his farewell act in tho country, has a very im- portant political significance, comouting, as it does, the strong feelings of friendship that have for so long subsisted between the Government und the various hapus of tho Ngapuhi and llnrawu tribos. Between six and sovon hundred natives were present at the meetings held sub- sequent to the unveiling of tho monument to Tamati Waka Nene ; and about four hundred woro prosonf at that oeremony. The compli mont paid by the Government in erecting a monument to the memory of VValkor has boon highly estoemod by the Ngapuhis, who rovoro the deceased chief for bia wisdom and valour, and it is also accepted by thom as an ovidenco of tho fact that the Europeans liavo not for- gotten his devotion to their interest at the most critical period in the settlement of this country." On tho 31st ultimo a tiro broke out at Christ- church, in the old Town-hall, High-street, used as a di apery store by Heath and Company. Tho building was gutted, und stock all destroyed. A policy on tho building waa ronewod on tho pre- vious afternoon. Heath estimates loss of stock at over £3,000. Insured in South British at £1,000. Building the property of tho Town-hall Company, und originnlly cost £2,500, but having been declared unsafe, its insurance of £800 in tho Liverpool and London wus boliovod to bo its full value. Nashclski, ironmonger, stock water damaged, £250. Insured in the South British for £1000 ; Now Zonland, £800. Herman, jowellor, stock damaged by removal ; loss, £150, Insured in tho South British for £200. Another fire occurred ut the Thames on tho 31st Mardi ; two honsos woro nearly destroyed, tho total damago being £S00. With regard to tho oi ¡gin of tho fire, thoro appears to be a suspicion that it is tho work of an incendiary, and within an hour after the oiitbieak one Job Tyler was arrested by tho police, as he was seen promonading before the hotel last night. Mrs. Sawyer (whoso house was on file) and the prisoner have lived togothor as man and wife for many years ; but latterly thoy separated, after appealing beforo the magistrates several times for assaulting and using bud language to onch other, and by some menus the prisoner wus ousted out of tho house, which he considered his own, and smarting under theso circumstances, it is roported that he has buen hoard to make uso of throats. NEW SOUTH WALES. The Herald of Wednesday says :-There was a loug debate iii the Legislative Assembly last night on the subject of pnyment of inombors. The question wus introduced by Mr.. Forster, in a motion to the effect that the Houso should, on Friday next, resolvo itself into ii Cominitteo of the Whole, ' to consider an address to the Governor praying 'that his Excellency will be pleased to cause provision to bo made, in con- templation of ,any chango in.tho Electoral Law, for payment of members of any futuro Parlia- ment, by way of reimbursement for expenses of travelling and attendance, and other parliamen- tary services. The House carne to a division hulf-uu-hour nfter midnight, Tho votes were equnl, amil Mr. Speaker gavo his voice with tho nyes, to afford tho Houso another opportunity of dealing with tho question. Tim Western Examiner relûtes that a family, consisting of husband und wifo, und wo believe, four children, were travelling through Orange with a horse und cart, and apparently had to camp from inability of the animal te proceed further. Tho husband left to procuro work, und during his absence, and apparently quito unpro pared for the ovent,boing almost destitute of oven necessary covering, his wife wus confined, and but for tho kindness of neighbours and others might have perished in hor need. The Sydney Empire has it,that of all dull days endured by mortal man Guod Friday was surely about tho dullest. The popular idea of this dny appears to bo that it is a sort of .mixturo of Sunday and public holiday. Serious people go to Church und eat fish, but" the gonoral public, who, wo are afraid, aro not serious, take 'bus or steamer, cab or carriage, and proceed to onjoy themselves after the usual holiday' oxcursion fashion. On Fridny, however, tho weather authorities interfered to prevent this sort of tiling, and the few pio-nio partios that did venture forth must have paid dearly for thoir irreverence Nover onco through the whole long day was the leaden pall that enveloped tho city lifted. It was tim sort of day to tuko tho starch out of tho very ' stillest spirits, and rentlev necessary au extra artificial supply to counteract the injurious effect of suoh nn un- conscionable doso of dump., Things must bo slightly uncomfortable at tho camp, with muggy woathor, and mud all day,'mid at night wot straw, and fifteen in a bed. Not boing a sardino one scarcely fancies such eloso packing as that, in any weather ; und .would rather volunteer for porpotual picquot on sentry duty, than faco a night nndor canvas, with so many bedfellows. It is to bo hopod tho woathor, during tho re- maining days of tho encampment, will make up for the discomforts of Fridny." Wet blankets, crumps, cold, and rheumatism, will ollbotually talco nil tho fun out of tho. thing, and except for tim fuu of tho thing what is the use of Camping out.'sleoping fifteen in a bed, nnd milking oucsolf rrenorallv uncomfortable. ". Tho same journal says :-A very horrible case was hoard ut iho Quarter Sessions, on Thursday, disclosing Homo strungo phases in our social system. 'One Charles Tuckland, a Chinaman, wus charged with hooping a disnrdoily houso, the principal witness against him being u countryman, rojoicing in the appropriate name of Lau Hawk. This Hawk had captured a pigeon in this den of infamy, in the shape of a young girl, a (nativo of Sydney, named Ellon Jones. She was one of several young girls in thu habit of frequenting the house and smoking opium and drinking with Chiuinnon mid "du Kiadixl white mon. " Ouo day elie was drunk or I- ---_ drugged, and in this condition the loving Hawk took her to uti acoouimodutiiig clergyman, the Rev. Dr. Fullerton, who, for a small consider- ation, very obligingly married them The girl was only nineteen, drunk, with only another girl with her as " bridesmaid," as drunk as herself, and the bridogroom was a Chinumnn. Tho minister, howevor, raised no objection to the ill-omened union. In tho drunken woman, reeking with the fumes of opium, he saw only the interesting bride, and ho consigned tho unfortunate crouturo tohor fate, doublions with a clear conscience, if not with a prayer. And this horrible mockory wus performed according .to the husband, at 10 o'clock at night, at the houso of a minister of religion. What wonder that the judge held up his hands in horror ; but it was only the Chinaman who was sont to gaol for kooping n houso of ill-fame. QUEENSLAND. The Umhang Com ¡er of the 11 th inst. says : A complimentary benefit to Mr. W. H. Chap- man was given in the School of Arts last night, and there was a large attendance. The really interesting and wonderful performances of Mr. Chapman wero warmly applauded, »nd his humorous remarks and explanations created con- siderable amusomoiit. Altogether the entertain- ment wus in every respect successful, and highly creditable to the performers. Tile Courier of the 10th gives a description of a tin washing machine examined on the previous day, and as it may be of interest in Tasmania at present wo give the account as follows :-It was inspected, at tho foundry of Messrs. R. R. Smellie and Co , and is a tin and diamond washing machine, which has been constructed to the order of the inventor, who is a gentleman resident in Brisbane. The machine can be worked by either steam or horsoe power, and the principle seems simple and effective. It occupies a total space of 16feet by 8 feet, and is cal- culated to wash a large quantity of tin ore per day. The process employed is as follows :—The oro is put into a hopper, from whenco, by the action of water, it is curried into a ,lurgo galvanised iron double-action 'cylinder. ' This cylinder, which revolves, is separated in the centro by a bridge. The fino dirt and oro remains in the first compartment, and tho coarse gravel is carried into the second. Tho stuff from the first is conducted again, by means of water, into what may be termed an oscillator, which is situated alongside, but on a lower lovel thnn the cylinder. This oscillator is divided iii to compartments, through which a stream of water is kept flowing. Tho same crank I which makes the cylinder revolvo also keeps tho oscillator in constant motion. On tho stationary bar to which it is stispouded t li oro aro rows of I thies-prongcd iron forks, which koop atirring up tho dirt in tho compartments. The water washes off all -the sand nnd gravel, and leaves the tin lying at the bottom of the oscillator. To pro I vent any.loss of ore or gems, however, the dirt so washed away is received into a vibrator, which is intersected by rows of forks, and is hero again Btirred up and washed, any tin, gold, or gems contained iii it of course settling to the bottom. Tho machine, which has been patented, is now on viow at the foundry, and is well worth the attention of thoso engaged in tin mining. i The Queensland Times says :-" One of the most healthy sigus_ of tho timos ia tho rise in tho price of lund in tho vicinity of Ipswich. Messrs. Hughes and Cameron yesterday sold a paddock, fit only for grazing, situated about three miles from Ipswich, and containing 73 ucros, for £310 cash-£4 5s. per nero. A 70 ucre farm on Redbank Plains has changed hands for £350-£5 por aero ; of this latter about 25 acres are cleurod und cultivated, the romuindei' boing only suitublo for posture. It is seldom that land can be hud on the ' Plains, ' and when there is any in the murket it is ut onco pur- chased by neighbouring farmers, us wus thu cuso in this, instance. Tho agricultural population around Ipswich is now more prosperous than it has buen for years, owing to the high price of dairy and all other farm produce except maize, and tho extremo rates obtaiuablo for young store stock. Tho cotton gonorally still looks very well, and should fine weather set in at onco many of tho West Moroton fanners will be compuiutively wealthy men, A largo amount of work is being done by the settlers in the district in connection with tho i ai J way, many dozens of their bullock-teams being employed bringing in timber to tho «aw mills, logs for tho bridges, and in oilier works." At the Rockhampton assizos threo chargos of murder wero investigated beforo Acting Judge Blake, on tho 1st and 2nd,instant. The hist wus against au iiisano mun, who killed ono Tilomas Sainot on the 20th September, 18G9 ; tho prisoner was detained in custody till her Majesty's pleasure bo known. The second case was that of an inhuman scoundrel named Daniel M'Carthy, who in a drunken lit kicked nn aboriginal fomale to death ; the process is described by one George Kelloway, ii butcher, who, in the courso of his evidence, stated : -Prisoner struck a black gin culled " Nelly ;" ho snid nothing, but made a rush at her aa he came up ; ho struck her with a stick not quite ns thick as his wrist, on tho head ; he struck her two blows, one after tho other ; she fell aftor receiving tho second blow ; the stick bioke with the socond blow ; witness was about twelve yarda away, and the blows wore given too quickly to allow of bia interposing; I when sim was down, prisoner kicked hor on tho loft sido ; he had bia bouts on ; ho cunio up to tho yard ; witness and his mate asked bim what he did that for ; ho replied " that will do," and «out away ; Nolly got up and went towards thu creek ; abo sat down about six yards beyoud whore [ she waa knocked down ; neither witucss nor his mute wont ovor to hor ; they wero skinning a bul- lock ; prisoner struck her on tho top of the head ; he took hold of hor loft arm, held her by the wrist, mid kicked her us ho stood up ; ho wus not chunk, and appeared tu witAss quite sober. Tho evidence of the medical mau was to tho effect that tho " gin " fdiod of disease of tho heurt, accolorntcd by thu treatment of the prisoner. In his défonce tho prisoner declared that ho'was drunk. The jury returned a verdict of manslaughter, and M'Carthy received ii sen- tence of fivo years' imprisonment. Tho third charge of murder was against a woman named Eliza Worth, who, it was alleged in tho indict- ment hud stubbed a mun named Nicholas George Fenwick. Tho deceased wus a man of iiuainiublu temperament, und amused himaolf by boating thu prisoner (with whom ho cohabited) and her daughter with a stockwhip, and occasionally varied tho custigation by throwing a bucket at one or the othor. Tho mau wus found stabbed to tho heart, and suspicion fell on Mrs. Worth ; but the evidonco failed to support the charge. She declared that Fenwick hud killed himself, and us tho medical oviduueo wont to show that ho could have inflicted tho wotitid on his own body, the jury gave the prisonor tho benefit of the doubt ; and sho wus acquitted. Threo enses of wounding woro also triod ¡it tho samo assizes» Tho Wide Bay Niws, of Saturday, remarks as follows on tho modo in which Polynesian labourors aro obtainod :-" Suvoral pooplo havo addressed us on tho subjoct of tho appointment bf ug'ont on tho Amy Robsart, which ia about to sail'on a ' rocruitiug trip ' to the South Suns. It seems that tho gontloman appointed is a cousin of ono of tho ownora, and this has been mentioned na a violation of tho spirit of the Polynesian Act. Wo really cannot decido tho question, bocauso it is so hurd to know what is the spirit of that Act. If any porson or any number of pooplo chooso to rig out any expedi- tion to kidfiap islanders thero is nothing in tho Queensland Polyuosian Act to provont thom. The appointment ot agents ia ono of tho most transparent of farces. It is notorious that tho Government will appoint anybody anxious for a billet, whntovor his qualifications may bo, provided interest bo mudo on his bohulf at headquarters. If some enterprising importera wiall to get niggers in the manner which, whntovor it may bo now, was tho usual fashion a very short time ago, thoy havo only to soluct somo out-at-olbowB loafer, and apply through tho right channol to got him appointed agent, and thon give him sufficient ¡uducomont to shut his oyoB to whatever takes placo on board. In many casos tho inducement usod nood not bo made vory largo, bocauso the now flodgod agent's, total strangotiess, and utter ig- norance of his supposed duties, nood only to bo allowed its full effect. If the owners of tho Amy Robsart wished to recruit by forciblo kid- napping, thoy would hardly solect u rotation of ono of thoir numbul', but rather somo stranger I who could bo afterwards sent about his business olsowliero. Wo hope that they ure siilliciontly honourable) not to go in for any scandalous vio- lation of tho law, and we are quito sure that they hnvo 'enough business ahrowdnoss to see that it is much safer to buy mou from the chiefs in the regular manner, and thus defy scandalous tongues mid ' rabid nut ¡-Polynesian journals. If thoy cmiliuo UKUURUIVCN to (hi» kind of trade they may opouly fuco ¡igui)ts,iimmgrution officers, and till the machinery of the law, and tho only thing that can happen to trouble their con- sciences will bo u ' possibility that some poor island potentate .may bo indiicod 'to' part with his, subjects for loss than the market price-and oven in that case thoy may,relievo tho stings of remorse by making a twofold restitution in tomahawks on tho next voyago." The following tale of horror is told by ii con- tributor to the Wide Bay News :-" A short timo back a gentleman and his family became the occupants of a house not 100 miles from tho Sydney Hotel. They had just got settled in their now residenco when thoy becamo painfully aware of tho fact that ' something ' waa in the habit of moving about the different rooms during the night. At first they pooh-poohed, but night after night caine tho same mysterious sounds. Matters becamo serious-no sleep-members of tho family did not like boing left by thomaolves ; neighbours wero called in, consultations held, but to no effect. Without doubt the houso was haunted ; ao in Bheor desperation tho family re- moved to another residence that had not auch a ghostly reputation. Shortly after this, tho house was again tenanted-thin lime by a family who had no fear of ghosts, ilowovor, ghost or no ghost, about 12 o'clock oach night a something was heard moving about; rooms that wore locked overnight werefoundopenin the morning; articles wore disarranged in the pantry, &c;, till at last lights wero left burning all night. This appeared to scare the visitor from his or her nocturnal visits. I had heard a good deal about this haunted house, but only laughed ut it. However, the other evouing I was sitting in my verandah, quietly enjoying my favourite meer- schaum charged with some of Johnson's best cut up, the soothing effects of which had almost put me in a doze, whon suddenly a piercing shriek rent the air-one of those shrieks that makes a man jump again, viz., the cry of a woman in distress. I dashed my pipe to the ground, and was over the garden fence in a second ; all the neighbours, with countenances blanched with terror, were rushing to the same spot-viz , the haunted house. I soon outstripped the others, rushed through the garden, and dashed open thu door, when, Oh horror ! in a corner of the loom stood a lady, a fair roproaentative of ' fair, fat, and forty,' with back to the wall, and in a state of /lora de combat, in hor uplifted liand'sho clutched a mother-of-pearl paper knife. On the top of tho table stood a fair young ereaturo in the greatest agitation, her garments closely tucked round her,quite regardless that n very neat puir of ankles wero visible ; on the floor at full length, in a position much moro conducive tocase than elcganco, laid another fuir young crouturo in u lit of hysterics ; and beside her stood a young man pale as a »beet, and terror depicted in his countenance. I look this all in at a glance, and in an adjoining ,uparlinont I could hear the thud of blows from somo heavy instrument, inter- mingled with half-smothered cries, ¡is if somo riiHian was murdering a fournie and trying to stillo her cries. With a violent effort I pushed open the door ; thora was ti long stream of blond leudinginto un inner room, and a noise Uko some heavy body boing drugged across tho room. Jnatv as I reached the door it slammed in my face, the blows and cries still continuing. Oh, Heavens ! the door will not yield ; he'll murder her beforo I can got to her assistance. Her cries get fainter and fainter-she must be dying. Frantic with excitement I throw my- self against the door, ¡t begins to give way -at lust it yields. I bruce myself up to dash tho murderous assassin to tho ground. With one bound I'm in tho middle of the room, when what a sight meets my transfixed gaze ! In a corner of the room there laid, with blood-bosmeured countenance, an unfortunate rat, with its tail fast between tbo teeth of a steel trap, which it bud been dragging from ono room to another in vain attempts to leach its hole." 