A HIIUNG?LARIAN CAUSE OELEBIRE. A TRt?L is at tile present moment taking place in 6zegedio, in Hungary; the extram ordinary complicated and dramatic history of which is destined to occupy a oonspicuous place amongst the criminal records of all countries and epoohs. The individuals involved may be counted by hundreds-their orimes and offences by thousands; and the first arrests took place as far back as 1860. The Lloyd of Posth gives an outline of tile ease under the title of Prooes Sandor--Sau dor being the name of the chief of the band of malefaetors whose depredations and atrocities rendered them the terror of 8zogedin and the surrounding district. Acceording to the Posth journal, ever since 1860 the inhabitants of Szegedin lhad become so terrified in consequence of the daring exploite of Sandor's band of brigrandsthat they looked and barred themsolvds in their houses oevery night at dusklr, and dared not venturo into the streets even during the day without being armed with revolvers and swordsticks. Robberies, incendiary fires, and assassinations were the order of the day; and the malefactors carried their audacity so far as to attack the diligenoes in the open day, and in the very midst of the town itself. For a long time the oriminals escaped, whilst numbers of innocent inhabitants were arrested on suspicion; and it was under those oiroumstances that fM. de Raday was sent as a royal commissioner to Szegedin, charged with full powers, and having at his disposition the forces and theo resources necessary to put an end to a state of things so deplorable and alarming. 1s. de Raday soon became convinced that not only Szcegedin, but the whole comnitac and the surrounding distriots were infoeted by formidablo companies of brigands, whose organization weas completo and their oircle of action clearly defined. When one of these companies was not sufficiently nimerous to carry out a daring enterprise, assistance was lent by the other companies. Two of these bands of brigands leagued together, not long ago succeedod in entering the collars of a bank, and in carrying the inimense safe into the street; they failed, hdwever, in getting it into the cart which they hid brought for the purpose, and found thebmselves compelled to abandon their valuable booty. The safe was found intact at the door of the bank on the following morning; and the operation had boon cariied on without anyone's attention having boon called to it, or without anyone daring to give the alarm. Aftero aroful and minute inquiries, the royal commissioner found to his amazement, that a number of adminie trative and judicial functionaries weore acnoting as accomplices *of the various bands of brigands-that even the titled notabilities of the district siotd as rooeiveors of the stolen proporty. A number of these companies were soon traolod and sevoeral of the bandits were arrested and given up to justice. It was then found that the polioe agents were in league with the malefactors. At Szcgedin a commissary of police, two judges, four employes of the treasury, and forty.six detectives were arrested as being implicated in the depredations of the bands.: Orimes have been brought to light which were perpetrated thirty years ago,; and an old man of seventy was condemned saeme short time ago for a crime committed whehlinh was forty yeirs'df ago. The novel and 'adouliar psayhologioal system pursued by," the royal commissionor in order to find out the guilty parties amongst the hundreds of individuale arrosted is wortlh rooiding Tiheprisonorers were oompletely insl1ated froni the rest-of the world during thuir conflisbment'; and their eyes ,wro e boind it oder. t pryvent any oonversatior' by asigns neuuidly resorted to by nacomplished thieves. ; Companies in oaptivity, totally unlknaown to thom, weore placed in tlheo'samoe colls, whosoon ictsinuated hliomselves into iho confdonco obf the prisoners, studied their characters, made themselves acquainted with: their secorots, and used all their efforts to:bring about a full confession. With regard;to Sandor, the royal cominmissioner himself suocceoded in ogetting a full and complete avowal of his crimes by adopting taotics of a most ingoenions kind. Knowing the great brigand chief to obe excooeedingly vain of Ilis roputation, and to be in the habit of loolking down upon his lees daring accompliccoe as moro purloiners of olhickons, Mi, do Radasy orderoed Sandor to fall upon his kn'oos before his follow-prisonors -the small fry of the band-whoso instruc tions wore to reproach their chief with being a chicken stealer like thomseolves. Thie ruse was perfeootly sucossful, the proud Sandor's honour was mortally wounded, and the brigand Iking (as he loved to style himself) immediately entered into a full confession of his long series of crimes, as well as those of his accomplices. The expedient resorted to by the royal commissioner in the case of another famous brigand named Jean Bajdor, was tlhie--Bajdor is known to be exceedingly superstitious; he is charged with having committed two murders, and insists upon asserting his innocence. One evening the examining magistrate had Bajdor brought into his cabinet, and immediately addressed him as follows :--"Jean Bajdor, I cannot sleep on your account; tile ghost of Peter Bodri, whom you assassinated, appears before me every night, and threatens to haunt and torment me until such time as I shall have put the rope with which you strangled your victim round your own neck!" On saying this the examining magistrate throw a rope round Bsjdor's neck and ordered him to be taken back to prison. at midnighlt Jean Bajdor, who had slept soundly, notwithstanding his fifty-nine crimeos, jumped up affrighted, and rushed toward the door of the prison, crying for help. This was the moment the examining magistrate had anxiously awaited; he made his way into the cell when Bajdor con fessed not only to having murdered Bordi and his son, but also to having committed a number of other Ihenious orimes. In con sequence of these disolosures, the two bodies of hIis victims, with ropes still round their neclks, were discovered. Acting on Bjdor's advice, a number of other prisoners have made free confession of the crimes they com mitted; all the malefactors arrested, it must not be forgotten, are Ikept in the utmost ignorance as to the charges which weigh against them. On their first examination they were not questioned as to the perpetra tion of such or such a crime; they were simply asked to give an account of any offonce of which Ihoy might acknowledge themselvesguilty. By this means a number of crimes have been brought to light hitherto totally unsuspecoted. An idea of how desirable a place Szegedin must have been to live in may be formed from the following enumeration of the cases which are now being tried before a specially appointed court. When the royal commissioner first arrived at Szogediu there were 1508 oriminal charges to be hoard; ai little later 500 more charges .were made; and when the royal commission had terminated its duties, 950 fresh cases were brought to light- malkirig in all nearly 3000 orimes of the gravest charaoter. Of this total 1000 judgments have already been given, and nearly all these judgments' have been confirmed on appeal. Tho crimes and offences discovered by the royal commissioner amount to 8000. The principal charges are those of murder, robbery, pillage, incendiarism, &o.;, the cases of robbery alone excending 4000. The trial of this unprecedented batch of highwaymen wlhich commenced on the 12th ult., is ilot expooted to terminate before the end of the month. 