SUMMARY OF NEWS. The report of the Commission appointed to enquire into the Hope Valley Reservoir contract (Walker's), recommends that his deposit of £1,200 be returned him, and that he be paid a further sum of £3,800, making £5,000 in all. At a meeting held at Victor Harbour on Monday last, the proposal to construct a railway to the Murray from Port Adelaide was con- demned, and the establishment of water com- munication between Port Victor and Goolwa advocated. At the inquest on the body of Captain Withecombe, the murdered master of the Tongay, a verdict of wilful murder was recorded against the men Adam and McLean, and Edgar and Rebbeck were found guilty of being acces- sories to the fact. On Monday evening Mr. Todd, C.M.G., delivered an interesting lecture on "The Overland Telegraph," in aid of the funds of the Stow Church Schoolroom. His Excellency the Governor presided. Messages were sent from the room to and answers received from Port Darwin, Banjoe wangle, Singapore, and Batavia. A meeting of the Port Darwin Company was held at the offices last Monday. The Chair- man (Mr. Krichauff) mentioned that a telegram had been received from the manager of the amalgamated claims, which said that "the Port Darwin claims showed good payable stone in many places. Outcrop of quartz upon the hills in abundance, and gold coarse and fine. At the surface the stone will pay handsomely for crushing In large quantities. Very coarse alluvial in the quartz. Nuggets of from one to four dwts. washed out in my presence. Dirt, one dwt. to the dish. Prospects very good.' It was resolved to increase the capital by the issue of 12,000 new shares. The Tasmanian, commenting on the gas grievance of the Melbournites (who complained that they were charged by the combined com- panies 10s. per 1,000 feet, whilst Emerald Hill, one of the suburbs of Melbourne, was supplied by a rival company, at 5s. 10d., and Adelaide, so much further from the coal pits, only paid 7s.), remarks that in Launceston citizens are paying 100 per cent, more than the charge of which the Melbournites complain; 200 per cent, more than they say it would cost if the Council took the gasworks ; and 186 per cent, more than is charged in Adelaide. We might mention for the information of our Tasmanian friends that the charge of 7s. in Adelaide is admittedly a ruinous one to the companies, and that at Kapunda, only fifty miles from Ade- laide, and connected with it by a railway, the charge is 15s. per 1,000 feet. The ship Victoria Tower, which some three years since was wrecked between Bream and Spring Creeks, in Bass's Straits, is still a source of wealth to a small company of specula ors, (sic) who at every favourable opportunity venture in search of treasures, the existence of which has been almost forgotten. Mr. Warburton, who met with such a tragical fate in Fiji, was one of the original purchasers of the wrecked ship, and he and those engaged in the speculation, after clearing a large sum of tnoney by their under- taking, abandoned the vessel, thinking that no more profit was to be made out of her. The chief cause of relinquishing operations was the fact that the remaining part of the cargo was so jammed up that it was found to be next to impossible for the divers to continue their work of salvage. The combined adion of the winds and waves, however, at length removed the principal obstacles, and the task of recovering what remained of the cargo is now a compara- tively easy one. This is apparent from the fact that Mr. Ericson and his four mates have re- covered during the last few weeks over sixty tons of iron, about 400 cast iron waterpipes and elbows, &c.;, and have now come upon a slate quarry, the lower hold being packed with Duchesses and Countesses in thousands. Not the least agreeable of their many strange finds is an occasional case or hogshead of brown stout and startling ale, which taste none the worse from the fact of its not having paid duty. These enterprising men are so well plpeased with the success of their wet sinkings that they intend, be it is said, to commence operations on the Schomberg, which is known to contain some hundreds of cases of rare old crusted port, any quantity of hogsheads of brandy, as well as about 6,000 sovereigns, which have never yet been accounted for.—Leader. Information was received by the police at Eaglehawk on 17th July, that the mangled remains of an infant had been found in a yard at the rear of Messrs. C. and J. Williams's store. It appears that a little boy employed to feed pigs on the premises discovered, near the sty, a child's head and portion of flesh, also a quantity of blood. The discovery was at once reported to the police, who took steps to bring to light the facts connected with the case. The result was the arrest of a young woman named Bridget McCartney, who had been employed as a servant in a house next door, and she was found ill in bed. Circumstances favour the belief that she has lately given birth to a child, and it is thought the remains found are part of it. The young woman is too ill to be removed from the house, but she is under police sur- veillance whilst the matter is being investigated. The following is the evidence given at the inquest at Sandhurst on the 18th July by Dr. Atkinson :—He deposed that he examined the remains of the child viewed by the jury, and found a child's head with a portion of the vertebras attached. It was that of a newly born infant. The vertebra was clear of all flesh and muscle ; the skull was fractured ex- tensively, the face, eyes, and ears, were perfect. The throat was lacerated, as if it had been torn, a portion of the windpipe was also attached in a lacerated condition; could not tell the sex of the child, as no portion of the viscera of the body was to be seen ; was of opinion that deceased was a full grown child; the injuries received would cause death. Could not say whether the child was born alive or dead.— Leader. Few events have sent a more painful thrill through the community than the announcement of the recent disaster at the Heads. The Rip schooner freighted with brave men whose duty it was to face the elements even in their utmost fury, for the protection of life and property, encountered a sea which came crushing upon the vessel like an avalanche, carrying away her mainmast, severely injuring several of the crew, and washing Marr, a seaman, overboard. Marr clung to the mast, but seeing that it was still attached to the vessel by the cordage, motioned to those in the schooner to cut it clear, for their own safety. The brave fellow, who appeared to know his doom, then smiled and nodded an adieu to his comrades, and the next moment another huge wave came thundering upon the ill-fated ship and washed overboard three more of the men—Pilot Mackenzie, Wells the steward, and Preston the cook—and they were seen no more. The further details of this un- happy accident have been by this time so fully discussed from one end of this colony to the other, that it is needless to recapitulate them. The public heart has been deeply touched, and there have been noble subscriptions given to alleviate the sorrow of those who mourn for the brave men perished. Nearly £2,000 has been raised up the present time, and probably, if the churches gave practical expression to the sym- pathy which is felt by all classes or the people, one Sunday's collections will add considerably to the fund for the relief of the survivors.— There have been, fortunately, few accidents re- corded in connection with our pilot service at the Head, and no instance, we may be thankful, had occurred for the use of the lifeboat at Queenscliff for some time prior to this event. The late appalling accident, however, by which four brave men perished, is a catastrophe which may be repeated at any time when the elements are in their fury ; and it is a painful thing to thing that the only boat which is officially re- garded as a life-saving craft is so miserably adapted for sea service that she is known by the appellation of the "Death Punt." Even sup- posing this boat were seaworthy, it is the only craft of the kind at the Heads; and if she were swamped in attempting to rescue the crew of a foundered ship, the men would probably have to drown for Jack of means to save them at the principal port of the colony. After the recent accident at the Heads, the pilot crew are not to be blamed for publicly protesting against the wretchedly inefficient state of the lifeboat service at the Heads. They have doue this through the Mayor of Queenscliff; and at a public meeting there recently, resolutions were passed calling Government attention to the fact that the present lifeboat is useless in cases of emergency ; that an efficient lifeboat service should be established ; that the Cerberus should be stationed at the Heads, ready to render assistance with h er boats in eases of accident or that a second lifeboat should be stationed at Point Lonsdale, ready for launching at a moment's notice when required. It may be hoped that the Government will give force to thsee resolutions without delay.—Leader. Says the Wagga Wagga Express:—"Some young scoundrel, on Thursday night last, about 9 o'clock, attempted a shameful trick with the view of frightening timorous passers-by. He possessed himself of a sheet and a pair of stilts, and, arrayed in the former, be waited behind one of the tree enclosures between Dr. Robin- son's residence and the Public School the ap- proach of some one upon whom to practice the effects of his ghostly raiment. Fortuuately for him these shortly appeared in the persons of two young women. Upon his appearance one screamed, but was sufficiently self-possessed to run. The oither, however, boldly stood her ground, and apostrophised the ghost with so weighty a stone in her hand that he clearly proved his fleshy origin by declining to come too near, as the damsel's system of 'laying' spirits was not to his taste. If the 'ghost' makes a re-appearance, and there be a particu- larly muddy hole in the vicinity, probably some one will see the advisableness of mixing such spirits with a little water. A cold bath, and supple switch to restore the circulation after- wards, are capital conjunctive remedies for such freaks as these, of which the results might be very serious to a timid female." 