OBTRUSIVE EMUS. A Fight ou the Plains.— ' The Fool to '"V the Bescne. Tho emu is beginning to assert a right to hia " native heath" with an amount of force — that proves how much he has been benefitted by civilisation. An instance of tho onergetio " " resistance which the bird attempts to any — farther encroachments of humanity npon Us domain recently occurred on Bullenbong Plains. Mr. RobbinB, tho local Nimrod, of whose prowess in tho field let the spirits of . departed ducks and snipe bear wit- ness, was driving across the plain in question on Friday last, when he came on a flook ef about thirty emus. Tho birds wore a considerable distanco from him when he first' observed them, bnt instead of thoir manifesting any alarm at his approach,- they awoitcd-it quietly, and when within a hun dred yards of him, a portion made a move jri In tbo direction of tho vehicle and its occu pant. With stately and decided steps thoy \- - approached, headed by a very Goliath of an emu— a patriarchal bird who long ' had fed npon the plain, and had grown . anoiont npon tho ground which hia fore. fathers had .trod unmolested, savo by the , . occasional spear of the blaokfellow. Mr. Bobbins, who had never witnessed this Idiosyncraoy npon the part of the birds before, awaited their approach with bo- coming fortitude and a gun. When tho birds got within about eighty yards ho fired, and the leader of the van paid the penalty of bis enriosity with a most undignified somer sault. The shot, however, was not fatal, and the wonnded bird made off, perform ing at intervals acrobatic feats similar to the first. ISr. Robblns then jumped from his seat to follow np tho enemy, . '"and, when within reach of it was ap prised of the fact by a well-directed klok in the stomaoh from the bird. He oollapsed ' at abont fivo yards' distance, whither tho force of tho blow sent him. He"promptly pioked himself up again, and unchained hfs r —- dog, known by tho -expressivo appellation of " The Fool," from tne back, of tho trap. " The Fool" considered himself equal to tho — fbocasionp and;;fcllowed tho foo; - No sooner had he overtaken it, howevor, than a . similar resistanoo fo that experienced by \- - his .master mot him.: Mr. Bobbins at '. this janoture appeared upon the Scene, .. and ;th3;rptbpr emus, seeing" tho ' Toin- fofcemenf', ' blo'sed up to fight for their native soil and wounded companion. Tho latter yielded up the ghost decorously aftor an ap. peal in the Bbape of a second No. 1 cartridge, and the fight waxed warm for some time ; nor was it until four of their whilom oom- ratios strewed the plain that tho flock left it to tho possession of tho foe. Ono of tho birds Mr. Bobbins secured to his trap and skinned that night by his camp fire, but tho othors, owing to their wo.'ght, wuro allowed to remain as memorials ot tho encounter. — IVagga 1 Vagga Express. 