THE CHUECH AND THE WOULD. ? v The open attempts, and, still worse, the secret intrigues of Bismarck to destroy Catholicity are not confined to Germany. He has entered into the strictest alliance with Liberalism. Avowedly, as he has been, and as he is, the foe of free institu tions, he has, nevertheless, managed to orjiin snnh an nsfiprirlrtrinv nvflv t.lift ftnt,i«» atheistic revolutionary element all the world over that he now rules it at will.. Victor Emmanuel ia his puppet. The leaders of the ' incorruptible^;,' who pant for the destruction of Royalty in Italy, are in his pay. That ' pure patriot,' Mazzinij. died his pensioner. Master of a situation which, as he thinks, lays the world at his feet, filled with the spoils of France, and backed by the millions of men which Moltke may at a moment's notice cast into the heart of any country in Europe, he has but one power to fear. It is a power impossible to corrupt, difficult to suppress, hard for a. mere statesman, and especially for an. infidel statesman, to understand; but withal it ia a power which men such as Bismarck have ever essayed to paralyze or destroy, — it is the Catholic Church. Wer© it a mere human institution, guided andU organized by whatever amount of human genius, nothing could save it at the present moment from falling before the subtle and overwhelming power brought to bear against it by its able enemy — nothing could, upon its fall, prevent Prussia from, becoming an empire such as the world has never seen before. It is impossible not to see that the cabinet of William has designs, well and carefully laid, upon Italy. Bismarck,, at the opportune moment, has but to loose the ' Beds' upon Koyalty, then interfere to protect 'his ally,' put the 'ally,'9 after crushing the nation, on the footing of the ' royal houses' of North Germany; and, in everything but name, make Italy a German province ' in the interests of order.' France cannot fight— or at least Germany thinks so; England won't; Russia can be bought with Constantinople and the East : Austria, ' liberalized,'^ w nowhere. If successful, the ' squaring of Germany would follow as a matter ot. course, by the ' absorption ' of tiio races ('properly German') of Holland and Switzerland and Austria Proper. Mean while, if either of the Western Powers ahowed inclination to interfere, the German Chancellor is rich in resources, and astute enough to give them plenty to do at home. Such is the idea entertained by many of the first thinkers in Europe, best placed to understand the ulterior views of Prus sia. The one obstacle, well seen by Bismarck, is . the danger of Catholics | everywhere — in and out of Germany — ..nifinn fr.r» TVTAVAnf'. if', Ono r»f t\\\a *\Mn/-i. ! pal reasons why the commission appointed wnder his inspiration to report upon such religious orders as might be considered *« affiliated,' or identical in aim with the Jesuits, so that these too may be treated as the Jesuits were treated, was, that they had a central government and an organ feed united action. The principle of Ofttbolic unity is what he aims to destroy, and his means for that end aie — 1\. To banish the recently-founded and fervent religious orders, — not only the Jesuits, but the Vincentians, the Redemp torists, the Sacred Heart, and the Congre gation of the Holy Ghost. 2\. To plae* all the obstacles possible in the way of episcopal action, to take from them the power to rule their priesthood, aad to encourage the Old Catholic or New Protestant priests to defy them. 3\. To cause the laity to rebel against ffeeir legitimate pastors, and in the event «i the laity not doing so — that is, by not taking advantage of recent ' liberal ' legislation — to acknowledge any section of bad Catholics, no matter how few, to gome forward and take the whole manage ment of Church affairs — the election of the pastors, the receipt of all legal Church revenues, the possession of churches, pres fcyteries, cemeteries, and lands. 4\. The rigid exclusion of Catholic teach ing from Catholic schools, and the gradual ittfiltering of hatred and contempt of Catholicity into the minds of Catholic children. 5\. The control of ecclesiastical education by the State, and the appointment of pro fessors for the training of the future priest hood after the fashion of Dollinger and the Old Catholics. 6\. The gradual ianding over of all ©ontrol of the Catholic Church of Germany to these men, and then their complete sub jeetion to the State. Now, this programme is not only carried out in Germany, but outside Germany ; it ia clearly attempted wherever the direct influence or the secret intrigues of Bismarck extend. We do not pretend to state that he1 commenced that work or originated that peculiar kind of persecution which bears his name. The atheistic Liberals, the JUVeenaasone, the Carbonari, and the Com mune were in th« field before him. We assert that his intrigues have commenced fihe persecutions which now rage with uncommon violence in Switzerland, Italy, Austria, and Spain, against the old established religion of the Catholic por tions of these countries, and that such per secutions bear the distinctive plan of its Biamarckian origin, and everywhere appeals to his example. Those who are atupid enough to permit themselves to be duped by his plans, or wicked enough to admire them, only lay the foundation of Crerrnan rule upon the necks of their fellow-countrymen. This ia specially illustrated by the per secution which has assailed the Church in three of the five cantons which form the «liooese of Bale, m Switzerland. The waintly Bishop has been obliged by armed force to fly from Solnre, his episcopal city. lie clergy of Jnra and of Solure have been ^posed to a persecution worse than even **t with which the Calvinistic Geneva Yr?& the illustrious Mgr. Mermillod and ™w\e voted priests. The worst feature is tnatfche persecution ot' Mgr. Lachab l °^ ®tt^J) ^o'1*3 from men who call *t»einsvca Catholic An the conduct of these vmf) a special illustration of the action CBiamarck upon the small Catholic populating jje meant) ft) absorb, wo shall *Kturn toya interesting subject. 