MR QEORGB HIGIKBOTHAM bas a way of aising mighty monsteis—monsters that look terrible. Tba air, wheu he speaks, seams big with great events. There is a vary good atory in the Arabian Nights. Mr Higiobotham is like one ef the fishermen in that etory. A party of fishermen went down to a sea or lake, it does not matter which, and after casting their net, they hauled op a great copper boiler. That boiler was sealed up with the aeal of Solomon. The fishermen undid the seal, end forthwith a mighty coil of vapour issned from tha aperture, and at las; assumed the form of a giant of gigantic proportions. This monster then went on to r>-ix?e his history, and how ha had been imprisoned in the prison house fer a number of years, and that duriag his geelusion hs had ewan a dreadful oath to tho affeet that ha would slay the firat pirs on or parsons by whom ha was liberated. This leaked terrible; tha giant looked terrible, bnt the fishermen wera aot yet slain ; aad they oensolod thamselvas with the thought, ai Victorians may do, that while than is life there ig hope. One of tha fishermen expressed his firm opinion that tha giant never was in tha vassal, and (herefor* aerar oame out. Tha giant, to prove his words, eaes mars took the form of vapour, aad re-entered the vossal, and the fishermen put (he seal of Solomon on again "in a jiffy." The giant was again bottled up. Now, Mr liiginbotham hag this knack of fishing np spirits from the vasty deep. His monstera emerge from a little aperture (his month) in the form of vapour, and at onoe besom* great giants. They make dreadful threats, hut aomehow or ether they are aeon disposed of, without doing any asisohief. Big as they seem, and mighty as they «eem,—tee big to come from euoh a little place,—by a little persuasion, and a little squeezing, they can always bs got to go back again from whenoe they came. The gist ef Mr fiiginbotham'e complaint on Thursday night, was that certain persons of high position had descended, at eleotion times, to the usual eleotion dodges, for eloctiea purposes. Ho aeeused Sir Charles Adderly end Mr Vernon Haroonrt with having eaid that the mother eountry had been called upon to pay a large Bum of money, owing to the breach of neutrality commitied by the Shenandoah when in Hobson'a Bay, though, as they asserted, the mother country had no control -over our actions. Mr Higinbotham contended that the British Government should hava taken eare to hava contradicted these assertions, as th*y were directly contrary to faot. Sir Charles Darling (Mr Higinbotham elated) reoeived a oepy of the neutrality laws from the Secretary for the Colonies, with minute instructions appended thereto, aad he (Sir Charles DarlingJ acted on these instrnotions on his awn responsibility, only acoepting advice from hie Minis- Mrs ex gratia. It seems to as that Mr. Higinbstham's samplaint agaio.it the Hams Governmentuis^one of Homoepathio proportions. It only proves two thing*, viz., that men in high Volitions in England will etoop Is *lodtieti dodges and misstatements, and that ministers knew thsir nine «o well that they da net aocdssssad in their plaees in Parliament to aontradiet euoh etatemente. Mr Higinbotham doefTiot eay the English Government made tha misstatements; heanlj Doaplain* that they did not contradict them. simply 1 mean* that English ministeri of the Crown and Mr Higinbotham do not agree aa to their respective duties- The fact that the English Government has never cnada anyttomplaint against this colony, wr. demanded ons penny in the shaps of dama gas lódgfr^y.a pan of the Gaaeta award aught to be enongh for this o.lonjr—we are not held respoocible in any way, eilker norally or pecuniarily. 'NE of the moat remarkable phenomena OF the present dar is the extraordinary sigOF of vitality presented by the people of Jsp&B; \'n; iong ago the outer barbarians had to storm their fortreseei in order to seeire permifEion to trade with her people. The Japanese were the most bigoted conservative? of all the tribes of Asia. Bat how great a ehenge has been wrought in their policy. Th»y faavaaint student* to Amarioa, Bngi ftnd,France, Germany, and other countries to learn what they can, eo that it may afterwards be re- •atl*d to their countrymen Thiy prove chemie) res apt and versatile students 1'hey are learning the art of war as practised in Europe; they ars adopting European ships and Buropsaa modes of navigation. No nation was aver before known to make such •ndden and sweeping changes in its habits, mannera, and eustoiai and internal and asternal administration. For a people whose mode «f thought and waya of lifa have batn remarkably free from change, the sadden transmutations ara all tha mara remarkable. The rtigarag Diamoa hag descended frsm a line whose anasstors trues back to the daya of Abrabam. No other living monarsh represents aaeh an ancient house. The aristooraay of Japan hava adopted a polioy that hai no earthly parallel- Rioh and powerful and seenre in tbeir possessions they hare given up the larger part of their revenues for tho gaed of tha State. Suoh a people and euoh a policy are, bsyood donbt, deiliied to play some great part m tha affairs of tha world, 'or such willingness aad euoh aptitude for fer Iearniag, such inherent vitality and dili genee, gach readiness to make a general sacrifiea fo r patriotio purposes, are elements that will enable a nation to 'make progress to greatness that nothing can resist. THAT jeb has besn perpetrated at last. Baron Mueller has been put out of the road in the noil effectual manner. H* is to lie Government Botanist and Lecturer at the University, (hough what he will have to do aB Government Botanist no one can tell. Whatever bis duties may be, h* will ba paid £SOO a-year, and £300 a year for aa amanuensis. Mr HodgkiŁSon wili succeed the Baron si ourator of the Botanical Gardens and Government domain. The Melbourne people will now have two gigantie flower gardens—for which they have been so long devoutly wishing — and botany will be allowed " to slide," if the vulgarism may be used. We shall be ourioas to know how Parliament will regard the eweepieg change that has been made. The autocratic and peremptory manner in which the change has been effected is even more remarkable than the ohange itself. AT the last meeting ef the Eynetonsbire Council the president made wse of an expression more convenient forliis purpose than correct in faot. He apoke of the folly of closing this colony against all new comers. Why euoh an expression should be used, no one will be able to guess. No one, we vencute to eay, has aver proposed to retard or discourage spontaneous and voluntary immigration. No anti-slat* immigratienist has ever bsen foolish enough to think, mnoh less ask for a captation lax on all now comers. The colony hat never basa closed against all cemers(exceptChinese). It hat be*a as open and free to all at the breath of life. Aad no one would wish it otherwise. All the anti-state immigratienists ask, is that all new comer* ahall oome here at their owa cost, and aot at the cost of the state. The working man asks that money ehall aot be taken out of his pocket for aa objeet that can only have one effeat, viz., the lowering of hie owa wages, and the lessening of his obanees te seoure employment. The avowed objeot of those who proposs and support the state immigration policy, is to lower wages and make labour abundant. It is but a falsehood to tell the working fnan he has nothing to fear from the resumption of this privileged fraud upon the poorer olastes. The oiroular issued by the Wyndham Shire Council, asking ether bodies to oe-aperate ia an endeavonr to eeoure a resumption of state assisted immigration makes two distinct statements, as we pointed out the other day. It says that labour is ssaroe, and wages are ruinously high, and it suggests as a remedy— assisted immigration by tbe state. Let those who now have the pick and choice of offers of employment, let those who are now earn- ing wages "ruinous" to tbeir employers make no mistake about this matter. The class in whose behalf the Wyndhamshire Couneil speaks distinctly eay that the present rates of wages are " ruinous," and that labor of all kinds is hard to secure. They regard the best euro for the complaint under which they now suffer—"State immigration." It is for those who have akill or labour to sell te eay whether they find employment so abnndant, at ruinous rates of payment, that they oan afford to be taxed, as proposed, with the expressed objeot of making labour as abandant as employers think it should be, and rcduoing wagos to rates they do not regard as *' ruinous." The President of the Kynetonshire Conaoil says the *' working men have nothing to fear,''— no,-not if they oppose State immigration to tha utmost. We have nted the term "working man." By that wa mean the man who depende on his own unaided, induitry from week to weak for the means ef a living, the man who has little er no invested capital, the man whose labour is hie all, and whe cannot afford to bś robbed «f ia day or an hoar, and jjhose a very shilling is an important part-«f I all he possesses. . All persons of this class— all these who have net capital or ether means •f living, o*ast b* afi**l*d and injured by State immigration, more :ęrr lesi, for now thay.ąre śnąpped .up as e'eon' as they are out •f employment, .and tksy are paid'wages thaj: rein their amployers. . jAuistai immigration ie te puM'thii, bnt «f course " the working man have iisthing to fear." " It is well worth remarking, toe, the different modes of treating questions affeo:ing, working ^nen. Not long ago a proposal was made in the Kynetorohire Council to protect the working men against their employers by legalising, asfar as tha Coaneil was conoerned in ita contracts, the eight hoars' syatem. The Cptmoil fairly sn**r«d at the proposal. The fVesideist eaid the workiag mau needed nojsneh Iprotsetien. as its was maeterjof th» situation. Gf-oonnie tbe action of tha |Coun. ail in that matter was quite ia keeping with ts last aotion, viz., that of approving, by a majority, of the proposal made by the SbiM if Wyndham. But it is to be hoped that before any action is taken to ears tbe downtrodden and ruined employers f'otn the ty- -aany ef tbeir employes the whole subject »ill be fairly put before tho country, and fainy diseusssd. Let us have a fair battle in this queition if it is to ba ro- opened. The isit general eleotion will afford a fair opportunity if tbe advooates of the State system ire in earnest and really auxioui for another re-hearing of the ease. If there is no double foaling we have no doubt as to the result. The votes of a few oouncils by mere and bare majorities must aot be taken for an expression of the public will and opinion. If the mbject is fairly put to th« oountry this impudent ghost, raised by old women's stori.s in the Argus, will be for ever laid. • The secretary of tbe Kyneton Ho»pital desires as ts correct an error which appears in tbe list of contributions for May, published in our last issue. The Rev M 0 Gough, presented one guinea, instead of one shilling, to tha funde of the institution. .. „ At the last msstlng of tba Uetealfe Couneil, no less than eleven applleatlens were received from geatlemm willing te undertake tho combined offisoi of secretary, engineer, and treasurer. Amonget this number there was net one who had received the required certificate under tbe Shires'Statute, and as the present secretary has discharged his manifsld duties well, and also expected to receive a certificate shortly, the Council unanimously re-appointed him for a term of three months. A remarkable surrender occurred at the Kyaetoa pslice station yesterday. A man, B G Bower, ia a very perplexed state ef mind went te the eergeaet of police, and asked hit friendly advice. He was plaeed la very difficult sireumstaucss. Ho had passed no fewer than four valueless cheques, be said. He had passed oae eheque for L2 on Mr Tayler, publieaa, of Eyseten, another for L3 on Mrs Johnson, Corner Hotel, Caitlemaine; another en Mr Barry, of the Spanish Hotel, Melbourne; and the feurth atM'Neil's Seven Stars, SWinston Street. He had committed all these rasb acts while tinder the influence of drink, and what was he to do? Sergeant Mansoa thought the best thing he could do was to be taken into custody, and he at onoe gave himself up without more ado. The man had evidently been drinking very hard. In cricketing circles it ie stited that ao English team will visit tbe colony early in tbe coming tea&on.; In view of thU visit, ths various onuntry clubs ara busily engaged raising fuede for tbe improvement of tfteir several grounde, and otherwise preparing for what promises to be one of the best seasons in the annals of colonial cricket. What part Kyneton will take is extremely uncertain. Barkly Square is etill a desolate wilderness, and with a view to farther beautifying this ground, several leads of stones are obeing deposited thereon, preparatory to a eammencement of " diamoud- orackiag" operations. The annual ploughing match ia conneation with the Kyneton Agricultural Ssciety is to come off on Wednesday, June 25. The grennd has not yet been chosen, but eeveral very eligible sites have been offered tn the committee. A very liberal prizu list has been prepared. It is at follows:—cia«s A, £10, £6, and £-2 10s (open to all); class B, L6, L4, and L2 (open to all who have not taken a firat prize in class A) ; class C, Li, L3, L3, and Ll ( ipen to all \tho have never taken a prize); class D, boys, L3, L2, Ll, and 10s. Two competitors or no first prize in all the above classes. Class E, doable farrow ploughs, L4 and L2. Gold medal open to the field Oae or two societies appear te have mistaken the tenor of a circular forwardad to them by the Kyneton Agricultural Society. They appear to have taken the impression that this society desired te include aweet briar and furze amongst tha weed*, this eosiety having asked for general •o-operation in an endeavour to secure lefislatloa for the more effectual eradication of thistles. AU that this society was anxious for was that furzs and swest briar, when n**d as liv* fences, should be kept within proper limits by the exereiae of oare and attention, as they spread very rapidly. One of the best lithograph* ever produced In the eolony has just been turned out ef the " Tewa and Country" offic* and is te be presented gratis to the readers of that journal. The etching represents a eeene in Bullarook Forest, near Baliau, known as "Setter's Spring*." Why the ee*n* was sele*t*d as the objeet of the artist's pencil we know not, fot many mere beautiful, could bs picked out. But as a pencil aketeh the picture could hardly be improved npon. We have beea requestsd to state that three of the flags used ia the decoratioas of the Presbyterian Bazaar have bsen unclaimed. The owners will receive them en application to Mr M'Alpia, the ehurah officer. Had the parlies who kindly lent them bean known they would have received them ere this. The board appointed to inquire lato the ; charges made sfiinl Lieut. Johnson and Sub-lieut. Blem, of the Naval Reserve, fer miecondueting themselves while on dnty at Brighton on Easter Monday, have ssnt in tbeir report to the hon. the Treasurer. The board cunsiated ef Mr Sturt, P.M., Sir Frauds Murphy, and Lieut. Turner, and they have found both the officers guilty of all the charges brought against them. Their s*ntanee (says the Age) is that Lieut. Johnson shall be dismissed the service and be fined L20, and that Sub-iieut Blom shall be dismissed the gerviee. The recammendations of the board will ba endursed by toe Goveraor-iu-Cauocil at the next meeting of the Executive. An important matter (say* the Bendigo Independent) was brought before the notice of tbe mining board en Wednesday by Mr Clark, having reference to the amalgamating ef mining claims or leases. Ths Mining Titles Bill at present ia very vague upon this point, and a great deal of expensive litigation may arise out of it units* some amendment be made in tbe bill. A number of the large leases of mining companies in Sandhurst were originally held in small claims, but as work could not be profitably carried on by tbe elaimholdera separately they amalgamated. But lately some disputes have arisen as to whether the bill went far enough to allow this amalgamation to take plaee ; and with a view of meeting this difficulty, Mr Clark moved that the Attorney- General shoald be requested to add another clause te the Mining Titles Bill, giving holders of miners' rights claims or leaseholders the right of amalgamating their olaims or leases, euoh amalgamation net to exceed SO acres in extent. The motion wae agreed to. Opinion appears to be divided as to which is the .greatestpest—Insects er insectivorous birds. One of the agricultural societies has asked the Kyneton Agricultural Society to co-operate in aa «adeav..r ta jsecaro an amendment of th* game lawsao. as to proteot mere effectually ^"the insect destroying birds., Mr Windridge epeke iof th* arran as vary noefal,'while Mr W. Thorneen extolleJ' tke magpie aa sit «t the most netful bird*, {tth.r ^nsmbsrs of ths Kyostea Agricultural 'Committee expressed their .admiration for She English aparrews. Bat Mr Rogers and' ttr K.nn.iy ware .qatt* «f a different frame of mind. • Mr .Sogers said he would not support a course of action 'which would result in preventing him shooting birds when they became is nuisance, as they very often did tlr Kenney naid that If all the insect destroying turds were te. be entirely protected it would be ita well to give the gardena entirsly up te them. Ths trafiu retora* ot the Victorian railways fei the week ending 29kh May give the following- figures Receipt^ for rthe ;waek, £12,663 &s; "4i; akgregate' to" date from 1st July, 464M3* 3d, and weekly average for 48 ween, £13,4834i 3d. Tor corresponding week 1873 1872 the figures were-W-ek's "celptf !BW»7 ISS 8d; aggregate. £582,309 18<; ANO iveekly average, £12,235 12t 5d. A suit of more than usual interest, because of the magnitude of the damage claimed, SD<1 because the litigant's are so well commenced in the Supremo Court on Ti'U.s^y Iłr W Degraves, the miller, fquatter and W cpit.iist, 13'i .liS'lBl, seeks eei-iLB L30.000 u damage, ". ? rr from : Mr n.ib J 1 ii'ilollen, ta* inspector of th» Union Bank because it is alleged tbe latter ha» not earned jut an agreement. For the plaintiff it is stated that in 1867 be and the defendant purchased tbe St Ann's and Dotswood stations, Qaeeusland, for L16.800, but it was agreed tnat \1'Mullen's share in the purchase should be concealed from the bank authorities, ^ by his agreement with th*m he was forbidden toxoid station propeity. Afterwards M'Mullen wished to withdraw from the joint proprietorship, and Degraves consented on condition, as he alleges, that the bank over which M'Mullen was inspector should discount his trade and station bills at 7 per cent. That was not done, and Degraves wa* forced to sell the stations at a sacrifice of L11.000. This arrangement is denied by the defendant, and the cast turns npon that issue, , » Oa Tuesday evening next the Oddfellows of Woodend celebrate their anniversary by a ball at Coep'e Asssmbly Rooms, ffoedend has always eiijoyed a high prestige for this class of amusement, and, judging from tha names of the gentlemen who act as stewarde, the forthcoming ball will be aa successfully carried out as any heretofore. On the following evening (Wednesday) the annnal farmers' ball at Halmsbury some* off in the Town Hall- The tickets hava been well taken np, and a large and select attendance is expeeted. Yf have received the following circular. It speaks for itself:—" Australian Clubs —' Vereln Australia' Hamburg, established 1869—The objects of thisaeeiety are: 1. Friendly rsgalar meetiegs aad social intereovse of members. 2\. To afford sueh German eoloniets as find themselves comparative strangers on their return after a long absence an opportunity of meeting former colonists, from whom to get advie*, and to assist with their advice those who intend te go to the oolonies. 3. To repressnt Australian interests in Fatherland whenever there is occasion. 4. To assist persons in obtaining information about missing Iriesds ia Australia, for which purpose a running correspondence is kept up with tbe leading German societies in the colooies, and lists of their members are filed—Extracted from the society's rales. The President and Committee ef above society, ' Verein Australia,' whioh has at present forty members enrolled, have much pleasure in acquainting you with its leading objects, to bring also under your notice that they have decided on establishing a Permanent Exhibition of Natur* 1 and Industrfal Products of Occanica, the formation of wtiich has been most successfully laid by members' contributions, both in specimens and funds. The committee desire to enlist your sympathy and co-operation for their undertaking, which, under tho superintendence of tbeir able hon. member. Mr S&rch;, cannot fail to bs of ths greatest interest and usefulness to the colonies and colonists themselves, in so much as it affords a truthful and permanent representation of their countless resources, in a eountry where Australia, through its owa retieenae, is least known, aud yet where the colonies have every interest to be well representsi. Alrerdy several Australian German societies aad colonial Governments have promised their support. Any contributions, therefore, of objects, the produce of your eolony, or Oceanica in general, by which you would asEist our collection to become as complete as possible, will be thankfully received by tha committee, and duly acknowledge from time to time in the public prints, The committee are also anxious to obtain the cardial support of the press tor thsir undertaking, and would deem it a favour tor ' Verein Australia' to be placed on the press list for a ' Monthly Summary." All communications addressed ' Vereiu Australia, 12, Heineetraser, Hamburg, will be thankfully acknowledged by the hoa. Secretary.—Fer the Committee ef the 4 Vereiu Australia,'—FBEDEBICK BITCE, President; F. -LESBB, Hon Secretary; Hamburg, March, 1873." A atatemest was read In the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday, by the Minister of Education, which showed the number of applications received from non-vested sehoels that wished to become state schools. The figures were as follows:—Chureh ef England, 27; Presbyterian, 19; non-vested old National (Including 5 which were formerly tke property ef teaobers), 7 ; oombined, 7; quasi-vested, 21; Wasleyan, .12 ; Independent, 3. Total, 96. Applications from 26 had been asoepted, and the land purchased or leased by the Minister, viz.—Church of England, 10; Presbyterian, 7; nou-vested, 3 ; qaati-veated, S; Wesleyan, 3; and Independent, 1. The Sketcher for the present month is keeping up its reputation in polot of artistic merit and literasy ability. The illustrations are: " Torchlight profession" ia Melbourne in eenns*tioa with tb afire brigade demonstration ; " Banaers of tha Trades," a portrait of tbe Rev. Thomas Williams, President ef the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Conference ; tha steamer Omeo at ths Roper River Depot; a perspective view of the faSade of the propossd publle offices te be erected ia the Treasury Reserve ; "The Governor's visit to Ballarat—jettings round the city and town," {containing pretty sketches of the monument erected in memory of the heroes ef the Stoekade, the graves of the soldiers, " the corner," No. 2 ehaft, Band Albion eonsols, and portraits of the mayor of the town, and the mayor of the ci;y. There are portraits of the three new members, Messrs Summer, Montgomery, and Smith ; New Town Hall at Sydney, the firs brigade review the trans-continental telegraph —Alice Springs Station- Mr George Laver has again sold the mill he recently purohased, Mr Christian being the purchaser. The monthly Kyneton cattle fair, held oa Thursday, was not largely attended. Pigs were sold atveryiow prices, from 5s and upwards, Cows eold from L4 to L7 10s. One heifer was said for L5. Some lots of sheep were sold privately. The entries were—31 horses, 60 cattle, 19 calves, 167 sheep, and 176 pige. Fees, L6 13s Id. A terribly sudden death occurred oa Tuesday last at Mr George Layer's Mill, East Trentham. A man named Samuel Sims, aged E7, in the employ of Mr Laver, left the mill in apparently good health. His twe eoas were in the dray, a little In advance, Sima following on behind. On the way the deceaeed met a man named Cassidy, and stood for a moment or two to exchange a few words. After a short converse* tien, Cassidy went oa his way towards the mili, and the deceased pursued his own eonrte a few miantes., After , parting with deceased, OaBsidy looked round, and aaw Sims lying en the ground. He ran hack to him, and aaw ..the poor fellow waa dying. 'The ebna were called back,-and tha deesaaed was taken back te the mill, hut before teaching U ha waa quite dead. On Wednesday, Dr Geary, the coroner, held aa inquest en the body of Tlscsassd. Dr -Pe«Vsll~mad* a p<M, mmtem exasainatioB, and pronouncsd theauM •f death te he disease ot the heart. Verdict accordingly. The deeoaaed was buried an Thursday. The funeral wits largely attended by persons from all parts of the distriet, deceaeed being well known and greatly respected. , We have received % pamphlet entitled " An Appeal oa behalf of the Aastralian Aboriginal*." It is from the pen of Jdr Daniel Matthews, of Eehuca. We heartily sympathise with the object of the writer. The tenor of the pamphlet aud ita aim Buy be gathered from the following extract:—" There are many hundreds of blacks still scattered through the Unnay districts of New South Wales and Victoria, and ameag all their tribes ars to be (found children of mere «r leu Intelligence, rilling to learn, and capableTfTIiT^^"^- 1 here are also numbers of y0n romec, who are e&ceedinelv; mlf ,° !t >nd themselves of the prote^n^ 7 y J 0! laatemplated by us. Manv of Tho ^ rncti °« •.xposod to most corrupt vice's, and r a " -ises have become " n :Sra '» a u white men." The object is fr!®- 5 .*tto.ai .^ or the protection of the b'acb. stst '»a Apprehensions (r.iys the W ,, the liro at Boston, news nl thT,, ^'' te'^'raphed Within the Ut fev ą, tas beta pr..v^ to be nearly as o'is^trou, a, A' W " D| J eoj.fligration of 9:h November lVj ^ telegrams to hand dissipate suchW T k» loss is estimated at only 1,250 000 d„ii insurance losses of the previous dollar*. " reckoned at 4S.000.000 dollars. 6 ®ere The Telegraph saya : — *' yr 11: . considers the mail terminus question'' thl ® and paltry quarrel between the ahiDel, 1 petl f Melbourne and the shipchsodlera of S e " 0 ' According to the hon. member', riL l^-' nothing 'practical' about this i.,,7 er< The definition was very warmly reoeiv^i' a,i - Opposition benches." Of oou", bnt ' knows this. But people in this cólcT'7 0os see the foree of Victoria payine the ii„ • do »«l and doing the lion', work, withonttV pay. Iion'a Wa have received a lirsalet f.„„ ,, traliaa Widow.' Fund U f T ^ Z X ^ It very clearly demonstrates that it. . u' 1 "*, fees though low are not low beyond „.^ 'l and that its mode of business is ba.f. " 11 " 1 . aad sound data. The society fesl *,,!.^ ' Cr ' to make the statement assom.do.ht t ? Pu recently cast upon the table ef r»u, 11,9811 From the tenor of a telegram wM-i, ia the Age it aeeme that th* North.™ T P ' e,,,J gold6.ld. have yowerful attraction " ^'H' 7 labor Is highly valaed there. Ths' 4 ti " the barque Ceoreng and ths .choo.^T ? have deserted, aad left the ves.,1, ^ erew to work them, aad ths absorption "? ts ao great that the captains of ths Oaa,. Leelia cannot obtain men. 8rM « "1 We have been favored by Mr PrehM. ., maker, with the following' May 31 June I — 2 — 3 — 4 — 5 — fl Rain on 28th, 0.4 0; on June 2ed 0.5.4. BAB. 9 a.m. 28-i T»SB.lp.B •• to 28-j 28-* " 7, : 6 6 28' 2 ». 55 2S-H ... 5 2 28 " 9 2 - 58 on JU,:E 1ST O.O«. AILJ 