TALES km SKETCHES. TAKEN AT THE FLOOD. A NEW NOVEL. »r THE AUTHOR OP " LADY AUDREY'S SECRET." CHAPTER XIV.— THE WRECK OF A LIFE. Tho woman entered with u nervous, furtive air, as if she were not quite sure whether that dimly lighted parlor might not be in somewise a trap, - which might close upon her to her un doing. She looked around the room curiously,— wonderingly— and from the room sho looked at at the schoolmaster. " Yes," he said, answering the look. "It's a change, isn't it? Nothing splondid here— no- thing to swell a woman's vanity or feed her pride." " Tho place looks very poor," replied the woman, falteringly, " but I've loug been used to poverty." Then with a little gubh of feeling she looked straight in his face and said, " haven't you one kind word for me, Carford, after all these years?" " Drop that narno, if you please," he said angrily. "Here I'm known as James L'arew. You could only have tracked me here by that name." , " Don't Bay tracked yomhere, James. I should nevor have troubled you if there'd been any other creature upon this earth to whom I could appeal in my distress." "What, have you UEcd tliem all up— worn them all out — all the fops and flatterers who used to swear by the pretty Mrs. Carford "I want so little, James," pleaded the woman, not replying to this sneer. " I expect so little." " I'm glad of that," cried Mr. Carcw, " tbiB is no place to foster large expectations. "Why, woman, do you require to I>e told that the ut most I have been able to do iu all these years him been to find bread for myself and my child ? Do you want words to tell you that, when you see me here ?" Ho surveyed the room with ineffable contempt ; the woman watching him all tiio while with hollow haggard eyes, and tremulous lips. ''This room is a palace. James," she said presently, " compared with the holes that I have occupied." Sho seated herself with a shrinking air, as if doubtful whether tho privilege of sitting in that room might not be denied her — seated herself where the light of the ene candle shone full upon her wnu face. It was a face that had once been beautiful, that was seen at a glance. Those largo hazel ejos, seeming larger for the hollowness of the chocks, haggard as they were, had not lost all their lustre. The delicate features neither years nor sor row had changed ; yet on all the face thcro was a stamp of ruin, a decay beyond hopo of restora tion. Never agaiti could bloom or freshness brighten that image of departed beauty. Like a ghost appeared this woman to the eyes that had seen her in her prime. The schoolmaster con templated her for a little while thoughtfully, then turned away with a sigh. Such decay is sadder than death. Yes, sho had been pretty ; and hor face bore a painful likeness to another face, now in its flower of loveliuess. Those eyes were Sylvia's eyes grown old. Those delicate features had the same modelling. Bnt all the glory of coloring which made Sylvia resemble a picture by Titian tbi8 face had lost. A pale grayness was its pervad ing tint. Tho loose hair that strayed untidily across the deeply lined forehead was of tho saiuo faded neutral huo as the shrunken check. If ever the ghost of beauty walked this earth, this was that sorrowful phantom— a shndo which seamed to say to youth aud loveliness, " Behold how fleeting are your graces ! " A history of woman's decadence might have" been written from this woman's dress. The flimBy gray silk grown, worn at every seam, stained and smeared with tho dirt of years — the wretched rag of a shawl which had once called itself black laoe, bnt was now the color of the grass in Hyde l'ark after a hot summer — the bonnet, a thing compounded of scraps from a rr.il! ner's rag bag — the gloves, last sacrifice to civiluntioii, shrunk with exposure to bad weather till they could scarcely cover even those wasted hands. Geutcel penury hod reached its ultimate limit." " flow did you find me ? " asked Mr. Carew, after u pause, during which the woman had watched his face closely, Irving to read hope thcro. " Mr. Miles, tho cashier, met 'me in Holborn one day, and seeing mo so poor asked me why I did not apply to you. He had seen you in the church horo one day when he had come down for a week's fishing in this neighborhood, and he re membered you. He told mo that you seemed comfortably off, and might help me a little. This happoned quite three years ago. I did not want to come to you, James. I knew I had no right. I waited till starvation drovo mo here." "Starvation," cried the Schoolmaster, "If you had enough money to pay your journey down here, you must have been a long way off starva tion." " A few shillings did that. I came by a cheap oxcursion train to Monkhampton. I borrowed half-a-sovcreign from my landlady — a good soul, who has.bceu very patient with me." " Your friend would havo dono better to keep her money. I have not ten shillings to give you. Good heavens ! is there no corner of the earth remote enough to shelter a man from the eyo of the world ? To think that fellow Miles should spy mc out even here ! " "Ho spoke quite kindly of you," James." "Curso his impertinence! What right had he to mention my name? To you of all pcoplo ! " " Oh, I know I had no right to cowo to you," said the woman, with abject hamilily. "There is no pity, no forgiveness — at least, nono on earth — for a wifo (that has onco wronged her hus band." " Once wronged ! " cried James Carew, with intensest bitterness. "Onco wronged? why, vour life was ono long series of wrong against me. If it had been but your falsehood as a wife — well, there are men whose philosophy is tough enough to stretch to forgiveness ! I don't say I am ono of those. But it is just quite possible that, had your one crime been, your flight with that scoundrel, time might havo taught me to think less hardly of yon." Worms are said to turn whon trodden on. A curious sparkle glittered in Mrs. Carfonl's wan eycB ; her lip curled with irrepressible scorn. " My crime served as a set-off against yours, James," she said quietly. " But for that yon might have stood in a felon's dock." " But for that ! Mr. Mowbray could not afford to prosecute the husband of tho woman he se duced, for tho error of which her extravagance was the chief cause." " My extravagpneo ! Oh, .Tames, don't ho too hard upon me. Who was it most loved showand splendor, and prided himsolf on bis hospitality, and was never satisfied unless life was all plea sure ? Who was it that belonged to half-a-dozen clubs, where one might have sufficed him ? Who attended every xnee meeting, and won and lost money so fast that his bewildered braiu lost count of gains :nd losses ? My extravagance in deed ! What vraa a dressmaker's bill against settling day at Tattorsnll's, or the prico of an occasional box a I the opera against a run of ill- luck at Crockfoid's? And, how was I to know that we wcro li ling beyond our income when I saw you spare , nothing to gratify your own fancies. I know you wore only a salaried mana ger in that great house, but I know your salary was a large one. and that you occupied a position of influence which your father had held hcfoic you. What was I but a school-girl when you married me; a ad what experience had I to guide me? Do you think I should have bcon reckless if you had told mo the truth ; if you had only been frank aud confessed that wc wcro on tho brink of ruin? that yon had falsified the accounts of the house, and lived in hourly fear of discovery." "Confess to yoH ! " cried the husband, scorn fully ; " confer to a doll that only lived to bo dressed and made pretty. Where was I to look for a heart under all your finery ? No, I pre ferred trusting to tho chapter of accidents rather than to such a wife as you. I thought I might tido over my difficulties. Tho deficiency was large, but ono great stroke of luck on the turf might have enabled mo to make things square. I went on hoping in the faco of ruin, till one day T wont to my ofiico to find a strange accountant going through my books ; and came back to my honse a few hours later to discover that my wife had eloped witii my employor." "That guilty act saved you from a convict's cell," said the woman. ' At tho prioe of my dishonor," answered the schoolmaster. " The same night brought me a lottcr from my betrayer — the h onord g uest at my hoard — the innocent victim of my fraud, as I bud believed him— informing me that my defalcations had been . long suspected, and had now been proved with mathematical exactness by an ex amination of tho books. The letter, curt, and without signature, informed me further that th0 houso would spare mo tho disgrace of a prosecu. tion on condition that I withdrew myself from tho commercial world, and refrained from any future attempt to obtain credit or employment in tho city of London. Of the wife he had stolen from mo tho villain who penned the letter said nothing." Thcro was a pause — James Carew stopped, ex hausted by passion, which was not the less intense because he hold it well in check. "What was I to do? Submit tamely to my dishonor, or follow tho scoundrel who had stolen my wife? If I followed him, if I asserted an in jured husband's right of satisfaction, he would bring my defalcations against me. I had sigued his name to bills for my own advantage. Hie could denounce me as a forger. I had kept back moneys that ought to have come to him. Ho could charge mc with theft. Vain to say that I meant to redecem the bills— that I hoped to re place the money. The thing was done." He paused again, breathless, and wiped the drops from bis forehead. The very memory of those days revived the old passion. "I dreaded the felon's fate. But I was a man and not a worm. So 1 followed you anil your seducer — found you, after a long hunt, at Lucerne. How could such guilty souls face tho sublimity of nature ? Mowbray bebaved a shade better than I could havo hoped. Wo fought, and I wounded him, and left liiu in the arms of Ids valet in & little wood not fivo hundred yards fitm I the hotel where 1 found yon both. Leaine back to England, wandered , about aimlessly for a little while ; carrying Sylvia with me, always nxguctipg to he attested; and finally cams down here penniless. I found tho post of village schoolmaster vacant ; applied for it, and after a little delay obtained it, with no bettor recom mendation than a bearing which my patrons wero pleased to think that of a gentleman. That is tho sum of my history. Yours, I doubt not, can boast more variety." "Only tho varieties of sorrow and remorse, James," answered tho wife, with a heart- broken sigh. " I was not so guilty ; so lost to shame as you deem mo. Tho burden of my sin weighed heavy upon me. I pined for my child. I felt the sharp sting of dishonor. Grief made me a dull companion ; and tho day camo when I saw weariness in the face that had once known only smiles for me. I felt then that the end was near. My sacrifice had won happiness neither for my" solf nor the man who still professed to lovo me. Wo wandered about tho continent till ho grow tired, and talked of going back to England. I was heart sick of those garish foreign cities, but the thought of returning filled iuc with horror. I should sco pcoplo I had known— pcoplo who knew my story. I told liitn my dread, aud for tho first time be answorod me with a sneer- ' There's not much fear of your friends rocog. nisiim you,' he raid. ' You forget how changed you are.' I looked in my glass a little whilo afterwards, and saw how truly Lc had spoken. My beauty was gone." ' " And seon after this mutual discovery, your lover left you, I suppose," said Mr. Carow. " No, that last shamo was spared mc. I left him. I felt that the chain dragged heavily, and conscience, which only the thought of hi3 affec tion could stifle, awoke with all its terrors. I conld hardly have found courage to tell my wretched story to a pastor of my own faith, but tbero was a good old priest who sang mass at a little chapel in tho Tyrol, where he had wan dered, an old man whoso faco promised pity. I went to him, andtold'him all. He bade mc eon. aider that if I wished to reconcile myself to offen ded heaven, my first act must ho to leave the path of sin. I told "tiui that I was penniless, but that I thought if I could get to one of tho great cities of Gormnuy I might obtain employ ment as a governess, or travelling companion : in short some situation where a knowledge of Ian. gorges would bo valuable. The good ohl mau lent mc a few pounds, enough to lake me to Lcipsic, and support mo tbore whilo I looked about me. Just at first fortune seemed to favor my efforts, aud I thought heaven was reconciled with me. I obtained a situation in a school, to teach Euglish, French, and Italian. The pittance was email, but my chief need was shelter. Out of that pittance I contrived to repay the good priest's loan, and clothe myself decently. All went well with 1110 till in nn evil hour, after I had been three years lit the school, and had won the principal's good word by my industry, one of my old friends brought a pupil to the school, a woman who had admixed my lacoand jewels, and shared my opera-box, aud a dozen other plea sures. She saw mc, recognised the wreck of her former acquaintance, and told the principal my Btory— not too gently. I was dismissed that day, aud had to begin tho world again, without a character aud without a friend. I need nofc weary you with the rest of my story. Indeed I havo not strength to tell it. Enough that I havo lived. I have hung on to tho ragged edge of society, been daily governess in poor neighlior- hoods, danced in tho ballet at a theatre on tli« City Road, gone out as a dressmaker's drudge at fiftcenpeuce a day— but though oftou face to face with starvation— I have never applied to Horace Mowbray for help." " I read his marriage in the papers some years ago," said James Carew, " a great marriage, ono that must havo doubled his fortune. I supposo he is a millionaire now ? " "Mr. Miles told mo that ho is very rich,'' answered tho woman, with a sigh. " He seemed to wonder at my rags." "And not to give you credit for your pcui. toncc," said her husband, with his cynical laugh. " This world is not if good place for peuitents.'' " James," said the woman, with u sudden ap peal, " will you givo me something to cat. I am faint with hunger. I havo had nothing but a ponny biscuit all this long day." "Well, I'll give you a meal. You don't ask to sco your daughter— n queer kind of mother." " I don't want her to seo inc," said the woman, shuddoring. "Heaven knows how my heart aches at tho thought of her, but I couldn't face hor in these rags." " Couldn't you ?" exclaimed the schoolmaster ; " then you mustn't stay here. This house is not large onough to keop people apart. It isu't like our snug little box at Kilburn, with its drawing- roorn and boudoir, and smoking-room, and study. If you want something to eat, Sylvia must bring it." " Don't let her know who I am," said the mother, trembling, and turning with a scared look towards tho door! , " She shall know nothing, unless she has been listening all tho time ; which is not impossible.'1 Ho opened the door leading into the kitchen, and called Sylvia. Tfao staircase led out of this room, and at the sound of her father's voice Sylvia catne fluttering down tho stairs. But it was just possible that light footstep might have only a minute before ascended. .There was a pale, unquiet look in the girl's faco, but she said not a word. " There is a half-famished wanderer in there,'1 said her father. " BriDg her whatever you can find for supper." Sylvia opened her little larder, and produced the carcase of a fowl, a scrap or two of bacon, some cold potatoes, and a leaf. She spread a napkiu on a tray, and set out these viands with a neatness which was h&bitunl; to ber— even though her hand Arcin hied a little as they K>r!oriiicd the task. Then with that tray in her hands she went into tho parlor. Tho wanderer looked at her, and she at tho wanderer ; both faces with something awful ia their expression— as flesh and blood may look at a ghost. And indeed cash saw a phantom in tho face of the other. One the spectre of the past— the other the shade of the future. " This is what I was," thought the mother. " This is what I may be," said the daughter. Sylvia set tho tray down before tho woman, looking at hex all the whilo with a haU-ehiuhiog curiosity.- That palo wan countenance, where al co'or seemed effaced by gray spectral shadows, was so terribly like her own. Sho beheld her own lineaments, with all their beauty vanished- " What," sho wondered, "is beauty 60 dependent on color and freshness and yonth that, though the lines remain, all is lost when youth is gone." She remembered Mrs. Standen's handsome middlo-agc. Tho fine face in its matronly repose> the clear bright eyes, and tho ripo bloom of the check. " Care is the destroyer of beauty," sho thought, "and not Time. God keep mo from such a life as my mother's." Sho had heard all. Hor curiosity had been awakened by her father's manner, and she had taken care to make herself acquainted with tho cause of his agitation. Sho had heard overy syl lable, for the doors fitted but loosely in that old houso, and tbo voices had souuded as clearly as if sho had bcon in tho samo room. Horrified, heartsick, sho had heard of her mother's sbamo, her father's dishonor. But though she bad a shuddering compassion for tho weaker sinner, her chief pity was for herself. By these sins she bad been robbed of licr birth-right. Her parents' wrong- doing had condemned her to a youth of obscurest penury. Thoy had started fair on tho road of lifo, and of their own guilty wills had wandered off into bramble-choked by ways, among thorns and briara which wounded her in nocent limbs. They had enjoyed their brief day of pleasure, and plucked tho flowers in tho golden valley of sin ; but for her there had been only the rugged stony steep of atouomont. She had be gun lifo weighted with tho burden of their in iquities. The mother looked at her with a heart-rending gaze. Thoso faded eyca devoured her young beauty ; love's fond yearniDg spoke in ovory look, yet fear kept tho tremulous lips silent. Never had tho sinner so deeply folt her sin. Years of remorse and sorrow weighed as nothing iu this moment. Tbo runaway wife looked at tho child she had deserted and felt her guilt as keenly as if it had been a thing of yesterday. " IIow could I leavo her," she thought. " Vjbat if James was hard and crito), and that other pleaded so tenderly? I had my child. J might have sustained my heart with that com fort. I wight bavo put that sacred shield be tween my weakness and temptation." "You told me you wcro hungry," said Mr. Carow. " You had hotter cat your supper. It's lato already." His wife had not seemed conscious that food had been set before her. She watched Sylvia with eyes that could sco nothing else ; or only the past, which made a phantasmal background to that living picture. Sho stammered an apo logy, and began to cat, slowly at first, and with au absent air, theu ravenously. The bird, dismembered though lie was, having served Mr. Carow for two dinners, was savory. The cold potatoes, the bacon, tbo home-made loaf wcro luxury to ouc to whom plenty had been long unknown. She ate liko ouc who hail known starvation. Vuguo complainings, protestations of penitence, evoked no pity from Mr. Carow ; hut absolute Lunger touched oven his cold heart. In dim half-forgotten years he had loved tbiB woman — with no sclf-saerificing soul-absorbing devotion, liut with just as much love as he wan capablo of feeling— and it moved him to sec her brought so low. Ho opened a cupboard and took out his bottle of claret — vin ordinaire at fifteen ponce a bottle —filled a tumbler, and gavo it to her. It was tbo first direct kindnesB which he-had shown ber, and Bhc looked up at him with a crouching grati tude—like a dog which has beon beaten for wrong-doing, and then restored to his master's favor. "That's kind of you, James," sho murmured, after drinking a littlo of the somewhat crude vintago, " I haven't tasted wino sinco I was in the hospital." "In tho hospital — what for?" I got knocked down by a cab, and my arm was broken. They took mc to the Royal Freo Hospital. I wub thcro six weeks. The happiest timo I ever had— after— I left Germany." " God help you !" cried Mr. Carow, with a groan. " Eat your supper." Sylvia still lingered— fascinated by that spectral face. She had no yearning to fling hor armg around this newly-discovered mother. Sho saw how worn and soiled those rags were, and could hardly Rave brought herself to touch them, for a lovo of oxtornal purity and a loathing of dirt wore innate in Sylvia's mind. No new-fledged affections fluttered her bcait, hut by degrees a shuddering pity crept into that breast. She went to ber father, and whispored in bis car. " Where is— tho person to sloop, Papa?" Tbo question puzzled him. He looked at its unconscious subject doubtfully. Did she mean to plant herself upon liiu. Was this lato arrival a deep laid schemo intended to saddlo him with this woman's maintenance for the rest of his days. If bo gave her, out of mere Christian charity, a shelter to-night, would she rtfuso to depart to-morrow morniog. Sho was bis very wife. No legal process had ever severed her from his table or his home. She could claim shelter and aliment from him if ohc pleased, and it would be hard for him to dispute tho claim, impossible to deny it, without exposure tb&t; would mean ruin. He looked at ber doubtfully. He Bad had ample cruse of complaint against her in those vanished ycara ; but her sins had been vanity and cxtravaganco, not hypocrisy or artifico. Yet she had ended by deceiving him. She had planned hor flight secretly enough, no doubt. He could hardly believe in an unpremeditated elopement ; even in one as reckless as that vain foolish \- woman. And, again, poverty engenders vices not original to tho character; poverty leaches artifice, poverty destroys pride. A1J lofty senti ments are crushed out of being by that grinding wheel. So, at least, argued Jnmc3 Carew. A woman who hud sorvod such a long apprentice ship 'to destitution mnst bo dangerous. Sylvia slolo to the window, lifted the blind to look out. The sky was dark, and the rain fell fast ; noiseless summer rain, soft fertiliser of the beauteous earth. She went back to her father and whispered again. "Let ber have my room, fapa," efcfi said, X sleep cq the tab icrr You can't turn her out on auch a night ; and sho looks ill." ; " Sho can stay, then," answered Mr. Carew. " If sho makes any attempt to settlo herself here I shall know how to meet it," he raid to himself. "I am not a man to be caught in& trap of her setting." So it was arranged that tho wanderer should rest at tho schoolhouse for that one night. Mr. Carew took caro to specify tho extent of hi6 prof fered hospitality. Rest elsewhere in Hcding- ham, savo on tho lcesido of a hay stack, there would havo bcon nono for hor. That virtuous villago had long been wrapped in restful slum bers, aud had a mortal aversion to vagrants. Chapter XV. — "Alas! Our Lirs are Held so Far Apart." Sylvia took tho wanderer upstairs to her own room — a more cottago chamber in tho roof, which sloped like that of a toy Noah's Ark. The far- nituro was of the poorest, but tho girl's vanity had endowed it with a certain graco and pretti. noss. Ono could fancy Grctchcn's chamber be decked with tho same girlish art. Purest white dimity curtains and draped casement and l>ed wero tied bock coqucttishly with knots of greon ribbou. Tho clumsy old walnut wood bureau . had been rubbed with Less wax till it might almost havo served for a mirror. A china vaso of flowers on tho dressing tablo mndo the atmos phere sweet with tho scent of fresh larondor ami spico breathing carnations. Tho bare board e were scrubbed to spotless whiteness, and tho oblong patch of faded carpet beside tiro narrow bed was neatly bordered with a cheap worsted fringe. Tho girl's aspiration for tho beautiful « was visible in every detail. Mrs. Carford surveyed tho room with that mournful doprccating gaze with which she had looked at Sylvia. Sweet shrino of innocent girl hood; how long since she, tho sinner, had entered such a temple. There was n clmrm in this cottage chamber which inado it l'aircr tbnn tho handsomest apartment her varied life had ever shown her, from the luxury of rutin wood and looking-glass in the Kilburn Villa, to tho more tawdry iSpleudor of continentinl hotels. And after the garrets that had sheltered her in later years, how gracious was this humble chamber? True that in shape and sizeit was hardly nuporior to those attics in the purlieus of Ilolbern, or tho outskirts of tho City-road, but its purity, its neatness, its perfumo of ilowera and sweet oonntry air niado it different as Paradise from . Orcus. " What a pretty room " she raid, falteringly. " Pretty J" cried Sylvia scornfully; " it's a miserable little hole, but I try to nrnka it as decent as I can." , ' " Ah, you don't know what London rooms . are." , " No, but I thought London was delightful. I hear every one praiso it." " Then thoy have nevor known what it ia io walk its streets penniless. Those endless - stretches of burning pavement under a July sun » What desert in Africa can be wurso ? Thoro aro . two Londons, Miss Carew— one Hcb to tho west, and is a I'aradiso for tlio rich, the other spreads - cast, north, nnd south, always widening, and is a Place of Torment for the poor." " Good night," said Sylvia, briefly, but not unkindly. Sho could not conquer her shuddor- . ing horror of this woman ; could not own that mass of rags for mother. So sho went down stairs, and left tho wanderer to full on her knees beside tho bed, and buiy her haggArd face in the white coverlet, aud lei and sob over the lavender-scented sheets. " Oh, my daughter, my daughter," she cried, " may thy beauty bear thco fairer fruit than, mhio ban brought to mo. God keep and guard thee from tho snares of this troubled life. God give thee the lowliest lot, if it bo but too humble for temptation." Mrs. Carford was not a student of the human mind, and did know that in soma unquiet souls temptation may bo self-engondered. Tho temptation that was destiuod to attack Sylvia Carcw took no common form, and sprang from the depths of her own subtle mind. Morning oainc, fresh and fair. Thrtishca and blackbirds sang their glad carols to tho rising sun. Chanticleer's kcon voico thrilled from tho farm-yard ; the skylark rose abovo wido fields of ripening corn. And Sylvia was glad of tho morning, for night had brought licr no slmnbor ' Sho had been lying broad awako on tho sofa which made a comfortable bed enough, thinking of that woman upstairs; thinking of her with anguish that gnawod her heart, until sho fancied that no joys of after-days could cvor take tbo taste of this bittor out of her mouth. Hcr mother ! Sho shivered as tbo words shaped themselves, even in the silence of her soul. So' degraded, so guilty, so destitute ,- and yet her mother. Sylvia's mind was not wide enough to sec that in that very destitution, outeomo of long sorrowful years, there lay the sublimity of atonement ; that this mother in her rags ana helplessness was tbo modern type of tbo true Magdalen ; the woman who has washed out her sin in the deep gulf of earthly woe, and can look np to heaven, bumble, but not despairing- Sylvia only comprehended that her mother had fallen. To her the poverty seemed the outward symbol of the fall. Could she ever acknowledge this degraded one oven to her littlo world, above all to Edmund Standcn ? She clasped her hands before her faco, shuddering at the thought. This horror, this depth of humiliation, must be avoided. She did not panse to consider how hard a thing it is for a child to deny its mother— a sin second only to denial of its God. She only thought of bow '.ho revelation of this woman's existence must be pre vented; but bore she felt herself helpless. If Mm. Carford were to go out into Hedingluun this very day, and toll her miserable story, who waa to gainsay her — who was to deny hor claim. " If I were only rich," thought Sylvia, with a bitter sigh, " I would give ber money, and she might go away and livo peacefully somewhere, and never trouble us any more. But I am help less and penniless, and shall be penniless all my life, I suppose." She recalled Edmund Standen's hopeful talk about their future ; and her keen intellect,' thai; cat d ia necessity's etcra schwlj pertrd how airy was the foundation on which he based tho pillars of his palaces. Claude Mclnotte, painting that fancied homo besides tho Italian lake, was a conscious impostor. Poor Edmund, when ho glibly sot forth the charms of domestic life upon an unknown income, only imposed npon himself. Yet tho suburban villa ho described had- hardly a surer foundation than Claude's marble roof.' " Shall I over sink as low as that ?" wondered Sylvia— th at being the dismal figure on which she had gazed last night. Tho thought that such decay was possible, even for her, filled her soul with melancholy. Sho survoyed her lover's prospects with tho cold eye of common sense. Love sees everything in his own ! roso hue, fair as earth in the warm glow of a summer morning, or sunset's golden haze. Common sense revealed the picture with every line cut sharply against winter's dull gray sky. Seriously, then, what wcro Edmund's pros pects? Without exporicnco of commerce or .finance he hoped to obtain a situation in a bank, and four or five hundred a year, on the strength of his dead father's name. Supposo the situa tion were refused to him— or supposo ho held it a little while, and, beguiled by a seeming pro mise of prosperity, thoy two began life together, until in some ovil hour he lost hiB position at tho bank, through incapacity, ill-health, or sheer ill- luck. Tho prospoct was not enchanting. Nor was there a wide choice of occupation for Mr. Standon. Young as he was ho was almost too old to bogin a learned profession, and to sue- coed in a profession now-a-days a man should have either superlative talent, or powerful friends. Friends Edmund had none, except his mother's grand relations, tho dc Bossineys, who livod in a stony looking mausion in the far west of Cornwall, and were unknown boyond tho nearest post town. IIo was certainly clover ; in the way in which five young men out of ton aro clover. Ho had read a good deal, could talk well, possessed tastes decidedly intellectual ; but of tho genius of a Thurlow, a Blomfield, a Fagot, he had as yet shown tho world no indica tion. 8ylvia turned upon her sleepless couch and sighod, and hated Mrs. Standca a littlo moro vehemently than before. Edmund was made to bo a country gentleman of tbo now school; intel ligent, philanthropic, useful in tho vestry and at quarter sessions, and destined in ripo middle ago to blossom into a moinbor of parliament. This was his vocation ; and missing this, what could he bo but a waif and a stray, a mere weed tossed upon life's troublod|,ocean. And in a fate so un certain, his fellow- weed Sylvia had no wish to bo entangled. " But I lovo him too dearly to givo him up," she said to herself, with another twist of her rcBtless head upon that sloop-refusing pillow. " I nevor, nover could give him up. Yet I al- moNt wish that ho could seo tho folly of our en gagement and give mo up." Last night— before the coming of that fatal stranger— Bhe had considered her father an inexorable tyrant. To-day ho soemed to her only a man of tho world. It was but natural thnt to his worldly eyes tho engagement must sooin foolish— almost to idiotcy. " And how inconsistont Edmund is, poor fol low," she thought. " Only the day before yes terday he wae for having our banns givon out next Sunday, and yesterday he talked as coolly as possible about waiting a year for our mnjriago." Whereby it will bn seen that Miss Carow had taken it upon herself to overhear a conversation which so nearly concerned her own interests. 