BALLARAT FEMALE REFUGE. to qis editor of the cocbier. Slr, — I was astonished to see in Friday $ Courier certain statements seriously affecting toe manage ment of toe Female Refuge. The subscribers have a right to know that their confidence is not misplaced ; and if each statements as those re ferred to are true, then toe sooner toe present committee is turned out, or the institute closed, the better. One point that strikes me as most extraordinary is that a committee comprising, amongst others, several members of the "Wesleyan Church, should have combined to exclude toe lay preachers, and stop toe good work of conver sion and reformation. Surely toe ghost of John Wesley must haunt the consciences of those apostates from his faith, who will have none but ordained ministers preaching to toe poor fallen ones. Mr Editor, can all this be true? Do come to the help of toe subscribers, and tell them whether it is so. I observe that your correspondent has concealed Iris (or her) name; and anonymous letters are often toe veH under which some disappointed per son conceals a petty, spiteful feeling. It is a great pity, I think, that your correspondent did not give the real name. Then the subscribers would have felt confidence in the truth of the allegations made against tbe committee : and would, doubtless, hare demanded from them an a/vT?! of their steward ship. As no notice lias since been of toe letter, toe subscribers hare, apparently, thought they could place more confidence in the published names of a committee comprising weO-known members of the Wesleyan, Church of England, and Presbyterian Churches, than in the anonymous slanders of, possibly, some disappointed person. Tbe fact is, Mr Editor, that the letter in ques tion is a tissue of misstatements. The. Refuge was established some seven years since. There has never been a rule adopted, or even proposed, ex cluding any but ordained ministers from holding services. On toe contrary, services by laynfea have been expressly provided tor, and were continued as long as men could be. found able and willing to take them. There has never been any rule ex cluding the city missionary ; on toe contrary, the committee always desired io enoonrage such visits. Neither is there any snch rule as that women cannot he brought by tlie missionary, or any other Christian person, at any time, and immediately re ceived, except in the case of -women who have been inmates previously, and have left It to return to their evil ways, in which latter cases previous enquiry by the ladies is requisite. ' Rules, and strict rules too, are necessary in such an institution, and toe rales by which our Refuge is governed have not only been framed by repre sentatives of toe different denominations, but adopted almost unanimously. One member, and one only, dissented from than,- and that one since erased to be a member of toe committee. The committee, in earning outa difficult matter, desire only toe welfare, both spiritual and temporal, of those for whose rescue the institution is main tained. Up to to the dose of last year, 1O0 women had been admitted ; of these twenty -five had been placed in situations, nine were "restored to their friends, three hare been respectably married, and forty- five have left of their own accord. At toe present time nine inmates are availing themselves of its benefits : and it is earnestly hoped, not only that so valuable a door of mercy may not be dosed, but that all who care for toe reformation of these poor creatures, instead of seeking to hinder the work, will, . by their works und deeds and prayers, endeavor to promote it. — I am. Sir, your obedient servant. 23rd 'September. Oxe who Knows. 