THE DEATH OF KINGS. Richard IL, in the play of that name, dis- heartened by his calamities, responds to all the encouraging words of his lords and followers with' a bitter satire on the wretchedness of royalty : For God's sake, let us sit upon the ground, And tell sad stories of the death of kings : now none have been depot some slain in war ; Some haunted by the ghosts they have deposed e, , Some poisoned by their wives ; some sleeping killed All murdered-, for within the hollow crown That rounds the mortal temples of a king Keeps Death his court. The unhappy monarch was destined to furnish in his own tragic fate one more illustration of his family. His words come vividly to mind in re- viewing the curious catalogue which a European statistician lately furnished of the number of so-, vereigns who have perished by violent deaths, or born discrowned by disaster. 'The list, which must perforce be incomplete, embraces 2,540 emperors or kings, who have ruled over 64 nations. Of these, 20!) were dethroned, 151 were assassinated, 123 died in captivity, 108 were formally condemned and executed, 100 were killed in battle, M abdicated, 22 were poisoned, 25 died the death of martyrs, 20 committed suicide, and li died insane. Even these lists do not probably include all the unnatural deaths and dethronement that, have occurred among the 2,540 rulers thus tabulated, for it was of ton "loomed politic to conceal the circumstances of a monarch's death, and history mentions many small instances in which thocausoof death is doubtful ; so that, for example, the 11 insane and the 20 suicides, and the 22 poisoned doubtless do not comprise the whole number of deaths which ought to be included under these descriptions. Nevertheless, taking those figures as they are, they furnish a striking comment on King Richard s melancholy words, which, by the way, Richard's own conqueror and successor almost paralleled in his lamentations, over the anxieties and perils that encompass the kingly state. We may add that the death of Napoleon III. at Chiselhurst has now, by one more name, increased the number of so vereigns dying in exile, while giving the whole Biibjoot a fresh interest,-Lippincott'* plaguing, 