KOYELISTS;;ÏN AUSTRALIA," Ever since Mr. .frenry Kingsley plunged his sickle into the ripe harvest of character and incident to be met with in the fiction fields of Australia," there has been no lack of reapers in the same objection. In fact, / of novelists and dramatists appear to have tried to adopt our gold-fields as the Tom Tiddler's Ground to which the destitute heir of a great name is bound to resort for the purpose of achieving a rapid fortune, wherewith he returns to England, redeems the family pinto, re purchase the ancestral estates, and renovates seconded glories of his race. Father, also, come the young and ardent lovers, opulent only in Youth and Hope, to found a home in the wilderness, and repeat the pastoral history of Jacob and Rachel on the plains of the Loddon, or the banks of the Goulburn. When it is necessary that the long absent and altogether forgotten uncle should appear to eject the bailiffs from the ice-covered cottage of the pathetically interesting young widow, with her charming family of bright boys and rosy-cheeked girls, he does not return from India with a gam- boge complexion and a liver complaint. On the contrary, his bluff countenance is bronzed with the sunshine of many Australian summers, and his portmanteau is so ponderous with gold-dust and nuggets that even his sinewy arms are unable to lift it from the fly which has brought him over to the Warwickshire village from the nearest railway station. Yes, Australia is decidedly looking up in the estimation of " the mob of gentlemen who write with ease." There are two novels, for example, issued by the same publishing firm in the present year; and both descriptive of life on the Victorian gold-fields. The title of the first is A Desperate Character, and we will deal with it before proceeding to speak of the other, which is designated Most Delany. The writer of each evinces that kind of knowledge of the colony, which could only have been acquired by a few years' residence in it, although the recollections of Mr. Thomson Gregg, who stands sponsor for the story of the Desperate Character have become some -what hazy. He speaks for instance, of " the beautiful Princess Park which sepa- rates North Melbourne from Brunton," and of the "Happy Creek, the name of which he derives from an aboriginal word signifying large ; while he describes "robins and night- ingales" as whistling' and singing while they dart in and out among the trees and shrubs of the Botanical Gardens. The hero of the novel whose mate upon the gold-fields is the black sheep of the story-is a young Irish- man named Hubert de Burgh, whose ancestor Class Yes with the Conqueror into England! and settled on the Green Island many centuries ago. He has been divested of his patrimony by the Encumbered Estates Act, comes out to Victoria as a steerage passenger in the Mobile, and lands on Liardet's Beach, in the midst of the excitement occasioned by the gold fever, with 6s. 6d. in his pocket. He obtains employment as a day labourer in the excavation of some great drainage works, which are being carried out at Brunswick, at an enormous outlay, and under the superintendence of The commissioners of some indefinite department of the public service. Thence he proceeds to the gold-fields, where he 'ever goes all the vicissitudes which the exigencies of the story demand, and which enable its author to describe, with tolerable accuracy, the chief characteristics of life at the diggings during the five or six years immediately following their discovery. There are the sly-grog seller, the old hands from the other side, the reck- less and lucky gold finders who go upon the burst, the publican who understands the art of "lambing down" the fortunate diggers, the colonial barmaid, the bush ranger, the storekeeper, the mounted trooper, the Californian rough, the Derwent, and so forth. But nearly all of them are of the conventional type. They are lay figures suitably draped and posed ¡ and the language which is put into the mouth of each is that which is supposed to be appropriate to a class, and not that peculiar to a distinctive and sharply indi- visualised, character; while the incidents described, although they may possess some' freshness and novelty for leaders in! England, will appear somewhat trite and, wearisome to the subscribers to Mr. Mullen's circulating library. ! As Hubert de Burgh is the good young man of the story, so John Jones, otherwise Mark Wynne, Earl of Mirghrath, Baron of liallymagaraghen, is its " desperate class racter." His end, which takes place in the middle of the third volume, is almost as' miserable as that of Hogarth's "Idle Ap-, prentice." On the other hand, Hubert falls in love with a virtuous young lady, Clara Mosely by name, and daughter of a mer Orbit of Hebrew extraction, who is one of the pillars of Wesley Church, in Lonsdale street. The brave Irishman with the Norman name, and the ancient blood in his. veins, proposes, and is accepted. He has a half share in' an amazingly rich quartz, reef near Heathcote, and has come to' get some fresh plant at Fulton's when he meets with his fate. But Hubert is a Roman Catholic, and Mosely here will suffer none but good Wesleyan to marry his daughter. What to be done ? " Clara falls upon her knees, and with all the fervour of one of the mark j r maidens of old pours forth her sup. plications at the throne of grace for the conversion of her lover." Then she rushes to her fond mother, who comforts her by saying "The Lord is seeking him, I believe, and will lead him into the fold ere long. He seemed much impressed by the chapter he read for us to-night. We will pray for Wm, Lotta, and Clara." Which they do. "On the following Sunday was the middle of summer and the church was filled almost to suffocation" they lead Hubert to the sacred edifice in which they worship, where " the preacher's words rang through the vaulted aisles with unusual eloquence and power." His fervour and the heat of the weather were too much for the perspiring lover, he surrendered at discretion. "The demon of falsehood," writes our author, was driven from his last strong- hold ; Hubert made an open confession, and was admitted a penitent in the sight of God and men. It was a touching scene." Nor was it without its compensations, for when the young people reached home, at the conclusion of the morning service, Clnia, dis regarding the sanctity of the day, " threw i" arms round his neck, kissed his manly Tw, and exclaimed, My darling Hubert now you are all my own !' " which must have is very pleasant- Mr closely pressed only hands, and Mrs. Mosely impressed a Motherly salute upon his manly cheek and Hubert was in such a state of mental Station, says the novelist, that he was really in the utmost danger of falling into spiritual pride than which there is not a more hopeless condition for a man." Hubert was a profane parties who sneers at firm weaving taken up with a lot of saddlers, '. T v,ho, by way of punishment, feels im 319 to relinquish his share in the reef, at ?JLyj__y moment it is turning out mountains °7,¿Ai"X,Ktos Sir-" By w- veins'" tiPíle yí1 Deity-" by Robert Thy nne, London : S. ¡oí Stone yielding an average of 2 ounces to the ton. He goes to England, and is no r here heard of. Our here, having been " duly admitted to the privilege of full communion with the influential body he had [joined, marries the girl of his heart and begins to lay up no end of treasure upon earth. He becomes a J.P., and might many times have been returned to either, branch of the Legislature if he had so chosen. And thus godliness is shown to be great material gain. Skilfully condensed, * A Desperate Character would make an excellent religious tract.' Singular enough, the hero of the second story, Tom Delany, is a middle aged Irishman of good family, whose broad acres have also been brought under the operation of the En cumbered Estates Act, and who, gathering together a few spars saved from the wreck of his fortune, sails for Melbourne with his wife and two daughters. As a work of fiction Tom Delany is much superior to A Desperate Character. Its pictures of colonial society and scenery have more fresh ness and force than those pourtrayed by the author of the latter work, and there is a certain impress, if not of originality, at any rate of individuality, about the leading personages. The best of these is Captain Kinnegad, who is not unrelated, perhaps, to one or two of Thackeray's captains, but who is an interesting fellow withal ; while the sayings and doings of a well-known magistrate on '"old Bendigo," to whose courage and firmness the author does no more than justice, are faithfully recorded. The descriptive portions of the book evince close observation, combined with a very fair amount of pictorial power. Here is a vignette of some dilapidated tenements at Flemington: " The lane consisted of a number of wretched wooden single and two roomed shanties or hovels, built during the great influx of population in the early years of the gold discoveries, and almost all now deserted for better descriptions of brick and stone structures, and fast going to destruction, Few possessed a door; in many a whole side, or the roof, had been carried away for firewood. These were now tenanted,' for the occasion, by numerous bands of stray goats, which had seized the little shelter they afforded from the hot wind now raging with great fury. Occasionally, as the captain passed, a pair of horns and a flowing beard appeared at a door- way, or windowless casement, while the sound of hoofs rattling over the hollow flooring, the flapping of the few shreds of canvas which had once formed portions of the lining of the wooden walls, and the sough of the hot blast through the numerous cracks and crevices, gave a dismal and unearthly appearance and sound to the whole place, intensified by the gloom which the dust-laden atmosphere had cast over the oil''" . 6 In a deserted habitation of this kind, Captain Kinnegad meetsLieutenantSpanker, another broken-down "swell," and their dinner is described in an amusingly realistic style. Speaker has been everything by turns, gold-digger, bullock-driver, shepherd, and vagrant ; end there is a touch of pathos in the narrative of his career which he in hills for the benefit of the new arrival. "Mind you," he says, after enumerating his chequered experiences, "I'mnotblam ing the country. It didn't send for you and me; in the want us. I may tell you to begin at the bottom of the ladder and work up. But how are you to get your feet on the pattern of the ladder? The bottom of the budget here means lude manual labour. Now manual labour is an art, acquired by practice and by early practice. You can't learn to handle a spade, or a bed, or a pick from sunrise to sunset now-any more than you can learn to play the piano now. . . What became of us prodigals until gold-fields were invented Heaven only knows I I believe, before standing armies -we volunteered for the wars. When standing armies came, who enlisted as full privates. With the goldfields we take to digging. When a star it's like a dream to me, I once was or thoughtiiiyself, a small luminary dropt from the London firmament, it is popularly supposed to be lost-annihilated-non-existent. Nothing is lost in nature. Here we are twinkling very feebly and starring it to no more admiring satellites than the ghosts of our former selves." In point of dialogue Tom Delany is on a par with the generality of novels, and its' author allows the dispositions and qualities of the characters he brings upon the scene to exhibit themselves chiefly in their col-. requires. There is no lack of incident to sustain the interest of the reader, and there is a considerable dash of humour in his account of the night of horrors which Mr. I Briggs underwent, end of the captain's siege! and capture of the drunken publican's pretty i and prosperous widow. As an Australian' work of fiction would be incomplete without some reference to station life, Mr. Thynne conducts some of his characters to a squatter ter's home on the Goulburn, and gives us a pleasant picture of the pastoral scenery of that district. The following is a favourable speci- men of our author's descriptive captain bilities : " Everywhere the wild duck led her infant family, across the boat's path, or dived until it had passed. Everywhere the large milk white cockatoo perched on the lofty branches, elevated his bright yellow crest. in defiant wonder, and made the calm woods, hideous with his screams. Everywhere, myriads of pretty paionuets-of vivid green and bright orange, and blue and gold, and more demure rose colour bid for a moment the sun in their flight, and then suddenly decked with countless gems the branches of some neighbouring tree, and maintained an incessant chatter until the boat glided by while his, though certainly not the least startling, the laughing jackass the Demo cities of the bush-Bent forth peal after peal of demoniaclaughter, ere he fitted, after as concluding shriek of derision, with his gawky, ungainly body, to find new subject for silly merriment." Although Tom Delany is supposed to be the central figure and leading personage of the story, most of its readers, we suspect, will feel a greater degree of interest in the broken-down adventurer, who stands in the same relation to the main current of the narrative which Captain Corrigan does to that of Pendennis, and as Wilkins Micawber; does to that of David Copperfield. In his present essay, Mr. Thynne appeals to us to have been only surfacing some very rich ground, into which he will perhaps sink a shaft hereafter, and show what a mine of character and incident is awaiting exploita- tion in the altogether imperfectly developed " fiction fields of Australia." The Riverine Grazier reports that on Tuesday, October 28, "The barge of the steamer Victoria got snagged two or three miles above Benerembah. It had about 500 bales of wool aboard, nearly 300 of which went under water. The Victoria left the barge after removing all the undamaged portion of the cargo from the barge. Great difficulty was experienced in navigating the river between Ijcneienib.vli and Toganmain on account of snags and trees recently fallen in." We take the following from the Straits Times .- Gold has been discovered in small quantities in the alluvial soil a few miles from New Johore. It is on record that, he fore the discovery of the auriferous metal on the Australian continent, the late Sir Roderick J. Murchison, president of the Royal Geographical Society, stated that in his opinion gold-bearing strata ran in a line through the Malayan Peninsula on to Australia. We have seen a sample of the precious metal from an island on the line mentioned." 