THE NAVAL POLICY OF THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT. At the Anchor Banquet, at Bristol, on the 13th November, Mr. Goschen, in responding to the toast of "Her Majesty's Ministers," said We have been four years in office. During that period there have been three complete financial years, extend- ing from March to March, for each of which the accounts have been made up. Well, we are accused of having done nothing for the defence of the country, nothing as regards ironclads, nothing to secure the naval supremacy which most Englishmen are anxious to maintain. (Cheers ) Now, what have we done during these last three years ? We have built upwards of 40,000 tons of armour-clad ships, represented, you may say, by the largest ironclads One of the charges brought against us is that we do not continually begin new ships. Well, we have thought there is something as important as that-viz., manning the ships that we have in hand. (Hear, hear.) We found, on our accession to office, a very large number of vessels which had been begun, but with which a very small amount of progress had been made. Now, I could produce, if I thought it right, which I do not, a most sensational naval policy at a moment's notice, and it would be this The moment you are going out (it office lay down ten gigantic ships, make the contracts, commit the country to them, then go out of office and leave your successors to find the money for their completion. (Laughter and cheers.) But that is not half the fun. After you have committed your success is to finish the ships, you should say to them, " Oh, you are beginning the new works, you have not the dash, nor the initiative, nor the care for the country that we showed. We began the ships, you did not." Well, but we cannot always be beginning ships, we must complete those already begun, and that we have done with considerable effect. (Hear, hear.) Although we have commenced a few ships lately, there never has been a time when there have been more arrears of shipbuilding cleared off. When a Minister makes a statement on these subjects he is always in a dilemma. Generalities written to a newspaper are believed at once ; when stated by a Minister they are not believed at all. (A laughed Now, we have built, as I said, 40,000 tons of ironclad ships. Of that amount, I suppose, there may have been Borne 24,000 tons devoted to finishing off ships begun before we took office. I disapprove the plan of throwing dirt on the ships built by your adversaries. If we were to cast odium on the ships built by the Conservatives, or those built by us, the result would be that England would have no confidence in any of her ships ; therefore on questions of ship- building we ought to rise above party considerations. The ships which we inherited and completed I believe to be among the most valuable and powerful addition to the British navy. We have also begun and almost completed a whole series of ships, for which orders have been given by other Powers ; but, as the forces of other countries stand at present, our ships are quite unsurpassed and quite unapproachable. (Hear.) It is supposed by some that our present ships are sur- passed in power by those of other countries. Now, there are five ships with regard to which the whole of this controversy has arisen. One of them is a Russian ship, which is to be finished in 1874, although I believe most of the inhabitants of Bristol expected to see the Peter the Great steaming into their port to-morrow. (Laughter.) Besides that there are two Prussian ships building in England ; there is also one Turkish and one Brazilian ship being built. Is it reasonable to assume that the maritime ascendency of a country is endangered by an order being given by a transatlantic Power to an English builder to build a ship, for the ship has not really been begun ? Let me give an illustration of this by a parallel case. There are two ways of creating wealth. Two gentlemen sit in a room and draw bills on one another, and then say that in their portfolio lies an amount of money that will really share the fortunes of other people. (Laughter.) The bills are drawn so the ships are ordered, but they are not built, though they will be. Why, after all, it is the country which can build the ship that is the powerful country. (Cheers.) I admit that these single ships must be watched, but I don't believe that any great or any small country possessing one powerful ship will by that means endanger the maritime supremacy of another country. There is a most interesting case in point. During the late war Prussia had a more powerful ship than any French one afloat-a ship in the opinion, of most men conversant in shipbuilding-although such persons often disagree on almost every possible plan -(a laugh) far superior to any French ship then afloat. Well, did it destroy the whole of the French navy ? Why, it never did anything at all is it never sailed from port. And why not? I can't speak with confident e, out I believe something was wrong in the cylinder, the bottom was rather foul, and there was some difficulty also as to the dock, (Laughter.) It was some mighty ship, but it did not belong to a mighty , navy. And so I do not think that these mighty ships which may be ordered will in themselves constitute this enormous power. We must, however, as I have intimated, watch them, and this will involve a costly effort on our part I admit that they are a danger which did not exist in former times, but they ought not to frighten us into any shipbuilding panic, or cause a blush on the cheek of anyone, as if our navy had ceased to be what it always has been-the most powerful navy afloat, and capable of dealing with the navies of any two, three, or four foreign powers. (Cheers.) Miss O'Neili..-The news of the death of Miss O'Neill arrived by the last mail. The Atheneum gives the subjoined short but pithy biography of the great Juliet train 1813 there was a delicate young girl painfully strolling, under the management of a rollicking father, from one Irish town to another. Drogheda has the reputation of having seen in her the bright promise which she afterwards realised. Meanwhile, she played princesses by night, and occasionally spent part of her days without shoes or stockings. The company her father ruled was destitute of nearly everything a player requires; but for all difficulties he had one remedy. Whether Juliet wanted a skirt or the Ghost of Hamlet's father a suit of armour, the manager invariably remarked, " Sure, there's no difficulty at all. Put on a great coat, and you'll do very well." Father and daughter were doing very ill in Dublin, half-starving, while they waited for luck, when it came to the latter all of a sudden. Miss Wald even, the theatrical heroine of the hour, refused to act unless at an advanced salary. The manager was in despair when he heard of the priceless pearl that was to be had for nothing. Miss O'Neill was forthwith attached to the Dublin Theatre, where she excited such sensations of delight that the Irish capital was beside itself. Forthwith, Covent Garden obtained her services. In October, 1894, Miss O'Neill made her debut as Juliet, and London acknowledged a new charm. Her grace, sweetness, delicacy, refinement, were things that London playgoers had long been strangers to. In her first season she ran through a line of characters which filled the town with admiration and poor Mrs. Siddons with disgust. The career of the new actress was as brief as it was brilliant. It closed in July, 1839, with her performance of Mrs. Holler, and with the announcement that she would not play again till Christmas. But marriage intervened, and Miss O'Neill never appeared again. She may be said to have united the old stage with the new. She played, as the great Mrs. Barry did, Belvidere, Isabella, Monimia, and Calista. She was also the Bianca of Milman's ' Fazio,' and the original heroine of Shiel's stilled and now-forgotten plays, hut plays which included in their cast Young, Charles Kemble, Macready, and Miss O'Neill. Her last season was the last in which Mrs, Siddons acted, that lady returning to the stage for a night, to play Lady Randolph for her brother Charles's benefit. Miss O'Neill is said, after her marriage, to have been rather ashamed of her old calling, and to have never referred to it, ignoring even the passages in plays, in which she had been most effective. This is probably exaggerated, for she was present when Miss Kate Terry played Juliet, and sent to her a message of congratu- ation " from a Juliet of earlier days." In Lady Teazle and Lady Townly, and in comedy generally, Miss O'Neill was not great ; but the gentle and suffering heroines of tragedy never had a more intellectual representative. She was always mistress of herself, and her judgment was supreme over her in Suites. In December, 1839, Miss O'Neill married Ir. Beecher, afterwards Sir William Wrixon Beecher, Bart., of BaUygiblin, county Cork, who died in 1860. Three sons and two daughters mourn the loss of a mother who at the time of her death was eighty-one years of age. *SmjPÏ towards LioBT BaowH Con treEs Off is the Va. marked Restorative for Weak and Sickly Children. Dr. B. 0. croft, author of "Handbook for the Numry." states :-" I have tried Dr. de Jongh's Light-Brown Cod Liver Oil, and find that it contains all the properties which render the oft so efficacious. I find, moreover, that many patients prefer it to the pale oil, and are able to retain it more comfortably. It is almost a specific to many of the diseases peculiar to infancy and childhood, and I have seen marked benefit produced by its ma." Sold only in responded imperial half-pints, pints, and quarts, by all chemists, daunts. .ad»tOTek««p«fc *>!. OcMinns; Ánsar,Harford,»aiCo.,77¡ 