OUR BABY. Now sit down, and I will tell you all about it. Charley and I were engaged. Youth comes but once, you know, and if we waited to be married until we could furnish house in fashionable style—Well, you Me, we knew too maefa for that } we got married, and left other eoaplet to grow gray, if they liked, on the distant proepeet of damask curtains, gold saltcellars, and train* of innumerable servants. Charley did not know the meaning of a " club-house," and the shopkeepers flashed their diamonds and satins in vain in my faoe t I never gave them a thought. We had some nice books and some choice engravings, presented to Charley by an old antiquary who had taken a fancy to him. You might have gone into many a parlor on whioh thoasands had been lavished, and liked onrs all the better when yon came back. Still it wanted something—that we both agreed ; for no house can be said to be properly furnished without a baby. Santa Clans, good soul, understood that, and Christmas Day he brought us one. weighing the usual eight pounds, and as lively as a cricket. Buoh lungs as it bad! Charley said it was intended for * minuter. Well now it was all right, or would have been, if the baby had not involved a nurse. We had, to be sure, a vague idea that we must have one, and as vague an idea of what a nurse was. We thought her a good kind of creature who understood babydom, and never interfered with any little family arrangements. Hot a bit of it! The very first thing she did was to make pre parations to sleep in my room, and send Charley off into a desolate spare chamber. Charley! my Charley! whose shaving operations I had watched with the intensest interest, mixing up little foam seas of lather for him, handing him little square bits of paper to wipe his rasor upon, and applying nice bits of court-plaster, when he accidentally cut his ohm, while we were laughing. Charley ! whose oravats I had tied to suit my fancy every blessed morning, whose hair I had brushed up in elegant confusion, whose whiskers I had coaxed and trimmed, and —Well anyone, unless a bachelor or old maid, who reads this, can see that it was perfectly ri diculous. Charley looked at me, and I looked at him, and then we both looked at the brand-new baby —and there's where she had us. Tou might have seen it with half an eye, as she folded her hands complacently over her apron strings, and sat down in my little rocking chair opposite the bed. I felt as though I was sold to the Bvil One, as she fixed her basilisk eyes on me when Charley left the room. Poor Charley! He did not want to go. He neither smokod, nor drank, nor plajed billiards; he loved home and —me; so he wandered up stairs afid down, sat with his hands in his pockets staring at the parlor fire till he could bear it no longer, and then came up stairs to get comforted. If you'll believe it, that woman came fussing round the bed after him, just as if he were infringing some of her rights and immunities. What if he did bring me a sly piece of cake in his pocket? Who likes to live on gruel for everP What if he did open the bliads and let a little blessed sunlight in, when she tried to humbug us into the belief that it would hurt the baby's eyes, because she was too lazy to wipe the dust from the furniture ? What if he did steal one of her knittiog needles, when she sat there, evening after evening, knitting round and round and round that interminable old gray stocking, my e?es following her with a horrid sort of fascination till my nerves were wound up to the screaming point ? What if I did MI him that she always set hsr rocking chair on that loose board in the floor, whioh sent forth that little crucifying squeak, and that she always said " Bleis me!" and was always sure to get on to it again the very next time she sat down ? What if I did tell him that when she bad eaten too muoh dinner, and wanted to take a sly nap, she would muffle the baby up in so many blan kets it couldn't ory if it wanted to, and then would draw the curtains closely round my bed, and tell me that "it was high time I took a nap P"—l, who neither by stratagem nor per suasion could ever be induced to <-leep in the day time!—l, who felt as if my eyelashes were fastened up to the roots •of my hair, and as if ! legions of little ant* were crawling all over me! What if I did teU his* that ah* got op a skir mish with me every nigbt, because I would not wear a nuisance called a night-cap P What if I did tell him that aha insisted upon patting a sticky pitch-plaster upon any neck for a little ghost of a cough—occasioned by her stirring the ashes in the grate too furiously—and that when I out-generaled her, and clapped it round the bed-poet instead, she muttered spitefully that " a handsome neck wouldn't keep me out of my coffin?' What if I did tell him that she tried on my nice little lace collars when she thought I was asleep at night, and insisted on my drinking detestable porter, that its second-hand influence might " make the baby aleep ? What if I did | was he not my husband ? Did I not tell him everything P laugh with him P cry with him P eat out of his plate P drink out of his cup of tea, because being his, I fancied they tasted better than mine? And didn't he like it tooP Of course he did! What if I did tell him all this? Poor Charley! he was forlorn too; his cravats were tied like a fright all the time I was sick i his hair looked like any other man's | the buttons were off bis vest, and he had not even the heart to get his boots blacked. Poor Charley! Well, that nurse had the impudence to tell us one evening that we "acted like two children." "Children!" WeP UsP The parents of that eight pound baby? That was the last drop in our cup. Charley paid her, and I was so glad when she went that I laughed till I cried. Then we both drew a long breath and eat down and look at the new baby—our baby j and Charley asked me about its little sleeping habits, and I told him, with a shake of the head, that I could not speak definitely on that point i and then we dismissed in a whisper, the respective merits of cribs and cradles, and the propriety of teaching it at an early period that imptessive line of Mrs Hemans : Night is ths time for deep. And then Charley got up and exchanged his musical boots for a noiseless pair of slippers, and changed the position of the shovel, tongs and poker, and oiled the creaking hinge of the door, and laid a chair over the squeaking board in the floor, that he might not tread on it, and with one eye on the baby gently shaded the night lamp t and then he looked at me, and gave a little sort of congratulatory nod; and then he drew off his vest and hung it over a chair, and then—out rattled a perfect tempmt of shillings and sixpences on the hearth. Of course the baby woke—frightened ont of a year's growth—and •creamed until it was black in the face. In vain its poor inexperienced papa kissed it, scratching ita little velvet faoe with his rough whiskers the while! In vain we both walked the floor with it. The fire went out, the lamp went out; and just at daybreak it came to us like a revelation, the sarcastic tone of that hateful old none, as she said, " Good-bye; I hope you'll get along comfortably with the dear baby." And so we did. Do you suppose one night*s watching was going to quench our love, either for the bab vor each other P No—nor a thou sand like it! For, as Dr. Watts, or Baxe, hath it, "It was one of the kind that was not born to die." Favct Vmxs. 