WEAK brains are continually eonjurisg; up phantoms that only exist in their diseased fanoias and the speeches delivered by Mr Higinbstham are continually railing politioal ghosts in tbe minds of those who hear them —or read them—when, if their brains were not diseated, there would bs no ghosts at all. How it is we cannot tell, for no man aver tt:c\;e more lucidly. In eome quarters, we are quite sure, he is wilfully misunderstood and systematically misrepresented, fiut in other quarters, through some inherent want of power to apprehend, tbe speeches of Mr Higinbotham are completely misunderstood. There are opossums and monkeys tbat have prehensible tails, and there are people whose intelleots appear to hare a prehensible power behind. They always catoh hold af an argument ia the wrong way, and like menkeys suspended to trees by theit tails, will insist on looking at things upside down- As a proof of this we may note one enrieos example. Mr Higinbotham'e first eleetion speech at Brunswick, as reported in th* Melbourne journals, called forth a most indignant protest from la eorrespondeat in the Daily Telegraph, who chided Mr Higinbotham for sneering at Republics, and a few days after there was a oolomn of froth in the Argus from the psa of a correspondent who could not adequately find Words to express bis detestation ol Mr Higinbotham for his mint of loyalty and reverence for the Grown. One correspondent accused him of having sneered al Republics, while the other charged him with having sneered at Crowns. The fast was Mr Higinbotham neither eneered at Monarchies nor Republics! He said he did not wish te eee these colonies degenerate into " weak and petty Republice," and every man who can and will understand English, will devoutly share in the wish. A weak and petty Republic, like a weak Monarchy, is not desirable. Mr Higinbotham ventured te say that the Knglieh Government attempted to " nobble" ooloni&l; statesmen by conferring orders of knighthood upon them. He ventured to say that meddling Colonial Secretaries of State should not be allowed to interfere in matters of purely local import to the colony, and beaause lie dared to say thus much and. sneer at the Order of St Michael and St George, he has been branded as on-English in tke heart and a rebel in sentiment. It is d enrient te note how some people arrogate to themselves a right to do what they will not permit others to do. The columns of the Argut teem with offensive if not insolent references to Governors of this and other colonies^ and the Snglieh Government. Yet if Mr Higinbotham dares to dissent from any action taken by her Majesty's ministers at home, he is at once a traitor. The Argut may. chide, .reprove, jind abuse the colonial offioe, but Mr Higinbotham dare not. He most not venture a quiet laugh at the want of propriety displayed in the revival sf the Order of St Michael and St George. Tiiese paltry patents of bastard and petty nobility are too sacred to be eneered at, let them be ever so e baie and Irumpsry. Ifo oni who has read Mr Higinbotham'B fint^lectien epeeoh at Bruntvriok recently, with the desire and intention of understanding it, will say that lie is -not a loyal and troehearted Englishman. 7 ' Xtoyal and true in the. proper MMS. Tht epeeoh bretthsi a bsld *nd manly spirit throughout. There is a aet of people at home whoia time ii unoccupied, and they, for the most part, do what all ethet idle people do—getiate mischief. They take our affairs in hand, and in virtue of having lived in tbe colony, and made money in it 'hey take upon themselves to deal with our affairs unaskst, as if they had a mest unquestionable right to do so. These people, who, for the moat part are spelling for knighthood's honors, demanded, on behalf of the colonies, to know to what eitent the English Government would protect the colonies in time of war ? " With ber last ship and her last shilling," was the reply of the Seoretary of State. Mr Higinbotham very sensibly describes this post prandial promise as a rhetorical flourish. The request should not have been preferred, and the promise should not have been made. Mr Higinbotham says truly that it was a cowardly request to make, and so it was. Here we have a population of 100,000 able-bodied men, rioh reseuroei, and plenty of money, and yet we ask our overtaxed countrymen, surrounded by powerful foes, to protsot us in time of war. This is the craven, white-feathered loyally that passes current in some quarters for true patriotism. What a miserable pale-faced cheat to call itself iojalty I Mr Higinbotham does not'believe ia it, aor da we. ;'•, We 1ia>B honor enoagh, and profit e&ough;, in being attached to the Empire: and as onr brethren at borne do not tax us—as they do sot ask us to ehare their heavy burthens—we, who are so much better off, should not ask them to send their last ship and spsnd their last shilling on our behalf. This is indeed a cupboard-love loyalty. The love London poliosmen shew the servant girls who entertain them with the last bit and the last brewing We are iaolined to think Mr Higinbothaoi's loyalty and patriotism are of a nobler sort Se says most justly that we ehould not be fought for, but should fight far ourselves. We are disposed to think these colonies might and should be no mean ally to England in time of war. We ought to own our own seas, protect our osrn commerce and ports, give an account of any of the enemies' stray ships, and find ample refuge and help for any of England's men-of-war that might put into our ports for coal, and to refit. But, no. The loyal colonists want the last ship and the last shilling. The blaach-oheeked beggars, how they do burlesque loyalty and patriotism. " I would rather be a dog and bay the moon than such an Englishman." The Daily Telegraph is in a state of trepi- dation. In its iBsue of Saturday it prophesies I the speedy advent of a toothless nation. Such | a consummation is not devoutly to bs wished ! : foi. There will then be no more noses bitten : off. There will be no teeth to out, no soothing : powders required; no toothache; no ! dentists' fees lo pay. No false teeth. No. i I Perhaps all teeth would be false. The teeth, | at any rate, will suit tbe mouths they fill. | The Telegraph propounds the idea that savages j have better teeth than city-living people— ' we object to the word " civilised being"— because the former clean their teeth and the latter don't. That's not the proper idea, that idea of the TelegrapKs. Civilization don't agree with teeth. Just think of the ooadiments and the trash showered down modern throats 1 Think of the breads, the muffins, the paste, the dishes, the sauces, the sweets, the wines and the spirits ! These are the real enemies to modern teeth. But the correct" tip" is this: Huxley and Darwin only go back to the quadrumana, but tbat was a very advanoed stage of being, indeed. Ia fact the genus homo, ia many oases, has not get beyond that yet. But there was a stage long anteosdent to that. Mr Smith goes baok as far as the spontaneous combustion of a vital spark—the striking, in fact, of some antediluvian mateh. We cannot travel as far back as that. The remotest period to which we can go is to travel baok and centemplate our ancestors when they were merely forms of polypi. A simple animal sac, having a ! mouth, and armed with tentaculse, by whioh they supplied that mouth with foed. That toothless mouth «f eld is what we shall be obliged to return to. The oreatnres of creation have grown upwards from the vital epark of Smith, if you like, up to the higher forms of polypi, from the polypi to the quadrumana and from the quadrumana to the genus homo, as represented in all hie glory by a Smith, of divorce renown, or Kabat, the forger. These are the highest types of creation. We have gained the summit of haman perfection— dentels inoluded. Now, we are going dowa hill again to return to the lew forms from whenoe we sprang, unwept, unhonorad, and unsung—toothless. The teeth are beginning to go now.' Next,the throat. And at last nothing but that animal sao will remain. A glaring instance came under our notice not long ago. A gentleman, prior to leaving Victoria for a neighboring colony, invested £25 in a bran new set of teeth with gsld mountings. He embarked and went to sea. He became qualmish. He went to the vessel's side, and the teeth, &c.;—that bran new set —were oest forth like the man who ought to have gone to Nineveh, but did not. Now, if a fish, or a mermaid, picked up auoh a set, it, or ehe might bs able to turn then, te some aocoast.' If the fish' and mermaids think, what must they think when such a strange .thing is east forth ? Not poetical, is it? At one time, when, proud Venice claimed the mastery in those eeas In the middle of the earth, the Doges went out once a year ia thsir gilded war galleys and married Venice to the Adriatio. • They oast a ring into the waters. If the fish and mermaids shared in ths sentiment they must ,havo though t the idea a Tery pretty one, and the golden rings were doubtless stored up in one of Neptune's coral chambers. But'the unceremonious -bestowal of a eet of false teeth, coming in snoh a questionable shape, could hardly be received dowa below, whan the weeds do g»w( 1 ware tfct Doges' rings. No. The prospsot of a toothless race is neither comforting nor joetio, and the Daily Telegraph would have done well had it raised no such alarm. FOREIGNERS who read our colonial ptpsrs must think we are either the most inconsistent f people in the world or that we are the mott c sonupt and unjust of all the nations of the earth. In one part of the paper they would read of a man tsaring his wife's hair, biting her nose, and kioking her within an inoh of her life, and being fined only £5. In another part of the same paper they would read of five poor seamen being fined two days' pay and sent to jail for three weeks each because they could not and would not work 24 hours a dey. Perhaps this is the difference: The Shallows in one case may have considered the badly manned ship in danger of being lost and it was of course a gr&at; sin to expose the ship (o any risk ; but a woman being bruised within an ineh of her life is quite a trifle—a £5 affair. Besides, she was his wife 1 THE latest instanoe of banking tyranny comes from Sandhurst. The following paragraph is taken from the JBendigo Advertiser:— " The same of a certain banking institution'of this district deserves to be handed down to posterity for its extreme carefulness in the conducting of business with mining companies; and we should Imagine made but few bad debts, if all its transactions are kept so alose to the wind as tbe following, just brought under our notioe. A certain company had to their credit in the bank, at a eertain date, some £6 6a Id, and 'the manager, desirous of paying off a few pressing liabilities, drew cheques to the amount of £6 6s Sd, and paid them away; the last cheque presented to the bank was for £1 lis, and the ledger- keeper found but .£1 10« lid to their credit, and consequently endorsed the cheque N.S.F. in the orthodox style. The cheque, so endorsed, was returned to the bank, whence it came back to be debited to the account previously credited. A notice had to be posted to the party who lodged the cheque, involving a twopenny stamp, to say nothing of the time lost and annoyance to all parties concerned—and this for the small sum of one psuny." The long patient, long enduring publio deserve all this, and mere. They like to be robbed by these institutions. They like to be sat apon. At any rate they do not show any feeling of restlessness. They have long bad a remedy in their own hands. The public should make this banking question a national one, and force upon the legislature the neoesiity of aotion. The maohinery for the establishment of a national *>ank of issue and deposit already exists. The associated banks of this colony make ever £80,000 per annum alone on the note circulation afloat in the colony, and for whioh they do not pay 1 the State a penny. As long as men like Mr | Francis are bank directors, it is not likely | they will take money out of their own poakets j by initiating a "tats Bank. A* long as the j publio will bleed, Mr Franois and other bank S t o directors will let them bleed, and the public must foroe this question on the Government, and we trust this matter will be made an electien subject at the next general election. It shonld not bs postponed for a longer date. In addition to the fres gift of £30,000 a year mostly to foreign shareholders, the banks make enormous sums annually on tbe deposits lodged at their establishments. The unfixed deposit* are not paid for at all, however large they may be, while the fixed deposits are only paid for at nominal rates. If a State bank were established for the issue of notes and the reception of deposits, the banks that now fatten at the public expense would have to trade upon their own money if they traded at all, while the money made available to the State for State purposes would go a long way to lessen ths burthens of taxation. In all probability the publio would be better served by the private banks than at present. If not, the publio would not be muoh worse eff, for now its cheques are dishonored for a paltry peony, while it is rand to the uttermost by a combination as bad in principle at any system of " knock out," or any other extensive means of extortion. Diphtheria has been seriously afflicting the family of Mr John Jluntz, of Springfield. Two of his children have died within a fortnight, the second having been buried oo Sunday; and two more ara seriously, if Dot dangerously ill. We have not heard of any other eases within the district. The contracts thrown ap on the Blue Mountain main road by Owen M'Carron, now insolvent, were on Saturday let by the Council to Messrs A and Ł M'Pherson. The roads are in a wretched state, and the Council can be none too urgent io pushing on these necessary works. Two weeks ago Mr John Lang, of Laugley lost six bullocks and two steers. They were taken out of the paddoek, so it is presumed they were stoles. They have not since been heard of. About this time last year there was a great deal ot" cattle duffing" going on, aad as anuther season is likely to aet in, people had better be on their guard. The committee of the Kyneton-Branch of the Bibls Society held a meeting yesterday, aad resolved that the annual pnblic meeting of the aooiety shonld be held on Friday next at the iempeianoe Hall, the Rev Mr Backhouse having coti6ed to the cemmittee that the Rev H. Nisbet, L.L.D., will visit Kyneton io connection with the society on that dsy, aad addrass a public meeting on the subject of "The Bible in Polynesia." Mrs Gregane was appointed to act with Mrs Prebble as one ot the lady collectors. It was resolved to purchase aome more bibles and testaments for the depot, eome in the Chinese language. Messrs Joseph Rogers, Bethell, George Laver, Joseph Morris, aad J. H. K. Busaombe were appointed additional members *f committee. By advertisement in another column it will be eeen that the time for receiving the tenders for the various refreshment rooms on the Victorian Railways has bean extended to the 26th inst. Dr Paley, medical superintendent of lunatio asylums, proeeeda to England in the steamship Northumberland, on a twslvemoaths' leave of absence. The officers of the department were veiy aesirous of presenting Dr Paley with some testimonial ia recognition ol-the courteous treat, ment they had received at his hands and his proved. ability, • bnt. the . rules of the serrieś forbade any sush «tep. Dr Paley declined to be entertained at a ball and aupper. • He will be replaced for the time, by Dr A. Robertson. If Mr W V Smith has any feeling at all, he •an hardly feel very comfortable just now. The papers throughout the colony teem arith criticisms adverse to liim. Here is one from ths Daylajord Mercury Mr William Vlileueave Smith is a striking example of the difference between a gentleman at law and a gentleman by nature. As one who has been called to the English bar, lie is legally entitled to tlie most honorable name which a man can aspire to, but that is all. Morally, there ia no more resemblance between Mr Smith and a true gentleman than between a horn ohesnutand a cbesnńt borse. Neither tank cor membership constitutes the gentleman^Jor there are noblemen who are exdudedTrom reputable society, and barristers Kke 'Mr Smith, whom no decent maa weald adatt to Us table." L Two annoying printer's errors appeared in onr aturday's issue. " Jfatera" was mwprtnW natwta," and " Norman,' " Morman. The Commissioner of Railways has announce I hat excursion trains will commence rnnnine n Friday evening next, 23rd Inst., and[be continued on the 24tb. The tickets will be available till the following Monday night, lbe will be the same as tbe " Saturday excursions." A scratch matoh will be played on Wednesday between the aides chosen by Mr Fiynn (Captain) and Mr Rogera (Vice-Captain). As it will be the last game before the Sandhurst mateh a qood muster of football players may be expected. . . Four hundred seamen hive petitioned the Governor to review the sentence passed on the 13th May on five seamen belonging to the barque Sea Nymph. They were sentenced to three weeks' imprisonment and forfeiture of two days pay for having refused to work, though they had been mush overworked during the previous 24 hours. The Government Gazette notifies the reesipt by his Excellency of a despatch fromEarl Rimberley to the following effect:—The National Assembly ot Spain bas adopted for the national colours of the Republic the old flag of Spain—a horizontal stripe of yellow between two stripes of red, bnt without tbe Royal Cross, which was previously inserted on ths yellow ground," and requesting the publication of the information contained in the despatch. The extension of the North East line does not at prsssnt appsar te be a great boon to the Ovens distriot. Carriace is now as great, if not greater, from Violet Town than it was from School House Lane, the termlaus of the first section. The cause of the high freightage is to be fouad In the fact that'nearly all the available means •( carriage is monopolised by the Government in the conveyance of railway materials from Violet Town to various points on the line where it is wanted. Any persons who have idle teams in their possession will preciire remunerative employment in tbat part of the country at the present time. 