Ms ^iflrj) Relict A BROKEN LIFE. ClIArTER XXXI. ' Thmt-'n ? t.inr torn tn hit frirtvn, Th« N» tnvt* m)r» thnn all.— Thf !«-? auA I. wp Inri' it froth, ThnQirti it is tut frell and tmalL Blir l(ivi-d It too— lnnn. lonp nao — Hrr I'.vc «-? liw ih-0 mln', StHI we titi- tii'Tirl* — lint onty ftlcndl— itylvllovlf.Tiwiim-l' Kittv, r''ii;r 1-nck jiitn tlte farmhouse in it s1»tr «t utter hpwililnrtr.pnt. met K'od Mr*. WVstwond with lior liauds full of mujmificptit hntlionsc flowers. ' Oh, ilicro ynn nre I' she cxclnimec?, »r '?lie c:in:rht M^hl oi nor ynmif; longer. '? I v \s hi nfinlii you lind pcineont. / nd 1 'i? :iropi:ini'«iilfii(liH flnwprKthiit iIudRC II'll lip'inir'it f--r thf Pick lody from liis own rntiBi-rviitory,' '.lndr:«; ttlm?' snid Kitly, nni]\r tnolc llii' l-ri!liiint tinnqupf, mill in'd iicr fnccin it. l'Kt llioold lady should sou tho equally Vrilliatil Wiisli tlint rose suddenly to her 'MnVr' TTill, of Hilltnwn, a prcnt 'i n'l -?( my Mill .Tnlin's. Rui'h n hniise n« ]'.-? Ins got. my dear, fincli horaoR, -eli nrrimrMi ! He is au Bnglisbmnn, '» ' 'Indeed!' ' i es. Ano wnrn ne eamcio Ainericn lin was «b poor us .Jrth's »(irk*y, they uny. P.ut pvprytliinc lms prospered witli iiiin oinre lie snlilml out West. He is a naturalized Amen'ran rifjcpti, you see, nnri ns sinnrt n ninn ns you will find nny wliere. He hnp been a select man, nnd niemiier for Cntipress, nnd nnw lie is «. .i'-lprn, nnd tlilltown is nnnied Rftnr him. You nmst let my Jiilm drive yon over iliere, fnmc dny, fur liis place is really worth seoinc.' ' Mis. r?i)l mipht not like that,' sng ?peslerl Kitty, in » low voice. ' I;-iw, IiIirs yon! He isn't married. Tliit is -lie worst of liim. Ho xcon't marry ! We always liavo a qunrrel nl'ini it wlien lie comes liero. Ar I tell liim. nn nld Imelielor i'b of no port of use in tliis world, lint lie only lanfrbs. So 1;ind iik lieis.lo women, too. Tiietninuto lie lienrd we lind a side lndy licrn, he tri'iiehf tliese flowers nil the wny liimeclf; tn-f-lve pnpd miles if it is a step,' ' He is indeed very kind,' siiid Kilty. '' Pr.iv «ny how much we nre obliged to J-im (lip next time he compa hero.' ' Tlint T will I' and the pood old woman WOed away to look after her household affair*. Kitty mused n moment, then went ntr;.rl,- tn T/i 'tellfl.trnve her the flower', '.??'1 t'!il her nil. Whereupon Ln Rt-'lln, vnvwird !i« invnlii's nsiinlly are, lieslirred 1n.-.-i.H tr- ciMnin more information nbout 1i-.. vi'iii: jndce. nnd nscertaininK with in' cl. ultt tlat lie was nbout. (o pay a -Lort vUit tn tile eity of New York, flip iiiMiipiiinti-lv in«i«ted upon returnin™ there — ilvncped Kitly in her train, and entered '!i'ti R rnnni? of ftiiliinnnhle rlissipatinn, ?which hod but onp atlcnowlodppd end, ?that rf brineing the long-parted friends ?fnpedipr once np-nin ! T Fiiprinse the favorite clioir of liis Tf-line« the Pope ronld scareelv lioast a ii letter fincer than Pipnnr Hizzio, of '!'- Tt:ilinn Opera. DiiehesRps went mad n'iont him (for lie was handsome nn an ?'''''?M. and princi'SseR stood readv to cast t1. :- rvws M bis feet. Asfarns oilier wmnen. nnhly born, rich, ynnnp;, nnd lieantifi.l, were concerned, he miplit have V:-d !ii- el|..;er(iir.onjttlionsnnds,Bornmor sni^. nnH in Iliis rnsp (kliowinir wliat Jnnls my fex ean make of themselves on siieh oecnsions) I fnncy rumor was to he believed-. He sanp in New Yorlt on a certnin niplit which I need not etop lo Rpecify, nnd llie pretty opera house was crammed from top to bottom with bennti 'nlly dressed ladies whose glasses were levelled at liim constantly, except when they were tnrnud spitefully nt n real or imntrinnry rival, wIiorp Invely hpad the fiiir crenlures would glndly have united i'l pulling off, if the customs of society lind allowed them to do so. Pignnr RiBzin sanp dii'incly — JiecmiM ?pot vpry well help doing fo — and looked ineffably sorry thnt lio could not prevent fo ninny benutifal creatures from dying for him. But there was one present who leaned carelessly hRctc in her box and sppmed to care very little for him or his singing. Her liend leaned upon her hnnd; nnd her .opera-glass waR on the cushion by her ? -side. She looked prond «nd -haughty, hut fhe also looked sad, nnd sorrow often #or»s far to atone for pride in mf eyes. The evening dress of pale pink jsatin, \- -and the pearls that were on iiernecti and firms, become her well. One little Wax like flower drooped in her corsage, us -h«ugh the heart beneath it had parched it hy its beet. Ttwas a. sprig of jessamine, 'nniT perhaps it was the sweet perfume tlint bad brought the tnnistnre into her cyee, and the look of melancholy upon her face. Changed as she was from the tnppy child whobad wo'rnlhe Howie* in England fire years before, it was impossible not ?to recognise Kitty Oliver. La Htella Rat beBtde her— the very «linduw -/f Jwr former Si If. From the opera they hurried to a party an n Fifth AvenHe hotel, given in honor - of the English consul, Kitty, the brilliant, dark-eyed woman, with a certain SpantEh «aso midcoquetry risible in her manner, was the acknow ledged belle of the, room. Young men :ind old men bowed alike nt her shrine, : and gozcl enraptured on the perfect love liness of her face. A11 save one — end he sJ.-vod aloof at a !i«3e distance, -with his head Lowed moodily and his arms crossed . upon hiBbreaRt. * Witbakindof 6tarfled . - interest he mtuglad .wjth -lie select 'few who were following her to the mueic-room. A friend came ap and took his arpi. 'It wilt be such h treat, be whispered. 'She seldom «ingp, but to-night she was' ..obliged. to yield. lam so glad/' Be did not answer. ' He was watching the snperb'air of indifference with Which she received the attention! of those mho tbrtmged arododier. *?.-,?? ; - ' WUt--haUIbingT'«heasted, in -differently. .????.?? , . o 'Oh, let it be one, of your beautiful ;Scotch ballads,' eaid a lady who stood ^?itrejdeher. ' ? . 6hc pansed, played a simple prelode, UUd began to sing ' Bonny Doon.' Tim listener st«rlcd and turui d pale. He had often heard that eauie cong among the groves of th« Ni-» Forest, mid though the deep contralto roicc w.as wondurfiilly strcngllu'iied end purified, hu fvlt thut it tunst lie tlic Fame. Dazzled and bc wiklorod, ho paused bis bund over his eyes and tried to think. She woe (iii-re before him. Tlic only woman he should have loved or married, Hiit, in all her youth and beauty, within bis reach. Out 6he w;is bound, and the diiiitiotidfi glittering upun her neck and brow I ltd once been plsiccd there by the fond bund of a husband. Shi* was lost to li i in fur ever — it mi^lit — nay, it must be so! He stepped through the French window, upon tbe lawn, and out under the syringa liusbes (lint grew so close to the winduw thul their scented breath (illcd the room, be gnzed at her through the loojieil-up curtains — hiniRelf in shadow. Huw beautiful she was. How fitting it seemed thut kIio should always sit there in rnse-colurod light, singing her way through life like nu rxquisiui dream: — ?' »T1k fiwwt to ptray, et tiie clone of day, Through grovi« uf lip Jon tra*, Whcc ru^Iiiur nuU-e ftom long btrdB* tbroatfl— Ai -- Tocal in Uic brccn. llntdtarer fur thnn moon or aUr, - Or flnvoT orclinnnlniE ht|e. Or till' uu-hitiff nnli-Hiiom-hnrut bird*.* thrr.fttA 1 lo.i— 1 Iok-Iok you!' It was a simple song, hut tlio melody was passionate1 and touched with that in definite sadness which is always nkiu to pavilion. A dream of Italy, of Venice, with its gmidolafs, its palaces, and its bewitching sky, came up hefuru him ; they were mi lunger in the sterile North ; they were in Unit clime uf the sun ; she wan tlio im firmixalrice, singing herown sweut fancies — not another's— he, tho young princo, crouched beneath bis leafy covert, but ready to kneel at her fuel as the last notes died uway, nnd feel her white hand play ing with his hair. Alas for Italy ! Alas for the poor prince ! And then kIic went buck to tlic Fcntcli hullnd once uiore, at the request of lior lady friend. A sudden, miserable impulse drew the listener towards her, only to look upon her fnen once more, lie thought; and making his way slowly through the circle, he stood just beside, her. How she had changed ! bow proud and queenly she looked — anil how well her cosily dress became, her 1 He gazed at her with his soul in his eyes. As tlic sang the touching words — ' Ahd inr fau-4 lover pu'cd thu tonj, Hilt oh, he Ml tlu' Ihorn for mo I' with the snund of tears in her voice, she lonked up — and there, besido her stood tho one whose memory seemed inseparably connected with the song, nnd of whom she was even then thinking ! Tho uliocl; wns too great and sudden. She sprang up, laid both her bands in his, nnd then, for the first time in her life, she fainted ! All was confusion around her, hut it was Judge Hill who bore Lor to a couch near the window. ' Give her air!' he said, loudly, and they obeyed, while one or two who bad remained to assist him, hurried away for remedies. The two, so long parted, were alone. Sim opened her heavy eyes, and saw him bending over her, pale as death. ' You here ! Do we meet again like Oiis, Williiini ?'' she exclaimed. After the first sudden shock, however, she bole the meeting well, for she had been schooling herself for it long. Not so the judge. His voice faltered — his check paled as he touched her hand, and a deep flush rose to his very temples. With graceful rase she covered his cmbnrrassnienl, and dismissing the group of friends around her, one by one, fanned herself languidly while she chatted, first to him nnd then to La Stella, who still remained. But William was too anxious to join the conversation, and at lust she took |-ily on him. ' The heat of the room is still so great,' 6hc murmured. ' If you will give mo your arm, we will explore some uf the cool marble hulls and passages for whie,h this bouse is so famous. Anything is better than these crowded saloons.' He gave her his arm without a word, and they left the room, sauntered nn and down the great stone hall at first, then turned down n little passage, carpelted with green baize, that led to the private entrance of the hotel. The folding-doors were open at the farther end, and as they drew nearer, they could see the two flights of stone steps, the gteat vases of Dowers, and the statues on cither side, and the aloes and orange trees standing Irke sen tinels in their tubs. Tho street- doors were also open ; the fresh air came in, and the people walking on the pavements, below went about like shadows. A Ger man band stopd at a little distance from these doors playing ' Hear me, Nornia,' and they lingered to listen. Kitty leaned against a statute . of the Dancing Girl that -stood at the top of the. stairs, her head restiug against the motionless figure — her clasped liauds covering her face, nnd her whole frame shaken by her heavy sobs. At first the otter wretchedness of her attitude and the passionate nature of her grief, kept him back. But she was lonely and sorrowful, and he loved her. The next moment he was kneeling at her feet. 'iTndgc Hill,' she exclaimed, haugh tily, starting back, and trying to hide the traces of her agitation. ' Boar Kitty, forgive nio 1 Bat when I saw you so unhappy I could not go away, or be silent.' ? ' She bad beaten down her rebellious heart before he finished speaking, and seemed tut calm as ever. He could not but notice that hers had been a tearless agony, that most terrible, one of all. He rose and took both her hands in his. ' Dwir'KiUy, tell me'wby yon are so unhappy. Ton know — your-muBt know — that ! lore you with all my heart and soul. I would sooner, die than see a shadow or a cloud upon your foci.' A look of bitter pain passed over it even 'as he was speaking, forehe remem bered, that lie bad said ihe same thing to 'her, long before, in tlte garden by the New Forest. 'I am sorry to bear you soy this,1' she answered, rather unsteadily. ' Believe me, it will be far better for you to forge me -entirely. -You know something of my history. Let that toach yon that those who care Die lenst for me are the happiest in my society ' Tho humility with which she thus al Inded to her unhappy marriage nnd still more unhappy separation, touched him deeply, and he cried out — ' Kilty, I Jievcr blamed you for it ' ' No. T do not think you ever did,' she said, with n Fad smile. ' I have always felt that yon were wronged,' lip went on eagerly. ' 1 hn've heard something abont it — not much — but enough to mnke me love yon more, nnd In long with all my heart, for the happiness of tailing yon my wifn. Bccanse he has been unkind U- you ? ' ' Rfnp ! Who -old you that ?' « Why — I must believe it, of course,' be cried, impatiently. ' Well, we will not quarrel nbont it; nnd it is useless for me to fight my hnshnnd'R battles, I suppose.' ' You call him by that name, still ? Why he is no more your husband than I nm, 'Kilty.' ' I beg your pardon,' fiho said,roldly. 'So I Rnid once. Hut my opinion is changed now. Whatever his fmilU or my ionics inny lliivu uerii, u iiium-i'ib iiixii:— wo urn still one. Onr vows were made for life — I feel sometime^ ns if they would endure in dentil,' she added, with start ling emphasis. ' Do yon love him so well, then ?' ' He is my. husband, nnd I cannot, if I would, forget it. Perhaps I do not love him as I might love another — but now that we nre parted I feel n tenderness nnH n — ob, I cannot say to you, nor to anyone else, how I hold him in my hoart. But T am very wretched — do not make me more so by speak 'ng to mo again ns yon have done, to-night. It wbr n. hnrd struggle for the poor judge, but he iinre. it bravely, for his was n heart, of gold. Ho took her hand in hie and raised it (o lis lipR. ' Kitty, from Ibis time you may look upnn me nR a true friend — as a brothor, if yon will. And if yon. wish to relurn to him, and will let me help yon ? ' 'No. it is too Into— too late.' she said, lmrrip'Hy. ' You do not know him as I do. He will never forgive me while he liven, but when he dies— oh Francis— you will pardon me then !' That a little -eliarp pong of jealousy and disappointment shot through his heart nt bearing theRe words, 1 nm not going to deny. In the first place, he linrl fully intended to marry Kitty him self, whon he heard that she was in America, nnd free ; and perhaps a mother, finding suddenly that her son bus token to sowing 'wild oats,' and would almost sel' himself, body nnd soul, for some baliy-faccd girl ho fans only known o month ; perhaps she, I say, stumbling by chance over one of his lovc- lcttere, feels much the snme pain that ho felt when he saw his great mistake. Such things as theso seem to lake tho ground from under our feet, and we hardly know where wo nro stnnding. And thirdly, and lastly, since tho days of Adam, it has been but natural for one man to bo jealous of another who eclipses him; and William was no bellor thnu the rest of his sex. ' And so yon only enre for him I ' ho exclaimed. ' You have so thought for me 1 ' 'Ah,' she said, shaking her head, ' I have had many a thought of you, William, since I knew we wore to meet. I think it is a great pity, a great shamo .—that woman does not know her own mind better. There is one thing 1 have always coveted, from tho time I wns a school-girl in pinafores, and I suppose I shall hnvo the pleasure of coveting it till I die. And yet once in my lifo I came very near obtaining thnt treasure, and bnt for my own folly I might have been a happier And better womnn now. This lost jewel, this long-lost treasure, this pearl of price, that has sunk for ever be neath the waves of tiiat great sea, the Past, and enn no more be recovered hy any effort of mine, than you can reach your hand down in the briny' ocean and bring up the rnby ring that has gone gleaming out of your sight into the coral depths below — was no other than a heart — such a heart as you onco gave me, Willinm.' ' I can give it you now, Kitty.' ?? Not now, I fear. 'Wo have both grown old ; and cron if yon could, I dare not accept it. So ends this little story of love for me. For the rest, I try to be usefnl and busy, and fill up my ap pointed time as best I may. It is a pleasanter life, too, thnn I once thought it could bo. It is not the life that might hare been ; but God knows what is bcBt. I look back nrion wy early life in the New Forest, and that troubled ocetacy of love as a beautiful dream,, which was given me at morning that I mightbetler support the toils and trials of life's noon-' day. But the noonday is going now,' and tbe night is coming on. I look forward to nothing but rest. I have waited to tell you this, William, to thank yon for all your goodness nnd kindness — to say ' farewell. God bless yon.' I am glad you are a good and noble man, because one day, if not now, I know yon will be a very happy one.' One light pressure on his hand, and . she glided away like a ghost. ? He did not attempt to detain her. He left the house, and sought bis' own rooms at tbe ? Hotel. Throwing a few things into a valise, he stepped out into the street nnd walked slowly up to the hotel where {be ball had been given. He found himself thereafter e hurried walk of Bomefii's minntes. ' It is the last time, Kitty, that I shall be so weak,' he murmured, as he looked up at the brilliantly jigjited windows. ' The last lime I shall be 60 near you 1 - Oh, Kitiyl can ynu dream what you have done, or is your heart all marble?' He buried hi6 face in bis hands, vxA wept like a child. The memory of the happy boors be had spent with her came over him too strongly to be borne. He could only meet such remembrances with his tears. ? fib be eMlinut.) Affairs in Madrid are at the present' mom«nt-juit)t. 