A VOICE FKOM THE SEA. By the -arrival at Liverpool of the United States mail steanler Wyoming, wa have soma particulars of the destruction of the steamer • Missouri by fire. The steamship Morro Castle, which bad just arrived at" New York; from Havanali, had on hoard four men wlio had' been saved from the wreck of • the ill-' fated steamer Missouri. Their'names are James Av iJofth, assistant- engineer ; John Fratiey, -engineer; Charles 'Sinclair, and; Charles Conway, firemen. It appears that these men, with five others, named Mark; :Anthony,- Thomas Eagan, J.. Macaulay, Michael Shchau, and the barber, n- German, lowered a boat from the Missouri while she, wa3 in flames, and without compass or food put out to sea. Besides these, twenty others were dropped into the boat, which filled and capsized, and before it could be righted they were all drowned. On the third night after drifting away from the Missouri, Anthony and the German barber became insane anil threw themselves out of the boat and were drowned, as nothing was seen of-them after ■wards. A few hours later, the other three lay down in the bottom of the boat, and died of hunger and thirst at the feet of- the-four survivors. Arid'then'the strength of the latter.began to fail, and boils arid sores broke out over their bodies from the hips down to their feet. The waves had been running high all this time, and every few minute3 drenched them with water. At the close of the eighth day the boat ran on the beach-at Abaco Island. , The four men . crawled - on shore, and found a well half-filled with brackish water, of which they drank, and then ,lay down, faint from li unger and fatigue, and slept. In the moriiing they succeeded in .reaching a wrecker's hut, where they made some tomato soup,, of which they partook sparingly. They then launched their boat and tried to make the mainland, but night coming 011, -were, compelled to return, to Abaco. When the morning of the tenth day daw'ued they tottered down to the beach - again,-'a distance of about half a milei reach ing it in about two and a half hours, but :found themselves unable to'-launch the boat. They then dropped on the sand, and on try ing to sit up, fell. down, again from sheer exhaustion. With a desperate effort they managed _to stick an oar upright on the beach, hoisting thereon one of their'shirts as a signal of distress, and all four lay down to ; .die.---Soon after, a sloop; owned by Mr. Currie, hove in sight, and the signal being observed by those on board, a boat was sent on shore,_ and the poor fellows: rescued from their perilous position. t Have You Seen the Giiost ?—For some; time it has been rumoured (says the Southern Argus) that la pleasantly-situated house in the suburbs of Goulburn had been: haunted by spirits from a more distant, region than Jamaica. A man and his wife were installed in it as care-takers,J but they soon gave up the - office through fear of: the imaginary : goblin who was stated to make noises which even the care-takers, although living rent free, were not able to withstand. It was necessary'some one should stay in the house to" watch it at night; so the services" of ~a sturdy man who had no fear of anything so immaterial as a ghost were procured to mind the dwelling, and confront and brinish, if "he oould, the ghostly visitants who had rendered night liidious in the vicinity of the house in question. Armed with a good baton that -in its day in a policeman's hand had no doubt done service on harder heads than stop ghosts iiirgeneral, and accompanied by a trusty dog, the spirit-seeker began his task on Saturday night last. Watching and waiting are great provocatives of drowsiness, and naturally in the absence of the ghost the man fell asleep. Suddenly he was aroused, just about the hour " when churchyards yawn," by tho barking of" his' dog. He listened. Sure' enough there was a noise, but not the usual or peculiar noise that ghosts make. A care ful scrutiny proved that the alarm was caused by some native cats. Satisfied so far, the man. again laid down. Ho was unable to sleep however, and coming to the hour of one, his dog again barked. Listening attentively the ghost-queller could hear whisperings. All! at last his ghostship had come. No smell of brimstone or coloured light heralded his approach. He had come stealthily, whispering to himself of course about how he was to rid himself of this fresh intruder upon his domain. Not less cautious was the ghost's foe. Taking his nut-cracker in his hand, he approached to where the whisperings came from, which was it must be remembered outside tho house, and raising his voice and his baton at the same time, ho asked,. "Who's there?" The reply came, not in the hollow sounds that ghosts emit, but in a sound human, saying " You told me to-day you were going to watch, and I have come to find out if you have seen the ghost." The words came from a broad-speaking man who, acting the part of a knight-errant, had taken a forlorn female under his protection. A good laugh banished the ghost, and it has not since come back to disturb the^ watcher. [Will our contemporary be good enough to explain where tho laugh comes in.] 