\- GRIF: A STORY OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. By B. L. Farjeon. ' ' Chapter VIII. GRIF IS SET UP IN LIFE AS A MORAL SHOE BLACK. V.' Grif, although but a poor and humble mem ber of the human family, was as gregariously inclined as the rest of his species, and loved, when opportunity offered, to associate with his fellows. The circumstance of birth had placed him upon the lowest rung of the social ladder, and, being grovelling by nature, he had no thought of stiiving upwards, and was always prowling about, like a hungry dog searching for a bone. Being gregariously inclined, he was to be depended upon as an item in a mot-. The object of a gathering of people was not a thin' to be considered— politics, religion, amusement, were all one to him. If he but chanced to come across a throng, he added one' more to the number,, fiom shear force of habit. Thus he. was if paasivo auditor of street preachers of ' every denomination, and' being in the habit of stand iu? quite still, with his mouth open and his hands in his pockets, or where his pockets ought to he,- he grew to be looked upon as a godsend by the orators, Who spoke at him, ii lid scoffed at him, and humbled him, and hurled anathemas at his head, as representing a class, entirely devoid of godliness. They ' twisted his moral nature, and picked at it, and pulled it to pieces, and grew eloquent upon it. They said, ' Look at, his rags, look :at his dirt, look at the ignorance wiitten on his countenance.' They told him to repent if he wished to be saved from damnation ; and they prayed for him and wept for him so-' eurnestly that sometimes he experienced a dull wonder that the earth did not open and swallow him, he felt so utterly and thoroughly bad. To the political orators who were. in. the habit of 'stumptag.it' in the Market square he was not of so much importance. I1 The People, ' in the aggregate, was Vhat the ' stump politicians gnasbed their teeth at and wept over; and it was remarkable to -W observe with what campleceucy the' People' ] listened to these bemoanings. At the period during which Grif played his insignificant lart.in the history of the gold-colony, workr . ing-men-politicians were in great force, and ' night after night the Market-square would be j thronged with an auditory not unwilling to be amused by listening to the out-pourings of h'alf-crazy or wholly knavish, demagogues, who had either gone mad over ' the people's wrongs,' or were working to get into Parlia ment, where they could make ' pickings ', for themselves. Many a red-hot radical who coald not get an audience in Great Britain, and who had emigrated to what he thought was to be the ' people's paradise' bete, was listened to, and laughed ar, and applauded, and — did no harm after all. Grif did not understand what it all meant. He heard a great deal about the ground-down people, Che crushed people, the poor starving people, upon whose substance the oligarchs were fattening ; out all he culd make out was that things were wrong altogether, a conclusidn which precisely tallied with his own experience. But he, for one, bore his',lot uncomplainingly, and with an uneonscious exercise of 'philosophy, walked in tlie gutters (not feeling himself good enough to indulge in the pavement) without a mur mur. Grif did not object to gutters ; he had formed their acquaintance in his earliest infancy, and time and association had almost endeared them to him. Everything in the world is comparative. Pleasure, pain, success, disappointment-, act in different ways upon different people ; the effect depends upon.con stitution and education. .- So, dirt and cleanli ness are differently regarded by different classes of society. To.»a well-regulated mind the spectacle of Grif w'alking in a narrow street, and picking his steps carefully along the gutter, would have caused a sensation of wondering disgust ; and a pair of well-polished Wejlington boots might naturally have objec ted to come into contact with the dirty broken bluchers in which Grif'a feet s)ip-slopped cou stantly; But, in the eyes of Grif, dirty boots were no disgrace; he felt not the shame of them. From the moment he came into possession of a second-hand pair (he had never* known the respectable bliss of a new tight fitting boot, pressing' on corn or bunion), they were dragged down to his' own level, : and forfeited their position in society. They may' have been occasionally scraped, but they were never polished ; and so they lost their res pectability, and became depraved and degra ded, and their scams :and soles were eaten into with mud and dirt, until they gave up the ghost in the boot world, and trod the earth no more. it might be gathered from Grif's mutter inns, as he walked along the streets the day after he had giveu.^Uice the promis3 to be honest, that his mind was disturbed. 'She's right, o' course she is,' he said, ' 1 know that well euough ; but what was I lo do? I know it'll be no go my tryin'. He must be a precious green cove wjio'd have anythin' to do with me !' and he, looked down upon his boots, not with disgust, but with distrust, and stepped out of the gutter on to the pavement. ''I never wanted to steal; I only wanted my grub and a blanket. If any sweli'd have given 'em to me, it'd have been all right. But they ain't a bit of use to anyone, ain't the swells. I've got to try to get a billet as a errand boy. All right. It ain't a bit of good, I know. Every one on 'em knows what sort of a cove I am. But I'll tiy, at all events. I promised. her I would, and I ain't a goin' to deceive her ! ' , And thus it fell out that Grif had issued from his lust night's bed — the packing- case- — with the intention, for thn first time in his life, of endeavouring to obtain *an honest live lihood. But Grif did not seem destined to be suc cessful. He walked into scores of shops and places of ''business with a timid, yet half defiant, inquiry, ' Do you want a errand boy?' and was sometimes roughly, often iguominiously, tHrned out. Scarcely from one of the storekeepers did he obtain a kind word, and it was not in his favour that many of them knew him, and had been in the habit of seeing him prowl about the Mel bourne streets. He was not a sa'vory-looking boy, and did not bear upon his outward ap pearance auy recommendation to the situation he was1 soliciting. His boots were muddy, his clothes were lagged, his skin was dirty, his hair was matted. He did not add another word to the query, 'Do you want a errand boy ? ' and he did not at all take It in bad part that he was treated with contumely. Indeed, if such a state of mind can be con ceived, he was, in a sort of measure, exultant at each rebuff. ' I told her so,' he muttered to himself, triumphantly ; ' who'd have any . thing to do with a beggar like me ? But I promised her I'd try, and I ain't agoin' to deceive her.' Two or three times he was surlily spoken to by the policemen, and on each occasion he slunk off, without a murmur, not without a dim consciousness that he was absolutely compromising his character by attempting to obtain an honest livelihood.. . Readers who are not acquainted with colonial life, must not suppose that the police, or that other 'institutions,' differ in any essential in the colonies from those of the older countries. The colonies are certainly new, but they Jo not commence their career vat the year One, but at the year Eighteen Hundred and Odd. There is just about the same comparative amount of vice and virtue, goodness and wickedness, ruffianism and kind heartedness, as is to he met with in any other part of the world. Those who say otherwise, and cause others to think otherwise, are in the wrong. There are in the colonies, just as much average unkindness and uncharitable* ness, just as much charity and benevolence, just as much ignorance, just aa much noble mindedness, us can be found amongst masses of human creatures anywhere. It is true Unit men get into false positions oftener than in older countries, but that is scarcely to** be wondered at in new colonies', where people of nil classes are thrown indiscriminately to gether, and have not had time to settle into' their proper positions. Those readers- will therefore please not to wonder that Grif should be looked upon in precisely the same light as he would be looked upon if he were prowling about! London streets. To the Melbourne constable, he was just what a ragged, pilfering boy would be to a London constable. It did not much affect him ; he was accustomed to be buffeted, and cuffed, and maltreated. The world had given him nothing but hard knocks since his birth, and he took them without murmuring. He locked upon it quite as a mutter of course when the conservators of the public peace spoke harshly to him. But he had a promise to perform ; and he resolved to i ._?*?«, . ... Derform . it conscientiously/ So it happened; that he stood at the door of tthe great place of business of Mr. Zacbariah Flemish, with the intention of askiug. for ,the situation, of .an errand boy.. The green. \baize folding doors somewhat daunted liim';-.bnfc hesitating for ne moment only, he pushed them open and entered. It chnnced that, exactly -upon his entrance, Mr. Zachariah Blemish .came out'of his own* particular private .room ^.for the pur pose of putting a question tpoue of his clerks, and that the great Blemish and the small Grif stood face to face. It was a marvellous; cor^i trast ! The great 'Blemish, sleek arid shining ; the small Grif, rough and muddy ; the great Blemish clean and polished, t smooth-shaved and glossy; the small Grif, dirty, and ragged, with the .incipient stubb'lo of manhood upon his chin a'nd cheeks. For nature is impartial in her supply of beard and whiskers. Money will not buy them, nor will grease produce them, though it be puffed and perfumed, '?' ? The rich, great Blemish, then, Jooked down upon the poor little Grifl For_a moment, the great hum's breath was taken away at the sight, lu. his counting-house, sanctified by the visits of Members of Parliament, 'oif Minis ters, and. of merchants of the highest standing — iu sight of his books, wherein wore daily entered records of 'transactions amounting to thousands of pounds — the appearance of a ragged boy, and such a ragged boy, was, to speak of it in the mildest terms, an anomaly. ' What do you want here?' asked Blemish. 'Do you want a err.ind boy?' asked Grif, in return. ' A wliat?' inquired Blemish, sharp!}'. 'A errand boy,' replied Grif, calmly. , . At this juncture, a policeman,,, who had watched, Grif enter the office, and who was sycophantiahly disposed to protect the inte rests of wealth and position, popped his head iu at the door, arid touching his hat, begged Mr. Blemish's uardon,'but the boy was a thief, and he thought he was iip to no good. 'TJtnpli !' said Mr. Blemish. ' He looks like, it. But thank you, policeman,' this with a stately affability, ' I do not think you will be wanted.' Whereupon the policeman touched his hat again, and vanished, 'determining, however.^to keep an eye upon Grif, and find out what he was up to. ^ 'Come this way,' said Mr. Blemish to Grif, who, considerably^ astonished that he had not been given iuto custody, followed the !-reat man into his private room. There he found himself in the presence of two other gentlemen, Mr. Mattliew Nuttall, and Mr. Duvid Dibbs. Mr. Nuttall was sitting at a table, writing, aud his face was hidden from Giif. 'Now, then,' said Mr. Blemish, when Grif had disposed himself before the great merchant like a criminal, ' what do you mean by coming into my place of business ?' 'I wants a sitiwation as a errand boy,' immediately replied Grif. 'The policeman nays you are a thief,' in terrogated Mr. Blemish ; ' what do you say to that?' », ? ' Nothin','1 repjied Grif, shortly. 'You are a thief, then?' 'No, I ain't,' said Grif.; 'I'm honest, now,' and he blushed with shame as he made the confession. .-v 'Oh, you are honest now,' Mr. 'JJlemuO'i observed, with a slight dash of sarcasm, 'Since when has that occurred ?' 'Sinceithia nioruiu' ; this is my first dayal it.' *? ' ' '' '? ... ?--.? G lif's candid statement appeared to' perpl«.s the great merchant, lie paused a little befort he said- — ? ' You were a thief, then?' '?When I couldn't get 'nothin' to eat foi nothin', I took it,' returned Grif, uncom piornisingly ; ' I wasn't a-goin' to starve.' 'Starve!' exclaimed -»Mr. Blemish, lifting up his hands in pious wonderment. 'Starve In this land of plenty I' : 'It ain't a land of plenty to me; I wial it was.' 'Really,' obser/ed Mr. Bleniish, to sur rounding space, ' the unblushing nmnner ii which such lajamiifliris us';' this give the lie t- political economists is positively frightful. D( you iielieve in statistics, boy 1' ' Not as 1 knows on,' said Grif. 'Did you expect a situation here?' in quired Mr. Blemish, looking down upon tin lad, as it wondering what business he had ii the world. . *- ' No.' . ' Why did you come, then ?' . , ' I promised her to trypthough I told hci it wasn't a bito' good.' ?:??): 'Who is 'her'?' inquired Mr. Matthev Nuttall, turning suddenly round, and facia; Grif. Grif gave a great start, and threw a suddet sharp look at the questioner's face. He kuev him at once. The likeness was unmistakable Even in his deep voice there was1 a ring o Alice's sweeter tones. If anything could hav- shaken Grif, it was the sight of thut stert face, and the knowledge that the man befort him could make Alice happy if he chose Eager words rushed to Grit's lips, but hi dared not give them utterance. What goot could a ragamuffin like him do ? He had besi hold his tongue, or he would make matter; worse. ' Who is 'her' ?' repeated the gentleman. ' She's a lady, that's what she, is,' replied Grif, recovering his composure. ?' ' A lady !' and Mr. Nuttall laughed: ' Ah, if you knew !' thought Grif, but h- contented himself with saying, ' Yes, she i* and so you'd say if 'y'bu sor her.' ' Upon my word,' remarked Mr. Blemish blandly, ' I did not know that vagabond) like you associated with ladies. This boy is evidently an original.' . , ;, 'Don't you call no names,'' saiil Grif, ' If you don't want an errand boVj-'say so, and send me away.' . ??? Better and better,' observed Mr. Blemish ?composedly. !' Now, this 'is something in my way, although I am not aware that 'I lmv« metfiWith such a ?character 'before to-day, Why did you start when this gentleman spoke to you?' ' -f. ? ' '*' '1 thort 1 knew his' voice,' returned Grif. 'And, do you know it? Have you had the pleasure of this gentleman's acquaintance1}' This4.was said so pleasantly that both of the gentlemen smiled. ???'^ ' Never seed the gentleman aTore, as I knows on,' said' Grif, to whom a lie was ol the very smallest consequenee. ' What do you do for a living?' asked Mr. Blemish. 'Not hiii'' partikoler.' ; 'And you find it very hard work, I have no doubt,' observed Mr. Blemish. , ? . 'Yes, I do; very hard,', replied ^Jrif, literally ; and then, with sudden exasperation, he exclaimed, ' What's the use of hndgerin' ? ? -- ? ''5B-. . ? me? Yoii ain't agoin' to 'dp hothiu';for nie. Why don't you let me go?' '' . ' : f'T.' 'Come,' said 'Mr. David Dibbs, who up to this time had'bik'eh uo part in the dialogue, ' I'll'tell you what it is, yoiing'feller ! : You keep a civil 'tongue 'in' your head, *pr,I'll' corn mit you onthespot. ? rni;a'magistrate,'tim't's what i'am, and I'll give you a month, as sure as eggs is eggs, if you 'don't mind' what you' i;e up to'!'1 '?' ? '?' ' ' ''''! ^ ' if 'I Ubn't care,' re.spon'a'ed Grif. ' I ain't agoin' to behadgercd.' ' ]' ' ' *: ' You don't caro !' exclaimed Mr. David Dibbs, ? turning as red as a*''tnrke'y-cock. 'Send for the policeman, Blemish.' I'll have have him put' in giiojj-' aud flogged. ' Is' a magistrate to be sauced at in this h'ere way?' The small puffed-lip soul of Mr. David Dibbs swelled,witb,jindignation: Things were come to a |)retty'''passj'intleed, when the pos sessor of thirty thousand pounds'si year, 'and a magistrate' intiff?the'' bargain; whs thus openly defied 'Hy*a 'ragged boy, probably without' .six- pence in bis pockets ! They glared 'at each other, did Grif and Mr. David 'Dibbs, and Mr. Dibbs did tot 'have much the best of the situation. ' ? 'Nay, nay, Mr. Dibbs,' said Mr. Blemish, soothingly ; 'you : have every right, to be angry, but let mo deal with '^Ik;' boy, Tbcg.— Now suppose,' lie said,- addressing Grif, im pressively,' 'suppose I were to take it into my head (I huven't any such idoii; mind you) to -;ive you a situation as errand boy, what remuneration' would you require in return?' ?f Wh-ifwhaU' : ''? ?' ?' 'What remuneration— what salary — how much a week would yoa'expect?' ' I don't expect nothin' a' week,' answered Grif; 'I only want's) my grub and a blanket. ?But if you ain't got no such idea, what's the good of keepingiino. hore'f' »? '' ' v 'Of course you know nothing of religion ?' 'I've been preached to,' responded Grif^ ' till I'm sick of it.' '?''?'?'.' ' This boy interests me,' remarked Mr.' Blemish, speaking to society in geneial ; 'I should like to, make an. experiment with him. Who knows but. thiit we might savo his soul ?' ' You can't do that,' said, Grif, moodily. ' Can'c-save your-8ou! !' ??'? ' No, the preacher chap sed it'd go to mbr chc.'l perdition ; and I suppose In) knows.' Mr. Blemish raised his eyes to the ceiling, and tin expression ofsublinm pity stole over his .countenance'. Giif edgi'd' clo.si-r to the door, as if anxious t..- be dismissed. ' ? Mr. 'Blemish folded, his hands with a' sort of '-pioiiH ' horror, and exclaimed — ' 1 am amazed !' ? £ Wliat are^you .amazed at Y' inquired Mr. Dlivid Dibb»\ 'I've seeu hundreds of boys like this here one — be ain't no different to the' rest.. They're a bad, vicious lot.' Grif assented to the last .remark by a nod. ' But our duty is clear,1' suid Mr. Blemish, as if in answer to a voice within him, perhaps the voice of morality:' ''Listen to me' — this to Grif, with a fo; (.'-linger wuiningly held up; ' I am about to yive you a chance of reform inS-' .-' .' ' All right; I'm agreeable,' s.-iid Grif, in a tone that, betokened utter indifference of the matter.' ?'' lu.my capacity as President of the Moral Boft Blacking Buys' Reformatory, I will pto vide you with a boot-stand, a .s-;t of brusiius, and a pot- of the best blacking. You can polish boots?' ? ' I've only got to rub at '(iin,'I ti'posp,'said Giif, wishing his own feet, with their dirty bluchers, would fly off his leg*. Mr. Blemish waived the question as one of detail,, which it was evidently beneath him to cuter upon. ' - ' „ ' iTuu can take up your* stand at once. What do you say ? .Are you willing to be lumest ?' ' ? ? ' Didn't I tell yoa that this is my first day at it,' replied Grif. 'I'm williu' enough; I only wants my grub and a blanket. It don't mattci to me how I gets 'em, so long as I do «et 'cm;' ? ? * ' Very well,'?and Mr. Blemish touched the bell, which on the instant brought a clerk, to whom he gave instructions. 'Go 'with this young mau, and he will provide .you with everything that is necessary, aud come to night to the meeting of the Moral ? Boot Blacking Boys' Reformatory. Do you know why it' is called the Moral Boot Blacking, Boys' Reformatory ?'' ''JtS* 'No.' ? ' ':-'-.v?': 'Because all the boys are moral. If' they are not moral when they are admitted,, they are niado moral. So mind that yo.n'fe 'moral. The more moral you are, the better you will get on.' ?'#.?' ' I'll be very moral, I will,' promised Grif, without the slightest idea of the meaning of his promise. - ' ' ' Now you can go ; I shall keep my eyes on you, and watch how you conduct your self;' and Mi. Blemish straightened himself, and swelled and puffed, as who should say, ' I have done a noble and a moral action, and now I can transact mjr business with an easy conscience.' Gcif, finding himself aet up in life as a moral shoeblack, felt uncomfortably strange as he stood behind bis stund in one of the Mel bourne streets. He had been provided with a boot-stand, a set of brushes, and a pot of the best blacking ; and as he surveyed his stock .'in-trade, he was not quite certain whpther he ought to be gratified or disgusted. He was so awkward altogether; and he did not know what to do with his hands. He placed them behind him — that was not business-like ; he let them hung before him, and he became so painfully conscious of them, that he absolutely began to hate tii'ern. Never until now had he experienced what a dreadful responsibility it was to have two hands and not to know what to do with tl)em. For an hour no customer came. Thinking that the state of his own boots was uot a le .conitiiendiition to his business, he set to work brushing and polishing them up. It is amaz ing what a difference a well-polished. -.pair of boots.ruakes in one's appearance. As he sur veyed his shining leathers, Grif felt that an -important ch\uge had taken place in hit) pros pects. He was already » respectable member of society. H But still no customer cauie. He was a shrewd lad, and, thinking to tempt the passers-by, he. took off his boots, aud placing them upon his stand, courted custom with hare feet. In vain. Most of- those who passed took ho heed of him'; a few looked at him and smiled— some iu pity, some in derision, it was like standing in the pillory. He turned hot and cold, and flushed and paled, by turns. In truth, . it was no enviable, task for Grif, who had been a Bedouin of the byeways all his life, to stand stock- still, as if proclaim-, ing that he was nshamedr of his past life, and egged to be n'dniittcd in.'o tin; ranks of lion- ' d it respectability. Besides, ' he was hungry, ] nd gnawing sensations within made him rest iss and unhappy; 'tint Grif behaved bravely; [e f'r.r not flinch from hirfpost. For hour he ? . ;oot'; patiently waiting. ? And then an inci ent occurred. ''Two -men, Jim P zey and 'the 'enderheartfid Oyster'man,stopped;l-efbre him. 'he sight of the Gystertnan so inflamed Grif, liat he felt inclined to do. one of two-things — 9 catch up his boots';arid fly away, or to pring upon the Oysternian and' choke him h murdering Rough. But he did neither. I ' Here's1 tbc^youns; imp,' said Jim Pizey ; . I 1 he's'; turned respectable.' Grif's first im- I lulse was' to indighantly-aeny the imputation, ! nit no time' for . utterance was given him, i 'Have you seen Dick' Handfield to-day 1' I isked' Pizey. - I '?No,' answered Grif, 'shortly; | !y'i'Whero have they gone to, him: and his ^ I wife'?' asked Jim. ? 'Tell me any lies, and I LMl*'break your .neck for you/ : Here, clean I tiy boots.' Jim bade him -lo this, for he I was fearful of attracting attention. | Grif would Mmve liked td refuse; but lie | felt that to do so! would be a clear infraction | uf Inn promise to Alice. '? 'How should I know where they are?' exclaimed Grif, brushing at Jim's boots. '. You were there histnigbt, and they were there last-night.- You and 'the girl have been together ? lots of times, and you- know well enough^' where thy're gone to; You're a pet of hers, I'm told;' ' She's been very good to mo, Ally has,' said Grif,- gently. '' Arid because o' that, you 1 don't think I'd let on where they are, do you ? I You don't think I'd let on, if I knew, do you ? 1 No, I'd lnivo my tongue cut out first. ' ' L'll ti.'iir it out and pitch-it down your throat, if* yon talk- to us lite that,' said the Oysterni:1.!!, fiercely. ' Wii: you?' Haid GWf, standing up. 'Or you'll pixen me, the same a.s you pizened my dawg ! YonM like to, wouldn't yon'? And beeiuisft o' that, if I didn't have no btht-r reason, I wo'uldh't tell you where Di.k Hand field 'is, if I knew where you could put your hands :-n him this minute. There !' 'You won't tell us?' asked Jim.' ' No,'1 answered Grif, bravely. 'Jim' -looked darkly at him, avd giving tho stand a-^kick; sent -tho blacking-bottle, tlia brushes, and Grifs boots, rolling in the gutter; and, while Grif was Imsy picking them up, he took his companion's aim- and walked away. I This was uot an encouraging beginning to i Grif's honest career,. and dark doubts-entered m his mind as to whether he really' had made a ? If change for the better. k ' What's the use 'of beiu' moral,' he grurn- K bled, as. he rearranged his stand, ' if this is E the way I'm to be served? They've soon E found out that Dick Hiindtield's gone ; and E ain't tliey rnad at it, neither! It's a good job 1 he went away to-dny. Old Flick will be mad, E .too, at buyiri' the. bad note. It's a reg'lar % game, th-.it's what it is. I'm precious hungry. If I wish r was near the confectioner's. I'd go j| and arks foi u pie. 'But , l'll sec it out. 1 B promised Ally I would, ami I will. Hallo I K what do you want.' ' e This was addressed to a boy, if possible B dirtier jukI more ragged than Grif himself. 1 liideed, diit and this hoy hail become so in- 1 sqmrdble that he. was known by the .siiii|ilii i but .expressive name, of Dirty Bob. Now, |j Dirty Bob had seen Grif take up his stand, i and had disdain fully watched him wait for 1 customers. Iu Dirty (Bob's eyes Grif was a 1 renegade, a sneak, for setting up asashoi* 1 black. And he determined to show his din- i clain in his own particular way. He pat* 1 sessed only one' sixpence in the woi Id, and he 1 resolved to ispend it luxuriouJly. E 'Oh, it's 'you, Dirty Bob, is it?' said Grif. 1 ' 'Ses, it's me,' responded Dirty Bob, Loftily. I '' SVhat do you want ?'' asked Grif. I ' What do I wiintf echoed Dirty Bob. i ' Why, you're a bootblack, ain't you ?'' i ' Yes,' replied Grif, with dignity. 'I'm a i moral shoeblack now.' B 'Hoi crikey!' exclaimed; Dirty Bob. i ' What do you call yoursulf'l' . § 'I'm a moral shoeblack,' repeated Grif, If with an' inclination to punch Dirty Bob's g head. '..,.'. '.'.', I ''Ere's a go !' cried Dirty Bob. ' A moral I shoeblack, are you. Well, t bun, clean mr ? boots, and iiiind you clean 'em morally ;' and he flopped upon tho stand a foot encased in a boot in the very last stage of decay. In Grit's eyes this was a humiliation, arid he almost quite made up his mind to pitch into Dirty Bob ; but the thought that by so doing lie might jnjirre his character as a moral shoeblack, restrained him. . 1 ' Now, then,' exclaimed Dirty Bob, ' what I are you waiting for? Clean my boots, d'yu 1 heal i! W hat are you blockin' up. tho stieet | for if yoifwon't clean a genelman's boots when 1 you're told ?' ? . i ' W hero's your tanner?' asked Giif, I gloomily. \ .- . | ''Ere it is,' replied Dirty Bob, producing | it. 'It's a good un ; it's the only one I'vu i got, but I'm .goin! to spend it 'spectably and ? genteelly. Brush away.' i After a little uncomfortable communing, i Grif spat upon his brush, and .commenced to i rub, submitting silently tp the scornful obser- | vations of Dirty Bob. ' . ..'.'.. |j ' I say, sir,' observed Dirty Bob' (and be | it remarked that the 'sii' was a nettle which | stung Gi if shai ply) ; ?'« I say, sir, do you want | a 'prentice^' ''';?''' I 'I don't want none of your cheek,' said Ej Giif, rubbing so smartly, that he almost I rubbed off the upper leather ; 'that's what I, I don't want, so you'd better hold your jaw.' I ' I beg your pardon, sir,' said Dirty Bob, I meekly ; 'I forgot that 1 was speakin' to onu I of the Hupper Class. And ho! sir!' he ex- I claimed, in a tone' of anguish, ?« don't tell the I perlice, or they'd put me in quod for cheekiu' I a moral shoeblack.' , ,. I 'There; your boots are done !' ejaculated .' I the disgusted Grif. ' Where'a'jthe tanner/f' I ' Don't you think, sir,' said Dirty Bob, I surveying his boots critically, 'that one on I 'em is a little more 'polished than t'other?- I Wpuld you please make 'em even, and give I this cove au jther rub V . I Grif commenced again rubbing viciously. I ' Ho ! don't rub so 'ard, sir,', exclaimed I Dirty Bob. ' I was brought up very tender, I I, .was, and I've got a wopping corn .,on_ my . I bit; toe. Thankey, sir! .''Ere's the, tanner; I and when your .Lord Mayor, don't forget I Dirty Bob!' ,'. , , . j Ami he walked off, whistling. It wan late in the day now, ho Grif prepared to, close business.. His^ heart was not very light, for the first sixpence he had honestly earned in his life had been earned jwith a sense of bitter humiliation. . , '?';? '-,...? To be Continued. 