Torrres dbeam. ? i- » A Chbisthas Stobt fob Young ahs Osb. Ths' ops and. downs' of fife are generally beKered to be a very common experience ; bat they -coinldtcarco' : )y have beah'So with Sea Sparrow, beiad ao very. many downs, and ao very few ups (if any) is tbe course of las career. ' r till ho managed to ploi on somehow or .other, until the present time, when he and bis grand danghtera are living together in the email house of which the grocer's shop forms part This short biography beine oonc'nAed, we come upon Sen S{wm-w, tilting in his parlor. Tbe only other person in the room is Tottie, who is perched on a high chair, with a rail in front, to prevent her making an attempt to walk in the air, and whose attention U divided between tbe old man and certain sweet thing* which are spread upon the table. Such as three large fat figs— luscious jonng fellows, new, ripe, and with so tempting an air about them as to make their destruc tion appear inevitable. Such as half a dozen or so sticks of cinnamon, not as fresh-looking as the figs, beiBft indeed rather wrinkled specimens of spice ; but notwiths:nndiog their Buuffy color, they have an invi ting odonr flboat them, and tickle the nose tantiJiztogly. Such as a few dozen of plump dried currants, of extjui a'te sweetness. Such as two or three bandies o? mns catel raisinB, rich-looking, prices among grapes, with a bloom npon their skins, which speaks eloquently cf luscious juices within. (Tottie'a eyei wander to th^se and her mouth waters, and her finger* wait but for the opportunity. If some ' kind fairy would but 017 shop !' now, and call for a quarter of a pound of brown sugar, or an ounce of tea— the best one aud-four penny— or a ha'porth of barley sugar ! But businesn is slack, as Ben Sparrow will tell you. with a doloful ehnke of the head, and there appears no such fairy, in tVio form of af-lattern with shoes down at heel or of a bold girl wilh a baby in brr arms, or of a glitter student, capless, with straggling hair, or of a weak eyed man with shaking limbs. No euch fairy calls ?'Shop !' in Tottie'B interest, and taps the counter with, the nimble penny, .-uch as two whole halves (the prettiest of pnraiioxe?)!o£ candied lemon peel, wifct Bach an appetizing fragrance oozing out of them, w'th such de icious patches of sugar c iugin^ to their alder manic itisi'iejand oats Was— poar!fl in muse'es ore value less at a comparison - that the precious things of tie world, such as dolls and boxes of wooden Boldiers (would they were all no 1), and oyster shells and pieces of broken china to play at dinners and teas trith, fade in tue contamp'ation of them, r-ucb, to conclude with, as a few shreds of maca, and a clove or tiro —scarcely worth mentioning in the presence of their superiors. Theec -de ec able jnye of life being ep ead up;n t e table, immediately umler Tottie'a nose, and ioitie's attention being divided between them and their lawful owner, Ben Sparrow, it will not be difficult to seewhiab of the two possessed the greater charms for her. A rapid glance at Ben Sparrow's fa--e. a lingering -raze upon fruit and spice, another rapid glance (with a slight reproach in it this time) at Ben Sparrow's too/, and, finding no benevolent intention there a, more fixed and longing gaze upon the treasures of the earth— thus it goes on mthotit a word on either side (the thoughts of each being so intensely engrossing), and thus it ; might have continued for goodness knows how long, but that Ben Sparrow, with a cheery laugh, taps Tottie's cheek with his forefinger, and cries, in a tone of satisfaction, 'Now I've got it!' (Tottie wishes she had } 'Now I've got it,' cries the old man again; 'all complete.' Tottie iihifts restlessly in her high chair 'And Tottie shall see me makeifeayo Ben, with beaming face, rubbing iiis^'hnnds, and shifting the fruit and spice about, much the same as if thoy form pieces offtpuzz'e. and he bas found the key to it, 'Espe- cially,' adda Bon, 'as Icttie will sit still, and won't tonch ' ' No, I never !' exclaims Totlie. This is Tottie'e oath, which she ia much given to swearinsr when her honor is called into question. Tot tie'o ' No, I never !' ia, in her estimation, worth a vo'ame of affidavits : but it is much to be foarcd that her cense of moral obligation is not of a bighordsr. ' And as Tottie's a good iittle girl—' ' Tottie's a good little girl !' Thoro is no expression of doubt iu tha norta of the head with which Tottis strengthens this declara tion. ' And '11 sit still, slie sli.iil sec me oake it.' The good old fellow laughs. He does not seem to re alize hnw difficult is the task he has sot Tottie. To sit fltil!, with these treasures in view!' ' ? ' You see, Tottie.o says Ben, taking her into his confidence, ' businoss is very slack, and Christmas is oomiiig, Tottie,' Tottie gives a nod of acquiescence. 'So I think to mys-jlf,' another nod from Tottie; Bhe also is thinkin? to hereof, ' if I can put something in [the window that'll [make the peoplo look at the Jigs,' Hera Tottie introduces rm artful piece of diplomacy. ' Tottie can Bpoll fig,' she says, and proceeds to do it smiliuRiy— ' F-I-G, fig.' But Ben, intent upon hU schenio, does not sea the point of Tottio'a interruption nnd proceeds: '—Something that'll mako 'cm lo^k at the figs and the currants and theraisins — somet'iing new an j spicy (U n laughs at tfcis joke, and repeats it)— 'toine- tliingnow and spicy ; perhaps it'll mike 'em up, nnd bring 'm in litre instead of goiegto another shop. For they want waking up, Tottie, they want wakinj up badly,' Solemn nods from Tottio proclaim the serious con sideration the has given to the gen ral sleepiness aud indifference of Bon rpanow's customers. Eon Sparrow picks up a fat currant aid contem plates it with as much in iereat (is a geologist would contemplate a new fossil. Tottie's eyes follow his movo ments ; Bhe Bits like Puthnc:' on a monument, an-i an other sigh escapes her as B--n Sparrow (again abstract edly) puts tbe cutront in his mcuth and swallows it. Dmw a Veil mercifully over Tottie's feeling*. ' It was In the middle of the night,' says Ben Spar row, withal! the imprcssiveness deinandai by the fcis torical f not, ' that I ! first thought of making ma, and putting mo in tho window to attract custom, I tree a good deal puzzled about my 1-go, and my stomach got into my held nud I cauldn't get it oat; but little by little all my limbs aud every other part of mo came to me until the idea was complete. Aud now we'll try it, now we'll Bet to work and make ft man ? And if you're a good girl and 'U sit still you shall see me made.' Totlie's experience in literature is my limited and she knows nothing of tho terrible story of 1'Vrnikenatcin, therefore she is not at all frightened at the idea that it will turn out to be a monster. Ou the contrary, if Ben Sparrow's thoughts wou'd only take a benevolent turn of mind in the shape of a fig f-r Tottie or & few p!ums for Tottio, or some caudied sugar for Tottie, she would be prepipod to c-cjoy the feat winch Een in about to nerform as muck ks if it were the best bit of fun in the world, ' Now then,' csmmences Bon, with 0, whimsical glance at Tottie, who smiles back at him like a true diplomatist ' I don't know what part is generally made first, but perhaps it'll be as well to commence with the stomach. Here it is - here's my stomach.' He takes one of the halveB of the candiei lemon peel, and places it before him, round side up. 11 There's a little too much sugar in me,'' wilh a more whimsical gUnco than the first ; ' it'll make me rather too heavy, I'm afraid. And besides, Tottie, it aint true to nature. My inside o-int got such a coating as this.' He breaks a pieco ot candied sugar frjm the inside of his stomach, looks nt Tettia, notices her wistful eyes, and gives it to her. She eats it eagerly, end eo quickly as to cause amazement to Ben Sparrow, who says, ' You shouldn't eat so last, Tottie. Good little girls don' teat so Cast as that.' , .? Tottio, with feminine duplicity, accepts thii warintig in an inverted sense, and cries with her mouth full of sugar, . ' ' ?'? '? Tottie's adood lit'.le girl,' as if indorsing a state ment mode by her grandmother. Bat Tottio' s thoughts are not upon -the good iittle girl ; at tbe present moment she resembles a savage. She has tasted blood, and thirsts for more. ' It's a fatter stomach than mine,' nroceods Ben, laying hand upon hii stomaoh of flcBh, tho stomach be came into the world with ; ' it's 'sounder and plumper, and would fit the Lord Mayor or alderman, but it'll do, I dare say. Now for my neck.' He picks tbe thickest piece of cinamon, and measures it with his eye, breaking tbe stick in two. ' I mnsn't mike my neck too long— nor too short -aHd I take the thickest piece, Tottie because it's got to support my head. Like this.' He makes a hole in theend of the lemon peal, and sticks the cinnamon in firmly. ' Now to stick my head on Tottie.' He eeletts the largest of the fat figs, and attaches it to bis neck 'What's tbe next thing r My eyes to ba sure. Currants.' BcmarkaBly li«o eyes do they look when they are inserted in the fase of the fat fig. Then he takes a clove f r his nose, and making a thin slit in the fig for his mouth, inserts an appropriate mor sel of mace. AH this bring successfully accomplished, he holds himvdf up (as far as he goes) for bit own and lottie's inspection and approval. Tottie clapa her hand* and laughs, bat subsides iu a quieter humor at n guilty thought that steals into her mind. She thinks what a del'ghtful thing it would be to take her gratd atber (as far as he goes) and cat him, bit hy bit, ' I begin to look ehip-shapa.' ohserrfs Ben Sparrow, gazing admiringly at the unfinished effigy of himself. ' You bob, Tottie, what the people want nowadays is novelty— something new, 'something they haven't seen before. Give them that and you're all right. Now iere it is— here's jnovaity— here's something they've never aeon btforo , and if this don't bring custom I dont know what will.' Tottie gives a grave and si ent assent ; she cav not speak, for her mind is bent upon cannibalism. She is ready to tear the old man limb from limb. -. 'Bit,' continues Bon Sparrow, unconscious of ih horrible thought at worlin the mind of the*pparently innocent child. .feeforij^ttin* ' JiivoBt Jget juong with mjae'f or-Ishall never hefinifihoa.- Ihave'nt beenin any iiattle that I know of, and I wasn't born, a cripple so 111? limbs must be. all tight when I appear in public Now for my arms. More cinnamon ? I think I may oa'lcinnampn mj bones.' ; 'U'I.en two pieces of cinnamon are stack into the'sides of tbe candied lemon peel, they look bo naked that he ?ays. . ? '. ??.. ? ' I must put sleeves on my arms.' And impales raisins npon 'them, nnd Bticts &7c small slips of maee in each of the raisins which serves for fingcre. 'Now for my Jsg-a, and there I am. More cinnamon I'* Two sticks of cinnamon stuck in the bot'om of his candled Btbmaoh, and then clothed with raisins, form his legs, and there he is complete. ; ' I think Fil do,' he taya complacent ly. ; At this moment a voice ca\ls ' Shop ! ' and a fairy. in the shape of a shoeless, ragged girl, tap* upon tbe counter. Ben Sparrow goes into the ebop to serve, and Tottie is left alone with hi* effigy. Now it has been mentioned that Tottie has a vice, and this is it; she is afflicted, not with a raging 'tooth, but wich a tooth to sweet as to weaken her moral sense, so to speak, she i« unable to resist temptation when it presents itself to her in the shape of sweetmeats and fruit, and her notions an to tbe gacrednesB of suchlike property ore ao loose t mt (00 one being by to see her do it) she helps herself. Shutting her eyes, Tottie stretches out her baod, and plunking her - grandfather's left leg bodily from his c-ndied stomach, instantly devours it, cionamso, ra'Bina, and all— ana has just made tbe last gulp when Ben Sparrow, having sorved bin customer, re-enters the parlor. Ha ensts a puzzled look at his dismembered effigy, nnd mutters, ' Well ! if I didn't think I had made my two legs, may I be sugared !' Which sweet oath is exactly appropriate to the occasion. Then he turns to Tottie, w 30 ia gazing u consciously at vacancy, »i h a wooder fullylntfijfeexprosawi in her ores, aod she immediately shako 1 her head piteoasly. and cri s, ' No, I nover ! no, Iuover !' Ben Sparrow, hurinjr hii doubts aroused by this vehement asseveration i.f iuuocnco, e^ys mournfully, ?' Oh, Tottio ! Tottie ! I didn't ihink you'd do it ! To begin to eat j»b np like that !' But Tottie shakes her lioal vehemently, nod despe rately reiteral«», ' No, I nsver '. uo, I never !'' Den Sparroiv, with a crave faoa, mates Kinself another leg, moving hiaiself, however, out of Tottie's reach with reproachful significance, An uurx;-ected difficulty occurs at thin point. Beinp; top-heavy, he can no* balanne himse f up~n his legs ; bus Keu i-* of an ingenious turn of nui.d.nud he hits upon the expedient of (boring himself up from jekirm with stout Bttcka of cinii moo. Then, Betting himself up, he gazea nt him self in admiration. Totte's eyes a-e aleo fixed cpon tbe effigy ; it possesses a horrible fascination for her. TOTTIE'B DBS AH. When rottie was put to bed, it was no wonder that she was haunted by the sweet effigy 0! old Ben Sparrow, aud that hisjstomach of candied lemon pec', and his head of rich figs and currants, presented themselves to her in the most tempting shapes aud forms her warm imagina tion could devise. A a she lav iu bed, looking at the rush light in the washhand-basin, the effigy appeared bit by bit in front of the ba«in until it was complete, and when it winked one of its currant eyes at her— as it actually did— the light of tbe candle threw a, lialo of glorly over the form Her eyes wandering to the mantel shelf, sbe sair the effigy come out of the wall and stand in the middle of the shelf; and turning to the table, it rose from beneath it, nnd sat comfortably down, with its legs of cinnamon and raisins tucked under it like a tailor. When she clos«d her eyeB, nhe saw it loom in tbe centre of dilating rainbow circles, nnd in tbe centre of dork- coloured disks, which as they swelled to larger proportions, assumed hright bordering* of colour, for the express purpose of setting off more vividly the attraction of the figure. Whichever way, indeed, Tottie'B eyes turned, she san- him, until the room toi full of him and his sweetness, and with his multiplied image iu her mind she fell asleep. No wonder that she dreamed of him. Tottie and Bessie slept ia the same room, nnd Tottio dreamed that long after she fell ailoep— it must have bs-vn long nfter, for Bessie was in bed —she woke up suddenly. There ehe was, lying in bed, wide awake, iu the middlo.of the sight. The room was dark, aud she con'd not^iea any thing, but she could hear Bessie's soft breathing. She was not frightened, as sho usually was iu the dark, for her attention was comp'etely engrossed by one fosli :g. In the next room slept old Ben Sparrow, who, .according to tho fancy of her rlream, wns uot male of bl. oi and flesh and bone, but of lemon peel, fijr, aud currants nnd raisins. All the sweet things in the shop had been employed in the manufacture, aud there they lay em hfidiaA In him Tottie know notbiugof theology j knew nothiDf; of the va^uo of her soul, which, without a ino.i -.pt's hetitatina, sbe wou'd have bartered for figs and candied lemon -icol. And there tho dulicious (liinga luy, iu the very next room. If she could only get there ! perhaps he -rouM not miss au arm or a l'g. But ti eat the old man who was so kind to her ! She had a dim pousciou-noj s of the wish, but she could not rid herself of it. Thought Tottie, ' He won't know, if he's irleep, aud pc:na^s it won't hurt him.' Her mouth watered, her ey':s glistened, her fingers twitched to be at him. her stomach cried out to her. She could net withstand the tempt ition. SJowly and tremblingly sho crept out of bed, nnd groped nlung the ground towards tbo docn*. Bessio w^p asleep. J'.vury bsdy was nsl»ep. The house was vc.y quiet, livery thins favoured the accoiup'iBhment of the horrible dood '?Nobody will know,' thought To'.tie Thoroughly engrossed in her desperate cannibalistic purpose, and with her t-eth grating agaiist ORch other. Totlie turned tbe handle of the door and opened it; but an she looked ! into the dork passage lieu Sparrow's door opened, and a sudden flo:d of light poured upon her. It eo dazzled ' her, and terrified her, tbat she fled back to her bed on ; all fours; and soramb'ed upon it with a t eating heart, ? and a face as white as a ghost's. Sitting there glaring i at the door, which she had loft partly open in her fright, ) ahe saw the light steal into the room, aud, flying in tho j midst of it, old Ben Sparrow. He was not quite as largo j as life, but he was ever so many times more sweet and I delicions-looking. As old Ben Sparrow appeared, the j room Tjeoame as light aa day. and Tottie noticed how j rich and luscious were the gigantic fig which formed his j head, the candied lemon peel which farmed his stomach, the raisins which clothed his legs and arms ; and as for. \ tbe ripeness'of his dork, btody, fruity eyes, there was i no form of thought that could truly express the temp- 1 tatioa that lay in them. Ben Sparrow hovered in the j air for a few moments, and then steadied himself, as it ; were ; he «tood bolt upright, and treading upon nothing, 1 advanced slowly and solemnly, and setting it down firmly j upon nothing before be could male up bis mind to move ' the other. In this manner he approached Tottie, r.nd ' sat down on her bed. For a little while Tottie was too j frightened to speak She held her breath, and waited with closed lips for him to s'.y something. But as 1 grandfather did not move or speak, her courage gradually j returned, and with it her craving for eomo of him Her I longing could on'y bo satisfied in one way. Timorously., she reached out her band toward bis face; h^i did not stir. Toward his eyes ; he did not wink. Her linger ' touched hiB eye ; it did not quiver— and out it camn and J was in her band ! Her heart throbbed with fearful . ecstasy, as with averted head she put the terrible rnoreel j in her mouth. It was delicious. Sho chewed 'it and ] swallowed it with infinite rolish, and, when it was gone, - thirsted for its fellow. She looked timidly at the old - man. There was a queer expression iu Lis fig face. I which the loss of one of his eyes hud doubtless imparted 1 toitP 'It3oesh't eeem' to hurt him,*' thought 'i'cttas. : Her eager fingers were soon close to the remaining eye, 't and out that came, and was disposed of in like manner. ' Tottie certainly never knew bow good Ben -Sparrow was ' until the present time, Bhe had always loved him, bnt - never bo much as now. Tha eye'ess face had a mournful ' expression upon it, and seemed to soy, sadly, ' Hadn't I you better' take me next?' Tottie clutched it des- 1 perately. It wagged at her, and . from its ' mace lips a murmur seemed to issue, 'Ob, , Tottie ! Tottie ! To serve me like this '.' But Tottie was ravenous. No fear of consequences could ' stop him, now that she had meted him, aud found how 1 sweet he was. Sbe shut her eyes nevertheless, a?, in 'c the execution of her murderous purpose, she tugged at i. bis head, which, when she had torn from his body, ehe . ate bit by bit with a rare and fearful enjoyment. When , she looked again at the headless figure of tbe old man, j one of the legs moved briskly and held itself out tohar, ? with an air of ' Me next I'' in the action. But Tottie, ;? hungering for the lemon-peel stomach, disregarded the Invitation. It was difficult to get the stomach off, it was so tightly fixed to its legs. When Bhe succeeded tbe arms came with it, nnd she broke them off short at the shoulder- blade 'and thought she heard a groan as she performed the cruel operation But her heart was hardened, and sbe continued her feast without remorse. How delicious it was ! She was a long time disposing of it, for it was Tory large, but at length it was all eaten, aud not a piece of candied sugar was left. As sbe sucked her fingers with delight, a sense of the wickedness of what she had done come upon her. Her grandfather, who bad always been bo kind to her ! t be began to cry and tremble, Bat the arms and legs re mained. They must be eaten. Something dieadfn1 would bo done to her if they were discovered in her bed ; so with feverish haste she devi-nred the limbs. And now not a trace of the old man.remained. She had devoured him from head to foot. She would never see him again — never, never ! How dreadfal the table looked, -with him not on it ! How Tottie wished Bhe hadn't done it ! hhc woe appalled at tho contemplation of bergm't nnd ly tbe 1 bought of hoiy she weald be pnnislied if sho was found out. In the midst of these fears the light in the room vanished, and oblivion fell npon Tettie.— B. L. Faboeon. 