3Döe Courier PUBLISHED DAILY. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1873. WE seem to be fast approaching that period so emphatically deprecated by BURKE when the consideration is not how the nation's business shall be carried on, but how those who ought to carry it on shall be able to cabal and to circumvent. This must always be the case when men depart from first principles and make the convenience of the business of the day furnish the principle for doing it. Then, in the language of that great statesman and powerful writer, " the whole Ministerial cant is quickly got by heart-the prevalence of faction is to be lamented-all opposition is J to be regarded as the effect of envy and disappointed ambition, and men are taught to support any or every Administra- tion, not because of the eminence of the men composing it or the goodness of their known measures, but because that aid will bring with it certain benefits to the supporters, and thus make the measure of good government its capacity to pay for doing thought so. They who are foolish enough to be led by such pretexts may expect their reward, whether individuals, or corporations, or constituencies. " They are delivered up into the hands of those who feel neither respect for their persons nor gratitude for their favors ; WHO are put about them in appearance to serve in reality to govern them, and, when the signal is given, to abandon and destroy them, in order to set up some new dupe who in his turn is to be abandoned and destroyed." The description and the warning ought not to be without value to some who have been active amongst us of late in canvassing pretence of a search for a policy which does not exist, but in practice of inducement which has no policy save the benefit of they who employ it. We can hardly imagine such exertions to be made or countenanced by any Government but one intrinsically weak, and which felt its weakness : certainly not by any Government which had distinct principles known and avowed to fall back upon instead of being compelled to direct a sort of crusade for the means of being able to propound such as might be acceptable. A strong Government would not need such measures-an honest Government would not use them or countenance their use. These observations are trite, but to use the phrase of one of the late CHARLES DICKENS' best characters, the value of them lies in the application thereof. The constituencies o." Brisbane and Ipswich, of East and West Moreton, will be at no loss to make it. A Government must be said to be weak when it is not able to command the confidence of its own supporters, either by the avowal of a new policy which they intend to carry out or by reference to past conduct which furnishes a guarantee for future performance. We believe that the present Ministry must be rather puzzled to reconcile the opposing opinions necessarily held by its different members as to their policy in the present crisis. For their new course is certainly opposed to the deliberately expressed opinions of the Premier when a vote of want of confidence was moved upon a former occasion, and their determination to hold office is equally contrary to the course coincided in by one of his colleagues on the same occasion. What may be thought by the Ministers who have depended on the weight and influence of these two for an official existence is of little consequence except as being illustrated by the exertions made by some of them in the direction indicated above, and whose results will no doubt be in accordance with the observations made with reference to those exertions. We must remember that the only policy we have yet disclosed by the Ministry is that of action upon this crisis, and the opinions and conduct to which we are about to refer bear expressly upon both. On the 7th of August, 1867, a new Par- liament, elected at the instance of the then MACALISTER Administration, met for the first time and on Mr. FRANCIS moving the usual address in reply to the Governor's Speech, the Ministry were met by an amendment from Sir R E. MACKENZIE, which was in effect a motion for a vote of want of confidence. A debate which lasted till the 14th ensued and in the course of that debate a gentleman, who had not then ?lipld office, made a very effective speech on behalf of the Opposition. Speaking on the 13th, Mr. PALMER is reported to have said " The Ministry must be very well aware, even if the amendment were not carried, that, looking at the style of support they had received from many honorable members of the House, Zietz had not the most distant ghost of a chance of a working majority and looking at their position in that way, they must feel that it became their duty to resign." Now this we look upon as a sound Constitutional dictum. It is strictly in accordance with the principles repeatedly laid down, that a weak Government is necessarily a mischievous and will probably be a corrupt one. Mr. PALMER supplies us with an unexceptionable definition of a weak Government-one unable to preserve a working majority." The practices of the last few days suggest that the consequences probable to a weak Government have been fully felt. When the division occurred, the MAC A LISTER Administration were in a majority of two. The day after, that gentleman met the House, and informed it, for himself and his colleagues, that looking at the probability that they would not be able to command a working majority for the policy they had announced, they had felt it their duty to resign. There is this difference to be sure in the circumstances of the then and the present Ministry: That had a policy of principle ; this is waiting to find one out. But whatever the causes may be, the result, it is well known, will be the same. No working majority can be com- , manded by the Government. 1 Now at that time Mr. BELL was Secretary for Lands in the MACALISTER Administration, and no doubt concurred in the | resolution of his Premier. He was in the House when it wMitnade, and he did not I contradictNit. Thus we find that in 1867 ' Mr. PALMER emphatically declared an opinion, and Mr. BELL, sitting on the opposite side as a Minister, concurred in its : correctness and practically in giving it effect. Will either of those gentlemen tell us why the course of both is now in direct contradiction to that opinion and that conduct ? We are fortified in referring to their course at that time because we find in the same volume in which the record of it is preserved, a very solemn declaration, made by a gentleman of whose sincerity and con- sistency we, in common with all the world, have a very high opinion, and he is also a member of the present Ministry. Referring to the speeches of the mover and seconder of the Address, Mr. WALSH observed : " They got out with the most mischievous and fatal doctrine, he believed, that any statesman could indulge in, namely, that past legislation and past legislators were not to be remembered. Now he took it that it was only by history that they were able to see what their proceedings should be. He thought it would be as futile and absurd to recommend every fresh mariner who came up to Brisbane nottoregard-not to see the beacons and buoys that were placed where previous navigators had discovered rocks and shoals not to hood them, as it was to tell a fresh Parliament not to heed the acts of those who had gone before them. On the contrary, it was their duty to attend to such things, and he called on honorable members to remember that it was a very solemn duty they were called upon to discharge in doing so." We are far from desiring to call attention to Mr. WALSH'S political history, but we quite concur in his doctrine. We read the course of the present Ministry in the light of their leader's opinion and their Treasurer's conduct upon a very important and analogous occasion. We ask them in the discharge of " a very solemn duty to follow the same on this, and if they have any scruple we are sure it will be dispelled by the adjurations of their solemn and retrospective colleague to read his warnings there, and of course to act upon them now. 