THE NOVELIST. WITHIN THE MAZE, [BY THE AUTHOR OP " EAST LYNNE."] CHAPTER XXXIII.-ANN HOPLEY STARTLED. Tbe morning's sun was chasing tho dew from the grass ; and the lawn at the Maze, glittering so brightly ni the welcome rays, told no tales of the strange feot that had. unbidden and unsuspected, trodden it in the ni"ht. Mrs. Grey, looking wondrously pretty and deli cate ia her whito morning gown, with her golden hair as bright as tho sunshine, sat at breakfast in a little room whose window was beside tho entrance porch. Her baby, wide awake, but quiet and good, lay covered up on a sofa in its night-dress. ¡Sliewns talking to it as she ate her breakfast, and the widc-opcu little eyes were turned to her as if it understood. " Good little darling ! Sweet, gentío baby ! It does not scream and fight ns other babies do ; no never. It it mamma's own precious treasure-and mamma is going to dress it presently, and put on it- pretty worked robe. Oh, baby, haby!" sho broke off, her mood changing, and the distress nt her heart rising to the surface, above the momentary make believe dallianco, "if wo could but be at rest as others are ! We should bc happier than tho day has hours in it." Tho accession of illness, attacking Sir Adam on tho previous day, the great risk they ran in calling in a doc tor to him, had shaken poor Bose's equanimity to the centre. She strove to be brave always for his sake ; she had been in tho habit of keeping in, ns well as she co«ld, the signs of tho dread that ever lay upon her, and sho had done so in a dogree yesterday. But in tho evening, when tho doctor had safely gone, and the day and its troubles were over, sho had yielded to a sudden lit of hysterical weeping. Her husband cime into the room in the midst of it. He partly soothed, partly scolded her ; where was tho use of fretting, ho asked ; better talco matters ns they carno. With almost convulsive efforts she swallowed her sobs ¡ind dried lier eyes ; and turned the tables on him by gently reproaching him with getting up, wheu _ Dr. Cavendish had peremptorily en joined him to stay in bcd. ï^ir Adam laughed at that ; sayiug he felt none the worse for his fainting fits, or whatever it was, and was not going to lie-a-bed for all thc doctors in Christendom. The cheery morning sun is a great restorer-a glad dening comforter ; and Bose felt its inilueuco. During her sleepless night, nothing could bo more disheartening nothing more gloomy, than the view pervading her mind ; but this morning, with that glorious light from Heaven shining on all things, sho and the earth alike revived under it. Ono great thing she folt incessant thankful ness for ; it was a real mercy-that that miserable visitation of tho detective and his policemen had not been delayed to the day of Sir Adam's illness. Had they caught him in bed, no earthly power, she thought, could have saved him Karl, stealing over for a few minutes at night, to soe for himself what this alarm of increased illness of his brother's could mean, had warned them both to be prepared, for ho had reason to fancy the search initrht be repeated. " This spot is getting more dangerous day by day," murmured Boso to herself, pouring out another cup of tea. " Oh, if we could but get away from it ! London itself seems as though it would bo safer than this." She proceeded with ber meal verylslowly, her thoughts buried in schemes for their departure. Of late she had been over weaving a web of possibility for it, a cunning plan of action ; and she thought sb" had formed one. If necessary she would stay on at the Maze with her baby oh, for months-for years even- so that Adam could but get away. Until this man, the detective more feared by her, moro dreadful to contemplate than any man born into the world yet-should take his departure from the place, nothing might be attomped ; they could only remain still and quiet ; taking what precautions they could against surprise and recapture, and she praying always that her husband might be spared this last crowning calamity ; beyond which, if it took place, there would never moro be anything iu this world but blank despair. Ann Hopley was upstairs, making the beds, and attending to matters there generally. Until her room was ready, and the fire bad burnt up well tb dress tho baby by, Mrs. Grey would stay where she was : con sequently she was at full liberty to linger over her breakfast. There was something in tho extreme quiet ness of the little child, and in its passive face, that to a more experienced eye might have suggested doubts of its well-being ; a perfectly healthy iufnnt is apt to be as troublesome as it can be. Mrs. Grey suspected nothing. It had improved much since its baptism, and she sup posed it to bo getting strong and healthy. A soft, sweet, plaintive note escaped the child's lips. "Yes, my baby. Mamma has not forgotten you. Tho room will soon bo warm, and baby shall bo dressed, and then mamma will wrap it up well and wrap herself up, and sit out of doors in tho sunshine. And papa-" The words died off in a low wail of horror ; her heart seemed to die away in the faintness of Eick despair. Something like a dark cloud had passed the window shutting out for n moment the glud sunshine on the grass. It was Mr. Detective Strange : and, following closely on his heels, were the sumo two policemen, both of them this time in official clothes. They had come through tho maze without warning, no doubt by tho help of tho passe-partout, and were making swiftly for the ontranee-door-that lay open to tho morning air. Her supposition was that they had fathomed Adam'B system of concealment. " God help us ! God save and protect us !" breathed tho poor wife, clasping her hands, and ovory drop of blood going out of her ashy face. Mr. Straugo, who bad seen lier through the window, was in tho room without a moment's delay. Ho was courteous as beforo ; bo meant to bo as considerate ns tho nature of his mission allowed him to bo ; and oven before ho had spoken a word, the keen, practised oye took in the visible signs. The small parlour, affording no possibility for tho concealment of Salter ; tho baby on the sofa ; the breakfast, laid for ono only, of which Mrs. Groy was partaking. Ho was very sorry to bo obligod to intrudo upon her again ¡ but ho had orders once moro to search the Mazo, and could but obey them. And ho bogged her to boliovo that she herself, individually, should be sub jected to no annoyance or restraint. Sho mado no answer ; sho could collect neither thoughts nor words to do so in her terrible fear. Mr. Strange retreated with a bow and closed tho door again, making a mental comment upon her evident distress, her ghastly looks. "Thoru'sno ínistnko, I think, that ho is ready to our hands thia time ; lier i'ncu alono would botray it. Tho . curious thing is-whore was ho beforo ?" , Ann lloploy had finished the room3, and was kneel ing hofore the fire iu lior mistress's chamber, coaxing an obstinate pioco of coal to burn, and blowing tit it with hor lips with all her might, when a slight noise caused her to turn. Thoro stood Mr. Strittige, a policeman at his elbow. Sho hud not hnarri tho outmuce. Up she got, und stood staring ¡ unable to boliovo her oyos, and startled almost into screaming. But she know how much lay upon her- almost lifo or death, Goodness bless me !" cried sho, speaking freely, as she strove to brave it out, and shaking inwardly. " Whatever brings you folks here again ?" " Wo have to go through the house once moro." " How did you get in ?" " Quito legally," replied Mr. Strange. " I have to do my duty." So entirely was she unprepared for this, and perhaps fearing that in her state of dismayed perplexity she might let fall some dangerous word of admission, feel ing «Iso that she could do no good to her master by staying, but might do no harm, Ann Hopley withdrew, after giving the fire a gentío lift with the poker, and went down to the kitchen with a cool air, as if resolved not to let the affair interrupt her routine of work. Taking up a small basket of what she would have termed "fine thing," recently washed, consisting of caps and bits of lace, and such like articles pertaining to tho baby, she carried it out of doors beyond tho end of the lawn, and beean putting the things on goose berry bushes to dry. Old Hopley was pottering about there, doing something to tho celery bed. The police man left on guard below, and standing so that his sight could command all things, surveyed her movements with a critical oyo. She did nob go out of his sight, but came back with tho basket nt once. While spreading tho things, she had noted his watching her. " I daresay I'm a kind of genteel prisoner," ran her thoughts. " If I attempt to go where thoso ugly eyes of his could'nt follow me, he mighfcëbo for ordering me back, for fear I should bo giving warning to the master that they aro hero. Well, wo can do nothing ; it is in Heaven's hands ; bettor they came in to-day than yes terday !" Mr. Detective Strango had rarely felt surer of any thing thnn he wns that ho should 'find Philip Salter in bed, and capture him without the slightest difficulty in his sick state, it was not so to be. Very much to his amazement, there appeared to be no sign whatever of a sick man in the place. The rooms were all put in order for the day, the beds made ; nothing was different from what it had been at the time of his previous entrance. Seek ns ho would, his practised eye could find no truce nay, no possibility-of any biddon chamber, lu fact, there was none. " Where the deuce eau tho fellow bo ?" mused Mr. Strange, gazing about him with a thoughtf id air. Tho underground places were visited with as little success, though the search ho made iras minuto and careful. He could not understand it. That Salter had not been allowed time to escape out of doors, so rapid was their approach, he knew ; but, neverthidcss, the trees and grounds wore well examined. Hopley lifted his poor bent back from his work in the celery-bed-from which, as thc watching policeman could have testified, ho had not stirred at nil-to touch his straw hat whon tho detective passed. Mr. Strange answered by a nod, but did not accost him. To question the deaf old mau would be only waste of time. There was somo mystery about all this ; a mystery ho-even ho-could notât present fathom. Just one possibility crossed his mind and was exceedingly unwel come-that Salter, alarmed by the stir that was being made, had in truth got away. Got away, in spite of the precautions that he, Strange, in conjunction with the police at Basham, had been for tho past day or two tak ing, secretly and unobserved. He did not believe it. He did not wish to believe it. And, in truth, itjseemed to him not to be possible, for more reasons than one. A man in the condition of health hinted at by Dr. Cavendish would be in no state for travelling. But still-with tho Maze turned, as he honestly believed, inside out, and showing no signs or trace of Salter, where was he ? This took up some time. Ann Hopley had got her pi-eparations for dinner forward, and answered tho but cher's bell and taken in the meat ; and by-and- by went across the garden again to cut two cauliflowers. She was coming back with them in her apron, when Mr. Strange met her and spoke. " I have a question or two to put to you, Mrs. Hop loy, which 1 must desire of you to answer-and to answer correctly. Otherwise I shall bo obliged to sum mon you before the magistrates and compel your answers on your oath. If you aro wise you will avoid giving me and yourself that trouble." " As far as answering you goes, sir, I'd as soon answer as bo silent," she returned, in a temperate but never theless injured tone. " But I must Bay that it puts my temper up to see an innocent and inoffensive young lady insulted as my poor mistress is. What has she done to be signalled out for such treatment ? If sho wore not entirely unprotected here, a lonn woman, you'd not dare to do it. You told her the other day you wero in search of one Salter ; and you know that you looked in overy hole and cornpr our house has got, and must have satis fied yourself that no Salter was here. And yet, boro you come in, searching ngaiu !" " It was not Salter, I suppose, who was ill yesterday ; for whom Dr. Cavendish was telegraphed ?" rejoined Mr. Strange, significantly, having allowed her speech to run on to its end. " Perhaps you will tell mo that ?" " Salter ! That I'll take my oath it was not, sir." " Who was it, then ?" " Well, sir, it was no one that you could have any concern with." " I am tho best judge of that. Who was it ? Remem ber, I ask you in thc namo of the law, and you must answer mo." " That gentleman carno down on a short visit to my mistress, and was taken ill whilo he stayed. It frightened us out of our souses : it was a fainting-fit.or something of that sort, but ho looked for all tho world Uko a man doad ; and I ran off and telegraphed for a doctor." " Tho detective's eyes woro searching Anu Hoploy through and through. Sho did not flinch ; and looked innocent as tho day. " What has becomo of him ?" " Ho wont away again laßt night, sir." " Went away, did ho !"-in a mocking tone of incre dulity. " Ho did, sir. After tho doctor left, bo got up and dressed and came down, saying ho was botter. Ho didn't ficom to think much of his illuoss ; ho had boen as bad, he said, before. I confess I was surprised, myself, to hoar he was going away, for I thought him not well enough to travel. But I boliovo ho was obligod to go." " What was his namo ?" " I did not hear it, sir. He was hero but a few hours in all." " Look hore, Mrs. Hoploy ; if you will toll mo where that gentleman name from, and what his namo is, I will givo you live sovereigns " Her eyes opened, apparently with tho magnitudo of tho oiler. ' " I wish I could, Bir. I'm auro I should bo glad to I carn all that, if it were in my powor ; for I don't boliovo Hoploy will bo ablo to work over-much longer, and wo aro laying up what littlo we can. I think ho came from London, but I am not BUM : andi thiuk ho's going off to somo foreign country, for ho and my mistress wore talking of the sou. Sho wished him a good voyago and a safo lauding. I heard her." Tho detootivo paused. Was this truo or falso ? " What was his namo P Como, Mrs. Hoploy ?" " Sir, I havo said that I did not hear his name. He carno without our expecting him, or I might havo heard it boforeham1. My mistross called him'Edward ; hut of cottrso thai must bo his Christian mimo. I. uudorstood him to bo somo rolntionof hers." " I wondor what Hopley could tell mo of this ?" cried : the detective, looking nt.her. " Hopley could toll you nothing-but of course you aro welcome to ask him, if you please. Ilopley never saw him at all, as far as I know ; and I did not say auything to th« old man about it. If you question Hopley, sir, I must help you-you'd be a month mak ing him hear, yourself." ".How is it that you keep your husband ia ignorance of things -as you seem to do." " Of what things, sir ?" rejoined tho woman. "I'm sure I don't keep things from him : I have no things to keep. It's true I didn't tell him of this. I was uncom monly tired last night, for it had been a trying day, j and f nil of work besides ; und'it.tukes no little exertion, | I can testify, to make Hopley understand. One can't gossip with him as ono can with people who have got 1 their hearing." j This was no doubt true. The detective was fright- > fully at fault, and did not conceal from himself that ho ] was. The woman seemed so honest, soopen, so truthful and yet he could have staked his professional fame that there lay mystery somewhere, and that the sick man had not gone away. Instinct, prevision-call it what you will-told him that the man was lying close to his ; hand-if ho could only put that handout in the right direction and lay it on him. Bonding his head, ho took a few steps about tho grass : and Ann Hopley, hoping she was doun with, went into the kitchen with her cauliflowers. Letting them fall on to the dresser out of her apron, she gave a sharp look urouud, indoors aud out. The detective was then conversing with his two policemen whom he had called up. Now was her time. Slipping off her shoes- though it was not likely her footsteps could be heard out on tho lawn-she went across the passage, and opened the door of tho little room, from whichlMrs. Grey, in her fear and distress, had not dared to stir. "Mistress," she whispered, "I must give you the clue of what I have boen saying, lest they come and a«k you questions too. It would novor do for us to have j two tales, you one and me another. Do you miud me, ma'am?" " Go ou, Ann. Yes." " The sick gentleman came unexpectely yesterday, and was taken sick here. You und mo got frightened, and sent telegraphing off for a doctor. He got up after tho doctor left-said he was better-didn't seem to think much of his illness, said he had been as bad before. Weat away again at night ; had to go ; was going off to sea, I thought, as I heard you wish him a good voyage and safo landing, I didn't know his name, I said ; only beard you call him Edward; thought it was some near relation of yours. Can you remember all this, ma'am ?" " Oh yes. You had better go back, Ann. If they seo you talking to me-oh, go back! Ann, I-I feel as though I should die." " Nay, but you must keep up," returned tho woman, in a kind tone. I'll bring you in a beat-up egg with a drop of wine in it. And, ma'am, you mighty say ho was your brother, if they come to close 'questioning ; or brother-in-law. Don't fear. I'd lay all I'm worth they won't light upon the master. Twice they wont within a yard or two of him, but-" There was some noise. Ann Hopley broke off, closed tho door softly, stole back again, and slipped her feet into her shoes. In less than a minute, when one of the mon sauntered up, throwing his oyes through all the windows, Bbe was in tho scullery pumping water over her cauliflowers with as much noise as tho pump would make. Ann Hopley had judged correctly. Mr. Strange wont to the little room, knocking for permission to enter, and there held an audience of its mistress. Tho baby lay on her lap fast asleep. His questions were tended to get a confirmation -or contradiction-of tho servants roady tale. Mrs. Grey, though in evident tremor, and looking only fit for a ghost, had caught tho thread of her lesson well, and answered correctly. Some particu lars, she had to improvise ; for his questions were more minute than they had been to Ann Hopley. " His name ?- Grey. What relation ?-Brothcr-in lav. What did he come down for ? -To say good-byo before embarking for Australia. Where would he take ship ?-She did not know ; forgot ; oh, now she remein bored, it was Gravesend. Was she in the habit of seeing him ?-Not often. He was never long together in one place, always travelling about. But was ho in a fit state to travel ?-She did not know. Sho had thought he looked very ill and begged him to remain at least until to-day, but he said he could not as ha, might lose hiR ship. Did he como down to Foxwood by train?-Oh yes, by train ; thero was no other way. And go up by the train ?-To be suro. Which train ?-One of the evening trains ; thought it was past eight when he loft tho Maze." "It's time for my mistress to take her egg," inter posed Ann Hopley at this junction, entering the room with the said egg in a tumbler. " I suppose she's at liberty to doit." To this last little fling Mr. Strange answered nothing. Ann Hopley put the tumblor on tho table and withdrew. Poor Mrs. Groy looked too weak and ill to lift it to bor lip3, and let it stay where it was. " Gan it possibly bo true that you are still in search of Philip Salter ? here ?" sho asked, raising her trou bled oyes to tho detective's. " It is quito true," he replied. "And that you really beliovo bim to bo conconlcd hore ?" " Madam, I could stake my lifo upon it. She shook her head in feeble impotence, feeling how weak sho was to combat this fixed belief. It wns thc old Rtnry over again. Nevertheless, sho made ono moro effort. Mr. Strange was watching her. " Sir, I do not Know what to say, moro than I said beforo. But I declare to you onco again, as solemnly as I can 'ever speak anything in this lifo, as solemnly as I shall ono day have to answer before my Maker, that I know nothing of Philip Salter. Hu never was hero at all to my knowledge, hitor or earlier. Wby will you not leave mo in peace ?" Mr. Detective Strnngo began to think that ho should have to lnavo her in peace. Twice had ho carried this fortress by Btorm to search at will its every nook and corner ; and searched in vain. Armed with groat powor though ho was, the law would not justify these repeated forcible entries, and ho miuht bo called to account for oxceedingjliis dnty. But tho man was thoro-ns surely as tho sun was in the heavens j and yot ho could not unearth him. _ Ho began to think there must bo caves underground imponotrablo to the oyo of mun, with some iuvisiblo subtle entrance to them through tho earth it self-and perhaps a subterranean passage communica ting with Mr. Smith's abode opposite. And so tho second search ended as tho first lind dono \- in signal failure. Once more thoro was nothing left for tho detective but to withdraw his men and himself, and to acknowledg-o that he wns for tho time dol'eated. (TO BB CONTINUED.) Thc permanent staff of tho volunteer force hus been for some timo pas», «oing through n course ol' Instruc tion In tho milltnry telegraph systoui, Hags being used by day, und lamps by night; and although only a very short tltno lins been «pent; In practice tho result hus been ex cccllngl v satisfactory. It li proposed, niter t im ollteors of th« pi'riminuut stuff havo become well ncouaintcd with tho system, to teuoh it. to (ho volunteer nfilrers. Tho praotlro ls carried on at the Victoria liármeles, haddington, 