SERMON OF THE MOST REV. THE BISHOP OF BRISBANE. ,- [Subjoined we give the substance of the sermon preached by his Lordship, Dr. James Quinn, on last Sunday week' September 7. ;at Bathurst.] ' ! = ?????? '??[' ? :'| His Lordship took his text from tlie Gospel of. St. Matthew, 2Sth chapter, 18, 19, and 20 verses : 'All power is given to Me in Heaven and on Earth. Go. vp. therefor** rp.no.1i nil nn.firma baptizing them in the name of The Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost; t aching them to observe all things whatsoever I have comman ded you ; and behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world.' His Lordship said that the words he had just recited constituted, the commission given by the Holy Saviour to His Apostles, to teach His holy, words to all nations. ' Moses, when instruc ted to preach the word, was sent to the Egypt ians, and Jonah's mission was to go the ISfine vites ; but the Apostles were told to go forth — -not to one city or to one people — but to all nations, north, south, east, and. west.. And theirs was no teaching of an ordinary kind ;. they were not to uive a course of lectures and go their ways ; they could not present a neatly bound book, ask the recipient's earnest consi deration of it, and pass on, for no books on tne subject existed. The book of the New Testa ment was then not written. They were to teach, in season and out of .stas-n, and rebuke the whole spirit of the age. On the reception or rejection of. their doctrines rested the eternal salvation of their hearers. In the words of their Divine Master- -'He that believeth and is baptiz d shall be saved ; but he that believeth not shall be condemned.' Nor was their work done with the baptism of their converts. They had to see that the command ments so recently delivered to them were observed by their flocks. They could not even make a tour of the world and retire to rest and tranquillity. Their work began at the Pentecost and continued through all time till the day of doom, through generations, from age to age till the end of the world. And it must be remembered that teaching like theirs, if it were to. have effect, meant the reorganization of society. Once spread abroad, the whole fabric of Paganism must be pulled down, to be replaced by the doctrines of Christianity. Tuis fulfil ment was a portion of their commission, and the commission of the church of to-day — the .commission from which originated the establish ment of churches and colleges and schools, and caused the hearts of the church through all ages to overflow with joy. It originated a system, which was infallible and sure of success; a system which was so ably being carried out by their be loved bishop, and which devolved upon his flock as well as upon the Apostles, and a portion of the command was being obeyed by the congregation before him who had assembled that day. His Lordship would -ask his . hearers to consider the standiug and condition of the townsmen upon whom this mighty commission was conferred^ as well as the condition of society, in the country in which they dwelt. In. themselves the Apostles were entirely unable to perform the command of their beloved master, and. it was only by the supernatural powers granted them that they could hope to perform, the task alloted to them —supernatural powers which, were continued and granted to the church to the end of time,, and through which they could only hope to ful fil their holy mission. The task of the Apostles remembered,' he 'would glance at the condition of the nations amongst whom their work lay. The standard of morality was peculiarly and eminently low. All nations and people aimed at imitating the manner's of the great Roman Empire. Immorality was honoured and respected, human passions were deified; The tutelary deities of baseness and corruption had altars, temples, and shrines, erected in their honour.. The work of the Apostles was to overthrow shese altars and temples, to teach the votaries of Bacchus to be temperate, and the worshippers of Venus to be chaste, to subvert idolatry and substitute the severe and austere Christian code. The public amusements were of a nature wholly in contradiction to the possibility of their success. The favourite amusement was pro vided in the vast amphitheatres, where men butchered each other while spectators applauded,, where men were thrown to wild beasts, for which— lions, tigers, panthers, and leopards — they were ransacked ; beasts that were starved and goaded to their work before they were unloosed. The Coliseum was often crowded by 30,090 of these demons iii human form. Those seats had to be removed and replaced by altars and shrines dedicated to the true God, and the feet of .pilgrims and devotees were to tread where bloodthirsty gladiators and their abettors had trodden before. Paganism with all its alluring luxuriousness was to be subverted — by whom ? by twelve illiterate men. All social and domestic habits were thoroughly entwined with these pagan habits. His Lordship would ask them to look at the -olidity and strength of these institutions The buildings in which these practices were pursued existed to the present day, and were the. admiration and wonder of the age. Their roads still existed, unmoved by age or time ; their aqueducts were still remain ing as marvels of strength and utility ; their statues, even in fragments furnished models to sculptors of the present day, and were regarded as priceless treasures, while their orators were dtirival ed, and their literature waa still classic to the schools of the age, and their poets read with admiration and wonder, and taken as example - of all that was perfect for purity and force of expression. Imagine the task these men had to perform. They were to go to these architects, philosophers, poets, and sensualists and ask them to believe something they could not understand, to tell them to be meek and gentle, poor in spirit, and merciful ; to love their enemies, and to iiitimate as far as is in human nature, their God. And what manner of men were to convert these applauders of gladiators, wine bibbers, and sensual philoso pliers? Why fishermen -and artisans with no better nor worse education than was usually given to men of their condition. They had no wealth with which to purchase followers ; no patrons ; no influence. Look at them assem bled on Mount Olivet— their education under their Divine Master completed-- they stand there eleven men (not twelve, for one has betrayed his Master, and hung himself in agony of remorse.) There is Feter with downcast eyes and furrowed cheeks, and Thomas, sur liitmeiA iJiwyuiua, uuuioust; jig jlci^uu cu. lu iuuj unc. wounds in the side of the tSaviour before he^ could believe. There is a general air of sadness amongst them. They ran away from their Divine Lord, and left him to be scourged and crucified alone. From such a body of men what could be expected ? And yet they were to go forth and teach the G- spel to all nations and the whole world. Apparently they are totally unprepared, yet they are gifted with super natural powers, and they will succeed. To one of them the Lord hath said — ' Thou art Peter ; and upon this rock 1 will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I will give to thee the keys of the king dom of heaven. And whatsoever thou shalt bind upon earth it shall be bound also in heaven : and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth, it shall be loosed also in heaven. ' This commission was given to Peter 1900 years ago; yet such was the condition of the Church .oinuled by the Apostles that till three years ago it nev- r had been necessary to preach as an article of faith the doctrine of infallibility, it was so well understood. This commission was not conferred upon P.eter alone, for Christ said to the other Apostles — 'As the Father hath sent me, I also send you.' C4oing forth with such powers, see what those men and their successors did. His Lordship said he would no-.v take the liberty, a& he learned there were many there Avho differed from him in reli gion, to express the kindly feeling he enter tained for them. He loved no Roman. Catholic better, and perhaps he regarded them with a feeling more, acutely kind. Roman Catholics should not be sorry for this, 'for he was satisfied that every baptized person whether baptized by a pricsb or Protestant minister was baptizt-'d into the Church of Rome. There could be no two churches. Any person properly. '.baptized ?was introduced into the Church of Christ, pi what they called the Catholic Church, whose ministers are fully equipped . and endowed with all powers requisite now as they were on the day of Pentecost. Those who relied on the New Testament were under a mistake, because when the cowmission'was first giVen to the Apostles the founders of the Catholic Church, no New Testament — or book of the New Testament existed. The Catholics are ready to turn round and do the work of the As ostles, and they are the ouly church that can do it. If every docu ment, record, and monument relating to Chris tianity were destroyed to-morrow the Catholics CJuld discharge their duty without cither record, or monument, or document, because the law was given them in the spirit of God, as he says «? I will make the law as your hearts and y em- bowels.' It is a vital portion of their faith this knowledge of the law, so bound up with their teaching and existence as to be inseparable. What document, or record, or monument did men want so long as they were endowed with the spirit of the father, the .Son, and.the Holy Ghost? Had they not their sacraments, those holy weapons of soldiers in the army of Christ. Sacraments of penance and confession Other churches might do without them — th-3 Catholics could not. And the doctrine of the Eucharist, take that out of their religion, and the sun .might as well be out of the firmament. - Why did the poor man, be he ever so poor, find a' house for his God ? Why did they decorate His house and altar? — why were they struck with awe and horror on enter ing that sacred edifice. Take the Holy Sacra meDts away and you destroyed the very fabric of their religion, ami they would cease' to live. There was no need to excommunicate the un believer. Men wavered and were undecided, and along came some infidel, like Voltaire, and they no longer believed in the church. Men must be prepared to bear persecution for their conscience sake. Catholics could have no luke warmness ; they were taught no abstract things, but prepared to constitute His church on earth. Catholic ministers had for all time the work of the Apostles to perform. One of the principles they had to inculcate was charity ' 'I give unto you a new commandment.'' said ^our Saviour, 't at ye love one another ;?- and there could be no love without charity ; and those ministers who condemned other men, and like the Pharisee of old', thanked God they 'were not as they were, were in the way of damnation themselves. It was a. fundamental principle of their religion this love for all men, ami they were bound to treat those outside their church with the samu kindness they sho wed to tliei r ci i- religionists. Returning to the Apostles and tJioir work, his Lordship asked the congregation to regard thorn as they stood on Mount Olivet, like orphans looking up towards heaven, till the angel, in the form of a young man, came .down and cried to them, ' Men of Gallilee, why stand yi; thus gazing up into heaven'?' And they retired to an upper room, and there remained till the descending of the Holy Ghost upon them. On the day of Pentecost their work commenced, and they went forth as teachers iiito the open streets— forth to all nations and all people, uli all time —talking to thorn in their own tongues, till now their converts number 'thousands 't of thousands Up they Kent to tin.: Temple.' through its gates,' giving lii'u and health. A- Peter said to the cripijlc; who asked of then alms, '* 'Silver and gold have I none; but sue as I have I give unto theo. Arise and 'walk.' And he rose, and went bounding before the 'multitude, singing the praises of .ie'sus of Naza reth. They were apprehended, and brorghfc before the first magistrate, who asked them, ' Why do ye teach these things ?' It -\\\ ould be seen it was an entire question of teaching. ' Go, and sin no more ;' and they asked, ' Aie we to obey you or God ?'' They were, prepared for per secution. Their Master had said, 'If they perse cute you, did they not persecute me before you?' So long as they were obscure, they were allowed to preach : but as soon as their doctrines spread, they were seized and persecuted. They were scourged and thrown to the beasts in the amphitheatre. But, as a celebrated writer of the second century observed, ' the blood of martyrs is the seed of Christianity.' In spite of their efforts to suppress Christ's teachings, Christians were found in their armies, amongst their guards, in their halls, and schools. A Roman 'Emperor had put up a monument to mark the extinction of Christianity, but though the Church had to be hidden in dens, and lairs, and secret places, it still triumphed. By virtue of their commission, the disciples of the Apostles still taught ; .endowed with supernatural powers, tlrey conquered — not with the sword, but with the pen. The blessed successor of St. Peter, his Lordship continued, was a prisoner — in a palace it was true, because he' was a tem poral king — and how long he was to remain so I God only knows. Only the - other day he read I of one of his guards being murdered. He , was ,' hailed with execrations ; they were calling tu- ! multuously for his destruction, took at. the condition of the. Church in Europe. In ?' Italy the bishops were forbidden to: teach. In Switzerland the Bishop of Geneva1 was in imminent peril. In Germany all effectual coutrol of the Church, over seminaries '? and colleges had gone, Temporal powers were usurping the commission of the Church. In! ?Spain there was anarchy — one party spying the ' Church should teach, the other that it should! not. One of the ablest debaters they had, in a- '! speech had declared there should be no God : no; form of religion; no right but might, i This!! infidelity and oppositiontp the C '.lurch was not- i local, but universal. A society sent forth from ?London its emissaries to all parts of the world openly, and published the names of their mis sioners in the public newspapers. Education was the great question. They say the Church has no right to teach ; but how can children be brought up as Christians ? This secular cry was gaining ground. During au absence of two years from his diocese he (his Lordship) grieved j to say it had been instilled into his people, i Bigotry and prejudice had got amongst them, ! measures hostile to the control of the Church j were favourably regarded, and the right they! ' had received from Christ ' Go ye and teach' was denied. However, the Catholic Church was certain of success if they relied upon the supernatural powers granted them, and ^-n their best weapon — prayer. Not long ago three days had been set apart bj* the H sly Father for them to unite in prayer and supplication that his captivity might cease, thrj persecution of the dhureh be no more. For three days this communion of the Saints continued without ceasing throughout the whole Catholic Church ; the Saints in ? heaven, the Church on earth, and the souls in ' purgatory all joined in this supplication to the throne of grace. ' Thus, the Cmrch suffering, the Chuivh militant, and the Church trium phant joined, and with one voice scut up their prayers for this object. In spite of these perse cutions there was much to be thankful for ; the Church was spreading in many lands. Converts should not be looked upon, however, in a tem poral or political light, but should be brought into the right Church as a duty, and for their salvation, not for the glorification of the church or in a party spirit. Now lie ' would refer to one little spot which, while ti.e Roman Empire had sway over the whole world, ' was an exception, for no Roman eagle floated over a foot of that land, and not one man from I king to beggar had been converted to Chris- ! tianty. Yet £he conversion of the whole j land, from beggar to king, was made by one ' man, and with this peculiarity — that the blood '? of no one martyr ever stained the records of , it ; and while other countries lost their love '?. for the faith, tluv. land- -Ireland—had j never wavered, but had kept it warm and i sent forth its missionaries to all the world ; in thousands, as witness . their churches and schools and colleges in America 'and Australia. A great number— the largest pro portion, his Lordship said — present were Irish men, and it was a peculiarity with the. Irish people that they bore no hostility to any other nation ; they were hostile to practices, but never to people. Another distinguishing cha racteiistic of theirs was their liberality and love for learning For ages the poor scholar could net his book and board free in Ireland, arid her descendants were emulating that liberal spirit in this colony. A great deal of the credit for the establishment of schools and colleges in the diocese was due. to their bishop, but his efforts, unless he were aided by a liberal people, would be futile. No other people in Australia as yet had advanced so far in educational liberality as they had in Bathurst. Their liberality was proverbial, and had been the astonishment and wonder of Catholic bodies all over the country, and his' Lordship hoped the suu wo.: Id no'- go down upon a debt on the college. His L.irdship concluded, bypayingagraeefulcompliment to the diocese, which was imitating Ireland in its love for liberal scholastic and sacred institutions, and he trusted that Australia would emulate Ireland in its tenacity of faith, and its' people would, he was sure, receive the reward pledged by. their Heavenly Father. In the evening, after Vespers, which were celebrated in the Cathedral at the usual hour, the Bishop of M.aitlaufL ascended the pulpit', and addressed a short discourse; to the congre gation, which had assembled, in large numbers, notwithstanding the. great length of the sermon at which they had assisted in tins morning. His Lordship o soi vedthnt it was notbisinten tiou to detain themloug, as the length of theinter asting proceedings which they had all witnessed with su'ih joy and gratification pointed out to :iim the expediency of being asbriot as; |.osBible. ffe should, however, observe that all the pro ceedings which had taken place were Eoost gratia fying to the bishops whom they had so warmly welcomed on their arrival, and for his part he would ever entertain the liveliest recollection of the enthusiasm and noble spirit of faith which the Catholics of Bathurst had displayed on this : occasion. He wished to add that the bishops were particularly desirous to make known to the Catholics of Bathurst their deep'gratirication . at the sympathy conveyed to om- Holy Father in \ the beautiful address presented to us 01 last ' Thursday. As lie had stated before, it was his ? privilege to see the Holy Father frequently ' during his late visit to Rome, and on his first ! arrival in the Eternal City he had the honour of ' presenting two addresses from, the dioceses of i Bathurst and Maitland. It would be in their ' recollection that, more than two years ago pub- ', lie meetings were held in Australia to express ; sympathy with the Pope in his severe trials, j and, following the example of many countries in ? Europe and America, and especially of Catholic ' Ireland, to protest in the most earnest manner \ against the. wrongs inflicted on his sacred per- ' son, by virtually making him a prisoner, in his ! own palace, and wres'ing from, him the patri- j moriy of St. Peter, the dominions of the Church, j aiid those temporal possessions granted to him | by the piety of' the past ages to enable him' to I govern the Catholic Church of which he is the i supreme head and ruler. To the honour of the \ Catholic people of Bathurst, it mu&i; be said f that they were the first in Australia, to ' sym- ? pathize thus publicly with the Holr. Father, \ and on that occasion, as well as on many other ! occasions, they gave to their fellow. Catholics * throughout this as well as other colonies a ? noble example of their ? faith and of ' their | attachment to the Holy Father. . I can never j forget the joy evinced by the Holy Father ? when I explained to him that the addresses which I had tbe honour of presenting him with ; came from his devoted children in the most dis tant region of the earth, who, by their prayers ! for his welfare, by their offerings of Peter's pence, and by public meetings, were most - anxious to testify their most filial affection! towards his sacred person. His Holiness1 otserved that Divine Providence seemed toj arrange things so that while the old Catholic ! nations were falling away from the ancient; faith, a new country in the far distant! south, full of faith and charity, animated^ by the fervour of the early Christians, is; springing up, and promises in time to shed.-! among the people of Australia the blessing;' of religion, and the Holy Catholic faith of which so many of her children in Europe are proving; themselves unworthy. I afterwards related to: 1 the Holy Father what I witnessed myself in;1 many places in Austra ia, whenever there was a question of building churches, convents, and; schools ; arwjj I mentioned that, on the occasion of laying the foundation-stone of the convent of the Sisters of Mercy attached to this church, j you contributed the enormous sum of four thou sand pounds — a sum equivalent to 100,000 francs. His Lordship concluded by saying that he was anxious to make these few observations to show the deep interest and concern which the Holy Father felt for the Catholics of Australia ;? and he knew it would be particularly gratifying to the Catholics of Bathurst to learn that they had the best wishes, the prayers, and the bless ing of their Holy Father, the Vicar of Jesus Christ. St. Mary's Building Fund. — The usual weekly meeting, in connection with this fund, was held on Sunday evening. There were pre sent—the Very Rev. S. J. A. Sheehy, V.G., in the chair ; the Venerable Archdeacon Rignoy ; j the revs. F. J. Mahoney, Haj'es (Armidale) ; ! Messrs. Mullins, Hollingdale, Corcoran, etc. The Venerable Archdeacon amiouncod the re ceipt of a cheque for £100 from. Mr. I?. A, Jen nings, Deniliquin. The sum of £40 was handed in by the collectors. ' , House of Good Shepherd Susten- j tation Fund.— A collection in aid of the Sus- ' tentation Fund of the House of the Good Shep- j herd will be made in every church of the ; Archdiocese on to-morrow. With the objects of this Institution our readers are well acquainted. Founded twenty- live years ago it has gone on year by year, fulfilling its mission with extra- ; ordinary success, reclaiming from sin -and ' shame poor fallen women of sill religious , denominations, until now, when with the in- I creased accommodation afforded by the new convent its sphere of operation has been i greatly increased. It is one of the greatest oi: our charities. Its object is the holiest — though at the same time the most difficult — that | Christian humanity can engage in To reclaim' those whom the greater part of the world regard with aversion and scern, to place these aga n in positions of respectability — to save them from, infamy — to instruct and clothe them, this is a great work. And by none ca7i such a work be undertaken — or if undertaken be accomplished, but by religieiise. Si- much is admitted if not openly at least in fact. lu the institution in behalf of which -wo speak the average number of inmates is ?;*-, the average number restored to their friend s is J»0, and the average annual number for whom situations had been procured is Ho. Wash ing and needlework are taken in, ;nid nvory possible attempt is made to render the institu tion as Stilf-supporting as possible. But fov^all that, as may be readily supposed, the income thus received is but a trifle compared with the actual cos', of the institution. The sustenance ??f the penitents alone amounts to a very large mm We trust then that the collection nuulo to-morrow will be one of which wo may well eel proud -one that will enabjo th-; duv-ovod listers of the Good ^hephonl to (.nrsvur their inly wo'k unrestricted by want oC means ov 'tlicr pecuniary necessities. Sir E. ?. Creasy. — A dinner wi^gtven -y the judges and the members of the u;;r to tfj' E. S. Creasy, Chief Justice of Ccyion, at vVilliams's Metropolitan Hfetel, on Mondav evening. \'_ ? ^ ' ? M^stttk HeldOver. — Pressure onour space com pels us to keep back until next week two letters ' on the Amalgamation of the Orphan Schools ' and. some other correspondence ' New Church, Bkookpibld. — In another part of this issue there appears the first list of: subscriptions to the new Church at Brookfield. The amount subscribed do credit to the generous liberal hearts of the people of that district. Up to, the present time they have had to hear Mass in a room of a wretched tumble-down weather board building. They are very few in numbers and for the most' part consist of struggling in dustr ous, settlers, who have had many difficul ties to contend with. Floods, bad seasons have reduced many of them in means. For many years they have had to support a Catholic school in defiance of the most determined oppo sition on the part of the Council of Education. They have succeeded in this, for long since the Public School was closed. The erection of a new Church is then 'to' them a work almost beyond their means.' Probably Father Lonergan would never have ventured- oh a commencement did not the past justify : him in the belief that he must succeed, He has . been very generously assisted by his Lordship the Bishop of Mait laiid:, arid the Irish Catholics of Dungog, Brookfield, and Clarence Town — and he has been a no' less generous donor himself The new church will be of brick, and will cost £700. The foundation stone will be laid bef re Christ mas. We would suggest to our Catholic friends on the Hunter River and other districts, that this is one of those works which\Should receive from them practical assistance. \\\^s are desired to state, that Father Lonergan wn]^ receive, and thankfully acknowledge, any donations. Gospord. — A correspondent writing on September 4, says : — A public dinner was given by the inhabitants of this place to the Very Rev. Dean M'Carthy on the 3rd instant. About forty- seven gentlemen took their places at the table, Mr. ? 'William Henrick in the chair, the vice-chair being occupied by Mr. Benjamin Davis;.. rJL\ie guest of the evening took the place of honour on. the right of the chairman, and the patriarch of the district, Mr.JThomas Humphries, was placed on his left. The spread was particularly good, and did great credit to Mrs. Campbell, vdio pro vided on the occasion. . All sections and creeds were well represented, and it speaks well for the liberality and good feeling of the district that there were abqut an equal number of Protestants and Catholics present. It may be worth mentioning as testifying to the regard in. which Dean M'Carthy 'is held by all sections that the gentleman who presided at this dinner was a high Churchman and the vice-chairman a. oSTorth of Ireland Presbyterian. After the usual toasts were disposed of, the health fo ' our guest ' was proposed and drank with. due honors. The rev. gentleman returned thanks in a very coquent and amusing speech. Altogether we spent a most pleasant evening. At the close a pair of horses were presented to Dean M'Carthy, who accepted the gift, stipulating, however, that they should be kept there for the use of the missionary priest of the district, whoever he might be. Serious Revolver Accident to the. Rev. Mr- O'Keefe.— Tl e Murrurundi corres pondent of the Maitland Mercury, under date Sunday evening, sends us the following particu lars of a very severe accident that has prostra ted the Rev. Mr. O'fceefe, and placed him in considerable danger : — An accident occurred ow Saturday afternoon to the Rev. Father O'Keefe. It appears that the rev. gentleman was examin ing a four-barrelled pistol, of new construction, and was not aware that at the time it was loaded, when, by some mishap, the pistol went off — one ball passing through the palm of the hand and thumb, and passing out at the wrist, left hand ; it Ihen entered his left breast, over the region of the heart, and lodged in one of the ribs, seven, inches from where it entered. Dr. Gordon was in attendance on the sufferer. In about one hour after the accident, the ball which had embedded itself iri the. rib-bone, 'was extracted, and they had much difficulty in performing the operation. Father O'Keefe bore the pain with the greatest fortitude — being perfectly calm through the trying ordeal. He slept for several hours early on Sunday morning, and is in good spirits. — Sunday night, 9 p.m. : The reverend gentleman, we are informed, is now free from pain, and every hope thus far is entertained of. his recovery. The Dominican Convent, West Mait i.axd. — Yesterday (says, the Mahllund Mi'.n;i-r-t uf Saturday) the resident pupils 'of the Domini can Convent, were taken to Newcastle under the escort of: Father Corcoran, in order to enjoy a change for the benefit of their health. Of: course in the convent, every care is taken to give the young ladies sufficient open air exercise ; but, siii' e the establishment of a branch of tlio s-.-hool at Xe\vi-a.stle, it has been determined, we understand, that these healthful journeys to the seaside shall be made periodically, so that the young ladies may have a - omplete change ot air and scenery, io rh iheih be'.'er for 'hat de votion to their' studies of whii-h the public occa sionally have such pleasing examples. Altar ' Sk r vie a. — Messrs. M'1 Lean 'and Son have just completed the manufacture of a magnificent altar service; to the order of 'his Lordship feheJ.light Rev. Dr. Quinn, Brisbane. It consists of .a remonstrance, two ciboriuni*. and chalice, it is silver-plated, and the execu tion of the work fully sustains the reputation of Messrs. M'Lean and Son have so long and deservedly enjoyed. St. Francis's Temperance Meeting-.— The usual temperance injecting took phut' *»* St. Francis's Hall on Monday evening last, The Rev. Dr. O'Connor was present ami delivered an eloquent address. A judiciously solecte i programme of vocal and instrumental nusio was gone through, which was deservedly applauded. At the close a large number oi. names were added to the pledge roll of tbe society. ? 