, M I S C E h h AN E O TJ S. - . A vkhy sad talc, hut ouo hi which a usoful moral Huh if properly applied, comos lo ub from tho lato- Jtidian opuni'seaHon. At tho door of a well-known, honno, in a fiishionflble quarter' of our city, thoro stood a gonlleumn nnd threu ludios eliui in ovcuiug cbslumo, and bound for tlio opera. Tito carriago lmd , to Svntt' while a sliglit dismission, took pluco. -TiiO' inulron of tho party is insisting that the fair youtig girl, her chnrgo, must havo a. wrap to shield hor from tho night air whon site leaves tho warm honso. Tlio young lady romonstralos ; slio docs not wish to kcop him waiting ; she hulas going to tho cloak-room ; slio has nothing olso with her. Tho matron is deter" ininod, however ; she has -left a wrap out expressly fur hor on tho fool of the bod, nnd tho young lady friond can avoid 'lho cloak- room by carrying it under lior opura shawl. Tho girl obeys, goes up-stnirs in tho dark und gets Lho wrap, brines it down undor .tho shawl, colors tho corringo with -Lho light step of. youth, and is whirled away with hor frionds to hcur Moses sing down tho Egyptian magicians, and see him lead Ins countrymen across the presont routo of' tlio P. and O. Company's boats. According to direc tions, tlio wrap was thrown over tho baok of her seat and forgotten, Forgotton-foca short thrco hours, but to ho remembered for n lifoliino by her and her companions! Why did not tlio waters of the Red' 8oa swallow it up wit!: Pharaoh nnd his host?' Why did- not, tho too, too solid floor of tlio dress circle molt, so as to drop her and hor confusion inlo th'd' yawning gulf boncath ? Tbo opora is over, tho ladies rise, and tlio gentleman springs to assist them wit h tjioir cloaks,, when horror I. anguish ! destruction I lie holds up a.puir of unmentionable wraps, that ladies .are not In the habit of wearing with their evening dress. Tho despair of that parly on their aud return home it hoots not to loll. Tlio ownor of Uio " wraps" was sitting up waiting for his wife aud friends. Tliov toldjiiin the terrible tale, with, voices broken with ; emotion, and hysterical guaps that almost rescmblod laughter, when, tci tlioir renewed astonishment, Lho master of the liotiflojumpcd up, and with lho dccjicAt concerii cried, " What I' Goodness graoious, Uioro was £20 in tho right pocket!" All is wall that' ends well. Tlio wrap was searched, Lho money found, aiid Mny moral is that young Indies, should be vory careful how. thoy go iu tho dork for. any arliclo to a gohtlemun's bedroom. . .< \- LongrvitY.— Ireland cluims to haro somo very long-lived people. Tho Registrar-General- reports .that among tho 22, '134 deaths registered in Ireland tn the lust quarter of tho year 1872 were thoso of ID porsons stated lo liavo reached or passed tbo ago of 100 yoars. In most of those instances no statement is given of any proof thnt tho age is correctly repre sented ; hut tlio Registrar of Castle-martyr, Middle- ton, reporting a death at 100 ..years or age, says:— " Tlio ease is ns well authenticated' us con bo in the nbsenso of any offluial record." Tlio Registrar of Oool-moimtnin, Dnnmanway, reports " Tiio death of a man is registered who had attained, without any Eissihility of a doubt, tho great ago of 106 years. 0 was u smith by trade, and assisted his son (who aUo follows the snmo trade) to within a fortnight of Ins deiiUi 1 understand tlio dceeuscd was in tlio habit of taking liis tumbler- of "punch."- Tho-dealh of a man also aged 106 was registered at Bantry, aud tlio Registrar says " Ho always stntcd that ho was 30 years of ago at'lho'liiufl lhO'Frcnch fleet entered Bantry Bay. He preserved his intellect to the last and was only confined to his bed for about Acn days Crevious to bis death from a slight rheumatic pain m is knee. Ho died in the workhouse hospital." 1 At Cavnn a death stated to bo at tho ago of 103 occur red, also in tlio" workhouso. The Registrar of Cosllotiorg reports a death at 108, and says: — "I mado careful inquiry respecting this cose, and found tho stntcment of tho informant ns to tho extraordinary age of the deceased perfectly sustained.". Tlio greatest age registered in tho quarter was 115, stated to be attained by u woman who died in tho Mcigh district of Nowry Union ; but all that the Registrar says is t hat " she is reported to havo enjoyed good health during the whole term, and to hare been in tho harvest field a short time previous to her death.' ' — Times liny 16, . . OrcsiNQ of the ExiuntTtoK.— Tho now Dublin Exhibition oponod on Wednesday without any for mal ceremonial, but with a flue uorforniance of Men- dolssohn's " Atlmlic," by the exhibition band and .a chorus of'100. —Madame Alvslobcn, Mndnmo Pemorio Labla'olic, and Mis9 Edith Wynno tuking lho solo ports ; Hr. G. B. Leo conducted. Tbe performance was oxcollcnt, espocially tlio " March of tho Priests." Thoro was a great ottcndunco, larger Lbuu on tlio fireridus occasion; Tbo exhibition, though . not so argo as that of last year, is very interesting and at tractive. Tho loan museum is repleto with valuable objects, and contains, among others, splendid collec tions of platc, china, and arniB, lent by the Queen and Sir Richard Wallaco. There is a never feature in a court devoted to antiquo furniture, and the col lection ofmodorn piotures is very fine. ' : Tub Eahtiiquakb - at Sax Salvador— A Rcutor's telegram states .that tho entire destruction of tho capital of Salvador nnd tho ruin of its population 40,000 : peoplo is confirmed.. All tho surrounding country nnd. towns lmvo also suffered. Tho first . rcnlly violout shock coiumonccd on March 4th, de stroying many houses," although actually throwing down hut few.. Tho, quaking continued at frcqucht intervals until tlio morning of tho 10th, wlicnj at two ?.m., two light shocks, succeeded by n stronger one, destroyed .tbu ontiro city. Within a radius of twenty miles, owing to an alarm on tlio 4th, such residents as had not loft tho city wore living iu tbo publlo' plazas; and tlio loSs of lifo, although great, whs thereby diminished. ' The President, after having- sent his family to Santd Tccla, established himself in tho phiza in a tout, and has boon constant aud buc- cossiultn inaintainihgordor. Tlio authorities ore per sistent in their intoiitioir to rebuild tlie city on tho snmo spot, although this is tho - eighth timo witbim 150 years thnt tho town has bceii entirely destroyed, and partially ruined overy ninth year. An cpidoadc/ following close upon tho present ruin wns anticipated: All tho sewugo is 'stopped, the water viaduct is brokeu, and the ruins nro known to cover many human beings aud animals. Tho carthquako . is presumed to havo emanated from the suppressed volcano of St. Thomas, ono of tho' sovon volcanoes within a radius of thirty miles of Ysosco, 'which is In full blast, nt times throwing out o constant stream of lava visible at night along tlio whole Costadol Balsamo. - ;; A;GnosT Stobt.— Tho hood of a woll known Molbourno firm sends us (Melbourne Telegraph) Uio following narrative, evory- Kurd of which ho vouches is '. strictly truo Very extraordinary things hayo "from timo to timo, been said and writteu on tho subject of ghosts. I myself havo read and lieaidiof thousands of instances, toall.appoamuco well nuthen- licnted; but never lmvo I Had tho fortune, good oV bad, to bo brought fnco to face with ono. Ilowcyer, facts arc stubborn-tilings; and I offer tlio following facts for the acceptance of your renders:— On Satur day afternoon, the 14lh mat, I was on my way home from business, iu eompanv-with a gentleman ; the 'timo was as nearly as possiUlo six to ton minutes past ?. Wo were passing along Spring-street, on the opposite side to the- Princess's Theatre, and about opposite to thnt building, when 1 suddenly imagined that 1 was on tlio poinfof running ngninst some object whicli was crossing tho footpath from the fence to tho road-ami I put out my bauds to prevent striking. I observed tlio extraordinary appearance pass across mv path, and ns it wore, completely in the way of my friend, whujvns walking on my lelthnnd. Ilo instantly stopped, and also placed his hands out in order to prevent a collision. In pure astonishment wb wntehed tho appearance for pcrfinps four seconds, when It completely vanished. I may add lliut the nearest paraoit in front was some liltto distaneo on, nnd thorn was no person for somo distance behind. Tlio uppearaiico was of.a very peculiar gray trans parent nature. . I could not for tho life of meyay the form it took. Tho suddenness of its appearing and disappearing, coupled with lho unusuaVstavt which tho iiffiiir gave to both of us, would account- for tho waul of a closer oxnmiuatlou. A few words in con clusion.- On Suuday. 15th, the following day, 1 was passing tho s|N)t, only this time on tho top of an omnibus, when l pointed to (he place, nnd mentioned llrefacttotho-driver,-who-tqld-mo tlmt another gentleman, about a month or six weeks buck, hud stated thai- he cfuno bolt up against somebody or something at that very spot, and tlmt ho .shouted out to it, "Now, then, mind where you're- coming," when ho also was somewhat- startled to sec the appcurauco suddenly disappear. Karavilla Cocoa.— Taylor Bkothem (the largest Manufacturers of Cocoa in Europe), having tlio exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, Invito, comparison with any othor Cocoa for Purity— fine Aroma— Sanative, Nutritive nnd Hictuining Power —Easiness of Digestion— and especially, high. deli; cious flavour. Onu trial will establish it as a favour- lie Beverage fur-breakfast, luncheon, nnd a Soothing RefrcMiiucnl after a late evening. N.ii. Caution.— " MAiurrr.T.A " is a registered 'Trade Mark. Maravilla Cocoa.—Tho Glafw says - " TaYM>b .BitOTHRim' Murnvilla Cocoa 1ms achieved a tliorbugh Biicccs'nud supersedes every other Cocoa in tlio market. Kntiro sutubiliiy, a delicate aroma, and a rare cnucenlration of t.hu purest elements of nutri tion, distinguish tin: Mnmvilln Cocoa abovo ull others For lurulids and DyMpenlies, wc could not rocoin- mend n tnoro agreenblo or valuable beverage." For furl hor favourable opinions vido Standard , Mornhu/ J'osl, JlrUhh Medical Journal , $C. Homffiopathic Cocoa.— This original prepora: tion, which has attained such - a world-wide reputa tion, is manufactured by Taylok Bkothkjis under tho ablest houKJCopatluc advice aided by tlio skill niul experience of tho inventors, und. will, be found to .combine in an ominent degree Lho purity, fino nrorim, and nutritious property of tlio frosn nut. Soluble Chocolate, made iu one u)inuto>wiUibut boiling. The above arttclcs'aro prepared exclusively by1 Taylor Brothers, tho largest manufacturers -in Europe, and sold iu tin-lined packets only, by Store- kcopcrs and others-nil over the world. fttearnVMills,- Brick Lane, London. Export CJiieory Mills/Bruges, Belgium. 