NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. ,r> TllUllSIMY. h* y'r^ THE SPKAKLH took tho chair at twouty-oight mirtillos oust 4 o'clock. t,i !,] RAILS FOli HAILWAY EXTENSIONS. < i - Mr MACLLA\ asked tho beorctary for Bublic^J'o'rkä, v -" Ha\o nul» Ken ordered from England for tho nulw*} oxlelisions sam turned bj Parliament during list snasiou, und, if so,-1 \\\ lion was tlioovdor sent { 2 What was tho quantity ordcivdi i At what periods are (ho rail« to bo doliiorcd? »>t ^Nhat is tho doscnption and weight of rail {"' * * . l - Mr SUIHIKLAND Bud tho rails lind boon ordered from Lnglmid li i tho length from Goulburn to Yass, on tho 13th Jul> lam I 0000 tons i 1000 tons within four months front the date of Bignmg the contract, 100 tons during each Miuw- ditig month for n period of livo months, aud GBO tons in the tenth mouth 4 Siögle-hoftdod rails, weighing "0 lbs 11 r \ ard 9 MR J II 1HOMAS Mr MACLEA\ asked tho Secrttorj for Public Works, -' Is it the uitiutiou of tho Government to offer Mr J ti Thomas an ti] pt influent oqunaluit to that wlnoh ho hold when his ofllic «tis abolished * Mr SUTH MU AND snià that at tho time whori thij «Alco held'DT Mr 1 homns was abolished, ho was olfored an appointment on the ratina^ as tri ii himeyor with ft salirV ot £300 and »U Uruipincnt allow inco of ÜJ00 por Jroar! Ho declined to ta ept this situatiuu, and the Go\cmmen haul no othei Qtlu RAILWAY FROM GOULBURN TO YASS. ' Mr MALI 1 \\\ .iikptl tK Secretary for Public Works', -"Whattlun lina bom allowed to tho contractor for 'tho completion of iho railway from Goulburn1 to the rfoigb bourhood of "S fa i ' ' Mr >SUTHERLAND oust, ered,-Uut>I tho ' 81st December, lb?o RAILWAY FROM BATHURST IO ORANGE ( Mr NELSON asked tho Secretary for Public Works, " 1 Aro tho tuirvoj s of theGroat Wosttm lino of r ulwuy from Bathurbtlo Orango completed i 2 Is it tho intuition of thsQo\omnuiu to ndopt the line passing through Blaynoy ? 3 When will thu plans, &e; , bo laid upon tho table of this House ? 4 When do tho Government intend to invito tenders for the construction of tho same ? Mr SUIIILRLAND answered,-1 No 2 No deot ?Ion ootlld'bo airiYcdat until tho complctiOH of tito survols 3 In about three weoks 4 As t.oon as the nocossarr working plans and sootiona aro ready It w ould not he later tbim-!TariUitry no*:t THE CAbh OF THE REV MR CURREY. Mr BUCHANAN asked the Colonial Secretary,-"« ho will lay u] on tho tablo all correspondence between tho Rev Mr Currej and hmiBblf in roforcneo to tho Registrar General s refusal to placo him on tho list of persons autho- rised to celebrate marriages i Mr PARK* fc> said that ho did not Und that there was any correspondenco whatever in his office, in addition to that already laid before Parliament ia roforonco to tho Rcgistrar-Genoril s rofusal to place the Ror Mr Curro\ ainougstthe list of persons authorised to celebrate mar riages TKcro vas other correspondence relating to ontirol) diflerent subject«, and it was possiblo the hen member a question waa not tho subject on which ho wanted .nforun bon FLECTION FOR MUDGEE Mr BPBAhER announced tho rotum of tho wntisimod on tho 18th August last for tho election of a member for Mudgee, with a certificate endorsed thereon by tho Return ing officer of the roturn of Mr J G O Connor as ropro .cntatitb of that electorate THE MEMBER FOR LITERPOOL PLAINS Mr OREED enid ho desired to ask tho Colonial Serre tary ajjuestiun without notice, and as the matter wa< of ?.mo "importance, ho trusted tho Houso would permit him to do so Ho wished to know whother the 1 rcasurer or any member of the Government had authonied tho publi- cation of euch a statement as tho following, which appeared ia a papor published in Tamworth ou the Gib Siptembor last it was a postscript to a letter written to tho editor bj a »ember of tin* House, »ho signed his name -' No .nob» from Tamworth, when visiting Sydney, will be granted an. raten lew with any member of the prosont, Ad- ministration without having first obtained permission and card of introduction from mo -nvvtiiY BLVMITT, MP" i ' Mr PARKiib AU I can aay is, I hat o no .knowledge .f tho important communication tho hon. gentleman luis read (Laughtir,) i PAPERS Mr LLO\ D laid upoa tho table regulations under (ho Tuuded Stock Atit, and n return m regard to tho sei/uro at Wagga Wappa of Mr AVilson's buggy Mr SUTH*HLAND laid upon tho1 tablo Rood Trust Accounts for tho half-year ending the 31st Docombi.r, 1872 j - Mr* FARNELL laid upon the table a roturn of rent ajriatnient feçs pr charges needed by theptrustfioa of Parni matta Park from tho 1st January, lhG5, to 31s,DocoiD.bor, 1872, also additional regulations under Crown Lands, Occupation Act of 1861, and Amended Act of 1873 S It was ordered that the dooumontho printed *? ?* ?NEWSPAPER POSTAGE'RATE ABOLITION BILL Mr PARKES brought up a bill to abolish tho postal rato on ppwspapcrs The bil} was read a.first timo, und lh.e_ ?eoond reading waa inado an Ordirr of tho Day for SVedut»-" day next APPLICATION JOF BALANCES Mr SPBAKER stated tha); ho had received from the Auditor-General, under directions contained in the ISth .cobon of tho Audit Act, copies of minutes of thtj Go- vernor and F«ecuhve Council, authorising the application .f certain balances from ono hoad of »omeo to supplement votes for another head of servie« named therein It waa ordered that the document bo printed ' , ELECTIONS AJÍD QUALIFICATIONS COMM! ITEE Mr SPEAKER laid upon the tablo for tho first time, his warrant appomüng the mombers of the Eluctioas una Qualifications Committee PROCEDURE AND PRACTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT , Mr, BUTLER moved,-" That this House wiU, on Wed nasdny next, resolve itsolf into a Commnteo of tho Whole, to consider the propriety of bringing in a bill to consolidate and amend the law respecting the Procédure and Practice .f tho Supreme Court ia it« Equitable and Ecolosiastical Jurisdiction and in matters of Lunacy and Infancy. Carried CONSOLIDATION AND AMENDMENT OF THE CRIMINAL LAW Mr BUTLER moved,-' That thu House will, to mor row, resolve it.elf into a Committee of tho Whole, to con- sider the propriety of bringing in a bill to consolidate and amand in certain respects tho Criminal Law ' . Carnod LUNACY BILL Mr PARKES moved,-" 1 hat this House will, on Wed neaday next, resolve itaelf into a Committee of tho Wholo, to outsider the expedienoy of bringing in a bill to consoli- date and amend the law relating to the insano " . Carried < 1 GRANTS OF LAND .Mr FARNELL moved forlea\o to bring- tnabill to~~ authorise certain gran)» of land to be made b« wa> of com- pensation lor losses of water-frontage m .Vuollowiuooloo Bay Carried IMPORTED STOCK ACT Mr FARNELL moved,-" Iliat tina Houso will, on Wednesday next, resolte itself into a Committee of tho Whole, to consider tho propriety of bringing in a bul to »»end the Imported Stock Act of 1371 ' MINING REGULATION BILL Mr TARN ELL moved,-" That this Houso will, on Wednesday next, Tesolvo itself into a Coniimttoo of the Wholo, to consider tho propriety of bnúging m a bill to make better pro < ision for the Regulation of Mining " '"Carried ? f THE DIVORCE LAW Mr BUCHANAN moved for leavo to bring m a bill to amend the law relating to divorce "The motion was agreed to The bill was after» arda braucht up and read a first tune, and an order inado that it be printed. *? LAW OF EVIDENCE Mr BUQHANjAN moved for leavo to bring in a bill to amend the layr of evidence in C,\il and Cr,ixiuru4. The motion was agreed to Tho bill was aftorwards broupht up.todraad a first time, and ah ofaer tuatte that it bo printed THB GOLD riELDS BLLL .j Mr BUCHANAN moved,- ' That Una House will to- morrow,' lesolve itsolf into a Committee of tho Wholo to considerihe' propnaty of bnaging in a bill to amend tho laws relating to tha' gold fields Tho motion was agreed to FRIENDLY SOCIETIES BILL On tho motion of Mr PARKES, tho Houso «ont into CoBmnttoo of the Wholo to consider tho expediency of bringing Iii V Bill to consolidate and amend "th«v Law re- lating to 1 nendly and othor Mutual Benefit Societies, and Mr Driver took the chair fpr this occasion Mr PARKES moved, that it was desirable to bring in the bill He1 said thaf it would bo in the roroombr inco of the Committee that a bill for tins object hod passed tha Legislative Assembly In throe suctíossive sessions This, howo.or, was a bul 6f a moro comprehensivo character, «krecled to effect iho same objects', and which hod been prepared, with gr*at car« during flio last session It passed through, the other Hone« of Parliament, but on being rptuined td tlils^JIouèe »t was too late to bo considered during the session The motion was agreed to The chairman loft tho chair, and reported the resolution to tho House, Tho report w is adopted TEACHING OF HISTORY IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS Mr BUCHANAN-moved,- ' 1 That, in the opinion of this House, the non-teaching of history in our Public schools is a defect well calculated to impair the usefulness and efficiency of our system of public education 2 That the Government should forthwith adopt means by which instruction in history shall be imputed in all schools subsidised hy the State, particularly tho History of England 3 That the above resolution« be communicated by -address te his Excellency the Governor " He had introduced this tíotíon*Uir»«í*ion when a .strong' opinion-in favour of the teaching of ;history in Public schools was, he thought, expressed») by most) hon... members. / The previous question,] howtver« was ^moved on tho occasion, and no division was taken because ho happened to be confused as to tho terms m which tho question was put. He regretted very much that a division was not taken at that time, and ho resolved to take tho first oppor- tunity of again bringing the question before tho As- sembly. It was only last session that, for tho first time, he discovered what a monstrous omission there was in the course of instruction in tho Public schools - that of tho non teaching of history;' History being in his opinion, tho basis of all knowledge, he never for a moment dreamt that any system of public education could be inaugurated 'anywhere with this^tremendous omission, from tho mo' ment he discovered this, he took 'those pupils in whom he was interested away from those Public schools, and sent them to those institutions where history was taught. He knew others who had followed the same course. The why and wherefore of this omission he could not under stand until he begun to reflect that here was another instance of tho benighting influence of sectarianism. In deference to that system which seemed to paralyze all our rulers, they dared not carry out their own ideas. They omitted from the course of instruction in tho Public schools tho grandest of all subjects, and thereby inflicted an incalculable injury on the youth of this country; for all tho grand and glorious events of English history would be kept back from them -great events which were the guide of all young nations at all events. They would deprive their children of what was great in ' literature, in art, in arms, and commerce Almost all liter- ature was obscured to tho mind uninstructed in history. When they reflected that such men as Gibbon, Hume, Smollett, Alison, Froude, Grote, Buckle, and Carlyle, had selected this subject for tho exercise of their genius,, this, should inform members how great tho subject 'was. One could not possibly appreciate even the plays of Shakespeare without a good knowledge of English history. And yet they were to allow the children attending the Public schools to grow up in ignorance of all this history that was so calculated to in- spire their enthusiasm, and to stir up their emulation to follow in tho wake of innumerable heroes who adorned the pages of English history. He did not say that tho philosophy of history should be taught. But he would inculcate into, tho young minds an emulating knowledge of history. Youths should have a knowledge of tho different English monarchs, what were tho particular events of their reigns, and their minds familiarised with this study at as early a period as possible An abridged History of England should be prepared and adopted, say at tho instance of the Council of Induration. No body was more fitted for the purpose. He objected that our children should grow up devoid of all enlightenment on those important subjects ; that they should know nothing of tho monarchs or of the leading events of tho history of England. Under the pre- sent system, they would go out from' our schools without tho foundations laid for the relish for such a study as history ; without their ideas expanded by a knowledge of those great examples of heroism which have occurred in former ages. This subject of history was always selected as the theme for tho exercise of genius; and when they found such men as Buckle, who, if he had lived, would have produced such a monument of human genius as would have been tho glory of the world; when they found such men as that devoting themselves to tho enlighten ment of mankind, it was sufficient to shake their confidence in an Administration that excluded tho study of history from our Public schools. Tho subject was, perhaps, never mentioned to them, and they knew nothing of those great events recorded in our history -how tho very liberties of our country were obtained-how it emerged from tho bar barism of obscurity—and how it produced tho literature which is tho wonder of the present era. Some said that history was but the record of wars and battles, but he asked if this was the case with regard to tho history of the time of Charles II. and of the Reformation. But the reason was that some of tho Roman Catholics of this country were afraid of certain events being known, and our rulers trembled before that body because of their power in tho country/and consented to this monstrous degradation. Would tho Colonial Secretary say that the reason why history was not to be taught in our schools was not ' because there were a few Roman Catholic children in those schools ? 'And, therefore, tho whole of our Protestant children were to be kept in ignorance of those great events. Tho charge he made against tho 'Government was that they had done wrong in deference to priestcraft; they had given a sop to this sect, and a sop to that, and tho sop to tho Roman Catholics was tho exclusion of history from our schools, in order that they 'might not have tho opposition of that body at the hustings. If .that were not the reason ho would ask the Colonial Secretary to rise and say what it was. Tho very same thing had been done by tho Gladstone Ministry at home, who were defeated on their Irish University Bill because they had attempted to found a university from which the study of history was to be excluded, with a view to conciliate tho priests, [Mr. PARKES: Nevertheless tho priests defeated it] Mr. Gladstone tried his best to catch them, but it was because ho did not give the priests the sole control of tho university that they voted against it. Mr, Lowe was put up to say that tho gagging clauses would be withdrawn, but notwithstanding that, tho House was so indignant that they voted against the bill. No doubt some of the Liberals, as Mr. Playfair and others, voted for it with the intention of metamorphosing it in committee, but if it had been originally introduced without that attempt at mutilating human 'learning, it would have met with no opposition from the Liberals, After that the Liberals could have no confidence in a Government that was so lost to a sense of their position that they would degrade the intellect of tho House of Commons,' by pro- posing a university from which tho study of history was to be excluded. Mr. Gladstone resigned his position, and he (Mr. Buchanan) would have been glad if another had taken his place, for he had shown himself a true coward and reckless of all principle. He was as ready to serve Popery as any other mummery, and there was very little ' sympathy with him in his defeat. It was degrading to that -House, that they should consent to tho exclusion of history from their Public schools because there were a few Roman Catholics in them. When they were dealing with the public money, they should not regard any sect,but they should' give the very best education they could find. He did not wonder that tho people did not aoud thoir children to the Public schools, when the grandest part of all knowledge was to be to them a dead letter. . And wo were not to have this grand source of human knowledge in the Public schools, because there were a few Roman Catholics in the country. Why was it that Roman Catholics could not listen to tho history of tho Battle of tho Boyne? Tho superstition known as Popery, Ro- manism, or whatever other name it might be called, became so gross and unendurable, diffusing all around it wrongs and miseries, that the priests rose up in arms against it and proclaimed it a lie. And now our children were to be kept in utter ignorance of tho history of tho Reformation and of Luther, because a few priests objected to its being taught. [Tho hon. member bore nar rated a recent occurrence in France in support of his animadversions on.tho Roman Catholic Church ] He than (proceeded to say that it was in deference te the Roman Catholics that tho windows of tho Public schools were to be darkened, that the grand sun of English history Was not to illumine the darkness, Tho greatest intellects of France, Germany, America, England had acknowledged that there was not a grander study than history. Without being well grounded in history it was impossible to under- stand any other department of literature. And when we were expending £110,000 a year in establishing a system of public instruction, was that system to be humiliated and degraded, in deference to any priestcraft or sectarianism that surrounded us ? Would not hon. members be betraying their trusts and betraying tho public interests in the highest degree if they let tho Public schools go on any longer without this grand branch of human knowledge being taught. . Tho children would leave the schools only half-educated, utterly ignorant of the rise and progress of science, literature, or com- merce, or the grand events recorded in English history. They would leave without any desire to increase their knowledge. But if tho motion he had submitted was agreed to, and carried into effect, the children would most probably leave the schools with tho foundations laid of an insatiable curiosity for knowledge. Would there be a single' member of that House, he asked, who would be opposed to imparting to tho children of this colony a knowledge of history ? Surely there would not be a single membor who would dissent from such a proposition. Surely there was no hon. member who wished to stifle human know- ledge, who would not trample upon that sectarianism that would deprive the people of intellectual fodder. He saw tho bon. member for Kiama very vigilant, and making very elaborate'notes. Ho hod no doubt the hon. member was going to say something of this sort. [Mr. STEWART: No.I am not; it is not worth while.! Eh ? [Mr. STEWART : It is not worth while.) Tho oxouso put forward was that teachers had no time to teach history. But he did not care if only half-an-hour every day was devoted to it. He did not say that children were to be sent from school adepts at history. All he aimed at was that this useful branch of knowledge should not be ignored ; the only argument against it being taught was that it was offensive to tho Roman Catholics. Why should 'not the children know about the massacre of St. 'Bartholomew ? [Mr. STEWART: What good would - it do them to know it ?] That remark was charac teristic of.the hon. member. That was' the sort of logic with which the hon. member dealt with almost every subject. Of course he did not think tho hon. mem- ber for Kiama would admit that any knowledge would do the children good but a knowledge of veterinary surgery. (Laughtor.) ' What knowledge would do the hon. member any good ?Would a knowledge of tho play of Hamlet do him any good ? He did not believe it would. Ho did not believe the non. member had tho slightest conception of ¡that splendid drama. He did not think there was a single line in it that the hon. member ' fur Kiama could understand. [Mr. STEWART ; It's all untrue] That's tho answer of the hon. member. He '(Mr. Buchanan) said there was not a greater truth. [Mr., STEWART : It is all false.] Not if the bon. member 'had an eye to see it. But the hon. member, not having an eye to see it, it was imperceptible to him. Let, us proceed _ ¡to Othello, the Midsummer Night's Dream. , Where would the hon. member be ? Tho Registrar-General's report was what the hon. member understood, and considered jmbtime and magnificent. But Shakespere was a dead letter to him.. The hon. member might any there was no magnificence in Milton, {Mr. STEWART: I have never read it] He did not believe if tho hon. member were to read it he would derive any satisfaction from it, Tho hon, member could not help it; it was his idiosyncrasy. But they were invaluable for all that. Three centuries had endorsed their value. He did not suppose tho hon. member would set up his judgment against three centuries. [Mr. STEWART : They are all lies.] (Laughter.) That ,was the,hon. member's incapacity. -He thought it would be vain to en deavour to convince tho hon. member. All that had been said to-night was said when he brought forward tho question last session ; and he was surprised that he had never re- ceived a satisfactory answer. No attempt was made by tho Colonial Secretany to grapple with the subject at all. Nor\ .did other speakers, the bon., member .being one of them, throw any light on the subject. 'Tho hori. member for lllawarra, was in favour of tho motion, and he believed; spoke in favour of it, and found fault with the Government for inconsistency in refusing to teach history, whilst Scripture history was taught . He had no objection"' \- to Scripture history being taught; but he was an advocate for secular education. Hit believed tho proper place for religious instruction was home, tho Sunday school, and tho church.. But., in a school where all sects were assembled, tho teachin should be secular,.. This exclusion of secular history from tho teaching of Public schools was so fatal a defect in their system that no terms could be too extravagant in which to denounce it; whilst it was perfectly painful to know- that our children were growing up under a defective system which, with so little double, might be rendered useful. With such a defect staring them in tho face, he appealed with confidence to bon. members to apply a remedy. Mr. PARKES: If tlio time should ever come that history should be taught in our Public schools, he sincercly teusted that, the hon, member who had just,, sat down would not be tho historian ; for certainly tho passages of history which tho hon, member had quoted were not the most inviting for tho education of youth. He was, somewhat at a loss to discern what object tlio hon. member could have had in introducing into his speech the large number of subjects he had brought into it' ' What object could he have had in introducing tho' defeat of Mr. Gladstone on tho Irish Universities Bill.' j But if tin» bon. member had any object to serve, tho least ho i could have .done would have been to have stated the circumstances of that defeat with something like fairness. I If this had been done, tho hon. member would not have' , gained much from tho fact of tho defeat of the Irish Uni- versities Bill, since that defeat bad been caused by the Tories' and the Irish members, and then only by a narrow majority. Tho whole of tho Liberal members of tho House, with tho exception of a small number charac | terised by Mr. Gladstone as " the waiters upon Providence, who, like the rolling cargo of a ship, always in times of jieril gave their weight against the vessel," had given it. their support. Then, again, what possible roferonoc to this motion had tho lady blazing with diamonds; nor could ho seo how any of tho bon. member's remarks upon sec- tarianism ivero in'any way called for. The question wa* ono purely of a practical character- how could thoy boat give tho means of primary instruction in our Public schools ? The teaching of history had been excluded from our schools for reasons which had been found sufficient in the estimation of men of tho highest intellect in all parts of the world, and in all parts was this teaching excluded. ' Mr GARRETT : If is not excluded qn the Coatinont. Mr. PARKES : I believe that it is excluded on the Continent. Captain ONSLOW : Will you state tho reasons why it has been excluded here ? Mr. PARKES: Tho reason would be given in its place, but it was the same which was obtained in Ireland, and had caused tho exclusion of this teaching from all the schools and universities there. For tho same reason it had been excluded from tho University of Sydney-from a University established by one who had been looked up to as the most liberal-minded man in tho colony. No objection had yet been raised to this ; but on the contrary, tihs omission had always been held to be a crowning mark of its liberality. ' Mr. BUCHANAN : I don't think any niombor over knew it. l.know I aid not. Mr. PARKES ! That was a singular thing for tho hon. member to say, niter having been a momber ef Parliament so long a time. Certainly, after having distinguished him-1 self so much as he had done¡ the lion, member ought to have made himself acquainted with the system of instruction adopted in our various educational institutions. But now suppose Parliament were to say that history, ought i to be taught, then tho question would come-What was history ? Many of tho most eminent men now living have characterised history as being nothing more than a gigantic catalogue of falsehoods. Carlyle and Kingsley have de- nounced history as a misrepresentation of actual facts. It was well known that all our standard histories gave facts in the most opposite lights. Hume on tho one hand, and Lingard on the other, were entirely opposed to each other ; whilst over and over again histories had been written pur- posely to correct the mistakes of other historians. Carlyle, too, had told us that the only way to get at true history was not from books of history, so called, but from tho records of tho countries, and from those of families who had taken leading- parts in the public events of tho day. If it were possible to obtain a class book of history that would contain a veracious and unobjectionable outline of history such as could be taught in our public schools, such a book would be most invaluable. None more than tho members of the ' Council of Education acknowledge the absence of history to be a defect in tho system. Our system purposed to be, a system of primary instruction of tho best kind that can be obtained. The system was paid for from the public revenue, and therefore from all tho people of the country without dis tinctlon of creed and condition, since tho money came from the pockets of all classes. Thus its advantages ought to be held out in the fullest measure to all, and that it might be availed of to tho greatest extent it must be kept entirely free from every feature of our objectionable character. How- was this to be done when they invited to the reading of a Protestant history, not only the children of Protestants, but those of Catholics, and those of person who did not come within' the pale ,of Christianity at all ? How could they invite tho attendance of all when they in- sisted upon some version of history which in the opinion of one or the other was detestable. If Lingard's history were introduced into our schools would not Protestant parents ob- i ject ; so, if the Protestant version were used might it not be expected that Catholic parents would object. In fact, if any history were taught to which some person of' even extreme views objected, he would be perfectly right in doing so. How was it possible, then, to introduce historical teaching until they had some class book of history different from any that now existed. Individually he had long regretted that thot . had no such class book, and when ho had been a member ot ? the Council of Education on a former occasion he had brought the subject before tho Council ; but at the very outrct he had found the matter perfectly beset with diffi- ' culties. Who was to be responsible for the compilation of such a history ? Everywhere it had been recognised that ' such a compilation was a most difficult task; and though hundreds ot such compilations had boon made, vorv few ol' - them had found thoir way permanently into «cheela. And tho hon. member alluded to Macaulav's history-but how.' was that to bo taufht in schools '< l'hore was no abridg-i intent of it available., though ho was prepared to admit that - }if there eould bo an abridgment of a sound and unobjec itionablo character, such a thing would be most desirable. Ilio bad, however, at times thought thora could scat eely bel jim objection to a bistort- ef tliis colony ; and perhaps, after ' .all, that would bo tho most desirable kind of history to (teach in our echools. Mr. FORSTER : What would it say about tho Kiamal ghost F ' Mr. PARKES did cot understand the reference, nor seo ' jtho wit of the hon. member's observation. H o wo vor, he ¡did not «ee why such a history night not bectvnipilod; but! ¡then carno the question, who was to do it f-under whoso ¡responsibility was it to bo prepared V. But he admitted that | ¡,-iuy history of that kind that would be a faithful represen- tation of the course of events in this colony would bo most ¡valuablo, especially if it came from the pen of some indi ri- lli uni who had a true conception of -what waa wanted., Tim ¡bon. member's resolutions wero objectionable because they jw ero inoperative. He comineactsd by stating 'distinctly,. land in language that could not be misunderstood, ¡that "tho Government should, forthwith, adopt jiuenns by which instruction in history shall bo tiniparted in till echools nubsidi.'fd by the Sute.", Tho Government had no powor-no administrative power -ever this'system of priman- instruction. What h!id been done had been done by Parliament and it was ex- ' »rt'ssly provided that tho whole direction of primary 1 education should be in the hands of a body which Pin lia. ' ment created. If the Goyomment were to interfere, they would interfere in direct viulntion of the law, and in total ignorance of what was really required. It was expressly lintonded and provided that tho system of education under ¡tho Publio Schools Act should be conducted by ? a body ¡created by the Parliament of the country, and (but all .Appointments and regulations should be mode exclusively ¡by tbem. Tho Government could no moro interfere to ¡protcribo any alterations in the course of secularinstruction ¡than it could interfere in any of their appointments as. ¡teachers, çr'in any of their rules for the training,of scholars, i Mr. BUCHANAN : If backed by the authority of Par- lament, the Government could interfere. ! Mr. PARKES: The only way in which tho Parlia inent could bock up the Government was to pass a moasuro ¡nmondiDg tlio law. ' This resolution would not in any way ' | ¡repeal the provisional of the statute. So far as tho English peoplo wero concerned, wherever a system of public instruc- tion, such as,that which obtained here, existed history .had not been taught, and for the reasons which ho bad'stated, 'that no history coavld be taught which w-ould bo acceptable lo all classes., j Mr. GARRETT: History ia taught in the endowed 'schools of England. j Mr. PARKES : History was not taught in the National tschooli.of Ireland. It waa not taught in schsolt corroa ¡pondiag to these ; it was not taught in any school in the ¡British Empire where there was an attempt to bring to- gether the children of all creeds and all classes. < j Mr. BUCHANAN : It is taught in the schools under Mr. Forstcr's Bill. I Mr. PARKES : But the school« created and supported ¡«néerMr. Forster*« bill wera very much more denominational 'in their character than tho Fnblio schools of thii colony; and tin no way answered io the character 01 the National schools 'in Ireland. Neither in Canada nor ia the other colonies lin no place where there had been, an attempt to establish ¡schools on so bread a basis as te admit children ef all divi- sions of religion, and to admit them without well founded 'objection was history taaght; and for the obvious reason (that ne history could be found which would not create division in the minda of parents instantly) end destroy the ¡echools. The moment you introduced history yen de- stroyed the schools, unios» yea could find som» history which would be almost universally accepted. Ho was not going to mere the previous question, and ho was, not going to vote against tha first resolution, bocauso ho admitted the serious character of the defect which existed." Ho intended to rnovo an amendment, which ho ventured to think -would commend itself to the House: ' Ho proposed ; that all tho words in the first lino after the word " House " ' .s;»! ,li«Xurr:i2,t,t:t'i^ should be omitted down to tho word " England " in the fourth Uno, with a viow to the ínsortion of tho following words :-" That tho Government should bring under the notice of tho Counoil of Education tho defect in tho system 'Of primary instruction, which is caused by tho omission ' of the toaching of history, and obtain a report from the' - Council on tho subject to bo; laid before Parliament." By this means thoy would obtain, ii oin the persons who'ba'd «lost experience in tho ronntry,, \> ho understood Hib pViie titnlworking of tho st »tem: their reasons why ¿hoy ihoughl lhat it waai incompatible with Un> working of the system ' lo iiiRDduce'; biston, or their reasons why thoy thought that simm modified system, "raicflit bo introduced. They writ'the most competent'to form a correct opinion; and he w us suio the House didnol want to proceed in a multar so intimately .connected with primary education without tho fällest" knots ledge. Hi« amendment simply askod for this information; and then tho Hiinso omi lil Uko what course they thought tit with this furthor Knowledge before ( tlirm. ! Captain ONSLOW thought that the country might bo I congratulated that tho Colonial Socrotary admitted that | (hete was a defect in, tho oxiRting system; and h > thougla that the mover would do wo'l to allow tho nuiendmont ! to pass.' It was difilcult to find a histery that would bo j itcttptablo to all portions of tho community, but a history might bo obtained which would be acceptable to a great immy. And thou people I wero not required to belicvo what was taught in I history so much as to ' know what othors said > was true. Ho was not Biiro tlntt it was right to say that | Iho Roman Catholic« were advorso to history being taught, I und be btlit veil that' C'obbett's History of um Reformation i wits taught in all.theirDenominational «chuula. Ho firmly ' bilievcd that the Council of Education could find pomona who v enid draw np a «nitablo history, oven of this colony ; , but us the bon. member for Illawarra had remarked, tho j same objections' would arise to that. How would the action ! of the Government whon tho Duko of Edinburgh's life was attempted be represented f Some put olio construction I upon it, and sonio another. Somo thought that tho not to j which he referred was tho act of a lunatic, and it might bo that (hero were still nomo who thought that tho crimo arose | fiom prilifical motives. He thought that tho amend- ment which had been proposed would bo pro- ductive of somo good; and ho waa not auro j that n select, committee might no1 with -advant iga bo appoint ed to inquire into this matter. But if the subject were hundid over to Uio Council of Education, typ might ,tru,st j tluni to giro us somo reasons why history Bhould not be | taught, II e admitted that there waa a danger1 of attehipting j to trarh too much in our Publio schools, of of teaching j things which wero not most useful to thoso who in'after-' j life would have to work for their living* Wo womal! i Înmd of having descended from England, from Great i Iriluin and .Ireland ; and ho hoped that tho history of j >.nglnnd would bo'taught and admired by children yd I unborn. (Hear, hear.) ¡ Mr. FORSTER was not quito sure that tho morer liad been fairly dealt with by thoso who accused him of being lnelevant; end tho Colonial Secretary had, as was usual with that bon. member, transgreaned tlio nile which ho lind in a tone of assumed superiority laid down. Tho lion, number for the Western Gold Fields waa in orror when hu thonght' p'rojier 'to allude to bim as having spoken and toted in intour of similar resolutions bist Bossion. 1 be hon. number waa emito wrong thora. His recollection of what ho staf«l was, that ho spoke in deprecation of tho opinion expressed by'the. hon. member for Kiama,'who, lie thought, stntid that history was unnecessary. That i bon. grnthninn seemed lo think that history was not at nil necessary as a j-»rt of any education. Mr. STEWART : Not as now written. Mr. FORSTER did not know that tho writing of any j particular hibtory was a reason for excluding it. Tho lion I gentle num on that occasion took upon himself to denounce tlio teaching of history na atiageUior uiidesirahlo, and ha | (Mr. Foi si er) took a contrary view, that it waa right to i itiie.li hibtory iin any comprehensive »ystem of education I Ho stid so now. Ihey could not have a porfoct system of edu<«lum if thoy did not teach history. , (Hoar^ boar,; Hu contended (bat it was- impossible to leach any mind without lenebiiig histoiy lo some o-ttent, for if tho grout argument in fat our of public teaching was, that wo ought to train up our subjis'ts to understand and obey the laws of tlio coun- try , he should like to know how that could be dono without teni bing history. Ile did not say that they wore to introduce particular rceoids, which were rilled history, many of which, he admitted, were not to be depended upon altogether, but history might l>e taught lif a comparison of records, and taught in a way tbnt would produce a moro lieneScial effect upon the toung mind than anything else whatever. [Mr. BUCHANAN: Hoar, hear.] The effet t upon the minti I itself of the compaiison of views, of learning, character, flic elimination of great principles, attd,above all, the belief in and-admiration of great deed«, made it a most important i , hi tineh of any education whatever. '[Mr. BUCHANAN: Hi nr, hi sr ] Bul it liera m o altogether a différant question winn wo were asked to interfere with the Council of Edu- cation in order to compol them te teach what wo aro told flit') lind thought proper to exclude. They wera not thore to settle the question of universal education. It would than be tillite a difieient question, and it would be unnecessary for him, after what he h«d stated, to endeavour to persuade tim House 'that the probability was, if ha were naked to exprefs «n opinion na to whether history shonld bo in- cluded in unlvontal education, that he should consider it would bo necessary to includo it, becauso universal éducation in his mind Bhould bo tho most i templete ft stein of education po-siblo. Thoy wera now to eoiiside llic question of a modo of teaching of a peculiar kind, which had been established by public funds, for the btut'til ol iill-olur-sesv He altogether dissented from tho view luid deewn by the ban. Colonial Secretary, who advancod as the (ht or) of education ¡n thisoolony that it was to bo edu- cation of the best ihiiriiotorthitt could bo obtained. . Ho did not iitidustnnd it in' that way; because, if s<»t ho did no1 see how they could exclude history and religion. They kntw thst'thcro were certain objections to the teaching of' history and'religion 'in our Public- school«; but he nmin tiiiiu-d that tlio omission of religion was ono proof that we did not aim at tho best system of oducution. He thought that in our system we selected certain branches, which it WHS found easy to Jonch with ooonoroy, and that these, biunchcs wero lo bo taught so as toenubfo tho scholars in our schools, after reaching n certain stage, to bo perfected in fheir education Ijy other machinery which the S uto could not afford. ; Mr. PARKES enid that, as far as he hud listened to and understood which be (Mr. Parkes) perhaps failed to express. He stuted that this system of primary education could be obtained. . > Mr. FORSTER was exceedingly happy to find that he lind expressed hmtcelf in terms which wero in accord with the views of tho hon.' Colonial Secretary. It appeatod to linn that tho hon. gentleman expressed, or intended to txpress, pretty nearly what ho (Mr. Forster) stated-that tin se Public schools wero never intended to bo more than prnnaiy. But, at the .same tinto, it might be fairlyiquos tiontd whether any of these higher branches of education rbould bo taught or not. Wo had left it to a body to whom we bad delegated the power which we might have r> tinned in our own hands of determining what bmnahes should be taught, and to What extent touching should be ¡carried; but he thought that tho difficulty of including ¡ religion in a great degree occurred when they tried to ¡ embrace other branches of education. Any sort of educa . non involving opinioa wa» likely to bo attended by some ! (lunger. Ho thought no better proof of the difficulty of I dialing with biston- could bo advanced than was advanced in the ins« to which he alluded when ho interrupted the bon. Colonial Secretary, who,then expressed his entire ¡fiioiiince of. what was mount. Tho hon, gentleman waa number of tile Government at a time winn Jbtre was a very strong pro-Protestant filling in this colont-ho behoved a tery absurd feeling and a great horror of.itc.man Catholicism. It was fashionable then to ahupe tho Pope, and he balioved the hon. member for tile Western Gold-fields would bitvo been cheered if ho bud spoken on that occasion and nt that time. They all ritollected tho time when the Treason Felony Act was introduced," Blid'when the 'bon. memoor for Kiama, the bon. number for East Macquarie (Mr. Cummings), und himsflf were the .only threo members who ventuied to oppose the Government and the introduction of the clause which covered tho colony with ridiculo in England. (Cheers ) The croton Press of tho colony did not ventura to «ay n wotd until they found the way in which this clause was received in England. Tho part he and tho ¡other gtntlnnin ho had named took wus received at any j rato with utter silence, and no credit was given to them for ¡thecouiso thoy adopted, although it was endorsed by tho opinions of a large number of peoplo in England and in the UottFO of Commons. (Hear, hoar.) 1 hat was tbo t time to which ho referred when the bon. gentleman went to hi« constituents, and made two speeches caatainincr, Statements to the effect that widespread con- spiracies existed in the colony against tho Crown of Great Britain. He naado a speech as a Minister of the Crown, and stated that a murder was committed, al- though it appeared that the body wus not found, and had not be«n found to this day. He took a reporter with him, as ho always did, and was reported to tho effect he had statt d, but whether ho etatod so or not ho certainly led to the implication that the Go- vernment wero Jposseseod of information that would ' enable Í cic«. (Hear, hear.) Well, the hon. gentleman must nave been under »o (tress a'deration as almost to have rendered himself amenable to the law which, incarcerated people for not having their wits about them. If the bon. gentleman wus not Jelling a falsehood he was under a gross delu- sion. Mr. FARKES: I never said what Iho hon. gentlema» states I did. Mr. FORSTER said he believed that nine mon out of j ten in the coloav would endorse what he was saying now. (Hear, hear.) 'He was quite sure that ef the bon. gentle- man'« supporters new «ittin» behind him, willing as thoy were to rappurt the present Government, very fow wonld bo found who would not endorso gonerally the substantial ' (ruth of what be said, that the bon. gentleman went about j ti« country and rando two speeches to the effect ho had I »tatfd. . Mr. PARKES said tho two speeches to which tho hon. ! wtouter .referred wero delivered in 1808, between the months of July and September, and could be readily t lound. He challenged tho hon. gentleman to produce ¡ the speeches, and find passages such as ho described. I They did not exist. Mr. FORSTER aaid that in what he «fated he wus only expressing the opinions of a great number of hon. mem- bers of the House, and what tho hon. gentleman had stated in explanation waa very good, evidence of the groat ¡ difficulty, ol writing jach, a hisUiry aa the han, genllannn. had recommended should bo written in order that it might lie taught in the Public sobools of thi« colony. Ho should like to know wlut roliiuico could bo placed upon a history written by tlio hoiu.gentleman. (Hear, hear.) The hon. 'gentleman wnkuot tifo one to publish such a history, or the Government of which ho wa» n mombor; and if ho expected »uch a Watery to bo boliorod in by the colony It must not bo published undor his auspices.- (Hoar, hoar.) How, is this question to bo dealt with in lhie>ndw,colonial hiatory ? ,And so with a great many other oocurronoe» at Ihowûnb piinod, whon the whole colony waa in. assort of blind Jury «gainst a certain class of persons who had shown ' themselves,,'to be good Christians by tho manner in which they lind forgiven tho bon. gentleman. Somo of thoso good Christum» had contirivod to put money, into their pocket« by it. That was not tlio case with all of them. Thora wore a le« who bud enjoyed high aularios ; their Christianity had not re« cb i d Ibu «anio high disinlerosfednotui which thoy wero bound to accredit a number j>f others with who had autfored, but whp'bod not oqually profited, with Bomo of tlio bon. ut nlknian'e colleagues. How would tho case of O'Farroll be eh alt w ith hy tho present Government ? Wa« it likoly the bon. gentleman would publish a history of that caso that bo would s'ato distinctly that ho induced that mun to ranko a revelation whilo ho had a reporter planted behind tho door taking down his statements (e boors:)-the man not being aware that these would bo usod «gainst him, Wits this a kind of thing tho hen. gontloman would bring prominently and truthfully forward in this niw history ? He did not think it was vory likoly he would, 'iho probability was that thoy would havo some suth uocount a« ho bad tried to palm upon thom in retard to the Kinma ghost. Porhaps, also, the han. gontloman would not ko vtry likoly to inform tho public of thi» cojony m this history, finit when Hie Kiama ghost story was men- tioned in the Houso of Commons it waa received with execration by both sides of tlio House. > > Mr. PAKKES : That certainly is not a faet. Mr. FORS'lER : Tho Government of that day lind been guilty of grots treachery in that matter, and he maintained thut O'Fiirrell bud been judicially murdered, because he was not fairly tried. Thoao and other instances would show the enormous difficulty of writing a hiatory that would bo suitable for our Public schools. Thom was the political an well as the religious difficulty. As long as j irty spirit ran to tho height, mid exhibited tlio bitterness it generally ox lnbitid in this colony, ho feared that no political history would bo written that could obtain tho credence of mankind , generally. He did,not think tho .Government could bo lniily tiusfcd with tho writing of such a history. Pcrhap« |nu Gotrtnmont formed undur our system of representation etiuld bo tnibted with such a work. Ho thought thoy ought to bo very careful how they interfered with tho action of the Council of Education, to whom thi« particular biuiith of duty waa confided. Ho thought the motion ought to bo precede d by somo inquiry into tlio matter. t Ho, how ever, npudiatcd the doctrine that it was illegal for* this House to interioro. A motion of this Houso might well , coine in the form of an instruction to tho Government to luke a certain courpo ; when it would bo (he duty of tho Government to uso what moons thoy could obtain from tho Council of Education,! concurrunco with'tho opinion of tho liou.-c, or It' would bo their duty to lind a Council that would fulfil tho wishes of tbo House. It seemed to him Hint, (lie w ill of this House ought to be puntmuiuit ia' this limiter. At tho sanio timo ho felt disposed to be caution« in tho cxerciM of that power. Seeing that the quistion wns encumbered with Buch difficulties, ho thought it would be unwise in the Houso to pass a resolution of tho I emphatic character presented ,by tho hon. member for the Wistcm Gold-Holds. If the Colonial 'Secrotary had not moved tho amendment ho had moved, ho should have thought it his duty to move the previous qnestion. But the uintndnient wubin effect tho samo thing, and with tho fin thcr ndtantngo that it would lend to an inquiry into tho matter, snd perhaps auch deliberation by tho Council of Education as they could not but hopo would load to a ultu factory result. (Cheers.) Mr. STEWART had Hstóned'fo tho speech of th'o bon. li» tuber for Illawarra with a good deal pt disappointment. Ile thought it was a pity gontlonion could not dobato ti question without diverging into matters whinli waru in no way concerned with tho subject in hand and referred to past times. Mr. FORSTER : It was quite in point. Mr. STEWART: Such language did no good, and re fit cle-d no Credit on lite frentlcman who used it. This w is tho second timo that tho lion, raembor for thoWoatern Gold- field« hud called attention to the propriety'of touching history ia Public schools. He should havo thought, after what wss «aid last session, and after tho thorough consider- ation Unit ho ought lo have given it, that ho would havo been prepared to say something to the point. At all ovents, he Bhould havo known for what purposo the Public school st stem had boon instituted, and what had been the acopo of the System. He seemed not to know this. He talked about it n« if it was ,a system which was to bo complète und final, whereas m point of fact it waa simply an elementary system of reading, wrting, arithmetic, and a few other ¡subject«-all things which enable a acholar to express tahiti i ho means and te -understand what other peoplo mean. It enabled the scholar, in other words, to bcoomo his own schoolmaster ; it oiicncd to him the whola world of books, and all that ho could learn by figures, lotters, writing, and drawing. It was impossible that an elementary system of education ceuld be anything else than this without being' an injustice to the whole community. You could not give moro than, iho elemente to the wbolo peoplo ; and he re i grctted (he obsen-ation that tho Colonial Secretary and also I the President of the Council of Education had made to the ¡oflect that it was desirable to promote a highor kind of odu 'cation. Tho law would not allow anything uko n modol st hool where Latin and mathematics could bo taught. It 'would be an injustice te tbo whole of the community, Í because tho grenter part of tho children could not prolong jihur attendance at those schools beyond ton, twelve, or sfourtefn years of ago. It was only a favoured tow who leonld,,»fiord .to keep their children at «ohool until they ¡attained the ago of twenty. It was the utmost that a j toucher could do to give a boy an elementary education in ¡English if he left school before fourteen yours of ago. Ho ¡regarded Hie Grammar Behool and tho University as a ! grievous injustifo in BO far a» thoy wore a burden upon ¡the public, lind it was sn illufltratiou of tho old system of ¡despotism which made the rich richer and the poor poorer. He thought there wus really no time to teach history in the ' Public schools, where the children loft BO young. If there ¡wcie tune, something elso might bo taught, though the 'bon. member for tho Western Gold-floltis had such an ¡admiration for it. It did not follow that children in the 'Public schools wore as wiso and great as ho was. His opinion was that the greater part of history was fable. > All ! histories were written under partisan feelings. For in- I stance, one hundred books had been written about Mary ¡Queen of Scotland. 1 hey might be divided into two classes -ono representing her as almost a saint and an angel, while the other made her out to be a« bad a woman a« ever | lit ed. Which of these books should bo introdtioad into tbo l'ublio school«? Anothor important ch-tpter in British history, the Reformation, waa dosenbed in very diffoient terms by William Cobbett and Bishop Burnett. Which of those histories wa« to be sent to the Public school ? How would these two book» be interpreted by children ï Tho thing was pre- posterous. And then it waa put forward as a reason why history shtuld be taught in Publie schools that men uko Carlyle and Freude had mad« it their study. But it had been to weed out of it tho falsehoods- it contained. It waa very possible the real truth of history never ceuld be tknown; and perhaps it was not of vory great consequence whether it ever wa» known. There were somo things that might be taken as lessons for the futuro, but they constituted n very small part of hiatory. Ho thought they would get far more instruction lrom the history of Bomo, of Spain, and of Francs« during the last 150 years than from the history of England. History was so entangled with falsohood that it required men of moro than ordinary genius to under- stand it ; and te talk of laying it before tho children in tho Publie sehoola was childish. The bon. memter for the Western Gold-fields told us that history was tho foundation of all knowhdgo. Thero never was a greater falsehood uttered. So fur from knowledgo being founded upon history, it was founded upon evidence and facts, whilo history waa made up of fables, falsehoods, and errors. The ibon, member did aot know what knowledge meant. Waa ¡thero 'not knowledge bofore thore was history; and had 'thoso no knowledgo who lived boforo thero wa« history '< It ¡wa« possible that from nome of the histories something 'might be discovered worth knowing, but ho did nat th nk ¡lhere would be mush. It was not true that history repeat* 'itself. That could cot be the case, unless all tbo circum Is Unces were the «attie. If the whole of the circumstances ¡weionot the «amé the results -would bo different, and tlio ¡circumstance» that would produce certain resulta in 1873, Iwuuld produco different results in 1973. If it were possiblo ¡in the Public school« to teach «omething more than the I mere elements, ho thought thero were many other things 'beside» history, much moro fitting to bo taught. There iwere certain ¿ranches of learning that might bo useful to lull classes of society, and it waa disgraceful to those who ilive at this day, that we do not know what we ought to 'teach to our boys and girl«, after theelemonte of knowledge I bud boen imparted fairly and fully. Some Bay Greek, somo j say Latin, «onie say both'together, and «erne Bay mathematics. ¡But the question bad not been so solved that thara waa no Wiinety of »pinion upon it He thought therre were many ¡things more north knowing than «ome of the subjects 'taught in our higher schools and universities, such a« 'knowledge of the wing«, about us, and of the things nearest ¡tons. Anatomy, for instance, ho ceneidored much more worth knowing than n knowledge of things that happened | ' years nnd j ears ago. To study, the things about u«, w hat 'wa ceuld do to them, and wkat they could do to us, would bo a far mero valuable knowledge than the knowledge of words. 'We do not knew what chunges the atmosphere produces ?upon us, and yet our live» aro often affected by thoso ¡changes, and might be saved if we had n better knowledge jef such things. Somo in that room might havo the ieesis |the reason of thi«, We did not eton know tho i geography of our own country, and wo ought to ¡know that before wo began tho geography^ of other countries. Wo might, with advantage, know a little moro about oureelve«; we might have a slight knowledge ,of anatomy, which might often be the means of saving life, especially in this country, where peoplo often Hvod at great distances from any medical man. He knew of an instance himself whero a man, in «kinning a bullock, lot the knife run, divided an artery, and bled to death, whereas ¡a very little knowledgo of anatomy might have saved his life. I his knorvledgo might be dasily uoqnired, from a .study of the structure of the lower aniñáis. This waa one ¡kind of knowledge that would be invnluablo in a country ¡hko thi»,«nd yetitwa» entirely neglected, whilo our boya ' »ero was ting th,oir time, in the atuAy of, Greek and Latin. There were many branche» of Ithowlodgo besides chomittrj ¿iitl'i .iMi'bje,iVj liu«<'.vnwA.'" '**J »\iMl»'l íü I. and anatomy, which might be taught in «nob. a way " f» be generally naoful. Law, for instanoe. imÄt u , taught « . as to prevent litigation, and koo? people oui of, the clutches of the lawyers ana i? judge*.' Thôoloïry, botany, geology, all those things miehf* bo learned from the mero application of books . and if ti lion, mcmbor was going to find out a now article of fnew lionjfor our Public schools, ho (Mr. Stewart) ¿uM 2Si* lum that a knowledge of ourselves and of thinirs »l.""i wore tho»o that ought to bo learned. Ho did not ki "* cxactlT.how.ho should voto upon this question, but h! should certainly voto against the motion of tho bon in,T ber for tho WcBtcrn GoTd-fields. no did not know w" over, whether it wore wiso to refer the queationto ihn Vii. eil of Education, for it would fall\pon the C%T, Secretory *» drew, up the report. He »bemit «fterdî I4 weuld be obliged toS-oto foMhoameninenfef to. OrS.-. Secretary ; they would got a report, but it would not ¡bïa tnifhful ono, and it would eomo to uothing. Ho knn» "Î | the hon. member for tho Western Goldi-uSd« had^bllw. fonvard this motion-ho would not mind tho omlnlio» 1« l history so much as the reason why it ww 0mi,Lv»f ¡Hi. (Mr. Buchanan) thought it wá omitted oÄ i deference to tho powor exorcised by the onnlnsi.Tit ï ;authoritiee,«nd he (Mr. .Stewart) aympafliÄ«ffi tin tl.at respect. Hu» BO long «a . tío se authwiu« Î2 , power to control their people, ho «unnoted ttmw «¡T.i . up with it. So long as tU ftü^oritiSÄ&Ä there was nothing for it but to try and teach tbHj, that they were being deceived. Some of (££ ~£ ignorant that they did not know that they werodSitS the people, but tho grcutei.part'of themkneV SÄS Byatem waa nothing but an organised Bystem for ««urbí ' ho secular government of tho people, In mimySof l the world they had Buecoedod in doing this anàthTl«. i why they wanted to do the samo fjnng hero. But for al]that ' j lodidnotseothat the hon.' pombor was likely te fat«* by bringing forward a motion of that kind. Thoonlw^!. was to enlighten the laity. Ho did not, intend to miau?/ but ho did,not like to lot thomAago^iihoïS ' something, bocmiso ho thought tho acopo and intentai»? the Public Schools Act wal. not thow^SSrSrf' Ho hoped they would hoar nothing moro abortitaÄ . something moro into our elementary school« *"i-"""5 Mr. J ROBERTSON desired to «ay that liVlSpUl thm motion a vçry undoeirable.ono. Ho thouaht &S.; thoso who gavo tho least attention te tho desirabllitr oft pubho or a national Bysternpf celucation desired toV« ¡that kind of cducatto» which should enable everything t, jbo taught that could be taught, without aróromg oontri. '' ¡vonual «ubjeçta. And thus it was that history was excluded from our Public school« Ho did Ji&t; suppose thai au» memrasr of that HoriRO who had supported oftWtho Ptibha ' SchoolsBill.or. thoNahonal system of education was onDosed to tho teaching of religion, if all wore of tho samo offia. ¡But morderlo be warranted in using thépubunïmmoj ¡the froching of religion wa« oxcladed from-tho school».' ¡and bo took it that it waa much the «amewith regari tí the ' ¡teaching of history. He did not think it vfoul4b«po»iibl(i te, select books thnt would accord with tho view's of áuolMse». ' thereforo he thought thery woro perfectly warranted intn» i xcluirion of history, 'If the Public school« taitght every- thing that cenld be taught Without raising controreray ia that way- they would curry out quite a« ranch UMafdbe expected. It wa« not toaohing history that he objected to. - but it was teaching history whe-ro people differed asi therefore bo thought thoy hod better koop itouU t \ ,. Mr. WEST did not intend to detain tho House Ion» . ho had interoded to voto for the resolution, but when hehaara , thr amendment of tho Colonial Secretary, he thoight tatt it mot tho question in a vory fair way, and he thought it better io leave tho matter in the hands of thé Council of.' Education. Ha did not bolievo in teaching religion in our se linois. A'«' a local patron for a long poriod, he hid found t hat tho present Education Act had dona a very gnat deal, to educate tho youth of this country, and h6 did not fhlaKÍ any bill could have conferred moro benefit. .He objectai' to the introduction'df sectarian dHTorencca ;" lettJii ehRdr«, go to the ohurohea to which they belonged in ord» tolbar*' ' leligion. Thbro was one, greht.principlo in 'religion wHoh they should all act up to-todo unto other« as they would t e done by. Ho thought tho debate ought now to cease, and tho anirüsmcnt of the Colonial Secretary be earrttd. ,. Mr. GARRETT did net agree that tho dobtte ought ti close, and ho dositcd to make a fow remark« with regard te > what hnd fallen from the Colonial Secretary and tho htm. member for Kiama. Both of thoso gentlemen had'spoken of the effects likely to follow from'the introduction of ¡history into tho Public schools. But he was of opinion ¡that the children'would'riot lctarh rending, writing, and ¡itiitlmictio any the worse for knowing t something- »f ¡the history of tho country from which wo have «pruaj-. ¡On tho contrary, ho thought that the oliildrdn wonld attain'. .to a higher grade of proficiency if the subjects taught in the public schools were increased. Tho objection «ganur. ¡teaching history becauso it might offend tho prejudice» ot torlnin porson« .in tho community cVimc-rathor too'late|i' ¡seeing that wo had established a school «ystem which took ¡no eogniwinco lof oreed« nt nil. We' hid perhaps'not i uttsmcd that objectly entirely. But the öbjoctof tüo'Aot V «s to displace tho Denominational schools, and estábiles: tehoolb entirely secular. And the sooner that object waa' intaincd tho better 'it would bei for tho »ustrr. ribo question 'of increasing . tho subject.- tonghi'In' ¡tim Public, schools hnd been taken up of. later in England', and now history was taught in the schools of ¡that country. Othor aubjocts, tho subject of ¡octal foieneo for instance, wore taughÇ ojsp., Thoso,wore,aubjeoto, ¡for teaching which the! schoolmaster received oxtri piy by, ¡flic State. But even with thoso subject« they did not Consider that thoy had attained to the highobt »undird of iexic Hence, in, giving education ,to tho people of ike nation. [The hon. member quoted from speeches delivered by Jtç, , Forster, Sir John Lubbock, Mr. Baines, and others, ja the ¡hnglish nouée of Commons, to show that tho foolmg'of , ¡English statesmen wagin,favour of inoroasing thenumberof ' j-ubj"ects tough fin tho Publio schools.] nethougtyov,eryoae ¡w ould como to tho conclusion that in this colony tho Stata would.ill disohiTge its duty if it confined tha education of., ¡the children of tho country lo the simple rudiments cora« i prised in, "tho term» reading, writing, and arithmefio. He ¡bought ho hod clearly proved, by the extracts ho hud read, ,, ¡hat tho statements muao by tho.Colonial Secretary respocí jng the public Bohools in England wcre.cntiraly without foundation; and that tho tendency was to exton! tho pingo of instruction in tho Public schools. Ono robson tngcd ngainsN touching hbitory in our Public school« was that everybody contributed to the supportoi thoso ecliools. That was good as a broad statement, but pmild it bo carried out 'i Under tho; «resent system we must oflcnd many persons. There were a Osnsidorable ¡lumber of .JCWB, Quakers, Mahorncdans, who paid towards the consolidated rovenuo fund, out of which the school teachers were paid. The principio, thereforo, wa« not one i it hich could bo applied so rigidly a« tho Colonial Seoretiry ' ieemrd to imply'from his argumenta. The Colonial Score .try stati-d that in no country where'the State paid for tiublic «luxation was any attempt made ' to teach morotai» bo eintplo rudiments of education,' and' that in Cnglnnd tho State did not' undertake more tata the teaching of history. [Mr. PARKES: I never (wid anything of the sort.] Tho quotations he had read were sutliiient to disprovo tho .statement* of tho Colonial Eccretnry. Ho thought that tho higher'the education»» giiva tho children of this oolony tho bettor would it bo for [he people. He did not seo why there should bownrach difficulty about teaching history. It waa taught inererr (u i vate school in tho land, where there wore mixed cail drcn. And it waa dealt with in tho ' mixed school« of England. [An hon. member : Those aro Denominational schools.] They were not. [Mr. PARKES: Te«,¡icy iic.] They wore whatever the peoplo of the district*am a moke the», and many of them were not Donominational thools. If there wore children who'eid not wïah M be aught history, lot them retire whilst it was'taught He , regarded it ns most essential that history should bo tanga!. Hu thought it would ba admitted, that a knowledge of, it hat had boon done in the post, and what was being-1 tone in tho present day, was essential for c.-crr one ¡ii SLOW. [The hon. member again quoted from Sir Joh« Lubtock's speech in tho House of Cqmmons to BÎIPW tluit it w us just a« necessary for people to understand history in ¡iidcr to enable, thom to play the gamo of life., as it wu becersitry for them to understand the gamo of u"^."1 pidcr to be ablo to play chess.] Historical knowled» \\\as absolutely necessary to enable the people of to.» country to - perform ." their political duties well-, To esc'how history from tho Public schools, which wire ^ educating and making our citizens, was te take away tlat Snost useful light/that could be thrown upon tho pJ« ».. each person waa called upon to pursuo in life. - i > ¡ t Mr. FITZPATRICK did not think there haderer boen ! ia subject introduced in that Houso whioh appeared « tseo leticol on the one part, and w> practical on the other, «'J' which should form tho subject of less political »MT$i than the present Yet it' had boen treated ni rattler m rancorous way. ' Subject« that were foreign to Üucmesüoa . 'and offensivo to many persons in that Chamber had weni" f traduced in the discussion. He thought the hoo. meóteT* ( ?Kiama had treated it in a philosophical way; Ma.iu.Tf?;» 'respects that hen. member had expressed nuca mai uu '(Mr. Fitxpatrick) felt. He would cede to neiona aiU regal d, he might say affection, for the Pubuco&Mlsysw;» .ot this «olony. And he thought those.persons who inOTr duced any motion hostile to that bystem, or vyfiBf&VSi; carded or foreign te'that, .system, were,not fnenis oiu.i He thought we had established in this countri, atw> mean. ¡price, a system which might, bo envied by other »ntínf« iWo had a Public behool «j »tom far in tviviuuy^i »e«7fT* ,in England-(he«r, hcoi)-a «ystem which he 0>f P" T ¡more enlightened people of England, would bo Bj« ."«?»; l[Mr. PARKES :Mr. Forster said »e himself.] »«"» ¡parallel ceuli be drawn between this ovlony and W""r ano eiruu»suiuu«s «i nun >A>I»~»T ..w.- ..- -: ".¡"-Ihr khere ceuld be no. parallel. In England, the- vatt ra»W of the people belonged to on« deBoattinatioa-Uw' \f!T?' 'of Englaiii-and what was dene thoro was W»«*^ TÏ vast majority. Hew this principle M4 .been, a* it eaght to have boen, applied there wU.v,,'t ¡evidenced by the courso tokinby Mr. Ol»*»1«*-J,1T? lion, geneleman riikedthj» popularity in prder » »"A . ¡the dwwtahUihmcnt of tie Church of Ireland^andJ» on. the ether hand ho had detlared that he' ^Sr conscnt to the disestablishment of the Church »t «"pT}' heeause in England ' that Church rcP"?al!*L..ie tfecling» of the ' trast majority of . W . P^it, ¡And the great statesman waa .right » »J" ¡eafee. ' hííauso in both'ho was deferruiB »JPyîK Bound theory of Govemment--thatof GoTCrnment nyw» ¡majority. In'this colony, however, wo hadlhad for^'^ 'seven yeera paet a charter of liberty, ana we were . Very different, position. AU i*raoM ?^J,^?¿5' footing. Thai charter had been .u.plomentod Ä^T ago by tho Pnblio School Bill of this oolony. l%££b., ¡men addreeaed themselve- to &« Wti°*£PÄV ¡struction, on the basis, nppn which it !«£*»«»< bii>. cou¿»ty, i that all mea we» oqual,, thoy must ana"" ftifi; ti'ilA íhcrnaclveo to tho Consideration. of nwhat vByBtemAwtrald) 'wivo instruction to tho >tgost 'ntímbor1,' and what''rfystom¡ wjuld best commend iteolf to the good)opinion of tho gronb msiority of the pooplo out of doors.i No doubt itj «tiuld bo a desirable tiling to'teach religion-in our, clool« -Af" an.nbstruot question .very,few would bo found bold enough to «ay that it-would not bo jfsirablo. but then carno tho question-what religion should bo taught? How «hould lio duro to teach hi« re-, Sidon to another man's child ; or how should another man¡ ¡larc to tcaoh his religion to his child? ThosStato took; money from tile pockets of nil, and no child must bo taught «tv religion which in hi« BOUI he,, abhorred. So, after all,' -îtcatne to this, that religion could, not bo'taught at all/ Sut nt the sumo tjmc that'tho' State gaVoup all Idea of ttticiitar» religion, we fully recognised trio 'importance ofj that touching if it wcro possible. And so it was.'With bistort-. Butin using tho word"history,", thoru VToro two .cmes ¡n which it was to bo taken.,Hon. mombors roforrcil U¡ histor)' tia the teaching of events which had occurred i "but hinton' was not this-it was not Xacts,but tho rela- tion of fuels by somo historian. Thus,' if they worq '«tura? to teach'» ¡child tho history of Eiiglnnd, thoy »oula not bo able to teach him tho actual facts of that his-l tin but they Would havo to' take Bomobody's relation of iho'C fact«, »nd possibly this man might be a complote) bipot. It was u lamentable thing to say, but tlioroi h.id, becniio impartial historian, AU bud been biassed pu onq ode or the other. There would luivo been no contradlc ? ^-"ju ¡f all had boen veracious. Whoso history, then, wore) j],cy going lo teach ? , Would the lion, mcnibe^who moved tie'o resolutions caro about seeing Cobbeti's History o£ .»"jjiand ustd.irf.tho Public schools f He certainly ' woulelj ',I0tf became thcro'was not a pago of it that ho would nolj , difler from. .Or would ho «ccept Dr. Lingard'« history ii liriStceitaitUy ho.would riot; and the «anio'thing would, ..pecar with every mam's history, bocauso thoy were not tho 'facts but tho relation of fact«, tho relation being1, ja. 'mest instance« . bitterly biassed on ono sidoj or ile other. 'i'huH it was that it came to bo «aid, perhaps a little to« forcibly, that all history was lies. If then they) «anted history for their schools they could not go boyondj »chronological list of event«, but even tilca tlicro were wrsons who would actually dispntens to whether certain I etcnts commonly' received As history hadoVor taken place.) T Vc the Gunpowder Plot for instance. One historian will; 'fell'J ou how the Catholics ploted to blow U[i the1 Par-, lament House, and induced Gnyb'awkes'to sacrifice him «elf to carry it out. And yet there were Wall read Prolo« tjmt historians-who paid that tho plot was fill a sham-that lhere was novcr anything 'of tho kind, and that there never w os suth a. man'As Guy Fawkes. He eltd not attempt lo disputo tho fact 'of the plot ;? ? nut ho mentioned tho matter solely, by way¡ Vshowing how impossible it was to relate events in Bnch ai way st to dcmunil universal credence. Thus, then, they¡ were obliged to givo np history for tho samo reason thati 'fury were obliged to givo'up'religion. Moro especially! were they obliged to give up tho history of England. They ' BiigKt lench tho history of Greece or tho history of Rome,| .and all the account« of history up to the odveut of Christi-' anity; but, after that, they could narrate no fact without! 'wounding the prejudices of somo one. Ucarno to this,¡ 'fiat if they attempted to introduce history into their Tulipe schools, thoy would introduce an dement ot'l discord, and would bo doing a great wrong to! ,ihe Public School «vstcm. of tho oniony-a system that! was for in advanco oí any other «t «tem-in the world. HU j »d<ice was that, thoy «hould lut the system alone. Lotit) 'work quietly througha generation, and thoy would have noj '.faultto find with it then, for by that timo tho community! ? would have accepted it, from one end of the country to the1 other. By attempting io teach history they would degrado! the System, bocauso thoy would go into nothing butdogmaticj teichinir/as'this vioulp.,bo ,but a moro mass of dry bono",! 'Mies« they dissected the motivos of tho actors in the groutj events which had occurred. On this account, ho had comei io the conelusion that it was impossible to teach history! ; without causing jealousies, and this would bo an invasion of | the principle of thp school which ho could not assent to. ', Mr. BUCHANAN felt sure that the amendment would not hato been movcd'if tho Colonial Secretary had not been »nie that the motion would otherwise havo boon carried. li the Council of Education wore in favour of the teaching of history, he was not going too far when ho asked tho House to ailinn the proprioty of that course. Ho questioned whether in referenco to the aincudmout, it would be politic for bim to divido tho Houso. (Hoir, ¿ear.) Thero wore numerous abridgment« of luster} ?whiUi might safely bo taught in our Public schools»with- out olltntliiig tho prejudices of anyono. While in these elewtnUry schools the children were getting instructed, he said that the best part of human knowledge waa kept away from them. The non-teaching of history had such nn effect tlmt if they hnd only tho means of coriipnrison befireen children who had been taught history and those who had not, the difference would bo patent to evoryon". Whntetcr the report of tho Council of Education might be, and he believed it woultl bo a narrow-minded and pre- judiced report, when thoy received it ho would bo prepared te table this motion in spite, of, and in the teeth of that report He would table a motion that history should be tiu»hf, and he would do so with the full hope and expec uvjenthata Jnrgo majority M tho Houso Would support atd early BO beneficent n preposition. The question " that tho words proposed to bo omitted stand part of the resolutien " was negatived, and the tvord-, proposed to be insortcd were inserted. The resolutions as amended ttero agreed to. FRIENDLY SOCIETIES BILL. Mr. PARKES hi ought up it bill to consolidite' mid ! amend the law relating to Iriendly Societies and other' Mutual Benefit Societies. Tho bill was read a first time, j aid nn order waa mado that it be printed. The second j reading WUB made an order of the day for Wednesday next.' CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. ; Mr. FITZPATRICK moved,-"That Richard Driver,' Esq., bu Chairman of Committees of the wholo Houso ! durmg the present session." Ho said it would be in the ' recollection of the House that at the oonunencomont of last ! session it was stated bv tho Colonial Secretary that the¡ Government had resolved to treat tho appointment of Chaii-i man of Committees as a non- political question, that the j Chairman of Committees should not be regarded as a j political appointment at all, and therefore it was not moved by the Colonial Secretory, OB had boen tho caso on a pre- ' VIOHR occasion. Under these circumstances ho thought liol was justified in moving the appointment of this gentleman. ¡ Be teas turo the experience tiley had had of Mr. Driver' Would justify his appointment. His conduct in the eli iii-' hod been marked by ability, intelligence, and impartiality, i and his demeanour to the House was courteous through-' out. ; Mr. BUCHANAN hnd no desire to oppose the motion, ; Int thought that tho Government should havo proposed the ! election of tin officer of such importance to that House as Chairman of Committee«. Tho Government had neglected * oiie,pf their most important functions. But thoy bud been afraid to nominate an hon. member. ' Thoy wero afraid io ! ,«tir up the indignation of one or other of their supporters. , [Mr. BUHNS: Hear, hoar.] The hon. member tor tlioi Hunter had been a consistent supporter, im,d.',thüy thought | tilt); hlid him secure, so that he could not,desert them. ¡ But thcy,had not the hook well enough in. the gills ot ¡ tba hon. member for Windsor, and so they'gave their sup- port lo his election. ! The motion tins agreed te. ! Mr. DRIVER said that, in thanking tho Hoa^e for | bitting a second time elected lum to tho honourable positioa , of Chairman of Committees, ho felt himself 'almost uniible i to express himself iru lunguago sufficiently suitable for the j purpose. Upon a former occasion, when elected to this poeiUon, he stated that it was one ho had nat sought for. : Ile had never oven been spoken to upon that or| upon the present occasion hy any member of the i Government or by any member of this Assembly, I until asked by the hon. member for Yass the day before i yesleiday, whether he would again allow himself to be | placed in nomination', so that ho had nothing for which to ¡ thnnkthe Government., And if he thought,that ho had| been put forward as u catspaw of the Government in ant way, he should at once resign the position iu which he now , found himself placed. Ho hadendoavoured during tho last I session to diBChargo the duties ef the eltico with fairness (hear, hear) to "all parties. (Cheer«.) And so long as he I eccupied that position ho should always endeavour to do so j to the best of his ability ; and he did" not care whether ho gato ottenco to one «ide ef the House or rho other, BO long . as he felt in his own conscience ho waa acting right. He felt deeply indebted to, the members of the House for their vote in his favour that evening. (Cheers.) On tho motion of Mr. PARKES, tho House adjourned at a quarter to 10 o'clock to 4 o'clock thi» day (Friday). ' 