LAYING THE FOUNDATION - STONE OF ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, CORO MANDEL VALLEY. For some time past the adherents of the Anglican Church at Coromandel Valley have been accustomed to assemble at the house of Mr. George Gooch for the purpose of worship. the services being held on Sunday afternoons, and conducted by the Rev. H. Read, M.A., and lay readers; but, the congregation having in- creased to between 70 and 80, the question of the advisableness of a church being built forced itself upon the consideration of those inte- rested, and at length steps were taken with a view to the erection of an edifice, the result being that on Saturday afternoon, December 21, the foundation-stone of a very handsome little church, to be called St. John's Church, was laid by Miss Olive Richman. The site selected is an excellent one, commanding an extensive and a very picturesque view of the surrounding country, and although at present it is some distance from the road, when the deviation, which is now being made, is completed the Church property will adjoin the road. The dimensions of the church are 40 feet by 20 feet in the clear, walls 14 feet high from floor to plates ; built of the local slatestone, with soap- stone dressings externally, including plinth, watertables, coobelled eaves, copings, &c.; The roof will be open timbered, the rafters covered with match boarding, and colonial slates laid on battens over the boarding. Eight louvred ventilators are provided near the apex of the roof to aid ventilation. The walls will be stuccoed internally, the lower portion with Portland cement. The windows will have zinc-quarry lights glazed with ground glass. On the south side is a, small porch with a bell- gable over the outer archway. The porch is to be paved with black and red tiles, and will be pro- vided with wicket gates in the external opening. Provision, is made for building a chancel and vestry when funds permit. The style of the buildine is early pointed, with single lights at the sides and a long two-light window in front, with quatrefoil ventilator over. The amount of the contract for present portion is £525, of which £300 is already in hand. The work is being carried out by Mr.D. Deans, of Mitcham, under the superintendence of the architect of the building, Mr. E. J. Woods. At the ceremony there was a large gathering of persons, principally were the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short), the Ven. Archdeacon (Rev. C. Marryat), the Rev. Canon Farr, M A.; the Revs. T. J. Smyth, M.A.; W. H. Mudie. and A. Honner; the Hon. R. B. Andrews, Q.C.; Cap- tain W. W. Hughes, Mr. G. W. Hawkes, Lieut. Fergusson and Mr. B. W. Kernot. An awning had keen erected for the protection of those en- gaged in the service, and it was fortunate this provision had been made, for a smart shower of rain fell whilst the ceremony was proceeding. After the ordinary preliminary service, Mr. K. J. Woods presented to Miss Richman a very hand- some silver trowel, bering the inscription —"Pre- sented to Miss Richman, on laying founation stone of St. John's, Coromandel Valley, Dec. 21, 1872." The stone was then lowered into its place, and Miss Richman, having used the trowel handled the mallet, sail—"I de- clare this stone well and truly laid;" where upon the Doxology was sung. In a cavity be- neath the stone was placed a bottle, containing, in addition to the daily papers, some coin, and and a small sheaf of wheat, the following docu- ment :—" In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, the foundation stone of St. John's, Coromandel Valley, was laid by Miss Olive Richman on St. Thomas's Day, Dec. 21st, A.D. 1872, in the 36th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Officer Administering the Government of South Australia being Sir R. D. Han- son, Knight, Chief Justics of the pro- vince, and in the 26th year of the consecra- tion of Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide; the Rev. H. Read, M.A., Incumbent of St. Michael's Mitcham, in charge of the district. Trustees—B. F. Lloyd, R. Gibbins, and E. W. Kernot Committee—Rev. H. Read, M.A., J. A. Fergusson, B. F. Lloyd, A. Spence, R. Gibbins, E. W. Kernot, R. Burfield. and J. L. R. Fiveash. Architect—K. J. Woods. Builder —D. Deans." His Lordship the BISHOP mad a few re- marks. The banediction was then pronounced, and the proceedings closed, a collection having pre- viously been made, realising £13 13s. 6d. The singing was conducted by an efficient choir, Mr. Proctor prosiding at the harmonium. 