LATTER-DAY ORACLES. Yesterday evening the Rev. Thomas T. Bird delivered a lecturo on the auovo sub ject, in tho Independent Hall. Russcll- strcet, on behalf of tho building fund of tho East Richmond Congregational Church. Jlr. Bird, in commencing, spoke at con siderable length of the ancient oracles. Ho said that in tho youth of the world tho fates were vocal and spoke in tones of fortune or of doom. Tlio nootrv of that age was tho perception of life in all forces and all forms. As in the latest days, science, invention, and discovery go hand in hand, so in tho earliest religion, which was tho science of tlic infant world, seeing was joined with making — tho poet would 1)0 not only a man of visions but a man of sight. The mytll- bnilder was a metaphysical chemist, and the magician dealt with substances, ine moss honest, because tho most human, of tho apostrophes of pagan worship, was that which Paul saw on the old Athenian altar, "To tho unknown God." Tho latter days were not seldom days of dotage, and tho second childhood might be more foolish than the first. Tho lecturer then alluded to the origin of the Delphic order, and the build ing of the temple over tho miraculous chasm of Mount Parnassus ; to the groves of Dodona; to tho cooing of tho pro- phetic doves in Jove's giant oak tree. the Olympian oracle, tho caves of Pluto, and lastly, to the ancient gods of Northern Europe. The metaphysics of superstition were then dealt with, reference being made in tho first place to tho doctrine of transmi gration, as cherished by tho Egyptians. Such a faith, he said, was in sympathy with the utterance of tho Hebrew, that there was nothing new under the sun, and he main tained, without asserting his belief in tho transmigration of souls, that tho fable sym bolised a fact, that the creed of tho Egyp tians was but the utterance of tho tenacity and vitality of human nature. Milton's hymn of tho nativity was quoted, more, the lec turer asserted, for its beauty than its truth, because in it he found quite as much of tho mystic idea as of the genius of the gospel. Tho inscription on tho Delphic temple was still to be tho motto of our lives, "Know thyself." Tho oracle of tradition, he pro ceeded, consisted in the worship of ancestry and of ancestors : its great strength was in its resistance. The worshippers admired the statuesque in thought, and their master pieces in art were modelled after tho phleg- matic sculptures of tho Egyptian ideal. Their end and purpose might be stated to be "establishments and divinities, and one worship which has been. " But tho oracle of tradition was a sinking ship ; it could not be kept afloat — the leak was too wide, tho bore of the pump too narrow ; moreover, could tho crew keep pumping ? "Why not transfer themselves to a sea-worthy ship ? When the leaky vessel had plunged, with its pumpers pumping, into tho sea- depths of death, tho oracle, equal to the oc casion, would come out with some choice in memoriam hexameters, and would canonise those stiff-necked- con- sevatives as martyrs to tho truth. Tho lecturer next referred to the oracle of force, as being ono of tho most obstreperous of the rolling voices, and uttering itself not in the raided phrases of poetry. but in tho rudest language. In tho grand old days, be fore anyone thought of reform, before the possibility of protesting was believed in, be fore human ideas had coalesced into consti tutions and representative systems, men wore tho chains and paid the taxes like Christians, never dreaming of resistance ; but, in their pious resignation, counting obo- dience the first of virtues. Then the maxim that " might is right" was an article of universal faith. Kings were legalised pirates, and enacted wholesale robberies in the name of the god of muscle. And the idea was too good to be confined to tho throne, so the kings ecclesiastic tried it also, and with marked success; for the mandate of tho oracle was like the philosopher s stone — it turned all substances to gold. The yoke of the hierarchy was borne with meekness ; or if whispers of resistance were heard, tho spirits of disobedience kept, up charming bonfires for tho delectation of tho faithful. He (tho lecturer) heard his audience say, | " Lift not the kind veil of the years that hides tho grim picture which power cruelly carved in the face of life ; let the tongues of tho dead have rest." But he spoke because tho scars of the barbarous engraving were broken afresh, because the oracle is not dumb,-, but vocal, and its tones are rolling through senate, and church, and social sphere. Tho old doctrine that " might is right" is, he contended, amongst us, though uttered by far other lips. Tho centre of political gravity had been shifted, and where the few ruled the many, tho many now ruled tho few. In a word, wo had exchanged tho jus divinum of kinghood for tlho jus divinum of democracy, and the despotism of tyrants for the despotism of majorities. They ruled, however, not by order but by plenitude, and while tho British temple had furnished a world for the Greek idea, our institutions were not triumphs of harmony, but of simple addition. It was not consistent with justice that two men should be able to gag and chain a third, that the rights and opinions of minorities should be trampled out of sight by tho pon derous feet of majorities, that quantity should have a higher political and social value than quality, and that the oracle of fact should have so loud a voice and so wide a swing in the land of freedom. Unless an infamous Medo-Persian policy is to doom our institutions to immortality, and unless our statesmen are crazed lovers of the statuesque in law and custom, we might venture to hope that before Macaulay's New Zealander sketches tho ruins of London-bridge, and before Corean antiquaries visit these colonies to collect the rare coins of Victoria's reign. our constitution-builders will have found some way of giving minorities a voice ; that the reign of vulgar fractions, of two-thirds over one-third, will have ceased ; that the tyrannies of our liberty will have crumbled into dust, and the oracle of force be dumb. Hard by tho temple of force stood a ma jestic slirino tliat, like the cathedral of Milan, had been in course of erection and completion some hundreds of years, but was not yet finished— tho oracle of dogma. Tho ipse dixit of authority and prestige was still potent, notwithstanding the revolutionary criticism of the time. In dogma the many were ruled by tho few, and the claim of these choice oracles was nothing less than inspiration. It was amusing to see with what unconquerable tenacity man clung to his birthright of dominion and insisted upon ruling. He feels that he is born to be monarch of all he surveys, and whether his realm be a barren island or a populous city, and his subjects a band of worshippers or a band of voters, he dearly loves to flourish a sceptre and to wear a crown. Type was tho new emblem of dogma, and type-law the new rod of government, at tho sight of whose magic passes tho hosts both of Israel and Philistia move to tho battle, at whose touch the waves divide and the rooks flow. The vapor of the Del phic chasm had become the steam of to-day otliat breathes itself not now into a woman, but into a mechanism intoxicating tho cranks and wheels, and in the midst of its furious paroxysms uttering oracles in ink whose edives mix with the pleasant clamor of cups and spoons in every home in tlio land. To many thousands print was gospel, and so dogma won. Who that had any re- finment of feeling, or any gift of utterance, but was an oracle of taste ? The old creature sympathy with the powers and pulse3 of the world had reappeared, and men were mani festing a god-making ingenuity that was quite Homeric. This was surely a compre hensive taste' inspired by a million-voiced oraele, and so charmingly complimentary to creation in general and to oneself in particu lar, that it might be styled the ultima thule of perfection. Ritualism, as the beauty and music of worship, was the chief oracle of our latest taste, and its prophecies were taking shape in the village churches that are the apes of old cathedrals ; in lights, and sha dows, and prostrations, and in floating dra- neries ancl solemn mutterings, that mimic exploded mummeries. He did not believe that ritual was creating taste, but that taste bad created ritual, and that ritual, however much its abuse might be deplored, must bo coeval with refinement. But he feared that the oracle was human, not divine, and that the prosolytism which was born of sentiment would be strangled by materialism. He who inspired the mind had inspired tho hand, and He who made his world so beau tiful and filled it with sweet voices had. taught us to cultivate and imitate the beautiful ; but lot them beware of building temples for Him where incense takes the place of prayer, and beauty is the only holi- ness ; let them beware of tuming tho Divine voice into a mere oracle of taste. The lec- turer next addressed himself to the question of spiritualism, taking as his text " Hades made vocal." Homer, "tho Ionian father of the rest," and Virgil, his Roman echo, would, he said, be somewhat astonished to learn that Hades had so far forgotten its dignity and independence as to break into proso prophecies on all conceivable sub jects, and obtrude itself by thousands into the affairs of mortals. How was tho question to bo decided ? JVere these ghosts an import, or an export ? He had the answer to the circles and the oracles, and would simply! contino himself to the fact that in the testi mony of unimpeachablo witnesses, on the authority of guarded senses and unwilling faith, they were here, and their sadly dis cordant voices were woven into an oracle, which, sitting in a shrine built with much falsehood and some truth, dominates tho spiritual lives of thousand of our fellow- creatures. Some reason doubtless existed for that marvellous exodus of spirits ; in deed it was well-nigh impossible to resist the conviction that they came to a promised land, not with the idea of driving out the Canaanites, but by way of helping them to possess tho land. It might be that the idiotic was larger than the spiritual element in tho system promulgated by tbe spiritual ists, and that the faith that could not feed on husks and shadows may grow fat on pilfered truth. Yet this holy of holies was Hades, and the abyss was vocal with an oracle that swolls through volcano rifts, and gurgles from the sca-cave3, and breathes itself into human faith. Jlr. Bird con cluded this portion of his lecture by recom mending to Jtlie attention of the spiritists of Melbourne Tennyson's stanzas, com mencing — How pure at heart, and sound in head, With what divine affections bold Should be thc man whose thought would hold An hour's communion with the dead. Attention was next directed to " the new Patmos." Of all latter-day oracles none was more ambitious and none more false; none tliat so often soars like Icarus and falls like Lucifer, none more confident in its pro phecies, and more belied by fact than tho oracle of tho millennium. Tho subject was at once too terrible for laughter, aud too: ludicrous for gravity. Tho millennium, ac cording to the prophets, had been coming, any time during tho past ten years, and somo of tho mildest of tho ratiocinators had set up landmarks, and pointed with pliiloso- pliic pride to the general drifting of the world towards tho principles of peace. They were dilating with unusual eloquence on the fraternal intercourse of nations, in tho glory of exhibitions, and tho new war fare of peace ; when, horror ! the grass- grown volcanoes of Europe blow up, Mars blazed and thundered in the heavens, and tho shells of Sedan went whizz ing aud bursting through their millennial theories; the Titans were once more iu a death-wrestle with Jupiter, and the shudder ing dreamers of peace had vanished. There could be no peace until men "put down tho passions that make earth hell. " Sultry at mospheres were best cleared by an occasional thunderstorm, and guns were the passion- valves of nations. The oracle had drunk at the wroug fountain, and sat over the wrong clinsni. It had striven to fight war from tlie face of tho earth by preaching tho prin ciples of peace. Now, tliat was the allo pathic system of curing by opposites, and a lamentable failure it had been. Let liomuuo- patliy bo tried — perfect rifles, encourage tor pedoes, widen the cannon's throat, enlist elec tric and volcanic agencies in tho glorious cause. Let not peace for ever Pipe oil lier pastoral hillock a languid note, Hut hail oucc more tlic banner uf uattle unrolled, and peace would win by passion. Tho ma chinery for killing would be thought so dia bolic when two armies annihilated each other in the first volley that men would' give it up in disgust. War would be extinguished by war on strictly homoeopathic principles, and tho millennium would dawn, ushered in by a world- shaking salvo of guns. Tho con cluding portion of the lecture dealt with the question of man s origin, the lecturer making frequent allusions to the Darwinian theory of development, and the unparalleled seientilic flight of Sir Win. Thomson, who claims to have discovered tho germs of life in tlic seeds and mosses of the meteoric fragments that whirl through space. Ho (Mr. Bird) considered it better to ponder the facts of science and wait for light than pelt tho great human genealogist (Darwin) with texts rolled into balls, and stuck all over with dogmatic spines. Better the silence and calm, and, if need he, the pain of thought, than the shriek of a terri fied orthodoxy, and the foolish cry of parch ment versus rock, Truth had nothing to lose, and could afford to sit in dignified and majestic silence, knowing that all Inmost minds must celebrate her worship at last, and fill her temple with eternal praise. He supposed all theories of humanity woro more or les3 dusty, and he would close by remarking that there existed a strange coincidence between these theories and the dictum of the Bible, "Dust thou art." The dust of science might or might not be the dust of Scripture, and while they quarrelled over tlio analysis of primeval mind, and the anatomy of the dilating ascidian, while they cracked the craniums of monkeys in orthodox wrath, and shut their eyes to the falling meteor dust and the beauty of aerial mosses, and almost frantically denied every origin of life, and '"spose we growed" from tho root of a word — let them be solaced by tbe voice which they all revered, and see written in tho dawn-rays of life and in tho dark hieroglyphs of death, this oracle — " Dust thou art, and unto dust thou shalt return." 