•WERE any proof required of die substantial nature of the prosperity of the colony in which we reside, the . hearty and almost •universal manner in which all classes of the community avail themselves of the general holidays would afford it an absolute demonstration. At the same time the cheerful and decorous manner in which all, from the highest to the lowest, demean themselves, when released from all control hut that which tile conventional roles of society impose, affords satisfactory evidence that the labours of the parson, and tbe teachings of the schoolmaster are not thrown awav,; or without their due effect npen the manners' or the morals of the people, . We think we are justified in assextiiig that in no ccuntrv in the world do EUCH large bodias -of tiie people assemble together for recreatiy^ Imposes as with us, and it is equally "certain that in no population of -which we have had any experience does so much quiet c-pnrtesy obtain, or the willingness to ypiease and be. pleased, so palpably and yet quietly, display itself. It is in seasons of abandon and festivity that the true characteristics and tendencies of a people display themselves, rather than in the sombre and well-defined coarse of, every day pursuits, and, judging by tiaat rule, we think that while congratulating our readers upon the present very satisfactory state of things, we are fully justified in prognosticating for Victoria - a career of tuttiTe prosperity that -will place her in the position she is so eminently fitted by geographical position and natural resources to assume, as the leading member of the great Australian < federation, > tiie seeds -of which are as yet but in the germ, hut which will at no very distent period be developed in s . grandeur and glory which will he. acknowledged, admired, and envied in all the centres of an older civilization. That the selfishness of a few short-sighted politicians should have hitherto placed barriers in the way, which must he thrown down and removed- nut of our path, 'ere this much to be desired consummation can be arrived at, is of. course~mueh to be regretted, though it ought to" create no surprise. When we consider the-rnried circri instances under which the 1 different colonies of Victoria have sprung into existence, and the struggles which each has had to'make to iflaintain her separate existence, and that with each of them,, the system of selfgovernment was a new, and, to a great as tent, an untried - esperiirient,® arid that there was.little to guide .them in the experiment in the previous histoiy\ |jf the world, tVie Eurpnse is . aot tliat mistakes were made, but that they were, coiap^ratively Epeaking^ so Tinnnpoi-tant in tlier nature,-and capable of bemg so easily reedfled, when their dangerous tendency ^was once perceiveri. The g«attet .tnistake our colonial politicians made jias been that of entftrtaimng a foolish jealousy of tbe neighbouring • tilonies, -which led diem to act as though they thought that the prosperity nttained fcy one^colony must he at tiie expense afj and-detrimsaitBrto their own. Hence die-obnoxious system of collecting Border. dutiespfo<i.£uch. jike contrivances for cramping cominerce, and preventing, as far as it was possible so to do, the interchange - of die a products of .one -colony for those of annater. - .It jmstlie •admitted that Victoria has - acquired -. 'for herself die imenviable notorieJy of being die first to 'inaugurate a restrictive policy,'. though her example waS it»:a cectain extent readily fell^wed jby the leliler-colony and: some others. But' Sew South Wales not' long • in discorering the BUiddal tendencT of •aidi courses, and mating up her ininf. to avoid them in future, jaor wfll itbeiong before Vicfcorm .n»akEa the .Kame discovery, SL Ifehehas not done no already. There is no more advaaced prinram^ ' will do much to hasten ihe eypiifyBlid weiMbeye'we^li^ady A^on,'iwhiditndicateE Ui^rl tieCp inried in • not&fw; ^-^fw ft j≺ ghost Closely connected as we are by origin, language, and general_proclivities, it is most §tiai^ge tlfflt_the v idea yof divciriSty rf mteijsjE dibnES|i|jriejvail, tiie more so -whiST we consider thht nottnthEtauiling the cSdse proximity of tEe colonial capitalSj the various proiiuctsof die differentcoloniee shouldjbe so VCTT various. Whae Adelaide C3n produce wheat of die best quality far beyond the reguireicents of |ier population, Queensland, which jean; grcrw sugar f'3p.d f cotton to perfection, is aiiEogether uhfitted for .the raifiug ofcereals. * Sydney can produce aiiy amount of maixe, but is -dependent upon other colonies for her breadstufe, aud «o with all the regt. Each one is m a position to benefit its neighbour by imparting eoinie of her snrplus productions, and while, the imparting and receiving are reciprocal^ each are equally braefittdcL and each are doing something to benefit the colony as a whole.,. So doubt die holiday feeling we eulogised at the commencement frill do a great deal to facilitate onr arriral at a better understanding, especially as the opening of the new railway linee to the Murray-will give the inhabitants of Iliverina. such icpreas^d opportunities for participating in our periodical festivities, and it is utterly impossible that a people .whose* only Natural division between them and us is an easily-passed river, and whose origin, language, ana pursuits . are so nearly identical, can join fee?; quendy. and for any lengthened period, in our festive and social gatherings, and'partake of our national amusements' without being-impressed with die conviction that we and they are one people, and that our interests are identical. . .. . " A fellow-feeling MAKES-DE WONDROUS kind," And there is no doubt that the fellow-feeling which induces the Sew South Wales people to fraternise with us in our amusements, and rice rcrsir, will be one of the strongest inducements to a kindly aiid -fraternal feeling between the inhabitants of the" -different colonies,-and do more TO bring about the much-desired confederation of- the colonies than any principle now acting upon the scattered colonists ofYicfcoria/ 