T H E CHAPTER XI; - ; ,, .; ' ' ; -XTTEB fiEVEIf YBARB. |" ,'.*'",' BY THE AUTHOR|0P _ . " Lady Audhy't Secrel,"' 1 ,'Aurora Floyd,'' <te„ do., ic. The star'' of'tbe young squire, Rin^wQod : ilp'rUinm, febonefor a very JittJelonger in the metropolitan' hemisphere. . His' .purse wm empty,,bis icredit-exhausted,. ills health im- \- paired,ihife spirits gone, and himself altogether wfcttii) tbfeWOWefor' his few brief years br Londbh life, 'ttet therb was nothing'"better jfor him tbdo.than to^ quietly, beck toCompton- . oorthe-Moor and take up his abode at the Hall, with an old woman-as bis housekeeper, Md fe Odupteiof farm laborers for the rest' of his establishment. This old - woman had lived at Compton Hall while the Shutters Were closedbelpretbe principal windows, the heavy, twits .remained updrawn, ontbe chief dpors, And the. d(i8t gathering last and thick upon the portraits of those dead-and-gone Mtit'.- hems'wh&e;'fpbbr painted images; looked put wan 1 afcd'ftb'ast'ty' simpers' 1 from the baleen ., wainscoting* TUe-.ol<j, Tboueekeepef had led while l^ngnpAOi' itoimster, was watering in >die taverns about Oovent Garden.; and she \- washy no means too well pleased-whin,in |he dtiA bf A'to^ty October eyiping, A* young . sq ! ni^;^e'!qi}iekly «p ,«ie deserted pvMue, " ..'. 4is®0Hnted,frQm his horse in. the -etalileyard, walked in at the buck door leading ipto th6 Servants* regiobs; kiidjStaoding upbti the . lrfbad hearth 'in the raMred kitten, wd her father' sulkily. that ...l^ibail come -' there to live.--; — ..,'- - ...;:, ; " Hii coming made verylittlechange in fh? domestic arrangements of the' 'Hall. He '• etrtabBsliW' bimseli.in the oak parlour,'in which bis '.lather bad smoked. and drunk and. sworn himself into hiB coffin; and after.giving' striot orders that only the shutters of thlose rooms 'used by himself should, be opened, he detbrrininedly set his fate against the out- J rc^jWlUh«IMu|KBWtWnpWift t.z-r.'.r.: Now theseWtriplb people, not being aware "that"' RihgWObd Mat-kham bad spent every ' guinea that lie. wis,free to spend, took umbrage . at hi^'ecceqtrie and solitary manner of livltig .'and forthwith solved the enigma .of his exist' enoe by Getting him down a miser. • Sometimesinthe dusk of'tbe evening* the squire ciept out_of the Hall gates, and strolled up the village street to honest Sally Pecker's hospitable 'mansion, where be took' bis glass of punch in, .the. best parlour, and made himself tolerably 'agreeable to the company assembled there. 'The honest Compton follre were glad 'to welcome the returned prodigal, - and paid their , homage to him as tneyhad done to bis lather, when that obstinatetempered and violent old gentleman had'bfen pleased to hold hiB' court at the Bear. Ringwood felt' thfif, simple as the Cumbrian people were, they were wiser than the Londoners who had emptied his purse for him while they laughed in their sleeves at his dignity. Yes, on the Whole, he was certainly happier at Compton thai) in bis Cedford-street lodging or with his bid "tavern companions,' in whose : . fiW'otB he hadbeen tormented sometimes by a vague idea thatJbe wnsonly a dupe and • fool. \--He-had-been used to lead a very narrow life • at the best, : end : *be <Jertl-monotony of this new existence gave him no pain. • Mitticenrsaw veryJittfo of tier brother. • He would sometimes drop into the cottage at dnsk on hife' Way,'to the Black Beir, and sit with .her for a' few minutes, talking „of the village, or the farm, or eotne/other of. the . everyday matters of life; but his sister's simple society only wearied him; and after about n .quarter of an hour he would begin to ,vawn drearily behind his hand, and then, after ' ktssing her upon the forehead as 'he bade ber good nfgbti he would stroll tiway to Sarth -Pecker'*, switching -htrligbt ridings-whip n , he walked, and pleased by the sensation his embroidered coat created amongst tbe urchins and the idle women gossiping at their doprs. It had been agreed between Darrell and Ring- 1 wpod tbatMilliCent was to ktiow nothing of the honse.in Chelsea and the young squire's mysterious rencontre with -George Duke or' his '..doubled , r. ,.'. .",'.,'.'., People in Compton—who knew ofDarrill'e encounter with' tbj;~bighwaypipn upon 'the moor, jftiid^f 'llre.-Dufers meetibg with the ghost uponMfrrloy Pier—Baid'th&V.; tbe. Cap- .-• Cain,At tbeVulture was tursed with the < attendance of a shadow Which appearedBofoeto tliosb' belonging tp biro, and, whose j '^pro^iM. WM nbjloubt fleigh of trouble and calamity to die Cajptaln himself. Such il'^" ihKd b 4 *® befb«, they j-whispeted,. let • ptnon ot tbe ptirisb wy wbat-lie would j and " ^ thereWCTB sbm'e ghosts that all tli'e Latin diat " ~ •—knew! ,wpwl|i never lav in yi'unmariced „ .. Battier at the Hall, Hie BIacL- Dfar, ,'jdrthe.littlecottage in wbicli UQlicont splent - injwij tpinq^il^ays. No odingscame (oCompton of the Vultnre or its captain; and though : ~MilK<Jent tofiie*d to wear a widow's dress, jtbe : .'feeling gradually crtpt nppn "berthfitshewas WdWd .•Vidjafj, audjtyat. the tie kadttedTor ner by others, and so bitter to bear,, was i'tbroken -by-the mighty hand which mtersi so mta^ tender links, and seems so 'fcfow k>me< . .times to '^oppeh the chains of a cruel Hon'dfige. year /or alter. Biqgwobd' Harkoam's „return, it was thought that' he most likely marry and take bis place in the village 'as' bis father had dohe before bjm. , esttte wis Mnsideretl 'tobe a .vpry comlortable fortune in the neighborhood of :Compton~on»the-Moor, - and- many -i rich ifermer'e .daughter sported her finest ribbons, , f r fMp, li**Wfca;-.jb«p; Jvnttkay /JtrfkinnMl hat w ^wWBhiy psIapt jupop tier foil o( flossy iiair, ..inbopesofobarmingtheyoncgsquire. But Jtingwoodfe heart was a wrtmss by no-means Biigy to be htormed. 'fielfiihness 1 held her (wtorf/ttrirwn,' and complete' ind^Teiynce to Ml woijve pleapitres, and a oertain weariness of life, had i succeeded the young: man's brief : carver of dissipation. .m".-,'- !_'. As bis fortune mended with the firtt few years of bit new and'iteady life, Something of the miser's feeling look possession of. his oold nature;'., He had spent bis money upon ongrateful,boon companions, who bad laughed etbimforhi* pains, 2nd refusedhim the loan 8\. jrom^. jwl»Mhis ;«iiife ^es low. , Hel^ Hid M.wj^iiwq'lnr thrffpet, he thought; and: lW^IWJ^V^bSlbfiifSf'SpjaW .^tonaBte^M, ^f ^mp^on'.Jffisll ;f»tate Jbegan tp. murmnr to each .other thai Master Hingw^od Markbam wua bard landlord, and that times were even noer lblk« than in the ^ld squire's day. r- These poor* jeople. spoke nothing but the truth. As Ringwooa's empty purse filled 'once'more, tbe young man felt a'greedyreagernessrto save money; for what pifrpose he scftrcsly gave himself the trouble to think.- Perhaps when he did think very -seriously,;*! shuddering-tear came ov^r him that his impaired constitution was not to be eroJy,^tjen^edyr-that even the fine north-' ooun'try air eweeping across broad expanses of brown moorlaQ<f t-and-blowing in at the open windows of the pak parlour, oould never bring a healthy glow back to his flushed cheeks; and that it might be that he inherited with hiB mother's fair-face something of his mother's feeblenesp of.constitution.. But it was rarely that he suffered his mind to dwell' upon these things. He found plenty of employment for himself in protecting bis own interests. - He was. his own steward, and rode a grey pony about tbe farm, watching tbe men at their work| and gloating over the progress of the Crops as the changing seasons did their Douptebns wprk, and the bright face of Plenty met him in his way. Northern harvests are late, and that harvest ; wns especially late which was garnered in the seventh autumn succeeding the last sailing of the good ship Vulture from the harbour at Marley Water. September had been wet and cold, and' October sec' in ' with a gloomy aspept,M of an unwelcome wintercome before his due time. Jn tbe early days of this chill and cheerless October tbey were still staoking the corn opon tbe Compton Hall form, #hi)e Ringwood, on his grey pony, rode from field to field t<j watcih the T raen at thejr lab.ows, an4 to grumble at their leuaness. The ybting squire was cautions and suspicious, sind rarely thought th&t; work was well tlone. unless he was at the heels of those -who did it. • ' ' ' He paid dearly enough for (hit want of faith in.those who served him r jfor it'was in one of those rides that be caught a chill which settled on his lunge, and threw him on a bed of'sickness. At the first hint of his illnesB Millicent was by his side, patiept and loving, eager to soothe, end comfort, to tend and to restore. Like all creatures of hie class, weak alike in physical atid mental qualities, tbe young man pieeuliprly felt the helplessness of his state. He clnng 'tfi bis sister as if he had been a sick child and she his mother. In the dead of the night he would Bwake, with the cold drops Standing on his brow, 8nd ciy aloud to her to come to him. Then, comforted and reassured on fipding her watching, by bis Bide, he would fall into a peaceful slumber with ber hand clasped in niii, and his fair head pillowed npon ber shoulder. \- The Compton doctor shook bis bead ominously when be looked at the young squire's beotip cheeks and sounded bis narrow chest. Mot satisfied with the village surgeons decision, ttillioent sent to Marley Water for a physician to look at ber -sinking brother; but '.the physician only, confirmed what his colleague bad already said. There was ho hope for Ringwood: Little matter whether tbey called it a violent cold, or a spasmodic cough, inflammation of the lungs, or low fever.'. All that need be told about him would have beep Letter told'in one word—consumption. His mother Jiad' died of tbe same disease before him,, fading quietly away as he was fading now. In tbe dismal silences of those Jong winter nights in which tbe sick man awoke bo often -always to see Millicent's fair face, lighted by the faint glimmer of the night-lamp or the glow of. t|ie embers in the grate—Ringwood began to think of bis past life—a brief life, which had been spent to no useful end whatever; a selfish life, which bad been passed in Btolid indifference' to the good of others— [lerhaps, from this terrible useleEsness, almost a wicKed life. . A few nightB before that upon wbicb the young squire died, he lay awake a long time, Counting the chiming of the quarters from the timet of Compton church, listening to the embers falling on the broad stone hearth, and the ivy-leaves flapping and scraping agaiqst the" WUfdow-panes, with eoteething like the spupdeif skeleton finders tapping for adraittanoe. . And from this he fell to watching his rater's ftoe as die sat in «low cbair by the health, 1 with fcW lArge thoiughtftil blue eyes fixAd upon the hollow : firb,'and the unread volume half dropping from ber loose hand. - How pretty she was, be diongbt; but what a pensive beauty 1 How little of the light of joy.Ndevw beamed from [thrice melancholy eyes since the eld days when Darreli and she bad beed friends and playfellows, belbre'Cap- •tain George Duke had ever ebown hit' band- Some'fate at the Hall! Thinking thus, it was ipnly patural for tbe sick iban to remember his opn share in forcing on. this unhappy marriage; bow he bad persuaded bis father to bear no.girlish prayers, and to heed neither tears nor lamentations. Remembering this, he could imiremember.also'iha mean motive which, bad urged bim to this course; the coptemptible spite against,his cousin Darrell, which had made bim eager even for the shipwreck of his sistei's happiness, 'bo that her lbverThiglit sufier. He was dying now, end the wjorla, with all that was in was of «o little use to bim that Jib was ready enough-to forgive his cousin all tbe old gradgss between tbem. iihi) to wish him well for the famre. ""YeSj dear," answerad bis sister, creeping to bis : side. '*" I•"thboght' yon -^ere asleep. Have you. been- awake long, Ringwood f" " Yes, a jong time." • "A Jong time!'toy poor Jjoy I" PapllAnait 1 !! luttai. tntia omalrA murmured the sick dan,' " J don't want-to ^lipi)iitp|' JU'ain one Jong sleep. I've been -tWaWbft"MIlBcfeht." 1 - •""Thinking, dear?" " Ybe, thinking.what a bad brother I've b^.tpypit.''. ' . " A bad brother, Ringwood! No, no, no 8he fell«n ber knees by die;bedside as'{she moke, and wound ber fqving arms'about his wasted frame.' ' " Yes, Millicent, a bad brother. I helped to urge on your marriage with a man you bated; f helped to part you' from tbe man' yon loved.andto mane your young life iniseiw able. ' Ycra. lcnow that, and yet 'you're here, night, aflerTi^ght, aursirig jne as tendnrly as if ; I'd never.-thougbt butol your happiness." '- Tbe jwst is all forgiven long ago, dear ttingwooa," said his'sister, earnestly; "it 'wbuld'be ill Tor brother and sister ifltne love between tbem oould not outlive old injurfety and be the brighter and the truer for bid' You; did -not know what * cruel wrong yon weredeihg me when yon advieed thkitfjmHji .the " ihaveled,»tranqnil-lite tor yearspM/ 1 l and-tt -sebmki«t'if it bad-'plea«ed<Godtojset me free from the ties that seemed ao heavy to bear." , -/'You will be almost qrichwome|n ;after my dndju said her bj^th^f/.,^^. a .more cheerml ,ti>n£. f'l ImviBldp^a «>pd^deal in tpese uut jBVe Veani to ipiprov^ ,the .prpperty, iand you will'find a bkg full «f' guineas 4«j the btass^handled bureau, where J keep pll my papeiris .and acoounts,, I think ..yon may trust Jo^ .Hactin^ the isuliiff, sind,.Laweqn, and Thbmasl'and they .iwll keep 4n 'i>PPR. the fern for jour .interest.. ^You'll baye to grow a woman of business, when. ,1.am gope, .Milly, and. it Will be a'fipp flange"for,you from yonder cottage jn. Compton High Street to this big .house." "Ringwoodf Ringwood, don't..speak of this!" " But I must, Mtilly. .tt's time to. speak of these things when a man feels, be has not an hour upon this side oi ithe grave that he can call his own. I want you to promise; me something, Millicent, before I die; for a promise made to a dying man ,is always binding." " Ringwood, dear, what is thei^ I would not do for youf" I knew jou wouldn't refuse.' Jfow. listen. tiow long has Captain. Dpke beep away f'. §he thought by this su^di n.mention^of ber husband's name that Ripgwood'e mind was wandering. . ,.,>,,...,. " Seven years, dear, next January." '< I thought so. Jlow, Mill;, listen to me. fyhen the .month of January is neiarly out, I wpntyou to take a..jpurney. to'.Lopdon, and c*rry',n ^et^ironi, n>ejtp Darrell. Markbam." . do'fti dear.Ringwpod, land wpiild : do jnor(S. .than that, ^if you. wisb. But why in January ? Why not sooner V " Because it's a fancy 1 have; « sick man's fancyperhaps.' Tbe letter is not written yet, bul l'll write it.l}efore.t U}l asleep again. Get ree the'pen and ink, Milly." . 'f To-morrow,-dearest, "pot. to-night," she pleaded; "you've, been fatiguing yourself already with talking' so much: write.the letter to-morrow." " No, to- night,*' be eaid,. impatiently; " this very, nigut, tbip yery hour. 1 shall tall into a fever of anxiety if I, don't write without a.moment's delay. It is-but a few lines." His loving nurse thought abetter to comply With-his wishes thAn to irritate bim by a refusal. : She brought iiapey,. 'pens, ink, seal-, ing-wax, and-seale, tana* ligbted-csndle, and arranged tbem on tbe little table by his bedside. \- She -propped bim up with pillowfi, so a? to make bis task as easy to bim as possible, and then quietly withdrew to her seat by the hearth. •: The reader knows bow difficult penmanship was to' Ringwood Markbam even when in good- health. It was a very bard task to bim to- night. - He laboured long and painfully with'the spluttering quill pen, and wrote but a few lines after -all. • These be read and reread with evident satisfaction; end then folding the big sheet of foolscap very carefully, he seeled it with a -great splash of red wax'aniln weak impression of the Markbam arms, and addressed it, in a feeble sprawling hand, with many blots, to " Darrell Alarhham, J2*q., to he delivered to him by Millicent Duke at the clou of January, 17—." . " Ibave done Darrell many a wrong," be eaid, as be banded: tbe letter to his sister; " but I think that this may repair all. It is my'last will and testament, Milly; I shall make no other, for there is none to claim the property but you." "And you have left Darrell something then ?" she asked: \- " Nothing but that letter. I trust to you to deliver it faithfully, and I know that Darrell will be content." * * * * * Mrs Sarah Pecker came to the Hall whenever she bad a spare moment, to help Millicent in ber task of nursing the dying man. Sbe was With her at that last trying moment when the faint straws of life to which tbe yonng squire bad dung floated one by one out ol his table bands, and be sank into the unknown depths'of Death's pitiless ocean. Friendly and loving faces were tbe last to Cade away from the dying tnan's eyes; soothing voices were the last to grow'faint and strange' upon bis' dull ears ; gentle bands supported the fainting frame; cool fingers laid their tonch upon the burning broiw. ' It was better to die thus tban to fipill bis blood on a sanded fl∨ in 'a'tarern brawl; though he bad b&en; . the 'most ^distinguished buck, duellist, bolly, and ewaggeter between Cove'nt Garden and Pall Mall. • CHAPTER XII. captain' fadny. Six-years had passbd.sipee that .Christmaseve -upon which -the .foreign-looking pedlar had robbed Mrs Sarah -Pecker, end worked such a wonderful change for the better,in tbe fortunes and-social: status, of her huBband Samuel.'- Six'yean bad passed eway, «nd it was Christmas lime.onoe more. • Again-Betty tbe cookmaid was bftsy plubkiog geese and. turkeys;-and aeainiMiS: Sarah.stood at ber ample dresser Tolling Dut .the paste for Christmas pies; again the mighty coal fire-peered balftvay up the: chimney,-atod the capacious firea was like a furaaoe,j«nd oply. to be bpproached with due precaution,—a mysterious tavern out of wbicb good -things seemed for -ever issuing—big sprawling crusty. goldenbrown :loa»e8, steaming batches ot pies, femall regiments.of flat cakes ot so little account as to..bb flung .without oeremony: qpop .the bare hearth to grew cool at their .leisure, and other catee and confections too nnmerous to mention. Again' was -the loitering oarfier expected, with g&oeries; from the -tniirket town; egain did tiob etreams of. b certain spicy perfume unknown r to joourt perfumers;- and commonly known as the odour of mmpuncb, issue from. the-half- open doors'of. the. parlour and the innermost sanctuary of the bar. . -'But'although tbeSe Chridtmas preparations differed in'-bo manner frtm those'of a'Christmas six years before; there •were-chanpes at the 'Bear—changes which' the reader has already been told of. 1 Mrs'Peoker ha'd grown wondtonily subdued in 'voice' end manner. Something almost of timidity'mingled with this new manner of the-'portly Sarah's— something of a pet-petual uneasiness, a continual dread, no Cne knew of what. So changed/indeed, Was eb'e In this respect, that Samuel hadMmetlmes necid tb bheer ber and console ber wh<jn 1 <she'was ' what he called '' Ibw," «nd Was fein to' adnainister modest ghuees:of punolror conifortable hot suppers as' restoratives to ber^sinking Spirits. - 'While-things were 'thus with Sarah, her Worthy husband bad -Very much improved' viader bis better-halfs neW manner of treatmsntin l>»lil .' :.'- ti:,j i.r ' r 'He -longeh' -afraid • of' his own : ebstaueifrfeQrtof "hife '^ii "Mfttti' He »6: longer trembled '^r Wil^hbd Wheh^btiddenly addressed in conversation. He oould venture to draw himself a mug of his own ale without j looking nervously, across fife shoulder all the while, qftej, theptaapgr ,of a dishonest waiter, who tampers, with bis master's ;tap. /Sanml PeckerjWas,a .pew man; ^till.a little given'US believe in gboste, perhaps, ,and to sliake Lis head andgrqw ominously when coffin-shaped cinders flew out , of the. fire ; still a little -doubtful ,as to, going anywhere filone in ^he dark; but for all that a very, }iph of courage and audacity compared tp. what he Jiad been before the foreign-looking pedlar threw Mrs. Pecker iqtQ a ejvpopl' The Bear was especially gay tbis Cbristmaseve, for a party ot gentlemen had ridden over from York, and were dining in the white parlour, a state apartment on tbe first floor., Tbey; were to sleep that night.and spend their Clmitmas-day ..at tbe inn, and the turkey: lying limp and helpless in Betty's lap was intended for them. "And isn't one''of 'em a handsome one too f said the cook, pul'ing vigorously at the biggest feathers; "You should go in and have a look at nn, missns,—such black eyes, that pierce- you through and through like a streak of lightning.!, and. little white hands, just for alt' the world like Mrs. Duke's, and all covered with diamonds and such likes. And ain't he a saucy one, too ? and ain't the others afraid of bim ? ' The other two were for leaving here after dinner; and when he said he should stay, one of 'em ask d if the place was—something. I couldn't catch the word ; but the dark-eyed gentleman burst out laughing,' and told -bim be -was-a lilylitered rascal; and not'fit company for gentlemen ;• end the other rattled his glass on the tabled and said the Captain was right—only be swore awful!" added Betty, with solemn horror..- Wbile-the cook was amusing ber mistress with'these details, Satbuei put his head in st the kitchen door. " Them bloods in the white parlour are rare Aoisy ones," he eaid; " they want half-adozen of .tbe old port, and there's only three of 'em, and they've bad Madeira ana claret already. I wish you'd go up to 'em, Sarah, and give 'em a hint that they might be a little •quieter. . I'll'go down for the wine, if you'll put ybuiself straight while I'm getting it." \- "Sarah complied, wiped- the flour from ber bands, smoothed her cap^ribbons,' drew on her mittens, and adjusted ber ample stomacher, by the time Samuel emerged from the cellar with two cobweb-shrouded black bottles under each : arin. " I've brought four, Sally," he said, as be landed the precious burden on tbe kitchen table. " I'll carry them np for you, and jou can bring a few glasses." \- The trio in the white parlour was certainly rather a riotous one. A pair of massive wax oandles burned in solid silver candle sticks upon the polished oaken table, which •was strewed with nut-shells, raisin-stalks, orange-peel, and nut- crackers, and amply garnished with empty bottles and glittering diamond-cut winB glasses. One of the party had flung himself back on his chair, and had planted bis spurred heels upon this verv dessert table, while he amused himself by peeling an orange and throwing the rind at his opposite neighltor, who, more than bnlf tipsy, eat witli his elbows on the table and his chin in his hande, - staring vacantly at bis tormentor. The third member of the little party, and he w ho.seemed far the most sober of tbe three, lounged with bis track to the fire and bis elbow leaning on the mantelpiece, and paused in the midst of some anecdote whiob he had been telling as Mrs Pecker entered tbe room. His flashing black eyes, and bis small white teeth, which glittered ns be spoke, lit np his face, which, in spite of his evident youth, was wan and haggard—the face of a man prematurely old from excitement and dissipation ; for the band of Time during the last six years had drawn many a wrinkle about tbe restless eyes nnd determined mouth of Sir Lovel Mortimer, Baronet, aliat Captain Fanny, highwayman, and, on occasion, housebreaker. Heaven knows what there was in the appearance of any one of the party in the white parlour to overawe or agitate the worthy mistress of tbe Black Bear, but it is a sure thing that a faint and dusky pallor crept over Sarah Pecker's face as sbe set tbe wine and glasses upon the table. Sbe seemed nervous and uneasy under the strange dazzle of Captain Fanny's black eyes. It bus been said that they were not ordinary eyes; indeed, there was something in tbem which the physiognomists of to-day would no doubt have set themselves industriously at work to define and explain. They were not restless only. There Was a look in tbem almost of terror— not of a terror of to-day 6r yesterday, but of Some far-away time too temote for memory— the trace of some shock to tbe nervous system received long before the mind bad power to Bote its fores, but which had left its lasting seal upon one' feature of tbe faoe. Sarah Pecker dropped and broke one of her best'wine glasses nnder the strange influence of these restless eyes. They fixed her gaze as if they had possessed some magnetio power. She followed every motion of tbem earnestly, almoBt inquiringly, till the high- wayman addressed her. ' ' '' We have the extreme honor of being waited upon by the landlady of the Bear in her own gracious person, have we not ?" he said gallantly, admiring his email jewelled hand as be spoke. He'was but a puny wasted stripling this.dashing captain, and it was only tho extreme vitality in himself that preserved him frofn insignificance. - Now, at any other time, Sarah Pecker would .have dropped a curtsey, smoothed ber muplin apron, and asked the guests whether their dinner hadbeen to their liking; if tbeir rooms were' comfortable; the ' wine agreeable to'their taste, end-some other such hospitable questions; -but to-night - sbe seemed tonguetied, as if tbe restless, light in the Captain's e^es bad almost magnetized ber into silence. '"Yes," she murmured, "I am Sarah Ptecker." • " Atid a 'veiy comfortable' and friendly creature ••yon 'look, Mrs Pecker," answered 1 Captain Fanny, with-a Bublime air nf patron- 'age. "A recommendation in your own perdon to the hospitable shelter of the Bear. 'And, egad,'madam !" Comnton-on-the-Moor has need 6f 'some hleastfat place of entertainment for tbe'nnlucky traveller who findi bimeejfby tnischahbe in'its dreary neighborhood. Was'tbere fever fcnch a place; Jads?" he added, turning to his two bbmntmions. ' \- But Mrs .Sarah Pecker had been born in the village of CJomp ton^ and was by no means disposed' to' stand by and heat ber native place to 'contemptously epoken bi. Tiirmng ner feie a little away from tbe daibragkriight of tbe road, as if It were easier to hef to speak whep outof the radius of those unquiet eyes, abb wud With sbmfe^itnity^ - "' " Compton-on-the-Moor ma'y -be "a 'retired place, gentlemen, being nigh upon a week's ourney from London, bat it is a pleasant vil- .,. jO-u ; Ujjr IUO JJJG, XTrT,^ —J' "we took notice,^.p^.big^p4b^ ^qi»rebuilt house, standing' amongst some fine titni- ; her upon a bit 'of rising ground half a mile; on the other side of'tbe Village. A 'doll old dungeon enough it- looked,' with 1 half the windows shut up, Who dies'that belong to T' " It is called Cbmptbn Hall, sir," apswered Sarah, "and it did belohg tojbunfc. Squire Ringwood Meridiem.'!' "Ringwood Maridjain ! A.fair-ftced lad with blue eyes and a small waist t? .' " Tbe same, fcir."' .' .;"'' " - 1 .'. ; "Tknow him bis ybart ago in Lotadon." " Very Ijkejy, sir. Pppr, Mastefr Rjngwood bad his fling" of London life,' and >efy little he got by it, pbor boy. ' He's gone' now, sir. He was buried three weeks ago,* ' " Dead 1" murmured Cajptain Fanny. "Poor MarkhamI I. didn't aiipk to hear Bu'chtiewB as that of him; Bat "he and a good many of us have had a hticy " tob turiing the' candle 1^ both ends, irn'd l eapposb Tro've np right to grtnrrble if it bfims ont gtdckly." The youn'g miii Baid- this in A dmiBlng tone that -was not 1 witb'o'ut a touch tif aelancholy. ButKeWused himfeelf from this' meditative mood in the hejtt momint, dnd addrefaed Mb Pecker with bis 'accustomed vivacity. " And Cbmptbn Htfll belonged to Rmgwood Mark- 1 bam V' he eaid.."'' ^Yes, sir; arid'Cotaptoh Hall eMate, which "brings in an fncome'bf Six br sevpn 1 hundred a year."' ' ' , . . ' . ' ' " And who doe? the Hall belong to now, then P' .'•'••'•• !' • •' " To bis^ister, sir, Mistress Millicent that was. Mrs Duke." "Mrs Duke! The wife of a Bailor—one George Duke?" • ' '; /• " The widow of Captain George Duke, sir." "The widow! What, is George Duke dead P' ' > ' •'• " Little dobbt of that, «ir. Tbe'Captain sailed -from Marley Water seven' years ago come JanUafy, ana neither he nor his ship, the Vulture; have ever been beard of since." " A"nd the wido w of George Duke "has come into a property worth' six or seven hundred.a vearf" " Yes,'sir ; the Hall estate must be worth that, if it's' worth "a farthing." " And the only proof she has erer bad of George Dtike's' death Is' Mb Beven years', absence froiii Compton-on-the-Moor P ! " She cobld scarcely need a stronger proof, I should think, sir." " Couldn't she V' exilaimed the yonng man with a langb. u Why,' Mrs'Sartb' Pecker, I have seen so mucb'df the strange chances and changes bf tbis world, that I seldom believe a man is dead unless I Bee bim put into bis coffin; the lid screwed down upon bim, and the earth'shovelled into his grave,' and even then there are some folks such riipjierycustomers that I should scarcely be-surprised to meet them'at "the gate of the churchyard. The world is 'wide cnopgb outside Comptonon-the-Moor; and your sailor' is a P'ving blade, who is apt to talce his own pleasure abroad, forgetful bf 'anyone who may be waiting for him nt home. Who knows that Captain Dnke mBy not come back to-morrow to claim his wife and ber fortune P' "The' Lord forbid I" said Mrs Pecker earnestly ; " I would ratlier not be wiihing (II to any one : but sooner than poor Miss Millicent should see him come back to break ber heart and waste ber money, I would pray that the Captain of tbe Vulture may lie drowned and dead under tbe foreign seas."' " A pious wish!" cried Captain Fanny, laughing. ".However, as I -don't know the gentleman, Mrs Pecker, I don't jnind saying, Amen. But as to seven-years' absence being proof enough to make a woman a widow, that's a common mistake and a vulgar one, Mrs Sarah, whicb I scarcely expected to bear of. from « woman of your sense. - Seven years —wby, husbands have come bade alter seven teen !" ••-'.; Mrs Pecker made no answer to :this. , It her face- was paler even than it bad. before, it was 'concealed from observation as sbe bent over the dessert table collecting the used glasses upon her tray. When sbe bad left the room, and the three young men were once more slooe, : Captain Fanny &urct; into a peal of ringing laughter; "Here's -news !*' be cried : -split toe, lads, here's-a Joke ! George' Duke dead-end gone, and George Duke's widow with *n estate that produces -seven hundred a year. .> If that fpol, Sulky Jeremiah; hadn't- qUanelled.'with Ibis best friends, and given as .the slip'in that cursed ungrateful manner, here Would have been a chance for him!" . CHAPTER XIII. THE END OP; JANUAtir. ' i Captain, f AfJNV,. otherwise Sir Level Mortimer, did not leave,; the:Blapk Bear until the mornipg after,iCfcristmas-day, when he and his . tiyo pompanionp rode, blithely , off through the .frosty ^December sunlight, after expressing, much content ifitb,. the festive fare provided' by M$g.Pecker; after paying the bill without £0 nuch as casting,a. glance at the items;' after' remembering .the, ostler, the chambermaid, the brots, and every other member of the comfortable establishment who had any claipi to advance upon the generosity of the West-conn Uy baronet. A noble pan tlemap,-they said, in «he kitchen at tbe Black. Bear, handsome and free- spoken, reckless as a prince .witb bis golden; guineas and broad crown .pieces—Hcemfortahietind substantial. coins,, sadly.: pijtjof. fashion now, but much' affected in those, homely days,.. fect gertdemBn, with (maroMifgly l^lqiidMiiC^' and no doubt high-bred''ifiaiitt'fe^s, 'such' $9. were ot cbnrefe <cbmmbn 'toAhe-ntmili^y alooel And then his eyes^-thbsb lat-ge shining bfecK restless eyes,. u nqiHet' aS faldnigbt" itars ir^: flectea on * storni- tos^d ocean,'arid iflmost a; wonderful.,. I do pot meap, that^ey said exactly thete Vbfds ffi the kitchen' 1 fit the Bear, botthey : ss5d l a gfeat "deaI mttre r Wl«B to th«s effect about Captain, Fanny's, ^liAtrmis orbs.' Betty'tbh twttk made brii 'remarS. tne utto-' inanity ofwblfcb-Vlrew ^npoti her the: Xeprobe Tl tion andHdicnle crberfellow-servaDtj. Tb»' foolish^vHipah Tleclared that Sii 1 Lovit Mortj-' mer's eyes i«{niiltl^l'fa'e'r bf thepightcfa which tbfe fetrttij^:pedlarstole thetfpbend; • fehegiiew alarmihgfy'bbscw^1' ted lihintjeUlgiije when abked if the baronet's eyei teihinded hbr of tbe spoons br the pedjtar; ' and ponld only;vaguely protest that they b'rougbt it tdl .back'to her tdiitfi eomehbwl " c • • - • •' i • • • •" ; - & entirely pocnjiied were Ate aomestioe bf the BlacW Be'Br in r|i6<!ijssm^. ditir late 4is-; tinguished visffor^ tha't thd nB'Ws'of a'^epemtt* highway robbery,' acobmptinmd'.'by. maiSi' violence, that fla'd IgMtfkJ^iiiBWptlisteldtf the night of Decembw'tHeHw'Aty-thlrd, made scarcely any impression upon tbem. Nor were they even very seriously affected by an ttqck ppop the York mail, the tidints o" whiob reached them two days after die departure of . Sir Lovel and his companions. ' The sojourp of a handsome young baronet «t the Black Bear was a rare event, to be remembered and talked bf for a twelvemonth at least j while violence, outrage, robbery, and iqurder upon the "king's highway were of everyday' occurrence. London kept' holiday every Mqnday morning, and wentgipsying and sight-Beeing.Tyburnwards. Thieves,; retired from business, made goodly fortunes by hunting dowft bid comrades. Children were hung without mercy for the stealing of three talfjence on that.'eia sacra, the king's highway; tecause -the law—poor well-intended blundering monster-as it was—could frame a statute, but cbuld not Make a distinction, and could only hang by the letter, where_ it might have pardoned according to the spirit. * So, in tbp kitchen at the Black Bear Mrs Pecker's retainers spent tbe few remaining December evenings in talking of the gay young visitors who bed lately enlivened tbe hostelry by their presence; while Millicent Duke, looking fairer and paler than ever in her mourning gown, eat alone in the oak parlour at Compton Hall, with die brass-handled bureau open before her, trying to understand K>me farming accounts rendered by her bailiff. Mrs George Duke found faithful Sarah Pecker an inestimable comfort to ber in her bereavement and accession to fortune. I think but for the help of that sturdy creature poor. Millicent would have made. Compton Hall and Compton farm a present - to the *ti 1- wart Cumbrian' bailiff, and would have gone quietly back tober cottagein ( V e High Street, to wait for the coming of death br Captain George Duke, or any other calamitv which was the predestined close of her joyless life. Bnt Sarah Pecker was worth a dozen lawyers and half-a-dozen stewards. She attended at the reading of the will, in which her own came was recorded with-a. bequest of " fifty golden guineas, and ja„ mourning ring containing my hair, in remembrance of much love and kindA6sd,' to cost ten guineas and no less." She mastered all the bearings of that intricate document, in spite of this "aforesaids," and " hereinafter mentioneds," atid ell the dreary technicalities which obsetfred its meaning, and knew more bf it after one reading than even tbe lawyer who had drawn it up. She talked to Millicent about quarters of wheat, and hay, and turnips, till poor Mrs DukeVbrtun reeled, and she could only meditate with admiration on Sarah's prodigious learning. The 'stalwart' bailiff trembled before die mistress of the Black Bear, and went into long stammering explanations to account for a missing truss of hay that had been twisted into bands, lest be should be suspected of dishonesty in tbe transaction. (To be continue!.) It is reported that nine divorce cases await action in tbe New Court presided over by Judge Hargrave. The Prince of Wales returned from Vienna in time to attend the Derby, and ho and the Princess have been at Ascot. The Datch will have work to re-establish themselves in Sumatra. A recent telegram from the district Says tbe other natives are about to make common cause with the Acheoese in their attempt to expel the foreign colonisers. . Ireland claims to have some very longlived people among tbe peasantry. Tbe registrar-general reports that among the 22,434 deaths registered in Ireland in the last quarter of the year 1872 were those of .10 persons stated to have reached or passed the age of 100 years. . A." little war," which will be quite to the taste of the United States authorities, promises to spring out of the recent raid of. American troops into Mexico. .The United States War .Secretary bag intimated to tbe Mexican Government that he, approves of the movement, and therefore will not apologise for it. Certain jpdipn tribes threaten retaliation, and General Sheridan is ordered to take,the field. .--Hasdsomb- Pbioi for Hosses.—A > p»ir of. carriage horses bred at Duntroon, by Mr George Campbell, realised last .week in. the Sydney market £120; another ppir /etched £130; and a eju'dle hprse ,£50. .At. the same time a satldlehorse/a huntei^.bred at Duotrpfln by Mr A., Hadrian, was ^old for ? IMFBTERAT ARD^TISTRAMAIT POSTAT AK- THKfflE«B!<Ts.|—We believe that aUmg des- 'patch «ri tiie postal 'question has t^en addressed to his''Excellency die Governor bj the Secretat-y of Slate'foi' 'the'<W1dnies." W4 nnderetenil that the S^^atfch .^fert to the Consideration' which tbe "hapefiH Gffvehifaent have given to the proceedings of tbe' lntercelonia! Conference' beld Kt SydniBy op'this subject. It comtaiitiieateS'tbeirfinM decfeion, and the reasons vwhnh infloettoed tbem in coming to .that deeiskw.; - :.,.. • ~Wb (DMo DuipnlcJt) ieahi |n)m 'a ! cor- 1^0'ndent that .ybe'inandation at Boiirke was rapidly shlwiiinif.'; personsliayelone down, tbe riverirt,bloBts J;^]the"wiad, l hmttefar outback, wis'bttt travel}(ibl6."' The 'riV^r, at the tptidmum this tnonth, wai pne fo6t 'li%her than She "70 'flood. and ^tWib and & balf feet Ibwe'r th^'n the'flood of, '18|54. "This Vttkm froti 'ifpjnige'on the'babK St''fib jMr hbout fourteen teilb^abb't'e Lotiih, 'which still regains high tind' diy. ; There hre 21,000, store 'sheep Trott'^h^land 1 near Lonth (M*Iijtyrt in iigfe),'fcrbOT. for '^ithhBni or Melbe^iriie marfetS, da'thB Ikmt&"Rind to '-CoBir tnil 'this Cachlaij.: The'sa^on bti the Dating''is very fevorable for lambipjjland The Saturday Review thus.puts >the pbiloflophy of .^advertising' in • -novel .find rtther ,etriking poi atof^ view c-r-'^Slhere is a sluggish - ness ie tbe humao viniod fwhich prefents us .from etooping to njok np;n^enny; thourh we iare witting enbugb'to .hold lautocahuxC iThe prinoiplejs otie iwith which ;*ve are famiUar in fev^ryidey life, nit.has 1 beanrfonn4 -in oertain friendly .eooietiee.i that. (the. 1 depositors .prefer paying* shilling; to«< «olleotor who calls ot ' their hnmm« rathnrthan across a street ,to j>ay ^inepepce at the ofpoe. .The theory of BdvertiBjnjg.rfests'tipon ibfefeeme principle. If the trapebfSmith ocetJrs ! to the miridii bf a hhridred'petWlA With' eter 'so' little, I: Mater .• focility tWq tbe'iflafhe of BroWii, ' that' infihitBta'mal saving of trtuble win detetinine thepi-^.'gbtb Stnith> iihi>p; ;i '*ro make' beople an^patby; and life an ally of intelleotnal indolenoe there is nodiing which you may not hope to accomplish." ? 