THE BUSINESS OF AMUSEMENT. (From the Spectator.) Thackeray was always harping on the idea that it is a serious business for Harlequin to make people laugh. Himself a great master of the droll, he prob ably deduced from his own consciousness the belief that extraordinary capacity to amuse others is generally associated with a delicacy of nervous organization and an emotional sensibility which render their possessor specially liable to pain. Nature, in her queer and often cruel way, seems to exult in illustrating the principle of Yoe eon cobia. Market-gardeners seldom cat fruit, fishermen seldom taste fishb, grocers' appren. tires are easily surfeited on raisins, critics of all kinde wish that some Lethe could be discovered, by dipping in which they might recover that freshness of taste and keenness of perception which the habit of profes sional judging has dulled; and few people, we imagine, lead a harder life, or enjoy less of unconstrained and happy laughter, than those who avow it as their voca. tion to entertain the community. Perhaps we ought to confine the application of this remark to the rank and file of what, in the Era newspaper, is called " the profee eion," or at least, to these and the subalterns and non commissioned officers. Of the few persons of command ing genius in the theatrical and musical world, who have but to hold out their hand to fortunein order to be helped over all difficulties and seated in the high places of respect and affluence, we do not speak. Pos sibly they have their own labours and sorrows. It may be no easy matter to keep artistic skill, even when accompanied with genius, at that high pitch of burnishing which can be relied on to fix the wandering eye of .the public ; and there is no reason to believe that, in the majority of eases, the irritability of genius decreases in proportion to its genuineness or its rarity. But of those "professionals" who take rank with poets or historians of established reputation we do not now speak. For one thing, their ways and feelings are comparatively hidden from us. They do not advertise. We refer to that vast brotherhood and sisterhood who invite us in the strongest possible terms to know all about them, and proclaim in elo quent advertisements their power to amuse and delight mankind. We have been looking over the advertising columns in several successive numbers of the Era, and have been impressed with the notion, first, that the world which opened upon us is one of which most people know very little; and, in the second place, that tile business of amusing men, women, and children, is even at this holiday season of the year, no laughing matter. The element of mere fun probably takes a more prominent place among entertainments in Au gust than it would in March. A large proportion, how ever, of the " artistes" whose advertisments are before us are in harness the whole year round; and the sole variation by which their mode of existence can be enlivened depends upon change of town for country, or upon episodical tours in America or on the Continent. The word " fun" must indeed be taken to include excitement of all kinds, except that which belongs to the tragic stage. The word " sensation" is the most comprehensive and accurate that can be used to define what the motley host of performers aim at. We cannot pretend to give, with any reasonable approximation to completeness, a list of the names they call themselves or the specialities they profess. Wisards and ventriloquiets, equilibrists, contortion ists, jugglers, wire-walkers, rope- dancers, mimics, acrobats, fakirs, spiral-bicycle ascensionists, trapesists, grotesque gymnasts, tumbling clowns, and flying jumpere, are among those which at once catch the eye. Peculiarities of sex and age are carefully specified. Infant Vennues, infant pianists, baby acrobats, lion tamers twelve years old, female walkers of 1000 miles in 1000 hours, " the smallest vocalist and comedian in the world," "the child wonder," " the greatest female contortionist in the world," announce their charms and achievements. These advertisers are clearly of opinion that there is a good deal in a name . .. We approach nearer to the regular stage when we come to the advertisements of clowns, niggers, etof ho genus omne. There are " Good Niggers," "Knock about Niggers," multitudinous musical niggere, and "Linnet and Starling, the Royal Blackbirds,' are ob viouely niggers in pleasing disguise. "Ohrambermelds," either " singing" or with a " brogue,"' are called for. To chronicle and distinguish the various kinds of dancers-" characteristic" dancers, ballet dancers, pedestal dancers, champion dancers, "Sylphs," and so on-would be a task for a more knowing hand than ours. Strange to say, " Heavy Gentlemen and Old Women" and "Heavy Juveniles" are wanted, and we almost wonder that some correspondent does not give the editor of the Era a hint that his advertisers might try the House of Lords and Commons. Among the professional varieties which catch the eye may be noted "Utility People," " Dog People," "Duologue and Burlesque Artists:'," "Double Drummers," "A Corner Man that can Skate, Dance, Jig, and Big-Boot,"' "People in every Branch of the Ghost Business," ' Lightning Acrobats," "James Davis, the Cure Up side-down." It is interesting, but almost ead, to learn that "ahostof first-clsspantomimiste" are "to let." It cannot be said that either the pantomimists or other ar tistsareguiltyofhiding theirlight underabushel. They are not prevented by any false modesty from stating the extent to which they are appreciated. Their "sueo cess" is never less than " tremendous" or " terrific." They create a "perfect furore" wherever they go. " They stand alone, they are unequalled in their else. sical delineations of the gymnastic art, there's no mis take." This is Professor Chantrell's aenount of his " troupe," and other professors have equal satisfaction in their assistants. They have no idea of not letting their best be seen, and confide to the whole world the excellent opinion they have of themselves. We should think, however, that from the amount of thundering and deafening applause their sense of hearing must. stand in danger. 