£tltti $rujtrij. TEJfNSSOlTS NEW ODE TO THE QU£EN. All the papers are printing the .latest bit of Tennyson, liie ode to the Queen, published at the etid of tbe ueft edition of his poems: O loyal t» the loyal in thyself, And loyal to thy land aathiB-to thee— B«ar witness, that rememberable day When, p&lo; as yet, and fever-worn, the Prince, Who scarce hadpluek'd hie. flickering life again From half-way down the shadow of the grave, Past with t ee thro' thy people and their love, , And Jjondon roll'd one tide of joy tbr.?' all Her trembling millions and long leagues of .men < And welcome. WitneeB, too, the silent cry, .'The prayer of many a race and creed and clime— Xliunder'ess lightnings striking under sea From.sunset and sunrise of all thy realm. .And that true North, whereof we lately heard A strain to shame us—*' Keep you to your , eelves. So loyal is too costly! Friends—your lore Is bat a burden : loose the bond, and go. Is this the tone of Empire? Here (he faith That Bribes us ru'ers 1 This, indeed, her voice And meaning, whom the roar of Hougouroont Left mightiest-of all peoples under i!fcaren ? What shock hue fool'd her since, thatshe should speak So feebly f Wealthier—wealthier—hour by hour.' • Tho roice of Britain, or a sinking land— Some third-rate iele, half-lost among her seas! There rang her voice when the full city pealed Thee and thy Prince ? The loyat to their Crown Are loyal to their own far sons, who lore Our Ocean Empire with her boundless homes. For evor-broadening England, and her throne In our vast Orient, and one isle, one isle, That knows not her own greatness. If- tiie knDivs And dreads it—we are faU'njbut thou, my Queen, Nor for itself, but thro' thy living love. For one to whom I made it o'er his grave Sacred, accept this old imperfect tale. New-old, and the shadowing Sense at war "with Son], Rather than that gay Eiug, whose nijine, a •* ghost, Streams like a cloud, man-imped fiom mountain peak And cleaves to Cairn and Cromlech still j or him Of Geoffrey's look or him of Malleor's one Tourh'd by the adulterous finger of a time That hovered between war and wantonness, And crownings and dethronements; take withal Thy poet's bliseing, and his trust that heaven Vfill blow tbe tempest in the distance back From tliine and ours. For some are seared who mark Or wisely or unwisely, sign of storm; Waverings of every vane with every wind, And wordy trucklings to the transient hour, And fierce or careless looseners of tho faith, And softness breeding scorn of simple iift1, Or cowardice, the child of Just for gold. Or labor, with a groan and not a voice, Or art, with poisonous honey stol'n from France And that which knows, but careful for itself, And that which knows-not, ruling that which knows, . : To its own harm. The goal of this great world Lies* beyond sight-; yet—if our slowly grown And crowned republic's downing common sense That saved her many times, not fail- their fears Arc inorning shadows hugor tbnn the shapes That cast them, not those gloomier which forego The darkness of that battle in the west, Where all-of high and h6ly dies away. [Tbe above is " poetry."] 