JACK PUGII'S LEGACY. from delqravia CHAPTBIt I — TUB SPIDER IN THE CUP. As long as Mr. Williams stayed with us, tLe attitude between Lucy and myself could only be one of armed neutrality. She was too plucky a girl to say anything to her father, or to lot him see more than she ccu'd help how miserable sho was. Hs saw something was wrong, however; but he said nothing. He took to an easy-chair on tbe lawn, with a cigar and iho Liverpool Mercury, aud didn't seem to fee! tho difference between Dolydd and bis counting-house half aa much as you'd have expected. I thought that things would go on better if I kept out i f tho way as much as possible, and with that viow I hal taken down .my red, and was going away to the river, when my fa'hor-in-law called to me, " Ned, 1 want to speak to ynu." I brought a chair to his side. "Ned," ho said, "cou'd yon h t me have ten tboutam (or a fort night?" You might havo knocked me down with a fca her. I could just have raised ten p;unds perhaps, and told him ro. " 0, as far as that goes, there's no difficulty in that—land me the title-deedB of Dolydd, (and sign a memoran dum of deposit-, and iny bankers will lot me have tbe money." " And if I don't ? " "Probably I shall snspond payment within a week." " And the two thousand pounds of Lucy's Will go too. 'Twon't matter ; I'll make 'em again before I die." "When do you wnut an answer?" "I'm going back by the seven from Ruaboa— leave here about five." WeU, I maio up my mind at once I wouldn't do-it. Indeed, I couldn't, being under a mort gage, as I told you ; only I thought I Wouldn't tell him till he washing away, in order that tbo old gentleman might onjoy his visit as much aa possible, 80 I sat down beside him, and begin to talk about one thing or another. " By tho way," I Haiti,-" did jou know anything of a man called Walter Weston ; be was a Liverpool man, I hear, and he' used to live here ? " ' Did I know anything of Wallet Weston? I shcu'd think I did I You don't mean to sa f he lired here ! " " Yes, he did ; and nover paid his last quarter's rent; The creditors had eold everything beforo unele, who way rather slow, you know, had found out anything was wrong." Hy .father-in-law chuckled till the tears ran down his lace. ' Was that your uncle, that rum little chap in the peaked hat and the fl pping coat and the brown gaiters ? Ha, Ha ! 1 shall never forget his coming into my counting- house at Liverpool and asking for his rent. Such a acarocrow I never saw ! " Then you were the creditor who took advantage of biro?" raid I rather sharply— for I didn'i like his laughing at my uncle, and wanting to borrow the title-deeds of Doljdd all the time. " How much do. you think I lost by your friend Walter Weston 1 ' cried my father-ia-law, lookiog serious. "Your undo made none enough about his twenty pounds : but how much do you think I lost — ten thousand runds 1 Ah, and snapped my fioge b at it, too." What I had you lent him money without security ?" " I'd havo lent him twice as much : but I had some sort of security. I bad a life- policy for ten thousand pounds." " Then you got that ? " " Hot it, bless you, I've boon paying two hundred pounds a yoar for the laBt ton years to koep it up: but whether he's dead or he's living, the Lord only knows. But I know this, It 1 coma prove uu ueuvu u wuutu uo wuihi au thousand pounds to mo." " I can prove it," I cried; and tbon I told him tbo ghost-stoiy. With that ho laughed worse than ever. He was 08 light-hearted an old fellow as over ycu met. " Ho, ho ! " he cried, " I can fancy going to the Universal Life Office with such a story as that. Lord, what a tale that'll be for 'Change to morrow ! Walter once moro ! Ho, ho, ho ! Ned, you'll bo the death of mo." I wasn't so well p'easod with Iho old gentle man's hilarity. It's a sigu, I think, of a very narrow mind when a man's constantly tanking jokes and fun out of nothing at all. Weil, all the time I'd been chatting with him, the wind had fallen and clouds had gathered, and I heard a mutteiiog of thunder in the nir, aud so I know it was no use taking out my rod, and I put it away ; but not caring to stop at home all the day and be laughed at by the o!d gentleman, I put my magic siato in my pockot, and leaving a note with David to say I wmb very sorry I could not part wiih my titlo deeds and so on, and tol ling David to givo it tho old gontloman at tko very last momont before ho went, I started off to tbe mountains without saying a word to any body where I was going. River overtook mo when I was about to cross the river ; but I Bent him back, and ho went homo unwillingly, looking round every minute to see whether 1 hadn't re lented ; but I wouldn't tasq him, for tliero wero grouse breeding on tho mountain, and Rover was young and skittish. CHAPTER II.— OH THE MOUSTAII, The weathor got worse as I left Dolydd behind me, and made my way up the flank of Pence nig, the mountain which rose on the opposite sido of the river. But tho bluster of tho elements suited my feelings exactly. B.-hind mo, on tho opposite hills, tho thundcr-clouds were clustered thickly, but on this sido. although the tuiu t very now and then came down in sharp rattling showers, yet tho hills were s'ill clear tf the storm, and I could see before mo a stretch of rough mountain pasture, part rock, part bog, and part coarse spongy tu.f. Presently I had mount-id to a good height, and looking about me, found that I could see on the other side of the river the old inau's head ; there was a kind of gleam of light upon it, a sulky crimson glow, and bobtnd it the clouds wero rolling and frothing and boiling as in some great caldron. I couldn't see tbe cairn beyond ; pro bably I was too low, so I mounted higher and higher, and flying clouds began to wrap mo BUOUS in WIUAlua Ul Ullliuiug j.ohiuj; laijui But I kept on steadily upwards. I felt angry and desporate too, as if I didn't care what would become of me. 1 stood at last on the edge of a ridge which was clear from mists. White clouds were wreathed below me. Thick vxpors bid ail the rest of the ridge bnt the point on which I stood. Ah, there was the old man's head again ! bnt where was the cairn ? Lost in the seething caldron, veiled behind those agitated clouds. All of a sudden tho clouds separated, the darkor ones seemod to sink, tho lighter te rise and float in a bright glowing vapor, which now formed tho friogo of the heavens, the border which hid tbe junction of earth and sky. There was a univer sal panso and thrill throughout all tho hills, as though they were awaiting tbe first throo of Bome portentous birth ; tbon from tbo caldron of tbo elonds shot a fierce tongue of flame, and all tho artillery of heaven thundered forth, and every mountain be'lowed with its echoes. But in all tho crash and din, in all tho glare and fl ime of that wild storm, I kopt my eyes fixed on tho old man of the mountain : and at the second sheet of fire the clouds bolcbod forth, I saw diaticctly, lit np in lurid glare, tbo tongue shooting out ri hi- mouth, the cairn standing foith out of the shasm. Next 'moment the downpour commenced, and everything was blotted from my sight— every thing but the few yards of spongy turf and Kcban-oovered rocks immediately around me. I «m vat i a till a akin, an A clnlletL find somewhat unnerved by the storm, and I seemed so cut off from all hnman help, so hopelessly aud miserably alone, that it was some time before I could make up my mind in which way I should move, and ere I had taken more than a few steps I had com pletely lost ail idea of the direction in which I was geing. Not even the glow of tho sun could penetrate tbe thick water-clouds in which I was encompassed. North, south, oast, or west wero no longer existing points forme ; I was the centre of a little circle which might be tho universe fcr aught I knew, and I tho only creature in it. Suddenly a chink, a cranny in tho clouds re vealed some dark undistingui&hablo; mass lo-.ming upon me. It might be a distant bill, and I might be on the verge of a precipice, looking down I Into the valley lying between ; or it might be same bnt or shoaling close at hand — a blank wall even would be a comfort, and give mo a litilo shelter: anything was better than wandering aimlessly about, madly pelted by tho elements. Cautiously and slowly verifying every step, 1 made my way in the direction of tho black ska dow ; yet I almost touched tho thing before 1 knew that it was no shadow, hut a voritablc mass of stone. For so worn and hoar it was with tbe storms of ages that it almost seemed a part of the driving mist, of the keen aud bitting wind It was a Maen hir, a monumental stone whose history is lost in the mist of ages. Standing sheltered under the loo of tbis vene rable rock, and poering earnestly and carefully into the mist, I saw the shalows of other mighty stones lowering upon mo. Indeed I stood within .a charmed circlo of these ancient Toifuni, point- ing eolemnly upwards as though they were the fingers of dead ages. Within this circle the storm raged less fiercely, nay even for a moment thore was a rift in the clouds, and a sickly gleam of tbo sun illumined the magic group. I could ceunt the stones as they stood ; ana I counted up to thirteen, and then I remembered that thirteen was the num ber of stars or orosses .on the slab of slate, old John's last legacy. CHAPTER III.— COME OH, BIB ; HERE'S THE PLACE ; STAND STILL. Standing under the lee of the stone, with my teeth chattering in my hoad, I felt in my coat- pocket for tbo slate, and having found it, I care fully counted tho crosses upon it, and satisfied myself onco moro that tliero were indeed thirteen. Moreover, I noticed that three of the crosses or stones were in a line with tho man's mouth and tho cairn. The centre stono, at which I stood, was ono of them of course : in the direct line with two others was tho airiw pointing— whore i I had given up tho idea of a slate-quarry now. The correspondence of tho mystic circle with the distant cairn and the old man of the mountain could not be accidental, it must bo referred to tbo dim past. Was I about to discover some bidden hoard of wealth ? Was it some tomb of a forgotten king, or some treasury of Druidic wealth that was to bo revealed to me ? At any rate, I thought, tho adven uro would bo ono <-f peril. Not to men in holiday guise, not in tbe fUDBhiuo and brightness of summor days, will Nature reloaso her grasp of treasure so long in her keeping. In storm, in tempest, in trouble, in disaster, in gloom, in death, there you who would wrest hor seoretB from her must be con tent to strugglo. Ilad it been yesterday only, I would have ronouucod tho dangerous quest, would have broken the slate to pieces against the rock, havo left the adventure unachioved. But to-day, when I bad just experienced one of those quakes which make a man realiso that the earth be deems so fiim is bat a crust throbbing and palpitating on subterranean fires — to-day I felt equal to any dangci, wrought np to any des- perate cecu. How to begin. Where was tho commencement of tho clue ? now should I distinguish in all this gathered glrem the distant features of the mountain ? Hero Nature aided me ; for, as I stoo l looking blankly oat into impalpablo masses of gray darknees, like the drawing of a curtain the clouds opened, and throngli a th'n gauzy veil, as it wero, I taw the man's head and bis pointed tonguo just over tho sloping back of one of tbe Btones. It was but for a moment ; bnt the glim; so was sufficient. I had got the line. Still, what use was it to me ? I could only plunge for ward ouce moro in the miBt, to bo in a moment hope'essly lost in it. Did tho siato afford any farther guide ? I thought that it did. Though rudely scratched, yet iu measurement and distance it was carefully mark- d, and evidently to some scale. The arrow which -'pointed the way from the farther stone was of tho exact length cf tho diameter of the circle. Across its faither end throe rude scratches had boen made, as though to deBigna'o tho feathering; bat it struck mo that these marks had reference to number, and that the true reading of tho sigu wiuld bo, three times tho diameter of tho circle measured in a direct lino with tho threo maeni. But I could still hardly sco across the circlo from itscentTe: how should I maintain the lino when I had onco again lost sight of tho stones in tho mist? At any rate I would commence the attempt ; and so I left tho shelter of the centre stone, and walked towards tho outer stono which stood in tho lino of the roua l-backed one Jover which I had scon the old man of tho mountain. Now win n I n ach'.d the foot of this boulder, I saw, lying thorc in tho littlo orator the stone had formed with its chilling shadow, three white Btones. Then T knew I was right. And yet tho sight of th:so three white Btones was in ono sense a disappointment to me. Some one had boen there — when '—before me. The lumps of white glittering quartz were of yester day ; a fow years at farthest could only have olapsed sinco they were dug out of the quarry. Then again I started as I saw that there was a small heap of tboso etones closo by. Was it ono of tbo eruditions of tbis arduous quest that the undertaker should have behind htm the means of re rowing tho c'ue he was about to use? I thought so ; aud whilst I took up tho three stonrs that lay by the side of the Tolfaen, I replaced them with three others, and placed on the top of tboso my slab of slate, tho legacy of John Pugh. If I returned. I would reclaim i: : if not. there it was for the next comer. Then tbe thought s'ruck mo, how had it been with tho man who went before mo ? had he ever returned. I carefully paced the distance between the two stones in the circumference of the circle, eighteen paces on each sido of the centre stono, and then I took up the three whito stones and began my march. At the thirty-sixth paco I stopped, whooled round : my march had been in a direct line. I covered the contre stone with the ono nearest mo: bore I put down a white stone, and wont on. For tho next ihirty-rix paces tho ground was rough and uneven ; I diverged too much to tho right, and had to ciirect my boariuga by some four feet. Now the mi> t had come on worse than over ; it was blinding, overpowering ; the day was de clining t» o, daiknets coming on ; I could no longer v.iify my boarings by tho stones ; I most trust to my accuracy of foot. .So I marched on steadily and firmly. I couldn't even see the ground on which I trod ; but kept myself square to the front nevertheless. Tliir'y-Uiree, thirty four, thirty five; I paused. I thcugbt it grew a trill o lighter to my face, though the mist was thicker than ever. Well, horeaboutB was the end if my pilgrimage ; one more step,— I threw down tho atone before mo, aud felt for it with my foot that I might stamp it firmly iuts the soil. My foot touched nothing; » u&gcicuj; Jcuuverou wjfbo.i, uuu turn x ucaiu the rumble of the stone as it Btruck against a rrck a thousand feet below. I was on the edge of the great precipice of Craigddu. CHAPTER IV. — WAITING AND WATCHING. Hero, whilst I pau«o for a moment to collect my thoughta, I'll give you an extract from my wife's drii y ; she has an excellent heart, poor girl, though Badly wanting in discrimination. " Eight o'clock, 'and no Edward. The dinner has been kopt bock hour by hour, and now cook comes to tell mo it's no use serving at all, for everything's burnt to a cinder. 1 Master's dining out, depend upon it,' sho says. Would that I knew where ho is ! Tho uncertainty terrifies me ; no one shares my uneasiness. David says that ' Mastor is all right ; he's met eorao- body, and is gone homo with bim.' I know how angry Elwaru will bs if I make any fuss about bia absence. I think now, that if I were to hear his step in tho hall, I should run and rctet him as of old ; and yet— how can I forgive him ? Indeed, I don't know that ho would ctre to bo forgiven. How strangely mnst he be altered, that he can calmly discuss with that woman the prospects of the removal of tho obstacle ! Yes, I think I could forgive anything but that, to bo thought of as an obstacle— my coming troublo calmly discounted as a possible means of de liverance to my husband. 0, it is bard to bear 1 And yet what can I do ? Nine o'clock, still no Edward. A dreadful suspicion now seizes mo ! Has he left me ? has he joined 'hit woman ? and — I can't beir to think of it ! That 1 3hall never sea him moro, or meet him only as a stranger divided from him by a b rricr more cruel than death ! Isn't it moro dreadful to think that one should ever come to look coldly and with aversion on one we love, than that we enould be separated by death ? And, ah, I don't think Edward is so much to blame. He has been Jed astray by that woman ; he is weak, very weak ; this f tscinating widow has tempted him into compromising him self ; ah, that I had her within the reach of these hands ! It is she who calls mo the obstaolo, not Elvrard, thank God. Ten o'clock. Icanenduro this Btupense no longer. David shall take tbe hone and ride over to Mra. Weston's ; he ahall beg him to return, to me. am ill ; I can write no more. Farewell, brief life, of such chequered texture. Ned, tho obstacle will soon bo re moved ! Ned, my troublo has come upon mo, and you are not hero." It shows, I think, tho unroisonable nature of we man, that they aro always making troubles for themselves over and abovo tboso with which Providence has gifted them. I can understand Lucy's not boingp'essod with that letter of Mrs. Weston's, through bor not being acquainted with I the allusions contained iu is- ; but that sho should blame me for being away from her wbt n I'd havo givon all I possessed to be safo at homo at Dolydd, does strike one as being — well — feminine, Well, indeed, when I found myself just on tho point of tnmbiing over tho precipice at Craigddu, I was fairly Lightened; I could realiso so strongly tho peril I had escaped. I could feci tnjself flying helplessly through the air ; drops of sweat started from mo, as I imagined that last fatal flight, the horror of the fall, measured by seconds indeed, but in intensity equal almost to the pleasures of a lifetime ; and tne fierce shock when, like rparks riven from a flint, my soul would fly into dispersed fragments. Nor was I vet safe ; my next stop might be my last. I had lost all senEO of locality ; Iliad no conception of where I stood, in which direction I ought to retreat. I rank upon one knee, then upon loth ; then I laid mytelf flat on the wet slippery rock, and felt a1 out with my bands for the verge of tbe preoi- pice. xittvuig uuwvcnu it, i oegau lO Crawl I away, not in an opprsito direction— for anght I I knew, this was a projecting bultress, which might be precipitous on both sidoa— but in a direction I almost parallel with tbo cliff and yet a little in- | dining inwards. The rocks were sharp and I slippery, my knees and bonds wero soon cut and I bleeding ; and thus I c awled painfully along till I almost ran my hoad against a rude stone I wall. It was tho wall of a littlo shanty, built be- I twoen two overhanging boulders, which sheltered I it ftom the action of the winds. Once moro I I roje erect, a man ; I had been a poor crawling worm a moment sinco ; that was over now ; here I was life and safety. I CHAPTER V.— WHAT MEANS Tills ENOCKINO ? I Behold me now. seated on a rade bench in the I little shanty. I havo pulled down some boards, I and havo split them with my knifo, and ccru- I menced to makoa fire. I havo matches with mo, h pipo and tobacco. Tbo wood is damp, and smoulders and smokes a good deal, tho fireplace is wot, and tho chimnoy drops moisturo upon the sulky blaze ; but I cut some dty punk from the undor side of a rafter ; and when once I have established a flame, tho fire spreads merrily onongh; only I shall havo to pnll down the shanty to supply it with fuol. Joy of joys, there is a small heap of coal in a corner of tho shanty ! Things now look moro cheoifnl. I have heart now to look about mo, to reconnoitre my position. Outside, tho mists aro still driving rapidly for wards, a march of phantom giants ; thoy pour ceaselessly on ; now r.r.d then there is a break for a moment in their sirriod file, only <how;ng strrngcr and heavier battalions beyond. The twilight, whic'i is fast cloritig in, tinges these shadowy foims with strango weird tint. The wind is rising, and wiirics over head among tire rocky points with ccaselo.8 htm. It will boa wi d eight after a wild day. Haply theso match ing mists may drag er.turglci to tho rooky shore below sorao luckless sliip, for whese coming wiveB and maidens wait. I turned away from tbn gathering riiadow without, and pilid more fuel oa tho firo ; for that waB my ono companion, tho one relief to my utter lonelinc ss ar.d desolation. Hero by this firo I would stay all night, nt.d with tho morning light I would make my way homo again. I would search for treasures no moro. After these won drous phantisoiB of tho mountains, old Worion was but a poor Cack-lano aff iir. after all, " Yes," I Baid a'oud, "you may grub whore you liko, old mole ; I'll trouble myre.f no more about your tapping. it was as if in answer to a challeugo, that, from the bowels of the hill, I hoard distinctly, abovo I tbe hum of tho wind, above tho rattle of tbo tor- I rents now beginning to make their voicps heard I in turbulent baste, above all the Btrange and I eerie sounds of the night, the tinkle of a hammer, Tap-a-tap, tap ! Tap-a-tap, tap ! I CHAPIBR VI.— EKTvMBBD. I Long and intently did I listen to tho Bounds of the mysterious hammer. They ceased for a timo, then resumed. I searched tho hut carefully ; I could diacavor nothing which conid possibly ac count for the noise ; lint I noticed that I heard it more plainly in one corner of tbe but. It had evidently boon a miner's hut this. Fragments of splintered quart z were s'rewn about ; two or three broken crnciblcB were lying on the ground ; and in tho coiner was a round furnace something like a kitchen-copper. In this corner tho sound was tho loudest. The cop per had a wooden lid on it, and when I removed this, the noise was still more plainly io bo heard ; the metal Beemed to vibrato with each strcko of tbe hammer. Tbo iron pan, which bad formed, I 'thought, a sand-bath for some chemical pro cess, was moveable ; and when I l.fted it out, I found that the furnaco underneath was a sham ; the copper was the summit of a deep hole in the earth. The aounds rf the hammer w.ro now clear and distinct ; there was no ground for any illusion about them. I peered down into tho shaft : I everything was in the blackest gloom. Tncn I I took a billet from the fire, and held it as low as I I could reach ; and I saw then that just holow tho surface of tbe ground tlxre was iho bead of a piece of timhor, which was affixed to the side of the I shaft, across which at intervals were nailed slips I of wood — in fact, a workman's ladder. I I cannot tell you tho strange fascination that I tho sound of tbe tapping hammer had for me. I I was very much afraid; I trembled all over: I would have given worlds not to go; but I went. Yes, I climbed into tbe shaft, put my foot upon the tii strung of the ladder, lowere-rid myself care fully down, till I could clasp the beam with my hands ; then, step by step, I descended into tho mountain, tho firelight fadirg abovo roe, but yet showing as a round circlo cf light in the in tense darkness. I bad descended some twenty feet, for I had c uoled twenty rur.gs of the ladder, anl thoy were about a foot apart, when tho wood upon which my weight was resting suddenly gavo way j and although I held with my bands to the rung above my head, jot, with tho sudden weight thrown upon it, tbai also snapped : and after a | momentary struggle, during which I clutched at and broke half-a-dozen rungs consecutively, with a loud scream I fell. Thore was a shock, a light as of a thousand buub in my eyes, and all was over— I was insensible. (To be continued.) should; r, like I.JH nc.ir neck. To bo sold 10th Feb- 1 niarv. It. XV. XX'iuson.' ' " I ItALI.A RAT.— Ch'.-inut filly, star, lump on belly and I olT knee, no brand. Hay horse, C or U near N I with half circle under near thigh. White heifer calf, no brands. Red heifer calf, some whito on billy, no I brands. Strawberry heifer calf, no brands. White bull calf, red sjiots ott head, no brands. Red and white bull calf, no brands. To bo sold 10th February. P. M'Ii.waix. DEKCHWORTH.-Red and white bullock, off car marked, I IK off thigh. Uko IIK over blotch brand off ribs. XVhito horse, CR over 2 near shoulder, shod. To be sold 12th February. J. IVuklax. BEN'AI.LA.— Bay gelding, black >ointa, collar marked, whito spots on hack, 11L off shoulder. To be sold 10th February. O. Lkahy. IJOWSIAN'S FOREST. — Bay mare, X near shoulder, scar near thigh. Hay filly, small star. X near shoulder and thigh. Brown mare, IM over C near shoulder. To be sold 10th February. XV. Lodob. CAMPERDOXX'N.— Chesnut horse, HM conjoined I near shoulder, part of near hind and off hind fetlocks I whito, part of pair hobbles on. Red and white heifer, I liko 3 1' conjoined near rump. Dark-grey filly, DC I near thigh. Chesnut horse, star, saddle marked, like I JI near shoulder. Park-brown filly, star, black points, I Indistinct brand off thigh. To bo sold 19th February. I No. 17 appeared In (iazcttc of Friday, 17th January, I as having like H near thigh, should fiavo been like 4. I A. XVali«s. I CAIU.SI1ROOK. — Bay draught colt, running star, I blaze anil snip, off hind foot and uear hind leg white, I JM near shoulder. To bo sold 19th February. C. H. I Smyth. I CARLBRUHE.— Bay horso.JH conlolnednoar ghoul- I dcr, liko KS or KS uear saddle. To bo sold 19th Fob- I ruaiy. XV. Bates. VAiii Liv i uai iiuiru, ntw nils. i brown or block tnaro, liko JMA conjoined on shoulder. 1 Roan bull, C near ruinp. To bo sold 10th February. II. Davis. I CIIILTERN.— Brown or dark bay horso, off hind heel white, over S over like X'D near shoulder, Uko | Q put on twice near thigh, XV-P or It off shoulder. I Bay maro, XX' I, over flS near shoulder, B off shoulder. I Black horse, grey hairs on ribs and flanks, star, off hind heel white, lib off Bhouldor. Croy colt, switch 1 tail, no visible brand. Bay muro, A near shoulder. I Black horse, star and snip, 0 over XX' near shoulder, 4 I off thigh, I'R off shoulder. Chesnut marc, star, F I near check, S- over illegible near shouldor, J off dhaulder. Brick tilly, no visible brand. Chesnut I maro, off thigh injured, AB over 2 off shoulder, XV over I, near shoulder. Chesnut colt, star, switch tall, B near shoulder. Bay horso, star, NT near shoulder, JF conjoined over IF off shoulder-. To bo sold 19tn February. J. Strickland. CEuNkS.— Bright boy marc, dark points, star and snip, lame in near fore leg, branded FR near shoul der. To lie sold 19th February. J. Pkarcb. CUANBOURnE.— Roan mare, long swiich, collared, UII off shoulder. Chesnut entire colt, JAD conjoined near shoulder. To bo sold 19th February. IIrnkv XVlLSON. DAYLESFORD. — Black more, long tall, IXV near shoulder. To bo sold 19th Fobruary- N. 9. Hailes. DENNINOTON.— Bay maro, star, two hind fetlocks whito, whito spots undor saddle, scar off thigh, FS near shoulder, 9 ncrr rump. Chesnut maro, star and snip, collar markod, DA near 9houlder, To bo sold 19tn February. II. Clifford. ECiruCA.— Bay maro, switch tail, star, over B near shoulder. Bay colt, bang tail, star, no visible brand. To bo sold 19th February. Q. Jamikhon. ES9ENDON.— Red cow, stag bonis, DO off ribs. Strawberry cow, stag hums, liko JQ off rump. White cow, yellow sjHits on head and neck, K in circle, near I rump. Brown maro, TA over RIO, near shoulder. I Klea-hittcn groy flily, like S over TO near shoulder. I To lie sold 19th February. J. Greenwood. I GRASS'S CREEK. — Blue or black anil whito straw berry cow, stag hums, strap round horns, liko TT off ruinj), tho T nearest tail imperfect like T. To bo sold I 10th Febniary. J. Oakes. I HAMILTON.— Bay maro, small star, black points, I long tall, shod on near hind and (ore feet, J XV near I shoulder. To be sold 10th Fehruary. R. Bloomfiklii. HORSHAM. — Bay maro, star, near hind foot white,, I saddle and collar marked, JL over ,-iK near shoulder. To lie sold 19th Febniary. J. Muhskx. I ING1.EXVOOD.— lied ttnd whito licifer, like J over C or G near rump. Chesnut horse, blaze, littlo whito on fore feet, faint circle near shoulder, 182 near ribs, I. off ribs and off shoulder, broken knees. To bo sold I 10th Fehruary. 1. Dawson. I KEILOR.— ISr.iwn or dark chesnut horso, docked. I saddle and collar marked, white hairs in mane and I tail, liku I'G over writing W near shoulder, like HB I conjoined near thigh. To bo sold 19th February. E. Boxpif.ld. I LAND3BOROUG1I.- Bay draught maro, 11 over V I over like CN near shoulder, over J neur thigh, collar marked. Bay filly foal, star on forehead, progeny or above. To lie sold 12th February. Chosnut drought horse, blazo and snip, under Hp white, blotch brand near shoulder, collar marked, white spots and old sores on back. To be sold 19th February. It. Mather. LINTON.— Flcahitten grey mare, shod, liko S over M near shoulder. Chesnut maro, collar marked, small stripe in face, off hind leg white, C near shoulder. Bay maro, halter on neck, small star, near bind foot white, shod, liko Ay near shoulder. Block horse, saddle marked, threo white feet, whito stripe In face, 3D both shoulders. To bo sold 19th February. 9. Matiikwh. MALDON.— ' Yellow cow, bald faco, JB off rump. I lied bull calf, white faco with red spots. XVhito steer, no vlsUilo brands. XVhito heifer, red neck, no visible brands. White and brown spotted heifer, no visible brands. White and rod si Kit tod bull calf, red cars. Btrawlierry hotter, red neck, unintelligible brand on near rump. To bo sold 10th February. J. V. XValbiik. MALMSBURY.— Bay more, star, saddle and collar marked, DC near shoujder. White cow, XVT off rump. Strawberry heifers, XVT off rump. To bo Bold 19th February. M. DoYLK. M'lX'OU .CREEK.— Roau and wbito steer, off ear marked, liko anchor brand near rump. To be sold 10th February. J. Wilson. MIA-MIA.— Bay mare, black points, saddle and I collar markod, scar sff wither, L near shoulder, EM I off shoulder. Bay colt, star hind feet white, little white near fnro foot, JHT conjoined off shoulder. Bluck mare, star, Raddle marked, Uko Indcscribablo faint brand before S near shoulder. Bay nmre, star, I black points, JJH off shoulder (second J to right), JF I over XV near shoulder (JP conjoined), F off rump. Black colt, M reversed near shoulder. Day draught horso, blaze, hind feet white, 2 off shoulder; bay I _ .1 V. 1 .. At m b n t , In /fcl. A . a . \ . _ H . I urauiib iiFiiu, uiuca inuuti. uvcr wuu iuj> IIUUU i liko "C blotched), advertisod In Government Gazctto of I 3rd January, 1S73, will not be sold until 10th February I 1873\. T. XV. Lavender. . I MOORA.— The dark- hay or brown maro advertised I hi Government Gazette, 3rd January, naw shows an 9 insido the horseshoe brand. To be sold 10th Febniary. J. Matiiesox ' i MORTLAKE.— Red and whito steer, both ears I marked, KXV off rump.- It. Nelson. i MOUNT GLA6GOXV. — Red tind whito bull, swallow tail, and notch in off ear, no visible brands. Red and white cow, like IC near nimp. Red and white heifercalf, branded star near rump. .Strawberry cow, GS uear rump. Strawberry yearling stcor, no visible brand. To be sold 10th Febniary. XV. Grove. MOUNT BOUSE. — Bay mare, black points, long tail, 7 over ES mior shoulder. To lie sold 10tli Feb ruary. 1. Greio. ROCHESTER.— Bay mare, long tail, star, saddle marked, HL over blotch off shoulder. To be Held 10th Febnmry. E. Tidv. SANDHURST.— Strawberry cow, A off rump. XVhitc ! cow, GC near side, w off hind quarter. T« bo sold 10th I Kcbmnry. D. Mackkv. BMYTHESfiALE.— Red heifer, EM off loin. Roan heifer, white face, no visible brand. Strawberry calf, no brands. Brown cow, liko Cie off nimp, little white on tiff thigh. Red and white cow, JD conjoined near ribs. Yellow and white cow, indescribable brand off rump, off horn snaiiy XVhitc heifer, red ears, like CK near neck. Yellow steer, little whito on rump, liko DR near neck. S trawl >erry steer, liko CR near neck. Red lielfer, white on face, belly, and legs, no brands. I ltcd steer, white back, strawberry face, JD off rump, I like XVXV near rump, top off off ear. To be sold 19th I February. D. T. 1'f.rrott. I ST. AHNAUD.--Dark bay marc, collar marked, fow I gruv hairs in forehead and snip, near hind coronet I white, IF near hip, like FG conjoined off shouldor. I Bay horse, saddle marked, running star and snip or I slight blaze, liind fetlocks white, lame off fore leg, | IVL over TK over IfC near shoulder. Dark brown or I block horse, whito spots on head, collar and saddle I marked, long switch tail, JB near shoulder. Chesnut I homo, few grey hairs in forehead, small snip, rope I marks on neck, like U in circle near shoulder. To Lo sold 19th February. S. S. Rotiiwell. I STAXVELL. — Dark roan bull, IT off ribs, small size. I Bay horse, like A I off shoulder, 3C near shoulder, near hind coronet white, star, hollow back, and liko I MC off neck (writing M). To be sold 12th February. I T. Davkrn. I TARADALE.— Bay marc, star, 3 near shoulder, 2 I near law, E-1 over ® off shoulder. Bay horse, HI near I Sbeulder. To be sold 12th February. E. O. Kviout. I XVANGARATTA.— Bay horse, soddlo and harness, I whip marked, uear bind foot white, DC Dear shoulder. f iealiliton groy horso, saddle marked, enlarged ..ff foreleg, SB over FF near shmtlder, IB off ski-uid. r. Bay horse, star, sa-ldlo inaritc-I, off iilud foi.i while, 8 both klionldefs. Bay or browii horse, star, J.\v over like 2 near shoulder. Brown horse, running star, near bind foot whito,' saddle marked, O offishoulilir and thigh. To bo' sold )9tK February. IIv. Miller. XVAllRANDYTE.— Bay horse, star, dark point., collar and saddle marked, whito on near hind foot, in describable with S near shouldor. Iron grey horse, J A (writing A) near shoulder. Dark bay or brown horse, star, hind feet white, collar and saddle marked, like — L near shoulder. To be sold 10th Fobrunrv, XX'. llrrciHNSON. YACKANDANDAH. — Bay mare, PK over IIC ovtr liko 2pK near shoulder. Bay filly, stripe and snip, no brands, progeny. Chesnut mare, star, stripe, ami snip, J-M on near shoulder. Bay 'horse, Star, and faint stripe, near hind fetlock Joint hurt, like TB ravr XX'Snenrslioulder, li.ul a fistula. Brown horse, star, shod, bob tail, GN nearshouldor. Grey mare, IIR near shoul der. Fleabitton grey mare, bob tall, w over FS near I shoulder. Black marc, OK over 2 off shoulder (writing I K), near hind fetlock white. Bay-filly, no visible brand-., 1 white spots on back. Bay mare, star, near hind log white, IS er s? near shoulder. To bo sold 12th Fob- I ruary. D. Flynn. I YAMBUK. — Dark chesnut marc, small star, littlo I whito off hind foot, saddle and collar marked, it 1 1 .iff rump, liko JF unsido down shoulder. To he sold IPtli February. J. Maddux. YEA.— Bay horso, branded IT near shoulder, collar I marked, long tail. Ray horso, hliul feet white, blazo I on face, a good deal of white on nose, collar marked, I indistinct brand liko horse shoo near tdiouldcr. Buy I horse, branded G near e-licek, 02 near shoulder, liko collar marked, scar on off back and loin. To be sold | 19tli February. E. Smith. 