T H E CAPTAIN OF THE VULTURE. CHAPTER XV. HILtlCtltf's WBSDIKO. x . , ** TOB jMrilHOU^F, V t ; "Lady Audley't Setoff'] "Aurora Ployd,\ ifc. _ ; , • VERY little breakfast was eaten on the wedding morning- by any one of tbe trio assembled in the cheerful little sitting-room in Soho. The weather had been cold and rainy during the past fortnight; but to-day there was neither rain nor sleet falling from tbe laden sky. There was blackness in tbe air and in the heavens which predicts the coming' of a tremendous fall of snow. Tbe mud of the day 'before hadfrbzen'iri'the gutters,arid'the naveand dry in the bitter merits frosty morning—'so• "Bitter a morning; that Mrs Pecker's nimble^ fingers could scaixelyjadjust tB0 ^f6cale %e"dmnfj-dress,' and "all "the "fjjnynine Jiirbelqw/swiiich .it had. befn ber delight to phepara. ST cheerless, Wiiflk'findbopeless frost—black alike-upon tbe broad moors Bround'-Compton- and in .the fdark London streets, "Where the "breatb ol "half-frozen foot- ? BBsengei« cmd ]iMverihj.lldTies,>ye o, ;peretnal mist. 7 A'dismiil *6d3ing Morning this, for tbe seconcjnuptials of. Squire Markham's daughter. Salljr Pecker was the only member of. the 'little party 'Who took *nny iesiteciut' notice; or ' the Leather. DarreH's cheeks ^16we3 'with ' the cniiison flush of pleasaut excitement, his . ej'ies shpne with the' light, of hope and love; . and if Millicent trembled and grew pale,- she \- knew not whether it was frotnthe h/tter cold without, or that icy shuddering terror, which . filled her heart, and over .which she bad no . control. • ; • • • ,--•• • : . i Thecoach was waiting before tbe doorof the lodging-hoapB, and Mrs .Pecker was put- ; .tihg .th&.lftst finishing touches to die festooned bunches. of .MlMioent's brooadeii gown,- and . the soft folds of-the qailced petticoat beneath, when this feeling broke forth into .'words; and Mre George Dfike, falling tin' Lev knees at ^Durreljls ieet, lifted up her clasped hands and appealed to hiin thus - 0,' Darrell, Darrell, I feel ttb if-t'his was a picked thing that -we are going to do! What • evidenpe have I that George, Duke is-dead ? and wWright have.I to give my hand to you, not knowing .whether it may not still belong to another? Delay this marl-age. Wait, \- wait, and more certain-news may reach us; ' ibr "something tells me that we have no justification for the ,vows we are going to take today." , She -spoke-with eucha eolemn fervour, with Ftich an earnestnegain erery word, with a light; that seemed almost therailiance of inspiration shining in her blue-eyes, that Darrell Markbam would hats been led to listen to her air most as seriously -ae sbe had spoken, but for the interference -of Mrs Sarah Pecker. That -^ggrieved-matronj -however; show£redforth a whole volley of indignant exclamations, such as " Stuff flnd-fiopsense, child J", .find " Who ever heard siicb a hotber-about nothing ?"~.and " I call it a'most ingratitude to me, after my sitting at work at the - wedding dress till my fingers froze upon my-hands," and a. great riejl toiore to the.eame effect 'Andthen havj ing'talked bersilf (breathless, the excited Sarah hustled Slilicont and .'.Darrell down the staircafe, and: into the Coach, before either of them liad time to demonstrate. - -' \- St.Mary^-Gburch inthe Strand—calledat . this^ Jime.tLie^w.-ohurck-in .the. Stjwidolied ' been^ecteif by,BajTell for. the.^gerformance of the Ceremony ;ondon the way thither Mrs t Pecker devoted hferself to iamentatipn^.on the • performance tif-tliis Lori^ori wedding, c 1 " Not so mucb-as a bell ringing," she said, " and if it had been fit^Coinpton, they'd have made the old 'steeple rock' again, to' do tiohor to the squire's, daughter."..,.. • ;It was-i biiefdrive (ram the lodging .near to 3t..!Mary'eicfaurcb in Strand. The broad stone-flags'-befofe tbe the sacred edifice were- slippery with frgzen jslaet^and mnd, :, ai^ Darrell had tb^Bpport his 'f&KV;'. 1M®C tfimig bet, fipm '5»e - coach' to the door.' The church .Was dark in the-wintry morning; ' and Romeo, breaking . into thecomb of the: Gapnlet*, could -scarcely have found himself in a gloomier building ;,-tbap , ,tha} .which Darrell entered with', his shivering; bride. • . .".' <-, Wre-Sarab Peeker lingered - behind to give some di wdon8-to<fie«oapbman j' hiving done which, sue was at out to follow tbe young ^oMe, wjben.^je.w^s violently, iostlpd by. a ^uf ^hW/ Jaiieri with "parcels," wfitf *an against her, and nearly knocked her down. ' Indeed, thejayement fceuig slippery, it is a question whether the dignified liostees of the Illicit Bear would not bare entirely I<Jst her footing, bat for tha friendly interposition of a muscular though-slender arm in a clareteolored Velvet MBt-sl^e.'vhicV'Ws' thrust out to save her. wh^e~a'foppisli voice drawled ^Ycpt^Wft^orter.', y • /i ; P6or Safty gec&r;, Mv^iiwin^eeoIUs'ion, was oncq moce JUce.tff fall fit the sound of this effemiirtte 'v0i(iS^oHt was the very same i c h h a d 6 faonth before in heij which haS'r§Avdl'hbj ftom falling was that of him hadjshemot heatd hisr*6it^>*4br he was wrapped in great woollen mufflers, which half buriedtbe4owefj>ari of h'is fa^' 5 ahd; instead of-the floi^ipg flaxen usuallf afl&teH;, he wort'tb-tiay i brown^George/ wbich was : means ^Ortecomips. Bnt^under bis ^iH'.lW^r ^V^i^^qiuiyfoldii ; pf b^Sj woollen inuffles, fihone the restless black «ey«s whicb, <onc6>seen, werii not easily ^ to b forgotten. ' WordtoWl"'' erclaimed Mrs. Pecker,. dasging .her jbroad Jiap^s pbout; the' young mM s 8 Wm^nd staring^at him asjpne eghait. " "" ~ ! to; be ready with my~Bafiie" he said. Jpoking; ronnd-tfe ^cfotiHyWfe^^. Why? wwt^s the wominr" lie cried preseqtlyj as Sarah "iaU "itood' statfpg &t;"her deliverer's ing expre^iop with,,)phi(!fcrfhB had feganfliid Jum«o'faisivi#it{p ComptonT jr.^^jt^^A. „ beaaj^f" Md i lhBvi<la&K; cueto^et iipo^ow worthy ate sueb a glorious Christmas dinner. Now, what in the name of all that'6 wonderful has brought you to Londpn, ma'am,. .. A wedding; your honor." ' • ~ '! ."A -wadding!—your own; iof course 1 Then I'jn iust ip time to sajute the \>ride. M f"Tbe bedding-of Mrs George Duke with her^rst .obtisin, Mr Darrell Markham." Mre GaoVge Dulje, the'widow, whose husband is away at sea ?" " The 6ame, sir." 1 Captain Fanny pursed up bis lips and gave a low but prolonged whistle. " So, so, Mrs Pecker, that is the business which'has brought you all the way from Cumberland to the Strand. A strange business, Mrs Pecker, ^a very strange business—but no affair ol mine, as you'K say, perhaps- Pray present my hest compliments to the bride and bridegroom, and good-day to you." He bowed gallantly to tbe innkeeper's wife end liurried pff. ... . . Sarah Pecker stood loosing after him with an eager yearning gaze; but his slender figure was soon lost amidst the crowd of pedestrians. _ — - A shivering parson in a tumbled surplice read the tqarriagegservice,- (-and 4> grim beadle gav£^Ii))ieeot- to'*< this man, 9 ' in consideration of a crown-pigce which Darrell gave him for bis trouble. - Tlie tremWing* girl could not iat^to'ce; beliind her as the clergvm'jn read "the phelitolnaryipasaage which called' on any jbiib knowing any- just cause or impediment why "ihese two pereons should'jnot be joined together, to come forward snd declare the She looked-hack -with a foolish fear that she night see George Duke advance with bis band raised to arrest the ceremonyi One of tbe ponderous doore of the church was ajar, and a biting frozen wind hlew in from the open street ; but . there was no Captain George. Dulce lurking in the shadow of the doorway,, or hiding behind a pillar, ready to come forth and protest against the marriage. Had the -Captaita of the Vulture been in waiting for this purpose, he must have lost no time in ca'rrying it into fefiect; for the shivering parson gave brief, opportunity, for interference, and rattled through jibe solemn service at such a rate that Darrell and Millicent were man and wife_before Mrs Pecker had recovered from the tiirprise.-otber u'nespectel encounter witli Captain;Fnhtiy. ; i. ,Jj The snow was falling in real earnest wheB Millicent, Dairell,.'an'd Sarah took their seats that night in thecomfortable interior of the York mail, and the chilly winter dawn broke .i>ext morning' apDD whitened fields and hedges, and far-off distances and hi|l-tops that shone out white against the blackness of the sky... All the aif seemed thick with snowflakes throughout that long homeward iourney; but Darrell and Millicent might have been travelling through an atmosphere of melted sapphires and under a cloudless Italian beaven for abgbt they knew to the contrary ; for the sometime wife and'widow of George Duke had forgotten all old sorrows in the absorbing thought, that sbe and Darrell were to go henceforth and for ever side by 6ide in life's journey. This being so, it mattered little whether they went north ward through tbe bleak January weather, or travelled some fPSf bestrewn path under the impossible azure of sthe brightest skies-that were ever painted on 1 * fire-screen or a tea- board.' ' 8o. Millicent.abandoned herself to the deliglil of Darrelt's presence, and had wellrnigh forgotten that she had ever lived away from him. Sbe was with- him, sheltered and protected by his love, and all tbe vague doubts and tgjtprs of the wedding mo»ning bad vanished' oUt of her mind. It seemed as. if she bad left her fears. in the stony London Church; {rpmf.'tebicb she had emerged ns Darrell Marliham's wife. She had felt a sliadfitfy apprtjinsion of ! some shapeless trouule hovermg 'tiear at hand, fiomfe unknown •eorroir readv to fall upon her and crush her ; but.-she this 'apprehension : no' longer. Nothing had occurred to" interrupt the juarriage. ' )t-seemed to berj therefore, if the •marriage,- b'eiiig,'permitted b^' Providence, mtist'needs be happy. ',' .. .. i The travellers reached York on the third day from that of tbe wedding; and here it was -decided; that tbey should finish the a postchaise, instead of waiting far the lumbering .branch: coach that travelled between York and Comp'on -It was twiligbt when the four horses of the last Telay swept- across tbe white moorland an'i dasiied into (be narrow Compton High Street.-Past tbe forge and tbe little cottage Millicent bad Jived- in so long—past tbe village shop, the one great emporium wbefe all •the'retpiii- einebtt of Compton 'civilization were to ;ua purchased—past groups of idle cbil(ken, ,whp iwjiooped and* hallooed at the postchaise for no special- reason, but from a -vague-conviction-tbat any persons travelling in such a .re"bitdfe,«U8v £e &efeBsarily; magnates of tbe land, and 4>ent upon spme.errand i>f-festivity and'rejoicing--fmst every 1 familter oliject in Ae old -pHce, <intil the Worses dr^w up,.,with a suddpineEa that sent the lumbering chaise' rocking from side to side, before the "Hoor of the Black Bear, and under tbe windows of thnt^erv robm in which Darrell Sfarkham badlainso long aweary invalid, pining for one glance of the beloved eyes, one tender touch from 4he beloved band. The reason aif lthis -arrangement was that Mrs Pecker, knowing the scanty accommodation rtoriie obtmned at -Compton > Hall,, had seift 'Cn'an express'from Tork io bid Samuel prepare : tbe best' dirinfer that' had 'ever been eaten ;Wjith|"n the wells,of the Black Dear, to do hoDoiir to Mr and Mrp Darrell Markham. Jn ber eagerneBs to ascertain if tbis me^eagH bad been-duly acted upon,-Sarah was the first to spring from the --postchaise, leaving Darrell and Milliceatjtoadigbt-Bt rbeiHeidlife;" J Sbe found Samuel upon the door-step.; .not e the ieas'y 'sftIf-a6sui'oJ> i b'risk- and" cbWri'ul' Samuel of -late yenH, but the pfile-faced va^llsSngfeeVe^mlniit^ 'being of jfhe old (jtspen-; g j j f j ^ i « o iookedjat' Sii ^nperotis fetter-half with ^deprecating: eJanpeVwliipb seemiBd tb.sBy," fi Jftpn't be wo-' en% Sarah.it is ,npt my, fault.", i :;But SIw Pieck^r. pas in too great,n.hurry ito iwitice these .changes. She dashed past her /husband into'tbe Spacious-ball/ and glanced ^obr,wliicjj wasi'to Vseen ihe «ak I ^aiJor,,.w|iere, Vn a sno wy table-cloth, glittered the well- polisbed plate of the-Peoker family; under the light ol half-a-dozen wax pandles, " Dfl^fS nmiM^ti tniirf'iRo™fc ; * h: 1iV -jrej>ii(ft, *wAifiSl dole • > i«ggff tha onavwe fit/ {JhrisUDflS.jiirfrloiq/.va ^ parr >«f capons, boiled ;--e f>lom'pudding,' Snda'-disli ot tinnstmas Christmas pie u'es. I"" «fi2y ; enjfijf-tt' !"^aUed'si.r that was positively fnnereal. -"Mrs Sarah- PeckeY TWrned sbarply 'rouna iiwtliniStoij.aBa WiiM lion S of her old glance of contempt at his pale scared "Enjoy it!" she said; "I should think they-would enjoy it, indeed, after tbe cold journey thev|ve had since breakfaBt-timejthie morning. Why, Samuel Peoker," abe added, looking at lier dismal spouse more earnestly* than.before, " what on earth is the matter with you ? When I wantyou to be most brisk^bd cheerful. and' to have everything bright-and jo^fiil eboUt : the place to do honour to jliss -Milly- ap_d her loving husband,' my own linrid- «oine.Mi)Btor..Darr»'!!, here you are quaking and quavering, and seemingly took witli one i of your old fits of the doldrums. What's the matter with you, man ? and why don't you' go out and-.bring-Mrs Markham and her husband in, and offer your congratulations ?" Samuel shook his bead mournfully* 1 V' Wait a bit, Sarah," he said,. in a voice scarcely above a whisper, " wait a bit! It will all .coma in-good .time, -and-I - dare -say-it's -all for tbe best; but I was took aback at first by. it, and it threw me a little: backward 'witli tbe cooking, for it seemed as if neither me nor j Betty-eould put any heart'into thetoistftfgorj the gravies afterwards. It seemed bard, you : know, Sai , ab, *when it liret came upbn'me all j ot a,8(iddei); and rthe more.I think of it the harder it seems." | " What seems hard ?—What !>bat!" cried ' Sarah, some indistinct terror chilling her very j blood; what is it, Samuel ?"—ha W joulost | yeu'r speech?"*•'•'''_ "" It eeetped inileed for a moment as if Mr Pecker bfid been suddenly deprived of the use of .that faculty. He shook his head from side to .side, swallowed and jgasped'alternately, and then grasping Sarah by the arm, pointed with j bis disengaged Jiaod to another half-open door I exactly opposite to that of the room in which the dinner^table was. laid. "Look there!" he ejaculated in a hoarse whisker, close to Sarah's ear. ' Following "the direction of Samuel's extended band, Mrs Pecker looked info a room which was generally "devoted to tbe ordinary- customers at the- Bear, bat :wbich on this winter's evening had but one occupaqt. . • Tbis-sdlitaryindividual Was a man wearing a dark-blue travel- jtained' fcoat, ..'jack-boots, and loose brown curling, hair tied with ribbon: '- His'back was turned to Sarah and ' ber husband, and be was bending over tbe j sea-coal fire with/his elbows on bis knees and j his chin resting in his hpnds. While Mrs I Sarah Pecker stood as if transfixed, staring \ silently at this traveller, Darrell followed i Millicent into the hall, and thence into the oak I parlour closiqg the door behind bim. " 0, Samuel, Samuel! bow shall I ever tell herf'-i exclaimed Mrs Pecker. She turned towards -the oak parlour, as it sbe would have gone straight to Millicent; but Samuel caught'her by the arm. Let 'em have .their dinner first, Sarah," he said pleadingly.. - "It'll seem hard enough whenever it conies; but it might seem harder if it came upon an empty stouiucli. chapter Xvr. THE THIRD APPEARANCE OF THE CAPTAIN'S While the wedding-dinner was being eaten in the oaken parlour, Mrs Sarah Pecker and -ber bushand'wft^looking at each other with pale anxious faces within the sacred precincts of tbe bar. ', In vain had Millicent and Darrell implored their old aud faithful.iriend to sit down and partake of the good cheer which bad been -prepared at her expense. "No, Miss MiHy dear," she sairj, it isn't for me to sit at the same table with Srpiiip Markliam's daughter and- nand—her—cousin. 1 n trouble and sorrow, dear—jind surely trouble and sorrow seem to be the lot of all of us—I'll be true to you to the eud of life; and if I -could asave yourgguung life from one grief, dear, •ISfliinlf'rff'tbrow away my own to do i t " - . She tSbk'SIillic<)nt in her stout arms as she •spoke, and covered the fair head with pussionate tears and kisses.' •> - O, ; Miss Milly,- Miss MiHv," ehe cried, " it «eeitis as if I was strong' enough to save you 'from anything; but I'm not, my dear—I'm not!" ' "• It was Millicent'stiirn to"chide arid comfort the stout-hearted Sarah. Bhfe had completely forgotten all tier own doubts and fears, and was so happy in this return to Compton with the devoted lover of ber youtb, the fond protector of her cbi'dhood. The past, with njl its sorrow, seemed to have faded from her like a'forgotten dream, and the fuir horizon of the future shone upon her bright and cloudless as -a summer tnotning.-She looked -at Sarah "With wondering eye?;; ja&OQisbedj; at the honest creature's unwonted-emotion. • ;.«f;Wl»y, (Sally, dear," she kaid,i."you 6'eem quite out of spirits this evening."- ' . ' ' ;; . '' I am a little worn and harassed, Miss Milly; but never you mind that—never yon think of me, dear; 'only rem&ihl;'er tliat if I could save you from grief and trouble, I'd give 1 my lite to do it." - • -. ii-. Mrs Pecker hurried from the. room before Millicent could question her further; but ber omtb'ous words had left a vague sensiB of appiebension in the.breast pf Darrellls loving wif-. The bright look of perfect h'apnmess bad faded frdm "heSr face -when she seated berself oppofeite her husband at the table which Samuel bad caused. to be loaded with-jsnch substantial fare as might have served to regale a party of stalwart farmers at an audit dinner. _ " The traveller sitting over the fire ip the <Bommon - parlor was still alone. Be ;bad been served with a rum-punch ; but " Mr Samuel Pecker had not waited upon him in jpenop. .:;.'.".' . '*,S. r ou haven't spoke to him, then, Samuel 1 ? asked Mrs Pecker. ..;.••' " JS'o, Sarah, no; nor he to me. I saw him a-epmin' in at the door like a evil spirit, as-I've half a mind he is -r but ! • hadn't the couragfe to face him, so I crept into tbe passage quietly and listened agep the iiooV,- while he Jvas askin* all sorts of questions about Odmpton Hall. iind poor. MiBS "Milly, 'and onp. thing end another. And at first I waB in lippes it was jny brain as was unsettled, and that it tyas me era was in a dresm^ikA,-. and: not hid) as was come back; and then he.ordered.« bowl of rum-punch, and I knew it was him, for.yon know, Sarab,; ryinrpunch was nlwAyfe his'liquor. " t V . JfJlow long was it before we got home, Sfttpuel f"- en. 1 • . • r •• • . .' ' '• r When he came V - "J£es." _ — t i J H M f e i ^^•'•••.l - .*: Ofl'J, an .Jflpu^froply; pn (boor;V. igroan'ed Sarah-: -ifit had-pleaBedProvidenc« to take Jiie life before, that, ftvbat piappy.relBaBa /or thetb tWo poor' innocent ^sreaturjes in/ yonder room 1" ' '' -"" At, what a rejeasp indeed !" echoed amriiA.'' filtiii' «ith'-ti|i f&ik; to Me door; if somebody oould go behind him sudden with a kitoben.poker," added the innkeeper, looking thoughtfully at Sarah's stout arm; " but then," he continued, refleotively " there would be the body; and that .would be against it. If you come to think of it, the leading inoonvenience ot a murder is that there is generally a body* But f suppose. it's only right it should be . so, for it it wasn't for bodies, murders would be most unoommon lea'Sy." -- ; '•'• • : Sarah did not appear particularly struck bj tho brilliancy.of her husband's discourse; she sat In lldr own particular arin-cliair belore the old-fusliioned fireplace, with ber bands clasped \ipon her knees, rocking to and fro, and repeating.-tnournfuHy, \- - '• • "0, if it bad but pleased Providence to take him before that hour!—if it had but pleased Providence!" She remembered afterwards that as she said these words'there" was a feeling in her' heart tantamount to an articulate prayer tlmt some species of sudden death might overtake tbe traveller in the common parlor... Neither SariiB'nor lwr husband waited upon the newly mav.iied.pjiir. The chambermaid took in -the' dishes; and brought tbem out again almost untouched*" Mr and'MVs -Pecker sat in the bar, and the few customers. who caine to the .Black Bear that night Were sent into a ljttj£ iitting-rooii next to the oak parlor, aud on the opposite side of the ball to that chamber.in which the solitary stranger drank his rnra-puncli. It was striking eight by Compton church, ,and by tbe.celebrated eight-day oaken elbok that had belonged to Samuel.Peckpr'e .ipotber, when this traveller came out! of the common parlour, and after paying his score and wrapping a thick oasljineie shawl' about'his neck, Strode out. into the snowy night. He paid his score to the girl who had taken him in the punch, ami he did not approach the bar,._in the inner most ^'epesaes .of. whjch .garah. Peoker -sat. witli her knitting-needles lying idle in her lap. and her husband staring hopelessly at her from the other side of the fireplace, i: " lie's gopo to the Hall, Samuel,." said ,Mj» Pecker, as the inn-door closed with a sonorous bang, abd shut' the traveller ' out into' tbe night. " Who's to tell' her, pi or dear? who's to tell ber ?" - Samuel shook his head vaguely. ' " ffow pleasant it would be if he could lose. himself in the snow any way between tb>s and 1 Cpmpto/i Hall!" he said thoughtfully. "I've read somewheres in a book of somewheres'in foreign parts, whpre there's travellers and dogs, land where they're always -a-doiu' it, ouly tbe dogs save 'em; besides which ihexe was the old woman, that Jeft .Wjnstell market late on a Christmas n.igbt, that year as we had' so many snowstorms, and was never -heard of again." Mrs Pecker' not appearing to take any special comfort from these rather obscure remarks, Samuel telupsed in melancholy silence. Sarah 6at in her old position, rocking herself to and fro, ouly murmuring now and then,— " Who's to tell her ? Poor innocent child ? she was against marrying Mnster Darrell from the first to the last; aud it was me that helped to drive her to it." Half an hour after tbe departure of the traveller, DurreH'Markbam"-opened the door of the oak parlour, and. Milliccut came out into the ball equipped for walking. Her new husband's loving hands bad adjusted the wiappers that were to protect lier from the piercing cold; ber husband's strong arm wiis to -support ber in tbe homeward walk, and guide ber footsteps through tbe snow; To walk home "through the winter niglit with him was better than to ride in the grandest-carriage that ever 'was -built for a queen. No more loneliness—vo more patient endurance of a dull and joyless life. • A happy, future stretched before ber, as fair to look upon as a long flower-begemmed vista in the; wood the bad-played in when 6he was-a child. . Sarah took up ber knitting-needles, and made a show of being busy, as Millicent and Darrell came out into tbe ball,'but she was not to escape so easily. "Sally dear, you'll bid me good- night, won't you ?" Millicent said -tenderly. Mrs Pecker came out of her retreat in the bar, and -once more took her old moster'si daughter in her arms. " "O, Miss Milly, Miss Slilly," she cried, " I'm a little dull and a little cast down like to-night, and I'm all of a tremble, dear. I haven't strength to^talk to you: only remember in any' trouble, my darling, always remember Jo send for Sally Pecker, and she'll stand by you to tbe last." ' • "Sally, Sally, what is it ?'' asked Millicent tenderly; 'f I know something is wrong. Is it anything that has happened to you, " Ko, no, no, dear." • • • . - ' "Mr to anyone conneoted with yon ? " Ko, no." "•Then what iBit.Sally. ?" " 0,' don*t ask" me; don'tt for pity's, sake, ask mo, -UUs ' Mflli«nt v ; Wd,' Without another word, Sarah,-Peoker-broke from the embrace of the sof't_ Brms which were locked lovingly about her. neck, .and ean baok into thk hai for shelter. .... r , • " I couldn't tfell her, Samuel," ehe whispered in her husband's ear—f'X cuujtin't tell her though I trred. The words.?was on my lips, but something rose in my throat and choked all the voice I bad'to 'siy ''em with. • Now; look you here, Samuel, arid mind you dp what I' tell you faithful, without making any stupid mistakes." ...... . " I will, Sarah; .I'll do.it faithful, if it's to walk through fire and water; though that ain't/likely,- fire and water not often coming together, es I can see''.., , . ; • - • " You'll -get tbn lantern, Samuel," and ydu'Il wait and see w^at:happe'ns,'«hd bring me bade word, epp<;cially-rrTT:7 , " ''Especially; what, Sarah f" '. . ".Jfthey Sod/iim tLere" "I'll'do it faithful, Sarab.! I often bring you the wrong groceries-from market, and I KhoWl'm fying ui the mildest teaipef 5 Utit I'll do tbis faithful, for my heart's in it." * ^-So Millice|i|; ajitl Darrell' went'biit into "tbe J sn'ojvjr^night, as the traveller had ^rie balor'e Wfpjiii.-.•;..!« i. i . •'. i- Samuel Pecker attended with tbe'tontero, Bjways.dejctei'ously .contriving tothrow,apatoh 6f Jijf|it Mactly on that one spot in jtbe roa^ '} ^f 'ffl^1 jjnlikejy for J)ar»ll g^d Millibeni it "tread. A. verjr trill-o'-tbf<;j^p waB tbe light from Satnaells Jftnterfii^now. iiI anesid, no<k ahobting off to the atm,, darting suddenly to tbe extreme right, but never shedding one ray upon the way that, be and bis companions had ito go- :.-Kip. feathery snow-flakes drifting jon'thp moorsflb\it tnri, jhe winter sky till all tori atmosphere ^aemed blrad and thick with woolly cloud. Tne snow lay deep on every object in the landscape—house-, top and window-ledge," chimney and -potcli, hedge and ditch, tree and gate-post, village 'street and country road, all melted and blotted myay in one mass of unsullied whiteness; so that each familiar spot seemed changed, and a new' world just sprung out of chaos could hardly have bemi more strange to the inhabitants ot the old one. Compton Hall was situated about half a mile from the village street, Bndlay back from tbe high road, with a waste • of neglected shrubbery and garden before it. Tbe winding carriage-way, leading Irom tbe great wooden ,eqtr.aqpt).-gates jto theiiouse, was -half -choked by the straggling and unshorn branches of tbe shrubs that grew on either side of it. There were few carriage folks about Compton-on-tbefiloor, and.the .road -had- -been -little-used-save by foot passengers. At the gate Parrell Markham stopped, pnd took thbiantern .from Mr'Booker's land. " The path is YsUle^ troublesome here," he said; " perhaps I'd better light -the way, myself, Samuel." .'. ' •',' •• ."• '.,':• ; It was thus that the light of the laDtern being cast .upon the .pathway «traight before them, Millioent happened to perceive footstejis upon the sriotf. ,.- Tliebe footsteps were thosp of , a man,, arid led from the gates towards the house - the feet could but just'hare trodden the path,'-for the falling snow was fast filling in the traces of therii. She happened to look at Samuel Pecker as she spoke. -The innkeeper stood stnVing helplessly at her,^ bis.teeth audibly chattering in the quiet night, > - •' -•-"•- Darrell Markham Jaughed at his wife's alarm. " Why,.Milly;"'' lie-swd, " the' poor little hand resting on-my arm. trembles as if you were looking' at the footmarks of a ghost— 4houg% I suppose, by, the bye^ that .'ghostly feet.scarce leave any. impression behind them. Come, Milly. come, I sec the light or a fire in your father's favorite parlour. . Come, dearest, ibis cold night is chilling you to the heart.",.. Something bad .indeed chilled her to .the hpact.-but it yv.as no external icfluenoe of tha Jatfuary weather. Some jridefinable instinctive terror bad taken possession oflier on seeing those footmarks in the snow... Darrell led ber to tbe house. - A-terrafee built of honest red brick, and surmounted by grim stone vases of hideous shape, ran along tbe facade of- tbe mansion in front of tbe windows on the ground floor. Darrell and Millicent ascended some side steps leading to this terrace followed by -Mr Pecker. To reach tbe front door they had to pass sever il window-! amongst others that window from which tbe fire-light shone. Passing this it was but natural they should look for a moment at the chamber within. ' The light from a newly kindled fire was flickering u;)on the sombre oaken panelling; and close beside tbe hearth, with bis back to tbe window, sat the same traveller whoui Samuel Pecker, had last seen beneath bis own mL The uncertain flame of the fire, shooting up for a moment in a vivid blaze, only to >iik back and leave all in shadow, revealed nothing but the mire outline of this man's figure, and revealed even that but dimly, yet ut the'v«ry fir t glance through lb« 'uncurtained wi ><lo v Millicent Duke ut'ered a great cty, nml falling on ber kness in the snow, sobbed aloud,— " My buelnn 1! My busbandj returne I alive to make me thu guiltiest and rnosi miserable of women !" ^ She grovelled on the snowy ground, biding her fitce in heir hands and wailing most piteouslv. - Diriell lif ed her in his arms end carried her into the house. Tbe traveller liad beard tbe cry, and stood upon the hearth, with bis back to the fire; facing the Open door; and the traveller-was in sorry trutl the Captain'of the Vulture—that person of all others upon earth whose presence was. jnost terrible to Darrell and Millicent. In tbe dusky.shadow of that fire-lit room there-was little change to be seen in the face or person of George Duke. The same curl6 of reddish auburn fell about bis shoulders, escaped from the careless ribbon that had knotted them behind; tbe same steady light hrirned in the hazel-brown eyes, and menaced mischief as of old. Seen by this half-light, seven years seemed to have made no change whatever in the Captain of tbe -Vulture. ." What'si this,, what's fhe.rmeamtig of M tliis ?" he exclaimed, as--Darrell Markham carried; Lis helplesB fjiirden.intd the oak paHo'r. ff What does-it, mean ?'.' . >..•,:.-• : Darrell laid his cousin-on a couoh beside the bpartfc on which the Captain stood, before he'answered .tbis.question,: -.: .- , „ " Jt means this, George Duke," he said at last; "it means, that -if you' were pitifulin yourl.fv youahould be pitiful to this poor girl to-nigut." i r r t •:-, The Captain of the-Vulture laughed aloud. " pitSful,','- he cried; " I never yet beard -tlj'ia) a .woman -seeded -any great pity on having hfer husband restored to her after upward^ of seve^ years'Separation." • •'• Darrell looked at him half -contemptuously, " Can jou guess nothing ?" he said, "No.'' . - - . .•- -, - , •., • .- ; "Can.you imagine no fatal result ot your long, absence Irom this place; many"people— every one—thinking vou dead ?" ' " No." _ • • " Cari ybu think of nothing likely to have happened—remembering, bb you tou'st, that this.poorlgirl married you in obediehod to hef father's commands, '-and 'against > her own wishes ?" •-•-V Ko." *,•.: -' . • • '' ••:: 1 ;'<'.Oan you puass nothing?" • —, ', '" How 1 ifTid'ori't choose: to guess,'-''Master! Darrill ,Markhani 1"Howjif I say ibatiwhaU, ever you want me to know you must speak : out word for word,- bowfiver m'uoh cause vou and tny.lady tbere may^liavfl ' tb 1 be -asbameij. to tell it. ' I'JI help yoii by rio guesses,' I can tellyou.- 8neakoutI-ivbatisitf" He.stirred. the fire with the toe of (hie/ boot; striking, the^coalsinto a blaee,. Jq order tbat the light might shine-upon his rival's face;' and that -whatever trouble or humiliation Darrell Markhan?: might have to undergo ""ight Ppt helpst tOhifli. ;: •' j <',: - • • - 1 f.Mini}s'it t'lJie ^psated 't*ngeirl, J l : jfltbis, George Dukfe:—bat before I speak another ^ord, remember that whktevef has'bSen done- tvai dbiie' in ittpbosition to— I c your-wife."— [ i P»n.>.tie; Buffered i^icaUlOirXttif J 16 . lo'mby this name. Was AoVlosttob Captain Duke, Darrell ooold sae bis^tigaith'' M reflocted in the ma\ioiouB gpotWp of thoae cruel brown eyesJjBtid nSr#fed himself against affordibg appthe^trlumph to his nval. V ' * • ,f Ifettemlwr," he said, " wrought all, that Mb 0 is ibrnmeleiB." |M; ' i " Sjyi^osS jreje4|4/ heebnd ierlJlainelessness oflt fefaiB-qoeslion,-and drbjp -Mr Markham," answered the Capta'ib, " uatil you've told me what has been done." " Millicent Duke, being persuaded by her brother in a letter written on his dying bed, being further persuaded by every creature in this place, all believing you to be dead, being persuaded by her old nurse and by me, who used every prayer I knew to win her consent, against her own wish and in opposition to ber own better judgment, was married to me three days ago in London." " O, that's what you wanted me to guess, is it ?'' exclaimed the Captain; " by heaven above me, I thought ns much ! JVow yoii'come here and listen to me,, Mistress- Millicent Markham,. Mrs George -Duke, Mrs Darrell Markham, or whatever you may please to fall yourself."' Cotfle liere," fsay." Sbe had been lying on j&e.; sofa, never blest by' one m'oiiifirit's b'ncoriScioiisriess, but acutely sensible of jeyerj. word, that, had bteari said. Her husband caught hold of her wrist with a rough jerjt, aud Jjfted.her from the sofa.... •'•' "Listen to we',' will yon," he said ''my very dutiful.apd blameless wife; >1 am going to ask you a few questions. Do you hear?" ; Yes."n .'••• ..'•••• " • ! ' • • • She neither addressed him by his name nor looked -at him as be spoke; Gentle as sho wuB, tender and joving as ahe wa? t^>.eter; animate thiug, she made no sbow qf gentleness to him, nor any effort to conceal her 'shuddering abhorrence. of him., • "When your brother died he left you this property, did he not ?" "He did.". ; " . .,; .." And be. left nothing to your cousin, Mr Darrell,'yonder?" " Nothing—biit his dear love," . .'! Never, mind, .his tfebr /love;He didn't leave an acre of land or a goljicnguipoa, eh ?" " He'dlil not." "Good! Now, as I "don't choose to hold any co'mnnifiicaticmB with ia gentleman who persuades another.man's wife.to piarry himin her hfofeb'andV&ljsfcace;, against'her own wish, and in opposition to. her -better'judgment, I use his own words,-mark.you—you will be so good as to tell your, fine cousin, Mr .Darrell Markham, this : Tell bim that, as your liusba'rid, I claim a share in your fortune, whatever it may be; and that.asto this little matter of mijrriage, in which you have been so blameless, 1 shall know bow 16 settle accounts with yon upon that jioint, - without any interference from him. Tell him this, and tellhim also that the sooner be takes himself out of this bouse the pleasanter it will be for all parties." Millicent stood with her hands clasped rightly together, and-her -fixed eyes staring into vacancy, while he spoke, aud it Beemed as if she neither heard nor cotnjfrehended him. When he had done speaking, she turned round,' and, looking bim full ip the face, cried out, " George 'Duke, did you stay away these seven years on purpose t" destroy me, body and foul ?", " 1 stayed away seven years, because ten months after 1 sailed from Marley Water I was cast away upon a desert island in the Pacific," he answered doggedly. " Captain Duke," said Darrell, " since my presence here can only cause pain to your unhappy wile, I leave this bouse. 1 shallCBI upon you to-morrow to account for your words; but in the mean time, remember that I am yonder poor girl's sole surviving kinsman, arid, by the heaven above me, if you hurt but abuirofber head, you bad better have left your bones to rot on one ot the islands of the Pacific, than iiave come back here to .account to Darrell Hi ark bain!" " I'm not afraid of you, Mr Markham. I know how,to treat that innocent lady there, 'without taking a -leison from you or any one else. Good night to you.", I . He nod Jed "with an insolent gesture in the direction of tbe door. "To-morrow," said Darrell. •• ' " To-morrow, at your service," answered the Captain. " Stop!" cried Mil(icent,: as her cousin was leaving the room; "toy"huShand took an earring from me jrbeu:. we parted at Marley, and bad. me.psk him lor it on-his .return. Have'yoU 'that trinket ?" she 'asted the She looked him in tbe face 'with an Earnest, half-terrified : gaze, . She remembered' tbe double, of George Duke, seen by her upon Marley pier, in the winter moonlight/ • '»The sailor topk a small canvass jiag from his waistcoat pocket*, The bag contained a few pieces of gold and silver money,- and tbe diamond earring- which Millicent hai given George Duke on the night of their parting. V Wall jtyat satisfy you, pay lady r he asked "Yes," she answered,-with a long heavy sigh; and then gdirig -straight to her -cousin, ' she put her two icy hands into his, and addressed hfm thus'{. - . . - .a \- -"-Jarewe)lr-Darrell -ilarkham, ---we -must never, never aeep-:agajp. HeavenJ^rgtre us both for our siri; tor Heaven" knows we are innocent of evil iivtint. • 1 will bbey 'this nian in all reaBbnable, things, ®tl|l will sTia» Vnj fortune witlmimBna do my duty'to him'eo'my dying d»y ; iiftt :Iamn^e»eri ^ain bli to him as. I yas pefore be left ser^n yeard ago;! can nevef be'bis wife ag^in. Good night,," She put ber cousin from her with a tolemn gesture, which, • with thb simple -words that she had spoken, seemed to'him like a dissolution of tlibir.'irihrrlage.i / i. We took her in his arms, and pressed his lips withadesnairing fondness to hertorehaad: Andhe then led her jiapk to George Duke, and said— ' ' "" ..^JJe merciful to h^r, fs jpn iopeifojriJpd's mercy." ' '<_-.. In the hall without" Darrell found Mr Samupl - Pecker, ^who; ^Bd been -branching against the-bWf-6peri ; door, 4i<terimg > to'the ^ReffJfr.urqv.'. ^ ^ s , V\Tj. \ i . .-.'..ft. vff-^mg^ug, ibjth*,jiMtim iol Sa'rati,,'. ,he,,«aid)l,apologetic»lly^. as- Darrell' M^rkbamDmergod from' thS'parlor etad turprised 'tbe deliriSi'iiiti - i! T'Wwijtb' be sure rind' 1 pMl 1 wSr ^{jtliigit'it' i audi pity that when Providenoe casts folks on desertitlands, ,it. <dorit> leave 1 tbem 'there;snug imd^ comfortable,, and 'tio irirorifrapience to them-'• '•'"•t*"''., Upon this paptioular night .Mr. Pacter w«t iloomsd to -me«t with inattentive •bearers. Darrell i-Markham strode pastbltn op tb UiB 1 teira'o^ tijd from the te'rijaee W, ihe patbinr, toWteg Itb thehigh roaid, ; without Mmmuk lire voiiflg man walked jo tost that Samual som'eiliffiouK| in tfdtdn^aftei'iiim. ^ 