THE NEW MAGDALEN. j .' '- :. " ' BY WILKIK COLLINS. I " " ? CHAJPTKB XIII.-ENTEB JOXIAN. A week. baa passed. Tho sceno opeas again in tho dicing room at Mablethorpo Honso. * The hospitable table bears onco morn its burden of good things for lunch. But, on this occasion, Lady, Janet sits alone. Her attention is divided between reading the newspaper and feeding her cat. The cat is a sleek and splendid creature He carries an erect tail. He rolls luxuriously on tho soft carpet. He approaches his mistress in a scries of coquettish curves. ¿Io smells with dainty hesitation at the choicost morsels that can be offered to him. Tho musical monotony of his pur- ring falls soothingly on her ladyship's ear. She stops iu the middle of a leading article and looks with n care- worn faco at tho happy cat. Upon my honour," cries .Lady Janet, thinking, in her inveterately ironical man- ner, of th« cares that trouble her, "all things considered, Tom, I wish I was You !" The cat starts-not nt his mistress's complimentary apostrophe, but >at a knock at tho door which follows close upon it. Lady Janet says, carelessly enough "come in ;" looks round listlessly to seo who it is ; and starts, like tho cat, when tho door opens and discloses Julian Gray ! " You-or your ghost P" sho exclaims. _ * She has noticed already that Julian "'is paler than usual, and that there is something in his manner at onco uneasy and snbdued-highly uncharacteristic of him at other times. He takes a Beat by her sido, and kisses her hand. But-for the first timo in his aunt's experience of him-he refuses tho good things on tho luncheon-table, and ho has nothing to say to tho cat 1 That neglected animal takes refuge on Lady Janet's lap. ?Lady Janet, with her eyes fixed expectantly on her nephew (determining to " have it out of. him " at the first opportunity) waits to hear what he has to say for himself. Julian has no alternative but to break the silence, and tell his{story as ho bcHt may. . " I got back from the Continent lost night," ho began. "And I como here, ns I promised, to report myself on my return. How doesj-your ladyship do? How is Miss Hoseberry ?" Lady Janot laid an indicative finger on tho lace pelerine which ornamented the upper part of her dress. " Hero ia. the old lady, well, she answerod-and pointed next to tho room abova them. " And there," she added, "is tho young lady, ill. Is anything tho matter with you Julian ?" " Perhaps I am a littlo tired af tor my journey. Never mind me. Is Miss Roseberry suffering . from the shock?" ; " What elao should Bho bo Buffering from ? I will never forgive you, Julian, for bringing that crazy imposter into my house." " My dear aunt, when I was the innocent means of bringing her here I had no ¡doa that such a person as Miss Roseberry waa in existence. Nobody laments what has happened more sincerely than I do. Have yon had medical advice ?" "I tookhor to tho seaside a week since, by medical advice." " Has tho chango of air dono hor no good ?" " None whatever. If anything, tho chango of air has made her worse. Sometimes she sits for hours together áspalo as dcath"without looking at anything, and with- out uttering a word. Sometimes she brightens up, and seems as if sho waa eager to say eometing- and then, 'Heaven only knows why, checks herself suddenly ns if she .was afraid to speak. I could support that. But what cuts ma to tho heart. Julian, is, that she does not appear to trnst mo and to lovo mo as «ho did. She scorns to be doubtful of mo ; sho seems to bo f . ightcned of mo. If I did noe know that it was simply impossible that such a thing could bo, I should really think she suspected mo of believing what that wretch said of her. In ono word fnud between ourselves) I begin to fear sho will never get over tho fright which cuusod that fainting fit Thero is serious mischief Bomowhere-and try aa I may to discover it, it is mischief beyond my fiuding." " Can the doctor do nothiug ?" Lndy Janet's blight black eyes answered, before she replied ia words with'"ft* look of supremo contempt. "Tho doctor!" sho ropeatcd disdainfully. "I brought Grace back last night in sheer despair, and I Br-nt for the doctor this morning. Ho is nt tho head of his profession ; ho is said to ho making ten thousand a year-and ho knows no moro about it thau I do. I um quite serious. Tho great physician has just gono away with two guineas iu his pocket. One guinea for advising mo to keep her quiet : another guinea for telling me to trust to time. Do you wonder how he gets on at this rate ? My dear boy, they all get on in tho same way. Tho medical profession thrivcB on two incurable diseases in those modern days - a He-disease and a Bhe-diseaso. She-disease -nervous depression ; he-disease- suppressed gout. Remedies, one guinea if you go to the doctor ; two guineas, if the doctor goes to you. I might have bought a now bonnet," cried her ladyship indignantly, ," with the money I have given to thut man ! Lot us change tho subject. I loso my temper when I think of it. . Besides, I want to know something. "Why did you go abroad ?" At that plain question Julian looked unaffectedly sur- prised. _ "I wrote to explain," he said. "Have you not received my letter ?" " Oh, I got your letter. It was long enough, in all conscience-and, long as it was, it did not toll me the ono thing I wanted to know." " "Whatis the 'ono thing' ?" Lady Janet's roply - not too palpably nt first-nt that second motive for Julian's journey which sho had suspected Julian of concealing from her. "I wanted to know," she said, " why you troubled yourself to make your inquiries on tho Continent in per. son ? You know where my old courier is to bo found. You have yourself pronounced him'to be tho most intel- ligent and trustworthy of men. Answer me honestly could you not have sent him in your place ?" ."I might have sont him," Julian admitted-a littlo reluctantly. "You might have snnt the courier-nnd you wore under an engagement to stay here as my guest. Answer mo honestly once moro. 'Why did you go away ?" Julian hesitated. Lady Janot paused for bia roply, with tho air of a woman who WUB prepared to wait (if necessary) for tho rest of tho afternoon. . " I had a reason of my own for going," Julian said at. last; ."; .:'-,. ,,.''.. ! " Yes ?" rejoined Lady Janot,-prepared to', wait (if necessary) till tho noxt morning. " ''.'.' , " A reason," Julian resumed, " which I would rather not mention." " Oh !" said Lady Janet." " Another mystery-oh ? And. another womuu nt tho bottom of it no doubt? .Thank you-that will do-Í am . sufficiently answered. No wonder-ns a clorgyman-that yon look a little con- fused. Thero ¡3 porhapB a certain grace, under tho circumstances, in looking confused. Wo will chango tho subject. You stay hero, of courso, now you havo como back ?" On"6 moro tho famous pulpit orator Becmed to find himself in thc inconceivable predicament of not knowing what to say, Onco more Lady Janet looked resigned to wait (if noccBsary) 'until tho muidlo of next week. . , Julian took ref ugo in hn, answer worthy of tho moBt commonplace man on tho face' of tho civilised earth. . "I" beg your ladyship, to accept my thanks and my excuses," ho said. Lady Janet's many-ringed fingers mechanically strok- ing the cat in her lap began to" stroke the wrong way. Lady Janet's inexhaustuble patience ahowed signs of failing her at last . . . . . ? " mighty civil, I am Büro," she said. "Make it com ploto. Say, Mr. Julian presents his complements to Lady Janet Boy, andregrots that a provious "engage- ment-Julian I" exclaimed the old lady, suddenly push- ing,the cat off her lap, and flinging her last pretence of good itompcr to the windB-" Julina, ' I nm not to bo trifled with 1 Thnro is but ona explanation of your con. duct-you aro evidently avoiding my house. lethero somebody you disliko in it ? Is it mo?" Julian intimated by a gesture that his aunt's last question was absurd. (Tho mueh-injurcd cat elevated his back, waved his tail slowly, walked to tho fircplaco and honoured tho rug by taking n Beat on it.) Lady Janet persisted. " Is it Ornoo Roseberry ?" tho asked next. ' Even Julian's pationco . began to Bbow signs of yield- ing.. His manner assumed a sudden- decision, his voico rose a tone- louder. > " You insist on knowing ?" ho ßiäi. " It t's [Miss Roseberry." . ' " You don't Uko her P" cried Lady Janot, with.a Bud don burst of angry surprise. . ' - ' Julian broke out, on his sido: " If I soo any moro of hcr,"ho answered, tho rare colour mounting passion- ately in his cheeks, "I Bhall bo the unhappiest man liv- ing./: If I seo any moro of her I shall ba false to my old , friend who Ia to marry her. Keep na apart, if yo* hard any regard for my peaco of mind, keep ns apart." Unutterable amazement expressed itself in his aunt's lifted bands. Ungovernable ouricsity uttered itself in his inuit's next wordfl. " You don't mean to toll me you are in loTO with Grace?" Julian sprung restlessly to his feet, and disturbed the cat at tho fireplace. (Xbe cat left tho room.) " I don't know what to tell you," ha said, "I can't realiso it to myself No other woman has ever rouaed the feeling in me which this woman tooma to have called to lifo in au instant. In tho hopo of forgetting her I 'broke my engagement hero : I purposely seised the_ opportunity of making those inquirió* abroad. Quite. useless. I think of her, morning, noon, and Light ; I seo lier and h«ar her, at this moment, aa plainly a) I see and hear you. Sho has mudo Acr-self a part of mi/.self ; I don't uuderatand my life without her. My power of will seems to bo gone, I said to myself this morning, ' I will wi ito to my aunt ; I wou't go back to Mablethorpo House.' Hera I am iu Mablethorpo Houso, with a moan subterfuge to justify me to my. own conscienco. ' I o wo it to iny aunt to coll on my aunt.' That it what I said to mya<df on the way hero ; and I was secretly hopiug avery step of tho way that Sho would oomo into the room when I got here ; I am hop- ing it now. And she is engaged to Horace Kolmoroft to'my oldest friend, to my best friend ! Am I an infer- nal rascal, or am I a weak fool ? God knows-I don't. Keep my secret, aunt ; l am heartily ashamed of my- self ; I used to thiuk I was made out'of botter stuff than this. Don't say a word to Horneo. I mu»t, and will, conquer it ; let me po." He snatchod up his hat. Lady Janet rising with the activity of a young woman, pursued him across tho room, and stopped bim at tho door. "No," answered the resolute old lady, "I wou't let you go. Como back with mo. ' As she said those words sha noticod with a certain fond pride the brilliant colour mounting- in his cheeks tho flashing brightness which lent au added lustre to his oyes. He had never, to her mind, looked so hnndsomo bef oro She took his arm. and led him to tho chairs which they had just left. It WOH shocking, it was wrong (sho mentally adinittod), to look on Mercy, under the circumstances, with any other eye than the eya ot a brother or a friend. Ia a clergyman (perhaps) doublv Bhacliin". douhlv wrnmr. Rut. with nil hnr respect for tho vested interests of Horace, Lady Janet could not blame Julian. Woree still, sho .was_ privately conscious that ho had, somehow or other, risen, than fallen, in her estitnationwithin tho last minute or two. Who conld deny that her adopted daughter was a charming creature? Who could wonder if a man of. refined tastes admired her? Upon tho whole, her ladyship humanely decided that her nephew was rather to be pitied than blamed. What daughter of Eve (no motter whether she was seventeen or seventy) could have honestly arrived at any othor conclusion ? _ Do what a man may-let him commit anything he likes, from nu error, to a orime-so long as there is a woman at tho bottom of it, there is an inexhaustible fund of pardon for him in every other woman's heart. "Sit down," said Lidy Janet, smiling in spite of herself ; " and don't talk in that horrible way again. A man, Julian-especially a famous man Uko you-ought, to know how to control himself." Julian bursting out laughing bitterly. ' Send upstairs for my self-control," ho said. " Its. in her possession-not ia mino. Good morning, aunt." He roso from his chair. Lady Janet instantly pushed him baok to it. "...., "I insist on'your Btaying hero," Bho said, it it is only for a few minutea longer. I hare something to say to you." "Does it refer to M'ss Nosoherry ?" " It refers to the hateful woman who frightened Miss Bosebcrry. Now aro you satisfied ?" Julian bowed, and settled himself in his chair. ".I don't much Uko to acknowledge it," his aunt went on. "But I want you te understand that I have some- thing really serious to speak about, for once iu a way. Julian ! that wretch not only frightened Grace-she actually frightens Me." " Fnghtons you ? She is quito harmless, poor thing." " ' Poor thing !" * ropoated Lady Janet. '* Did you say. 'poor thing'?" "Tes" " Is it possible thnt you pity her ?" " From the bottom of my beart." ? Tho old lady's temper gave way again at that reply. " I hato a man who cau't bato nnybody !" she burst out. " If you had been an ancient Koman, Julian, I believe you would b^vo pitiod Nero himself." Juliau cordially agtocd with her. " I bolievo I should," ho said quietly. "All sinners, my dear nunt, aro moro or loss miserable sinnors. Nero must havo becu ono of tho wretchedest of niaukind." " Wretched !" exclaimed Lady Janot. "Nero wretched ! A man who committed robbery, arson, and . murder, to bis own violin accompaniment-only wretched I What next, I wonder ? Wheu modern philanthropy begins to apologise for Nero, modern philanthropy has arrived at a pretty pass indeed ! Wo shall hear next that Bloody Queen Mary was ns playful as n kitten ; and if poor dear Henry the Eighth carried anything to an extreme, it waa the practice of tho domestic virtue?. Ah, how I bato cant! What were wo talking about just now? You wander from tho subject, Julian ¡ you aro what I call, bird-witted. I protest I forgot what I wanted to Bay to you No, I won't bo reminded of it. I may he an old woman, but I am not in my dotage yot ! Why do you sit there staring ? Havo you nothing to say for yourself ? Of all tho peo- ple in tho world have you lost tho use of your tongao ?" Julian's excollent temper, and accurate knowledge of his aunt's character, exactly fitted lim to caira tho ris- ing storm. Ho contrived to lead Lady Janet insensibly back to the loat subject, by dexterous rcferenco to a narrative which he had thus left untold-the narrative of bis adventures on tho Continent. . "I have a great deal to say, aunt," ho replied. " I have notyot told you of my discoveries abroad." Lady Janet instantly took the bait. "I knew there wassomothing forgotten," she said. " You bavo been all this timo in the house, and you havo told mo nothing. Begin directly." Patient Julian began. CHAPTER XIV.-COMINO EVENTS CAST TIIEIB SHADOWS BEFOKE. '. I went first to Mannheim, Lady Janet, aa I told you I Bhould in my lotter; andi heard all that tho consul and tho hospital doctors could tell me. No now fact of tte slightest importance turned up. I got my directions for finding tho German surgeon, and I sot forth to try what T could maka noxt of the man who had performed. On tho question of his patient's identity he had (as a perfect stranger to her) nothing tell mo. On the question of hor mental condition, however, he mado a very important statement. He owned to me that ho had operated on another person injured by a shell wound on the head, at tho battle, of Solferino, and that the patient (recovering also in this CUBO J rocoverod mod. That is a remarkable admission ; don't you think so?" Lady Janet's^temper had hardly boen allowed timo enough to subside to its customary level. " Very remarkable, I dare any," abo answered, "to people who feel any doubt of this pitiable Indy of yours being mad. I feel no doubt-nud, thus, I find your account of yourself, Julian, tircsomo in tho extreme. Get on to the end. Did you lay your hand on Mercy Merrick ?" "No." " Did you hear anything of her ?" : " Nothing. Difficulties beset me on overy sido. The French ambulance had shared in the disasters of Franco it waa broken np. Tho wounded Frenchmen wore prisoners, somowhore in Germany, nobody knew where. The French surgeon had beca killed in action. His assistants wora scattorcd-most likely in hiding. I began to despair of malting any discovery, when nccidont threw in my way two Prussian soldiers who had been in tho French cottage. They confirmed what tho German Burgeon told the consul, and' what Heraco himself told me, namely that no nurso in a black dress was to bo scon in tho place. If there had been such a person, bho would certainly (tho Prussians informed me) have been found in nttendanca ? on tho injured Frenchmen. The cross of tho G ono va Con- vention would havo been amply sufficicntto protect her : no woman wenring that bfldgo of honour would havo disgraced herself by abandoning the wounded uicn boforo.tho Germans entered tho place." - - . . "In short," interposed Lady Janet, " thera is no such poraon OB Mercy Merrick ?" " I can draw no othor conclusion," said Julian, "unless tho,English doctor's idea is tho right one. Af ter hearing what I havo just told you, ho thinks tho woman herself is Meroy Merrick." Lady Janet hold up her hand, as a sign that sho had an objection to make hero. " You'and tho doctor seem "to have aettlnd everything to your entire satisfaction on both sides," she said, "But thero is ono difficulty that you have neither of you accounted for yet." . " What is it aunt ?" , " You talk glibly enough, Julian, about this woman's mad assortion that Grace is tho missing nurso, ahd that ehe is Grace. But you have not explained yet how tho idea first got into her head : and moro than that, how it is that she ia acquainted with my namo and address, and perfectly familiar with Grace's papers and Grace's affairs. . These things nre a puzzlo to a person of my averago intelligence ; can your clever friend, the doctor, account for them ?'* "Shall I tell you what ho said, when I saw him this morning ?" "Will it take long?" 1 " It will take about a minute." " You agreeably snrpriae mo. Go on." "lYou want to lmow how she gained hcrknowlcdgo of your namo, and of Mies Iloacberry's affairs," Julinu i resumed. " Tho doctor says in ono of two ways. Either [ Miss Bosoberry muat havo apoken'of you, and of her own affaira, whi'e aha Md fha ?transar «ri together ¡a tba French cottage $ or; the atranger must EaTs obtained acrcBS privately to ¿liss Eoseberry's papers. Co you agree so far ?" Lady Janet began to feel interested for the first time. "Perfectly," she Bald. "I hare no doubt Grace rashly talked of matters which an older and wiser per- son would bare kept to herself." " Very good. Do you also agree that the last idea ia tho woman's mind when Bho was struck hy the shell, might have been (quite probably) the idea of Miss Bosc berry's identity aud Miss BosBbtrry'B affairs? You think it likely enough? Wolli-what happens after that? The wounded woman is brought to life by an operation, and shs becomes delirious in tho hospital af-'1 Mannheim. Dnring ber delirium the idea of Miss Boso berry's identity ferments iu her brain, and assumes its prosent perverted form. Tu that form it still remains. As a necessary consequence,' she~pereÍ9ts in reversing the two identities Sho says she ia Miss Roseberry, and declares Miss Roseberry to be Mercy Merrick. This is tho doctor's explanation. What do yon think of it ?" " Very ingeneous, .T. daro say : the doctor doesn't quito satisfy me, however, for all that. I think"-. What Lady Janet thought was not destined to be ex. pressed. Sho suddenly checked herself, and held up her hand for the second time. ' .« Another objeotion ?" inquired Julian. " Hold your tongue !" cried the old lady. "If you say a word more I bball loso it ugaiu." Lose what, aunt ?'.' What I wanted to say to you, ages ago. I have got ib back again- it begins with a question. (No more of the doctor! I have had enough of him I) Where is she -your pitiablo lady,. my crozy wrotoh-whore is she now ? Stiil in London ?" "Yea." " And still at largo ?" " Still with tho landlady, at her lodgings." v . "Very well. Now answer me this ! What is to pre- vent her from making another attempt to force her way (or steal her way) into iuy house ? How ara I to protect Graco, how am I to protect myself, if she comes here again ?" '.Is that really what you wished to speak to mo about?" _ \- " That and nothing else " . They were both too deeply interested in the subject of their conversation to look towards tho conservatory, and to notice the appearance nt that moment of a distant geiitlemm among tho plants and flowers, who had made his way in from the garden outside. Advancing noise lessly on tho soft Indian matting, the gentleman ere long rovcaled himself under tho form aud features of Horaco Holmcroft. Before entering tho dining-room, he paused, fixing bis eyes inquisitively on the .hock of Lady JanetVviaitor-the hack being nil that he could see in the position ho then occupied After a pause of an instant, tho visitor epok», and further uncertainty was at once nt an ead. Horace, nevertheless, made no movement to enter tho room. He had his own jealous distrust of what Julian might., be tempted to say at a firivate interview with his aunt ; and he waited a little onger, on the chance that his doubts might be verified. " Neither you nor Miss Roseberry need any protec- tion from the poor deluded ? creature," Julian went on. " I have gained great influence over her-and I have satisfied her that it is useless to present herself hero again." 'I beg your pardon," interposed Horace, speaking from tho conservatory door. " You hato done nothing of the sort." (He had heard enough to satisfy him that tho talk was not taking the direction which his suspicions had anticipated. And as an additional incentive to show himself, a happy chanco hod now offered him the opportunity of putting Julian in tho wrong.) "Good heavens, Horace!" exolaimed Lady Janet. " Where du you come from ? And what do you mean ?'. "I heard at the lodge that your ladyship and Grace had returned last night. And I came in at once, with, out troubling the servants, by the shortest way." Ho turned to Julian next. " The woman you wera speaking of just now," hoproceedod, " has been here again already -in Lady Janet's absence." . . Lady Janet . immediately looked at her nephew Jnliun reassured her by a gesture. " Impossible," ho said. " There must bo some mis- take" . " There is no mistake," Horaco rejoined. " I am repeating whnt I havo just heard from tho lodge-keeper himself. Ho hesitatod to mention it to Lady Janet for fear of alarming her ; only_ three days sinco this person had tho audacity to ask him for her ladyship's address at tho seaside Of courso ho refused to give it." ".You hear that, Julian ?" eaid Lady Janet. No' Bigna oí anger or mortification escaped Julian. The expression in hi] faco at that moment waa an ex. pression of sincere distress. " Pray don't alarm yourself," ho Boid to his aunt, in his quietest toues. *' If she attempts to annoy you or Miss Roseberry again, I have it in my powor td stop her instantly." " How ?" asked Lady Jancti " How, mdoed !" echoed Horaco. " If we give her in charge to'the police wo ahull become subjects of a pnblic scandal." " I havo managed to nvoid all danger of scandal," Juiian answered ; tho expression of his face becoming moro and moro marked while ho spoke. " Before I called here to-day I had a private consultation with the magistrate of the district, and I have mado certain ar- rangement nt tho police-station close by. On receipt of my card,, an experienced man, in plain clothes, will present himself nt any address that I indicate, ana will take her quietly away. The magistrate will bear tho charge in his private room, and will oxamine the evi denco which I can procure, showing that she is not ac- countable for her actions. The proper medical officer will report officially on the case, and the law will place her under the necessary restraint." Lady Janet and Horaco looked at each other in amazement. Julian was, in their opinion, the last man on earth to tako the course-at onco sensible and severo -which Julian had actually adopted. Lady Janet in* eistod on an explanation. " Why do I hear of this now for tho first time ?" ah» asked. " Why did you not tell mo you had taken these precautions before ?" Julian answered frankly and sadly. " Becauao I hoped, aunt, thoro would ho no necessity for proceeding to extremes. You now force me to nsknowledge that tho lawyer and tho doctor (both of whom I have seen this morning) think as you do, that sho is not to ho trusted : it was at their suggestion entirely that I went to tho magistrate. They put it to ' me whether tho result of my inquiries abroad - unsatis- factory as it may have benn in other respecta-did not strengthen tho conclusion that tho poor woman's mind is deranged. I folt compellod in common honesty to admit that it was so. Having owned this, I was bound to take Bitch precautions as the lawyer and the doctor thought necessary. I havo done my duty-sorely against my own will. It ÍB weak of mo, I dare say but I cannot bear tho thought of treating tbis afflicted creature harshly. Her delusion is so hopeless 1 her situation is such a pitiable ona !" His voico faltered. Ho turned away abruptly and took up his hat. Lady Janot followed him, and spoko to him at the door. Horaco smiled satirically, and went to wnrm himself at the Uro. " Are you going away. Julian ?" "lam only going to tho lodge-keeper. .1 want to give him a word of warning in case of bis seeing her agnin." . -.'You will come bnck here ?" (Lady Janot lowered her voico to a whisper). " There is really a reason, Julinu, for your not leaving tho houso now." . \ "I promise not to go away, aunt, until I have pro- vided for your security. If you, '.or your adopted daughter, are ajarmed. by another intrusion, I givo you my word of honour my card Bhall go to the police staliou-however painfully I may feel it myself." (He, ' too, lowered his voico at tho next words,) "Inthe meantime remember what I confessed to yon whilo wo were alono ! J?or ray Bake, let mo see ns little of Miss Rosoberry as possible, Shall I find you in this room w ent I come baok ?" >'YC3." * " Alono ?" Ho laid a strong emphasis, of look ns well as of tono, on that cue word. Lady Janot understood what tho emphasis meant. . .?' ? ; '¡ ' Aro you really," sho'whÍBpored, " as 'muck'iri love with Graco us that ?" ""* .'??' ; . Julian laid oho hand on his aunt's arm, and pointed with tho other to Horace-standing with his hack to them, warming his'feet on tho fender. " Well ?"' said Lady Janet. . "Well," said Julian, with a smile on MB lip and tear' in his eyo, " I never envied any man os I envy him !" ' With those words he left tho room. ' '. '.' "',"'''. (TO BE CONTINUED.J The best stock for rough country or moun- tain pastures and tho best winter pasture for them is os follows. The best horned stock for such localities is the. Devon, if beef only is wonted, or the" Ayrshire if dairy-, ing is tho object. Tho best sheep, if wool only is Bought, is tho merino ; if wool and mutton ÍB ' the object,. tho Cotswold. Tho best hogs would bo the Essex or Berk- shire. Buik stock might be purchased,''and good males of tho abovo breeds used cn them ; in a few years tba improvement would bo very great, and ' much profit result. In America for Euch high Jand comparatively bleak country na wo nre speaking of, what is known aid the blue grass {Poa pratensis) is said to make tho best. winter feed ; orchard-gross and red clover tho heBt early pasture ; timothy and bluo-grasa mixed tho best summer pasture BYDNEY: Printed and Publlshod by. SAMUEL \- BENNETT, Sole Proprietor, at the Empire Office Pitt-street, Fiiday, 23rd May, 1873. 