A YANKEE GHOST STORY. The Mcrrimacit Valley Visitor says:—In 1 Newbury port we-have a scliool-house that the j school'Committee had been forced to advertise j •as closed to visitors, because curious crowds i waited within and without to see the mysterious j form of a ghost boy, who has been trotting I •around there for more than a year, seen fre quently by the toacher—who is not a spiritual ist—and by most of the whole fifty pupils, who -'are too young (primary scholars) to mystify and •deceive the people. The school house is a one ;story building that would be the last place in "the town for a spirit from any happy abode to | wish to renew its childhood in. There is an •entry to the building, where is a flight of stairs to the attic, and a window looking into the I school room. The teacher's desk brought I her back to that window, where the pupils told I her a strange boy was playing his tricks, some times putting his head up to the glass and other , times looking in. They described him, and ! "when seen he has always been the same in dress and appearance. To verify statements, she changed her seat to face the window, and by ■and by the face appeared—Jack Frost upon the window-pane. Not doubting but it was really a boy, she took her ruler, an emblem of her authority, and made for the entry, and there she found him standing quietly in the corner—one of the prettiest faces she had ever seen, with a smile on his beautiful lips and needing a kiss more than a blow. His body, dressed in neat white clothes, oore the appearance of one just past the first decade of years. His hair was almost white, a low little head ; his face was as pale as death, and his eyes a sweet blue. His face was older than his years, and he had the appearance of wisdom beyond his age. She advanced to him, and then lie dodged to the attic stairs. She followed—is now near enough to take hold of him—readied for him, but he is not there. He seemed to sink through the stairs, and where she would grasp his person her hand struck the floor. Ho was gone. Now we have a veritable ghost—what is to be done ? The police thought they could capture him. They arrested a lad as the author of all this commo tion—tlie town through ; and he had his choice to confess or take his chwice for the reform school. The boy partially confessed; but ho was not punished, because his teacher and all the pupils and liis parents knew that he was not the strange boy, that looked in at the window : and the face continued to re- appear when, he was sent away. Next a carpenter was sent to nail up the passsage to the attic, but if love laughs at locks much more do ghosts. The little tow heacl made more noise than before. Ho turned the attic into a carpenter's shop, where lie, too, sawed and pounded and nailed; and, as if to demon strate the futility of human force to shut him out, he put his head down through the ventilator and took a survey of the school. Some of the children have been frightened, and one day one of them fainted; but few of them are excitcd about it. The teacher has spoken to him, and he only laughed from his happy face. The chil dren looked at him, whom not one of them ever saw before, and he returns their glances with love in his soft, mild eyes ; but as yet lie has not told us who he is, whence he came, or what liis mission. This comes nearest to a real ghost —of anvtliinir we have seen in this citv for years.— New York Times. 