ÎDlWrtTY OF SHIPS. of - (Tram the heartbeat Muriazme for Annul.) "" "What's in a memo V Tit it which are of ill a rose By" any other name would Kiiioll as sweet." as ' .' -Stt.VKSPBAItn. " No Teoniictentiig of a ship should be allowed under any tírcuuistiinoos."-SAVICISI, I'UMBOLL, First Book, n o5, 1\. 20. Tn'fRE is much in a name, especially in the name of it a ship, and more especially if the ship has a bad character, or has Ixcn unfortunate. Under the present law no British registered ship can change her name without the written authority of the Board of Trade and this authority is by no means an easy thing to obtain in the majority of cases in which it is applied for Mr. Plimsoll, amongst other things, is jw urged in his remarkable book that chance of name should not be allowed. In this Mr. Plimsoll probably had, as in other cases, overlooked or ignored the provisions of the recent Merchant Shipping Act. The law, even before the passing of the recent Act, provided that no change should be made in the name of a British registered ship, but it did not require a foreign ship when placed on the British register to be placed there with the name of any she may have previously borne as a British ship. And thus it came to pass that if the owner wished the name of his British ship to be changed to some other name he would sell her to a foreigner, and buy her back again re christened. This led to some ships having, during their career, many names, for the sale to a foreigner and the repurchase by a British owner could be repeated once a day if the parties desired it. There were certain foreign persons who used to get a part of their livelihood by buying British ships for rochristening-per- petual godfathers for ships in want of names. The change made by Mr. Fortescue's Act of 1871 requires first that if a British ship is sold to a foreigner, and repurchased by a British subject, she shall come back in her own name, and that no change of name shall be allowed without special license. The only case not met by the present law is the case of a foreign ship coming out the British register for the first time. As the law now stands, she may throw aside her foreign name and may, without license or advertisement, take any name her owners give her. This is, however, prevented by Mr. Fortescue's bill now before the House, and a foreign ship coming on the British register for the first time will, after the passing of that bill, have to come with her foreign name. ' Mr. Plimsoll either did or did not know the state of the law when he dedicated his book to farmers gracious Majesty. If he did not know it, then his recommendation that no change should be made in the name of a British ship was a year or so too late. It he did know it, and wanted and still wants something more elastic than is provided in Mr. Fortescue's Act and bill -if, for instance, Mr. Plimsoll wishes that no change shall be made in a name, even by license, or as he says, under any circumstances, he wants what is against common sense, and what, therefore, it is for the benefit of British shipping he should certainly not get. It must not be forgotten that the practice of certain firms and certain lines calling their ships after certain things, animals, rivers, countries, nationalities, professors, etc., is a practice to be encouraged ; nor that any hard or fast law that would unduly interfere with this must be bad. In addition to the instances we give below, we may mention lines whose ships are all named after some tower. The Ferntower. The Cunard ships end in " ia," as Parthia, Russia, Abyssinia, Scotia, Persia, etc. The Allan line in "tan," Canadian, Circassian, and so on. The ships of Messrs. Lamport and Holt are named after astronomers, Newton, Donati, Bella, Flam stead ; whilst Messrs. Burns, of Glasgow, affect the names of wild creatures, Lynx, Bear, Bison, Kangaroo, &c.; Promiscuous ships are named anyhow, such as Saucy Lass, Black Joke, Auld Reekie, Blue Nose. There are about 100 Ann's, and upwards of 900 whose names begin with Mary. In foreign ships we find many names wholly unpalatable to the English nation for ships. We don't call our dogs, horses, or ships by Scriptural names as a rule ; but in Catholic countries it is the reverse, and yet we buy foreign ships. Now, for Messrs. Lamport and Holt to become possessed of say a Saucy Lass, or a Black Joke, would be wholly out of the question and wholly improper amongst the astronomers of their line, or again for a Blue Nose to appear with the Bear and Jackal, or with the Persia and J'aithia, or with the Constance, the Victoria, and Euphemia, would be equally ridiculous and inconvenient. Suppose that Mr. Inman sells an Atlantic steamer to Mr. Ismay or Mr. M'Iver sons one to Mr. Inman, or that the Guion line sell one to the National each of these lines crosses the Atlantic from Liverpool, and each has a class of names, and Mr Inman s are all " Cities ; " Mr. Ismay's all end in " is." Suppose then that the Rustic or the Sarcastic is bought by Mr. Inman, it would be absurd to require Mr. Inman to keep the name of a competing line in his fleet, and would lead to confusion. His request, therefore, to change the name of the Sarcastic to the City of Upton would be perfectly reasonable, and ought to be allowed in the absence of special reasons to the contrary. Again, Spanish and Italian ships have often very holy appellations : Holy Virgin, Immaculate Conception, The Twelve Apostles, The Holy Ghost, are all actual names of existing ships. Now, it would be exceedingly unpalatable to Englishmen to have these ships, if transferred to the British registry, going over the world with these names, and they ought therefore to be renamed. Again, a sloop of CO tons or thereabouts, called The Annan and Whitehaven and Londonderry Trader of Whitehaven, suffers under. a name too heavy, and also too long to write on the hull is letters of the size now required. In fact, the name would go right round her. To change the name of the little craft to the Alert, or Gem, or Cat is only reasonable. Again, the Devil is not a nice name for a British ship, except on the ground of the antiquity of the founder of the name ; but the owner being possessed of The Devil, and finding her a good honest ship, wished to give her a better name, and applied, and was allowed to call her The Printer's Boy. In this case, Mr. Fortescue explained in the House that it was not until The 1 ---are.. wholly Devil was Assyrians aged author of those touching appeals to the majesty of Heaven and of the Throne can object to changing the name of a ship under any circumstances it is not easy to see. We say that for anyone to commence a crusade against any change of name whatever, is to run counter to the necessities of British commerce, and public feeling and decency. Having shown the necessity for changing names under certain circumstances, and under proper restrictions, we propose to give a few illustrations of the inconvenience of promiscuous changes of names without the official sanction and publication, and notification, and advertising required under Mr. Fortescue's Act of 1871\. These cases are interesting, first, because of the many changes, and secondly because of the intricacies involved by the length- evenings, and shortenings, and quarterings and we have no hesitation in publishing them, because there never has been any suspicion of fraud or improper concealment in any of the cases, and because we believe the whole of the transactions to be fair, honest, and above board. We must, however, bear in mind that they are all impossible under the last Merchant Shipping Act. The first case is that of the Brazilian, of Liver- pool This ship was built at Millwall in 1852, and registered in London as] the Adelaide, in December of that year. [She was " sold to foreigners," 1863, and again registered in London as the Mersey, on the 30th May 1863 ; she was again sold to foreigners, and registered in London, 28th April, 1864, as the New York j she was again sold to foreigners, and registered in London, 2nd September, 1894, as the Bradman. She was transferred to the Merchants' Trading Company, Liverpool, lengthened 100 is in Liverpool, and re-registered at that port on the 20th October. 1899. Since 180!) skin has been trading to India and the Meihtoi ranges, and is at present lying in the Birkenhead flour to Java of 'navy engines and boilers. She has proved to be a st ning ship. Her old engines Ave re compounded" by Jack, of Liverpool, and a new description of Imiler fitted to her from the drawings and under the superintendence of Mr. John Jordan, of' Liverpool. P. Bolivian. She was built at Mil wall, fell, and regis- tot ed in London its the Victoria, on the (6th April, 1853 ; she was sold to foreigners, and registered in Liverpool as the Shannon on the 4th June, 1893 ; she was again sold to foreigners, and registered in Liverpool's the London on the 28th April, 1869 ; she was again sold to foreigners, and registered in London in the Bolivian, on the 9th March, 1864, and, after registry, she was sold to "The Merchants Trading Company," of Liverpool, and placed on the Indian trade. She was considerably altered in appearance under the direction of Mr. John Jordan ; she was cut in dry dock at Liverpool, and drawn asunder 90 feet, with the intention of lengthening her, and remained in that state for ten mouths, when she won again put together without any additional length. Since then she was sold, and is at present lying in the loads at Charlton to be broken up. (3. Larks paddle steam ship, 200 feet long, 23 feet broad, and 10 feet 4 inches deep, of very light plates and scantling, built of steel, supposed for blockade purposes, and registered in Liverpool as the Lark, sold to foreigners, and registered in Liverpool as the Port Said, having been lengthened CO left, 8th December, 1869, registered owner John Rowe Bickford, Liverpool ; again sold to foreigners in 1870, and registered at Liverpool as the Hankow, 14th March, 1876, again owned by John Rowe Bickford ; re- registered at North Shields, 8th March, 1872, owned by John Robert KelsO of North Shields. Since then the has been cut in two, at Sunderland, by the late Mr. William Pile, iii January, 1873, and converted into two screw steam-ships, by putting a new stern on one, and a new bow on the other one, the Lilian, registered at London on the 26th April, less, as a new iron screw steamship, built by W. Pile and Co., at Sunderland, in 1878 ; the other is, we believe, at present lying in dock, and in the market for sale, but we cannot you find any record of her being registered. Both vessels we found classed 71 A. After the vessel was bought by John Robert Kelso, of North Shields, she was, in accordance with the custom in such cases, reported as having been broken up in 1872, and her registry as the Hankow closed in the official book on the 24th September, 1872. 4\. Badger. This is a paddle steamer 208 ft. 8 in. long, 24 ft. 3 in. broad, and 11 ft. 6 in. deep. This vessel was built at Liverpool, in 1854, by Jones, Quiggan, and Co., registered 29th March, 1854, as owned by Joshua Jones, shipbuilder, Liverpool ; she was sold to foreigners, repurchased and registered at Nassau, N.P., Kith May, 1865, owned by Richard Etheridge, of London, then residing in Havana. She was transferred to Liverpool, still registered as the Badger, 30th May, house, owned by Charles Kulin Prioloau, of Liverpool. She was again sold to foreigners, 7th December, 186!9, lengthened in Liverpool CO feet, and registered as the Jsmaila, of Liverpool, John Rowe Bickford, owner. 3 and 4. The Lark and Badger were lengthened, and intended to carry cargo through the Suez Canal, on this side the Isthmus and the other. The Benalla, was again sold to foreigners, in 1870, and bought again, and re-registered at Liverpool, as the Shanghai, still owned by John Bowe Bickford, of Liverpool. She was transferred to North Shields, 11th March. 1872, owner, John Robert Kelso, of North Shields. The Shanghai \- is now lying at Sunderland, and would, we have heard have been cut, and converted into two vessels, in the same manner as the Lark, had Mr. Pile lived. 6\. The Black Diamond, a steamer, was cut into two ; her engines vi ere sent to work at a colliery ; A bow was put into one half, and a stern on the other half, and one appeared as two sailing schooners. jtWliich of them was the Black Diamond z (i. A vessel was lengthened, then, some time after wards, declared by her owners to be broken up, and the registry closed. She was not broken up, but rebuilt leaving the bow entire, and was registered as a new ship, and was, we learn, classed. 7\. Tiber, a steamer, belonging to Messrs. Bibby, of Liverpool, got on the banks, and broke in two. She was lifted in separate parts, and sold on the beach, at Egremont, by auction. Separate purchasers bought her one bought the aft end, and one the fore end. The purchaser of the after end wanted a bow, and he bought a slice off the piece which belonged to the other purchaser, and put it on thus making a shorter ship than the old Tiber. This will, undoubtedly, be hailed with delight by persons who object to lengthening ships, but see no objection to short ships. jp. Wc ILIA e been informed of other cases of which the particular feature is as follows A is built, say, 200 feet long : B is built, say, 200 feet long. A becomes C. and is lengthened 40 feet ; B becomes D, and is lengthened 80 feet. A, B, C, and D are then cut up, and, with new work, made into three new ships, is, F, G. Now, the puzzle is here to know how much of old, A, B, C, and D and now 15, F and 6 S Major B, or C, or D. But the question is, whether it is necessary that any one should know i Doubtless the ships would get a class, and, probably, a Board of Trade certificate, and if they do not obtain either they are but little better, or little worse than they would be without it. The question is. how much of the materials of an old ship may be used in making a new one, and we think that as this must depend upon the condition of the materials of the old ship, it is better to leave the question alone. When a knife, which we will call A has had all its blades renewed, and then its handle renewed, and all its springs renewed, it may be a very good knife, and its parts, taken separately, may go to assist in making very good knives, but they can- not all go by the XtnFÙC of the original knife; and so with ships, and it is a matter for purchasers, and insurers, and register used?- - surveyors to take each complete one as its mads on its own merits as presented, As regards SHIPS bran-. ft. all-.-- given up, or taken off the .cö.0tcr,we observe a clause in Mr. Fortescue s new bill, which provides that such, a class shall not be re-registered until she is surveyed by a Board of Trade surveyor, and pronounced to be seaworthy. The alteration in the name of a ship is practically prevented, unless with due formalities and advertising, and the end of an old ship is now reported, and we think that anything further than this would become vexatious interference 