NEWS AND NOTES. At about half-past one o’clock on Sunday morning the four-roomed cottage of Mr Martin Moran, in Latrobe street west near the Hand and Band No. 2 shaft was to tally destroyed by fire. It appears that oh tbe previous.;evening, "before''retiring’ to bed, Mr Moran left ’ some bark mr the' jitc&n; fire to dry, and it is supposed that this-ignited arid set the place ron fire. Mr Moran'- and two', other; risen, who were : oni-the premises, had.barely time tovescape with their lives, and nearly all the furniture, clothing, ,&c;) in the house were burnt. ; Some -members.of • the fire brigades; were ori the spot as quickly as possible; with their apparatus, but too late-to be of any service in .saving the building. Moran estimates his total loss at about £llO, but a portion of this is covered by an insurance of £75 on the cottage in the London and.Lancashire office;-" ' ‘ “ ’ ' ; ” .. -We report elsewhere 'some particulars of thestorm on Sunday, and it will' be seen that a wonderful escape from death by lightning occurred in tT house in Dana Btreet. ' ■ An attempt at suicide was made on Sunday by a miner named James Collins, by means of poison.: It appears that he had been on,a drinking bout, at a public-house on the Sebastopol road, but what kind, of poison he took, or why he.took it, could not; be elicited from him. He was. admitted to the district hospital af about one o’clock, and discharged in the evening, apparently all right. Between one and two o’clock on Saturday morning a six-roomed house, occupied by Mr Stewart, situated iri E’rrard street south, caught fire by the bursting of a kerosene ■ lamp. : The front rooms were entirely, gutted, but the main- portion of the' building was) saved by means of the hose-attached to the premises.- The.damage is'estimated at about £3O. ; ; K i ? ; Sergeant Larner on Sunday made ari 'inspection of the hotels in the towri) arid 'he found thern ; closed and orderly conducted In every instance. On the 24th December Constables Allen, of Pitfield; and Sexton, of Linton, inade a seizure of a quantity, of beer on the premises respectively of—Probert, of McMillarn’s Bridge, near Rokewood; Angus Mclntyre and Henry Robinson, of Bulldog; and of two bottles of gin from the latter. The parties were summoried to appear at Linton on Thursday last, but failed to do so; consequently the beer, casks, and gin were con fiscated. On Saturday Mr TV. Godbold,' of Smythesdale (writes our local correspondent), was in the bush, on.a range between Smythesdale and Camgham, cutting a load of firewood, when his attention was attracted by the appearance of some dark and strange-looking ob ject in the air coming directly towards him. ) Having never before seen any aeronautic visitant of the same kind, he was at first concerned as to what manner of thing it was, whether some sable-weeded messenger from the realms of the diserabodied, or perhaps a fragment that astral or lunar disruption had projected into space. As the mysterious body approached, how ever, Mr Godbold was both pleased and amused to find that the object of-his-concern was a fine large swarm of bees, which the excessive sultriness of the day had doubtless ; prompted to quit some parental hive,-and which, descending close by him, settled in a grass bush at his side. He was riot long in obtaining* a kerosene tin and .housing the wanderers, and he sub sequently got them removed to his own place in Bafety. . ' J ’' At the invitation of the Right Rev. Dr Goold, a meeting of influential membera of the Roman Ca tholic denomination, clergy and lay, was held' a few days ago at St. Patrick’s College, and was adjourned until Friday, for the purpose of considering the Edu cation Act in so far as it affected the" interests of that body. The.proceedirigB on both occasions were strictly private at the request of thebishop. In consequence of the non-publication of the regulations no practical result could be arrived at, and the meeting had to be further adjourned. • -A country journal appropriately remarks, that con .Bidering the many casualties that occurred last year through fires, the farmers who stack their crops this year would only be exercising due caution if they took advantage of the facilities offered them for insur ing their produce against the risk of losses by fire. - The usual fortnightly meeting of the Smythesdale Borough Council, on Friday evening, lapsed for want of a quorum, only Councillor Jones being in attend ance. The meeting was adjourned till Tuesday evening. ■ • : The appointment of the following justices of the peace in various general sessions districts is announced in Friday night’s Government Gazette: —Ballarat dis trict, Mr Thomas Hoskins; Belfast district, Mr Samuel Baird; Bendigo district, Mr Robert Charlton; Melbourne district, Messrs Alexander Marks, Henry Joseph Smith, Henry Thomas Littlewood, Henry Sims. The board appointed to enquire into the claims of certain volunteers to compensation for .injuries re ceived in the' discharge of militaiy duty have for warded their report to the Treasurer! ‘ They recom mend that Gunner- Astley, who was injured on the 4th April, 1868, by the wheel of a 6-pounder howitzer passing over .his ,-knee,- should receive £75; that Miller, who was kicked in the face and .chest by-a horse in - March last. Yriiilo on volunteer duty,- Bhould receive £125; and that Henry TV. Spray, a volunteer, who alleges he contracted chronic rheuma tism from exposure during the wet Werribee encamp ment in 1862,’£90. With respect to Clement Mar tyr, who was injured at the last Easter review, the board report that the accident he met with was entirely the “result of his own carelessness, and that, therefore, he was not entitled to any ■ compensation. They, however, recommend that, as he is not in a fit condition to earn a subsistence by manual labor, the sum of £lOO should be given him as a compassionate gratuity in his comparatively destitute state. The awards will probably "be' paid out of : the vote for .unforeseen expenses. ’ On Friday night, writes our Smythesdale corre spondent, a sad misfortune befel Mr Joseph Wrigley of Black Hill. Mr Wrigley,. who' keeps a few cows and resides in the ranges between Smythesdale and Camgham, went to bed between eight and nine o’clock on the evening in question. A little before pndpisbfc) however) he ': was awakened sly >a‘ roaring sound, and on going out, he saw. his stable-shed and fowl-house in flames. Both buildings were burned to the ground, and all the dray harness in the stable, , was, -consumed. : Fortunately the horse was not in _ the stable. The erections m question were. situated about ■ eighty or a hundred yards from the cottage. The cattle-bails in the yard adjacent were burned down, and also a few panels of Mr-Clarke’s fence, adjoining. It does not appear that • Mr Wrigley suspects, any person of having set fire to the place maliciously. The matter, however, has been brought under the notice of the local police. A staff, or sort of bush Btick, was found lying near the place, and from some remarks made it would seem to be thought that probably Borne swag man had taken shelter in the Btable for the night, fuia xiiid. accidentally set it on fire with, his pipe or matches. Mr Wrigley was, it Beems, struggling hard for a subsistence, and' his' present loss will be a serious drawback to him.' • Subscribers to the district hospital should bear in mind relative to the annual meeting that nominations for any of the offices must be lodged with the secre tary on or before Wednesday next. Our advertising columns announce also that , tenders for half- yearly supplies of groceries, wines, and spirits, &c.;, &c;„ must be sent in on Tuesday, 7th; at noon.' A member of the Ist B.Y.R. band writes to Bay it was not that band that was playing in Errard. street on New Year s-day morning. \ ; * . • “Augur,” writing in the-Australasian of Saturday says:—“lt is reported that Mr W. Winch, of New South Wales, intends to bring acriminal action against a Ballarat journal for defamation of- character;' the alleged lihol arising, oui of. nnmo;-rnmnrlrw- AiltUltf '’ rB* specting the running of Loup Garou at the V.R.C. Spring Meeting.” On New Year’s-night, . in connection with the order- of St. Andrew, S.C., Mr " 'Archibald M'Eacharn . (secretary : of the 1 late demon'stra uuu, sc. Andrew’s-tlay) was presented 1 with 1 a handsome silver lever watch and appendages by several,members of the order. 1 The wateh bore a suit able mscnptiqn, and Mr. M'Eacharn responded,in an npv»^ n « te i S |- ?e^ ell -' ' Me ®» B a*rfe and Rowan played Beveral Scottish airs on the bagpipes, and a very plea- Bant evening was spent. mentioned in our telegraphic columns the other day that it was rumored in .' Sydney that a tonan government agent was endeavoring to induce the members of the disbanded defence force to join the Victorian corps. There is, however, it appears,‘no foundation whatever for the statement. • In "'the'' Australasian .of Saturday “Cloanthiis” writing' of the champion gig race to be rowed in" Mel bourne, says;— It is not. generally considered that the BaUarat crew can win, but that they can make the Sydney men rowharder than-they have yet been asked to do. If stout can be got to be one of them, this crew, no matter what their form, will prove to the Sydney men a very hard nut indeed; and I onfyßope that they will get to Work at once, and do plenty of it. That will be their stand-by; long, hard rows wiU supply the necessary ingredient—condition.’’ The total.proceeds .of the sales at the bazaar at the Smythesdale Athletic .Sports, on Wednesday and Thursday was £77 Is, and the total proceeds from the entertainments given at the local. Mechanics’lnstitute on Wednesday and Thursday evenings in 1 connection with the same sports was £33 19s 9d. There was however, a considerable quantify’of goods left unsold at the .-bazaar, and on Saturday: night, at the Mecha nics Institute, an auction sale was held by Mr G J Jqnes, assisted by Mr C. Tenbrick, Mr Merrifield, and ".Mr" Keith, ;J.P., assisted by Mr Thomas Law son, acted as treasurer at the sale. It will .be yet Some days before the pecuniary results 1 of ‘ the shorts can.be fully ascertained. ■ , ) . : . .) _ At the hif-yearly meeting of. the Excelsior ; Teiifi of Jemalo Rechabites, Clunes, the'following„were elected officers for the ensuing Bix months:—Sister Campbell S.M.; Sister. Irying, J.M.; Sißter -Young.' W.S:; r Sister: fiugnes, M.S»j Sister-Barwell, levite; Sister Rundle, guardian; Bra Williams and Jenkins of the Morning Star Tent, were elected secretary and treasurer, respec-% tively. A'considerable accession has been made to the ranks o£ the members within the past haUSpar. The monthly "meeting of the Clunes HospiSt com mittee'takes place.this evening at-the Mechanics’ Institute. The annual meeting of contributore is con vened for Thursday- evening nest. '• An organ recital in aid of the funds.of the Asylum and- School • for - the Blind will • be held at- St; -Paul’s Church, Clunes, on Tuesday evening. The blind boy, Henry; Folder, will preside at the organ, and the Episcopalian and .Wesleyan, choirs.will render selected pieces of mu5ic.,..... .... ;c . : Says the Telegraph,: —“Good news for free selectors. An important change is ' about to be made i by |the Lands Department in regard to the mode of selections ; and survey of lands. The- new . arrangements will simplify the proceedings and facilitate the. taking , up of land before survey, and a great boon will be that an applicant for land will not be. required to pay any money until his application i3 approved pf, and when he pays his money he will get' his license 1 at'once. Experience has,proyed-that, the practice, hitherto, of compelling selectors todeposit'their money beforehand, has acted'injunoußly'on persons oflimited means,; in as'pr'uch'as Belecting.elsewhere, and the new . arrangament willjtherefor'e, be acceptable .toalarge number l of persons; ''lntimation ! of the ' ; a day or two be fonvarded to tbe district surveyors throughout i the colony.”': : i .The,- number .of passengers arrived at:the:port of Melbourne by sea during the week- ending Saturday, Ath'Januafy, amounted to 581; of which humb'er 460 were’ from neighboring colonies, and 121 from the ■ United Kingdom. , The Minister of Railways will- inspect the dine of railway at Burrumbeet to-day (Monday) for the pur pose of selecting the. most suitable site for a railway station at that place;. a diversity of opinion vj>n the subject having arisen amongst the residents*:in the district. Mr Gillies will arrive by the mid-day train. .. The. regulations under .the Education Act are still under the consideration. of' the Minister of Public Instruction, Mr Wilberforce Stephen. Saturday’s Argus says:—“ He was engaged for. several hours, yes terday) assisted by Mr Venables and Mr Brown, in their revision.” .... , - -According to- the Argus, the Royal Commission which has been appointed to enquire into the working of the Local Government Statutes does not intend to stay in town- to collect information, but to devote the first month to visits to the principal centres of popula tion, in order to ascertain on the spot what reforms in the existing laws the borough and shire councils con sider necessary. ;.They are likely to begin their en quiries immediately. " . Referring _ to. the .Croxton.Park. racing scandal, Sa turday’s Argus Says:—“The rider of Whitefoot, how ever, has now made a-statutory declaration as to what took place between the bookmaker and himself, and for the committee of the Victoria Racing Club to ignore the matter any longer will bemeither more nor less than encouraging villariy of the'very worst de scription. The. document referred:to was sworn yes terday before Mr Sturt, P;M., by one Leonard Grim wood, who ‘solemnly and sincerely declares,’ at the risk of a prosecution for perjury, that while he was weighing for the third heat of the trotting race at Croxton Park, on Saturday last, the notorious, book maker, Johnß. Wallis, came-into the weighing-room, and, while ‘ apparently seeming to assist in putting the-required lead in the saddle-cloth,’availed himself of the opportunity to offer £soto Grimwood to ‘ blue ’ the race. The jockey further declares that by this elegant piece of slang he understood that he was asked not to win the race; that he referred the would be briber to the owner of Whitefoot; and that there upon ‘ the-said John 8.-Wallis left the weighing-room without making any further remark.’ ” The Express says, relative to the late captain of the Great Britain, that Mrs Gray never visited Melbourne, and though Miss Gray accompanied her father on several voyages,' she was not with him on that: which unfortunately has .proved the brave sailor’s last. ' ‘ The nett proceeds resulting from the Clunes Fire Brigade Demonstration on' Boxing-day will be about £6O. The North Clunes Brigade celebration was also equally successful, the total receipts being £9B. The expenses are Buch as will leave a profit balance of £5O. A dirty, drunken fellow) known as Billy Jones, the “ Oil " man, was. sentenced to a month’s imprisonment with hard labor, at the Creswick'Police-conrt on Saturday, for exposing his person in the public street. An extraordinary vacancy has' arisen in the Sebas topol Council by the resignation of Mr J. Morris. The 13 th January is the day of nomination of can didates for the vacant seat, and the 21st January the day of election. .Mr -William -Daviea heing tho only candidate nomi nated to fill the vacancy in the Creswick Borough Council,' caused by the resignation, of . Councillor Boyce, was declared by the mayor bn Saturday'duly elected. The Bacchus Marsh Express writes very strongly /about the Education Act. Says our 'contemporary:— “We feel most uncommon indignation 'when we', think of the stupid way in which Parliament has,' By this precious Education Act, thrown away about £lOO,OOO annually of the national revenue,'embittered Sectarian intercourse, pauperised the whole fatherdom of the country, flouted the Christian religion, and otherwise taken a leap in the dark which wasquite unnecessary) and the good resulting from or in spite of-'which could have been obtained without any of the monetary loss or bitterness of feeling by simply amending the old act.” -• •' • The following arrangements for .the General Sessions; Ballarat district, for the. year, are notified in the Go vernment Gazette: —Tuesday, Ist April;, Wednesday, 2nd' July;.Wednesday, Ist October; Friday, 'sth De cember.j. - - :■ : .-' : V'.;v ;' ... The Ballarat District Circuit Court will open during ' toe year on'the.following daysr-^-Friday,'l4th'.' Febru ary; Wednesday) 23rd April; Tuesday, 22ndJuly;Mon day, 6th October. v V-N,// ! '' We have received the Licensed Victuallers’ Almanac for 1873, published by Mason, .Firth), and;'.Co'.i'-Mel bourne. The almanac • contains a large quantity of statistical and other information of general interest, as well as “ The Publicans’ Legal Guide,” and other matter of special value to .licensed, victuallers. >- We (Hamilton Spectator) learn that the Marathon estate, comprising 14,000 acres of freehold land, has changed owners during the past week, at asatisfactory price, Mr Samuel Wilson, of the Wimmera, being the purchaser. _ „■ ,) „ „ ; , r \- 'W('Argut) understand from good authority that Sir George. Bowen will in a short, time go ; from Wel lington to Auckland, and after a brief stay there will proceed to Sydney. ' He will ‘remain in the neighbor ing colony Borne time; and probably make a few excur sions into the country. ' He will most likely arrive here and assume the government of this colony some time in March, so,as to become, somewhat acquainted with Victoria and Victorian institutions before the next meeting of Parliament. A note of a curious medical operation comes from, ,Hay. The Standard says:—“This week Dr, Gordon extracted the large blade of a pocket-knife from the head of a laboring man employed at Nap Nap. The man had been in a fray.-at Caledonia. Gully, Ballarat, some seventeen years ago, where knives were._froo)j used, and had one driven into -1.-*- i*-*—•* nuiu which , th. k.ojio bzvxe on;ieaving .toe blade under the skin, and partially embedded in the bone. Some seven’or eight years ago the part where the blade was lodged sloughed, and several pieces of bone came away; but since then it had' notmuch troubled him, until-yester day he went to. Dr Gordon,..whospeedily removed the cold steel, which he retains as curiosity. The man, in giving it to the doctor, said he was welcome, to it, as he had.carried it long enough.” ■ - . \- Miss Rose Evans appeared on Saturday night at the Theatre Royal as “Hamlet," and gave, we need hardly say) an intelligent inte’tprefatibn -df'.the part) We doriot like female Hamlets, and' Miss Evans does not remove our dislike. She was almost ' perfect in the text, but her elocution/'as' it ‘ always - is, was uneven. There was. much admirable emphasis, and much lack of .it, but.the whole renderiagtoad'the car dinal virtue of not being overdone.. If in any portion there:was too. much.violence it was'Where'Hamlet meets his mother in, her closet, and yet, some’excess of vigor apart, that..scene was admirable,\ahjl was perhaps the best in toe whole' play; -.Miss Evans did net get rid of herself or her audience,, and that-is only avoidable by the best artists. Her reception , was en thusiastic. ■ Miss Norman made an- excellehtOphelia, and sang very nicely as well. r Mr Holloway doubled as Ghost arid FirstActori, arid.was goffd > in’- both’' arid Mr West played King Claudius : very'well J.'lbp play was generally pretty, even; in ; its (representation, but we dp not wish to see it repeated, because, we fpel that “JHamlet” is above, the.iange of rnost ladies; and is a creation too great, -to. 'be'- satisfactorily' handled by a representative who cannot preserve the illusion essen-' tial to Buccess. This evening tho entertainments will consist of “The Victirii. of ; Circumstances’’ and a farce. . i v Bachelder’s entertainment:at the .Mechanics’ Insti tute was only moderately attended on Saturday, both in toe afternoon and everiing.;) The children of the Orphan Asylum- attended' the afternoon performance, and appeared to enjoy- the .panorama and canaries immensely. In.tho;-evening,‘Mr Bent; as usual, kept • the audience iri good humor from'the . cpmmencement' to the finish with his amusing"'arid’instructive lecture, while the trained canaries and Mr Saunders’ excellent' harp ; solos made; up one of the best entertainments, seen op Ballarat for a, long time past. . .The panorama, will open at’Geelong this'evening. -i .'‘Mr;Gtoper,toe l AmeHcMpjTOtechriist)'gave another! display of fireworks on the Eastern Oval on Saturday nfehtJiihe attendance was.very poor, .oTOig proba- night on whioli ifcwas given. The railway which'. on the previous display was 'crowded; was on Saturday night kept clear by two -poliee r cbnßtables; nevertheless, most of those outsme .the Oval could see almost as well as those ®‘ Owing to the small patronage afforded, Mr Cooper cud r'hot exhibit aR his -works, and this led to a rowdy demonstration by a lot of larrikins who were there. The B.C.C. had .nothing Jto do with the exhibition, except as claimants of £5 for the use of the Oval, which has not yet been received. Residence area and mine holders are invited to meet at the ’Alfred HaU this, evening to appoint delegates, to meet the , Minister of Lands on the questions at issue thereanent. • . / . . A meeting of the Caledonian Society is called for this.evening at the usual place. ; .. - The ordinary fortnightly, meeting of the dunes Borough Council takes place this afternoon. .’■ ... Bard well’s Art Union drawing will take place to morrow at'noon,: and tickets will not be, issued after 10 p.m. to- day. - ; 