THE STAGE. BY JACK 1'ONTr. In these days, when thelloyal s inhabited by a Japanese Troupe, and there is so little of interest in the theatrical line going , I think an abridged description, of thi "First Representation of Hamtet," many years ago, may be as interesting as anything " Jack Poyntz" may write this week. The title originally it seems was " Hamlet, or the Tragicall liistorie of the Prince of Denmnark," ,*,d- L..p: .........- natai~. ,ydLnth 01 nfa. c k..: friars Theatre in Playhouse Yard. One casr imagine, now in the year of grace (or dis grace in theatrical matters) 1873, the "first, night;" the hushed theatre; and atter tlihe soundings of the trumpet, the prologue being: spolken, and the curtain drawn aside (iastead. of up nowadays), when the opening lines of Hamlet were first spoken; the meagre scenery, if any at all, and the small play.. house. The following as far as is known, were the dramatis personwc:-JHamlet, Mr.. Taylor; Laortes, Mlr. Wilson; the Ghost,. Shaltspere. Taylor it seems was a "gracefub and silvery voiced player ;" so it seems the. part of the melancholy prince was played by no ranting or gruff actor. It is also related. how the Ghost, played by the talented author himself, created a profound sensation when lie exclaimed " Hamlet if ever thou didst thy dclear father: love;' and went on to tell the tale of his " foul un- natural murder." It appears the actor who. played the Queen (for all the players on the stage at this time were men) gave the least. satisfaction of all ; while all the actors in the. theatre, the narrator remarks, rushed to the wings to listen how Hamlet delivered for the first time tihe celebrated "advice to the players." Doubtless some excueo is to be made for the Queen., as it must have been very hard to get a mals actor to depict the character and passions of a woman. But Laertes, played by Wilson, did not give satisfaction, as it was o'erdone; and the maganiicont fencing in the last act it is re marked gave the gallants in the house great, pleasure and delight. How often has Ham let been played since then ! The followiing is from a veritable Ameriean paper, called the Courier. The superinten dent of the mine in question must be a man of delicate sympathies:--" The superinten. dent of the Mag Davis mine requests us to. state that the custom of pitching Chlinamen and Indians down the shbaft will have to be stopped, as lie has resumed work in the mine. The old well, back of Joe Bowman's, is just;. as good, and is more centrally located." Talking of the transatlantic press, it is saidi the following papers are now in existence: The .Pickaye ofl1i'eedom, the Coyote 2'Sapper,. the ,iecrra irecracker, thoe Dog Valley Howl, and the HanytoaowL Gibbet. The Gravel .Mill' tL'hunderbolt one would think would be also a. " striking " success. But perhaps our Ame rican cousins and ink-slingors are libelled by; these remarks. Clubs in Hawthorn have never been striking successes as a rule, and now the Football Club are about to have the worth of their £3 7s 6d in sports on the 15th of next month. The Governor I suppose will not be invited, as he did not stay out the whole programme of the University sports lately held. Perhaps the delightful and sensational feats of the sack and manx races obliged him to exclaim, "Pity the sorrows of a poor Governor?" and he left the scene. It appears that the Government of the German Empire has become alarmed at the success which has attended the efforts of the various emigration agents who have been labouring in that country. The Germanic authorities object to any portion of the popu- lation leaving the country, and have resolved upon adopting very high handed measures to prevent it. The British Government has been informed that for the future any emi- gration agents found inducing the people to leave Germany would be at once banished from that country. By the mail His Excel- lency the Governor received a despatch from home containing the above information. 