SUNDAY READING, Regeneration. Two distinct ideas are attached to the wore " Regeneration." It is used to designate tbat comprehensive social renovation after which patriotic politicians aspire ; it is also used foi that inward change of individual character which those who know themselves see to bc necessary. There is the regeneration of society, the re organisation of mankind nuder laws more just and beneficent than have ever been established, and there is the new birth of the individual man. In the Bible the word " Regeneration" oc curs only twice, and stands for these two ideas. In Mathew 19 : 28,-. the word .' regeneration'" stands for a reorganisation of human society more perfect than ever was dreamt of by any political theorist, it is used as the name of that coming " dispensation of :he fulness of times," when the Son of God will reign over all nations and kindreds and tongues. Under His d'-miniou all the evils which have tempted thoughtful and devout men iu every age to ask " wherefore hast thou made all men in vain r": will be banished from the earth. Oppression, injustice, falsehood, and vice, will be unknown. Of that millennial era Jesus spake, when He said-" Verily 1 say unto you that ye which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of His glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel." There will be a new birth of nations, a new life of mankind : " for the tabernacle of God will he with men, and He will dwell among them, aud they shall be His people, and God Himself will be with them and be their God." Then shall the earth yield her increase ; then bhall the blessed purpose for which God has created the earth, and placed man upon it, be manifested. The word " regeneration" is used in the per sonal sense in the other passage- Titus 3: 5 " According to His mercy He saved us, by the washing of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost, which he shed on us abundantly through Jesu3 Christ our Saviour." In thc chapter where these words occur the Apostle shows (1) thc need of regeneration; (2) the nature of thc change thus designated ; (3) the source ; (4) the channel by which the bles sing comes to us ; (5) the result. I. The need of regeneration is very plainly stated in the confession the Apostle makes con cerning what he was, before he received this blessing from God. And with himself he de scribes all of us, for all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God ; and this is the des cription ot* tho human race as we are by nature since thc fall of mau ; " We ourselves also were sometime foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving divers lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, hateful and hating one another." All the represen tations in Holy Writ of the state of man's soul, as it is without the renewing of the Holy Spirit, agree with this dar lr picture. " The heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do evil." And there is none that can justly look down upon tho multitude and say, "lam untainted by the corruption of heart which debases them." Those who are addressed in the Apostolic epistle, as " the saints, and the faithful in Christ," were by nature " the chil dren of wrath even as others *'-by nature prone to those sins against which the just wrath of God is revealed from heaven. In these statements concerning the sinfulness of human nature, and the guilt of human souls, there is ample proof of the necessity for re generation. And if any doubt remains it must surely be dispelled by thc word of the faithful and ttue witness, Jesus the Son of God, who said to Nicodemus-" Verily, verily, I say unto thee except a man bo born nguiu, he cannot see thc kingdom of God." To all to whom His divine words come ho proclaims the solemn truth, " Ye must be born again." II. As for the nature of this change it is described as " washing." So effectual is the work of God in cleansing the soul, that when David, the King of Israel, wits bowed down under thc self-condemnation consequent on his 'îi'imes, Vie was enabled to pray with con fidence-" Wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow.' And Ezekiel the prophet, thus records tho promise of God to bestow this grace upon His people : " Then will I sprinkle clean water upon you. and ye shall be clean ; from all your filthiness and from all your idols will I cleanse you ; a now hea.it also will I give you, ¡iud a nsw spirit will 1 put within you ; and 1 will take away the stony heart out of your flesh ; and I will give you a heart of flesh ; and I will put my Spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes, and ye shall keep my judgments aud do them." It is a fuming from sin unto God accom plished by His grace. Tims Jeremiah records thc prayer of repenting Ephraim-" Turn Thou me, and [ shall be turned.'' It is a divine healing and saving, as tho samo prophet teaches us to pray " heal thou me, and I shall be healed," and " save thou nie, and I shall be saved. ' It is a transforming of those who were by nature " children of wrath " fitted by thoir own sins for destruction, into vessels of mercy to be prepared, by tho mercy of God, for the glory of the ages to come, lt is the form ing of i.'hrist in the heart. " My dear children.'' said the Apostlo Paul to tho doubtful Christ ians in Galatia, "of whom I. travail in birth again, until Christ is formed in you." And to more thoroughly Christian people at Colosse he thus defined the " riches of the Glory" of the Gospel dispensation-"which is O br ist in yon, the hope of glory.'' .Again, regeneration is the setting a soul rig-lit in ail relations and dispositions. Sin has set mau wrong in every way,-wrong iu relation tu God, wrong in relation to fellow creatures, wrong in heart, in word, and in deed. Instead of being a trustful, blessed child of God, Lie bas be come a, stranger and un enemy te the Father of mercies. " Thine heart, ' ifc may be Raid to man, '. is not ri 'ht in the sight of God." The natural mind is " enmity against God." Hence the too common desire to forget God, to live iu the enjoyment of what the world u,ffords-" the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye, and the 'pride of life," without one disturbing thought of our responsibility to our maker and our judge. And being wrong in relation to God, failing to I derive from Heaven the grace be needs for earthly duty, man is unfitted for the rightexer ciso of his relations to his fellow creatures. The parent is neglectful, or harsh the child is disobedient and untruthful; thermistor j is oppressive, thc servant is unfaithful ; even the conjugal relation is embittered by unkind ness and contention. And society has ground of complaint against its members that justice and needful consideration are not observed by them. Now in regeneration man is, by the gracious hand of God, set right in all his re lations. Erst in his relation to God. he is pardoned, adopted as a child and heir of God ; thus lie is enabled to look up to God as his Father and his God. His heart ia made right; bis affections sire set right, bis relations to his fellow creatures arc set right. For God gives him grace to fulfil his duties, to discharge all his obligations. tn the regeneration of a soul, God manifests His power and goodness, by carrying ont what is to us the most intensely interesting part of the comprehensive work to which He has set His band, the work of rectifying the wrongs of the gtmiverse. He is the Almighty Rec tifier. And those who by His grace are made ¡ji'ight in heart and in relation to Him and to their fellow creatures, become thence forward instruments in his hand for carrying on the work of righteousness and peace. They are set, by Him who thus restores them to righteousness, in their right place in the battle of good against evil ; and will be upheld by him in the conflict, until the victory is won for ever. III. The source of this blessing is " thekind ness and love of God to man.'' The Lord is gracious and full of compassion, ready to for give, plenteous in mercy. And it is from His mercy alone, uot from any righteousness to be found in our works or ways, that our salvation comes. He is not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance. And in the riches of His grace, He gives freely ever lasting lite, and all the blessings of the new covenant. It is by the Holy Spirit that this new life is imparted,-"the renewiug of the Holy Ghost is shed forth abundantly." And of the spirit, whose pi'esence brings eternal blessedness, it is said in the promise of the Redeemer-" Tour Father who is in Heaven will give tbc Holy Spirit to them that ask Him." IV. QThese blessings come to us "through Jesus lirist our Saviour." He is the Way, the Tr tb, and the Life. Through Him come unto us the gifts of God. For our sins have sepa rated us from God, and. would for ever shut us out from receiving the heavenly gifts; but " He w.is wounded for our transgressions, He was braised for our iniquities, and with His stripes we are healed, Through His sufferings and death, joy and life are freely given unto us. He Avas delivered from our ofiences ;-Ho rose again for otu* justification; Ho ever lives to intercede for us. V. The result is that " being justified by His grace we are made heirs, according to the promise, of eternal life.'' Those who are born again, are boru heirs of an inheritance incor ruptible, undefiled, and that fadeth not away. In this pilgrimage, though the outer man perish, thc inuer mau is renewed day by day, tribulations may abound, but the consolations of Christ much more abound. And there re mains, amid all changes and all sorrow's, tlu3 blessed hope,-a bright light in the foreground to which they are drawing nearer every day that when Christ shall appear, " we shall be like Him, for we shall see Him as Vie is.'' And with this personal hope, the most delightful that ever entered the mind of any man-to ¡see Jesus, to be made like Eiiu, to be with Him for over,-there is the joyful expectation of the liege ne ration of the coming dispensation of tho fulness of times, when tho kingdoms of this world shall have become tho kingdom of our Lord and of his Christ; when Jesus shall reign whero'or tho sun Doth his sueoussivo journeys run ; His kiug.loiu stretuh from shore to shore, Till moona shall wax and wane no more, Truly this word " regeneration" is one worthy of our most intense thought. May you, reader, boa partaker nf the blessings of the inward change wrought by tho Spirit of God ; and then you will surely be a sharer of the glory and joy of the 'coming era of Regenera tion, when the Sou of man shall sit on his throne of glory. A. daring net of thieving occurred on Satur lay nfiei'iinoii, alunit r> o'olnok. A ni mi untiled Collins walked uto ii imvii olllco kept hy a Mrs. ltmniey, at. tho bottom of Kiutî-itrm't, and didllioruti ly tunk a ivnt. hinging In tho simp, I'u'.rliig it, under his arm, bu walked out, but was (illicitly fol owed tty n wamali living on the promise^, und tito coat, talion 'oin lum. in torin allon was ar, once given to tho police, who nenin I lilin shortly nl'ier the noenrri'iirp. 