TEMPERANCE. AUCHBISHOP MANNING'S PASTORAL ON INrEMPERANCE. The following extract from the Pastoral Letter from Archbishop Manning is pertinent and worthy of notice : — ' You will sanctify this' day, the eve of St. Patrick, and to morrow, so far as is in your power, by the devotion and piety which are the mark of his faithful children. We pray you with all the affection of our heart to let your example and your conduct show the love and iha honour von bear to your spiritual father. It is our intention, on Monday, the 24th, which is the octave-day of St. Patrick, to hold in the -evening a public meeting1, and to found an RpROfifttinn. in union with the ftpsfip.ifltinnfi in T.i\r* rnnnl nnd Birmingham, for the suppression of an evil which must be confessed to be the most scandalous sin and glaring shame of our country — we mean the abuse of drink. We do not say drunkenness, because many abuse intoxicating drink without ever being detected .in drunkenness. It is an abuse which is to be found in every class, from the highest to the lowest ; it is not the shame of the poor only, but of the rich also. It has heen gaining stealthily upon every class. In the most refined and unsuspected form, it has crept into houses, and enslaved, men, women, and even children, of .every condition of birth, culture, refinement and rank. For this cause the clergy of the diocese twice in the year will bring before the conscience of all our flock the use and abuse of the good creatures of God. They will remind all men of the Apostle's words, ' Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever -else you do, do all to the glory of God' (2 Cor. x. 31). There is a right aod a wrong in the use of our daily food. Gluttony and drunkenness are not the only sins of abuse in this matter. - Food and drink are given for life, health, thankfulness. Sobriety and temperance are fruits of the Holy Ghost. We must preach for these, as well as against excess. We jieeu \A- uuias iu uur&tsivtai; uuu iu uuicrs uxiuer our cuorge the graceful and salutary laws of moderation. All heads of households, all fathers and mothers, are bound to be temperate, not only for their own sakes, but for the sake of all about them. If they be temperate, there will be few under their roof who will not be temperate also. If the high, and refined, and educated would set this exemplary Christian sobriety clearly and broadly before all classes, there would be less excess in those below them. Therefore, beloved children in Jesus Christ, do not think that our exhortations of next Sunday apply only to those whose sin and shame are open and notorious. If all were temperate, and if all the temperate would join together in a league of prayer and manifest example, there would be fewer drunk ards among the poor; fewer homes wrecked, fewer, eoals lost, under our very eyes. Next Sunday, therefore, you will be exhorted to associate yourselves in prayer, and in the exercise of all the influence you can command, both by word and by example, to repress an evil, which, partly from, over-free eocial habits, partly from an unguarded custom, has been growing even in the upper classes ; and still more, from our inconsiderate commercial legislation, has covered , the three kingdoms to such an extent with the temptations and occasions of excess, as to threaten to undermine the domestic life and tbe morality of our people. The meeting of tbe 24th is for the purpose of uniting all classes in this common effort against our common danger. We therefore earnestly invite you, dear children, of all grades and classes - of society to attend it. Tickets will be distributed to you by the clergy, specifying both the time and tke place of the meeting. Let no one think that he is beyond the reach ef this invitation. You are all bound by the vows of your baptism to temperance. Many by their own free will have chosen, to abstain altogether from the use of intoxicating drink. They have chosen it as safer for themselves, and for many it is the only way of safety. So.me, again, choose .'total abstinence that they may help others, by their example, by their prayers, by their self-deaial, to overcome temptation. Many a mother, wife, and sister, who have never been guilty of the least excess, are now denying themselves that they may suBtain the perseverance of fathers, husbands, and sons. Even little children have finis 'been the means of reclaiming souls from drunkenness.' 