Ulis^llaiwoua. THE FORSAKEN—A. LOVE STOBY. HE said that 1 was beautiful. I know that I was fair; my ekin waB soft as silk and white as ivory. Wherever 1 ought to have been taper I was taper ; whatever I ought to have been plump I was plump. 'Twas' in the shop that first we met. He made no effort to coaeaal his admiration, tie praised me with a lavish tongue, and' called me " very dear.'' Prom that mo. ment, for many many months, we were inseparable. I was his only care. Again and again would he gaze with indescriable fondess upon my glossy skin and graceful symmeterv then press me to his lips. His touch* was tenderness itself; and when an accidental scratch for but' one day marred my beauty, bid gentle solicitude knew no bounds'. At night I rested on a velvet couch; each day, wherever he went, I was his companion ; and when all other pleasures failed and other frieiids proved faithless to me be turned and never once in vain, for comfort and for solace. Oh, could this but have been my lut for ever I Alas ! one day, and in the public 6treet, he dropped me ! I never was the same to him again. The shock wad 1 too great; I was broken— shattered ; and though he strove afterwards to atone for his cruelty ; though he treated me with tenderness' and loaded me with silver, tbe light of others days' had faded ; he stroVe to love me as of yore, but strove in vain. I was unpaltablie to him—distasteful ; and now a mere wreck of wbat 1 was, X lie' ueglected—a broken meerschaum pipe I DtoHrHEBU.—Whatever may be the nature of the virus which produces diptheria (writes tbe Ballarat Star), ii appears to be communicable by inoculation. In the recent outbreak of the disease at Alfredton, two persons were seriously affected by handling clutbes upon which some of the diseased children bad expectorated. One, the eldest daughter, washed some of tbe clothes used by adeceased child, and whilst doing so the virus was communicated to her blood through a wound in the hand in a short time a pustule arose, and a' mark spread up her arm, and aflterwards symptoms of diphtheria developed themselves. Happily, she was not virulently attacked, and has recovered. A neighbour who yisited the sick family was attacked in a similar manner,although the diphtheria symptons were Lot fully developed. These facts may, possibly have some useful bearing upon the nature and treatment of this mysterious and fatal disease- ' BLUE G CM LEAVES FOE DVSEHTBY.—A Writer to the Queen&lander; says :—" For many years past tbe leaves of the blue gum have proved sn unfailing temedy to myself and family, as well as scores of others. I use it in ;he form of a decoction ; half a dozen fresh leaves ore allowed to simmer in a pint of water till the quantity be reduced to one half. It is then carefully strained through a fine cloth and slightly sweetened to make it more palatable. The dose for an adult is, half a wine glass three or four times a day ; for a child, a teabpoonful every three hours. Siach « remedy as this may be of considerable service in the bush, or where medical skill is unattainable. It is sad to bear of so many persoas enduring protected suffering and frequently succumbing to these distressing complaints; when' a remedy so sure, simple and efficacioas can be so easily obtained. A LIB.—When tbe world has once got hold of a lie, it is astonishing how hard it is to get it out of the world, ten beat it about the head till it eeems to have iftn up the ghost, and, lo! the next day isag healthy as eyer DISCOVEBT OF TEEABUBE.—The Timet of India fiays.—" Some coolies, when working lately on a canal-cutting in the Tinnivelly district, came upon a large hoard of treasure The coolies, twenty-four in number, said nothing of their luck, and divided the trove among them. But a coin] found its way into the bazaar, and attracting notice, the whole affair came out, and from one coolie upwards of 6000 rupees were recovered. Supposing the treasure to have been equally divided, this gives a total of a lakh and a half. It is. however, supposed that the real value of the find was nearer three lakhs.' TOE BOTHBCHILDS — An English journal stateB that the only son and heir of the Vienna Bothschild branch has just married a daughter of tbe Archduke Bainer, and hBB changed his faith for herB. Tbe father who is very ill, has been much annoyed by the affair, as it is the first instance m which a Bothschild bas forsaken the old faith of the Hebrew race. POST-OFFICES AHD TELEGRAPHS.— Tbe report of the Victorian Post-Office and Telegraph department for 1872 has just been--laid before Parliament. The gross expenditure of tbe department on account of tbe year was £292,623 or £27,498 in excess of the previous year. The total receipts were £184,309, which, after deducting £47,125 for steam postal communication with Great Britain, still leaves a deficiency of £37,184. The number of telegrams in 1872 was 639,960, against 300,919 in 1869, the year before the reduction of the rates. The letters transmitted through Post Office in 1872 amounted to 12,941,095, tbe newspapers to 5,490,772, ani the packets to 556,486. On telegraphic communication with Europe and the East, the Deputj- Postmastor- General says:—"With the exception of a few Bbort interruptions in that direction in the water-line, tbe communication bas been satisfactorily maintained. This is no news to any of us) but must still be gratifying especially to South Australia, after all the expense she has been put to." Again, the Deputy Postmaster* General says:—" Judging from the nutnber of messages that have passed oyer the British and Australian lines up to the end of the year, the value of the Australian business man be set down at about £80,000 per annum, nearly one-half of which is con'-* tributed by Victoria." The total number of depositors in the Post-office Savings Banks on the 31st of December, 1872, was 30,128, the total amount of balances £543,430, and the average balance to each depositor £18. Ex CONSUL CAINE.—Mr. G. W. Cainu, late Consul at Hankow, and who was recently committed to gaol by the Water Police Bench for stealing money entrusted to his care while at Hankow,' left in the Northampton for Shanghai, in charge of Detective Shipling, who was sent to Sydney especially lo give evidence against him. MrB Caine and eight children came out in the Northampton on her last trip to join the defendant, and they will return to Shanghai in the same vessel with him. PPBE BBEEDING.—Mr. Bayly* of Mudgee, has gained the honour of having made sb far as we know, the highest price ever brought by a colociol-bred ram. Be lately sold two ramB to a Victorian breeder—one for 300 guineas, the other 160 guineas. They are to be forwarded oyer land, and with such care that the cost of the transaction on their delivery at Melbourne will not be much less . then £1000 to tbe purchaser. STOLEN BULLOCKS.—We find the follow' ing in tha Hobart Town Mercury :—" From information received by the local police authorities to the effect that two stolen bullocks bad been sold to tbe paymaster of H. I. M. S. Garibaldi on the date of her sailing from Port Phillip for this colony tbe vessel soon after her arrival in the Derwent, was boaided by C. D: C. Propst ing and D. C. Maguire. The police were not fortunate enough to recover the stolen property, for upon the voyage tbe bullocks were cdnverted into food for the Boyal Duke and those on board. One of the hides' bad been washed overboard and only obe could be handed over to tbe police, by whom it was removed for the purpose of being forwarded to Melbourne to be produced at the trial of the person or persons implicated." OUTHAGE.—A telegram to the Argus states that a singular shooting case "was heard at the Police Court Warrnambool John Frederick Fulford aged fifty-two, was charged with ehootiug at Catherine Mickle with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Defendant had been employed BB baker by Mra. Mickle, a widow, and she having declined an offer to marriage from Fulford, he procured a revolver, with two chambers loaded. He presented the pistol at Mrs. Miekle, who swooned. At tbe same instant he fired, and the bullet entered tbe floor. Mrs. Mickle ehortly alterwarde recovered. Fulford had been recently intoxicated. CABDB AT TBE LEVEE.—Some of tbe gentlemen who present themselves before the Governor on the Queen's Birthday (says the Argut) display very bad taste, by handing in cards which seem to have been prepared to answer the purposes of advertisements. Officers in volunteer corps enter into most minute particulars, aud the information which they thrust upoc the aidede-camp iB only equalled in completeness by that which is afforded by persons who at one time of toeir life have been in the Imperial service. Many take the trouble to wiite their addresses at full length after tbe names. What benefit they expect' to denye therefrom cannot readily be imagined. The card of one gentleman—a Volunteer officer—contained four lines of print. But these instances lead up to a flagrant case. Am individual—it would be absurd to aay gentleman, for he does not pretend to be one—tendered a-business card,—such a card in fact, as tradesmen distribute amongst their customers. It set fourth the occupation he followed—not a very noble one—and told the terms on which money could be jent and old clothes purchased. Then again, as to the matter of costumes, tbe concession which waa made to gentlemeh who would have been prevented from attending if evening dress had; been' irsteted upon, safely WBB not ment Jot personrcharged with the presSnUtioriof an addKss. ELASTIC VABSISB TOR SHOES.—The Manufacturer and Builder gives this recipe :—Tbreo lbs. of rainwater are placed iu a pot over tbe fire, and when well boiling there are added 4 oz. white pulverised wax, 1 oz. clear transparent glue in smallpieces, 2 oz. pulverised gum Senega 1 , 2 oz. white soap scraped fine, 2 oz. brown pulverised sugar ; the ingredients arc placed in one by one, and every time stirred up ; it is well to take the pot from the fire when every time a subetance ie added, to prevent boiling over ; when all is added the pot is removed from the fire when sufficiently cooled, 3 oz. alcohol are added, aud finally 3 oz. fine Frankfort black, well incorporated by continued stirring. This varnish is put on tbe leather with a brush, aud ie very valuable for boots and BIIOOB, NS it cau be afterwards polished with a large brush like ordinary eLoeblacking shoes a high polish, and does not soil the clothing. LIVEBPOOL ASYLUM.—Her Majesty's Birthday was kept up at this institution by 641 .ntimatea, who wer6 provided by the Board with an excellent dinner, consintiug of roast beef, plum pudding, and balicu potatoes, with a glass or ale. The large mess-room was tsatefuJly dccoratod with evergreens. Grace having been said by the Rev. C. D. Priddle, the usual lojcl toasts wore proposed, and responded to by hearty cheers. A!i cppoarec to be highly gratifi«d, and cspresEec their thanks to the Board for the kindness iliown to them, THE HON. MEMBER FOB OBAKOK HIS ACHIEYEMEKIH—The Tass Courier in commenting upon Mr. Nelson's success in obtaining grants of mor.ey for the improvements of his eloctorate observes :— " If every one of the seventy-two members of the Assembly had been equally importunate and succcssful a caterer for local purposes, it would have called forth a Icetle freBh taxation for the sum required would bavebcen exactly £21,105,800. LTIKO IN EXCELCIB.—The Cumberland Times of Saturday Just is responsible for the following bit of Americanism., We think, however, that the Times would IOBO the bet about the worst paper, and we refer the editor to an ; advertisemeut in tbe same issue in favour of Mr. Mason's candidature :—The Cumberland Mercury was announced ih yesterday's HerctU, as being the " best advertising medium in the country, it having the largest circulation of any country newspaper." We are open to bet anv sporting gertlernen a sum of £10 that the Cumberland Mercury iB the worst read, the worst printed, and has tbe smallest circulation of any existing journal in the British dominions, we would have said English language, only it is never written in English. We will also bet that its Editor is the greatest fool existing outside a lunatic asylum ; and as for truthfulness, idiots of course are not responsible for either their words or actions! OHILDBEX'S BALL.—On Saturday afternoon (sayB the Advertiser) the two bell- »en of Wagga perambulated tbe streets, and announced with the customary flourishes, that the OddfelloMS, whoaebatl took place on the previous evening, invited all the children of Wagga to dance in the Masonic Hall. The notice was short, perhaps, but it was welcome, and had the effect of bringing together about two hundred of the little folks who looked remarkably gay, and who thoroughly appreciated the kindness intended for them. ACOUSTIC APPABATUS IN CHUECHEB.— An acoustic apparatus has for a few montbB been in use in Sr. Stephen's Church, Macquarie- street, by meaBB of which persons of impaired bearing are brought into close communication with the officiating clergyman, and enabled to listen with intelligence to the seryice- The apparatus is similar in principle to what has been long used in laige places of business, but specially adapted to continuous hearing- It consists of gutta-percba tubing terminating at the pulput desk, directly under the preacher's voice in an elongated trumpet about two inches wide. It is. completely concealed froutheeyes of the congregation. The tube passes under the flbor of the church and 16 brought up in a flexible end for insertion :n the ear. The consequence is that tbe person heats as well au if the clergyman were speaking in his ear. The tube has been tried by several persons in the city afflicted with partial deafness, and invariably with the happiest results. Only one flexible joining is affixed to tbe tube in St. Stephen's, but any number could be added. Tbe gutta percha tube is admirably adapted for the conduct of sound in this way, and has been applied to many churches in England. The coat is comparatively small while the benefit to such as bave au infirmity of hearing is very great. Tbe apparatus was purchased in London by Mr. Alexander Dean on his late visit, and by him generously fitted up and presented to the church aa a token of reBpect for the Bev. Dr. Steel.— &. JL. Herald How FAR WE SEE.—Herschel was of the opinion- that, with the telcscope he used in those researches in tje heavens which immortalized hiB name in the anuaisof science, he could penetrate 497 times further then Sirius, iisaumed to be at least so far distant that the eun is near at hand is comparison. While exploring with that instrument, 116,000 stars flitted by the object-glass in one quarter of an hour, and that subtended an angle of only 15 degrees. So the worlds are moving rap.iply in space. Beckoning from the limited zone thus inspected the whole celestrial region coald be examined by giving time enough to the enterprise; and judging from a few sections only writhen the scope of assisted vision, more then live billions of fixed stars might be reasonably supposed to be recognisable and could be seen with modern improved instruments. But more are beyond vastly beyond, and Re are hoping and exis ting says the Scientific American that when Mr. Clark, the eelf made astronomer of Cambridge, Mass, and the most progressive telescope mauufocturer now known to scientists has complete j his great work far more amazing discoveries will be made in the firmament. Surely, the mechanism of the heavens demonstrates the existence of an Intelligent First Cause, since euch magnificent displays of unnumbered worlds regulated by lavs which secure order in tbe universe, could not have originated themselves. God surely reigns and directs. HIDDEN- FAULTS.—A K fault hiden encourages you to' commit others. ' Would ,t not l be better to discovered ?• BICII AS EVEB,—Krohmann G.M. Coi— The mining manager reports,' under date 28th May, as follows :—" Finished crushing 53 tons 15 cwt. yielding 5310 oz. £ dwtfi 12 grs. The specimens that were at tbe Exhibition bave still to be crushed, and' also the tailings from the good stuff have to be put through the EerdnriB which will' make tbe yield some two or three hundred* ounces more. THE SUEZ MAIL SEBYICB.—The following jaunty it appears in the Argus of Thura. day :—" Bather an amusing telegram was received by the Government yesterday, from the Chief Secretary of South Australia, Sir Henry Ayere. Sir Henry wishes to know whether—in consequence of the last determination of the Imperial Government, commnqpicated by telegram from the Earl of Kimberley—Victoria intends to carry out tbo arrangement arrived at by the delegates of the several colonic? at the INtercolonial Conference. Sorely Sir Henry must have forgotten that,' in bis lnsfc despatch, in which ho accepted tbe previous proponal of the Lome authorities for tbo continuance oi the present (service of this ?. and O. Company, he intimated that hr would prefer the sorvico should be coni Hnuod for three years, as he thought thai ' pariod would be necessary to make arrangej uiontg for another permanent service, j UuJ c- theco circumstances it doss not i look weii tor him to be ill' a hurry. Wi j are afraid Sir Henry has slightly burnt his fingcre. He may, however, be assurd that the arrangement will De carrird out—with a differeuee. That difference, through Sir Henry'? indiscretion, may coBt South Australia' £10,000 » year. TIOHT BOOTS AHD WEAK EYES.—TheTv. is something aftor all in the notion and belisf of our lady fiiends, that tight bootc produce weal: oyos. SiDCO the new-fashioned boot uiado tor, and worn by ladies' ban come into use, w6 have been consulted iu various instances for a weakness of visiou aud a stiffness about tbe ocular apparatus, which we found at first difficulty m accounting for, since we were unable' to detect any abnormal condition of the eye to cause this disordered versioD, or to trace' any constitutional disturbance likely to provoke functional phenomena. However disposed our fashionable ladies may be tc wear the high built conical-shaped heeled boot of the period with narrow toes and light top soleB, which throws tbe foot so prominently forward, and tends to compree; it in a ghape which the boot-closer narrowly limits, this we tell thein in the hour of splendour and fashion, that the localised pain suffered from compression oi tbe boot and the consequent production of come and bunions and distorted toes, so patiently endured in the self-sacrifice to outward sbow, are nothing compared to other symptoms which undue and perBlstont pressure provokes, and which may be readily recognised in the unsteady bashful look about the eyes, the perpetual winking of the lids, and the contracted brow, sc pathogomic of approaching weakened of sight—the asthenopia of the oculist; while we remind them Proper tius haB written oculi sunt in amorc daces, and we now teach them that, at the expense of a neat foot, they must not injure their eye-sight.— Doctors mi Patients. SMART CLEANING—Tuesday's Herald says : The two one-horse street scrapers imported by the Municipal Council of Sydney were used for the first time on Monday, the 26th instant, under the suporyisioh of Inspector Seymour, in the' presence of bis Worship the Mayor, several of the Aldermen, and many of the citizens. The machine worked admirably and success.' fully, and got through the undermentioned amoimt of work in six hours,—George-stre6t, from' Batburst- sircet, to Hunter-street ; King-steet, from York-street to Pitt-street j' Pa'rramatta-street, from Begent-street to Abercrombie-street Pitt-street, from Market street to Hunter-street; and Hunter-street from Pitt-street to' George- street. The cost of the above described work was 12s. The same amount of hand labour which would take two days to' perform, would : cost £9 7s 6d. It is '.the intention of the Muncicpal, Council of Sydney to procure' four more of these valuable machines so that all, the thoroughfaes of Sydney can be kpet clean during wot weather, the' cleaning process to commence at 4 a.m. and close at 9 a m'. THE BOBDEB CUSTOMS CONVENTION.— A telegram frot£ Wodonga to the Argus itates that a meeting of traders' aud others' was held at the Border Hotel in tbe above town, to consider the poistion iu which they were placed bv the convention entered into between the Victorian and New South Wales Governments regarding the Border duties, Resolutions were parsed expressing strong disapproval of the course adopted by Mr. Francis in not having insieted on the addition of the 10th clauue providing for tbe collecitioa of differential duties. The opinion was expressed by tbe speakers that tbe trade of the Victorian Border towns will be ruined, as the New South Wales traders get their gooda in bond aud send them into Victoria, having paid lesser duties, amounting iu some camF; to 15 per cent, Mr. John Orr addressed the meeting, and said the only remedy would be an assimilation of tbe tariffs Tbe bonds formerly entered into were unI worth the paper they were written on. It was decided to hold a conference of delegates fron the various Border towns, to briog influence to beat on the Government to have differential duties collected. A GOOD MEMOBT.—A simple HighlmU girl called upon au old master with whom sbe had formerly served. Being kindly in-' vited by him to share in the family dinner, and tbe usual ceremony of asking a blessing having been gone through, the girl, anxious to compliment her host, exclaimed, " Ah, master, ye maum baye a grand memory, for that's the grace ye had when I was wi' ye three years ago." HOLLOWAV'S OlNTilEKT AMD PllLS Unseenilr Eruption*.—No means btretofore discovered are ^ competent to cope with and conqner all blemigtae?, ttoils, '-rup tlons,iei)ne>s and roughnerB of the skin, as thene rdebrotetl mediramtnts, which 10 to praised, need cr.lf . to be known. Hollowaf's lemedies cool the system, rejoltte the circulation, an4BO thoroughly purity the whole body, that whatever H hurtful most inevitably be swept away,'and be succeeded by healthy tftrttdatcs, wbieh-afobe can be denied from i icti ink pure blood. Tbe ccsmetic virtues of this nngnent hive bettL long appreciated ; no toilet-table ie well appointed which Igilf. its presence.' it soolhre and cleansos the met fine Afid tender xtJns, and when asisted by HOUOWIJ'E PFUE, Is the oust mldAMe trraofinf.—ADV. 