Our Society. Mr Chairman and gentlemen, do not, I pray, With harsh critioisms come down on my lay ; They deserve to he harsh, I admit, but, in pity, Excuse all shortcomings observed in my ditty. My subject's a wide one ; indeed it's so wide That where to begin I find hard to deride ; But at length I've concluded, without fear of sinning, . To begin, ab initio, that's "From the begin ning." You perhaps did not know I was master of Latin, Tho' a classical chair I confess I ne'er sat in ; But a method I've hit on to quote with pro priety. "What method?" you ask: .Why; I joined this Society. . . ." T'was established, as most of you know, to the end That one to the other assistance might lend In the study of rhetoric, words, composition, And each member be fired with a noble am bition. To walk in the footsteps of those mighty men, Who, with equal success, use their tongue or their pen ; The cause they espouse it is vain to assail ; Let me instance a "Bismarck," a " Glnd- . stone," a " Yale." We're- produced neither "Bismarck" nor " Gladstone-" as yet ; Should we turn out a "Yale," 'twould be cause for regret, As howsoe'er brightly his talenis might shine, They might "veil," but tbey could not extinguish, the swine. So much for preamble, now briefly I'il try- To give a short sketch of our past history ; We've successfully passed thro' our babyhood stage, And, I think, may be termed a fine child of our age. Indeed, though so youug, when some children cnu't walk, You will scarcely believe we're commencing to talk, And can use some big words, too, jawbreakers they're termed ; J-VU ju.ou ccc uui uiujuicS) ail lcau uuu confirmed. If yon did, I feel sure you would shortly be seen Consulting your lexicon, "What can this mean ?" What dreadful long words, and the style how- oracular, If he would but confine himself to the vernacular! But tho' some might find fault with such tall phraseology, They are far from requiring the slightest apology ; They are truthful and forcible, pointed and clear, Alternately lively, grave, gay, and severe. Our president gave us the opening address, And all those who know him will easily guess Its sterling good quality, pure gold from the mint, Aud deserving a wide circulation in print. Next week we launched out in another direc tion ; Our " Yice" gave an essay on " Social Affec tion," And he dived down so deep, as you know he is prone. Till he got out of our depth, and I may add, his own. The following night, Mr A. Stewart lending, Was occupied by, recitation and reading ; You will never forget how our feelings were torn, By the statement that " Man was intended to Mourn." But of course I can't give a recapitulation Of all our discussions, essays, aud conversa tion ; A group they'd present of the strangest diver sity, ' Some suggestive of workshop, and some uni versity. We must not forget to record in. our annals, That a visit was paid us (although by what chauuels He reached us, and left a'l his kindred at Cairo, Throwing off for the time his allegiance to Pharaoh. I pretend not to say, hut an aucieut Egyptian Who I'm told (by the way) never paid his subscription. — Came into our midst. There was nothing ethereal Or ghost- ike about him ; all solid material. As he seemed rather bashful, we strove to embolden, But no donbt he remembered that " silence ; is golden ;" And although cross-examined at length, 'twas no use, He was hopelessly stupid, deaf, dumb and obtuse. Then Capital .Punishment came on the board, And some were for putting an end to the cord, Thought the system had failed, and advised abolition, But this view met with strong aud deserved opposition. Our criminal classes would joyfully hail Such a law, which provides nothing more than a gaol For the'foulest of murder3 ; 'twould be hut a tiny cure, And would make Mr Bamford's appointment 'a sinecure. The foil&wing; night a discussion began, . Which enjoys the more happiness, civilize! man . . Or.his untutored brother, who lives by the ' - rules Which ;nre taught him by nature, not learnt in the schools? . :A debate on the Devil was warmly engaged in, And a war (of words only) most strenuously waged, in Defence of the Press, whioh with. steam was competing, ' : . " Bnt steam gained the da j by the vote of the meeting. X must really stop here, tho' iny task is not Please to pick out the wheat which so largely is blended ' . With very much chaff. Now I close my effusion, And come (or more justly) jump to a conclu- A. L. June 14tb, 1873. The following is the wording of the address presented to Mr Charles Thorpe :— " To Mr Charles Thorpe.— Dear Sir,— In view of your contemplated early departure from our midst, we, the members of the Beechworth Young Men's Christian Associa tion desire hereby to convey to you our high appreciation of your services as our secretary since its formation. We do not forget that it was mainly owing to your efforts that this society was founded, and now that it has existed fo nearly twelve months, although its progress may not have equalled our hopes, yet in the vitality in has preserved, we feel there is promise of usefulness for the future, and in the retrospect of its p-occodings j during the past year, we can besr oui L-s.i- uiony to the mingled p!e»'«e P W1 1 have derived from attendance at its meetings. It is but just to notice the unflagging zeal you have shown, and the readiness with which you have taken, even more than your share of the work involved, and it is some little pleasure for us to remember that in those records you have from time to time made, we have not only a vivid portraiture and keen analysis of what was said, but we preserve remains of your literary skill and attainment. The regret we feel at your loss, yields to con gratulation as we remember that this change means your temporal gain, and in saying good-bye, we would express the hope that all efforts of a similar character to this which you may make in your new sphere may bo crowned with cheering success. For you and yours we desire health and prosperity, and praying that your course may witness to both moral and spiritual growth, — We remain, Yours faithfully (on behalf of the Members), Thos. Laver, President." 