AUNT GAMALIEL- K TRUE NARRATIVE. ( Concluded. J Some years had elapsed since my father's funeral. My aunt kept her word and never visited any of us. was alone onp winter evening with my two younger sisters iu our silt in-; room at home. We had finished sup per, and had been sitting over the lire chatting until, ordinary subjects lioiii£ exhausted, I amused my so 11 by drawing on my,imagination for superliadiral stories, and then enjoying the nervous terror they produced on illy sisters' minds. This went on until bey bad hushed their voices- to a whispor,- until they looked . at each "ther witlr white and uifitious face t every sound, the.\viiid made as it attled the casement, or swept up the ardet) .path to shake the tall acacias gainst the window-pine- I laughed t them for the foolish tjtucies'J Jiad used, and sought to 'dispel their loom as they huddled up closer to ic, by bantering their fears and in ulging in boisterous oiirth. But it hard work being noisily merry by ourself when your companions will ot join your humour. 1 found the ort very depressing, and though Ithcr timid nor nervous. I must mit my solitary laugh began to -und so artificial that I gave it up. "d gradually relapsed into a quieter tie. For some time wc had been taring at the fire, with nothing to 'rcak the silence but the ticking ol' ic clock iu the hall. "Hush, Rachel," said my youngt sister to mc, " I hear something (lie passage *• No doubt it ji^.piic of my ghosts, -ar," 1 said reassuringly, " or the t, perhaps.'' Tap- tap, at the door of our room." : Oh, Rachel, don't mock,"' they id. " You don't kuow what it may ' Certainly not, but we will see. ~uic in,*' I said, cheerfully enough After some minutes of mute cxctation, during which no on oke, I was beginning to rally theni ain on their fears. Tap-lap, again at the door. There s no mistake about it. "Come in," 1 called, louder than fore. No one entered. My sisters were visibly agitatedost patience with them. "Don't be so silly, children," I id. " I will go to the door and see io it is if the rap is repeated. It ast be some one : very deaf, at all ents " Tap-tap, again, quicker than fore, as if in impatience, " Don't go, Rachel," cried my sisclinging to inc. ; < Nonsense," lsaid, throwing open door and looking out. No one there. " Some silly trick," I .ught; it.can't be the servant, she one to bed, I know, walked along tbe dark passage, as empty. But as I came to the end I was aware of something ilween me and the wall, and I saw ntly, and as it were in a mist, what -med to be the folds of a stuff 1 felt them brush past my ck, although I knew there was sitively no room for anything to ss between me and the wall I waS uchiug. I tried to grasp the folds) t my hand closed on air, and a g, sighing draught went past me. tbe same moment I had a vague pressioh' of jmy aunt's presence, ich I cannot more definitely scribe. Returning to the room, a tie pale perhaps, my sisters eagerly ked-— ' Rachel, how white you are. hat have you seen 1" " Nothing, girls', only the clock, and that is at nearly twelve, and quite bed-time." So, rclusing them any further explanation, 1 led them up s.airs; but they were so uervous that i hud to make up a bed for them in my room that night. I have told all 1 smv with scrupulous exactness. By a very little exaggeration I might have made an approved ghost story of it { but, as I have said, I do not believe in ghosts, and, therelbre, prelier to confine mysell to literal truth. It is a tact that my auut Gamaliel was stricken with bliudnuss that night. i have seen my aunt but once since that time, when I visited her at her o,wn ,bouse. She refused my proffered synip itliy and geuuinc condolence. She accused ine ol li iving brought her blindness upon her, and in the uameofthe " Keytef Myrecreo"' vowed that, if permitted, her spirit should trouble me after her death. She is living still, and will not allow her mind to be disabused of the idea that I. have blighted bcr sight. So that there is a prospect before me of seeing a real ghost one of these days. If 1 do, I will let you know. 