THE STORY-TELLER. MY KATE. (From Bow Bells.) KATE and I were carrying on a charming flirtation, and I hardly know which enjoyed it most. I was fresh, from college, and whatever I had not acquired at that classic emporium, I certainly had learned one thing by heart. This was, a firm conviction of my extraordinary merits, mental, moral, and physical. With a knowledge of woman drawn from the recondite volumes which form the standard library of masculine youth, I felt that I knew the sex as thoroughly as I knew the Greek alphabet; and not to be pungently unpleasant, I thought I had only to be associated with the fair but inferior creatures in order to have them, like it, at my fingers' ends. Kate was my first conquest, and a very fair one she was. A cynical philosopher has ungallantly divided young womanhood into two classes ; cotton-girls, and girls who are cotton. Kate was not a cotton girl. On the contrary, she was an assemblage of fluctuant curves, warm tints, velvety softness, eye-gleams, dimples, and delight generally. Kate seemed seventeen. I have reason to believe she was somewhat older. What a dear little ignorant thing she was ! It was a positive pleasure to enlighten her understanding, and pour into her unformed but enquiring mind the rich stores of my academic learning. A mutual pleasure, for the dear girl was never weary of drawing me out, and making me, as she innocently termed it, show all that I knew. My enjoyment of the showing process was somewhat paled by hearing, after I had indulged in a magnificent burst of impassioned eloquence, as we sat in the starlight porch, the ghost of what schoolboys call a " snigger." Not from Kate, dear child! She was gazing up into my face, as a neophyte may look upon a master. No, Kate did not laugh. May be, nobody did ; but the impression that somebody had, and that the somebody was seated in the drawing- room, was disagreeably acute, and it was accompanied by that peculiar sensation best expressed by the significant word " chaffing." There was no one in the room but Mr. Howard, my cousin, an author of great reputation, and his wife, a cousin of Kate's, who was almost supernaturally clever; and being Kate's cousin, could not, of course, be anything that was unkind. Upon the whole, though, I was less addicted to King Cambyses's vein after that cacchinnatory experience. We were the guests of our duet of cousins, and a more agreeable quarter to be a guest in could hardly be desired. Plenty of money, plenty of brains, and an unceasing sunnieness of disposition, made the owners of " Sans Souci," as ray genial cousin had named his mansion, the very model of hosts, and gathered about them all that was pleasant and de sirable in the way of social companion ship. As it chanced during our visit, Kate and I were the only very young people of all the gay set which gathered that sum mer in the romantic village near " Sans Souci," and made the latter its head quarters-a fact of which we took ample advantage. Oh! if those shady walks, and moun tain streams, and delicate featheiy fernB could talk, what might they not say, Kate, of the fond looks that were ex changed ? They may tell, Kate; I, never. My nature is confiding-always was so. I am given to understand that in my juvenile days I was wont to play incau tiously with those " little winged mon sters," otherwise bees ; to pat strange curs, and indulge in acts of unnecessary civility towards alien cats-offices of at tention which kept my hands, legs, and face in a continual state of scarification, and provoked the maternal prediction that " Augustus will be imposed on by somebody, to the end of his natural life!" Nobody was imposing on me-the aforesaid Augustus-now, and the days went on as they only can go in a delight ful country-house, with a lovely girl who is desperately in love with a fellow. One morning, when Kate had excused herself, on the .plea of a grand consulta tion with Mrs. Howard relative to some of the mighty mysteries of dress, I wan dered forlornly about, and at last sta tioned myself as near my absent charmer as might be, in the garden, under the window of the room in which the pretty pair were consulting. It was too high above me for more than a stray word to fall occasionally to my not inattentive ears; but at last the sound of Kate's voice, raised at least two octaves higher than I had ever heard it, came floating out among the breath of lilies and clove pinks. " Oh, Cousin Dora, it can't be pos sible !" Inarticulate murmur in reply. "Are you certain?" came in Kate's contralto. Reply as before. "Then what am.I to do?" I forgot my gentility, and yielding to a feminine curiosity, I stood up, and leaned upward, in my eagerness to catch the reply. All in vain! It was drowned in a peal of such merry laughter that the young lady from whom it came was forced to lean from the window. From this elevated position, her roguish eyes discovered me in my rather undig nified attitude of eavesdropper-a sight which made her clasp her little pincushion hands, and laugh all the louder. That evening, she invited me to a re gular ramble ; and I think, sweet as she always was, she exceeded herself in sweet ness. She made me tell her of my home ; of my mother, under whoBe widowed charge I had lived till sent to college ; of the quiet simplicity of that peaceful abode, contrasted with the princely mansion of my paternal grandfather, whose enormous wealth was almost fabulous in extent 5 of the old gentleman himself ; if he was fond of me; if I was much with him ; if I was, indeed, his .only near relation ; then, with the most charmingly childlike art lessness, would he give me all his fortune when he went where good people al ways go ? Dear Kate, those eloquent lips-how like coral they were ! "Give me his fortune !" I cried, with the superb independence of extreme youth. " I do not desire riches obtained by others ! No, Kate; this strong right arm, and the brain which a munificent heaven has granted me, are all the riches I aspire to ! With them I will carve my name " "Yes, I know you will," said Kate. " But it's getting late, and we'd better go home." I felt that she was hardly yet elevated to the position of my love; yet I could not help loviag her. Deep, spiritual thinkers assert tliat to fasten the thoughts intently upon an ab sent individual, is sufficient to, in some way, bring' him into communication with us. My grandfather proved the truth of the assertion by stepping from iiia luxuri ous travelling carriage, just one week after the evening and the event described. Why, I am sure I do not know. I do know that if no one wanted him more than Kate and myself, there was not the slightest necessity for his presence at "Sans Souci." He did not enquire as to our need of him, and, indeed, honoured us with little of his notice, except to snub me, as his immemorial custom was, and to persist in treating me as if I were ten years old, in stead of my majestic twenty years and two months. As to Kate, he looked at her as if she were a pretty doll, and paid her such ex travagant, old-fogie compliments, that I felt indignant on her account. Dear little thing, she bore no malice, but took all he might say with downcast eyes and blush-rose cheeks. She did more, and showed her sweetness by a thousand delicate attentions to my aged relative, which her rare tact permitted Wi to imagine were the graceful reverence of beautiful youth to well-preserved yet all- apparent age. " He is your grandfather, Augustus," she would say, with her eyes beaming in a strange light, while her red lips quivered. " Can I,do too much for him ?" He seemed of the opinion that she could not; and his opinion manifested itself in what I considered a system of positive tyranny and unjust usurpation, Drives to the principal views in the neighbourhood, sometimes in company with Mrs. Howard, sometimes without her, but always without me, who was po litely but peremptorily requested to ride on ahead, or behind, or in an opposite direction, as the case might be, became a daily occurrence. I chafed inwardly, and obeyed in si lence ; for despite my assertions of indi vidual efforts being the only wealth to which I aspired, I had been bora, nou rished, and brought up on the expecta tion of, at some indefinite period, meiging my grandfather's very liberal allowance in the ownership of all that had been his. But while all acquiescence to him, I rebelled to Kate, and even proceeded to employ reproaches in the recital of my wrongs. Her argument was irresisti ble : "He will soon be gone, Augustus ; I may be of advantage to you." The "soon" was very long in coming; and as the house was filled to overflowing with guests who were to assist in a grand fancy ball Mrs. Howard was to give, it so happened that my share of Kate's com panionship was reduced to an impercepti ble fraction. There was a gay group assembled one night in the library, the tables of which were strewn with books, pictures, engrav ings, and all things that contributed the all-essential articles of costume. Kate was the central figure ; and near her, in a great chair—for he was not so strong as he wished to be, poor gentleman!-was my grandfather. She was leaning on his chair, trying, in.her pretty, child-like way, to coax him into " honouring Cousin Dora's ball" by appearing in costume; and I thought, as I looked at the pair, what a model for an artist's " May and December!" I spoke my thought to a young Belgra- vian exquisite who stood near me, engaged in an intent observation of a pictured Coeur de Lion, with the evident intention of reproducing it upon his own natty little body, which bore the same propor tion to the original that a shrimp does to a lobster. " Aw !" he replied, bringing the full force of his eye-glass to bear on me. Think so ? 'Pon honour, though, De cember seems to have quite a golden glow! He! he !" I was disgusted, and left him for closer quarters to Kate, reaching her just in time to hear a soft sigh fall from her full lips as she said, " Yes ; pearls do become me, and I love them ; but " and sigh number two ended the sentence. I thonght it a queer coincidence when, three evenings after this, I went, through the twilight, to the room usually occupied by my grandfather as a sort of sitting room, and which I had just seen him leave, to find Kate seated there. Seated in state, too, with pearls hanging from her little pink ears, pearls bound round her fair arms, and a rope of pearls that would have charmed a queen, clasped her milk-white neck. She started up as I entered, but soon reseated herself, and told me she had been consulting my grandfather, " whose taste was exquisite," as to the suitability of her pearls for the fancy dress she designed wearing. " They are magnificent, Kate," I ex claimed, " and worth no end of money. Where did you get them ?" '' The gift of a dear old friend," she said, and sighed softly. As I found a veiy new card on the floor after she left, on which was inscribed " Harry Emanuel, jeweller, Bond Street," I thought she might have made some mis take. I have found since, that in this, as in all things, Kate was correct. Faster and faster flew the days, and faster and faster increased the number of guests at " Sans Souci." I had often instituted a comparison be tween my charming Catherine and a kit ten, and it was not an uncomplimentary one. For a softer, rounder, more playful and kittenish thing than Kate could not be desired nor discovered. Of late a change had come over her; her pretty tricks and feline fascinations were merged into a dreamy demureness and a serious softness that were as de lightful to me as they were suggestive. I knew the cause which had turned this gay creature into a thoughtful, absorbed, half sad, and all-attractive woman. My cold ness was the cause J Here I had won this guileless young heart; and then, as it were, by my indifference, had thrown it back upon itself. I did not wish to marry quite yet-felt that such a course, while enriching one woman, would be rank injustice to the rest of the sex. So I had never men tioned the matter to Kate ; and she, be ing a woman, and considering marriage as the inevitable sequel of love, was hurt by my silence and pained by my reticence. I wrestled with myself, and after a mighty conflict, I determined to abnegate self, and secure Kate's happiness, by mak ing her my wife. Opportunity was my friend, and showed me Kate alone in the garden on the even ing of the fancy ball. I thought, as I saw her bending over some flowers, and carefully hunting for the choicest, I had never seen anything more lovely Gallantly, and very possibly her ap pearance, prompted me to bend down and assist her ; and while so doing, her cheek came into dangerous proximity with my moustache, which was hardly as luxuriant as, in my secret heart, I desired. Kate took it as she had never done be fore ; flushed up, and turned first a frightened look to the house, and then an indignant one on me. I hastened to assure her. " Never mind, Kate. It's all right. I am determined to many you. Love like yours shall be rewarded ! Look at your own Augustus"-she had hidden her face in her hands, and was trembling—" who swears that yoa shall bear his unhonoured name!" She trembled more than before, and a faint sound came from her hands. I continued tenderly :— " Yes, Kate, it shall all be arranged. I will see my grandfather, and settle everything. It may be that he will make it a condition that we live with him- he seems to like you ! And oh, Kate, how you will grace his splendid house ! Say, say, my beloved, when, oh, when shall it be ?" The last part of this sentence was not of a piece with its beginning; but she looked so pretty, shaking in her thin draperies, that I quite forgot everything but how sweet she was. " When," I continued a little wildly " when, when will you be married, Kate ?" She removed her hands, showed me her face, which was quivering curiously, said, in a voice which seemed choked, " I will answer to-night, Augustus and be fore I could seize her hand, she had bounded off like a deer, and entered the house. Two hours later I entered the drawing room of " Sans Souci," and found it more than half-full of guests who seemed as suredly of all times and nationalities. For what reason, I do not know, ex cept in accordance with the external un fitness of things, I had selected the dress of Mephistopheles, comforting myself that any lack of demoniac expression on ac count of my youth would be amply sup- plied by the scowl of extra ferocity which I communicated to my placid counten ance. The evening passed off as such things always do, and I voted it a bore ; for not only had I not seen Kate, but she had not been in the room since I entered it. The young " exquisite" strutting under ! the attire of the Lion Heart told me she had vanished just as I came; adding, that she was " a regular stunner." I thought I had a clue to the where abouts of the " stunner," and that in her eagerness to relieve me of my anxiety, she had selected the spot in which I could soonest find her. This was a certain small room communicating with the li brary, and sacred to many a sweetness and ourselves. Thither I betook myself; and on rais- J ing the curtain which fell over the door, I saw a sight not set down in the pro gramme, highly artistic, and decidedly the reverse of agreeable. In the large bay-window, and with the light of a dozen wax candles falling upon her, stood my Kate. When I state that she represented Margaret; that her dress, from the pearls on her billowy neck to the shoes laced round her taper ankles, was perfect; that her form was bewildering, and her costume calculated to make it more so, one can easily imagine what she was. She had laid aside her little prayer book, and was all-absorbed in a flower she held in her hand. I recognised it as one of those she was gathering when I saw her last, and that most of the petals had been pulled off. Near her, with his back to me, and bending tenderly over her, was a gentle man whose dress proclaimed Faust, and whose elegance of attire and perfect grace of form were as impressive as they were unfamiliar. So intent were the pair, that I was all unnoticed, and stood a silent spectator of the pretty Flower Scene from "Faust." For pretty it was, beyond a doubt; though, as I said, not agreeable. Kate made it prettier. Throwing her heart in her face, she raised her danger ous eyes to her companion, then dropped them in soft shyness. Her full, velvety lips unclosed, and she said, softly, as if talking to herself, "Now for the final test." Then poising the flower in one hand, she began to pull off its petals with her satin fingers, murmuring as she did so, ; " He loves me-un peu ! Beaucoup ! Passionement! Pas du tout!" with a wail in her voice as she said the last. Then looking down, and seeing one petal unplucked, she uttered a little cry, and, with a burst of joy, exclaimed, " He loves me!" " That he does !" came from the figure beside her; and as he said those words, my Kate suddenly disappeared in his di rection, and all I could see of her was one fair arm, with which she clung to his shoulder, while he seemed to be holding her tight round the waist. I could not remain quiescent, and see the beloved of my eyes suffer violence at the hands of this stranger, all elegant as he was. So, with one bound I reached the middle of the room, and seizing Kate's arm, I tore it from its resting-place, and with a voice thick with passion, cried out to her sup porter, " You villain!" He turned slowly round, bringing Kate, clasped in his arms, with him; and as he did so, placed in unseemly contact with my outstretched and indignant fist the venerable countenance of my grand father ! I was not in London when the marriage of my eldest relative took place-in fact, I didn't care to be. And I call this little account of the cause why I didn't " My Kate," because Kate is mine-my grandmother ! MY MOTHER'S DYING CALL. THE birds sang sweetly, so sweetly and i joyfully that it seemed as if the silvery- ; throated warblers were vying with each : other. The morning breeze came fresh and cool from the hills, sweeping lightly j over the clover fields, and fanning my cheek with its perfumed wing. But I did not listen to the birds' songs; I heeded not the serene beauty of the morning, for I was so intensely engaged in reading the last new novel, which I had commenced the preceding evening, that all sights and sounds were alike un heeded. ! " Jessie," said a sweet voice, faint and ? low always, but now fainter and lower j than usual; but I did not answer im- : mediately, or spring to my mother's bed side, as I usually did, at her first call, but waited a moment to glance down the page. " Jessie, Jessie, come here, my child!" " Yes, dear mother, In a moment," I replied, without withdrawing my eyes from the book. " Come now-now, my love." " Yes, mother, in a moment, as soon as I have finished this page," and I continued reading. The page was finished. " Mo ther !" Still no answer. I listened and heard a faint breathing. "Ah, she has fallen asleep," thought I; "it is early, and I -will not disturb her. A little more sleep will do her good." Then I com menced another chapter. It was very exciting, very ; and so I read on, so wholly absorbed that I thought not of my mother. " Why, Miss Jessie, I knocked and knocked, but not hearing any sound, I thought you must be yet asleep," said a voice beside me. " Well, what's wanting, Ann 1" I en quired, a little impatiently, without rais ing my eyes. "Why, I rang the bell twice for break fast, and you did not come ; so I thought I must just come in and see if anything was the matter ; and seeing it was time for mistress's breakfast, I have brought her some toast and tea ; and I should just like to know how she is this morn ing." " She is a little better, I think." " Well, lam glad to hear it," said Ann, " for she has looked very bad these few days past." " Very bad ! You are mistaken, Ann ; she has looked better than usual. I think she improves every day." At this Ann shook her head ominously, and went out. I was preparing to resume my reading, but Ann's words had made me nervous, and my mother's toast and tea were getting cold. So I laid down my book and went softly into the other room. I approached the bed. My mother looked so calm and peaceful that I thought I would not disturb her. But it was past her usual breakfast hour, and I called, " Mother ! mother !" but she did not move. I stooped and kissed her white brow-it chilled my lips. I grasped her hands, they were icy cold. I raised her in my arms ; I shook her. I shrieked " Mother! mother! Oh, my mother !" But the warm breath came not to the dear lips ; the pulse was still; the heart was still. My mother was dead-dead ! She had died alone-died while I, her undutiful child, unmindful of her earnest, dying call, was engaged in the adjoining room reading a novel! Yes, a novel de prived me of my mother's last kiss-of my mother's dying blessing! Oh, the an guish of that hour ! Years have passed by; but a deep, abiding sorrow is with me. My mother's dying call is ever sounding in my ears, piercing my heart with inexpressible an guish. Reader, have you ever, through dis obedience or neglect, slighted a mother's call ? If you have, do so no more. Ever listen to her voice, and hasten cheerfully to obey her slightest wish as well as her serious behests. Do this, and when the grave closes over your sight, you will have nothing with which to reproach yourself. Tears of sorrow bedewing her memory will not be mingled with those of remorse. iingiish Magazine. 