AN ODE TfrTHE QUEEN. Messrs. Strahan and Co. have just completed their handsome library edition of Alfred Tennyson's works and in no more fitting and appropriate form have the Laureate's poems ever gone forth to the public. The two closing volumes, the fifth and sixth, contain the perfect Arthurian Topos, on which the poet has laboured so long, and with such linger- ing devotion. Here at last we have a consistent and definitive arrangement of the many Idylls of the King ; beginning with the " Coming of Arthur attributing to the latest published of all, " Garnet and Lynette," the first place among the legends of the Round Table and closing, after the passionate poem in which Guinevere's sorrow and repentance are pourtrayed, with the first, and in some respects the best of all the Idyll, " The Passing of Arthur, first published a full generation ago. Every one must remember the impressive and high-toned dedication to the " Idylls " which the Laureate penned after the death of the Prince Consort the "noble Father of our Kings to be ;" and it will seem to most as natural that the splendid British Epic thus inaugurated should close with an address " To the Queen" contrasting in some striking respects with that which Tennyson wrote on his appointment to the Laureate ship. We need make no apology for doing the amplest justice to these lines worthily crowning a worthy issue of the Laureate's works by quot- ing them simply as they stand, in all their eloquent vigour, their noble scorn of the ignoble and their touching references to that deep anxiety which little more than a year ago threw such a gloom over England. The whole British people will gladly read these bold and energetic verses, which show that the Laureate is far from being indifferent to the questions that agitate our time. To THE QUEEN. O Loyal to the royal in thyself, and loyal to the land, as this to thee Bear witness that rememberable day When, pale as yet, and fever-worn, the Prince Who scarce had plucked his flickering life again From half-way down the shadow of the grave, Past with thee thro' thy people and their love, And London roll'd one tide of joy thro' all Her trebled millions, and long leagues of man And welcome ! witness, too, the silent cry, The prayer of many a race and creed, and [crime Thunderless lightnings striking under sea From sunset and sunrise of all thy realm, And that- true North, whereof we lately heard A strain to shame us 'Keep you to yourselves; So loyal if too costly ! Friends-your love Is but a burthen : loose the bond and go. Is this the tone of empire P here the faith That made us rulers P this, indeed, her voice And meaning, whom the roar of Hougoumont Left mightiest of all people under heaven ? What shock has fooled her since, that she should [speak So feebly ? wealthier-wealthier-hour by hour! The voice of Britain, or a sinking land, Some third-rate isle half-lost among her seas P There rang her voice when the full city pealed Thee and thy Prince ! the loyal to their crown Are loyal to their own far sons, who love Our ocean-empire with her boundless homes For ever broadening England, and her throne In our vast Orient, and one sale, one isle, That knows not her own greatness: if she knows And dreads if we are fan. But thou, my [Queen, Nor for itself, but thro' thy living love For one to whom I made it o'er his grave Sacred, accept this old imperfect tale, New-old and shadowing Sense at war with Soul Rather than that Gray King, whose name, a [ghost, Streams like a cloud, man-shaped from mount \- [tain peak, And cleaves to cairn and cromlech still ; or him Of Geoffrey's book, or him of Malleor's, one Touch'd by the adulterous finger of a time That hover'd between war and wantonness, And crownings and dethronement take withal Thy poet's blessing, and his trust that Heaven Will blow the tempest in the distance back From thine and ours for some are scared who [mark Or wisely or unwisely, signs of storm, Waverings of every vane with every wind, And wordy trucklings to the transient hour, j And fierce or careless looseness of the faith, And softness bleeding scorn of simple life. Or Cowardice, the child of lust for gold, Or Labour, with a groan and not a voice, Or Art with poisonous honey stolen from France, And that which knows, but careful for itself, And that which knows not, ruling that which [knows To its own harm : the goal of this great world Lies beyond sight : yet- if our slowly-grown And crown'd Republic's crowning common [sense, That saved her many times, not fail-their [fears Are morning shadows huger than the shapes That cast them, not those gloomier which [forego The darkness of that battle in the West, Where all of high and holy dies away. Our Colonial readers will note with interest the stinging allusion to the articles of the Times with respect to the future of Canada. An unenviable distinction is conferred on the leading journal by introducing its recent startling suggestions about Canada as " a strain of shame." And that true North, whereof we lately heard A strain to shame us, " Keep you to yourselves ; So loyal is too costly ! friends-your love Is but a burthen : loose the bond, and go." Is this the tone of empire p here the faith That made us rulers ? At the last meeting of the Colonial Institute (reported fully elsewhere) the quoting of these lines by Lord Bury, and his comments upon them, caused the greatest enthusiasm. There were present on that occasion representatives of many of the British Colonies. Their prolonged cheers which rang out in favour of a consolidated union of the Empire and her Colonies, were proof that a fervent loyalty to the Mother Country prevails throughout her dependencies. The election of the Poet Laureate as an honorary member of the Colonial Institute was, on such an occasion, a graceful and appropriate act, At a crowded meeting of the Colonial Institute, Lord Bury referring to the press, said it was not wise to say to Canada "You can give up your al Legiance if you liked The persons who wielded the interests of that journal did not in this respect either lead or follow public opinion. They stood alone among the people of England, and among the press of England in uttering a sentiment so unpatriotic and so treasonable. (Loud and protracted cheers.) We had all read-nay it had been read throughout the English-speaking world by this time the noble ode of the poet laureate on the loyalty of Canada "that true North, whereof we lately heard A strain to shame us-' Keep you to yourselves] So loyal is too costly ! Friends, your love Is but a burthen : loose the bond, and go. Is this the tone of Empire there the faith That made us rulers ? this, indeed, her voice I And meaning, whom the roar of Hougoumont Left mightiest of all peoples under Heaven ? What shock has fooled her since, that she should [speak So feebly? wealthier-wealthier-hour by hour! The voice of Britain, or a sinking land, Some third-rate isle half lost among her seas ? There rang her voice when the full city pealed Thee and thy prince ! The loyal to their Crown Are loyal to their own far sons, who love Our Ocean Empire with her boundless homes For ever broadening England, and her throne In our vast Orient, and one sale, one isles That knows not her own greatness: if she knows And dreads it we are fallen." These were thrilling words and would be cheered by colonists in all parts of the Empire. (Hear hear). He firmly believed that if ever a disintegration of our Empire, as shadowed forth by the Times, was effected, England would be left not a third-rate power, but a sinking land (cheers) until we were finally immured in that vast abyss in which some nations had disappeared from the face of the earth. Where the Roman Empire had gone we should go. Oh ! for a tongue to utter the ideas which rose within him when he reflected on such advice as the Times recently gave. Oh, that this Institute might show to the world that such a tone of feeling did not exist amongst Englishmen, (loud cheers.) 