HIPPOPOTAMI FIGHTING IN THE . : ZOOLOGICAL GAKDENS (Frank Buckland in Land and Water1 : By the kindness of Mr Bartlett, I have had the good fortune to he present on the wesson when the little Hippopotamus, Guy Fawkes—who. is now eight months eii£—'was introduced to his disagreeable old iathtr, Obeah, a resident in the gardens for 33 years. Obesh was quietly manching his "breakfast of grass in the outride. ^°n; when St a prea signal the portcullis of the mother's den was gradually raised, and the two hads appeared gazing out with a most expression. Seeing his wife, the span left off munching bis grass, grinned a ghastly grin, and he londly trumpeted .*tjTiuph,w "Umph," "TJmph." Little Guy Fawkes then came forward from behind his mother, with the action and v Stiffbess of a pointer when he has dis aovexed a covey of birds: gradually and •lowly he went up to his father, and their | outstretched noses were just touching, when the old woman sounded the signal Sir war, and, rushing past the young one, fairly challenged her lord and master to single combat. He instantly retreated a Step or two, and his wife began to pretend -toznuneh at the grass, keeping her eyes always fixed spitefully npon him. Jnst at ■ fl" moment the sou shone out, and I was ynaMed to see most distinctly the remark able phenomenon of the "blood sweat" of these gigantic animals when excited. The . i.nanalnale chocolate-colour nf thai husband and wife became densely covered, with spots that looked like thin red ■gum, and when the male turned his head. I could see that these spots were globular; .they,glistened like dew on a cabbage, and 'stoodIdgh upon the skin like blood-stained diamonds. 1 managed subsequently to .'.wipe off one of these globules, and it stained my no.$e-book quite red. After gazing at each other, for about a minute, old Dil— for that is the female's name—made a savage rush at her husband, and simultaneously "both, animals reared right up on their hind legs, like bull-dogs fighting. They ' gaped wide their gigantic mouths, and hit, . and - struck, and longed at each other savagely, while the grass fell out of their great coal-scuttle mouths on the battle-field. ' 'The'crash of their tusks coming together was truly-Homeric, and reminded me of . the rattle and smashing clash, only exagger ' tedj irhtai the iVindsor Park red deer charge jgaflibtiritbtiMirtaBi, yortiewBdw two tbese two gigantic animals closed to gether and swayed to and fro like Cornish wrestlers. This scene of the Hippopotami fighting was grand in the extreme, and would form a good subject for an Oxford prize poem or the pencil' of Landseer. When they settled on their fonr legs again the o'd woman followed up her advantage by giving her husband a tremendous push,' " well hit," with her head; and while the cowardly old fellow sneaked backwards into His p-.nd, his wife trumpeted a tri umphant signal of victory from the hank. All this time little Guy kept well in the rear of his mother, occasionally peeping round her sides to" see the rare and extra ordinary phenomenon of a husband and wife having a row. Dil then slowly, and in a Shah-like manner, walked down the steps into the water, and hunted the old man about until she drove him up into a corner; she then mounted sentTy over him. The young one then mounted on to his mother's back, and cazed with filial respect, not nnmingled with impudence, at his father. At the least movement on his go vernor's side he sank down into the water as quiet as an otter, without making the slightest ripple or sending up a bnbble of air, and shortly reappeared with his pretty little head, erect ears, and bright eyes, and looking like a gigantic frog. During his subaqueons excursion the little rascal bad probably gone up to and touched his father, for the old fellow gave a sudden plunge and jump as if he had been touched up from underneath by something alive. Thus the three remained for about half an hour, grunting and stariDg at each other. Obesh made one attempt to get out of his corner, and retreat into his den, but his .artful old " missis" was too quick for him, cut off his retreat, and drove him back. The little one, I observed, always kept the far side of his mother, in case his father should turn rusty again. In about three quarters of an hour the row was all over, and instead of angry trumpetings the sig nals gradually assumed a more amicable tone, and it was evident that the two Behe moths were getting into good temper. At last the female swam nearer to her hus band, and distending her great nostrils to the utmost, uttered a kind of hiss, not the least like a war cry. "When the keeper heard this he said, "They are all right now, Sir; they'll not fight anymore. See, the old man's beginning to smile, and he -has uncocked his ears, and left off staring." The faithful keeper was quite right, for all three Hippos at once became friends, and the domestic row was over. I understand that on the previous day, when these three beauties were first put together, little Guy Fawkes immediately went up to his go vernor, and cheeked him in the most inso lent manner; he bristled- np, grunted at him, showed his teeth, and actually chal lenged his father to fight. The mother then charged the old father, scratched his face, and pushed him right hang all of a lump in the water. The little one fol lowed up directly, swam under his .father's legs, and actually bit at and pulled the paternal tail. On the second oc casion the youngster behaved very differently; it was quite evident that somehow or other his mother had cau tioned him and' given him orders to keep.in the rear while she fought her old man. On this occasion Obesh was terribly alarmed, although his wife frightened more than hurt him. She so alarmed him that a new discovery was made by Mr Bartlett. After the row was over, the cowardly old Obesh changed colour. His mrdatto coloured skin got gradually whiter and whiter, and the lower part of his head and sides bscame of a creamy-white tint, and the poor old fellow looked " as white as a ghost." It was some hours before he came to his proper colour again. When his wife gave him a hiding on the second day Obesh again turned somewhat white, making his blood spots stand ont with unusual clear ness. Now that this family scrimmage is over, we trust, that for the future they will enjoy domestic felicity. By the way, the controversy has not yet been decided whether the present name "Hip-po-po-ta mus" (which means a horse-river, not a river-horse), shall not be re-cast into Potamippus, and the little Guy Fawkes re ceive a new appellation—the diminutive of the original word—viz., " Hippopotamid ion" or " Potamippodion." This, as your correspondent Mr E. K. Karslake remarks, "would he barbarous." I should like to hear a stammerer tackle it. 