THE EMERALD HILL CHURCH-GOER. THE BEY. E. G-REENWOOD. . fTX'DTPKVT>EtfrM As Evangelical clergyman of the Anglican Church said to me the other day, " Various forms of wor ship arc necessary to attract men whose minds are differently constituted," and it is patent to every one that all men could no more worship in the same way than they are likely to be attracted by the same style of feminine beauty. But while many of the sects have been established for little better reason, there are some which have fought the battle of a great principle and can point to the stand taken by those who in years past estab lished their particular form of church polity and government, as haying helped forward the great march of civil and religious liberty, which has resulted iu our present freedom from priestly and kingly interference. The Independents were not originally, as is often supposed, seceeders directly from the Establishment, but from the Presbyter ians. The Independents and Presbyterians grew lip siderby«ide. within the Established Church lindTeft it. together on the passing of tlie Act of Uniformity, bnt, after the separation, the Presby terians Vouud themselves the stronger party of the two andsought to establish uniformity accord ing to their own views. They contended for the Divine*~appointment of the Presbyterian form of cliurch government, and sought to exercise eccle siastical authority based upon this Divine right. Now the Independents opposed this proposition entirely and advanced a counter divine right of their own schome, which was that every congre gation had an ecclesiastical jurisdiction over its own. members, independently of bishops, synods, and presbyteries whatever, which principle of church gbTernmeiit they recognise and carry out to. this day. "Musing, thus, I wended my way past Anglican and Presbyterian Churches on a recent Sunday morning towards their less pretentious brother. .It is a neat brick building with cement facings in the modern Gothicised Crouch and Wilson style, whose two ninnacles cannot be mistaken, and is ^pleasantly situated in Howe Crescent, but sug gesting to the observer that it may be onlarged and otherwise finished at some future date. The congregation were evidently going to worship. An orderly and reverential air was observable iu the manner in which they proceeded to their sittings. The organ was pealing out a voluntary, and the minister had taken his seat. Waiting for the service to commence I look around and dis cover that the back of the chapel has evidently been a building of a' different structure, upon .which the new one has been affixed. This older part' contains an organ at one end—a very sweet ;toned one not too loud for the building—'also the "minister's platform with reading desk and the in variable scarlet cushion. At the- back of the minister were four windows of the ordinary oblong shape, evidently belonging exclusively to this older part of the sanctuary. These windows, although covered with green blinds, allowed just sufficient light to penetrate through them as to be somewhat painful to the eyes of the hearer, and it would be as well if they were covered with a' more imperforious material, or, better still, dis pensed with altogether. There is nothing staking iu the appearance of the preacher, no levity of manner, no assumption of priestly dignity, but evidently— ' " Much impressed ' . Himself, as conscious of his awful charge, And anxious mainly that tlic Uock he feeds . May feel it too." In the conventioual dress of plain sable with white neck-tio, no jewellery, his voice quiet, not un musical, but with neither great compass nor much power', so quiet sometimes that it could hardly be heard, in some parts of the chapel, but then on this, occasion the elements were warring without. I aw informed that Mr. Greenwood was a minis ter in one of the smaller sects of Methodists, but ; there is nothing in his manner to remind one ef it. No "nasal twang," no unnecessary noise. No shouting as if, to use a Cornisliman's expres sion, the Diety " was deaf." Perhaps " he came out from them" because "he was not of them." The only approach to Methodistic practice was an ^evident leaning towards Wesley's hymns in the selection used by the Independents, and the chanting by the choir of the hymn commencing— "Come Holy Ghost, our hearts inspire, ' Let ug Thine influence prove.." which is so often heard in Methodist places of worship between the prayer and the reading. And; in passing I may reasonably remark upon the number of ministers who join the Independent body from the various sects of Methodists, I find that during the past year no less than four minis ters have so joined, while the most prominent minis ters of the body in this and an adjoining colony 'have both'been indebted to the Methodists for tlieir early training. Is it that they find more liberty in the one than the other ? But to return. The'service is simple in the extreme. The Lord's prayer clearly and quietly repeated by the minis ter, a passage of Scripture and another prayer with hymns alternating, precede the sermon. The singing is congregational—I mean joined in heartily by the worshippers, aud not conGned to the choir of youthful voices of both sexes which so admirably lead it. The prayer was an earnest and simple" application to the Deity—admirably suited to the wants of a congregation of men who have to toil through this work-a-day world. Any one could follow every word of it without feeling he was a party to an unreal prayer. The wants expressed were real wants. The blessings asked for were tangible blessings. No long list of texts strung together, formed the basis of it, neither did flights of high-flown language, not understood by the majority of worshippers, prolong it. The sermon was taken from the old Testament story of Abraham proceeding to otier up his son Isaac as a sacrifice at the command of the Most High. The preacher, who used no notes, described all the particulars of this trial of Abraham's faith. He referred to the circumstances of Isaac's birth, the promises made with reference.to him, the journey to Mount Moriah and the conversation by the way, the. preparations for the sacrifice, and the greatness of the faith manifested by bcth. Abra ham and Isaac iu unmurmuriugly obeying the fiat which had gone forth. In fact so fully was every incident described that the sermon was princi pally au enlarged description of the event. Little room was left for the lesson, the moral of the subject. The threefold trial, in affection, in mind, and in spirit. Certainly it was a self evident one. It appeared thbt a lady member of the church was " sick unto death," aud the subject appeared to have been cliosnn as applicable to the circum stance, aud an admonition to her afflicted friends, otherwise the lesson seemed to be summed up in this:—" Abraham was called upon to give up his son, to whom he had a right by gift and by pro mise, and was prepared to do so without hesita tion. But thers are millions of men who are asked to give up their sins, to which they have no right, and they cannot bring themselves to do it." The manner of the preacher is undemonstra tive, conventional, slightly hesitating, and his speech plain and simple, almost to tediousuess. He" doeB not attempt to dive deep into classical allusions, nor to sear on wings ot fancy to unreal realms. There i3 no labor required in listening to him! The Sabbath at the Emerald Hill inde pendent Church is intended to be a " day of rest." The preacher hat a not unpleasing provincialism, very (light indeed but sufficient to mark his Lan cashire origin. The pronunciation of the vowel U, ai it it used in continental Latin, might be avoided by practice. But this on one ,side, the service I should imagine closely resembled what we are told by Pliny the younger was that of the fir»t Christian churches, and the Bev. E. Green wood i» wore like Cowper's description of an ideal minister than many I have mel.witliihere and elsewhere. -v" • " I-would express him simple, gnve, sincere; In doctrine ancorrupt; in language plain; ', ' ' Aud plain in'.manner, decent, solemn, chaste, And natural'm gesture." .In conclusion Mr. Greenwood is more of a teacher than a preacher, and there is a difference of opinion as to which does the most good. I agree with'the opening sentence in this sketch and say both are necessarr. I could imagine myself iu a" Bible class rather than at a regular serrice while he thus talks to his hearers, and when looking at the' well-filled building, (I am teld sittings are not to be had,) and when regard ing the wrapt attention of the hearers, who shall say his teachings are not acceptable, and if ac ceptable, that great good is not being done in an. unassuming and unpretending manner. KRITIKOS. 