NEWS BY THE DERWENT, S.S. By the Derwent, ss., which arrived at Launceston on Saturday, we have two days' later Victorian and New South Wales files, the dates being from Melbourne to the 20th instant, and the inland towns of Victoria to the 19th instant. From New South Wales our dates are to the 17th instant. We take from our Melbourne files the following items of telegraphic intelligence, supplementary to our explanatory of the Australian Associated Press telegrams forwarded to us by the Tasmanian Cable VICTORIA. Sale, Wednesday, June 18th. Gibson's defalcations in the National Bank amount to something; must' £2,000. He has been manipulating several of the bank customers' accounts, his frauds extending over a period of 12 months. IUniN.SDAiin, Wednesday Evening. At a large and influential meeting of selectors held last evening in the shire-hall, Bairnsdale, the president of the shire, Mr. F. W. Drever- man, occupying the chair), resolutions condemnatory to the new land regulations were carried with great enthusiasm. They recommended that the residential and cultivation clauses, and declaration on oath, should be abolished that the area be increased to 640 acres and that the local land boards should decide as to bona fides. It was also resolved that a memorial to the Minister of Lands should be forwarded through the member for the district. NEW SOUTH WALES Sydney, Wednesday, June 18th. The Hunter River is rising at Maitland, and part of the town is submerged. The Hawkesbury is falling slowly. The weather is again threatening. The bank of New South Wales at Gympie has been robbed of £900. George Westhorp, arrested on a warrant from Collingwood for deserting his family, has been remanded for a week. The Mayor's picnic has been postponed. Twist tobacco is firmer. Large sales of Haven and Cable twist have been made, and agents now quote Is. 6d. for Cable, and id. more for Raven twist. " . Thursday. The Hunter River has commenced falling. Very little damage has been done. A report is current that the P. and O. Company intend to keep a branch boat running between here and Melbourne. The Princess Alice, from Auckland, has taken refuge in Broken Bay, with loss of sails. The damaged sugars ex Monsoon realised high prices. --- SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Ackland, Wednesday, June 18th. It is proposed to take steps to redivide the city into six wards. Mr. Burton, late corresponding secretary to the Foresters' Society, has been expelled. Wheat is firmer, and > holders are asking 6s. Country flour has been sold at £11). Thursday. The Government have investigated the charges of receiving bribes broiiglitugainst Mr. Galbraith, inspector of pu bliohoilsos, and have decided to dismiss him Mr. James Hoskin, a schoolmaster, is about to visit Victoria, in order to obtain an insight into the working of the Education Act. Gold from the Kangaroo Reef, Katunga, has yielded 12oz. to the ton. ? l The pensioners are taking steps to form a body guard to the Governor. , The lambing in the Far North has been successful, and there is every prospect of a line clip of wool. Wheat has been sold at 6s 6d; flour, unchanged. _ VICTORIA. We have two days' later Melbourne papers : free Argus of Thursday says The Australian and New Zealand mails for England and the East were shipped on board the li M.S.S. Bangalore yesterday, and the steamer left her Anchorage in the bay at 2 p.m. punctually. The event of the mail steamer's departure from the bay, ' which occurs with almost undeviating regularity, was a blank last mouth in consequence of the detention of the Baroda at Queenscliff, and the disappointment may have helped in some measure to account for the number of visitors who were on board the Bangalore yesterday previous to her leaving. Amongst the Bangalore's passengers are Mr. Saul Samuel, postmaster-general of New South Wales ; Mr. H. H. Hall, who goes to England to procure steamers for the mail service from San Francisco and Mr. Macaulay, who represented the P. and O. Company in the recent contract concluded by the Victorian Government for the Suez route. Mr. Hall is confident of the success of <\- his scheme and mentioned that the steamships for the trans-Pacific station would come out for our England via the Cape of Good Hope with immigrants for New South Wales. In addition to the large number of passengers who embarked at this port, the Bangalore took away a quantity of general cargo, together with 80,232 ounces of gold, and £101,48110s. in specie. From the Argus of Thursday we learn an application was made to Mr. Justice Molesworth yesterday for an injunction to restrain the sheriff from selling by auction to-day the plant and goodwill of the Herald newspaper. The matter was brought before the Court at the instance of two shareholders in the company that owns the Herald, and from the affidavits used it appeared that, on the 1st June, three of the directors, Messrs. Curtain, Halfey, and Martin, with the manager, Mr. Winter, and Mr. Michael O'Grady, a shareholder, issued a writ against the company for £5,500 for money lent. The solicitor for the company suffered a con- senting judgment, and on the same day (1st June) execution was issued, and the sheriff has advertised the property to be sold on the 20th June. The plaintiffs contend that this is a fraud on the shareholders that such a large sum is not due to Messrs. Curtain and the others that one of the directors, Mr. Dwyer, was kept by his brother directors in ignorance of the whole transaction, whereas if it had been a legitimate affair they would have told him something about it. His Honour granted the injunction. A ghost has been seen in Spring-street, near the Princess' Theatre, Melbourne. The story is vouched for to the Telegraph by " the head of a well-known Melbourne firm." Here is the story On Saturday afternoon, the 14th instant, I was on my way home from business, in company with a gentleman ; the time was as nearly as possible six: to ten minutes past six. We were passing along Spring-street, on the opposite side to the Princess' Theatre, and about opposite to that building, when I suddenly imagined that I was on the point of running against some object which was crossing the footpath from the fence to the road, and I put out my hands to prevent striking. I observed the extraordinary appearance pass across my path and, as it were, completely in the way of my friend, who was walking on my left hand. He instantly stopped, and also placed his hands out in order to prevent a collision. In pure astonishment we watched the appearance for perhaps four seconds, when it completely vanished. On Sunday, 15th, the following day, I was passing the spot, only this time on the top of an omnibus, when I pointed to the place, and mentioned the fact to the driver, who told me that another gentleman about a month or six weeks back, had stated that he came bolt up against somebody or something at that very spot, and that he shouted out to it Now, then, mind where you're coming, when he also was somewhat startled to see the appearance suddenly disappear." Thursday's Express says Two well-known limbs of the law were taken to the Swanston-street lock-up to-day on a charge of creating a breach of the peace on the steps of the District Court, Little Collins-street east. It appeared that from something which took place in the court, wherein Mr. F. Stephen is said to have cast a personal reflection on Mr. Kane, that gentleman's dancer was " viz ;" and on emerging from the sacred precincts he threatened to inflict condign punishment on Mr. Stephen. Mr. Lloyd interfered, driving the latter a clip" on the head. This " declaration " was of course followed by a "replication," then by rejoin- der, sur-rejoinclor, rebutter, and sur- robuttor," during which legal process the hat of Mr. Kane came to grief, and the left temple of Mr. Lloyd bore prima-facie evidence of a case for the magisterial bench. This movement in legal circles has given rise to much comment, and to no little amount of chaff. The belligerents are required to appear to-morrow to explain the cause of the disturbance. Our Elaine correspondent writes :-" Considerable anxiety has been felt to-day (Wednesday), on account of the mysterious disappearance of Mr. M'Rae, formerly a Presbyterian minister, lately in poor health, and residing with his brother, Mr. Donald McRae, overseer of the Caroop station. The brothers were out riding together on Tuesday, when Mr. Donald McRae stopped to speak to some one on the station, the brother riding on towards home. Soon after his horse was found tied to a gate, and at first very little notice was taken, as it was assumed he had only walked somewhere in the neighbourhood ; but when some hours passed without his return, anxiety was felt, and messengers were despatched to Morrisons, Meredith, and Steiglitz without success. This afternoon his body was discovered in a dam, a short distance only from the place where he had left his horse. The deceased gentleman was much respected, and no motive is known for what appears to have been self-destruction."-Star, 19th June. A lamentable accident occurred about seven o'clock on Tuesday evening in the mine of the New Golden Stream Company, at Campbell's Hill, between Smythesdale) and Haddon. It appears that two men, John Polkinghorn and Ralph Coulter, had been working in a drive near to old ground, when the main set of timber canted, and both men were instantly overwhelmed by a sandy drift. In the course of about three hours and a half Polkinghorn was extricated, and it was found that, fortunately, with the exception of his legs having been bruised, he had not sustained much injury. Coulter, however, was not got out till about midday on Wednesday ; he was doubled up and quite dead. He was a resident of Piggoreet, and leaves a widow and five children. It appears that he had only worked a few shifts in the claim. The body was removed to Corson's Oddfellows' Hotel to await the inquest Ibid. Thursday's Geelong Advertiser says An old man named Thomas Walker, who richly deserves the title of the prince of vagrants, wiB looked up last evening. Walker is about 70 years of age - grey-headed, fresh coin proposed old follow. For nearly a quarter of a century, save on a few occasions when accommodated with lodgings at the watchhouse, he has made his bed in the open air, generally without rug or blanket. His stock-in-trade has invariably been a small dirty swag, a tobacco pipe, and a tin pannikin. With these j and the aid of a walking stick, he has ! trudged his way through the world, subsisting to a great extent on beer and other stimulants. I neither these nor the weather seem to have had the slightest effect on his general health, for at his advanced age he is a halo hearty old man. ! Last evening he was found pursuing his usual ' avocation, that of a sturdy beggar, and the constable on duty finding him diligently engaged accosting people in Malop-street, had him conveyed to the lock-up, where he was charged with vagrancy. The Courier tells a story of some young people , who have hit upon a plan of circumventing the land regulations in the following manner : " There are two young men residing on the Smeaton Plains, who have pegged out 320 acres each in the neighbourhood of St. Arnaud. Their intended better halves have applied for a similar area alongside, and it is arranged that as soon as the land board grants the licences the happy union shall take place. Should the Minister of Lands enforce the residential obtuse they purpose erecting their homesteads on the boundaries of their respective allotments." With their sitting rooms on one allotment and their bedrooms in the adjoining one, those sentimental selectors will be hard nuts for Mr. Casey to crack. NEW SOUTH WALES. Our files are to the, 17th inst. At last full of years and honour, the Chief Justice has resigned himself to the common fate, and sent in his resignation of the office which he has filled so long and so well. As the resignation I is not to take effect until November, there will be time enough to talk about his successor, and as he is still lie facto Ohiof J tisUce, it is scarcely yet time to talk about him, in that capacity. After a long life in harness we may well wish him a pleasant spell in the fattest of clover for the evening of his days, as one would for any other faithful old servant, when utterly worn out. Empire. Those were dear kisses in which the captain of the British Commodore indulged on his way to this port. The Board appointed to investigate the case have Unod him £2511 Ita. Od. (estimated, we suppose, at so much per Miss), deprived the surgeon of his gratuity, and the matron of half of hers, and disqualified both for future employment on emigrant vessels. This is sharp justice and we should like to see the evidence which has rendered it necessary. The captain, we understand, is naturally indignant at his treatment, and says that it is the old story of woman's ingratitude. If he hadn't kissed the girls they would have kissed him, which would have come to much the same thing, and in any case, they were villains to kiss and tell.-I3»i»ire. . 1. The Sydney Morning Herald says : " The arrangements for the Mail Service or rather for the services-have now assumed definite shape. Three contracts have been actually signed. On behalf of Queensland; Mr. Daintree, the Agent-General has signed a contract in England with Messrs. McTaggart, Tillman, and Co. for the Torres Straits line in Melbourne, Mr. Francis has signed a contract with Mr. Macaulay, an agent for the P. and O. Co., for the Gallo line and in Sydney, Mr. Parker has signed a contract with Mr. H. H. Hall for the San Francisco line. These three agreements have all been made, and it is to be presumed will all be carried out." The Herald thus sums up some remarks about the cost : " The actual extra outlay required to connect Australia with the mother country by the three separate routes will devolve exclusively on the colonies, and they have now jointly. made themselves responsible for an annual payment of £L5S,000. This fact deserves to be considered by, those English politicians who are always declaim-; ing upon the burdens the colonies are to the mother country, and the wrongs of the English taxpayer. These three mail services, for which colonial Treasuries alone are made responsible, will be just as serviceable to British as to Australian commerce, and will be every whit as much an advantage to the mother country as to the colonies. Even if we credit the Home Government with the estimated money value of its assistance to the three lines, it only amounts to £50,000, as against £158,000, or rather less than one-third. Of course, the colonies will to some extent recoup themselves by postages ; but even after making the most liberal allowance on that score, they are much more heavily taxed than are the British people for a service which is of value, to both parties." 