TOWN TALK. Wo Buppose it must hnvo been pnrely a matter of pounds, sbillingB, and penco, that animated discussion on Monday, at the North Shore as to the closing: or other* wiso of a couple of streets, or so many BenBiblo pcoplo would never have stopped so long out of thoir warm beds, kicking up a row over BO small a business. AVo aro far too wiso in our 'generation to meddle with tho merits it the question nt present convulsing that lively suburb-even supposing we know anything about them, which, candidly, wo are .thankful to Bay we dornt But wo really do think thero can have been ho occasion for Mr. 'ihumia "Robertson. M.L.A., to drag that wretched Kiama Ghost into the discussion, Surely it is time that poor shade were allowed to rest in peace. Fearful, Indeed, mu«,t have been the crime iu lifo that can only be expiated af tar death by the per- petual trotting out, by parliamentary and platform orators, of the groaning ghost of ita author. Moreover, Mr. Robertson, being a Inwyor, should hive known better than to interfere with a long-established vested interest. His irreverent rahing of that ill-used speotre was not only cruel to tho peor ghost, but diatiuotly un- fair to Mr. Forstor. It is to bo hoped tho four gallant Majors despatched to Goulburn to inquire iuto Uaptuiu Rossi-what a lot of finding out that gallant oMcor takeB- will have a pleasant timo of it. To bo sure this is only tho third timo of asking whothor Captain Kossi bo n fit and proper person to command n company of Volunteers or not, and a thrico-told talo ia uot usually very interest- ing. Every ono know« what the witnesses will say, and ovory ono knows what Captain .Kossi will say, and avery oue hopes to hear nothing moro of oithor. It may gratify that gallant officer to consider himself a BOIL of . superior Uazaine, infamously ill-used at tho hands of a lot of ill-conditioned' canaille. But to tho public, wo are sorry to nssuro him, ho is fast becoming almost as intolerable a nuisance a» ho long seems to have been to .bib men. , Of cou* sa there wnsuo blowing in Molbouroo on Mon- day nicht. Victory,unexpected ns itmusthavobeou, waa borno modestly and grncafuHy, and not a solitary puff reminded the unfortuuato ünglishuiuu that they were amongst a. people but lately bmndod by their niatiu guiBhod litorary countryman UH tao most bUtnnt tindor tho sun. At least BO it must bo hoped for the wilt o of the good follows, to wboiu defu»t, aud such a défont, must have been gnlikg enough without any kiudly, agrotable " rubbi. g in," Only in one quarter did wo bear tho umiablo and characteristically colonial asser- tion that tho " thiug must havu been squared." Tho remark may possibly huve boon complimentary to the Englishmen as oriokc.t'jra ; mill, we should like to hear or seo Mr. W. G. Graon's reply to the ingeuuoua youth whose only alternative for victory ia roguery. Our poetical friend BC3ms to ho iu tho " doldrums" again. Perhaps it is thoutturo of the pc :tio mind to ba subject to these sudden heats and chills, or porhaps he has been pursuing his investigations of beauty on " tho block" further than prudence, according' to modern fashion, warranted^ »nd found, Uko anothor poet before him, that undor certain conditions . All ls not sweet, allis not fair. ' At any rato thus solemnly does ha take "final farewell of tho long-haired, silky sirona of George streot." TO THE BELLES Ol' SXDNEY. O, Sydney belles, O, Sydney bellas, That rule tho fate orsydnoy swulla, . Whoso slightest word or look can make 'A man turn monkey for your sake. Bay what's tbeiocretof ynurapells? "WhoreHes your strength, O Sydney belles? 'Tis not In beauty, nor In grace Who falla lu love now with a face? -,"?. -.. 'Hs not In ologance nor taste. Ker'even in a wasp-like waist. Th« da;a of bustle* long ara o'er, E'en orlnollno now charms no more. Is lt, as with the fair of old In silver songs to harps of gold? * IiilaugMug lips and loving oyes? Or skill In housewifery or pira? Alaa 1 the good old days nra dead, . ". Tho harps are dumb, the pies ure lead. Bucb apella might aervo your dear mammas,' When first they tuotyour.pupus ; A happier lot their naughton share, Horn to adorn au ate of ha'r With stolen charms our hearts to prig, And win a husband-with a wig. 3 tin [the early part of this week, says tho Tamworth Weekly Mews, Mr. Riobard Dines, of Tulloona station, while returning to- lila home, and when only a Tow miles frmn Warialda, waa seriously lnjnred by being thrown from his buigy. We ure informed thu the fort-carriage came away, and the vehlolo tilted up, throwing Mr. Sines out violently, und breaking one of bia arms near to the shoulder. . . . The church wardens 'of Trinity Church, Bowen, have received a letter from the Lord Bishop of Sydney to the efleot that lils |Lordshlp will be oblo to send thom a minister after Christinas, If Unwell can subsorlbo £lf¡0 und the surrounding district £100 t»r annum tn tho stipend fund. Tho B.P.Q. will contribute £60 a.year, and th« society in Sydney will give something towards theclergyman's travelling oxpensos and.outfit. . The gentleman nominated lu Mr. Bpoonor, a single mau, who liss considerable experlenoo as a catechist, and will ba ordained at Christmas. - Among tho harbour excursions which took Slace on Boning Day, probably tlio- most patronised, and tho rgest gathering of the kind, was tits Protestant plahlo to Chowder'Bay, It ls estimated that Ova thousand persons visited Clifton grounds' during the day, . there being no lass than four powerful steamers laid an to convey thom to tho spot. The bout was very great, but tba plenlokors gavu them salves up to unreserved enjoyment, dancing to tho etralua of tho Parramatta Volunteer Hand, llstCnluß to tho moloillesof Ethiopian minstrels, watohliigthamerry.go- rounris.&o.;,while others strolled up the hill to view the defences, mid dispersed themselves lu groupa In the most shady nooks on tho margin ortho water, iSvery attention waa paid to the comfort of tho guests by theoommittee,and beyattd a few harmless immer- sions In tho wator and the grounding of one of the steamms, which Involved some delay lu tho return trip, all passed off ns morry as possible. . "A telegram from Gunnedah, datod IVidny, 8 .p.m., in tim Tamworth Weekly Astes, states t a. terrino thunderstorm oucurrcd here on YVediiesdar evonlng. and baa beau raining heavily at Intervals since. The races have been postponed tilt "T*Tew x"«r*s Day lu caiirequcnoe. "Tba Town Plato raco will lie for fifteen sovereigns, instead of ten, ns advertised. Tim Boggabri correspondons nf Ute some jonrrinl wrl'e«': Th« wontlier ls atlllvory unsottlod. > Laat week wo oxpsi'ioimett tho hottest day» felt here tor some timo, and on Saturday, tho ISth Instant, a dreadful burri cana swept ovor'uur ltttlo tuwu. but fortuna! j|y lt did nat last long. Immonso trees, several nf which ware struck Into atoms by the lightning, caa be sean lying nhontln all direc- tions. Tho »tabling cf Mr. Evarlngham, of th« Kooli, was Mown to the ground, but no serious damage was dme A. man. riding on horseback during tue otorin, narrowly .scanod witt! lils Ufo, A tree fell and stttiok lils bono on tho hindquarters, but no Injury wus dona to oltbor. 