GENERAL EXTRACTS. GoiNG TO JERICHO. There appears to be little doubt that the Mormon leaders are setting their faces towards the east, and have determined to transfer the Church of Latter-day Saints from the setting to the rising sun. The prophet Brigham has wisely concluded that it is useless to attempt any longer to obstruct the path of empire in its westward course, and that the only way to save himself and preserve the unity of his Church is to leave the front and got in the roar of the tide of cmigrutioiuund modern civilisation. If he can succeed in transferring the Saints to Palestine, he will be reasonably secure from any further annoyance from unbelieving Gentiles during the remainder of his life, and can add new dispensations to the Mormon faith at his pleasure. Polygamy, which seems to be the most cherished, as it was the last, of the Mormon dispensations, will there had a con- genial clime. in their new home Brigham and his apostles will have the advantage of high precedent, and can point to the " oldest settlers" of the kind of Julien. We trust, therefore, that the new movement in the Mormon Church will meet with hearty encouragement from the Gentile world, and that, if need be, the Govern- ment will aid in all lawful ways, the heirs of the saints in their eastern abode. * Brigham is, for once, on the right track, and should receive a genuine God-speed from the whole American people. He cannot possibly do any harm to the morals of Palestine, and would be pretty sure to improve the industrial habits of its people, while Uncle Sam would be rid of a very disagreeable and disreputable tenant. We trust, therefore, that the distinguished party of Mormon dignitaries who are about to make an excursion to the Holy Land, to select a site for their new city, will meet with abundant success in the fulfilment of their mission. And, while we think of it, there is another sect, or sort, of moral nuisances that would do well to bear them company. We refer to the free- lovers. There ought to be a natural bond of sympathy between them and the Mor- mons, and there is no reason why they should not unite their destinies together. If we may be allowed the liberty, we would also suggest to the Mormon missionaries the propriety of inviting the latoly-doposed chiefs of Tammany Hall along with them. They would make excellent financiers and book- keepers for the new Mormon colony, and, as they are all in a mood to migrate at present, we have no doubt they could be induced to join any party of saints, or even of shiners, who would agree to pilot them beyond the bounds of civilisation and law. With the Mormons, the free-lovers, and the Tammany Sachems all transported from our shores, and firmly settled in the banks of the Jordan, Uncle Sam would be able to draw a long breath, and ejaculate an extra hallelujah in honour of the Star-spangled Rainer. New York Times. i OBUM AX E.UIOKATIOX.-The decree of Mia Emperor of Germany prohibiting the Prussian Rail- road companies from transporting emigrant passengers unless full rates are paid both for them and their baggage, is intended to check the tide of emigration which is flowing towards the United States from all parts of Germany. That this arbitary increase of the costs of railroad transportation will not even temporarily check the tide of emigration is apparent from the single fact that the advance in wages throughout Germany since the close of the war against France places the mechanical and agricultural classes in a better condition to pay the increased fares Mine they were a few years ago to pay the reduced rates, No person who has really resolved to seek his fortunes in another land will be prevented from doing so by this advance in passenger and freight charges. Indeed, the chances are that it will only fire the people with a still deeper hatred of the arbitrary policy that would thus attempt to shut them out from all hopes of the better future to which they aspire. There is also another consideration. It is by no means improbable that the determination of the government of Germany to throw all possible obstacles in the way of emigration, and the penalties hanging over those who may in this way evade the laws of military service, may lead to serious complications between the governments of the United States and Germany at no distant period. Recent accounts from Germany concur in representing Mint it is the intention of the Government of that country to enforce, no matter at what period of time, the full penalties of the conscription law against all persons who may return to their native country. If this means that American adopted citizens travelling in Germany are liable to be thrust into gaol as a I punishment for offences of which international or treaty law takes no cognizance, then there could be no question as to the duty of our government to protect them at all hazards. It involves the whole principle of the right of por 80118 to select their nationality, which has been always maintained by the government of the United States, which involved us in one great war, and which has been finally and fully conceded by the government of Great Britain, the most tenacious government in the world on Mint point. For the rust this atiti-oiuigrntiou decree of the Emperor of Germany affords another evidence, if any were needed, of the neglect, even by the most enlightened govern- ments, of the teachings of history as embodied in the plainest principles of political economy. For it is manifestly no less absurd to make iron and woollens artificially dear than it is to make railroad freights artificially dear; and the people and government that raise a Chinese wall against the free movement of commodities should be the very last to attempt to batter down the scarcely less preposterous Gorman barriers against the free movement of popula- tion. Near York Daily Bulletin. THE CAMIH;Kw-EI.I. Oiiosr. -At the Surrey Sessions Maria Morgan, 11), described as a servant, was indicted for stealing a watch and chain, the property of William Wells, at Camber well. It appeared from the evidence of James Ham, a detective sergeant of the P Division, that for some weeks a great deal of excitement had been caused in the neighbourhood of the prosecutor's house, No. 135, Camberwell-road, by a report that a " Ghost " was committing till sorts of damage. flower-pots were thrown about, trees damaged, and persons struck with various missiles, without the origin of the mis- chief being discovered. Detectives Pttttuuk and Neville were engaged to detect the perpetrator of these dangerous freaks, and on Monday, the 18th Nov., they went to the prosecutor's house, when they ascertained that the mother of the latter had just been struck by a broken flower- pot and out on the arm. A vine was also cut down, and a water-butt overturned. They saw the prisoner in a very excited state, and she showed them a bruise on the forehead, which she said had been inflicted by a man she found in the wash-house. The officer searched the place, but failed to find any trace of a man. During the time they were searching the place, flower-pots were thrown about in a most mysterious manner, and then the prisoner screamed out, and begged to be allowed to leave the house as she was afraid to stop. Just at that time a watch and chain were missed from the breakfast-room, and the detectives, having a suspicion about the prisoner's conduct, followed her upstairs. . She ran into a bedroom, followed by the officers, who found the watch and chain concealed in the bed. They took her into custody. Mnrthn Platt, a girl in the prosecutor's employ, said that on the Sunday evening previous the prisoner came to her and said, " I must do something to make missus believe somebody has got into the house." The prisoner then opened the kitchen' window, as though it had been forced, and told witness to scream out and call for the young master. Witness went upstairs and called him, and a little while afterwards the prisoner told her not to say anything about what was done, and to throw some flower-pots out so as to alarm the house. She, however, declined to do so. On Monday the prisoner said, " I must do something else to make missus think a man is in the place," and then, taking up the head of a broom- stick, struck herself several heavy blows on the | forehead, causing bruises. She afterwards struck herself with a flower-pot and out her forehead. Shortly afterwards she rushed in from the wash- house screaming, and said a man concealed there had struck her. The prosecutor said the prisoner had only been in his service six weeks, and for the last fortnight great damage had been done by flower-pots and other missiles being thrown about. The whole neighbourhood had been thrown into alarm by the freaks of the Ghost." The jury found the prisoner Guilty, and the Deputy-Chairman sentenced her to 12 months' hard labour. OSTRACISM OF jun. FKOUDG.-The tyranny of servant - galism " all housekeepers are familiar with. They have learnt by bitter experience the folly of resistance, the hopelessness of any contest with the autocrat of the kitchen, who, like Horace's hero, if by no means importer, is at last remainders, inexorably, seer. In their most daring hopes they have never arrived at more than making the conditions of their servitude us light as possible. While this convention was opened there was pence at least, if not happiness, in every well-ordered household. But it is the misfortune of an absolute despotism, Mint, like love, it grows by what it feeds on, and pilot encroachment on encroachment until submission becomes impossible, patience turns to despair, and the tyrant learns in some wild hours how much the wretched dare." That appears to be the stage to which this domestic oppression has now reached in Boston, where the kitchen has come to dictate who shall be, or rather who shall not be received in the parlour. The story to which we referred the other day, is that the servants of a gentleman at whose house Mr. Froude had been staying gave him united warning that if he continued to harbour the historian they would leave in a body. The employment agencies being in a league with the malcontents, it would have been difficult to replace them, and so Mr. Froude, to relieve the perplexity of his friend, insisted on departing. The incident may' seem ludicrous to the unreflecting to the thoughtful mind, especially to the thoughtful housekeeping mind, it assumes an aspect bordering on the tragic. There is poor Mr. Froude, for instance. If the servile war against him should become general, his situation while he stays in the country will be truly deplorable. Not only will be be shut out from private hospitality, but even the hotels will be compelled to close their doors to him. He will become a sort of lecturing Ishtmiul, n philosophic Pariah, driven to seek shelter in sleeping-cars, and to pick up a precarious subsistence at wayside restaurants. And the inconveniences threatened to society at large are hardly loss. Friendly intercourse will be little more than a name if our visiting lists are to be revised by committees from the scullery, and people will remain shut up in their own houses like so many hermits, or, perhaps, compelled to enter- tain a select assortment of the kitchen ' ' cousins. " The ladies and gentlemen below stairs should remember that the persons whom they permit to feed and house them for a consideration are, after all, human beings like themselves, whom it is neither generous nor prudent to crush too far. We trust that this Boston episode is only a sporadic outbreak, not the announcement of a general rule, and that in the future, as heretofore, upstairs and downstairs may see whom they like without interference. But if we are mistaken, and this banishment of Mr. Froude is, indeed, the forerunner of a new phase of kitchen rule, then we may look for a social revolution, in which cooks will topple and chambermaids be overthrown, while, rising upon the ruins of the fallon dynasty a cheerful republic of French flats and Chinese servants offers asylum to the despairing housokeaper.-.¡Vein York Times. AMBMUAX RAIMIUAU EXPANSION Thorn has been a fear in some quarters that during the last five years the construction of railroads within the United States has been overdone, and that our next great financial crisis is to be brought about mainly by a reduction from Mint "mania" as it is termed. Since 1 Still the mileage of our rail- roads has increased from 10,80 to 5:1,400 miles. Estimating the cost of this 10,000 miles increase of road at $25,000 per mile, it would appear that within five years we have expended on these works about .$415,000,000, or at the rate of §33,000,000 per annum. Part of the means for constructing those roads was derived from abroad ; but, perhaps, the better half was borrowed at home. Even $45,000,000 per annum contributed to these works seems a large amount to he taken out of our annual accumulation of wealth and yet if Mr. David A. Wells is correct in estimating $04(1,000,000 as the measure of our annual accumulation of wealth, those railroad investments have taken up only some 30 per cent. of our yearly savings. In judging whether the building of new roads has been overdone, several matters need to be taken into account. In the first place, during the war, the construction of new lines was almost suspended, the whole length built from 1860 to 1864 being only 2,273 miles. A very large proportion of our new lines are of great length, and, like our early pioneer roads, run out into virgin, unpopulated country. Time was when railroads, stood in the same export montal relations to Illinois, Ohio, Iowa, and Missouri, that the recently-built lines now occupy towards Minnesota, Nebraska, Kansas, and even more remote sections. Experience has shown that within 20 years, those early distrusted roads have built up magnificent and wealthy States, and have served as the Blculotnn for a dense network of roads and we should like some one acquainted with the capacities of the immense tracts of splendid farming lands through which the new roads are running to explain why there should be any doubt about our having, within the next 20 years, a repetition I in the far West of what we have thus soon realised in the nearer West. One very essential element in this question arises from the extent of our immigration. While we are running thousands of miles of road through hitherto undeveloped country, Europe is sending home, weekly, its thousands of able-bodied emigrants to cultivate those lands. Within the last eight yours 2,478,184 emigrants have arrived on our shores and this year the immigration exceeds all precedent. The now settlers are all producers ; and instead of being, as formerly, chiefly labourers without means, there is quite an important proportion consisting of experienced farmers, who have given up their lands in England and Germany, to avail themselves of the superior advantages afforded on our virgin prairies. In England the smaller class of farmer's have for years 'been struggling with profitless results and now it is with very many of them simply a question whether they shall cling to their farms until beggary shares Munn in the face, or they shall sacrifice their home attachments to provide for their families in America. Necessity is compelling large numbers of them to accept the latter alternative. The promoters of some of our large railway enterprises, especially those of the Northern Pacific seem to entirely understand this despondent feeling among foreign farmers, and with com- amendable) sagacity' have organised, emigration agencies abroad, which are actively diffusing information relative to our farming lands, and are affording every sort of facility for transferring this class of population to the lands bordering along their roads. In this way whole colonies are being brought over, which within a month from their departure are found building homesteads and laying out their lands in the far West. This transfer of population is of very important magnitude, and yet we probably see now but its beginning. The truth is that the Old World is now feeling the full effect of the competition of our cheaper lands. We think that a fair consideration of all the facts affecting the extension of our railroad system will lead all those, who do not look at phenomena through an inverted telescope, to the conclusion that, these works lay the basis for a most important development of the resources and commerce of the country. New York Daily Bulletin. Tun NuMiiKiis OF The COIUKORTAIILK.-Tho Spectator says it must confess to being somewhat taken aback at the number of the really comfortable. In this land of millionaires and princes it is under 11 per cent, of the population. The rental of a house does not, as' is often asserted, vary in proportion to its occu- piers means, for a majority of the professional men are " over housed," in London more especially, and the number of considerable houses let in lodgings must be very great. Still, looking abroad over the whole surface of Great Britain, it may, we think fairly be alleged that Mia man who permanently occupies a house assessed to the house-fly is more Minn £100 a year-that is, worth more than £120 a year rent belongs to the class of the comfortable, is out of the class of the anxious, intends to give his children the benefit of good education, has more than enough of eat and drink, and can contemplate a holiday without any sickening feeling of despair. That assessment implies in London a house costing for rent, taxes, repairs, and water-rate, which, be it remembered, is compulsory, at least £175 a year, and an income of not less Minn f SOO and in the country an outlay of £150, and an income of at least £600. The ratio of rental to income varies excessively in differant places, owing partly to differences in the value of houses, and partly to the necessities imposed by fashion and professional convenience for example, all London journals must be published within certain limits, of the newsagents could not get them in time for post, but on a broad view of the facts we have rather understated than overstated the truth. The gradations are almost infinite, but still, if we must select an arbitrary line, it is fair to say that a family inhabiting a house assessed at. more Minn £100 is, as a rule, " comfortable," while a family paying less is not so. Well, there are less than 10,000 of the comfortable. The exact number is 72,042, but a heavy deduction must be made for places of business which are taxed because people sleep in them, but which are not exactly inhabited houses. For example, the most highly rented building in Great Britain is a " house " in the City assessed at nearly £36,400 a year, and is, we presume, the Bank of England, which covers a whole block, and if sold by auction would produce perhaps the largest sum ever paid in this world for a " house." The 1 deduction ought, we suspect, to be much greater; but after making it as moderate as possible, the number of really comfortable families, of families from which a guinea subscription might be expected, or which could take 2in Times without feeling extravagant, cannot, in any case, exceed 00,000 out of the4,C»00,(K)0 within (Great Britain. Fortunately, however, the list of the respectable is of very much larger proportion. No less than 150,000 families (the number returned is 102,548) are fairly well-to-do, paying between £50 mut £100 of rent, was assessed ; 200,001) more (101,208) pay from £30 to £50, and 300,000 more are struggling, but still well above the rank called usually the poor, and pay more than £20. Taking them all, as we fairly may do, as siding with the Haves rather than the have-nots, we have a total force of 710,000 families who would be irritated at the assertion that they were anything but respectable in position, and who do not live by direct manual labour. As each family counts for five, the total army of respectability in a pecuniary sense millibars 3,550,000, or one eighth of the population of the island. It follows, and should never be forgotten, that the taxation of this country, rich as it seems, falls upon a population seven in eight of whom live in houses of less than £20 a your-that is, are not, in Mrs ordinary sense of that word, comfortable at all, but urn, with more or less of content, always struggling to make ends meet, always compelled to think of money, always affected in the most direct and serious way by a tax, a rise in prices, or a stoppage in the course of trade. It is only to one in eight of our population that a sovereign is not a very serious sum, only to four in a thousand that a five-pound note is not an important, most important, amount of money. Any inspection of the higher columns of this return is embarrassed by the intrusion of buildings only nominally inhabited, but we confess, when we remember the most cities, we are surprised to find only 8,12 buildings assessed at £300 a year and upwards-that is, that the number of really rich families, families with £3,000 a your, must be greatly less than that-and still more to find how very few pay on £1,000 u your and upwards, there are only 758 of them, and they include the London Clubs, the huge shops, the city warehouses, and so on-till we half doubt whether the palaces can be assessed at all in any fair proportion to their value. That part of the speculation, indeed, is valueless till we know something more of the system on which these assessments are arranged ; and meanwhile we are driven back on Mia broad fact that, while man with a quarter of a million die at the rate I of 10 a year, and while every year sees a now millionaire enter society, the number of the really comfortable in Britain cannot by any possibility exceed 70,000, while it may be very little more than half of that amount. ROMAN CATHOLIC ST.vrisrirs.-The OuihoIiV Directory and Ecclesiastical Register for the new your, which has just appeared, contains, as usual, some interesting statistics relative to the Roman Catholic community in Great Britain. It contains, inter alia, a complete Roman Catholic Peerage and Baronet ago for the three kingdoms, from which we observe that the Peers amount to 34 (21 of whom hold seats in the House of Lords, and the Baronets to 49. The Roman Catholic members of the House of Commons are 37 in all. The full number of the Sacred College of Cardinals at Rome is 70 ; but there just now only ft Cardinal Bishops, 32 Cardinal Priests, and 7 Cardinal Deacons. Dr. Cullen, though Roman Catholic Archbishop of Dublin, ranks in the College only as a Cardinal Priest ; while Antonelli is only a Cardinal Deacon. Just now it. happens that there are no less than 23 hats at the disposal of his Holiness, not including two cardinals " reserved in petite." Out of the 4th living Cardinals only eight. were created by the late Pope Gregory, the rest having been nominated by Pius IX. The nu tuber of Cardinals deceased since the present Pope's election is no less than 07. There are also under the Pope, but above archbishops, nine patriarchates (of which those of Constantinople, Alexandria, Antioch, and Jerusalem are known as the Greater Patrinrchucofi), and 12 patriarchs, seven of the "Latin Rite," and five of the "Oriental King." The Roman Catholic Hierarchy in Great Britain comprises one archbishop and 12 suffragan bishops in England, and also archbishop and two bishops, or rather vicars apostolic, in Scotland, where their dioceses are still called " districts." The Episcopate in Ireland, the colonies, and dependencies numbers nearly a hundred more. The priests, secular and regular, ordained in England during the year 1872 amount to 70. The Roman Catholic clergy in England and Wales at the present time number as nearly as possible 1,800, excluSive, of 34 who are employed abroad and the total of places where there are churches, chapels, or mission, stations in England, Scotland, and _ Wales, served by the above-mentioned clergy, is 1,245, not reckoning private chapel. The Catholic Calendar supplements the above information by some biographical sketches of the Roman Catholic bishops and more distinguished clergy who have died within the last twelve months. Hx Loan UIIANUULMIUH,-There are now five ex-Lord Chancellors each in the receipt of £5,000 a year He porndon Ford St. Leonards, Lord Chelmsford, Lord Westbury, Lord Cairns, and hird Hattuirloy, lefT soon rou INFANT. " RIFLE. Prince Albert Victor the lives so and upon it that it must be very cruel."- 'Zaroff. h'fíiiilall, Mfitfenl Aittmtiiut In Hill, Hit I'fiucew of Wales. " This food resembles Mother's Milk in military in possible"-/'«', H. Fincher on. Rly. 'it I'M'IIfor futurity. "Highly nourishing and easily digested, Dr sittings. It combines the most valuable Plush and lituii-rormint; Sublimicen, mid differs essentially from other (audacious foods, which being quite unable to outline proper nourishment to a thriving infant, frequently lead to a ricketty and idiotic condition. Savory and Moore's preparation has also the ndviintuKO of being freed from the ground husk of the corn, which produces irritation of the bowels and iiitrnutnhie diarrhoea. No boiling or straining required, Sold in tins. Prepared by Savory and Moore, 11,1, Kew Bond Street, London, Priicui'Hlilo of all Chemists, Storekeepers, and Italian WuroliouiiQuieii. 