WESLEYAN CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. On Sunday last sermons in connexion with the above were preached in the new church, Goldsmith street, by the Rev. G Hurst, and collections were made in aid of the funds. On Monday evening, a public tea-meeting was held in the schoolrooms attached to the Goulburn lecture-hall, the proceeds to be dedicated to the new church fund, The tables which had been amply supplied by Mr. Pain, were presided over by the ladies of the congregation, and were soon furnished with guests. Fifteen tables had been laid, but were not sufficient to accommodate all the visitors at one sit- ting. After justice had been done to the good things provided for them, those assembled adjourned to the lecture-hall, to attend the usual annual meet- ing held in connexion with the Methodist church. 'lhe Rev. W. Kelynack opened the meeting by calling upon those present to sing a hymn, which having been done, the Rev. Mr. Stead offered up prayer. The Rev. Mr. Kelynack, addressing those present, said that in accordance with the wish of the trustees he had consented to occupy the chair that evening. He did so with much pleasure. He did not intend to make a speech, but only to strike the key-note of gratitude and hope—the first for the past, the second for the future. He had dotted down a few lines to show them what had been done in the past year. They had raised for foreign missions £54; for home missions £56; Sabbath-schools, £40; connex- ional collections, £14; balance on Sabbath collec- tions after meeting other claims, £150; circuit charges, £400; pew-rents, £120; special sub- scriptions for reduction of church debt, £300; making £1134; and they hoped by means of a Christmas-tree and bruce auction to raise £150 in addition. For this object they were open to receive contributions of every kind—-from a needle to an anchor, and from a pig to a bullock. They would take fat turkeys, which they would sell without charging commission, and pocket the pro- ceeds. They had raised £1134 in connection with the church in the past year, and he offered his per- sonal thanks to them, as well as those of the officers of the church. At their last quarterly meeting it was proposed to procure the services of an additional labourer in the circuit, and to apply to the confer- ence for a young active man to work with the super- intendent. He was rejoiced at the tokens of God's presence in connection with the church, and at the manifest signs of His blessing on the work of their hands. He would offer up a petition for the baptism of the Holy Ghost to be more amongst them. He would not make a speech, as they had their old friend the Rev, Mr, Hurst, the Rev. Mr. Stead from Gunning, whom some people called the Archbishop; the Rev. Mr. Kenny; their old friend Mr. Davies; and another old friend to Methodism, Mr. Hodges. He would now call upon the treasurer to read the financial statement. Mr, William Davies some time ago saw a calcula- tion of how long it would take to count a million sovereigns. He thought it would depend upon whose they were, as if they belonged to the counter there would be more pleasure in the task. They had now to hear him count up some money ; and as it was their own, they would feel some pleasure in it. It had been expended on the new church; Mr. Kenny's place of worship had been renovated ; Mr, McKen- zie's had been enlarged and repaired, while the Episcopalians were very grand in their ideas; but he hoped to live to look upon their lofty spire. He gloried in that cathedral, and he trusted ail these churches would go on and prosper. He then read the financial statement, showing receipts amounting to £1485 15s. 1d., including a loan of £1000 without interest, and an expenditure amounting to £696 14s. l1d., to which he added a balance from previous year of £2183 0s 7d. A sum of £141 3s. had been paid for interest, and £141 1s. 01. repaid, as balance of old loan, and various smaller balances of old ac- counts had also been paid. The treasurer explained that there would be no more interest to pay, and that the present loan was without interest, and to be paid off by instalments. He hoped the Christmas tree and the bruce auctions would go under the edge of the second thousand pounds they had borrowed, and then he did not think they would be called upon for extra efforts for another twelve months. They would be able to meet not only all the expenses they had incurred, but also keep their church and premises in repair. As he grew older, with riper judgment, he felt he was in his right place in the Wesleyan Methodist church, and as long as they would keep him he would stay there; but he was always ready to assist all evangelical churches. He was glad to see Mr. Hurst with them that evening. Three years ago he laid the foundation stone of their new church, and he then said no place but Goulburn would have seen him that day. He was also glad to see Mr Kenny, who was always ready to assist them. He hoped Mr. Stead was glad to be with them. In all probability they would not have more than one meeting before their beloved minister was removed to another district. He did not know how they felt, but Mr. Kelynack was so methodistic that he would not consent to stay if asked to do so. He trusted, however, that he would not go far from them. He hoped that next year he would be able to bring forward a more satisfactory statement, though he considered the present one satisfactory, and that the balance on the wrong side of the ledger would he materially decreased. The choir then sang In Jewry is God Known, with good effect. The Rev. Mr. Kenny was pleased to be with them and to see so large an assembly. He was glad that he was a Methodist and brought to a saving know- ledge of the truth. He often thought of scenes he witnessed in Ireland during the revival brought about by the prayers of God's people, the holy spirit acting on the hearts of men and opening their hearts and pockets. They were capable unitedly of bring- ing the spirit of God on Goulburn. It was the first time he had seen Mr. Hurst; but he had read him at home, and had a copy of his work. which he should always keep. The Wesleyans had the prettiest piece of worship in the colony. He was a neighbour and a brother, and should feel very sorry when the chairman left the district. The Rev. Mr. Stead rose to a point of order. He did not know who had called him the archbishop, but he dissented from the title entirely. If he had been a Methodist for twenty years, and had wielded a power like the chairman they might call him so; but he threw off the claim and put it on the shoul- ders of the chairman, who deserved it. He was glad to have such a chairman, and to congratulate them upon the success of the past year. He had been knocking about in his circuit and found the work in Gunning district was no sinecure. They were going to build a church at a cost of £1000, and the Goulburn people had stirred them on to do it by their spire. Gunning intended to have a spire, and a church to seat three hundred persons. The chairman went to Gunning, and made a telling speech, pro- ducing a good result of £470. They had now be- tween £600 and £700, and were obliged to their Goulburn friends for their help and sympathy. He congratulated them on their trust fund, and hoped the great success of the past year would beget renewed hope for the future. The speaker here re- lated an anecdote of Frank Crossly, originally in very poor circumstances, becoming almost a mil- lionaire, who upon hearing a sermon was so struck by it that he gave nearly half a million of money for the advantage of the people. He went on to say that no one lost by giving, that it was a most noble work to support their ministers, and to assist in the propagation of the gospel. He said he had the name of liking money. He did like money, but not only to receive-but to give. It was something grand to give money in support of God's kingdom. Finan- cial prosperity was nothing without moral prosperity in the church. It was not the amount of collections that was so grateful as the conversion of souls. He longed to see more spiritual power, and when true- heartedness existed in the church it upheld the minister. They wanted the baptism of the Holy Spirit to bring up their children in the fear and love of God, and then the work of God would prosper upon earth. The choir then sang Those Evening Bells. Mr. Hodges having been called on to the platform said he was one of the trustees of the Methodist property in Goulburn; and when asked to become one years ago by Mr. Chapman was told he would have nothing to do, but he had found there was plenty. He did not, however, begrudge the time and labour, for he felt it a great pleasure to work for God, a pleasure in this life and in the one to come. He advised the young to begin this work while they were yet young, that when they arrived at his age they might reap the benefit. He at first as a boy contributed threepence per week, and his last con- tribution was £16. Ha did not want to go back, but hoped to continue to assist. He was willing to do so, and he believed he would reap his reward. It was said a few years ago that it would be impossible to build the new church. They had however done so, and were going forward. He was glad to hear figures read when they showed that they were pro- gressing. He was afraid he would not live to see the church out of debt. He was once afraid that he would not live to see the church finished but by God's blessing he had done so. He hoped many more present would follow in his steps. He could not conclude without saying a few words in recogni- tion of the Rev. Mr. Hurst, and thanking him for the liberal sum of £100 that he had presented at the laying of the foundation-stone of the new church. The sustentation fund had also given £600 ; but still they were in debt, and he did not believe in debt, and felt sad when he thought of it. It was for the congregation to help them out of debt, and he appealed to them to do so. They could then go on their way rejoicing. The Chairman bore testimony to the zeal of Mr. Hodges and his kindness in giving, and quoted the instance of John Furnley, who gave thousands upon thousands, and when on his death-bed only repeated two words, "Jesus, mercy," and not one syllable of all he had given. The Rev. G. Hurst, who was received with hearty applause, said he felt happy to be there to take part it the second anniversary of their new church. He had laid the first stone, hut was unable to be present at the consecration, as he was far away crossing rivers while kneeling on his saddle, and sleeping under the canopy of heaven. He would much rather be where he was. Fifteen years ago he came from attending large Methodist churches and congregations in England, and when he entered the old church in Goulburn thought he had come to the day of small things, and that he would not like to serve as his lamented brother had done. A change had come over his feelings in many things. He was glad too that the Methodist people had felt a great change, taking a more correct view of their position as a church, moving out of their old church into their beautiful new one. He wished to address them on two points: First, as to their heavy debt. It was not respectable to be in debt, and it was injustice if they were unable to pay. It brought misery and ultimate ruin. He had early taken a resolution to live within his means, however small. There was a time when Methodists in England were accustomed to say it was a good thing to be in debt, as it gave people something to do to remove it. He was glad to say a new light had dawned, and they now exerted themselves to remove all debt. They would never have perfect peace till their debt was cancelled. The constant calls to pay interest and to repay the loans must disturb their quiet and use up their resources. If they paid off their debt they would be able to assist in building churches in other parts of the district, and if they got the young labourer their chairman spoke about they would he able to support him, and the whole Methodist church in the country would assist them. Their very excellent treasurer had told them he hoped they would hear no more of the loan; but he hoped they would again and again till it was paid off. He recommended them to pay the instalments years before they were due, and then ask for another loan. He urged upon them to give with liberality. His next subject was the promotion of spiritual life in themselves and others, without which he said their new church would be of but little use. While the press of all Christian countries teemed with articles speaking on the subject of Christian religion in a way never heard of before, still infidelity on the one hand and externals on the other were increasing. He spoke of the pompous ritual of the Church of Rome and of the injury done to the established church, and to the nonconforming church at home by adherence to forms and ceremonies and the love of externals; but in doing so he did not deprecate the beautiful in church architecture and in the ceremonies of the church, but would have them in connection with true religion and godliness. He spoke of two revivals in the last one hundred and thirty years, one of Puseyism culminating in ritualism; the other of Methodism, a religion not of outward forms and ceremonies but true and spiritual; a practical religion proclaiming the grand truths of the gospel in every quarter with an earnestness and power startling to the sinful world. He declared that most of the non-con- forming churches were brought under its influence, working a great change in the mind and morals of England, in the colonies, and more particularly in heathen lands, and establishing the largest and most successful church in the world, All his remarks ap- plied to the Methodist church in this land us well as in England. He said the Methodists in their father- land cultivated the beautiful in their churches, and in the service of God, by spiritual life, and by the baptism of the holy spirit the Methodist church had become a greater means of conversion than ever. He warned them to take care of their personal experiences and practice. Goulburn was the head of a large Methodist district, and should show an example to and influence the whole district. Their spire and church had gone far to build the Gunning church, and he hoped it would give existence to many more. He gave his heartiest wishes for their prosperity both in this life and the life to come. What he had seen in Goulburn made him almost wish they had sent him an invitation to come and live amongst them. If he should never have another opportunity to ad- dress them in this life, he hoped to join them in sing- ing the praises of their Redeemer in the life to come. A collection was then made, and the choir sang the anthem Holy, holy, after which Mr. Davies said he wanted to invite the sympathy of parents on be- half of their children, who were earnest and anxious to assist in the Christmas-tree. They hoped to re- alise something handsome by this scheme, and it was a good thing to set the children to work with their hands. He now mentioned offers of assistance from some who had left the school, and that in one class the boys had subscribed half a guinea each. The parents ought to help their children, and if they did they would have a good time. Thanks were then given to the ladies who presided at the tables and to the gentlemen who assisted in their arrangement, to the various speakers who had addressed the meeting; and a special vote of thanks having been accorded to the chairman, the doxology was sung, and after the benediction by the chairman the meeting closed. 