1 THE BOARDS OF ADVICE. to the editor of the aoe. Sir, — I am sure yon will agree with mc that tho remarks of " Verus Cathohous" in his letter which appeared in 1'he Aye of Saturday justify me in again trospassing on your valuable space, to say a few words iu reply to his sophistries, aud with which I mcau to concludo this corres- Dondencc. When I called attention to tho fact that "Verns Cntholicus " in liis former letter had deliberately garblod a text of Scripture, I thought he would nave 'hud candor enough to acknowledge the fact, if lie again took up his pen on the subject. In liis former letter lie based tho authority of the church to control secular education uii the command of our Saviour, when he blessed liis apostles, to "go forth and teach all nations." But the coutcxt cf that sentence "Verus Cntholicus" suppressed, leaving his readers to suppose that it was to worldly teaching our Saviour referred, whereas the suppressed context — " Baptising them" (the nations) " iu tho name of tlio Father, Soil, and Holy Ghost" — clearly demonstrates that it was to teach the truths of the Gospel they were com missioned by their divine master. Routed from this position, " Verus Cntholieiis " now tells ns that it wiis "on the day of Pentecost the faculty to tench was acquired.' But this dues nut even touch the command, or the nature of the com mand, givciibyourSaviour. The faculty of "speak ing in divers "tongues " conferred ou the apostles on tlie day of Pentecost was merely the means by which tliey were enabled to fulfil tlie command previously given them, for how were tliey to tench all nations if they could not speak in divers tongues? Nothing, therefore, that "Verus Cntliolieus " has advanced in his second letter alters the aspect of tho question as lie put it in his first letter, and which ho felt was so un tenable that he resorted to the subterfuge of misquoting a text of Scripture to support it. His anticipations as to tlio heterodox talcs which the" present or soino future' Minister of Education is to introduce to tlie pupils of the State schools must ho attributed to his vivid iiuagiuatiou. But the absence of Catholics from the boards of advice will increase any danger that limy arise in that direction. , As to tho Pope having " denounced secular edu cation" here and in Ireland " Verus Cntholicus" leaves unexplained why i tirthat the Cat hoLieele icy have taken part in the aiiuinisuratioii of the national school system in Ireland, ami llealcs' Com mon School Act in Victoria, both of which are as purely secular its tho act how lu force in this colony. Both the present net and tho bde uct, which so pleased " Verus Catholicus," ex pressly and in the same words exclude roligi uus instruction within the hours nlloLled to seeu- lar teaching, but both permit it outside these liQurs. liow is it thou that tho present act is to be condemned as heretical while the other was accepted as' orthodox? T(ig . n'uly points o: difference between theiq are ; IbL That the State appoints the "teachers now, instead of the clergy as formerly, and 2nd. Tliut tho religious instruc tion must not bo imparted by the State tehclier. These points aro so iuconsidorahlo, evon in a re ligious poiut of view, that "Verus Catholicus' pusses tiiom oyer, i'qr lfis objection to (ho system on such grounds wqifld be too absurd to Lu lis tened to, Perhaps if " Verus Catholicus " favored us with an explanation (tingnrbled) of what the scculai education is which is condemned by tho Pope, we might be able to unravel the mystery in which the subject is apparently shrouded. Does it mean a system of education from which religious in struction is excluded ? If so, why was not the Henles act also coudemned? "0,1;! hut," it is answered, "the teacher was permitted to give religioqs instruction outside school hours in the Into Qoinmon School Act." But a similar permis sion is now granted, the only difference being that the clergy or their "delegates" ("Verus Catho licus" will excuse tlie expression), and not tbe State teachers, must he the religious instructors I and to this one point the whole opposition to the now not is reduced I Based en such a foundation that opposition must fail. The clergy, who arc commissioned "to (each all nations, "are not prohi bited from doing go, so fqrfts Victoria is ooucerned, aud it appears to me that their only objection is that thoy" aro invited to fulfil' the divine com mand, and prohibited from appointing as their " delegates" the teachers who are appointed aud paid by the State for quite another purposo. ' As tliore is no obligation ou any Catholic laymau — whether a teacher or of any other profession— to teach religion, the imputation of apostasy made by "Verus Catholicus iq simply impertinent. There are nt the piesent time several Catholic teachers holding appointments in the Stute schools, and he would not dare openly to name one of tliem as an apostate: And it was the tyranny to which Catholic teachers were subjected that prompted them to seek, in coiqmpn w;ith others of their profession, emancipation from clerical authority. Witness the altar denuncia tions in every quarter of the colony naalnst teachers and 'air who synqiathise with them in their assertion of their rights ns citizens of a free country ! Are they not compelled to travel long, journoys, at considerable expense., to get some revorend correspondent to sign vouchers lor their salaries ? Are they not frequently kept for months out of their paltry salaries for want of the signatures of some vindictive clergymen'' Have they not been reprehended by some if these "meek" successors of the imqstles for "daring" to approach (he ffiesl)yterjf"''by (he !.n$ (JS9T' . J13 ll V>cy weje slaves or erimlnals ? Deny west things. .''Verus Qatlmlious,"aml the donml Will ho quickly put down your throat. Shrink Iron that denial, and say if you dure that hoso men wero treated as men or as Christians wliilo you had tliem in your power I In this free 'country whero Catholics possess overy privilege to which any citizen can lay claim, it is not only nh- surd hut mischievous to mtroduco any reference, iu the discussion of this subject, to the persecutions to which, iu other countries and in former ages, the- Catholics were subjected. No ouo, not even ' Verus Catholicus," believes thero is any desire on tho part of tho Government to iufnugo ou those privileges. 'But I cannot understand why ho insistB on it being tho .cxclnsivo priviicgo of tho Catholic teachers to Mifi'cr martyrdom— if martyrdom lie necessary iu defence of the faith- while thoso who were " commanded to teach all nations" keep at a sal'o distance in the back ground, enjoying the loaves and fishes. They, indeed, would bo the " apostates" if tlioy did so ; yet such is the inference to he drawn from the exhortations of " Verus Catholicus" to tho teachers. 'Have the clergy then too niuch to do to permit them to impart tlmt religious teaching which tlicy wore commanded to impart ? They who can find time to test the Victorian vintage, to lecture' on technology, to write essays on cabbage blight (all without religion being introduced, too), to specu late in mining shares and farms, wliilo their churches are mouldering from neglect; to look after tenants ami their rents, while tho children committed to their spiritual.cnro nre left to soino " delegate" who is soon after denounced as unlit for liis position to sport on racecourses or at theatres, while tlio dying poor are, in some cases, left to jiorish un- consoled by the last rites of the ehuieh, if the golden fee is not forthcoming. In no country in the world aro tho Catholic clergy more liberally supported, and in none is there more willingness exhibited on the part of the majority of them to shirk their duty. The revenues of tho church aro more than sufficient to suppurt double their number, so that there cau be no difficulty on this point. . . I omitted to allude in the former portion of this letter to the efforts' tbat are promised tube made to support the Cutholic teachers. I enclose a private letter, by which you will perceive Unit one of the wealthiest of our Catholic dignitaries liunog Lis mission in ouo of tlio most prosperous and populous districts in the . colony, guarantees fitte.cn shillings a week tea teacher alter with. (Inittung his school from all councctiou with tha Education department. This circumstance indi cates the amount of support the Catholic teachers may expect Iroin their quondam patrons And now, Sir, a word in parting to "Verus Catholicus,- whose tx cuthidru deliverances be- tray his ecclesiastical character. Those who dare to differ from him are "to leave the church at once, tor they are " sailing under false colors." Catholic laymen who refuse to play the syconhunt arc not unaccustomed to such ilippant insolence. He should remember tlint, while Catholic clei 'V- men otoin handsome incomes by the proton of then f.uth, Catholic hiymeu have ofteu. in such countries us this, to nuke some sacniiccs bv !t. and this they cheerfully do. But the history of tho c, lurch, almost from tho dawn of Chris tianity to the present time, furnishes too many prouis, tilns . that the members of it who stuled under false colors" were chiefly rene gades from her ecclesiastical orders. To apostate priests and bishops almost overy heresy that disturbed the church every schism winch rent it, may bo attributed. Ly apostate bishops Catholics were con demned to tlie scnlluld or the stake for udheriii" to the faith whicli they had themselves abandoned when dauger was at hand, wheu they could only retain their sees and their hcuds by uptstiuv. rijcy abjured the Pope's supremacy at the bid- ding of Henry; tliey returned to the church when Mary ascended tlie throne, and a-uin re canted to please Elizabeth. Like the Vicar of Bray Tho royat house of Hanover Aud Protestant succession, lvi-!lf5<!i'10 would allegiance swear ' >» inlet they would keep poaBOdsion. Talk not theu to laymen, who boldly express their honest convictions, and venture to question the mere ipse dixit of clergymen, of "sailing uudcr false colors, there is a brood of phariaaicrl politicians now growing up iu this city under tho episcopal wing, with whom " Verus Catholicus" is not wholly unacquainted, who will bo found much more in need of his pastoral vigilunco, — I Hin. Sir vnnre X-#. Melbourne, 30th June. ' 'A ROAtAN CATHOLIC. 