THE EMERALD HILL CH7R0E-G0ER. No. y. KEY. SPENCER WILLIAMS. (wesleraif Methodist.) Br far the largest and mo?fc olegant place of wor ship in Emerald Hill is that belonging to the Wesleyan Methodists, situated at the corner of Cecil aud Dorcas-streets. Ko one can visit the Mechanics' Institute or the offices of the Town Council without being struck by its commanding position and suituble proportions. The invariable blue-atone is greatly relieved by the white cement facings of the buttresses and numerous windows, and if.it is finished by the erection of the pro posed spire, it will, without doubt, he the most striking object in the town. I have always felt an interest in this building, although only in it twice. The same gale that blew down a portion of it, while in course of erection some 10 years ago, had almost deprived the world of "Kritikos," but both have survived to see great and many charges. But few of the old faces now remain, while the " small cause" has grown into a power ful and prosperous church. The evening I visited this building, on critical thoughts intent, was evidently going to be a very unpleasant one. The rain commenced as most of the congiegatiou would be leaving their homos, and with every appearance of continuing and even increasing. Under these circumstances one would have ex pected to have found the number of worshipers affected thereby, but, to their credit be it spoken, aud as good old John Wesley would have wished, the audience was large aud the building well filled. The minister at present resident on the Hill is the Rev. Spencer Williams, a gentleman rather boyond middle age but in full vigour of mind and voice. As is usual with Wesleyan ministers he conducted the service without the addition of gown or other extra clerical attire. His voice is powerful, but can hardly be called melodious. His reading of both Scripture and hymns is without emphasis, but the words are clearly pronounced and heard without difficulty in every part of the large structure. There was no speciality of oither manner or matter in the offered prayer. The same expressions of adora tion, the same expressed desires for spiritual blessings and utterance of spiritual wants, and the same quotations from hymns (yet necessarily Wesley's) that we have heard in the churches of this body, times without number. It has been said, of course cynically, that a Wesleyan minis ter can always bo told by his reference to " Wes ley's hymns," " our poet," or " our hymu book," but Mr. Williams did neither of these either in prayers or sermon. As I have had occasion to remark regarding others, the sermon was by far the best effort of delivery. The commencement was sufficiently slow for a quick long-hand writer to take a verbatim report of it. But every word had its full value, and as the preacher proceeded with his discourse, and the delivery became moro rapid the emphasis became more marked, while the distinct utterance of the words was not sacri ficed to unnecessary noise. As the commemora tion of the Lord's supper was to follow the ordi nary evening service, the subject for the sermon was selected with special reference to it, and the text was taken from John x. 17 and 18 verses. The following sketch will give a tolerably correct idea of the manner in wliieh it was treated by the preacher, who, like other ministers of his denomi nation, preached entirely without notes. He commenced by congratulating the members of the church on the occasion of their meeting on this particular evening, and pointed out that the text led us to contemplate the wonderful eveut which it commemorates. An event peculiar in many respects. Peculiar in the character of the victim —the blameless son of the Eternal. Peculiar in the means and manner by which it was brought about—by union of wide extremes, in which earth and heaven and hell were engaged. Peculiar in the circumstances connecting it with our Lord's say ings concerning it, on the occasion of His trans figuration, and during His agony in the garden,— the earnest thrice oifered prayer, the darkening heavens, the opening graves, the stricken coun tenance of the bystanders, and the rent veil of the temple all indicate that the death of Jesus was no ordinary occurrence. The Bible teaches us to see in it an act of atonement,—the grant! central truth of the Christian religion, the founda tion of the world's hope and the all-absorbing object of the believer's boast, by which his thoughts are raised to the contemplation of the world above,—and the response is drawn from every true Christian " God forbid that I should glory, &c.;" The text exhibits some of the pro perties of the death of Jesus. It was voluntary. Every part of the work ol' redemption was volun tary as fur as Christ was concerned. To con demn an innocent one to suffer in the place of a condemned criminal is contrary to justice, and God would never do it. Apparently one might suppose He was at the mercy of the crowd or the decision of Pilate, but He was not. The law could not demand that He should die, for in the law He was pure, just, and blameless, and there fore had a right to live. That His death was voluntary is proved by the fact that Christ fore saw it, and forwarned His disciples of it. When the time came He made His way to Jerusalem notwithstanding the representations of His fol lowers. Jesus had power sufficient to have de fended Himself had He chosen to exercise it, and properly speaking He was as safe in the midst of His foes as in the midst of His friends. Ho who gave sight to the blind could have deprived His persecutors of sight. He who could restore specoh could have struck His assailants dumb. He who could cure diseases could hare caused maladies to have taken possession of His enemies. He who held life and death in His hands could havo defended His own life against mortals. Could not He who became transfigured on Mount Tabor, when the glory of the Divine nature shone upon Him, have become transfigured in the pre sence of the officers of Pilate or the High Priest, when they placed upon Him the crown of thorns and purple robe, or laid the cross upon Him, or pierced Him with the nails? He died sooner than was expected, and sooner than those who were crucified with Him. The dismissal of His spirit was tho act of His own free aud uncon quered will. The cross did not kill Him, He might have lingered for days, but He " Cried with a loud voice and gave up the Ghost." Then His death was innocent. Those who conspired against Him were not innocent, their debased human nature was being gratified. The inno cency of the act refers only to Christ. Life is given to a creature as a sacred trust for which he is accouutable to his maker. A man may give away his property, but cannot lay down his life, he has no right or power over it. But Christ laid down His own life. It was not the presump tious act of a deluded fanatic, but the calm, intel ligent, sublime self-sacrifice of one who, in laying down His life broke no law, infringed no right, invaded no authority. Ho had a right over His life which no creature can possess. The power was not a delegated authority, but something which belonged to Him. There are three suppo sitions in connection herewith. If Jesus died voluntarily, not having power to lay down His life, His death was self destruction aud without merit, and therefore valueless as a work of atone ment. If HiB death was involuntary and by force, He not deserving it, His death was a mur der, and equally valueless as an atonement, from the absence of merit. If it was voluntary, and yet He was deserving to die, His death was a just punishment, and equally valueless as au atone-. ment. Martin Luther's was an unguarded re mark when ho said " Jesus Christ was the greatest ■inner of the world, because He bore the sins of the whole world!" If He was a sinner in any degree He deserved death, and such a death would be valueless as a saciifice for sin. Christ entered the breach that none could force Him into. The lull value of His life was in His death. What then is the value of that death, that lias been offered to God as an atonement for our sins ? Upon this our. souls rest by faith for sal vation. Again it was obedient. This may sound as a contradiction to the.first part of the sermon, but it is so. The death of our Saviour must be regarded as a gracious act in accordance with tho wish of the Father. To carry out the Divine plan of the Father, Christ takes upon himself the subordinate form of a servant, not in appearance only, but actually, for the. time, became a servant to His equal. In this He was an example of humility, Refer to His own remarks, "I do the work of Him that sent Me." " Lo, I come to do Thy will," " obedient unto death," 4c., 4c. And it was •perfect satisfaction. " Tho Father loveth Me." If Ho loved the Son for redeeming us, how intense must be the lovo of the Father to wards His falleu eroatures, and how encouraging to us to seek His mercy and forgiveness. Shall we despise Him ? Shall we reject His love ? Shall His tears be disregarded, His invitations slighted, His offers of mercy treated as though they are not needed ? How few are prepared to sacrifice all for Him. You are invited to do this. It is a reasonable servico. The claims of the Saviour are Btrong upon you. As yon look upon Christ, who gave Himself for you, in the face of tho agonies Ho suffered, the blessings Ho pur chased, the eternal life He opened for you, will you say " No," and turn away from Him ? Poor sinner! stop and think a little. Despise any thing, reject everything, but don't despise the gracious Lamb who shed His blood; reject your sins and the temptations of tho world and secure etornal blessedness. With so long a report, it is unnecessary for me to enlarge upon the matter of tho sermon. Suf fice to say that in argument and depth of thought it is somewhat above the average of the Wesleyan sermons in the colonies. The system of itineracy is not conducive to much study. Sermons which have done duty in one place will do duty again in another. The number of services and mootings, too, that Wesleyau ministers have to attend, and the pastoral visitations required of them, must interfere greatly with habits of study. It is therefore pleasing to find that the miuister of so large a church as that at Emerald Hill is in ad vance of the majority of his brethren in this respect. Sir. 'Williams, however, does not possess some of the be3t qualities of a good Methodist preacher. The manner in which he conducts the service appears somewhat perfunctory, but although I use this term I must not be taken as implying its harshest meiuiug. There is a want of warmth about the delivery, an absence of heartstirringness in the appeal at the close of the sermon, a defici ency of feeling manifested, which is not usual in Wesleyan preaching. Once hearing may, how ever, not be a criterion, and it must be remem bered that I only pen the observations of one occasion, There was also an absence of reference to thoughts, feelings, and facts of daily experience. A nullibiety of that style of application which is generally a great point in Methodist sermons. The building possesses nave and transept. The dark colored wood work of the ceiling is relieved by the white panels behind it. The light sub dued by stained glass windows, the pulpit, not too heavy in design, and behind it the organ loft and gallery tor the choir, together form a suit able interior. The choir saug the anthem between the reading and prater carefully. Their voices want harmonising. There was not enough feeling displayed. Singing is an impor tant part of a Wesleyan's religiou, but in most of their chapels it is too loud. The voices are not modulated to correspond with the sentiment con voyed by the words. In this ease an unusually harsh contralto destroyed what might have been otherwise pleasing, by drowning the efforts of the soprani. So harsh and loud and unmusical in deed that frequently nothing else could bo heard. Considering tho effect of good singing on the generality of worshipers, and even preachers, it is a pity to find an instance, so palpable, of appar ent indifference to correct and pleasing harmony. It is true church choirs are difficult things to manage, and voluntary choristers are too fre quently very irascible, but I should imagine that wheu authority fails, '• proper representations" would have due weight with those who profess to " sing to the praise and glory of Q-od," so that every part of the service might be conducted " decently and in order," and as uuexceptfoaally effective as possible in every particular. KRITIKOS. 