THE STAGE. 9 " LARGO AL FACTOTUM DELLA CITTA." One Monday hut two of our new theatrical importations made their first appearance before'an : Australian audience. I refer, of course, to Mr. Fairclough and Mdlle. Legrand, who in " Hamlet' took the parts of the Prince of Denmark and Ophelia. There was a large houeef;6tfcohgh not a crowded one, and the audience listened with evident attention to the impersonations. It was not a light matter to play Hamlet before a Mel bourne audience, who have seen the bhsuteeter played finely on more than one occasiopjand chose occasions sufficiently recent for vivid re membrance. There had been a liberal distri bution of favourable " Opinions of the PresB" prior to the debut, but these had no other effeot than to show that the artists referred to in them had made many public appearances in the leading London and provincial theatres. Ev jrybody of course knows the natural selection theory brought to hear in collecting these extracts, and therefore th6 influence they have in forming an opinion in the reader's mind may he put down at nil. The audience on Monday night went there, I think, with their minds a tabula rasa , and after hearing Mr. Fairclough's Hamlet came away moderately impressed in that gentleman's favour. I do not think that his Hamlet is nearly as, good as some Hamlets we have had at the Royal, bnt it was in some parts a powerful rendering of the matchless character. It was as fitful as the mindr - of the Prince whose vagaries are so strange and way ward that it till remains a moot point as to whether Hamlet wae mad or not. jAtfjmee there f was a tone and style of talking such as any tumi would adopt to a familiar friend. This natural- nesB at times acted as a foil to the more de clamatory passages, which were given with sueh vigour that the actor himself was exhausted, and the gods and pittites thundered their applause. Some of Mr. Fairclough's readings were new, and the innovations were not improvements in many instances, while they were striking in others. The elocution of the new aspirant for colonial fame was good in parts. He abused that poor little letter " r," which, by the way, suffers almost as much violence on the stage at the end of words or syllables as the " h " in the mouth of the purest and most ignorant Cockney. In this matter, however, Mr. Fairclough but follows the traditions of the stage, and no actor rises above those trammels without he iB really great, or more than usually intelligent. Mr. Fairclough's physique, what there is of it, is good. Though not a fine man, he has a fair Bhare of that grace of gesture which is the invariable accompaniment of well-formed limbs. Taking all things into con sideration, I think that Mr. Fairclough is an actor that will be listened to with pleasure during his stay amongst us, but will prove no great hit. Of Mdlle. Legrand much need not be said. She talks English with a strong French accent, and therefore cannot hope to succeed on the English stage, especially in a round of Shakespearian characters. The re-appearance of Mrs. Steele as the Queen gave considerable strength to the oast and pleasure to the audience. The principal characters besides those I have mentioned were allotted aa follows : — The Ghost, Mr. H. R. Harwood; Claudius, Mr. G. R. Ireland; Polonius, Mr. Stuart O'Brien ; Laeitee, Mr. F. C. Appleton; Horatio, Mr. John Muuro; Rosen- craniz, mr. xiarry oeicon ; ttuiiaenstern, Mr. Geo. Leopold ; First Gravedigger, Mr. J. R. Greville; Second Gravedigger, Mr. M. Forde. The play was well mounted, and was fairly enjoyable from first to last. Mr. Ireland took his benefit last Friday, and had a splendid welcome on his reappearance by the largest audience ever assembled in the Royal, not ex cepting Boxing night. I counted 220 people, including several ladies, standing behind the dress- circle seats. Every other part of the house was crammed. The opera season for 1873 commenced on Saturday night last in the new and Yery hand somely decorated Prince of Wales Opera-house. The alterations made in the house since the dramatic season closed are very judicious, and the decorations are elegant in the dress-circle. The seats have been handed over to the upholsterers, wbo have covered them with flower-pattern French chintz, that looks cool, and lends itself to the decorations without acting prejudicially on the coBtumes of the ladies. The walls are panelled in blue on a cream- coloured ground, with gold beading and gilt stars as embellishments. A handsome irieze cornice projecting from tbe wall gives increased ventilation, and a supply of fresh air is also admitted from large louvre ventilators pieicing the side walls. A new entrance to the stalls has been made by fencing oil' a passage skirting the walls on the side ot the pit. The favourite opera of " Lu'erezia" was given on the opening night ; but notwithstanding the fine sing ing of Signor Zenoni and the successful debut of Signor Susini, there was an air of dul- ness about the performance that is only to be accounted for on the supposition that neither artists nor audieuce felt quite at home. "Faust" was given on Monday night, and " I Furitani" on Tuesday. The artists were all well received on their first appearances. On Thurs day a new opera was given — Appollcni's "L'Ebree." I shall refer to this in my next. While on the subject of lyric novelties, I may mention that a contributor to a Sydney con temporary says : — " There is a rumour that, after the present operatic season in Melbourne, the company will separate, and come together again nn«iAi» t.hA nnndnntnrfihin nf Or r\ nf w r v Sydney." The same writer also says : — " It is not unlikely than within a short time a German opera troupe, which may be at the present moment iu San Francisco, will arrive iu Sydney. The members of it are spoken of in the highest terms by a musical man who was once a resident in Sydney. He eays that for musical talent, efficiency, and competency, there has been nothing at all approaching it in Australia " The relia bility of my brother chronicler is rather shaken by the following passage in his " Musical Notes — "Private letters received here (Sydney) state MesBrs. Coppin and Go have purcnased ail the theatres in Melbourne, including the Opera- house." Does not the hair of anti monopolists stand on end at the bare idea of such wholesale absorption ? I was a witness in the Theatre Royal on Wed nesday night of what may happen to a Chief Secretary in Victoria. Mr. Fraicis had j ist tien the somewhat numerous members of his family seated advantageously in the dress- circle, and was standing behind the boxes in tl e gangway, when one of ihe oddfellows,' delegate from l ie country, woo had been granted the entree for that night, asked our Premier for a playbill. Mr. Francis looked doubtful Jor the moment as to what coarse he should pursue, but soon made up his mind, and gave tbe applicant a programme. Thus wbile Polonius on the stage bad ths mortification of being mistaken for a fishmor&e; hv Hamlet. Air. Francis was mistaken for a box keeper by a Noble Grand in the Order of Odct fellowship. The numerous members of Signor Chiariai s circus troupe arrived here on Thursday from New Zealand in the Tararua. Tbe new circus erected for them at the east end of LonBdale s rett will piecinr of furs is a distinct branch iu hself, and, but for Hie technicalities involved, we might b3 hold 3,600 people, and is to be opened with ts little delay as possible. Sandhurst is to have a new theatre, at a cost of £2b,000. it is to be built aa an adjunot to Hadley's hotel, and will be modelled on the plan bf our metropolitan Royal. Messrs. Harwood, Coppin, and Go. are prepared to take a lease of it for three years, when completed, at a good rental. The Rickards troupe are at Ballarat no«r doing a good business. The personnel is the same as when they oocupied the Apollo-hail. They intend visiting Sandhurst, and other principal gqldfield towns, and will open with Mr. Garnet : Walsh's new burlesque, " Pygmalion and Gal- a dear," on their return to Melbourne. The Sainton! and Kelly minstrels have con- ; tinued their performances in St. Georga's-hall j daring thepast week, and have been bo well patronised that it has been evident their enter- i tainments have been popular. The noveitteis intrpduced have been very humorous. Mr. Wright, the new tenor, has made many friends by his pleasant <f tyle of singing, while the better- ilnnwn members of the Aamtianv are not deoreasinl? ' in popular favour. FIGARO, 