FISH IN THE MURRAY. Regarding the close season for native fish, the Riverine Herald writes:—“Mr O'Shanassy has turned his attention to the conservation of the Murray fish, and proposes, in order to carry out his idea, that the months of November, December, January, and Feb ruary in each year shall bo declared a close season. Dr Black, too, in conjunction with whom Mr O’Shanassy claims to have studied the subject for a number of years, declares that the fish during the months named are unfit for human food. The secretary of the Castlemaine Acclimatisation Society ventures another theory, and suggests that the close season should ex tend from August to October. Fishermen who have followed their vocation on the river for fifteen and twenty years consider that the spawning season lasts for only six weeks, and that it takes place annually, shortly after the turn of the maximum floods. They allege, as a matter of fact, that the spawning for the present year is over; that it seldom, if ever, is deferred beyond December; and that, in the case of an excep tionally low river throughout the season, the fish do not spawn at all in the locality of Lake Moira. The worms spoken of by Dr Black they term the afterbirth of the spawn, and say they are to be foilnd in the fish only for about a fortnight after spawning, and that a month after spawning the fish are firmer, in better condition, and more wholesome than at any other time. Regarding the supposed decrease in the quantity of fish in the river, Mr O’Shanassy and the doctor are altogether at sea. There are an immense amount more small and medium sized fish in the Murray now than have ever previously been known, the fact being that as the large fish prey on the smaller ones, reduction in the numbers of the former accounts for the rapid increase of the latter. Much has been said and written about the voracity of the Murray cod, but few people are aware that a 401 b fish will kill as much as 101 b weight of small fry per day. The bill provides that no fish of a greater weight than half a pound shall be sent to market, but the fishermen say (and there is much apparent force in the argument) that if the minimum weight were increased to two pounds the Murray fish would be amply protected. Four mouths in the year, wo sub mit, is an altogether unnecessarily long time to stop an important industry, and we would commend to the Legislature a closer study of the subject under consideration." We (Pastoral Times) have been shown some very fiuc samples of copper ore, iron ore, and limestone in the possession of a gentlemean just returned from the Lower and Middle Darling, where, it is reported, there are millions of tons of the same kind of metals and deposits. The part of the country alluded to is wonderfully rich in mineral deposits, and all that is required seems to be capital to work the auriferous country referred to. Light tramways made to the Darling and to the Murrumbidgee at Hay, to ship the ore from, would bo of the greatest advantage in de veloping the resources of the country. As yet we have only vague conceptions of the resources of South Riverina. Spiritualistic Ghosts. —Dr Richardson, late of Ballarat, is now in England, and he writes to Mr Tyerman as follows: —“ I have examined Burns’col lection of spirit photos. He is quite convinced of their genuineness, and so am I. In fact, there is no possible doubt on the subject. William Howitt and his daughter sat, and a full length image of his de parted sou came out. I send you a copy of it. It is guaranteed as genuine by W. H. in the Spiritual Magazine for October, 1872. Mrs Burns has had several come out when she has been sitting. I at tended a seance at Williams’, Lamb’s Conduit street; and we had excellent manifestations; all holding each other’s hands. Several persons were touched, and the spirit voice addressed each one. Next I tied up the medium in his cabinet, according to my own way, with my own knots. Before we had finished a hymn, John King appeared, with a light of his own construc tion. There was no fear or mystery. He did what ho was ashed to do. It is very difficult to convey to you a correct account of the ap pearance of the spirit form. He appeared to be of ordinary size, was draped, had a turban on, a bushy beard, was dark and swarthy, and had white teeth. Ho made no noise in his move ments, came up to the table without any difficulty or assistance— floated in fact—ascended towards the ceiling and descended to the floor. One gentleman present put out his leg, but felt nothing. Wo wore all sitting quite close around the door of the cabinet. The spirit's light dimmed every now and then, and he had to retire into the cabinet to restore it. It shone with no flame or smoke. It was oval thus (here a rough diagram is given to represent it), and King ap. patently had it sheltered behind his left hand. He raised it every now and then in response to our wishes, and showed us the end which shone brightest. It seemed to mo like an oval phosphorescent glass crystal about six inches long and four inches wide. They are now able to photograph these apparitions, as you will see by The Spiritualist of 15th May, and The Medium of Bth August. The scientific demonstration must thus be forced upon the unbelieving, sceptical world. It is only a matter of time." 