GHOST. WE have changed much in these days from the old times when ghosts were al- most an article of faith, and when the person who told a tale of the world of spirits might chance to gain credence for his narrative without an inner reservation " that, at all events, it is very difficult to account for it." In Queen Elizabeth's time that stage direction in "Hamlet," "Enter Ghost," struck a real chord of emotion amongst the people, and, so far from weakening the force of the illusion, considerably heightened it by introducing a mysterious agency, as to which all were more or less sympathetic. Thus, in the Middle Ages a ghost had a dignity very different from the Peckham apparition of these days. There is a story told in French history of a peasant of Marseilles who was troubled by an unearthy visitor. The peasant was to make his way to the king and reveal to him a message that would be communicated to him ; but if he disclosed it to anyone else he would die. He did disclose it to another—his wife—and he died, falling dead on the spot, too. The perturbed spirit, however, though unfortunate in this choice of a messenger, revealed himself a second time, with similar formalities and threats, and again the garrulous French nature could not keep reticent about the news. The tale was told, and the narrator in his turn died. Yet a third time the ghost spoke. This time to a farrier. The tale we tell is historical, and the facts precise and as- certained. The farrier kept his counsel, journeyed to Versailles, saw Gold Stick in Waiting, who was very polite, but very obdurate. A peasant from Marseilles have an interview with the Majesty of France ! Impossible ; a thing not to be heard of ! Farrier brings forward his ghastly facts. Proof offered, asked for, given. Did not two other of the good folks of the town to whom revelation had been made die because they departed for the strict let- ter of their instruction ? Gold Stick was alarmed. Could not the truth of these statements be easily ascertained from the local authorities? Gold Stick was alarmed. Gold Stick was relieved. The farrier was to call in a couple of days—he called, saw the king in private had several interviews with him and returned to his own pro- vince a wealthy man supported by the re- venue, a public character from that time till his death and probably a bachelor and misogamist, for the substance of the se- cret never transpired. It is all historical. The best artist of the day drew ou far- rier, the drawing was engraved, and copies of it exist in several private col- lections. One writer professes to have seen the print, and says that "it repre- sents the face of a man about thirty-five or forty years of age, with an open coun- tenance, rather pensive, and with a very characteristic expression" —a somewhat vague description as to the whole, and one would b glad to have learned what was the special character of that expression We live in different days now, and the age of apparitions seems, notwithstanding an occasional exception, to have passed away. The ghost of the nineteenth cen- tury cannot keep his secret as well as his brother spirit of the seventeenth, and it is the magistrate, not the minister, with whom he is confronted. The lantern of "Pleaceman X" shines upon the appari- tion, and under this manifestation the mystery not so much dissolves into thin air as solidifies into flesh and blood. The spirit then becomes what the Acts of Par- liament call a "person," and the laws of the land take their useful and uninter- rupted effect. And yet who will deny that there lin- gers a strong belief, which none of the vaunted "enlightenment of the nine- teenth century" can crush down, in ghosts and apparitions? What is spiritualism but a mode of the same disease? We are not as credulous as our simple forefathers, and we have a way of severing our judg- ment from our faith, and being mortally afraid of ghosts, though we well know that such things do not exist. What is the experience of each one ? Is there any reader of this paper who, however fortu- nate in his own experiences, has not had some relative, or friend, or acquaintance, who has seen a ghost? We do not mean sounds or rappings, but a real bona fide— we were going to say—flesh and blood live ghost? The writer himself forms no ex- ception to the rule which he believes pre- vails. Here is a story told to him by one of the chief actors :—Three students of a university, situated in what Thackeray calls a vice-regal city, had retired after dinner to the rooms of a friend. There is no importance in the words "after din- ner." College beer is very small beer, nor do I know of any instance on record in which a man who had partaken freely was visited by ghosts. The four friends were standing round the fire, which flick- ered brightly, so that every part of the room could be seen. Its shape was of this kind. The door from the staircase was at one corner; directly opposite to that was another door, which led into the bedroom. There was no other approach to or exit from the room. The fireplace was at the side of the inner door. The friends were standing round the fire chat- ting together, when they distinctly saw the outer door open gently, and a figure pass in. It crossed the room, and passed through the opposite doorway into the bedroom. Three of the young men rushed at once into the room, examined every part of it together, but there was no trace or sign of anything. The other had fainted on seeing the apparition. What is curious about this tale is that it forms, so far as is known, the only in- stance in modern times of a ghost being seen by several persons simultaneously. As a general rule, if the apparition ap- pears to more persons than one it does so successively, as in the French story just told. Another circumstance that is re- markable in this case is that each one of the four persons seems to have arrived at the idea immediately that the visitor was a ghost. The spirit was, indeed, known to two of them—that is to say, two of the party said it was the ghost of their bro- ther. But the other two were quite strangers to the fact, and yet, without a word said, seeing the entry, they seem to have felt instinctively and unhesitatingly that it was a ghost. The tale is told as a thing that happened. There was no dow- ager- duchess or guardsman present to command the respect of the 'Times,' but then—every one is not so strong-minded and naturally incredulous as that journal. —'The Globe.' 