miscellaneous news. A Scandal in High Life.—The London cor• respondent of the Ma. dies'er Guardian says that a story from the Sister Isle is much talked .of.; 'The most lenient, version of it is ai follows jr-fIt: seems that a certain - baronet; 'of very con'siderable wealth, became, when qui to a young man, 'somehow, or, other entangled in a marriage "with a.person,in'; every way lik infexior in position and social , qualities. . The couple soon separated by mutual consent, the lady, well ■provided for, betaking herself to a-far distant •country. Thence in a few years news of her .death arrived, and, the tidings having been investigated and verified, the widower after a year ortwo married again, this time in harmony with liis own:, position, the bride being the daiighter of a noble of the same kingdom. But it is asserted that a few days ago the first wife, veritably in the flesh, made her appearance at her husband's house, and there announced her existence identity, and claims. Report adds that the new wife lias sought her father's house, and that the baornet has betaken himself to the continent. ... , Makried.Life.—On one of the Eastern trains I the other day a newly-married couple starting ' on: their wedding tour, after comfortably arranging themselves in.their seats, gave vent to their emotion?; as follows : Husband (leaning over tenderly, toward the partner of his joys and'sorrows) ." 'Oosc,-litttlo pet lamb is 'ou ?" Wife (with.■responsive tenderness)—" Oil's." I. G, being a single man, was completely overcome at this point of conversation, and joined the euchre-playing crowd in the smoking car. The Death of Kings.—Richard II., in the play of that name, disheartened by his calamities, responds to all the encouraging words of his lords and followers with a bitter satire on the wretchedness of royalty:—For God's sake, let us sit upon the ground, — And tell sad stories of the death of kings : ■ How some have been deposed ; some slain in war;. Some haunted by the ghosts they have deposed ; Some poison'd by their wives ; some sleeping kill'd ; All murdered ; for within the hollow crown That rounds the mortal temi>les of a Icing ; . Keeps Death his court. , The, unhappy monarch was destined to furnish, in his own tragic fate, one more illustration of this homily.His words came vividly to mind in reviewing the curious catalogue which a .European statistican lately , furnished of the. number of sovereigns who liaee perished by violent deaths, or been drowriedby disaster. The , list, which must perforce be incomplete, embraces 2540 emperor or kings, who" havo ruled ovor G4 nations. Of these 299 were dethroned, 151 were assassinated, 123 died inCaptivity,; 108 were formally condemned4 and exe-. cuted, 100 were killed in battldj 64 ■ were abdicated, 62 were poisoned, '25 died the death of martyrs, 20 committed suicide,- and 11 died insane. Even these lists do not probably include, all, the unnatural deaths and dethronements that have occurred among the 2540 rulers thus tabulated, for it was often deemed politic to conceal the circumstances of a monarch's death, and history mentions many such instances in which the cause death is doubful; so that, for example the 11 insane, and the 20 suicides, and the 62 poisoned, doubtless do not comprise the whole number of deaths which ought to be included under those descriptions. Nevertheless, taking those figures as they are, they furnish a striking comment on King Richard's melancholy words, which by the way, Richard's own conqueror and successor almost paralelled in his lamentations over the anxieties and perils that encompass the kingly state. We may state! that the death of Napoleon III. at Ohisellmrst has no w, by one more name, increased the number of sovereigns dying in exile, while giving the whole subject a fresh interest.—i ippincuti's Mar/azine. Free Selectors' Dummies.—Tho • Arguspublishes the following telegram from Stawell : —An association has been formed here by squatters and others, and a large sum subscribed, to extend the present inquiry to dummyism amongst selectors, which is said to prevail very extensively. A feeling lias arisen thai injustice has been done in singling out squatters'. dummies for the notice of tho board, and leaving the army of selectors' dummies to occupy the lands unchallenged. 1 