circular head again. Tu the Editor of the Cornwall Chronicle. Sm.-lntbo Hobart Town Mercury of the 16th instant, a letter appeared signed hy a late visitor, and dated at Hobart Town on the 1 lth. It is the opinion of all I have spoken to that this vile production emanates from the pen of ono in our midst, who, though iu his own estimation it. rcry subtle, shown hiit auluul sliallon-iicHs by tliis very letter. It is u.sual when any correspondence is received or rejected by an editor for him in Ins notion to correspondents Lo aoLnow* ledgi: it, and to notify in sonic way when it will appear or otherwise ; the want of any sucb notification in the preceding numbers of tlie Mcrrury tells a talc, and a letter posted at Stanley on tbe 11 tl), would reach Hobart Town in time for in sertion on the morning of the 15th. fhis mere plagiarist of the ideas of '* Nonifld,' in his anoiivnious uroducliou, complains that a clique exists at Circular Head, and that there is any amount of conventionalism. He evidently speaks from hitter experience when he says that any who dare differ from this set are sent to Coventry, for it is such us be that cunuot be tolerated in any set, and who fortunately find their level very soon His duirgca arc so childish 'that it is best to treat them u'itli the contempt they L*lTs' vain for poor ghost of '? Amid' lo believe he is substantial enough to pre vent the most careless looker on froiu seeing throuSh him. My lost glance shewed me a number of stolen sobriquets, amongst which I observe particularly 'cockatoo,' 'try again.' ' S. M.' and man v others. If this would-be conservative felt aggrieved at tbe wanton waste of l'U. ic montj, an a ic innoccn re cllieient' police! how' much more'inauly would it have been had he openly laid those charges before the heads ol' iho de partments, and not stab unoll'endiug public -cminls-iu whom ibo community has explicit confidence— in tbo dark, shielded behind the signature of' A Lute Visitor.' H. G. SPTCKIt. Circular Head, March -J lib. 1873. 