0«r garis $ti\tr.' tl'a.K! oi'n Srr.ciAl. Conn™p.,M.K»T.3 Conbtitutions are not created, hut mnde, and are not as Iluger-Collnrd oliperves, prepared Bleeping, teiils. Hoiv rapidly events march in France. ITnrdiy a forl.niirbt. has elapsed siuco the jnnrnns fnnii«be.d projerta of. constitution', ns numerous )ind ns vnried nR (he contents of their nccidentu nnd ofTenceB colnmiir-. All have Fiiddenly disappeared, and 'ike Ihc baRo'esn fabric of n vision, have left not n wreck hehind. The nepiihlicnns nnd the \nli- Republicans, for — af'er nil, cnmpnss-clnssificition nf 'RighU,' ' Centres,' nnd ' Lefts reduce them selves to this formula — are both arrived el thin present moment le tho Valicnn strategy of tion pmuwamii. The Republi cans truly RRBert the Republic existR, hence, it in pncrilo (o proclaim tbo fact; tho Antii-Hepiiblicjins oppnso the pro clamation of the form of Government m ruse, so extremes meet. Both Gueifs and Ghibellinefi are agreed to make good Iiwk nn n. prnlngue to a good constitution. Crcdat Juiltsig, wbentbey doogree upon Ibe singe their unnni'iiily in wonderful. Unhappily we live only in the palpable ohsenre, nnd it is to be feared, that an in lifn, conce«RionR will only be made to fnrco and knnekling down when pnrt ics am pnworlesR to resist. Spontaner.ns sagacity is rare, and wisdnm is most genernllr d--cided '(ion in rxtrcmis. ' Wo arc angels till our passions die.' Kvory person nppearH glnd Hint the Assembly b«s mnl fur tho dcupalch of business. Ill nbnnt two months hence everyone, disgusted at the Do-nothings, will long for tho deputies to retnrn to the place fmm whence they came. fio revolves the Txinn wheel of politics. From (fl-dny.when M.Thiers delivers his Mes'nge, the npitnted life of (ho Cham ber, nnd unfortunately thrit of tho nations nlsn — will commence. Up to (ho present (he Depufiefi have Keen occupied like. pmefiRhlers at n fair — slinking blinds liefore they box. The ploying knocks are now due. After nil, it was eheermqr to see life ngnin restored to Versailles— that city, or rather palace, of tho Dead. It is like breath passing over the valley of dry leave* to witness Hn- deputies wend ing their way ' from (ho rnilway Rtntinns (o their Harmony Hall, in single files like certain barndoor birds; (ho trees snlute thorn as tbey pass by dropping dead leaves, nnd the ruin fallfi alike on the just and nnjnst. The very umbrellas have a parliamentary aspect — look con stitutional. Cares of Stain hnvo made snmememVrs.nnlheydiil Fnltitafi', plump; others have became very thin. Sighing nnd grief, which nrc reputed lo blow npn man like a bladder, account for M. Rouher's ful'iiess. The Due d'Antnale, like a true Orleanifit, bowed nnd smiled to every one ; tbo Princo do .Toinvillo, owing to 1mb deafness, returned thaiiltH to Ilinrtt- t-u-f him it n|MiKU LU mill illlullL 1115 health or anything else; General Chan g'nrnier was made as good ns now, by fresh Btnys nnd flosh substitntes. Presi dent Grcvy glided into bis chair like a ghost ; examined his boll, made 6nre his lint wns within reach, and sat like Pfltienco on n monument. He is ns austere as Um(n«, ns grave ns a Pilgrim Father. Gnnibelta was welcomed chiefly by his friends ; he has a moro resolute nir since bis last, merry meeting with the Monaicl.ists. M. Thiers received no very marked attention ; but his paletot did, because it was so tightly buttoned nronnd tho throat at to give him a garotted loo'- ; Iiir hair is as usual worn ns a top- knot, formed by two leaning locks. The first peance opened not with a I'eni Creator, but with n Tie Piafundis — the nomination of a deputation to repre sent tho Assembly nt tho interment of two of its members. M. Grevy sprinkled a lew flowers, and showed his impartiality by making no distinction between the deceased one of whom, M. Sauvag', was really known lo fortune He then paid attention to Princo Napoleon's little nffnir, that nobody else did, nnd the Prince's griefs at being marched out of Prance were referred to n committee — tho ordinary Ihihvtt fatuorum. From the very opening some deputies npplied for extended leave of nbsencc. Theso Oli ver demands for ' moro' were laughed at. nnd crnntod. It was quite touching to see how many sturdy members kissed on re-meeting. A stranger would nodoubt attribute it to tho prayers j»Bt offered np for tho pouring down of a blessing on the Chamber, or as tho outward and visiblo sign of inward grnce. '' ? The Commercial treaty is beginning to bo understood, and it is believed England Iiur obtained tho oyster, and Franco tlie shells. It is -Jic frisiimnn's reciprocity treaty— nil on ono side. John Hull is included Among tho favored nations ; his shipping is not subjected to an arbitrary taxation ; he is free in the matter of coal, und can do as pleases with French wines. In return, Franco can tax Kuglish cotton and wool. But what is the importance of this concession when she cannot bind Austria, Italy, nnd Germany -with the same fetters? Tho Chamber of Commerce are groaning in spirit nt M, Thiers making the treaty over their heads— just as did Napoleon III., only the lattcr's ' fiscal'— tho latest name for protection — policy was progressive, whilst his successors in tho one-man power system of governing is retrograde. Tho, treaty will add to the bitterness of the coming financial debates. The principal subject of nnonsincss at present is the army. The growl is deepening against the number of officers in high command, who are Bonapnrtists, of the purest water, and tho Republicans arc plainly telling il. Thiers to change the sentries he has placed to guard the republic. It seems to bo the common wish thai General Do Cissey bo removed from the Ministry of War. Il may be true that tbo soldiore ore republican; if so, unch a way of thinking would not bo diminished by jiving them republican officers. Nor. nrc poople satisfied -that the camps which M. Thiers1 has estab lished to wean the military from the towns are abodes of bliss. It is a mode of existence the very opposite of French aociallife ; n few months of it yearly at Chalons was hitherto held to be cnougi M archill MacMahon and M. Thiers have had very warm words over tin1 army scheme of organization. One hears the Marshal's name racely now; is lie like those ladies whoso reputations are the i purer the Ices Mrs. Grundy speaks about (hem ? By the abolition of the plan of depots for each regiment, and supplying nil tlio military wauls from central magil zincs, millions and men will be economized. At the outbreak of the Prussian war, Franco had un active army — on papnr, at least — of 430,000 men ; not over one-half of this number was forthcoming when required, the remainder being absorbed in trade and clciic duties. During Iho Mexican war, certain regi ments had no less than three depots ! Tho army commission has decided to adopt tho metallic cartridge, and has a weak ness for large and long range artillery. Indeed, France is rapidly making up loe way in processes for human slaughter like other civilized powers. By-and bye, she will be herself again, in leading human thought and science May she win sninc disci pi cb nt home. What Monsier really wants is ballast. H« is n creature of .jontradictions ; for public affairs, he is at onca paftsionnte and indifferent ; he is enthusiastic nnd sceptical ; n Tury and Radical ; cherish ing routine and loving innovation; be displays a sublime sclf-de.ninl alongside an impudent cgotiEin ; dies for liberty, nnd resigns himself lo despotism. Ken timenlal towards tho 8tate, he is prudent, reflective, anil economical for his private interests. Ho is exceedingly honest; probity is as much a trail of the poor as of the rich ; he is proverbially temperate : his tublc is simple but taste ful ; he demands little, btit thut Jittlo must bo good ; ho lives within his means, launches into no extravagance II is in the well-to-do classes that wo find show and marital unfaithfulness ; where Dumas' fits draws his heroines, be adores his children, but declines the trouble, the task of training them for life ; he hands them over to tho boarding school nnd convent; in religions mailers ho h indif ferent, but is the most energetic champion of Catholicism ; his faith, whero he avows it, is neither ideal nor sensual, but rational, and after a belief in scepticism, returns like Pascal to the church for lran-|iiility, convinced that he has nothing to risk and the chnnces to gain by tho change. He iR full of social prejudices; preaches up equality, recommends it, but never practices it ; from low to high, there is the aspiration for equality, but never from above to below. French so ciety is oven full of shades in its several strata, but Ihcrc is no intolerance in the distinctionc, nothing feudal as with the Prussian Junkers. Give Monsieur a virile education, flagellate him with the trnth, 6cnd him to travel, for ho has nn incomparable pair of eyes, and he will become a model man and a brother. The annual visit, or pilgrimage rather, in me uauicomns lias lalicn place. Up wards of 500 descended into the depth', Americans, ns usual, being on these occa sions iu the majority among tho foreigners. No change was observed in tbo mountains of human hones, but tho engineers wore not satisfied with the state of tho pillows supporting tho roof, that is, tho foundations of ono half of Paris. Several communications wore discovered between the catacombs and private honscR, which is tho moro remarkable ntthis period when smnggling in bo rife. Houses with such back doors have had their entrances to the scpulchro elofcod and scaled up. There is a movement on foot to effec tively repair the Jiltlo mausoleum to Ahelard and Ilclontso in Pero La Chaise Awriter, devoid of all romance, insists on fust proving that the lovers nro really buried there, or if any human remains be contained in tho tomb at all. The director of the Italian Theatre is to bo pilicd. Hie public no longer ar rives in evening dress, mid, before writing Ichabod over the door, ho appeals to all whom it may concern to remember the days of old. In reply, the director is called upon to provide artistes, tho majesty of whose talent would claim the delicate applauso of white gloves. Caponl is hardly up in Italian pronunciation, and Albani is commencing to bo ranked only as a hope. During the last days of the empire, it was tho thing to go to n the atre in n court vest only, nnd for exqui site young men to wear golden bracelets nnd lady-rings, and applaud that modest actress, Blanche d'Antigny, in tho role ef a gentle shepherdess with a diamond necklace worth 100,000 francs. Nous aeons change tovt cela n little. At the present time, il is the ladies who frequent the theatres to witness tho 'charming toilettes ' of tlie leading actresses, whoso drossainkcra fit Ihcm op regardless of expense, considering such as the most lucrative plan for advertising. The stage hns4hu«- become fflBhion in action; the clegant world weeps with one eye over the misfortunes of a heroine, whilst with the other il takes in her robe. The. artistes dress like true duchesses, nnd the latter commence to array themselves, as artistes. The curiosity of the moment is the 'Fossil Man,' which must not be con founded with the Comto do Chambord, but the petrified individdal recently dis covered oh tho confines of Italy ond' Franco,' and now exposed in the Jardini des Plantes. The head and feet are covered with minute 6liells, and Science, pledges its word and honor, the remains, nrc not in plaster of Paris. Thn city manufactures antiquities (somo several thousand years old) for all the world, and there are Pickwicks who prize the relics. Bill Stumps, his mark, is marketable.; The Legitimists must be proud, as an archasologist has discovered a stone with an inscription, near Bourbonqe-ies- Bains, showing that ' Bourbon ' was originally a Gaulish god that AngusttiB changed into a Roman ileity ; thus Henry V. has no occasion to fall bank on so modem a progenitor as finint-LomR. ? It is con jectured that this Bourbon presided over ' warm springs,' which is'igLUite probable, as his successors hare' managed to keep a great part of the jrpfld ever nince jo hot-water. The : Council Generals are : ordering geography for the million; several de partments, in consequence, are now fur nished with maps both of a local and general character. Whatever question there may be nborit her ? astronomers, France is ccrtaiuly behind in the use of the globes. ; One of thosQ parish satraps called a ' Mayor has been removed from the local representation of the Government. Jlia fellow-citizens cried net la firpvhliq,ne I and Vive I Empereur I mid be declared that one viva wns about ns good nR the other. He lian been deprived of his tri color scarf in consequence. . The only news from Rochefort since his marriage in extremis is that ho hat arrived in his cell and has written a letter thanking a pool for a presentation copy of some verses. His wifo slill lives — that is nil that can be said; Rochefort writes to her daily, and ono of her sons is allowed to read and remain wilh her some hours 'daily. Proudon was also married in prison. The Boston fire has cast n trrcat cloom over moro than American society here, where the numberof BncloninnB is always considerable, and many now find them selves, ns a consequence, in great distress. Added to this, n well-known American banking-bouse, with a W#o Doston con nection, and much respected in Paris, has ' temporarily suspended ' payment. A poor actor, liondetille, died a few dayRngo.. The late Bnron Rothschild engaged him to rend tho accidents and suicides in tho newspapers every morning while being sbnved, &c;, by his valet Joseph. Tho Baron called him the Talma of suicides, from his manner of reciting them, and avowed his fear thai bis valet, from contagion, might make a mistake when shaving him. 