THE HAUNTED CLOSET. ilY siBter wrote me that she had taken a house for the summer, " a queer old- fashioned house," away down on a lonely coast, where the children would have the beueSt of the sea- breeze and the sea-bathing prescribed for them ; and she urged me to come at once and join them in their new abode. It proved quite as pleasant as I had anticipated. I was sitting, about twilight, a few days after I had moved into my little hermitage, as I called it. The air was very still : scarcely a rustle disturbed the branches of the willow, and the surf rippling on the beach made but a low murmur. Suddenly, in tho midst of this silence, I became aware of a strange sound near me — a faint, uncertain sound, like tho whispering of voices and rustling of garments. Fancying that my sister or children had playfully stoleu upon mo in my abstraction, I looked round ; but, to my aurpriso, there was no one visible. It-must have been a fancy, of course, I thought, and turned once inoro to my book ; but hardly had 1 done so when again I heard the rustling of drapery, and what sounded like a footfall upon the floor. I was startled, and sat breathless, staring round and listening. Gnco or twice it was repeated, and then all was still as before. On the following day, and again 011 the next, the mysterious sounds which L described wero repeated. It was exactly as though some person or persons were occupying tho room with me — moving with soft footsteps and speaking in low whispers, as if unwilling to he heard. Once it seemed as though some small, article were dropped upon the floor, with a metallic sound dulled by a carpet, though there was none in the room ; and then I dis tinctly distinguished a grating noise, as of a key turned in a lock ; after which, for the rest of tho day, all was quiet. I said nothing to anyone about these noises : though by this time I was almost convinced that they wero not the effects of my imagina tion, I yet decided to wait, to watch for their recurrence, and to be thoroughly convinced of their real existence before exposing myself tc laughter and ridicule by relating so improbable a story. Lt was not long that I was kept in suspense. A day or two after, about four o'clock in the afternoon — a nnst unghostlike hour — I was reclining on my louijge between the door and she window, reading " The Woman in Whito," then just out. Suddenly, as I turned a leaf, I heard a faint grating sound, as of a key, just behind me, and then a voice speaking in a low, indistinct murmur, inexpressibly hollow and sepulchral. I did not stir. I arrested the hand which was about to turn the page, and, holding my breath, listened with deliberate eagerness. I would now be certain that this was no fancy playing me fantastic tricks. For an instant only came the indistinct murmur, and then a silence. The sunlight was .streaming down in slender, golden threads through the gently-swaving branches of tho willows ; out on the lawn I saw the gardener at work, and on the beach heard the merry voices of the children ; I felt courageous. Rising, I searched round the room, under the "bed and lounge, and in the triangular cupboard .in the corner — the only places whore a person could be concealed. Not a living thing was to be seen, and I was about closing the closet door when I heard distinctly a low, faint laugh, close in my ear, and then a moaning sigh or groan, which seemed to die away into infinite distance. I confess that at this instant my nerves did fail me, and a cold shiver ran curdling through my veins. I hastily closed the closet door, and without waiting even to snatch up my book, ran along the gallery to the other part of the house. Should I tell my sister and brother-in-law 1 No, I still shrunk from tho thought of their laughter. Should I return to the. room which appeared haunted by some invisible presence, and sleep there again alone 1 I must confess that I did not like, the idea; yet what good reason could I give for so suddenly changing my apartment 1 Finally — and the reader will credit mo with the possession of almost more than feminine courage fn so doing — I resolved to keep silence for the present, and spend tho night as usual in my little office room. Tho first few hours passed away quiotly, and I wasijust falling into a doze, when I was aroused by tho door of the corner closot slowly creaking. A faint moonlight illumined tho room sufficiently to enable mo to perceive that this door stood ajar, though I distinctly re collected having closed it before retiring. It bad neither lock nor bolt by which it could bo secured. I sat up in bed watching the closet, and looking half-fearfully around the room; and as I looked with my eyes fixed upon the half- open door, I hoard within a jingle of glasses and phials. It was a sound not to be mistaken, and almost at the samo instant a voice said near mo, in a hoarse whisper — " Bring a light !" I started up, trembling, and with a cold perspiration breaking out on my forehead roachod for a. match and tho lamp, and tried to strike a light, but in vain. I had but one or two matches left, and as I dropped tho last in despair I heard tho voice which had before snoken say, slowly and distinctly — ' " Poiann !" My first, impulse now was to floo from this haunted room ; but aaE arose for that purposo a feeling such as I had nover before known — a feeling of- superstitious fear and horror — Overcame me, and had my life depended upon it I could not have passed that closet and sped through that long deserted gallery alone. I sank back upon my pillow and drow the sheets .about my head, and remained thus until day break. It was now no longer a question with mo as to whotfioj" I should or should not inform my relatives of what had occurred. I told thorn tho whole, and, as I expected, was met with laughter and badinago. "Try it yourself!" was all I could say in answer; and on that night my brother in-law, Mr. Walton, agreed to occupy tho office-room, I remaining with my sister. "Well, Richard, did you seo or hoar any thing of Louisa's ghost ?" inquired my sister playfully, on our meeting at tho broakfast-tablo in tho morning. " I saw nothing," ho answered, rather thoughtfully. "But really, Emma, it did appear as though more than once during tho night I hoard some unaccountable sounds — the turning of a key in a lock ; a sort of moaning and sobbing child's voice ; and very distinctly the shutting of a small door. And this last sound," ho added, docidedly, "certainly .-O&me; from the closet or cupboard in tho corner of the room." Emma opened her eyes and looked frightened, j'Good gracious, Richard! you don't really think that yon heard these sounds in that room with no one there but yourself." . " It is very unaccountable at present I admit ; but you know that I do not believe in the supernatural. We must examine more fully into this matter." For some days he kept solo possession of the room, reporting onco or twico that ho had again hoard tho mystorions noises, and in especinl the grating of a rusty key, as in tho lock of tho corner cupboard, and was vory distinctly audiblo. Three times, ho said, he hoard this sound, and yet, as we all know, there was neither lock nor koy to tho closet door, only traces ot ono that had been there. He had examined all the doors and windows, bad searchod the whole room minutely, but without discovering the slightest clue to the mystery. There was no room adjoining, no cellar below or garret above, whence tho sounds could have procoodod, and the whole thing was most singular and unaccountable. And onco ho oven hesitatingly suggested, could it bo possible, after all, that there were in reality such things as spiritual manifesta tions ? My own mind eohood the inquiry. Our nearest neighbour was a farmer who lived about a mile distant, and of himself and his wife we made inquiries in regard to tho former occupants of the house. It had for twenty years within his memory, Mr. Grover said, belonged to an illiterate hut good sort of man, who had finally sold it and purchased a better place farther off Then the house, with a part of tho land adjoining, had been taken by a gentleman who was known as Dr. Mather, and was understood to be a very learned man and a writer. Mr. Grover and the rest of the neighbours believed him to bo " a little cracked." He used to go about the country gathering sea- weeds, plants, and insects, but would repel all approach to ac- quaintanco, and reply very rudely to any inquiry of the country-peoplo as to the use or purposo of his coMections. lie had a' wife, with whom it was said he lived on bad terms, and three sickly children, whose presonce he would scarcely tolerate. The wife and two of the children died, and then Dr. Mather went away witn the remaining child, leaving the place .to an agent for sale. It was then rented for a time by some people who, for reasons known only to themselves, would not remain their term" out; finally, we had 'taken it furnished as it was, for the summer. This was all that Mr. Grover knew. Upon hearing this simple account there in stinctively formed in my mind an explanation, if such it can he called, of the mysterious cir cumstances which had so puzzled and disturbed us. This Dr. Mather — this morose and un sociable man, and unkind husband and father, as I10 was described to be — this solitary collector of herbs — of what deeds might ho not have been guilty here in tho seclusion of this lonely country-house 1 "They had all three died ; " and my memory reverted with a shudder to tho word " Poisou ! " which I had hearij uttered by that mysterious voice. Perhaps murder had been committed in this bouse — even in that very olHcc-rooin which I had appropriated ; and this impression was deepened upon being iuformod by Mr. Grover, in answer to my inquiries, that that room had in reality been Dr. Mather's study or library, into which 110 'one was ever admitted; and tlmt he would sometimes remain in it whole days and nights together without being in terrupted, having his meals brought ami deposited outside the door, in the adjoining calloiy. The office and gallery were now carefully dimmed by us all, with the exception of M r. Walton, who haunted it with a persistency doubtless equal to that of the ghost itself. He was determined, he said, to learn all that could be learned of this mystery, and, if possible, to thoroughly unravel it. Gno evening, after a rain, a heavy sea-fog set in upon the coast, and tho atmosphere became all at once so damp and chilly as to render a (ire indispensable to comfort. As I have said, the rooms wero all large and airy, and were, moreover, carpctless and sparingly furnished. This was pleasant enough in warm weather, but inexpressibly dreary on this chill and damp day. ,p|.e tv.-o most comfortable apart ments of tlio house for cool weather were un doubtedly the nursery and the ollice.rooni, which were situated at opposite extremities of the long building. So, leaving tho former to the nurses and children, Air. Walton proposed that lie and Emma and I should make our selves comfortable for tho evening in the haunted room, as lie now called it, maugic tho ghosts ; and, as an inducement, promised us a hot oyster-supper. The oysters wore to lie had fresh out of the water, almost at our very door, just for the trouble of picking tliem up. Certainly tho room, as Emma and I rather hesitatingly entered it, looked pleasnut and cueerlul enough, with its blazing wood fire and tho toa-kottlo steaming 011 tho hearth. No ono made any allusion to tho ghost ; Mr. Walton, indeed, soeined to have forgotton tho subject in tho interest of the supper, though I, and I fancied also Emma, felt a littlo nervous as wo occasionally glanced furtively round tho room. Once or twico, also, I caught myself instinctively looking ovor my shoulder towards tho cornor cupboard behind mo. Supper over, Mr. Walton, who was a fine reader, entertained us with some chapters from Dickens's latest work, and wo were soon so much interested as to forget everything else. In the very midst of this, howovor/f was startled by fooling a faint breath of cold air upon my neck, and at tho same instant saw my sister's eyes lifted with a frightonod glance towards tho corner closet behind mo. I instinctively started up and crossed over to tho opposite side of tho fireplace. "What is it Louisa said Emma, nervously; "I saw the door of tho closot open." Mr. Walton closod his book and sat looking attentively at tho cupboard. Audit was whilst wo wero all thus perfectly silent and motionless that a sound broke the stillness— at first what seemod tho jingling of phials and rattling of chains, and then tho faint, uncertain sound of muffled voicos which I had heard more than once before, all coming unmistakably from the little triangular closet in the corner. " Oh, Richard, do you hear '<" grasped Emma, seizing fast hold of her husband's arm. For myself I came vory near screaming outright. "Hush — bo quiet !" said Air. Walton. And taking. ths lamp, ho advanced to the cupboard, threw wide opon tho door, and snrvoyed it minutely. It was simply a closet built of deal boards against the naked whitewashed walls of tho room. Three rickety shelves, unoccupied and much stained with ink and other liquids, wore all it contained. Betweon tho lower and middle shelves was a strip of wood nailod against tho wall, as if to covor a place where, as wo could see, the plaster had fallen away : and beneath this strip could bo discerned part of what seemod to bo a rat-hole. Bosiaos these not a thing was visible in the closet. And yet, as I livo, while we three stood there, gazing into tho empty closet, from its recesses came a hollow langh, and a low, childish voice said, plaintively, "Three — all dead — poisoned !" Emma sank down, half swooning. Even Air. Walton's faoo as I fancied became a shade pale ; and then we heard the voice again : " Bury them — grave under the willow." I looked again at-my brotner-in-law, and saw his lips compress and a kind of depression ap pear in his face. Ho advanced close to the closet, put his head almost within, and shouted, loudly and distinctly, " Who are you 1 Who is it that speaks 1 " In answer came a shriek, loud and appalling, ringing .in our very ears. Then tho same breath of cold air swept past, followed by tho violent shutting of a door and grating of a key in a lock. Wc looked at each other aghast, but before wc had time to utter a word we were again startled by a different sound — that of children's cries, and footsteps hurrying along the gallery to the room in which we were. The next moment the door burst open and in rushed the nurse, bearing baby in her arms, and fol lowed by the nurse-maid dragging the three elder children after her, all the latter pain and terrified, and Freddy in particular shrieking shrilly. "What is the matter! What has hap pened 1 " screamed Emma, forgetting her own recent terror in alarm for her children. " Gli, master ! oh, ma'am ! there is a ghost in the nursery. We all heard it — Master Fred and J. We heard some ono say, ' Who are you 1 Who is it speaking 1 ' " AH. Walton turned round and onco more looked into the closet. Then taking the tongs from the hearth he inserted tliem behind the hit of board which I have mentioned as nailed to the wall, and wrenched it away, exposing as he did so a small aperture surrounded by a metallic ring. " I have discovered the mystery at last," he said, turning to us with a smile. " It is no ghost, but simply a speaking tulio. Stay here, and when you hear the spirits place your mouth to this and answer tliem." He left the room, and in a few minutes we again heard the mysterious sepulchral voico in tho closet, only much more distinct now since the board had been removed — " How are you all 1 " I summoned courage to answer, " AIucli better." And then there came a low laugh, ghostly enough certainly to have caused our blood to curdle had we not been aware of the identity of the apparent ghost. And so it was all explained, and the mystery of the haunted closet cleared up. There was, as Air. Walton had said, a speaking-tube com municating between the oilice-room and the distant nursery, placed there, doubtless, by the eccentric naturalist, Dr. Mather, for his own convenience ; ancl he, on leaving the house, had simply carelessly boarded over the mouths of the tube, not dreaming of, or indifferent to, the consequences of this negligence. Probably it had been those vory mysterious sounds which had driven away the last occupants of the house ; and certain it is that, but for the fortu nate discovery of their source, wc ourselves might have been won over to the ranks of OjiiilLualiolS mid gliost-bfclicvors. Such results have ere now been produced by slighter causes than these. Tho explanation of the various sounds heard jy us in the office-room, is "very simple. The ;orresponding mouth of the tube was in a iloset in the nursery precisely similar to that in the ollice. In this closet were stored the various cups, bottles, and so forth used in the nursery, and to secure these from tho children the closet was generally kept locked. It was the opening and shutting of this closot door, with the grating of the key in tho rusty lock, that had so often alarmed mo ; and when it was open, and a search going on among its contents for some special article, the noises thus made and the words spoken in the closet could be heard more or less distinctly in the ollice. Also, when the closet-door was suddenly shut to, it would produce a current of air through the tube sufficient to slightly open the loosely-hung door of the office cupboard. Alas- tor Freddy's idea of setting a mouse-trap in tho closet, baited with poisoned food, had added much to the effect of the mystery; and it was little Afary's voice which had pleaded so pathetically for the three victims of her bro ther's experiment, imploring that tliev might be buried under the willow-tree. Air. Walton used to say that it was almost a pity that the secret of the tube should have been discovered, ' and thereby so capital a ghost-story spoiled. — bulks' Treasury of Litera- 'lwe. 