MISCELLAIfEOUS. Bubting THE Wibxo WOMXS.—A. remarkable case was recently reported in Waterford. For some week's past a Mrs. Keane, wife of a man named John Keane, residing in Alexander Street, in that city, had been in die Union Hospital, and on Jan. 26 a messenger from union brought him intelligence of her death. He immediately repaired to the workhouse, and having satisfied himself of the accuracy of the report, he proceeded to the agent of the St. Patrick Burial Society in the city, a member of which he was. and having produced the necessary certificate of death, he received £3 10s., the amount due to him under the rules of the society. Bb next Iproceeded to the undertaker's, purchased a coffin, and sending it up to the workhouse, had the remains placed in it and conveyed to bis own residence. The usual wake was held, when all the relatives of the deceased with the neighbours assembled, and the general impression of all who saw the corpse was tiiat deceased had great]ey changed since last they saw her. The remains was followed by a host of sorrowing frends to the graveyard and were si 1 mnly interred, Kean's grief being so great that he could Jiot be comforted. The grave, however, was closed over the remains, and all returned home sorrowing. Keane proceeded to work the next day, and at night returned to his desolate home. While gitting taking his lonely supper that evening the latch of the door was lifted, and in walked Mrs John Keane, and, delighted at again being restored to her home, she rushed at him, and throwing her arms around his neck, in the wildest ecstacy began kissing him. Keane was at firsthorrified, and, like Hamlet addressing the ghost, besought of her to say if she was really mortal. Mrs. Keane could not understand poor Keane's conduct at fust. When Keane's bewilderment began to cease he narrated all .story of the funeral, and Mrs. Keane screamed with laughter at the wake and funeral. Keane immediately proceeded to the union, and there ascartained that a Mtf. Keana had really died in the house, but that she was the wife of John Keane residing in Peter Street., On hearing of the matter the St. Patrick Society was furious, because the second John Keane was not member of the society. The whole affair has created the greatest amusement in the city. A Savage Love" Chase.—In Sew Mexico, where young ladies are scarce, five men once wooed the same damsel. The lovers, it seems, were all equally poor and—disreputable. The girl didn't love any of them, but she feared them all. As the wooing wased warm, the lovers began to indulge in threats of shooliug and throat cutting; and one of them, more savage than the rest, declared that he would cut the throat of the girl himself sooner than see her the wife of any of his rivals. This so frightened the girl that ^he resoived on "flight. Making ample but secret preparations, she fled one morning, on horseback, to the ranche of a friend, distant nearly one hundred miles from her home. The next day her flight was discovered, and the five lovers set out in pursuit, every one of them determined to catch her and marry her or die. They Tode in company till the horse of one began to fall behind, when he insisted that the others should slacken their Epeed, so as to give him an equal chance. This they refused to do, whereupon he drew his revolver and began to fire at then* horses. This so maddened the four other lovers that they opened fire on their assailant, and shot him and his horse, but not till he had wounded and lamed two of their horses. The owners of the two wounded horses, seeing that they would be distanced in the race, demanded that their comrades should give them an equal chance by all going on foot. This proposition being declined, a second fight was immediately begun, which ended in the death of two of the combatants, and the wounding of the other two so seriously that they could not proceed. After two days of suffering, the wounded men were found by a parly of explorers, and sent to a cabin where they could have such help as the limited resources of a frontier settler's family could supply. There one of them soon died ; and the other, after a long illness, recovered sufficiently to ride away , on horseback in search of some old companions. He did not propose to go in pursuit of the girl again, as he had heard of her marriage to a cousin who was skilful with the bowie-knife, and a dead shot. A Heeohte.—A woman named Virgicie Chesquieres has just died in the Petits Menages Asylum, at Issy, within fiftyfive days of .^attaining her hundredth year. A remarkable act of heroism is related of this female under the First Empire. It was during an engagement in the Peninsular War; the colonel of the 27th Begiment had been killed and left on the ground when the sergeant, a slight young man, and two soldiers devoted themselves to recovering the body of their officer. They started together, but the two men were struck down on the way, and the sergeant only reached the spot; he attempted to lift the corpse on to' his shoulders, but was too weak to do so; perceiving two of the enemy at a distance, he made signs as if he. were wounded, and the others hastened 'forward expecting to make a prisoner, when the sergeant fired and bropght . dow.n one of them, then seized hw l^^k^elother had fled—got the body.,pn it,'$Q$unl6d himself, and galloped back to the lrench lines. There it was seen tha$vthe .yoiing man was himself wounded, as blood: was flowing freely from his breast; he was undressed, in spite of his resistance, when life was found to be a woman! It was Virginie Cliesquieres, of Delimont, in the Department of the Nord, who, six years before, seeing her young brother drawn in the conscrip- tion, had dressed herself in men's clothe.®, and taking his place, had been inerrporated in the 27th .Regiment, and had risen to the grade of sergeant. This is the woman who has just died in the asylum at Issy. Anotieee Cor.LTsrox at Sea.—The American brigamiiie Alberta, from London, with a general cargo, for Berbice, put iiito Plymouth on Jan. 26 disabled and her captain killed. After being employed for several weeks beating down the Channel against the late adverse weather she had arrived eight miles southeast of the Lizard, when she was run into by a large barque, the officers < f which refused to give her name, and left without rendering any assistance. The brigautine's captain was crushed by a spar while endeavoring to get his wife on board the barque. One of the brigantine's crew is missing; he is supposed to have climbed on board the barque. A Determiktsd Totjkg Lady.—At Guildhall, on Febuary 17,Thomas Jerham, wiio said he was a costermonger, was charged before Mr. Aldermau Stone with stealing a purse containing money, a £oI<! pencil-case, a railway season ticket, and other articles from the pocket of the prosecutrix on the platform of the London, Chatham and Dover Railway at Ludgate- Lill. Miss Alice Yadsby said she was a saleswoman in a wholesale house in the City, aiid on the previous Saturday she was on the platform of the Landon, Chatham and Dover Eailway Station at Ludgate-hill. A train came up, and she went to enter a carrage, and while doing so the prisoner pressed against her so suspiciously that she was induced to feel in her pockets, which she did, and missed her purse. The prisoner, as soon as he had secured his booty, hasened to a third class carrage, but was closely followed by Miss Yadsby, who entered the compartment after, seized him by the collar, and demanded back her purse. The prisoner, streuuously denied having taken it, but the lady was positive and refused to let her prisoner go. When the train was about to start the railway officials came to shut the door of tliqcarrage,and hearing the charge against the prisoner, soon had him out of the carrage, and let the train go. The prisoner then gave up the purse to the prosecutrix, and she gave him into custody. Mr Alderman Stone remanded the prisoner, so that inquries might be made as to his antecedents. Paying foe a Bltxkdeb,.—In the Court of Common Pleas, the other day, a case was heard, in which Messrs. Scholefield and C-i. (Limited) sought to recover damages from Messrs. Boberts, Lubbock, and Co., for the dishonor of two acceptances by the plaintiffs' bankers. It was shown that this was the result of a blunder, and the defendants contended they did all they could to prevent mischief arising from it. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiffs—damages, £200. A T^ewSaikt.—Advices received from Bome state it is to be the Pope's Intention to canonise Mary Queen of Scots. 