OUR ILLUSTBATIOir. ARCHBISHOP MANNING. OOB illustration this week ia the portrait of an illustrious prince of tbe Church, of a great Englishmen, and of a good and generous friend to the Irish people settled in England. Dr. Manning is highly distinguished •a a divine, an author, a philanthropist, and a social reformer. Hi» Grace the Archbishop of Westmineter is a man of giant intellect highly cultivated, and of extraordinary sagacity in the employment of hie extraordinary gifts to practical purposes of great interest to tbe Church and to tbe State. The early days of the restoration of the hierarchy in England will be for ever remarkable for the dis'inguished abilities of the prelates charged with promising the revival of C<tnolicitv in that country. Cardinal Wiseman, high as he was in the Ctiurch, was not Itss eminent in the work of letters, and in the footsteps of that great priest his successor Archbishop of Westmiuster worthily walks. His Grace has more than once acknowledged the services of Irish priests and Irish laymen in the work of Ca holic revival in Englai.d, and on more than one occasion he lias borne generous testimony to Ireland's fidelity to the faith at home, and to her successful missionary efforts«bro<(l. On a St. Patrick's D.»y two or three years past he preached the panegyric of our Patron Saint in Rame, and there eloquently extolled the sanctity of St. Patrick, and the undying ineradicable faith of his children. On the s*me festival in 1672 he preached in London. Having tak^n for his text the words—" Be faithful unto death and I will give thee the crown of life," the Archbishop proceeded to point out th< ir applicability to Ireland. " Ireland (said the preacher) has continued faithful through sorrow and suffering. This day is observed by the children of Ireland all the world over, not only at home, but in E igland, Scotland, America, Australia, India, and parts of Africa. No saint has his feast observed by so many grateful hearts. . . Ireland has clung to the Holy R >man Catholic Church while other churches have sprung from Acts of Parliament, Ramember also to teach your children what St. Patrick taught your fathers. D > not teach them reading and writing only. Woe to that father or mother that sends a child to be fid ucated where the name of Gjd is not adored, and those of His Mother and of St. Patrick are not held in respect. Be most C&rciUl;, careful, too, LUU, of the HIC home IIUI11C education. u. . . . Christianity is crumbling and dying In England, but the Catholic Church is united as of old. Cherish feelings of charity and generosity to all around you, and continue to be in unison with your clergy. Be faithfill under death and you will receive the crown of life." As a great social reformer Archbishop ; anning is now well known throughout Engand, and he is held in the highest esteem by he members of all denominations. He is a ealous labourer in the cause of temperance, | nd his efforts have been attended with the j ost happy results. Recently he has been I ngaged heart and soul in an endeavour to rouse an interest in the deplorable condition f the agricultural labourers of England, thus obly and remarkably illustrating the paernal care which the Church takes ia the oor. Its object throughout all time has een to raise and instruct the labourer and o improve him heart, soul, and body. Inpired by the history and traditions of the hurch of which he is a distinguished convert, hie Grace the Archbishop of Westminster has come before his countrymen as a great social reformer whose aims are at the same time both good and practical. And he has been fortunate in winning the approval and sympathy of many of the best of English journa' The great Catholic Bishop has not hesitated to expose some of tbe sores in the -social system of England, and though his exposures reflect shame on the indifference and heartlessness of the great proprietors in relation to their tenantB and tbe peasantry of tbe country, he has not been charged with provoking discontent amongst the working 'classes or with inciting them to form illegal .associations. Undeserved cenmre of that .chasacter has often been the lot of an Irish Bishop in Ireland who only did as Arch- 'bishop Manning is doing, but then England .and Ireland are only one in theory, and what was culpable on the west aide of the (Channel is praiseworthy on the opposite side. "From " Men o£ the Times" we take the •following J— Jlr . " The Most Rev. Henry El ward Manning, D.D., son of the late William Manning, Esq., M.P., merchant, of London, was bom in 1809, wad waa educated at Harrow and Baliol College, Oxford, where in the year 1830, he graduated as a Bachelor of Arts with first-class honours, and became a ARCHBISHOP MANNING. Follow of Merton College. He was for some time one of the select preachers in the University of Oxford, and in 1834 was appointed Vicar of Lamineton and G-raff ham, Sussex, and in 1840 Archdeacon of Chicester. These preferments he resigned on joining the Catholic Church in 1851, in which he entered the priesthood and became Superior of the Obitat?s of St. Charles Barrens at Bays water. The degree of D.D. was conferred npon him at Rjme, as were also the offices of Provost of Westminster, Prothouofcary Apostle, and Domestic Prelate to his Holiness ULUlLUCaO the imc Pope. X. UJJC. On \JIX the wii^ death UOBVU of Cardinal Wiseman he became Archbishop of Westminster. Dr. Manning has written several religions works." Justin M'Carthy (a Protestant) in a sketch of Archbishop Manning, published in the Galaxy, says:— The man who has aroused all this emotion shrinks back almost as if he were afraid of it, although it is surely not new to him. He is a tall, thin personage, some sixty-two years of age. His face is bloodless—pale as a ghost, one might say. He is so thin as to look almost cadaverous. The outlines of the ace are handsome and dignified. There is much of courtly grace and refinement about the bearing and gestures of this pale, weak, and wasted man. He wears a long robe of violet silk, with some kind of dark cape or collar, and has a massive gold chain round his neck, holding attached to it is a great gold cross. There is a certain nervous quivering about his eyes and lips, but otherwise he is perfectly collected and master of the occasion. His voice is thin, but wonderfully clear and penetrating. It is heard all through this great hall—a moment ago so noisy, now so silent. The words fall with a slow, quiet force, like drops of water. Whatever your opinion may be, you cannot chose but listen ; and, indeed, you want only to listen and see. For this is the foremost man in the Catholic Church of England. This is the Cardinal Grandison of Disraeli's " Lotbair'*—Dc. Henry Edward Manning, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Westminster, successor in that office of the late Cardinal iseman. It is no wonder that the Irishmen at the eeting are enthusiastic about Archbishop Manning. An Englishman of Englishmen, with no drop of Irish blood in his veins, he is more Hibernian than the Hibernians themselves in his sympathies with Ireland. A man of social position, of old family, of the highest education and the most refined instincts, he would leave the Catholic noblemen at any time to go down to his Irish teetotallers at the East end of London. He firmly believes that the salvation of England is yet to be accomplished through the inflnence'of that religious devotion which is at thebottom of the Irish nature, and which some of us call superstition. He loves his country dearly, but turns away from her present condition of industrial prosperity to the days before the Reformation, when yet saints trod the English soil. " lu England there has been no saint since the Reformation," he said the other day, in sad. sweet tones, to one of wholly different opinions, who listened with a mingling of amazement and revercnce. No views that I have ever heard put into living bodies embodied to anything like the same°extent the fall claims and pretensions of Ultramontanism. It is quite wonderful to sit and listen. One cannot but be impressed by the sweetness, the thoaghtfulness, the dignity, I had almost said the sanctity, of the man who thus pours forth, with a manner full of the most tranquil conviction, opinions which proclaim all modern progress a failure, and glorify the Roman priest or the Irish easant as the true herald and repository of ight, liberty, and regeneration to a sinking and degraded world. But the man himself is worthy of the profonndest interest, of study and even of admiration. He is the spirit, the soul, the ideal of mediaeval faith, embodied in the form of a living English scholar and gentleman. He represents and illustrates a movement the most remarkable, possibly the most portentous, which has disturbed England and the English Church since the time of Wyckliffe. No one can have any real knowledge of the influence at work in English life to-day, no one can understand the history of the past twenty years, or even pretend to conjecture as to the possibilities of the future, who has not paid some attention to the movement which has Dr. Manning for one of its most distinguished leaders, and to the position and character of Manning himself. 