POPULAR EDUCATION. [To the Editor of the Northern Argus.~\ . Sm—I asked some time since, "Was there nothing better to advocate publicly than dancing ?" What was the result ? Abuse, as " lies, slander, and non- respectability." In asking the question it was with an earnest desire that some abler pen than mine fin Clare) would demonstrate by a proper answer the necessity of advocating for popu lar education. In. my first lesson in anylatical chemistry (which I regret was not followed up), I was ! taught to resolve all compounds and metals i to find their elements; so it was with the j " leading society" of Glare. Having ascer tained their elements I will proceed. It is too patent to all the predominance | of those debasing elements, drink and smoking (twin brothers and travelling com panions), that pervade the Main street and stalk like ghosts at every corner of. Clare; that it is time something is done to re deem the street and other Arabs in which Clare abounds. I do think that our " learned men" of Cl;;rj never seriously t o.isidered the philology of the term " popular education."' They dad attempt some time since to give an " intellectual treat" (so the placards an nounced) to the juveniles for the benefit of the Institute, and wherein the describer of the dissolving views said in the most graphic manner, " The bridge of sighs in Naples." I did sigh deeply for the juveniles, and thought if this is a specimen of " topo graphical knowledge" in Clare—oh I for: the time when some man (or men) would give us something better, as mental food for! children. It is also a well-known fact that Clare is 20 years at least behind other places of less importance in practical knowledge, except drink and its kin. One of the writers against " Paradox's" question very cutely observed that " the dryness of Paradox's subjects-could not be embraced by the committee." Yes, Sir, it was at the wetting of the subjects that I hurled the thunderbolts. I will ask, What did the committee do ? and what have they done to make the In stitute answer the purpose intended, or as desired by the Government ? They first of all used it for private dancing parties; se-' condly they gave a reading by the Rev. Stanton ; and how many scientific lectures and readings have been given ? Nil. So much for the boasted "latent local talent" of Clare. Bad.cases require sharp practice: an abscess must be lanced before it can be healed. If you will permit me, my next shall be a milder treatment, the " curative progress." I will attempt to show that there is something better than dancing and smoking to advocate. The first the ele ments of " social science," and others form ing the compound " Popular Education." I am, Sir, &c.;, A Page of Histobt. Clare, May 5,18/3.. 