THE MAGAZINES. . BELORA vid. this month, is a lively, periodical containing, in addition to the usual allowanct of fiction, soveral highly interesting articles " Spring in Syria" is . one 'of these articles Tho writer, is in raptures with the climate one scenery of Boyrout. He says:-?? ; The dimite and scenery have all tho -elementa for restoring derangements of our bodily function,, skies ever Bunny nnc serena ; an atmosphère pure; trunsluotd, aud exhilarating ; tho entire'aspect of nature combining the clements of tu« grand and beautiful ; tho impressions produced by mountain towering to the eklos, and landscapes replete with garnit loveliness; all impress, with their various and cheering char acterlstlcs, the nilnds of those who are within :thotr influence, Tits traveller over those'mountains feels ' a" btioyanoy'that sectus, as it wero, to lift him from tho earth ; and turn which way he will; there are objects admirably adapted to soothe and charm the senses, to etcttentid ravish the imagination. Ka wonder, therefore, that ho should be free alike .from indiges- tion and low spirits, froth : lassitude and numil "that tile joyous brightness arid beauty without should-light up a cheerful serenity within; that'll!s mind should be in the healthiest and Happiest'state for receiving .tho sayest aud most pleasing Impressions ; and that, thees should lix..them- selves In his memory, and be ever altor ream-red to with delight. ,: ?; , 1 ' ' Tho following account of a bull-fight by Sir Henry Pottinger^' shows'!tho. stuff ; of, whioh Spanish hearts ave made. Tho men and women who. can taire-' pleasure in witnessing such scenes ' as1. Sir Henry describes aro quite, capable of practising .thé atrpcities which are usuully associated with whatis bolled "-civil war" in Spain. These atrocities aro no doubt now, in full swing;andwcsball hoar <jf them in duo timé. Of- all the living things' present at the bull fight the. horse and bull woro confessedly the noblest. . La Perla means ,tho former, and El Be'the latter. We aro told-that tho human combatant .. . With tho garrocha held low lu rest, and his oyo axed on the blood-shot orbs which followed hi« slightest movement, slowly, almost imperceptibly so to avoid provoking a charge, ho haokod lia Perla .in n half circle, until the point of the spear lay at an acute augie behind tbs shoulder of the hull. Those only who were searest, straining over t he barrier to catch, Uko true aficionados, the niceties of tho combat, could hear the words, ??? Ahora o nunca, por ml vida, o - por ml muerta;" and Utting La Perla with sptir and baud and will, with tho Inoicpllcatuesympatliy willoh cxIstB between a true rider and bis horse, he httrlcd her at tho bull. Bo rapid waa tho dash, that before Bl Ita could make a half-turn to meet lt, tho spear was lu his shoulder, driven with the full weight orman and horse, with the full vigour of that tremendous urm. Beneath tim terrifia Impulso the blunt point burst through the lacerated bide, and irresistible as the keon blade of the matador, tho hugo shaft followed, boring through flesh and brawn and tumelo, right down into tho vary heart ot the mighty bulk ; tho mass still Bürgert and heaved and struggled against tho mortal agony, tim tough garrocha bent Ilka = wand, and Zia Perla reeled and tottered Ilka a drunken man, but. the arm of Mondez waa BB a bar of steel. Yon would not have «aid that the horse was supporting tho rider, but that tho rider, holiliiir hythe spear-shaft, was sustaining the Itorso between lils knees; nnd so tba three remained, until the loot convulsive throe dlod out of what wss once £1 Re. and hi Perla, though shivering in every limb, bad recovered from her exhaustion ; thuti with one mighty effort Mender, drew nut ,tho garrocha, and removing his mask, saluted tito royal box. , Mendez was simply a butcher, and bis vic-j tory over the bull was precisely similar to the ¡ ' triumphs which oro every day achieved at ' Glcbo leland Abattoirs. Ho got out of t reach, of tho bull's horns, attacked him f v< behind, and killed bim, with but vc slight risk. It ÍB necessary that beasts shot be slaughtered, but why people should p large sums to seo them slaughtered after tl fashion is 13 us a mystery, which we can or solve by supposing that tho patrons of bi fights are in a semi-barbarous condition. N Sola's continuation of "Imaginary London " ?worth reading, although the style of it is ratb farfetched and. stilted. .. o OASBELX'S MAGAZINE commences a n< story and finishes an old- one. It also 1 joices ; in certain reminiscences of the Thi Napoleon, written by Lord "William- Lehne and has a number of other tales and sketch os well.' Some verses on the Captain, of t \- Nórthfleet, by Gerald Massey, are wor ! reading :-\ i v..- '. Bo oltea Is tile proud deed done, i ... By men Ilk« this at duty s cs.ll. , I...-, r Bo many are the honours won By them, we cannot wear them all I \- ' .- They make theherolocommonplace, :_ >?:>' I .. - ) And dying thus the nstural way; . . . Yet 1« our world-wide English race ' JEnnubled. by that death. To-day I j : -. - It brings the thoughts that fathom things ' . .'». " To anchor fast where billows roll ;-.i J: . j ,:.,.!. {?.?nt - It stirs ns with a sense ol wings .. i I u l 1 : .- f That strive to lift the earthiest soul. .," .......... , . ,;.,.',,?; i -.Xovo wasso ne", and life so sweet, I - , - But at tho call ho left the wine ? - : ? And sprang full-stattired to his feet;- J - ? lu.- .- . ' . Responsive to the touoh. divine, i .' -J \ú' -¿i." ' .?-?i -.<; .y.) -«.-.'.h,.-; -'.¡.'':'.'.« *r»w v. ''Nay, dear, I oumotsee you die, 1( : , . . ., . JFor me, I have my work to do ? Sphere. Dovrh to tue boat. Good-bye, , . - ..... Qod bless your I shall see lt through.' ..!?-« ,' ;.-;.«?. -. - J Weread,.un"tll the.villon dimsn ., .-,",, -!..-. I.,T,-: n1. .. ? ;!-. ^.Anddrowns;t but, ere the.pang be post, -, ,.f. . .. . A tide of triumph overbrims . ;. ¿, - -, ...... ... And breaks -with light from heaven at last. : rxhro1 all tho blaokneis of that night ."<? '?.>.? A glory streamy from ont the gloom ; - ,.;. .) ; Bia steadfast spirit holds the light .... I . i : .?? : . .. That shines till Night ls overcome.- - . . .., ,??, . Theses will do Its worst,-and life Be sobbed ont in a bubbling breath ; ' \- Bot firmly in the coward strife ? ? ' ?? There stands a man who hath vtnqalsht Desi h I ... . .i| A flottl.th&t; conquers wind and wave,,. r, And towers above a sinking deck; . . . . A bridge across tho gaping grave; ? A rainbow rising o er the wreak. <:i He saved others; saved the name'.; ,-i -. n > - ,i i: : -.Unsullied that bo gave his wifes' ... .. . ! - ;, - And dying with so pure an aim,. - _ ,,. ... . . He had no need to save his life,. . .1 ? " Lord t how they «llama tho life we live, - ... ..... . - The«e sailors of our sea-girt Isle, - -t < ' . i i- . -*Who cheerily take what Thou mayst give, * .i. i. And go down with a heavenward smile I The men who sow their lives to yield .. A glorious crop hi lives to he ; . "Who turn to England s harvest-field ?-.'?'?' .i ? The unfrtiltfiirfurrows orths sen. ' - ..? -> 'With such a breed ofmen so.brave,' ." i i . The Old Land has not had her day ; . : lint long", her strength, with crested wave, .? \- Shall ride theseus, the proud old way. - ( , ALI, THU YEAH ROUND maintains its big reputation as a. thoroughly^ readable serw. The present number is rich in gossip theatri cal, medical, and of other kinds. Tue folio win: is a sample, showing how an actor played u two houses on the same.nightv The actor wa Mr. Farley ; the houses, ' Covent1 Garden, ant .tho - Haymarket Theatres, in London : .,- , : At Covent Garden the curtain roso at half-past slx'o'clock 'In tho Haymarket tho representation comtneucod a t seven At the-former theatre Farley was cut for ono of the wltche in Macbeth. - At the latter he was required to Impersonal Hir Phillp. Modelove, in tho comady ol' "A Bold Stroke fort .Wife.", It; was a question of Atting in his exits ot Coven, ',Gardoii with lils entrances ut the II ir market." Anackney coach' was In' attendance, provided w.th a dresser, lighter candles,'tnenecoaáary chnoge of costurr.e, and the means o altering his make-up. His early duties ai a triton at Coven . Qardeu fulfilled, the actor.jumpeddnto lils coach, and. wltl the assisunce of his dresser, wai, promptly .changed from th weird sister of the tragedy to the elderly beau of the comedy Ile duly arrived at the Haymarket In time to present hlmsel ' as Slr Philip, whose first entrance upon tl.« stage ls In th j second not nf the play. This part of his tn-lt performed; hi j hurried again to CoventGarden belngtransforiuedon the rout from Sir Philip back again ta the weird 'starer.. Again he lef the patent tlieatmand ro«che<l tho Hayiiurketlii.'lrnetoreap I pear as Slr Phillp, on the eecoud entronco bf thatoharaotei I In the fifth not of the play. The actor dequ'tted hlmsel entirely to the satisfaction of his two audiences, who wore perhaps, hardly aware of the extent of als laboitr>, bot wltl very considerable Btralrj upon lils nervous syottui, For, ti add to tho difficulties of his task; his coaohmnii, ¡adhieren to the counsel that the inore haste often sfgntfi'-s the wore speed, turning a corner too sharply, ran lils fore-wliecl agalns' a post, and upset coach, actor, dresser,'candles, costume, ant all. This untimely accident notwithstanding, the actor, witt assistance freely rendered hy a.friendly crowd, secured an other vehicle, and succeeded in accomplishing au exploit tilt! j can scarcely be paralleled In histrionic records. . . This story is eclipsed by the following, giver by Mrs. Mo watt: ' ~1 " " .,' A curious Instanceof a double belngemployedln connectlot with a dummy to secure a theatrical illusion of a special kind. The play, produced at the Olympia Theatre some tx enty yean ago, was an English version ot'ttle Ariadne of Thomas Corneille In the original, Ariadne, upon the discovery of the perfidy o Theseus, falls upon a Bworrt and expires. Thia catastrophe was altered in the adaptation, and a startling effeot produced by the leaping of the herolnofroma'roek, and ber plunging into the sea, while the ship of The&eits; is seen departing in the distance. It was found necessary that three Arladnesi similarly eostumcd, and identical in appearance, should lend their aid to accomplish this thrilling termination. Mrs, Mowatt, as Ariadne thc firsr, paced the shoi-e, and received the agonising Intelligence of the desertion of Theseus. A ballet girl, aa Ariadne tho second, climbed tito racks of the Island of Ñaxos, rcachiug the highest peak to catch the last gllmpie of tho vanishing vessel. The third Ariadne was a most Ufc-liko lay figuro, which, cn a given sicnal, was hurled from the clift", and seen to fall into the abyss below. The greatest difficulty teems to.have been experienced at rehearsal In persuading Arirdno the second even to walk np the steep rocks of ffaxos. The poor balletgirl had been chosen for this duty less because of lier courago than on account ot 'an accidental resemblance Bho boro to Mrs. alowutt. "She stopped and shrieked half-way, protested she was dizzy, and might fall, and would not advance a step further. After about half an hour's delay, during- which tho poor girl was encour- aged, coaxed, and scolder! abundantly, she allowed the carpenter who planned tho rooky pathway, to lead her care- fully up and down tho declivity, and finally rushed up alone.'' At a certain ono shs was required to fall upon ber face, con- cealed from tho audlanco by an Intercepting rock, and then the lay figure took its flight through tho air. The success of the performance appears to have been com- plete. The substitution ol the doublo for Ariadne, and the dummy for the double puzzled even speotatorB who were providod with powerful opera-glasses. The Illusion was so perfect," Mrs. Mowett writes, " that on the first night of the 'representation,'.when 'Ariadne leaped from the reek, aman started up in the pit, exclaiming in a touo ot genuine horror, .Good (Jodi she ls killed.'" : ij , . . . Gossip of this light and sparkling kind, is always interesting. THe'fö31owing_ hypoohon driacal story'is'toó good to bo'omitted. It is given in thor sketcKr entitled " "Old Edinburgh lectors." Dr. Alexander Wood is tho medical ;hero of/the tale ; V',i.' ^'?!. !. 'i* ' ? : ", '-.,;,'' One of hts patients, -tho' Honourable Mrs. --. took lt into her head that she was a hen, and that her mission In life was to hatch eggs.' Bo firmly did this delusion take posses- sion of ber mind, that by and by sha found it Impossible to rise off her seat; lest the eggs should get cold. Sandy encour- aged her manta; and requested that ne might have the plea- sure of taking a "dish of tea," with her that evening, sud that she would have the very best china ou the table. .Bbc cordially agreed to this, arid when har gnest arrived In til" evonlng ho'found the te*-tray enrored withsomovery valua- ble crockery, willoh did - not belle Its -nama, for k had really, been Imported from Ohiná by a relative of tho lady, an East India nabob. The Burgoon mado a lew remarks about the oioscness of tho room, asked permission to raise tba window, f and then watching nu opportunity when the hostess's cyo was on him, ho seized tho trayliil of fraalle wear and foigned to throw thom out of tho window. The lady soroamcd, and, forgetful tn her fright of ber supposed Inability to rise, sha rushed from her seat, to arrest the arm of tho .Vandal. ' Thai task was nota hard one, for the eccentrlo old surgeon laughed ns he replaced the tray on the table; and escorted his patient to her seat. 'The spell bad been'broken, and nothing more was ever heard of tho egg-hatohlng mania. - ' i. Uv. : Wood was on Abernethy in his* way. ! ', Another lady patient of tris had a tumour In her throat; which threatened her death If it did riot burst. She entirely lost her voloe, and all his efforts to reach the seat of tho malady were'unavailing. As a lust resort, be quietly placed the pokorln the fire, and after tn vain attempting to gat hts patlrnt to scream, BO as to burst the tumour, he asked her to' open her mouth, and then seizing the now red-hot poker,he m ade a rush with lt to ber throat. The reiult was a yell of . terror from the thoroughly frightened patient, which efiected what hn had long desired-the creaking, of the tumour, sud her recovery. . ' .:>??>. Tho CORNHIIII, contains this month the con- tinuation -of'"Zelda's Fortune,", and Old Ken ington," a paper ont' Anagram's,'' which word freely translated means stupid things, "Notes on Ghosts aend Goblins," the "Fly-fisher in Winter Quarters," and other articles. Exclusive of fiction the " Fly-fisher in Winter Quarters" is Eerhaps the most readable article in the mim- er. ' Hereisa sample;dcscribmgwhatwemay call the flyfishers library : .». ' ' KV formal library I« lt, cold and stately, where tho visitor glides silently along, afraid thattheghoBtof any mitliorwhntn ho should sacrilegiously dare to extricate from Its gilded prison burB would at ouco rise ta confront Ulm-no smaller but equally tidy room, with jvery book in ita place, and eve cbalr mathematically correct in lu distança from lu uelft botir ; bm little real work ia ever done in Buch apartments thean. Our Ideal unglor's study li small, and sooth to si would, lrom a womnn'a point nf view, ba even called untid a» it is sacred from oil profane intrusion of housemaids. Ti «pider and tho Hy reign there, us ut the river-aide, supreni Hooka, tarkio cases, bnitlea of «urionaly coloured and vlliai ouclj- smelling compounds, linplemeuta of woodcraft, binocular and u inlcrocoope. Ila on chaira aud shelves in ai mh-ablo confusion, but-murk this, yo women who would 1 over tidying ilie euuotum-Ita master knows exactly where I lind eaoh article. The light is probably dim even in aumin! (tho worthy owner noit-r listening to womankind's Bugcei tiona about muslin oiu-taius, nud preferring his oM red ones but the favourite writing table is drawn to the window whic looks over thc little lawn,, whenco loo tho sun cnn dally!: seen Betting over twenty miles of woodland., Beside lt 1B th chair which trioanglr finds mott condnclve '>o wnkln drenma; n chair removed -because of Its comfort from th ladtea* rooms nota qutefureat columbi?-and planted urtisticallt ton« more parenthesis, in ch'ùtrç oxcttrbî) on the shady side « he table:.. Hods and lan.ding-''rieta are neatly arranged in recess between the bookcase*. A print of Izaak Walton, fron of tnisi's celebrated ploture, together with two more portrait! one probably that^of* the goaa Bishop -Andrewea, the othe that of the founder of the flv-iUher's old college, are all th pictures that he cares to hang In lils room. It is only In rivet aide Inna and cockney, smoking rooina that you aver see poi traits of (he monster barbel or leviathan jock, which thel capturer caused to be limned in the pride ot hta heart. Bind lesa does on>" Ideal uniter tolerate such atrocities us,stuffed Hal in glass oases upon his walja., Like Aristotle's maguojiltnou mat), lie bas caught so many, large tish ia lila time, that lie cai afford to despite such' banausic display. 'Tako.hlm'ofl hi guard, howoi'er-"not .e\ op the perfect.nngler Ja wit» nt ol hours; say af ter an evening's sympathetic chaton liy-fisliln: -and lie will open e. drawer tn the bljtr table which contains i few tracing>i of monster trout, takeu-by. him. In" such and encl a waters , and ofrerwarda ;Jn water, colours-you ahull see hin "smile with a depreciatory air.us lao piitsthetn before you-"J peor thing sir jbut^mlne ow»." ' "''.'"-"; ' /' .. iv Thei.SUNDAY,.IÚ^OAZÍNÍ in. ifs/Iîemiuis cericcs oftholate Dr. Guthrie, relates astorytt: :Hugh/Miller," which is specially illustrative o: "Miller's charact^ bj ÇDrVl Hauriá^ who'says V-r^ .;;:* Jj . ' £ ' iv. ; ..-1 remember Dr.- Guthrie onoo.teltner. me lii.tbo vestry- rooor that he was greatly perplexed about Hugh Hiller. The haras sing work ol editorship of the IJYIIKM newspaper-moro Unit -ehbiigh fororçe man-was bein? carried on by him along wltl literary and scientific labours of the most ardtious'lilnd.' Th« two Were liiterferliip wl«li one; nbotlier, tho whole burden o them telling seriously npon hi» healtlitand spirlla. ? A lucra tl ve Situation In a public office had j uat been offered to him which hewas hesitating to accept, Ur. Guthrie, who doubt, leas had a large share In getting, li im the cll'er, was preatlj concerned about tbjr; hot only from tlio'dcatre that air. MU lei might,be relieved from .all mere literary drudgery, und'Ufi free to follow: his" own chosen .paths,' but from a kindly can .for his famlly[nbw growing up around him-an ampio provl siott,for.wlium it .seemed, flo unreasonable* to.rejert,...'That, we might bring oar -united .influences to bear upon him tc ,prevent this, Dr, Guthrie Biiggested' that the/three", of n< should: breakfast together In my house tb,talk' tho' mattel over, and should gb afterwards to the'àgent of tho" Mara ula ol jBreadalhane (by whom-the 'ofler-'had lieeiY.made), who was 'fully, .-informed as to tho nature of-the duties which occu- pancy of the ófllce imposed. At .the breakfast tuido Uuch Miller could not be got to speak much about the matter. We '-proceeded to the agent's ófllce."His.explanation was cleat and tull, and, aa lt seemed to ns/perfectly satisfactory. :No other responsibility waa'to bo incurred than what ls laid upon all/public functionaries.'-1 While we, by cur question», were bringing out this explanation. Miller sat silent with head .Inclined and downcast look, os usual. He asked butthoslngle question-" Would I be responsible for all the public moneys that'passbd In the conreo bf the year through tho ófllce?" Oí 'coursed" was the reply. He raid nothing inore; and we fondly hoped lie"trould accept/ The' interview- over,' we passed out of tbe hall door, and stood together upon the pavement of Fettes .Bow.:" Well,"saldDr. Guthrie,"' you nra going to takele." Miller gathered himself up. and stood, erect. "I find," ho said, "that lately my memory, has been falling., I cannot tni't 11 as once loould, and no power on earth will everiartuca uieto'takeon me a responsibility'which I am doubtful of my capacity to discharge." : We poured all kinda of arguments and remonstrances in upon him.' lié stood as the rook among ¡the billows, utterly unmoved; Aa tho two'men, lie and Dr. -.Guthrie, Brood, fronting ono another upon that pavement, whloh waa most to be admired, tho overflowings nf brotherly kindness in the one, the aträdtnesn, nay. .sternness, of prln clpleln the other ? - Mllleiywe may bb alli|ulck to say, was wrong,'bnt was there another man In Scotland wh",under euell eiroumstances, would: havo rejected Buchan offer upon snob.a ground?". ,?!..:.. , i,¡ . .- ; . '<:,Gbop Woiios- -maintains- ; its' reputation for"containing interesting articles: The follow- ing extracts are all that , we .'can find room for; The firatis a little song entitled "Waiting," and the-second a sketch of a journey from Florence' to Home. .'* .'"',. '" ""; "'J "'..'li .-.-.->- A young fair girl among her flower»,.; : .'. .- .;. , j And, as to'bloaioma borii in Slay, Her morrows still brought sunnier haul's /' Than made up sunny yë'terdoy. ' / She did but walt : *' Hops is BO sweet': . '.' "-?! We love so well.'my.Iove and I": < /A ? " ?i Tho hours that come, the hours that fleet; ' . » } . End all in one glad by-and-by." r. ..t .,, r . A pale worn woman, scarcelysad, ".' # »t '-Bnt tiled like those who, too Jong pent, ' . ! . i ' Forget the joy they have not bod ,.;! > ' ,.7;: '. -, Of the free winds, aud droop content. > , Sho dld but.walt,.'^ Ah no, to mo , . . The silent hope la'nevor dead ¡ . .,' V.-' ' .'. ' Whatare the days thatareto be, 'I But part of the de'ardáys long fled ?"-' : ' Ho came : " The wealth wo need is mino i , And now " Alas I" she said, *. lu vain,' ' 1 Tho lore I love ia noway thine, \- I walt who hevercómea agâliiL' -1 " ? / : Oh for my lover of old day«, ', - We two from all the world apart.?. ; . , X must go loneon earth's bleak-ways, . < , >; He ls not not now save In my heart."'.., ..'.'."'.; | -. He wed another. . Bhe, alon«, ' - - , i '-. .'-Patient and weary tolled for bread. ' ,-. ; j And bygonestlll was never,frone, :. V <,. M . ,"; » i.« y The silent hop» was never dead. ! She did but waitI liave tho past ; -?' ; - , ' The new days live the old days o'er, . . And there abides until the lost - ' The by-and-by teat waa before," I 