MY WIDOW. JONES advised me noti to miarry her -he said she was too young, and pretty: Farnurn advised me to be an old bachelor-told me a man past forty simiply made a fool of himself by matrimony. . Tewksbury = a man who is notorious for never mind ing his own Stusiness-4t6id i&e; she had a love affair, with Harry Bir mingham. Allen shook his head, and said Clara Myers might be very pretty, but he liked somebody more mature and settled. (N. B. He married his houisekeeper next week, and she is mature enough for Methuselah himself.)' Everybody thought I was trying a dangerous experiment: buti didn't pretend to suit everybody, so I sim ply suited myself. I simply suited myself. I went quietly to church with Clara Myers, and married her one glorious January morning, when the old St. Paul's was fringed with glittering icicles, and the brisk wind was freighted with the particles of flyingsenow, like.a battalion of dia monds ori a double quick. She was nineteen and labout nine and thirty. She was as be'autiful as arose bud, with a shy, pretty way, like a timid 'child, and I-am a rough old codger; sound enough at heari, but like a winter aipple, -unpromis ing on the exterior.; in short, we nre as unlike as May and November, and the good na tured world shook, its head, and said: " No good could come of such an unequal match." But she said she loved me, and I believed her. Nobody could look into Clara's blue eyes and not believe her, you see. And the next day I made a will and bequeathed all my property, un conditionally to my wife. "Aie you sure you are doing a 'wise thing, Folliott ?" said Mardyn, the lawyer, pushing his blue spect acles upon his forehead, until he looked like a bald old gnome, with a double pair of eyes. "You see she is very much younger than your self,.and-" " Please to be so kind as to minid your -own business" said I, brusque ly." " Don't be offended, 'Mardyn, but really people seem to suppose _I am not able to attend to my own own affairs." " Justas you please," saidMardyn, in a rage. - " I am a mere tool in your.hands." " That'suit exactly." So I signed the will and went home to Clara. " Oh, Paul,- you must not die 1" said Clara, with a sacred look, when I told her what I had done. "No body ever loved me as truly and generously as you have done. and I don't know what I should do if you were taken away." " Thereiwas young, Birmingham, if all reports were true-" I mis chievously began, but the curl on Clara's lip stopped me:. "A mere butterfly,"-; she said haughtily " without brains or, prin ciple. Paul, Paul, I have' found a shelter in your true, loving heart, and I mean' to nestle there always!" And then she cried-this foolish, soft-hearted little wife of.mine. Jones anid' Tewksberry might have called this policy. Farnum would have said it was acting. But it was very pleasant, and I felt more than ever like a man who' has found some precious jewel, and wears it, like an amulet on' his breast. So thingswent on initil the firm of which I was managing partner, needed to send some one to Calcutta to see after a turbaned 'sco'undrel of an agent, who had absconded. with more money than we could well af ford to lose. Morrison was old and feeble, Hewitt's wife lay very ill, so I was the'one to go:'' I kissed Clara good-Lye itscheerfully as I could, fully expecting to be back in three months or so. I had to follow the agent upinto the mountains.of India, I fell rill of one of those burning climate fevers in the ' bungalow of an" old native priest, and the months flew by un til it was more than a year before I found. myself on the deck of the `"°Blue-eyed Mary," steaming into harbour. And all this time Clara had never heard a word from me. I had written to her to prepare herself for what seemed almost like my rising from the dead, but I had afterwards found my letters in the .pocketof the neglectful native ser 'vant:who had'undertakenifo deliver the'tiiails to the Calcutta office. "But it don't matter so much now," I thought, " she'will be the more delighted, poor little girl I" .,And then a cold chill seemed ,to creep though my veins, like Novem ber's wvind suddenly beating across a bed of flowers. Clara had heard nothing of me for nearly fifteen months. What might not have happened in that tine ? What Tewksbury, and Jones, and Allen, and all the other: propheticravens of my acquaintance had said, recurred to my mind like *the burden of an uneasy dream. I had been counting the days, the very minutes, until we should touch a porti; but now that my feet rang once more upon the. pavements; of of my native city, I actually dared not go home. I turned into a restaurant, where I had been wont to go in the days of my bachelorhood, and slunk in the dark corner-the twilight was just, falling and I was sheltered by the partition. Hush !" That was' Tewksbury's voice, harsh and jarring, as of old. J Just what might have been ex-' pected, said Tewksbury. " Pretty and young widows don't go begging in this market." "Folliott might have snown it,"' growled old Farnum. " Poor Fol-~ liott I There were some goid' points about him, 'too. Sad thing that-very sad thing!" ¶' We must all die," satid ;Tevk@ bury, gravely.' "Yes, but a fellow would natu rally prefer dyinig in, his bed to being carried off' by an East Indian fever and buried in the jungles,' I shuddered. Had ~1 then come home to my own funeral, as it were I " And she's going to marry, young Birininghami after all," added Far numurn. The paper dr~opped :frorn niy hand. " I could have: told Folliott6 so when I found out what' a> com? founded idiotic will he' malde," sxaid TIewksbury. " So gold has fallen again;'just my luck;. I scild'o'ut to night." I stayed to hear: no more, but staggered out in the darkness, wvith the idea whirling thr~ough my dizzy brain that my Clara was mine "no It w.,seruIvas estioriixlobl, whait Tewksbury had said.; I miaht have anticipated some~ such e? "She wvas too young, too lovely: for such a iough old fellow as I was. My widow-what a curious sensation the words gave2 mie as I mentally pronounced them. Uadeir my own windows, with the ruby-rod light shining through wine-coloured damask curtains, I stood, feeling as Rip Van Winkle must have felt in the play-like a dead. man walking on the' earth once more. Voices and lights 'were within. I: opened the door softly and crept into thi hall. The drawing-room door was ajar.; Clara~herself stood before the-fire. in deep black robes, with a frill of black crape on her auburn gold tresses--the awful signi and symbol of her widowhootd `Directly oppo site stood:fHarry'Birminggham,look.. ing diabolically young and hand some in the soft light;. "Clara, Clara'l" he cried, ",you surely, are not inr earnest. You will reconsider ? " " My answer is final," she res ponded. "The time might once have been whenT'. fancied I had a childish liking for you, Harry Bir mingham, but that time has' long since passed away. I gave my heart to the noblest man that ever breathed-Paul Folliott-and in his grave it is for ever buried. , I loved him once ; I shall love him on into eternity. I never was half worthy of him, but-" And: Clara's voile was choked with sobs. " My love, my darling-my own precious wife I" How I ever got into the room how I managed to make Clara com prehend that I was my own living self, and not a ghost ths't had arisen rom the shadow of the sepulchre, I cannot tell to this day-neither can she-but I know that young Birmingham somehow disappeared, and I was standing with Clara clasped to my breast, the happiest man that ever breathed God's blessed air. For Jones, :Tewksbury, Farn um and Co:, were all wrong, and to use the words. of the orthodox fairy stories, slightly paraphrased, I anid my widow '"lived happy ever after wards." MODERN POETRY,-The Ameri-' canis 'are far in advance of us in poetic advertisements, and, some extimples givenby Harper's Magazine show that their genius in this line leaves little to be desired. What, for instance, can be more, striking than, the following blast of a trumpet blown by atailor in his own honour ? "Ob:'come into the garden, Maud, And sit beneath the rose, And see me prance around the beds, Dressed in my Sunday clothes. Oh,come and bring-your uncles, Maud, Your sisters and your aunts., And tell them Johnson made my coat, My waistcoat, anIl my pants." Again, a tobacconist, thus advertises his establishment in the following beautiful stanza :--- Gaily young Ferguson bought his cigar, Bought it at Mulligan's~where the best are, When he~wantet 6L uudf.for his nose. Gaily young Ferguson rouses those " Perhaps, however,- f r exciting tender emotions, and exaltieg the soul above the earth, nothing, in modern poetry can be found equal to an andvhrtise went of a proyision shop, which runs as follo ve : " Oh, say. not I lovesyou because the molasses You purchased at Simpson's wras golden and clear.;o The syrup, the sugar, the jelly in glasses, The crackers, the mack'rel I know were not dear. But when you came to mu with Simpson's smoked salmono And showed me his samples of Limburger cheese, I felt' that his claim to be cheap was not gammon; I loved you, andsald so, dear Jane, ob my knees." This mingling of poetry and p ovi sions supplies "a great want, ft'', as has been truly said by Fuller, "Poetry is musie in words, and music is poetry in sound ; both excellent sauce ; but they 'have lived and died poor that madc'themn theii' meat." . Poets. now adays no longer happily depend, lik Chatterton, on the smiles of the grea but with grocers for their patrons ani grow fat upon snug. THE DIPTHERIA ; Cuas. One of the first things tlat=struck "people oin reading Mr Greatheod's cure for dip thenia-" four diops of suilphuric~acid in a glass of water "--was whether the acid in its full sitrength is to be used, or whether the 1oidsnary dilotion is sufficient!. The question being all important, we despatched a; reportvr to interview"Mr Greathead, anl .thei following is zthe stafineent made by him :---" The aci is to be used in its .full strength, not diluted. I amn sure that thse'stopp e in the throat "which constitutes 'dipthlria: is not a fuingus; but a mass of hisects. These inisects emit a muetter w~ilibh creates ai kind of film, and as they grow the film 'is swelldd ou1t unitil there is no breathing room in' the thruet.' If it were a ftingus the acid would' not. remsovei it. I, in the case of one patient, obtained a por tion of. the' matter dut of the throat, end putting it uander a powerful glass, I 'dissdvered it to be a moving niass. I dropped annme micid upon it, and im mediately 'it changed' colitir, end pre sented altogether a different aspect.' I comomenced roy 'xexi'intents about eighteen months ago, if experiments they nmay be termed,' for my discovery was purely eccidental. I discovered the cureath'ns :---Iwes:iving at Sey mour, or rather ai few miles from Sey monur, avid one of 'my sans 'was takeni bad ' with diptlierie. There, was no doctor at lieind. .I. was at the "timne taking sulphuric acid as a medicine for puirifying' the blood. I bad found the acid efficacious in" clearing' the phlegm froni ony throat, and when msy child wvis choking front dipthteria I used it as a halinee resnurce. I only gave hiot one .dose, and 'in a- few seconds he said-" Mn,.I can breathe as well as ever I did I' 'Several child ran have since beens cured with ono' drink. Two of my boys wvero very bad, wearu in a state of strangulation, were nearly dying in fact, and one dose as I, have mentioned, cured them. I never had to give more than one drink. I have'cured about a dozen cases that were really bad, and am so sure of my core that I would risk my life on it. Whatever the doctors may' say, I am convinced that diptheria is an accumu `lation of insects, and not a_ vegetable growth, and I stake my life upon it that- four drops of the strongest saul phuric acid in a glass of water' is a sure cure."-Daily Telegraph.. How 'TO MAKE BUTTER:-Very good butter, it is stated, is prepared now by a butter manufactory at New York, according to the following pro cess :-Agents are employed to. visit slaughter-bouses,.arid buy up all the beef suet. This is carted to the fac tory and cleansed. Then it is put into meat choppers and minced fine. It is afterwards placed in a boiler with as much water in bulk as itself. A steampipe is introduced among the particles of suet, and they are melted. The refuse of the membrane goes to the botto'm of the water, the oily sub ,stince floats, and is removed. aThie consists of butter matter andastearine. A temperature df :eighty degrees melts the former, and leaves the stearine at the bottom. The butter matter, or cream, is drawn off; about 13 per cent. of fresh milk is added and the necessary salt, and the .. whole is churned for ten or fifteen minutes. The result is Orange country' butter at about one-half the usual cost. The stearine is sold at 12 cents a pound to the candlemaker,.and the refuse at 7 cents a pounidtu'the mauufecturer of food for cattle. A company with a capital of 500,000 dollars has been oagan'iised for the manufacture of butter by this method, and it is ex pected that the dividends will amount to 100 per cent. In the meantime a chemist in France is reported to have made milk from grass, but as the milk thus made is much moreticostly than old-fashioned'milk, his discovery is not likely to be so profitable as that of the butter manufacturers. " STARTLING NEws."--The Pall Mall Gazette of July 25 reports the following case : - A young man, named George Watson, was brought before Mr. Vaughan at Bow-street to day, charged with obtaining 3d. frbrio Mr. Hawkins, of 0, Bedford .street, Bedford-square, by false pretences. The' prosecutor said thiat last night, about ten o'clock, he heard, a great shouting'and apparent excitemuent in Bedford-square. 1He was very deaf, but he could still hear distinctly the words, " Death of Mr. Gladstone." I rushed down (the witness said) al though partly undressed, and found a large crowd assembled in the street, where the prisoner, was still. shouting out the same` news. I went up to him and said, "Is it' true ?' Do you really mean - to say that Mr._ Gld stone, the prime minister, is dead 1 He replied, " Yes, it is true. He dropped down dead this evening in the House of Commons." 1 then gave himia penny, for the paper, the Globe, but he said, " The price is 3d., owing to the extra demand." I de. sired my son to pay the extra' 2d., and he did so. the witness went on to say that on looking through the paper be found that it did not contain a line upon,. the subjwct, and he re turned to the square, where the' priso ner was still riauking the hunme: an nouncement and selling his 'j(pers. I'he 'crowd $ad greatly increased ;the doors and windows in the square .were 'ojen in all directions, and there was great excitement. The, prosecutor then gave prisoner into custody. Mr. Vaughan : Did you purchase the paper solely in the belief ' that the risoner's statemneni about Mr. :Glad one was true ? ' Tle witness : Ceri ainly I did. Thjm was my sole' imo= tive' for buying; the paper. `1l. Vaughan : And that was your motive for paying the extra 2d. demandedI for the copy ? Witness: Exactly. so. QOn expects to piiy a trifle extra for startling. ouws of that description. Mr. .Hawkins, Jan., .confirmed;.the evidence' given by his. father..: He, heard the' prisoner exclaiming, " Sod. den death of Mi. Cladstone I' TIhe .last'dying woids of Mr. Gladstone'." A's policemrian confirmed the 'proseco tor's st*tement ats to the "excitemient in the square. The prisoner.: How could 'the ~gent' tell what Ia sas as 'eryin' of, wvhen lhe admits that he a as dquf as a poist ?i Besides, there wase other nbays a-cryin' the 'same thing. MP. Vaughan : Is that.,true ? Mr. Hawkins said he did not see or bear any. other newsboys doing it. Mr: V'aughian'said'it'was' quite time that thil. abominable 'praictice, of sellin~g papers by- frauduilent and' sensationail annooncenients of. this kind in the open 'istrreta was 'put 'an end to, and lie comniitted' the prisoner for t'rial biy Iway' of' lublic cxamkple'' The defe*n Idaant was tried at 'the Middlesex sea sions, and .being convricted, was sen. tenced'.to one. month's imprisonment.' 