GENERAL NEWS. At the Victoria Hotel, Hindley-street, may be seen some splendid blocks of rich copper ore from the Cobar Mine, on the Darling. The stuff is very heavy, and when scraped or cut with a knife looks more like regulus than ore. We have received the September num- ber of the Australian Christian Pioneer. It contains much matter highly interesting to members of the Church of which the maeazine is the organ. We notice that the Rev.. H. P. Earl, M.A., is about to leave Melbourne and return to America. On Monday evening, September 1, at the Congregational Church, Port Adelaide, the service of song was repeated at the request of friends. There was a very large gathering, and the service, as far as the children were con- cerned, showed a marked improvement, and everybody appeared pleased. The celebration of the ninth anniver sary of the Prospect Wesley an Sunday- school was begun on Sunday, August 31, when the Bov. W. It. Binks gave an interesting address in the afternoon to the children; and in the evening the Bev. John -MoEwin delivered a thoughtful discourse. On Monday the usual tea and public meetidgs were held, and iargely attended, Mr. P. LeOornu, the Superintendent, presiding at the latter, when Messrs. J. Picker ing! M.P., Pratt, Basey. and the Bev. A. Bigg delivered addresses,, interspersed with singiny by the scholars. The; financial results ; were slightly in advance of last year, On.Monday, September.1,.the mem bers .of the Underdale Cricket. Club met for practice. At a meeting held afterwards at Mr. Hardy's the following officers were elected for the season:—President, Mr. T. Hardy ; Vice President, Mr. J. D. Holbrook; Captain, Mr. Wm. Norman; Treasurer, Mr. W. Halse; Secre tary, Mr. 0. E. Morris. • The following is Tuesday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and-Port Dar win! telegraph lineBeltana, N.N.E., light, overcast, threatening; Strangways Springs, N.E., fresh, overcast; Peake, N.E., moderate, cloudy, rain 0 010; Charlotte Waters, N., fresh, overcast, cold; Alice Springs, N.F., fresh, fine, warm; Barrow Creek, S.E., strong, fine, clear; Tennant Creek, N.E., fresh, fine, clear; Powell Creek, E.N.E., fresh,' fine, clear, cool; Daly Waters, calm,, clear, fine, warm; Katherine, calm, olear, very fine, pleasant; [Yam Creek, N.W., fine, clear, warm; Port Darwin, S.E., fine, clear, warm ;[Southport, S.E.," very light, fine,clear. ' ' - On.. Monday evening the members of the Adelaide Boot Factory Literary and Musical Association gave im excellent enter tainment to the inmates of the Adelaide Asylum for the insane. The large hall was completely crowded, and Mr. S. McGregor pre- j sided. The programme, consisting of duets, songs, recitations,- and the operatic .burlesque of " Bomhastes Furioso," was- carried out with unflagging spirit, and gave considerable enjoy ment to the inmates. During the evening Mesdames Richardson and Bonnet received an encore for singing.,,Blookley's fine duet of "-Hearts and Homes." The same compliment was paid to Mr. Hawker, for his rendering of a comic song, and to Mr. Plummer, who gave the national song " The Watch on;the Rhine" with considerable dramatic energy. ■ Mr. "W. Pybus accompanied all the vocalists, and played " Home, Sweet.Home,", with "variations, - in a splendid manner, which was highly applauded. Thanks to the performers dosed the pro ceedings. A meeting,; convened by the Mayor of 1 Kensington and Norwood, will be held in the ] Town Hall this evening to consider the con duct of the Government in resuming free immi-1 gration. The Service of Song, referred to in a paragraph yesterday, will take place this even ing .in the Town Hall. .We have [no doubt there will' be a large attendance, and that the service will be a success. At a meeting of the Adelaide Amateur Athletic Club". Messrs. T. B. Gall, J. Gall, and j Chas. Fesenineyer were elected members, and it was determined to add another event to the | programme," -viz., the running high jump, making 11 events in all. We understand" that it is proposed to hold, an exhibition of arts, natural history curiosities, &c.;, at an early date, in aid of the Mount Gambier Institute. An advertisement in our business columns informs the public that Mr. John Ingleby, who is now in Adelaide, will take charge of any goods entrusted to his pare. An unusual , instance of attachment to home exhibited bya collie dog ia recorded by ! the Ararat Advertiser :—" ' Rover,'as the dog is called, was sold to Mr. Brown, who left this placp to settle in Riverina, and after travelling up there, a distance of over 200. .miles,""; he was found to bo missing on the morning of the 29th July. The dog reached his home at Cathcart on the 1st of August, making .the journey hack | in three days[ After arrival at Deniliquiri. ' Rover' was chained up for a fortnight, and en I the first day of his release started on the return trip." j.; " ' On • the old'Echunga, Diggings a small I private Company recently took: up. some long | abandoned claims,; and commenced working. They found a"shaft sunk to a depth;of 100 feet, and made a drive from it. On Monday Mr. Hough brought down some specimens of quartz showing gold; which were obtained. from these J claims. This district is attracting a good, deal of attention, and appears likely to prove valuable field for enterprise in the matter of ] auriferous quartz reefing. c . . Tasmania has a curiosity. not often I seen, in the shape of a white ^kangaroo. The | Launceston Examiner remarks:—"She is very. pretty creature, " perfectly white, with pink eyes, and Beems .to..be very quiet. She j had been seeu several.times in the bush about 14 j miles down the East Tamar, where, after re peated-efforts, a-shepherd'succeeded in snaring | her about a,fortnight ago. Her present owner, Mr. Batton, Informs us that she has a young I Joey in her pouch; but as Ihe little marsupial | has not yet got his hair, it is impossible to say what; color it will be. It is said that a yellow | kangaroo.has been seen in the same locality." A fatal accident occurred on board the I Albury on her late passage up the Murray, to ' a little girl named Fanny. Johnston, aged 10 years, who was oil her way "under the care of the steward, to her parents,. who live in the Darling District. The steamer stopped to take in wood a short distance this side of Went worth, when the little girl, in crossing a plank from; the steamer to- the barge, carelessly jumped upon it to make it spring, and slipping fell into the water. A life buoy was thrown overboard, but" nothing was seen of the unfor tunate child; The river Was dragged, but the body.was not.found. _ The .current at that part ofthe stream is very powerful, or doubtless diving would; have been resorted to. After waiting some time, and hearing no intelligence of the child's fate, the steamer .proceeded on its course, the passengers, however, being natu rally'much saddened by the melancholy occur rence. . The annua! sermon in aid of the trust fund of the Goodwood-road Wesleyan Church was preached by the Rev. James Bickford, on the 31st ult.,- to a large congregation. EaBt evening the tea and public meeting was held, Mr. G. "W; Cotton in the chair. , After the j tea, which was' well attended,, the Chairman read the financial account, showing a balance | deficiency of over £35; the cumulation of several years of payments for interest and other small I expenses/ Instead ofthe usual addresses, the Rev. J. Bickford gave an account of his West | India experiences from the year 1838 to 1853, which was listened to. with much interest and attention. The thanks of the meeting were given, on the motion of Mr. Turner, of Edwards town, to the ladies; and the reverend lecturer. Thanks were, also voted to Mr. Webb, of Mitcham, for conducting the singing on the Sabbath and at the meeting. Mr. Bickford moved the cordial thanks of the meeting to Mr. Cotton for the services he had rendered to the trust for many years, and for his services as Chairman on the present occasion, which was carried-with acclamation. The financial result was nearly £10. ; Men of Letters—Postmen and printers. Turf Affectation—'Ossification of the heart. A Clean Sweep—A well-washed'one. Tailor's Revenge—Giving a customer fits. May. a turkey be said to be a ghost when it's a-goblin'?:. . The Most Modest Thing in Creation—The re tiring tide. Items of Interest—Announcement of divi dends. ' ■ • ■ • What no Dairyman can Adulterate—The milk of human kindness. To Dentist?.—If a Bedouin should lose Lis teeth, would he talk gum Arabic ? Can a .sou he Baid to take after his father when the father leaves nothing to take ? There are two eventful periods in the life of a woman—one when she wonders whom she will marry; the other, jwhen she wonders who will marry her. , . . . The Queen's Bench may be defined as the place where a farthing's worth of justice is pur-, chased with a'guinea's worth of law. There is only one thing less profitable than suing people, and that is going their security. "No, Katherine," said.Patrick to his wife, "you never eatoha falsehood coming out of my mouth," . "You may well say that,"replied Kate, "they fly out so' fast that nobody can catch'em " A Danbury youth, who could not sing or play, wanting to serenade his lady- love, whistled for half an hour under her window the other evening, and when he got over the fence he found about seventy-five dogs waiting to see what he wanted. 