LENT AND ITS MEATS. The Apostle. Paul, in bis letter to the ancient Romans, and to . the original clmrcb at Rome, said, "The kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteous- ness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost." In his letter to the Corinthians he said in very striking language, " Meat com- mendeth us not to God, for neither, if we eat, are we the better ; neither if we eat not, are we. the worse." .From these two passages only one thing can be inferred — viz., that religion does not consist in dis tinctions of meats- and fastings ; and that there cannot be sin in disregarding such distinctions, nor can the observance of them commend us to God. Such is the doctrine of the Apostle Paul. The kingdom of God, " religion," is not meat and drink, but righteousness, peace, and joy in the- Holy Ghost ;" — that is, "there isno virtue, 1I0 religion, in feastingor fasting, but in goodness, moral and spiri tual excellency and activity; Ave are not bettered by observing distinctions in food ; Aye are not defiled by Avhat goes in at the mouth ; Ave do not commend ourselves to God by our eating ; we are none the Avorse if Ave cat not." But the new Church of Rome has a different doctrine-, the neAV apostles of the Pope instruct their" people differently ; their epistles bear very differ ent language; at the season of Lent, if any priest, Vicar-General, or Archbishop Avere to use those terms of the Apostle in a "lenten pastoral," the cry worrld be raised that he had fallen into heresy, and the issue Avould be that he Avould be ex communicated from the church. Hence, the " Lenten " instructions of our Father Sheehy stand in total contrast Avith the "Pauline instructions." For example, Paul says, " The kingdom of Gocis not meat and drink ;" but Father Sheehy, in instructions which he lias just published for the faithful, through " Lent," says that " the kingdom ofGod" is so much meat and drink that if the faithful Avill not comply with his rules for .drinking milk and eating eggs, they shall be guilty of mortal or damning sin ! Again the Apostle says that ''meat commendeth us not to God ;" but Father Sheehy, Arch bishop Polding's Vicai'-General, says that this is not true ; for that meat so much commends lis to God that God gives special faArour to those who eat and drink according as the Church has been pleased to command ! Again, Paul says that religion is " righteousness and peace' and joy in the Holy Ghost ;" but "Father Sheehy says that our religion is nothing unless we abstain from eating flesh meat 011 certain, days, and eat only cold colla tions 011 other days, while there is freedom to eat anything on ordinary Sundays! And yet again, the Apostle says that eat ing or abstaining makes us neither " better nor Averse ;" but Father Sheehy lifts up liis hand in holy, horror at such awful doctrine,, and affirms AA'itli the infallible authority of the Pope that if we bat not flesh or bacon 011 certain days, and confine our food to the cheese, milk and eggs Avhich he has prescribed, Ave shall be almost saints ; Avhile if we eat Avhat he has forbidden. Ave shall be such unworthy siimers that Ave shall deserve 'to perish for. ever ! This contrast between the intentions given to the original church at Rome and the instructions given to .the modern church of Rome, is surely striking enough ; and the conclusion to which it leads is clearly this— that the church and religion of the Apostle Paul were totally different from the church and religion of Sheehy and Polding. If our Roman Catholics will read the paltry, peddling, and kitchen cookery epistle of Father Sheehy, as published last week, prescribing flesh, milk, eggs and cheese on certain days, and forbidding them on other days ; referring the faithful to the priest in difficult cases ; holding out dispensations to those who like their plate better than release from purgatory ; and , then leaving others, who are out of the -way of a priest, to their own consciences ; if, we say, our Roman Catholic friends will read this greasy, milking, chcesey epistle, with the wise and rational state ments of the Apostle Paul to the original Christians at Rome, they will not fail to -see that their religion is an imposition, and that the " commandments of the church" make "void," as all traditions do " the commandments of Cod." Does it not stand to reason, and is it not clearly the teaching of Christ, that the soul is not -defiled by what enters into the mouth ? Yet Father Sheehy has the impiety to say that Christ is wrong ; for if a piece of steakes were to enter the mouth of one of the faithful on a Friday, .-the result would be such defilement of soul; that,: without some penance, and probably heavy compensation, the soul would perish! Think of a man commending himself to Cod by eating cheese instead of steakes, and eating eggs rather than soup ! and this in. spite of the fact that an Apostle has said that meat will not com mend us to God ! Think of a man being doomed to destruction, as guilty of mortal sin, for takmg gravy to his potatoes in stead of milk ! aricl this in spite of the fact that an Apostle has; said that we are neither the better nor the worse for what we eat ! Thatwearenot overstating the matter we mention these two things— afirst, tliatFather Sheehy, under the direction of the Arch bishop, has just published directions about cheese, eggs and milks, and the virtue of not eating flesh, and of eating cold colla tions instead of hot gravy ; and all this proceeds upon the ground that it is mortal sin to break the commandments of the church; and next, that Bishop Hay, whose views Father Sheehy thoroughly endorses, affirms the following — " that fasting" obtains forgiveness of sins ;" that " it causes prayers to be heard ;" " that it obtains great strength against the tempta tions of the devil ;" and " also that it obtains many temporary blessings." Of course, if this be true, what tlie Apostles said is glaringly false ; but, on the other hand, if what the Apostle has said be undoubtedly true, all this is not only dis tinctly false, but its falsehood has a measure of gross impiety which under colours of superior religion, makes the religion of Christ of none effect ! The fable of the fox and the grapes got a new illustration last Saturday in the columns of Freeman. Mr. Butler, not satisfied with his opportunity to reply to Mr. Forster in the House, on the ques tion of the amalgamation of the Romish and Protestant Orphan Schools, availed himself of the columns of Freeman to abuse' Mr. Forster, and. to ridicule his effort to remove a very serious and ex- pensive abuse in our social system. After pouring out his venom against the lion, gentleman as a " bigot," and as fast going into " political nonentity," the same Mr. Butler actually added that Mr. Forster was doing the " Catholics " a good turn, as they have no great love , for "Sta;tc institutions;" as they are very anxious to have orphanages of their own, private property, and under their own apostolic control! The Attorney-General fought like a tiger against - the motion of Mr. Forster; lie evidently gofcMr. Parlces to light with him, and to make himself. as in consistent as. possible in defence of the present state of things ; the two fought as if a great principle were at stake, and. as if the poor " orphans " were their special wards ; but when the Attorney- General found that the vote went against linn, and that now the House has doomed the amalgamation of the Orphanages, im mediately the gallant gentleman writes in the Freeman that the vote was a blessing in disguise, that it was the very' thing which the ." Catholics " desire, for they are not houncl to "State Institutions !"- The fox lias seen that the grapes are already beyond him, and therefore they are sour. " Catholics are not bound to State institu tions ;" no; not they ! .' They |eel it a great-hardship to accept money from the State ! They are thankful to the Forsters and the Buchanans, when these gentlemen carry motions to take State money from them. When a Romish Attorney- General . argues in the House that State! money should be given to " Catholics," he is only , feigning ; for the church is groaning to be freed from State trammels, and to have, orphanages aiid hospitals and schools paid for and managed by the "Catholics" themselves ! Those who believe this are : about as credulous as the poor people who supply the cash for the grandeur of the church, and they are about as blind as the priests would like the public to be. If it be true we hope Mr. Butler will cease slandering Mr. Forster as a bigot and an enemy ; the gracious Archbishop should send him a letter of special thanks ! A small subscription book, nicely cased, and fitted with blot-slieet, bearing on its front the " Holy Catholic Guild " of St. Mary and St. Joseph," " St. Benedict's District," was picked up in the street and brought to us host week for remark. We saw that it was a member's subscription card, with an advice about not allowing arrears to exceed 14 weeks on pain of fines and loss- of advantages ; a charge to be strict iii: the performance of religious duties, and a/statement of the communions, six annually, at which' every member is compelled to be - present on pain of a penalty in case of absence of two shillings and sixpence. Wo thus see the working of the Holy, Guild. The brethren are . made useful for many 1 purposes. They have , a good deal to do with chapel regula tion, midnight watching! at " the altar " (!) political arrangement of; their districts, canvassing for votes under the direction of the priest,. &c.;, &c.; ; but in addition to all this, they have " religious duties," as well as " all other duties required by tlie rules of the Holy Guild," to the strict per formance of which they are urged by the whip of a half-crown fine ! The " religious duties " seem to be special attendance at mass, Avhich " pious practice " the brethren must observe " at least every two months." They get sick and medical benefits by their membersliip by the payment of so much per week, and beyond this they get purga torial advantages in. the case of death. The masses Avhich are held and paid for by the Guild secure that any brother who has died should get through purgatory as fast as possible. This is a great induce ment to brethren. " If they attend the sacraments, and if they have masses said by the brethren after tliey are dead, they get full money's worth, while their family get a small sum sufficient to bury with and get mourning ! The device is clever. The members get benefits indeed, us in other benefit societies ; but the church gets far more. The Guild is a brotherhood which designs new fetters for the people. The members in their meetings are always overseen and regulated by tbe priest : they all march off at certain periods to St. Mary's ; they attend in a body at other periods their district chapels ; they must confess (a thing which very few mm do, unless when compelled as by this Guild scheme) ; they must go to mass six times a year ; and so if the priest does not know their capacity, and does .not make , full rise of them for his own purposes, it is his own fault. Surely he has a fine chance. Behold these Guild men on their knees before the Holy Father, telling him everything, and prompted to tell things about their neighbours.; Behold them then receiving from the Holy Father the wafer-god,, and joining in prayer for the dead that tliey may get through purgatory with us few torments as possible. Such a scheme is admirably fitted. to breed moral and intellectual slaves— menials fi t for any thing which the church may require- — too degraded to ; think for themselves— and carefully kept from all opportunity to read or think, lest light should get. in upon them. The Holy Guild is a holy scheme for- tying the poor members neck and heel to the church, and the object succeeds so well that the Guild is a sworn band of slaves to uphold the church , politically, pecuniarily, and physically at all- hazards. The discussion which took place in the House on. the question of amalgamating the Orphan Schools at Parramatta was important, as discovering on what flimsy grounds the Ministry will ; act in direct opposition to the sentiments of most of the individual members, when it suits them to throw a sop to the Church. It did not surprise us that Mr. Parkes should set up the paltry and temporizing argu ment that the motion of Mr. Forster . should not be carried because a Royal Commission had been appointed to " enquire into the working and manage ment of our! charitable institutions."- We fancy Avitli what a storm of indignation lie would have scorned this argument had it been advanced by some hapless Romanist four years ago. He would have been more energetic in his denunciations than the Hon. John Robertson, when he ex claimed— " The Royal Humbug." He would have become exceedingly grandilo quent arid convincing on the "constitu- ;tiorial freedom of the people," and the in-; . defeasible right of Parliament to enquire into anything, and to pass what resolu tions it thought best for the government of the people ! But " circumstances alter cases." As the motion of Mi'. Forster was designed to destroy the power of the church in the management of the orphans, it was necessary that Mr. Parkes should help his Attorney- General, and tbe clients of that gentleman. Accordingly, forgetting the constitutional freedom of the repre sentatives oi the people, and the independ ence and integrity of Parliament, Mr. Parkes fell upon the paltry excuse that a Royal Commission liad been appointed to " enquire into .the working of charitable institutions," as a reason why the Parlia ment should hot affirm the principle that the "denominationalism of the two orphanages sli oulcl now cease." Mr. Parkes of course tried his hand at carping attiio wording of the resolution. The institutions could not be amalgamated, . because the buildings are " separate from each other ;" they could not be amalgamated because it "might be necessary to shut one of them up !" Such small: carping was worthy of the occasion ; and the whole opposition was a clear demonstration; of the truth of Mr. Stewart's remarks, that the " Colonial . Secretary was grossly inconsistent, and that lie dare not do what lie was bound to do, because of the political exigencies of his position with a Romish Attorney- General. This was obvious troni the tact that the whole Ministry voted for the pre vious question moved by Mr. Parkes. The question thus became a ministerial one; and its meaning was unmistakable, not only to defeat the tactics of the Opposition, but to support that denominationalism and sectarianism which are part of the bargain of Mr. Butler's support. We are glad that a majority decided that the Minis terial role should not be sustained. Free man may be spited because the majority was only of one ; but it was more than that. The majority of one was on the question that "the question be now put ;" and, as this was decided by a majority of one, the Ministerial band did not venture to go to the vote a second time ; and so the resolution of ' Mr. Forster was carried 'without a division. Be this a'S it may, the majority lias decided ; and by this decision one gross excresence lias been doomed to destruction, and one of the pickings of the church has been left without flesh. The church will not fatten on the dry bone. Ouit friendly contemporary, the Christian Advocate , has surely made a great mistake in his comments on the case of the Rev. Mr. Currey of Grafton. We refer to that case in another column, and think that tlie facts are, when fairly stated, wholly to the damage of the Bishop. But the point in the comments of the Christian Advocate to which we refer as a great mistake, is contained in the following senfence — " Whoever a man may be, a term of im prisonment must damage his reputation and affect his prospects for ever." Surely ! our friend cannot mean that ! "Opon/re- ilection lie must see that such ^generaliza tion has no truth in it ; for if it lias, our greatest men in an age which is past, must have a very damaged reputation, aiid their "for ever prospects" must be very poor; and if this sentence be true, all of us, "whoever" we be, must, as a first necessity,- take care of imprisonment, else, whatever be our alleged crime, arid how ever innocent we may be of moral defect, the mere fact of imprisoriment will damage our reputation and affect our prospects for ever. Ho, we say ; nothing of the sort. " Imprisonment " may be a crown to us as well as a shame; It depends upon' the cause of our imprisonment. Many! a man suffers unjustly, suffers cruelly ; but Is it true, when this is manifest, that hiss reputation is damaged ? Is it 'true that his prospects are affected for ever ? If men suffer for conscience sake ; if they, suffer ins defence of a principle, or a right ; when this is made plain1 there is enough honour in the world, and justice .. even among . worldly ! ni en, to . respect the man as a martyr, and hold him in higher 'esteem; than ever. We say all this on the generalization which we have quoted; the particular case to hand will, turn! out exactly as we say. Were Mr. Currey guilty of some moral offence, damagemay indeed follow to his reputation ; but as the offence is merely a technical one, and the conduct of the judge simply , brutal, while that of the Bishop is simply monstrous, Mr. Currey will-- come forth from liis im prisonment without the slightest stairi oh his reputation ; the whole district where, he ministered already regard him more kind- . ly than ever. Scarcely less objectionable and mistaken is this, other expression of our contemporary—" On reading the sentence of Mr. Currey, one scarcely! knows whether to sympathize with Mr. Currey, or with families who are injured; by acts such as that of which he is accused." Our friend cannot mean this. There appears a jumble -in his mind of Dr. Bailey and Mr. Currey ; but this jumble does Mr. Currey a great injustice. The case of Dr. Bailey and that of Mr. Currey areas unlike as darkness islike light. What families are injured by the acts of which Mr. Currey has been accused? What sympathy do those families require ? Ancl then the puzzle of being perplexed Avhether the sympathy is due . to the families or. to Mr. Currey! Altogether our friend . has made grievous mistakes about! this case ;: wlien he has reconsidered iifc he will feel doubtless that Mr. Currey lias good ground for .complaint that the Christian Advocate should have so mis apprehended the questions involved in his cruel persecution. Messrs. Oalces, SteAvart, Forster, Wearne, and. Robertson made! the chief point of their argument against the continuance of the two Orphan Schools , at Parramatta, that they maintained .denominationalism hi its worst form, in the,. teaching of the children, while the , House' had affirmed the principle of the .Public Schools' Act. Mr. Webb put this point very clearly before the House Avlien he stated that the object of himself ami the others, who were the maioritv on the occasion, Avas to " get rid of denommationalisni." He thought it.'veiy undesirable to! maintain the dis tinction of denominationalism when the House and country had so clearly affirmed a preference for something general aiid undenominational. Well, Ave quite agree Avith the argument. We think it perfectly sound and logically irresistible. But;, if this be correct, there is AvOrk before our friends Avhom Ave Inwe named, to which they should address themselves without delay.. The denominationalism of the Orphan Schools amounts to only a few thousands ; but Avliat is to be said of those monstrous excresences — the " Denomina tional Colleges " Avhich are an incubus and a fraud upon the public funds ? We have been astonished that: our clear-sighted legislators, who are consistently . and strongly opposed to denominationalism, should have pa ssed over Avif hout remark the charges of these colleges, which pre sent and maintain denominationalism in its most objectionable form. St. Paul's, Avhich lias cost the country £15,000, and £500 per annum for many years past, is a notorious failure, and a burden to the country, while it is of so little use to the Church of England, that neither the Bishop nor the clergy put any confidence iii it. . St. John's, the Romish college, which cost as much, and yearly draAvs its £500 for the Warden, is another job: — a total failure — a concern proAdding ; £500 per annum for the maintenance of a very genial jovial gentleman, and affording " lodgings "for his friends and companions when they happen to be in town! These , two denominational impositions have . cost the country for stone and lime upAvards of £30,000, and the Treasury pays annually to them £1000 per annum ; and while. their three or four students are keeping up the farce, denominationalism is being supported by the public funds, in the Avorst form possible. Another of these denominational impositions has been ."struggling; amid ludicrous blundering and incapacity, into being, ahvays on the point of coming into being, and never more than a miserable abortion ; and, Avhile this has been -the history of what has got the name of St.; AndfeAv's College,, our legislators Inrve been standing by, without .concern, while a claim lias been impending for £10,000 or £i5,000 more for stone and lime from the public funds, and £500 annually as the' salary of a Principal. If ever tlie public money . was shamefully Avasted iri the support of denominational ism! it is. in the case of these preposterous colleges. . Their, history is so bad that they : cannot bear investigation. ! They are total' failures Avhich the Government has hot the . virtue to look" in the face. The Legislature which seems to have , a horror of denominationalism, does not seem able to grasp the fearful abuse, and cast it out. ; But we appeal to those! 'friends avIio have just gained a victory, to make good use of it, to carry the - war further ; into the enemy's camp, and to give those colleges a speedy burial. If Mr. Forster, or Mr. Stewart: will, move . quickly, "vested Interests," Avhich are almost acknowledged, will be properly rejected, and the country Avill be saved the unwise expenditure of at least £10„ 000. . .. We are glad to find that our efforts to uphbld: the , interests of the Public School Teachers throughout tlie country are ap preciated by many of them. Sometimes it is difficult to convince men that you are on their side, and to remove their prejudices. Because Ave have had occasion to speak very freely about the Council of Education, and to expose some of its pro cedure as tyrannical and overbearing, we liave been thought to be opposed to the Public Schools, and to the interests of the Tcacliers. Because Ave have shown also that the Inspectors are influenced, or at least are liable to be influenced, in favour of the Council, in the cai'ryuig out of some of its arbitrary and unjust decisions, or in the getting up of some vexatious circular's, wehave been thought to design the destruc tion of the Public School system, for the purpose of advancing the denominational system. But all those prejudices .or mis takes Ave have lix'ed doAvn, and Ave think that by this time it is clear that Ave are wholly on the side of the Public School system, and that Ave Avish that the Public School Teachers should form themselves into a body, Avhicli, as a professional body, Avill be able to preserve its inde pendence and right, as a counterbalance against the arbitrariness of the Council and its Inspectors. Every other calling or profession has some protection .against the arbitrariness of masters or employers. The Council has become the sole employer of " teaching labour-." By means of its Inspector's, Avhose reports are the only evidence which- it accepts, it is almighty to the most distant part of the colony. It can disrate, humiliate, dismiss, or ruin any Teacher who may happen to be less pliable than sonre crotchety Inspector may like; arrd if a Teacher be once marked or dismissed, he may as well take his passage to another colony. We do not mean to say that all Inspectors are either crotch etty or unprincipled. We belieA'e that most of them are honorable and honest men ; but the . more intelligent and candid of them will admit that the poAver with ivhich they are invested is a dangerous poAver, and that as a general rule it is too much to be handed over to any man. Unconsciously a man may be prejudiced against another; his relationship with him may not be com fortable ; circumstances may not be favour able to a good understanding ; and in tbis way a very worthy Teacher may be as seriously injured as the Inspector may feel hurt should his integrity he questioned. A counterbalance is clearly necessary. The counterbalance is scarcely to be found in Parliament ; for the Parliament will never be Avilling to interfere Ayitli" the action of the Council, unless in some very great and flagrant case. The counter balance seems properly to lie Avith the Teachers themselves. If they will form associations all over , the country, Avith a central association in Sydney, so that all questions affecting the interested . of the Teachers will be fairly and fully considered by themselves , and action determined upon by themselves, then, Avhether for the pur pose of suggesting to the Council impvoA-e- mente and alterations in existing regula tions, or in appealing to the Parliament against the action of the Council, the Teachers would have a poAver and a stand ing for the making of their- Auews known which uoav they cannot have, and by their being banded together by the common ties and interests of the profession, there would be no risk of intimidation or loss or dis missal as now should any Teacher be very earnest or specific in liis complaints. . We shall he always A'ery Avilling to further the vieAvs of the Teachers in this direction, and shall willingly give publicity to any well considered suggestions Avhich may contemplate this object. Teacher's in the country may lniA'e suggestions to offer which would be useful to those in the toAvns ; and vice versa ; and the most per fect confidence Avill be observed in com munications which may be sent to us. Ouu readers Avill regret to learn that the Rev. Barzillai Quaife, who was one of the original projectors of the Protestant Standard, and one of its writers up to a recent date, has just passed away, his funeral having taken place on Wed nesday last. It is only a small hut a just tribute to his memory Avhicli Ave pay when we say that lie Avas a " good man ;" a man of great and varied attainments ; . a man of unblemished character and superior talents ; a man Avliose high conscientiousness made Iiirn perhaps more retiring and isolated than lie otherwise would have been, but a man Avhose friendship was warm, intelligent, and not easily shaken. The influence Avhicli he lias exercised upon society has been more indirect than direct. Delicate health kept him from much contact With the public, and from those public occasions Avbich bolder spirits seek. He laboured in his study. He has giA-en the colony the benefit of his thought and resources by his Avritings. Every one will remember the palmy days of the Empire ; the chief of those daily articles Avhicli made the first Empire a poAver in the country, , both on political and social questions, were the product of the pen. of Mr. Quaife. Many Avill Temember the Christian Pleader, wliicb from the beginning Avas under bis direction, and chiefly supplied by liis labour — an excellent and useful paper, Avliile under liis control, and ruined by .influences over wliicb he had no control. To other papers he contributed voluminously, and in many cases he gave Mb articles without fee or reward. When the Protestant Standard Avas pro i.«cteil some years ago, he most willingly con- curred, and 'laboured Avith Dr. M 'Gibbon and others, Avitliout remuneration, until that paper had passed its period of probation and childhood. Numerous young men avIio are iioav in the ministry, and in public positions, enjoyed the benefit of his lectures and tutorship. The lec tures and discussions Avhicli Avere the labour of his life are now being published, and Avill form a suitable memento of his talent and toil, and an undoubted addition to the valuable literature of tlie colony. For young men, for young ministers, for schools and colleges those lectures Avill be found to be of great value. Some of liis poetical pieces prove that hard studies did not keep doAvn his spirit from the loftier flights. Amid neglect, injury, and misrepresentation the courageous man iaboured on. His faith in God Avas the living principle Avliich sustained him to the end. And, at a good old age, in the full hope of a glorious immortality he passed away to his rest, respected of all Avho really knew liis Christian Avorth, and regretted by all avIio had sat at his" feet for guidance and Avisdom. As Ave understand that his Avoi'ks, in two volumes, Avill appear in a fcAV days from tlie printing establishment of Messrs. GibbsSliallardand Co., avc trust that there will be such a circulation of them as their undoubted merit dcseives.,, Foxing. — Prince Bismark's friends usually report that lie is ill Avhen he meditates a grand coup. Illness formes a fair ground for excluding place-hunters, mere talkers, and intriguers. The great statesman can mediate Avitliont inter ruption or annoyance, aiid Avitli a fcAV trust- Avorthy secretaries around him he can plan a campaign, or sketch out organic changes in a constitution, 'flic report prevalent at Berlin iioav is that Prince Bismarck— the name of the Emperor William has dropped out of the affair —intends to create forty neAV Peers. These ucav nobles are not to be solely military men, but wealthy landowners, avIioso properties Avill : enable -them to support .their neAV dignity with splendour. To these Avfll be added tlie beads of tlie chief departments of . the Civil Service. These have already had power in their hands, and are used to govern. With these Forty Bismarck will leaven tlie proud Junker auto cracy. This number will not swamp the House, for there Avere' still 100 adverse votes, but they will be a standing admonition to the House of Peers. : If tlie majority remains impracticable and impervious to reason, other neAV Peers can be drawn from tlie same sources, and meanwhile the public will become familiarized Avitli tlie expedient.' One or tAvo concessions liave been made to the prejudices of the Peers during the recess. These are intended to seive as reasons for a change of purpose. When the bill, rejected a month since by a fmajority so overwhelming, is presented a second time to the House of Peer's, the irreconcilables Avill probably remain aAvay from the division, and the moderate members of the nobility, Avith tlie forty neAV creations, Avill carry the bill with sufficient strength. The changes made or proposed to be made are not a'ery radical. The commune or parish is tlie unit of administration. The commune tran sacts all local matters peculiarly and exclusively connected with itself. Where any act is to be done in which several coimnuns are interested, such as the embankment of a river, the construc tion of a highway, or a great system of drainage, then those several communes unite and form Avhat is kuoAvn as tlie Country, and the " County Assembly " consists of tlie representa tives of tlie communes under a president, Avhose election must be ratified by the CroAvn. Up to this date, tlie nobles or feudal autocracy had supreme control over everything done in tlie County Assembly. By Prince Bismarck's Bill, every one who lias any— even the smallest— stake in the commune lias a voice in the election of county representatiA-es. Tlie money to be voted for sanitary, works and other improvements must be voted by the majority Of ratepayers. Hitherto in Germany tlie triumphant conclusion of a war usually resulted in depression of tlie commons and tlie con solidation of tlie poAver and privileges of tlie autocracy. The soldier imbibed the spirit of. his leader, but then the soldier Avas a member of a standing army for the best years of his life. The men who fought and triumphed in France came from tlie fields, the studio, the college, and tlie Avorkshop. Tliey Avere citizens, and liaA'ing performed the Avork they were called upon to do; they merged back into tlie order of citizens again. They are not and Avere not the satellites . of any potentate, hut men avIio had talked mncli about liberty, and some of them, no doubt had joined in expelling the Monarch from Berlin; > These men saw tlieir power not only in their numbers, but by what they achieved; and having reclaimed a rich and valuable territory for Germany, they demanded quietly hut firmly that they should have some share in tlie government and local taxation of their oavii old Fatherland. It is Avise to grant concession before the demands for tliem become importunate or dangerous. With consummate sagacity, Bismarck has seeii that the whole population can he attached to the CroAA'n noAv by granting privileges which ought to be tlie in herent right of every free citizen. The Registrar-General's Ecclesiastical Powers. — In some countries the church is part of the machinery of the State, and the ministers of religion as State officers, are bound to act as directed by the civil poAver. In NeAV South Wales, it appears, Ave are threatened Avitli a tyranny the reA'erse of this, for in the case of the Rev. Mr. Currey, the State officer felt bound to injure a respectable clergyman, and to deprive biin of a civil privilege attaching to liis profes sion, merely on the disputed sentence of a bis hop. And then tlie judge explains to the jury that the laAV sanctions this dictation of the bishop, and this subservience of the Civil officer, and that tlie clergyman's right to marry must remain at the mercy of the bishop's caprice, and the clergyman's Avliole congregation must sub mit to the inconvenience of having their oavii clergyman disqualified from marrying, and of being forced to go to some other, for no other reason than tlie Registrar's desire to please the bisliop, and his acting oil tlie principle that the bishop can do 110 Avrong. The Registrar is deter mined to act on tlie neAV Avill of the bishop with regard to the registration of marrying clergy men. There is no clergyman of the Church of England safe from the fate — the harsh, cruel, and unjust fate of the Rev. Mr. Currey. Mr. Currey lias been the accepted minister of a con siderable district near Grafton. He Avas for a time duly upheld by the Bisliops of NeAVcastle and of Grafton. He still held the license of the former. He never Avas charged Avith any moral or doctrinal offence by Bishop Turner. His accept ability among his people is unabated. His name lias remained 011 the register for marrying, hut Bishop Turner intimates that he wishes it re moved because lie has some difference Avith Mr. Currey about the locality of his residence ; and lo ! Avitliout aay inquiry into the bishop's right, Mr. Currey is treated as Ave have seen. The result is — six months in a common gaol — the church is closed — a judge absolutely telling tlie injured clergyman, when explaining his bishop's treatment — complaining of the judge's charge to the jury, that "tlie more he went on that Avay, the more I10 Avould punish him." Such is the report of the Grafton Observer. We are glad to see that tlie Attorney -General has acknowledged in Parliament that tlie sentence Avas excessive, and it Avill be simply disgraceful if, under the circumstances, the imprisonment be not soon abruptly ended by the enterference of the Governor, Ave are sure that tlie secret Avill be a wholesome lesson to Bisliop Turner, avIio appears to liaA'e thrown himself into the hands of very dangerous adAnsers, avIio are help ing him to ruin the Church in the North. But Ave do trust it Avill not end Avith out a clear under standing by tlie Registrar-General that lie is not there to give effect to Episcopal Avislies, that to liim the clergyman's right to his place on the roll stands good until the laAV proves him to have forfeited it, and. that aa'e must have 110 further attempts to visit the same heavy punish ment 011 men like Mr. Currey, for a mere tech nicality, as is reserved for men avIio keep open marriage sliops for minors, and connive at perjury. Honours to Murderers.— Wo learn from our corrospondentstliat tlie anniversary of the deaths of Allen, Larkin and O'Brien Avas a'ery generally observed last Sunday throughout the several dis tricts of England and Scotland Avhore Irishmen reside. The general mode of observance appeared to be to attend Mass at a given hour in large numbers,' each person Avearing some sign of mourning, and all joining in prayer for the repose of the souls of' the dead. A correspondent writing from Kilmallock gives a long description of the ceremonies observed tliere on Sunday. Kilmallock grave-yard contains the remains of the two men connected aa'itli the late moA'einent — one an nnknoAvu "Fenian soldier" who fell during the affray in that toAVii 011 the 5th of March, 1S67. The other, Mr. Patrick Reardon, avIio died after returning from liis penal punish ment in Western Australia. Each of tlieir graves Avas visited, prayers Avas said, and resolu tions passed to erect a memorial cross over their remains and enclose the ground Avith handsome railings. Mr. Gladstone and the Ultramontanes aoatn. — Mr. Gladstone lias proposed to himself tlie difficult task of heading the Liberal party in Europe, or at least in England, and at the same time reserving an alliance Avith the parti- pietre by concession to tlieir outrageous claims for sectarian education. He opposed Mr. Faueett's proposal to open Trinity . College Avith all its highest prizes to all, because he thought Dr. Cullen and his 'crew Avere entitled to some concession for their youth of an ' exclusively Romish College. But his oavii neAV scheme is opposed by the Cullen's, because it does not surrender everything to them, and by Mr. Fan- cett in the Liberal nartv because it undoubtedly surrenders too much. We cannot but say that Ave rejoice in the defeat of unprincipled and cowardly trimming. Particular Baptist Church. — Tlie first con ference of the Particular Baptist Church of N.S.W. Avas commenced in the Baptist Cliurcli, Castiereagli-streot, 011 March 4tli, by a devo tional meeting, at lO'oO a.m., tlie business meet ing at 2'30 p.m. Four churches united into an Association, which met at 7 p.m., .when addresses were delivered 011 such technical questions as " Particular Redemption," " Effec tual Calling," and "Final Perseverance." We beg to call the attention of our readers to the picnic of the Parramatta Lodge, which Avill he held at Ivanhoe Park, Manly Beach, on Wednesday next. Our advertising columns will give all particulars. Four Ritualistic Clergymen resigned. — We are glad to find that the Church of England in Melbourne is to be eased of the incubus of four Ritualistic, or Romanesque Curates, avIio find tlie Cliurcli too hot or too Protestant to hold them. They have resigned, so are Ave. We Avish a dozen others would folloAv suit to their own place. Floods. — We have this aa'eek to chronicle some of the most abundant, if not some of the most disastrous, floods that have taken place in the country , for a considerable time. The HaAvkesbury rose, in and about Windsor, to tlie height of 40 feet above high Avater mark, aucl submerged thousands of acres of maize. Avhich lias recently given sucli a luxuriant aspect to the surroundings of its vicinity. The " Iferahl's " Windsor Correspondent says : — " Never did our district look more beautiful, with its thousands of acres of luxuriant crops, filling every one aa'ith pleasure and admiration Avho looked upon tliem, calculated in a feAv short months to bring happiness and prosperity to the home of : our large farming population." "A flood could not have happened at a wurse period of the year ; for the maize, Avitli some slight exceptions, lias not yet commenced to ripen, hence almost the vast whole that lias been inundated Avill die and rot in tlie fields —tlie Avaving cornfields turned in a few days into beds of rotttenness and corruption." The country lying near the South Creek and Eastern Creek has been Avliolly inundated, also Pitt Toavii Bottoms, Cornwallis, Clarendon, 'Richmond Bottoms, and Wilberforce. Four men, Avhile attempting to cross tlie flooded stream in a boat in order to secure tlie punts, Avere capsized, but, fortunately, they Avere good SAvimmers, and Avith some difficulty" they managed to get safely to shore. Two _ swam straight to the shore ; one was couglit in the branch of a tree; tlie other climbed up the side of a punt. Some stacks of hay have also been carried down tlie voluminous stream, together with pigs, calves, poultry, vegetables, &c.;, &c.; Complaints have been made about the unAvill- ingness of persons to man the Brigade boats, but this reluctance, it is thought, arose from the Heedlessness of so doing. However, several of them Avere active in gathering in the families avIio Avere flooded out, private boats also Avere at the rescue. At Liverpool, the highest flood ever knoAA'n occurred 011 Tuesday night last. Several houses Avore sAvept away ; one house near the river completely tumbled overboard. The farmers on tlie other side of the river (HoldsAvorthy) have been great sufferers, and a subscription list lias been set 011 foot to afford them relief. Tlie Avater Avas a foot deep on the Railway line at Cainbramatta, about a mile this side of Liverpool. The goods traffic has been stopped on tlie Southern line until this day, oAving to injuries done to the line.- — Cumberland Mercury. It is proposed to build at Rome a church Avhicli shall not belong to .any particular denomi nation, but in Avliich preachers of all Evangelical churches shall be invited to officiate. 