fHE NOVELIST. THE FENCING- OF_W_AiNDEROWNA A TALE OF AUSTRALIAN SQUATTING LIFE. (Written expressly for this Journal.) . (CONTINUED.) Let ns eat and drink, for to-morrow we die, is that your philosophy?" said Gilbert. ' Eat ing is necessary and drinking is pleasant, but to-morrow is the inevitable cross-examiner, and what a bad quarter of an hour the witness has of it-if he has exceeded the modest tumbler the night before. If ever I take to poverty as au habitual practice, 1 shall drink nothing but tea, and smoke mild tobacco. With a sound digestion and a cool head l^egret may be borne and adversity faced. But, depend on it, Alcoholism dips in poison the sting of Re morse. The knight must fare forth-" out over the wall, out into the nicht, three hundred feet of fall." " I'll trouble you for the battle-axe,'' rather inconsequentially returned Hobbie, " I agree in the main with your reasoning, but this is a night of electi-ical disturbance, as if great things were imminent. ' Too much of any thing is not good,' said the I ndian, but too much whisky is just enough. What heads fel lows must have who over-brandy themselves. What awakenings, and 'fearful looking for judgement." I don't wonder that they suicide now and then." " Its all luck," said Countemeut, for circum stance. I knew a station of which every owner, and there were four, that followed one another -drank himself to death." " What an ill-omened run, as gloomy a legend as you could hear about a black browed castle, with melancholy sighing trees and weedgrown avenues in the old country! A place where the heir always went mad or died young, and which the irreverent manufacturing Croesus gazed at wistfully but dared not to pur chase.'' "Tour probable losses are beginning to bring on softening on the brain, Gilbert, or are you and Countemont going in for literary, when the sheep are all dead?" Why, there never was even a ghost in this dried up miserable new country." " No ghosts, did you say r" asked the over seer in a strangely altered tone, as he looked through the distance with fixed and staring eyes. " Did yoii never hear tell of the grey woman?" " Tou don't mean to say, old fellow, that you've seen her, and that it's all true. Ex cuse me for laughing, I didn't remark how serious you were at first. Is it a real true tale ?" " It may not be true that we are sitting here in the flesh. It may not be true that the sea son is dry and that the flocks are starving," said t^e overseer, with all trace ot jesting banished from his face; "but if these be facts it is no less one that I saw the appearance of that foully murdered woman long after she had gone to her doom.'' " Let us have it, then, by all means," said Gilbert, who had been calmly observing their companion's changed air and manner. " Put on another log, Hobbie-and Countemont help yourself and pass the ' Hennessy.' I feel rather in need of a sensation. Now, go ahead, old man, we can't well be more miserable than we are.'' " What I am about to tell," commenced the old bushman, " came to pass many a year ago. Things were different then in the bush. Men lived a wilder life, there was not a police station and half a dozen magistrates round every bit of a township like Jeldebah. The stations were far apart. The masters lived away from them. Money was scarce, stock were cheap, and good mou who knew their work and could do it wero hard to got. They had more of their own way than in these days ; and Avhat they had boen or what their moral tone was like, were matters littlo heeded, as long as tho brandings and the musters went on right. " I was a youngster when I went to live, as a kind of oiTdido manager, at one of old Captain Gnmwood'a cattle runs, it had been a bad place for black s ; several stockmen hod been speared ; «nd moro than ono bloody reprisal liad taken pb.oo there These had all happened before 1113'time. I hoard many stories though, from tho stockmen, that wero enough to make uuc's luui' stand on end. " There was one out-station, at whioh lived a ulan, oom monly called Bla ck Nod. Ho was a saturnino, silent »ort ol' follow, whom I intino tivoly shrunk from. A [splendid stockman, ho was held in KOHIO kind of estimation by the ovorsoor, Old Driver, and the rather wicked veterans of the place for having successfully defended his hut from an attack, made by blacks. He shot many before they raised the siege, and an unknown number af terwards, by which ruthless deed he had acquired renown ! and lasting glory. "He waa a good looking ruffian iu his way. He had just the kind of gaudy scene-painted kind of outward appearance that attracts fool ish women. Good Lord ! they are foolish. For the rest, he was tall and muscular, with coal- black hair, large whiskers, aud white teeth. His eyes were remarkable enough. There was a smouldering fire in them that blazed out when he was crossed and dared to show his temper. " He and I were never friends. I had heard of a brutal deed of his, nailing a wretched black by the hands to the stockyard. I could not conceal my abhorrence. He hated me and I knew it ; he was not so young as he looked at first sight, and in his cups-for of course he drank hard at times j what bushman in those days did not?-let slip memories of inore important villanies. " "Well, this respected personage was des patched by his master (I don't mean the devil, but old Oapt. Grimwood) on an overland journey, with a large drove of store cattle, to one of the coast towns. He remained away three or four months ; he was successful, as usual, (let us give the devil his due,) and the cattle sold well. His return produced a kind of revolutionary excitement in the population of the station and of the neigh'boui'houd ; an event which no one, in the wildest stage of delirium tremens, had figured among the fancies of a fevered brain, had occurred. Black Ked had brought back a wife. " A curiously large proportion pf the strayed ? stock of the surrounding runs, as well as our own, from that time, must have concluded that Ned's out-station was the land of Goshen, or in the direct line thereto ; horses were picked up just close by ; cattle, it^was thought, * might have made out that way ;' even lost flocks of sheep were last seen heading in that direction. It might have been the flat infront of the hut; it might have been the cool depths of the ' Wild horse waterhole/ the largest and deepest pool in all the creek, which attracted the stock. But, in consequence of these or other reasons, it became necessary for every .stockman, Bhep- . herd, or bullock-driver, within .fifty miles, to : : call at Black Ned's hut, which involved, neces- . sarily, a sight of Black Ned's wife. ? " 'What was she like ?' how many score times was that question asked ? Women were scarcer in the bush in those days, generally answered in this wise. " ' Well,[not so very much to look at, slim and rather pale, with yellowish hair, but very , genteel like, didn't talk much, perhaps might be afraid of Ned,' (and well she may be, added Berne of the audience). Flash Jack, who went with the cattle, told Bill Davis she was a lady, or leastways a governess : but this deponent could not avouch, as to the latter fact, not having seen parties so described, since he was a little boy. "After a short time the nine days' wonder ceased. The few stockmen's wives and other humble women, who went to see the wonderful stranger, spoke of her as wearing a quiet, sub dued air, talking kindly, but without interest, to the simple visitors. "Ned seemed kind.enough, quite a different man, as one might say ; they pitied the poor thing shut up there, with never a soul to speak to, and she not used to the bush, any one could see with half an eye ; always wore a grey dress, too ; pretty made up, but always the one colour. 'Well, sooner her than me.' " This was always the wind up. Everyone felt, who had known her ill-omened mate, that ber's was a fate that the meanest among them would have shrunk from. "I never went there myself, hating the brute as I did, and thinking Í should see his wife time enough. I was worked off my legs also, and had not that abounding leisure which leads to curiosity about other men's wives. But one one day, I bad been out since sunrise, and on my return fell in with some stock which took me to the Wild-horse waterhole. I was watering minc there, and standing by him, when I saw a woman walking down from the hut with a bucket in her hand. , 1 noticed the grey dress-the yellow hair, tho slight figure-it was Ned's wife, of course. She did not see me till she came close down to the bank-and then my horse making a move ment she stopped and raised a pair of dreamy blue eyes wonderingly to my face. It was a clear spring morning. The air was pure, the sun, scarce above the dark ranges which lay eastward, touched with faint fire her hair, her form, her red parted lips and her pale but deli cate features. 1 can see her now. What a vision of loveliness she seemed to me then. I was a boy, \- no wonder my head was turned. More than all, I had seen lier before. " That was a wouder of wonders But it was true. How tho old Kentish village came back to me, for a moment, all fresh and lifelike at tho glamour of that woman's face. The bright grotui nieiidows, tho bubbling brook, tba ola hall, tho russet-coloured ftirin-houses. the mill stream, whore I had spent mauy a holiday, aud the miller's daughter. I saw the whole scene, as clear as 1 seo that creeper over thc verandah, for one moment, ¡md then cumc baok tho strange new world landscape, of the far rangée, tho wild forest, thu sullen pond and tho miller s daughter ! herc ! hero ! I rushed up to ho»-, seized lier hand in both of minc, and sobbed like a child. ' Jaue Maythorn,' said 1, * is it indeed you, a" tue way from Enderby and the ld mill i or are my though ts about the dear old land 'driving ine mad, and is this the begin ning of it P n .. "Her look of settleci sadness passed away, and for a moment 1 saw a faint reflection of the old merry look that I knew so well, flit over her pale face. It had faded when ¡*he said.. < What, Elmtree Jack of the "Barton ? "Who ever expected to see you iu this wretched, wretched country ? Bat," -drawing herself away with a frightened expression, 'you miisn't be quite so sentimental at the sight of an old friend. You used not tobe so. Bring your horse np to the hut, and surely we may have a little talk about the dear old times.' She turned her face away quickly as &be; spoke, and as I went for my Warrigal, who was feeding stock-horse fashion, with the rein under his feet, 1 saw that her whole frame was gkaken, and that tears were trickling fast through the slender fingers which she pressed passionately to her brow. "She told me all her story. Not uncommon perhaps, but sad enough. The old miller had lost money, then lost heart, fallen ill, and died. Her friends were not too kind to a penniless girl. She was persuaded to emigrate, had fallen in with Ned at the port, where, well dressed and flush of money, he had passed himself off for an up-country squatter. Con fused and desponding in a strange land, she had consented to a hasty marriage, and had realized doubtless, thoiigh this she would not own, the hopeless misery ©f her present posi tion as the wife of one of the most ruthless scoundrels that ever disgraced humanity. I comforted her as well as I was able. 1 told her that she might trust me in any need as a brother; that I could for her sake make friends with Ned as far as was possible. She thanked me with a faint smile, and as she held out her hand at parting, a look of such un utterable despair was in her mournful eyes, that I could not repress a groan as I mounted old Warrigal, and striking spurs into his sides, left the lonely old hut far behind. " Pretty Jane Maythorn, merry Jane," thought I, " has it come to this P Half play mate, half sweet-heart, in the girl and boy days, when I lived with my uncle, old Mark Counteniout, at the Barton, and he used to joke me about always fishing so near the mill : ' Eh lad ! fond of fishing-must be some good trout there. Young blood-young blood-ha ! ha!" She was a shy lass of sixteen or so when we sat under the old spreading alders, and played in the long, happy summer days at fishing." "Didn't I climb the old elm-tree, because . she wa8 looking on, and breaking my arm with the fall from a rotten upper branch, gain my village sobriquet, which never afterwards left me. And now she is here, living at the Wild horse Waterhole. How inscrutable are the ways of Providence. Emigration, which has led tens of thousands of poor souls into unac customed liberty and sudden wealth in Aus tralia, has brought her to a veritable house of bondage and to a living death. ,f By Jove, it's raining steadily. I'm making an awful long yarn of it." "Never mmd the rain," said Hobbie. "If you allude to it it will stop at once, i wonder you don't know that. Go on, old man." "Pillyour glass and goon," said Gilbert. "There's too much turning uxîon this night's rain for nie to think of sleep. There's ruin or reprieve in the clouds before morning dawns, 60 tell us your tale of the life-ruin that looks so imminent. Time enough for sleep after wards." He lighted'his freshly filled meerscha,um, and lay back in his arm-chair with watchful eyes. The overseer drained a full glass, which gave no glow to his bronzed features, and, to the faint rhythmic measure of the ceaseless rain drips, the strong man told all tenderly of his unburied dead. "I kept my promise to poor Jane. I smoothed the bloodhound, her mate, and patched up a sort of half-and-half friendship. I arranged opportunities for the decenter women on and in the neighbourhood of the place, to aflbrd her a little ordinary social intercourse. I carefully avoided any appear ance of special interest, which might rouse his suspicious nature. My efforts were aided hy those around me, and a slight increase of apparent cheerfulness on Jane's pale face snowed me, in the rare intervals when we met, that I had done some good. But no one hoped. All knew him too well. Jane was looked upon as a doomed creature, and no one, who had ever known or heard of Black Ned, thought of ber's aa^any but a tragic ending. "I was compelled to visit a distant station in what was then called the ' new country.' On my return the station gossip was full of a new story. Black Ned had been drinking, bad been jealous, and had cruelly .beaten his un tortunato wife. What else indeed (it was said) could he expected. It was the old thing over again. Hadn't he, &c;, &c.; If she didn't get away sho was a dead woman, and so ou. "I felt inclined to kill the ruffian myself, but thought it prudent to dissemble, lest I might lose all chance of'assisting my ill-fated play mate. So I said littlo, and determined to see "or soinohow. An opportunity soon ottered. was sont to fetch some horses. Starting «'om tho homo station in auother direction, I V?ok, "fii'ouit, and onco moro found myself at tao, Wild Horse Waterhole. She was hitting in an attitude which implied tko stupor of deiec llon> m¿ hardly raised her head aa I entered. She looked wildly at me for one moment, and then falling on .her knees, cried out 'Oh! Jack, dear Jack, take me away from this dreadful place. I shall go mad if I stay. that is if lie,' and she shuddered, .' does not kill me first. What a wicked man ho is. I am like a woirau who has sold herself to the fiend. I am most truly in hell-in hell. What have I done that I should be so tortured ?'' "I comforted her as well as I could. I told her that in some way I would get her to the port, and that she might then go by sea to one of the other colonies, or even to England, and that I would pay her passage money my self. ' Oh, let me go home, home to the old village and die,' she said, like one praying for life ; ' if I could only see the cottage, and the meadow, and the mill-stream again, I could die like a child ia its mother's arms. I could work, do anything, only live or die' there, it matters not which now.' She told me how she had been frightened by his fearful looks and , words during his debauch, how some trifle had I .excited hi* causeless jealousy, and how after a savage accusation, he had cruelly beaten her with his stockwhip, that she had thought of drowning herself, and might, if no help caine from God or man. " I could no longer resist her entreaties. It might be not wholly justifiable to aid in her flight from her lawful custodian, but I was young and rash, and could not stand by and see her die without striking m. I arranged that she should leave the hut on a certain j evening, and meet a trusted ally of mine, who I would ride with her to the nearest point, many mile3 distant, at which the mail-cart-no coaches then-could be met. When she reached the port arrangements would be made for her safe keeping and voyage. She thanked me with her sad eyes in speechless gratitude. " I made my preparations carefully. I was not without dread of the Bpies which exist in all communities, and Black Ned had his familiars. I was confirmed in this by his sud denly drawing up to me as we were all muster ing cattle one day. ' Look here,' he said, ' I've heard that you've been at my place more than once, when I've been away. I don't want to say much, but if I ever find you and her talk ing, or writing, or colloguing together, I'll knock her brains out, and your's too, as sure as my name's Ned Morsley. She won't be the first woman that I've put away, if1 you believe the yarns about here.' Here the ruffian sneered, as if T might choose whether to credit him or otherwise. " I was taken by surprise, and 1 lost my tem per wholly. ' How dare you talk about your wife in that way,' I said, 'you murdering scoundrel, that the gallows ougnt to have had long ago. I know how you've illtreated her, and by the Lord God if I hear that you ever illnse her again, I'll flog you from here to the next court house and back, if they don't keep your there. Come off your horse, and strike a «ian, you cowardly black-shooting, woman beating dog.' ?' He turned paler as I spoke. His eyes burned with a baleful glare, and he made as though to rush at me, as several of the station hands rode up. I was strong as a bull then always m training-and he, though a known bruiser, was none the better, like me now, for twenty years of hard life, and hard-" here the overseer drained his glass, with a half-sigh. 