RUTH HALL. Chapter XX. DAISY S ILLNESS -TUB .OLD DOCTOU I1EFUHK8 TO COMB. ' Why in the world, Ruth, ure you wan erinj; about tliere, like u ghost, in the munn glit?' suid Harry, rubbing open his sleepy ye*. 'Hist, Harry ! listen to Daisy's breathing; ? sounds us it' it cuuie through u bruzen tube, he must be ill.' ' Little wile, dun fc torment yourself, she us only u Imd cold, which, of course, appears 'orse at night. Her breathing is irregular, ecause her lieud is too 'low. Give her this illow : there, now, she's comfortable. What frightened little [mas you are ! Your band -:eml-les as if you hud the jmlsy ; now go to eep ; it must be nea'iTwo o'clock ; you'll be ck yourself to-morrow ;' and Harry, weurierf ut with an annoying day of business, wasaoou ist asleep. ? Only the eye of God watches like a mother's. tuth could not sleep. She was son again I; Daisy's aidej with her fingers upon her riat and her eyes fixed upon the child's face, tarking every contortion of feature, noting ?ery change of posture. ' Whut is it, dai ling 1' asked her mother, i Daisy grasped her throat with both hands. 1 ' It hurts,' said the child. ,?_ Ruth glanced ut Hairy. He was so weary, j, : were a pity to wake him needlessly. Pei ..? i naps h or fears were groundless, und she was 1 1 sver-anxious ; aud then, perhaps, Daisy really I ' leeded immediale medical aid. 1 Ruth's fears preponderated. I ' Dear Harry,' snid --he, laying her hand I' oftly on his forehead, 'do call up Pat, and 1 end for the doctor.' I 'Certainly, if you think best,' said Harry, ? ipringing up ; ' but it is a cold night for the I aid raau to come out; and really, Ruth, Daisy I has only a stuffed cold.' I 'Please let Pat go,' said Ruth, .pleadingly ; E 'I shall feel happier, Hurry.' I It whs a venturous undertaking to rouse I Pat suddenly, as his bump of destructiveness ! generally woke first ; and a fight seemed al I ways with him a necessary preliminary to a ? better understanding of things. I ' Hold ! hold !' snid Hurry, seizing his brawny, belligerent fist; 'not quite so fast, man ; open your eyes, und sen who I am.' 'Did I sthriku yer honor!' .said Pat; '1 hope yer'll forgi/e me; but you see, I wasjist born with 'rfiy 'fists doubled up.' ' All right,' said his master laughing; 'but got on your clothes as soon as possible; har ness Romeo, und bring the old gentlemun up here. Mts. Hull feels very uneasy about Daisy, und wuuts him to prescribe for liei.' ' I'll bring him back in a flash, ' said Pat ; ? ' but what'll I do if ho won't come ?' ' Who is there? what do you want? Speak quick, if you've unything to say, for I'm catch ing the rheumutiz' in my head,' said the doc tor, as hu poked his bald poll out of the cottage window into the frosty night air. ' Who are you '? und whut on earth do you want V ' It's me,' Huid Pat. ' Who's me ?' suid the doctor. ' Butherui ion,' growled Put; 'don't the Duld owl know the voice of me? — It's Pat i Donuhi'e; the chillier is sick, und Mistiness Ruth want's you to come wid me, and give ,' her something to betther her.' »r| ' Pooh I pooh ! is that all you woke me up 'or ? Tin: child vr.is well enough this noon, ?? xcept w slight cold. Ruth is full of notions. I Jo home and take that bottle, und tell her to u ive Daisy half a teaspoonful once in two j ours : und I'll come over in tho morning. \ Ine's always a-fuhsiug with that child, und i Linking, if she sneezes, t hat she is going to le. x*- a u wunuer 11 x uuii i* uiu myseti, onted out of u warm bed, without .my wig, his time of night. There — there — go along, ;'nd mind you shut the gate after you. Ten o one he'll leave it open, soliloquized the doi- ,or, slumming the window with a jerk. 'I nate an Irishman as 1 do a rattlesnake. An Irishman is an incomplete biped — a human tower of Babel ; he wus finished up to a cer tain point, and there he was left. i ' Alia. Hall ! Mis. Hall ! if you have no ob jection, I should like you to stop snoring. I should like to sleep, if the villuge of Glenville will let me. Dear, dear, what a thing it is to be a doctor !' Chapter XXI. | DINAH'S WARNING.- IIABHT DOES AGAIN FOR THE DOCTOR. ' If de las' day has come, dis chil' ought to know it,' said Dinah, springing to her feet and pen-ing out, as she scratched away the frost ficn the window ; 'has de debbel broke loose ? -r nly de horse 1 Anyway, 'tis about de same An,;' and ahe^glanced in the direction of the \--ai. 'MiisRysakes! dere's Put stealing off in iejgbt wid Romeo; no he aint neider — he's liing him up it) de barn. Where you ne he's been dis time a' night 1 Courting, \ms ! Well, dis chil1 dunno. And dere'a U\ht light shining on de snow from Massa jii's window. Dinah cau't sleep, till she bA what's to pay, dat's a fac';' and tying I'Vlkerchief over her woolly head, and tiling on a shawl, sho tramped downstairs. ' 2y Bakes !' said she, stopping on the at?, as Daisy's shrill cough fell on her ear. ' iv ! jen' hear dat !' and opening her ?hiv door, Dinah stood sturiagat tho child \ atended eye-balls, then looking from __ o Ruth, as if she thought them both : je influence of night-mare. 'Forde W. tke, Massa Harry, send for de doctor,' :._ ah, clasping her hands. T^i have,' said Harry, trying to coax gT^' swallow another spoonful of the Perfa. ' Hnd he said he'd be here in the Foe.' yioni,' said Dinah, in a low, hoarse $0 Harry, as she pointed to Daisy. 4u know, Alassa, it's de croup — de T^EB wtut'l way, Massa ! Oh, Lor' !' PUBLYU° attrne8aiDg Romeo in an instant, \ atPlaE'D his way to the doctor's cottage. I Fortf knocked, and rang, and thumped. ?v *- ^ril'™n- C0I°f01 taD|y tucked .tip between / tfery, Vj'1*' Was ^ar nWay in the 'ant* oi / | is to be donel' said Harry; 'I a'ocneo to the post and climb in at TyjSWindow.' m I fut.hnr I' ftniri 111* aTiuirinrr ¥\\\a r\\\A on eacl j the ahouldein, «? Daisy is worse, we vel ^ togO right home with roe.'_ . a ilieve it,' said the old man, 'you,' ' | btened; it's an awful cold-night — '- — -|t,' said Harry — 'but I brought ' » ; hurry, father, Daisy is very 'VTTE ctor groaned, took his wig from */ . |»ad put it on bis head ; tied a ' sS^r» with diatee88ing deliberation, over his unbelieving enre, and, returning four times to tell ' Mrs. Hall to be sure and holt the front door after him,' climbed into a sleigh. ' I shall he glad if I don't get a sick spell myself,' suid the doctor, 'coming out this freezing night. Ruth has frightened you to death, I s'posu. Tun to oue, w hen I get up there nothing will ail the child. Come, come, don't drive so fast; my bones ure old, and 1 don't believe in these gay horses of yours, who never make uny use of their fore legs, except to hold them in the air. Whou, I say — Romeo, whoa I' ' Get out of de way, Pat !' said Dinah — 'your Paddy fingers ure all thumbs. Here, put some more water in dat kettle dere ; now stir dat mustari paste; now run quick wid dat goose-grease up to missus, and tell her to run de cliil'd trout wid it ; 'taint no ussr, though. Oh, Lor' ! dis nigger knew she wouldn't live, uvur aluue Hue Haiu uuu uuub uu uuici |jiuai ? De Lord wants de chil', dut's a fac'; she neb ber played enough to suit Dinah.' Chapter XXII. THK OLD DOCTOU AM1IVKS TOO LATE. Stamping tbesnow from his feet, the doctor slowly untied his woollen muffler, took off his hut, settled his wig, hung his overcoat on u nail in the entrv. drew from his oocket a huse red handkerchief, and announcing his arrival by a blusr, loud enough to irouse the seven sleepers, followed Hurry upstairs to the sick chamber. The strong firelight fell upon Ruth's white figure, as she sat, pule and motionless, in- Xl',e corner, with Daisy ou her lap, whose luborious breathing could be distinctly heard in the next room. A dark ciicle hud settled round the child's mouth und eyes, and its little bauds hung helplessly ut its side. Dinah was kneeling at the hearth, stirring a fresh mus tard paste, with an uir which seemed to Riiy, ''it is no use, but I must keep on doing some thing.' The doctor advanced, drew his spectacles from their leathern case, perched them astride the cud of his nose, and gazed steadily at Daisy without speaking. 'Help her,' said Ruth, imploringly. ' Nothing to be done,' said the doctor, in an unmoved tone, staring at Daisy. ' Why didn' you come afore, den ?' said Dinah, springing to her feet und confronting the doctor. ' Don't you see you've murdere I two of 'cm ?' and she pointed to Ruth, whose head had dropped upon her breast. ' I tell you, Harry, it's no use to call another doctor,' said his father, shaking off his grasp ; the child is struck with deuth ; let her drop off quietly ; what's the sense of tormenting her ?' Hurry shuddered, and drew his father again to Daisy's side. ' Help her,' said Ruth ; ' Don't talk ; try something.' - ' Well, I can put on these leeches, if you insist,' said the old man, uncorking a bottle; ' but I tell you, it is only tormenting the dying.' Dinah :ut open the child's night-dress, and bared the fair, round chest, to which the leeches elung eagerly ; Daisy, meanwhile, re maining motionless, und seemingly quite in sensible to the disagreeable pricking sensation they caused. ' The. other doctor is below,' whispered Pat, thrusting his head in at the door. 'Bring him up,' said the old gentleman. An expression of pain passed over the young man's features as his eye fell upon the child. Ah yet, he had not become so professionally burdened as to be able to look unmoved upon the group before him, whose imploring eyes asked vainly of him the help no mortal hand could give. A few questions he asked to avoid beina questioned himself; a few remedies he tried, to appease the mother's heart, whose mournful eyes were on him like a spell. ' Water,' said Daisy, faintly, as she lan guidly opened her eyes. ' Gud.be thanked,' said Ruth, overcome by the sound of that blessed little voice, which she never expected to hear again, ' God be thanked.' The young doctor returned no answering smile, a.i Ruth and Huriy grasped his bund ; but he walked to the little window nnd looked out upon th« grey dawn, with u heavy sigh, us the first streak of light ushered in the new born day. Still the fire-light flashed and flickered — now upon tho old doctor, who had fallen asleep in his arm-chair ; now upon Ruth's bowed head ; now upon Dafoy, who lay motionles in her mother's lap (the deadly paleness of her countenance rendered still more fearful by the dark blood- stains on her night-dress) ; then upon Harry, who, kneeling at Daisy's side, and stifling his own strong heait, gazed alternately at the mother and child ; then upon Dinah, who, with folded arms, stood like some grim sentinel, in the shadow of the further corner; the little man tel clock, meanwhile, tickiug, ticking on — numberiug the passing moments with startling distinctness. Oh, in such an hour, when wave after wave of anguish dashes over us, where are the infidel's boasted doubts, as tbej tortured heart cries out instinctively, ' Save, Lord, or we perish ! ' ' Slowly the night waned, and the stats paled. TJp the grey east the-, golden sun slowly glided. One beam penetrated the little window, hovering like a halo over Daisy's sunny head. A quick, convulsive start, and with one cry (as tbe little throat tilled to suffocation), the fair white arms were tossed alofc, then dropped powerless upon the bed of Death ! To be Continued. 