TOPICS OF THE DAY On Wednesday His Excellency held a Council, at which all the Ministers wen present except the Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands. An experiment will be made to-day with the patent safety blasting powder at the Glen Osmond Quarry, a notice of which ap- pears in our business columns. The Committee in connection with the entertainment given in the Town Hall Ex- change Room, June 16, in aid of the widow of the late E. Head, have presented her with £13 1s., net proceeds. Mr. Robert Wyman, blacksmith, of Pulteney- street. was, on Thursday evening, June 26, taken to the Adelaide Hospital, suffer- ing from a simple fracture of the left leg, caused by stumbling over a culvert. Mr. Scrutton has received a very cheering report from his party now boring on the Coorong for Petroleum or coal. The indi- cations are considered sufficiently good to in- spire every confidence in the venture. "Samples of black marble," the Gipps Land Mercury states, "have been brought into Sale lately. It is pure limestone, easy to dress, and takes a splendid polish, the fossil shells of all shapes and in all positions giving it a beautiful appearance." The second quarterly meeting of the Sunday-School Teachers' Union will be held in the Hindmarsh-square Church this evening, when Mr. T. Frost will read a paper on "Suc- cess in our work, asd how to attain it." All persons interested in Sunday-school work are invited to attend. We have seen at the establishment of the Adelaide Photographic Company two excel- lent oil paintings. One ia a painting of the late Mrs. Church, and the other is a bust por- trait of Mr. D. J. Fowler. The likenesses are well preserved, and the pictures display much artistic skill and finish. A dastardly attempt to upset the North mail has been made about six miles frem Blinman. Some malicious persons placed large stones on the road, but fortunately they were observed in the daylight, and the guard and passengers removed them. Had it been night time a serious accident must have been the re- sult of such wanton mischief. As one of the press boats came along side the jetty on Thursday, there was a youngster on the fore deck who was pitched overboard, and would soon have became a feed for fishes, but that the coxswain, with a promp- titude which does him credit, at once took a header after the boy, and rescued him. On Thursday, June 26, as Mr. Hugh Wayland, drayman, of Kent Town, was driving some horses attached to a van at Hindmarsh the noise of a train rushing by frightened the animals, which thereupon bolted. The driver was thrown out, sustaining a breakage ofhis left thigh bone. He was promptly removed to the City Hospital. According to the Albury Banner of June 14, the late rains and mild weather have rendered the country on the Lower Murray all that could be desired for pastoral purposes. Lambing has been general for some time, and the lambs appear to be healthy and vigorous. In some of the paddocks on Boomanoomana and the Tuppal, it is expected that over 90 per cent, of lambs will be realised. "A new branch of industry," writes the Melbourne Age, "is to be seen at the yards of Messrs. W. Train & Co., Sandridge-road. It is the flooring of a verandah, composed entirely of Willunga slate. The design is a very neat one, and the clean appearance of the polished slabs gives it a very elegant look. Such verandahs have lately come much into use in Adelaide, but the one referred to is the first which has been constructed in Victoria." On Thursday, June 26, a little boy named James White, son of Mr. John White, of Sturt-street, was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital, suffering from severe injuries to the head, and, it is thought, from hurts sustained internally. It seems that the little sufferer was employed at the Club House, North terrace, and on the day in question fell from some stairs in that building. He was picked up insensible, and removed for medical examina- tion. The Pastoral Times says that the snagging on tho Mnrrumbidgee River is being proceeded with most vigorously. It is, how- ever, computed that it will take 10 years to remove all the obstructing trees in the river between Hay and Narandera. Local quidnunce assert boldly enough that a light railway be- tween Wagga Wagga and Hay would be cheaper and more effective than water carriage, which must necessarily be very uncertain, as season after season there is not sufficient water in the river to float a vessel. The following is Thursday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Dar- win telegraph line: — Beltana, E., fresh, fine, clour; Strangways Springs, S.E., fresh, light, clear, fine, cold; Peake, E., moderate, clew, fine ; Charlotte Waters, S.E., light, clear, fine; Alice Springs, calm, clear, cool; Barrow Creek, E.S.E., moderate, fine, clear, cool; Tennant Creek, S.E., fresh, fine, clear, cool; Daly Waters, S.E. very light, fine, clear, cool; Katherine, E.S.E., moderate, cool, cloudy; Yam Creek, S.E., light, bright, fine; Port Darwin, E., light, clear, fine. During the past day or two the large vessels in the roads have been receiving on board their crews, and to take stock of the tars as they go off to their respective ships is some what amusing, though in some cases it would afford the disciples of Father Mathew an opportunity of drawing comparisons. One or two turn up in a conscious state of sobriety, with well-appointed gear and kit of clothes; others, on the contrary, have been carted over in a state of unconsciousness as to what their future destiny might be. Generally, however, they appear a jolly lot of men, and at the in- creased rate of wages will no doubt do duty like British tars. Speaking of Mr. J. G. Pitcher, the representative of the English and Scottish Bank at Port Darwin, the Kapunda Herald says :—" The friends of this gentleman will re- joice in one sense to learn that he will return from Port Darwin to Kapunda by the first opportunity. He has already found the climate too trying for him, and was unable to proceed to the diggings at the time he intended in con- sequence of an attack of fever. He has now happily recovered, and as we have said, will re- return by the first chance. He reports wery favorably of business and banking prospects at Port Darwin, and advises the immediate esta- blishment of a branch them. The Adelaide Board of the English and Scottish Bank have offered the management at Port Darwin to Mr. Pitcher's locum tenens, but we believe that gentleman has not yet finally decided whether he will go." The Peak Downs correspondent of a Rockhampton paper gives the following account of the effect on a camp of blacks of the late eclipse of the moon: —The moon rose on one of those fantastic scenes common in the bush of Australia—a grand féte at the blacks' camp. The young bloods—the dancers of the goodly company — were dressed and painted in the full dress adopted by their ancestors, so scant as to make a ballet-girl envious, the old ladies and gentlemen dis- coursing harmonious music The dance be came more exciting, and the dulcet strains louder; the dust and flames rose high to heaven, when, lo ! what stops this mirth? It is the cry, "Moon tumble down !" All eyes are for the moment raised to the darkened moon, and then, forgetful of the already pre- pared sumptuous repast, of their worldly pos- sessions, and of their ever-attendant war in- struments, away scamper the motley festive party over the hills and through the scrub, regardless of all obstacles, with but one object in view—to get at the back of the moon, that as it "tumbled down" they might not be under. On, on, they sped, to the east, with the cry, "The moon take the hind- most." At the Ararat Botanic Gardens, writes the Advertiser, "a remarkable fungus, unique in its way, of singularly fragile construction, and of very short life, has made its appearance, some half a dozen specimens having been noticed about the centre borders of the upper garden. It is as much of a curiosity as the pitcher plant, with its serviceable jog hanging at the end of the leaf to catch water for the sustenance of the parent-stem during the long dry parching summers which prevail in the regions of its natural habitat, or as that most practical little flower, Venus's fly-trap, the tenacious clasp of whose foliage makes short work of any crawling insect that profanes its sanctuary, or as the exquisitely sensitive mimosa. A small, clumsy-looking, oval- shaped receptacle is formed just under the surface of the soil, with a hinged cover at the top, heart-shaped, and accurately fitted. In the early morning the cover is forced open, a fungoid formation makes its way into the dewy sunlight, assumes the shape of a network balloon, enjoys its little life for a couple of hours, and is blown off by the wind, if there is any, or shrivels up and disappears after having carried out its mysterious purpose; the hinged lid closes, and the coarser part of the fungus dis- appears beneath the soil. What the purpose of this little cryptogam can be is a puzzle to the observer, who is apt to come away with the dictum on his mind of 'an instructor of youth' not unknown in the schools—'a rum 'un is nature." The Melbourne people have got a ghost, and the Daily Telegraph thus relates the story : —"The head of a well-known Melbourne firm sends us the following narrative, every word of which he vouches is 'strictly true:'—On the 14th instant I was on my way home from busi- ness, in company with a gentleman ; the time was as nearly as possible 6 to 10 minutes past 6. We were passing along Spring-street, on the opposite side to the Princess's Theatre, and about opposite that building, when I suddenly imagined that I was on the point of running against some object which was crofting the foot- path from the fence to the road, and I put out my hands to prevent striking. I observed the extraordinary appearance pass across my path, and, as it were, completely in the way of my friend, who was walking on my left hand. He instantly stopped, and also placed his hand out in order to prevent a collision. In pure astonishment, we watched the appearance for perhaps four seconds, when it completely vanished. I may add that the nearest person in front was some little distance on, and there was no person for some distance behind. The appearance was of a very peculiar grey transparent nature. I could not for the life of me say the form it took. The sudden- ness of it appearing and disappearing, coupled with the unusual start which the affair gave to both of us, would account for the want of a closer examination. On the following day I was passing the spot—only this time on the top of an omnibus—when I pointed to the place, and mentioned the fact to the driver, who told me that another gentleman, about a month or six weeks back, had stated that he came bolt up against somebody or something at the very spot, and that he shouted out to it, 'Now then, mind where you're coming,' when he also was somewhat starred to see the appearance sud- denly disappear." — — — ERRATA. —In our report of Mr. Charnock's remarks at the Murray Railway meeting, we re- presented him to say the Echuca railway cost an average of £30,000—it should have been £38,000 per mile. Also, with reference (o Victor Harbor, instead of "in a large ship there was great delay," it should have been "in a small ship," &c.; 