CURRENT EYENTS. ...Tiie BbAnds Act.— A supplement to tho Government Gazette was issued this morning, containing a list of tho brands issued under the. new Act during the month of February, and also a list of those transferred during the same period. , The number of certificates of new brands now nearly approaches six thousand. CoNGnEGATiotUTj CnrjnoH, South Bma. bane, — A ' servioo of song' is to be held at the aboyo-namod church this evening, with ' con nective readings,' under the auspices of tbe Tonie Sol- Fa Association, led by Mr, Edmund 'Gregory. , We are not aware that one of these 'services,' specially so called, has been at' tempted in Brisbane before, but we have no doubt tho conductor and his pupils will acquit themselves worthily. , New Association. — An association undor the title of the ' Peak Downs Mutual Cooper ative Society (limited),' has just been duly registered in the Supreme Court office, with the object of supplying the inhabitants of Copper, fiold with provisions and other necessaries. A capital of £5,000, divided in 5,000 shares of £1 each, hus been raised, and the speculation is reported to have before it a very fair prospect of success. YoutJa Bbisbane. — An exhibition of lazineBs and aversion , to incur trouble and fatigue, other wise than for their own pleasure or profit, with a refusal to render assistance) to others at the expenditure of a little extra exertion to them selves, was shown, as strikingly as disgracefully, 1 on Tuesday morning by some of tho young men at tbe present time so numerous in our city. As a mark of the appreciation [in which their conduct is held by all but Buch as themselves, it would be a highly delightful sight to see the hose, of which they entertained so undisguised a dislike, playing upon them at its full pressure. To explain the reaaon of this phillippic, it will only be necessary to narrate a little circumstance ? ?which took place at the time of the alarm o fire on Tuesday morning. Half a dozen of the brigade (all who were then pre sent) were despatched with one of the. hose reels in the absence of the much required horse power, and a ! second reel was got out ready for tho arrival of more men to carry it on. -Valuable time passing, and only two of tho brigade having arrived, the reel was run down the slope by those two men, trusting to the ac companying crowd to help it onward, till others of the corps arrived. And yet, when the reel, . at tho foot of the hill, stuck in the heavy .mud, it was actually, the discreditable fact that, even upon applica. ? tion, the bystanders declined to lend a hand in a oase of bo much urgency. Of course, the de serving are not the lesB worthy for the presence among them of the unworthy, and it is a very great pity that the names of .such pitiable per sons could not be publicly, stated, eo that they might meet the scorn and contempt they so richly: merit. Mb. Chapman's Entertainment.— The letter signed 'Spectator,' which appeared in our columns yesterday, was attended with a result diametrically opposite, to that apparently in tended by its writer, in the matter of giving a fillip to public attention. Tho comments upon that epistle were very marked, and the running cross-fire of speculation audible throughout the hall in the evening, prior to the withdrawal of the curtain, at length took the form of several wagers being laid upon the question as to whether there would be an entertainment or not, the odds being upon tho ' to be' at fire to two. Though to the originator tho entertainment of lttBt night could scarcely be considered a success in a pecu niary point of view, on account of the limited number present, jet the hearty applause, testi fying to the appreciation of the performance! and tho entire absence of the blase apathetic lisllessness which bo painfully marred the success of the previous entertainment, must have gone far towards consoling Mr. Chapman for the difficulty previously experienced in his attempts to overcome the chilling, inert gravity, from which all his endeavors to raise even the ghost of merriment fell back powerless. Before commencing, Mr. Chapman in a few words, satirically adverted to the attack made upon him by ' Spectator,' and pointing out tho difficulty of a successful issue to certain of the illusions unless a certain number of spectators were togother near him, he desired tho occu pants of the gallery to favor him with their presence in the body of tbe hall, as suggested to him so pointedly and publicly ; deprecating, however, as under peculiar circumstances, the animadversions such an arrangement would be sure to excite. ' Willie' was in excellent cue on this oocation— thenervousnoss attendant upon his bo very recent assumption of the role of ' familiar' being quite sufficient to account for a previous mishap — and standing in the body of the hall, so as to demonstrate that chango of position did not influence tho correctness of his replies, carried through the part assigned to him in a very satisfactory manner. It may be here remarked that Thursday next being tho last day of Mr. Chapman's exhibition, as also his benefit, a change of programme will be announced fur that day, when it is to be hoped that a better house will respond to the invitation. Retubn to the Colons op M. Thozet. — The Northern Argus makes tho following remarks respecting tho return of tho above gentleman to the scene of his long and benoftcia] exertions in the cause of agricultural and com mercial advancement : — Itis with much pleasure that we welcome back to Rockhampton our old townsman, M. Thozet and his family |lrom Europe, where they have boon for tbe laBt two and a-half years ; they returned to Rock hampton in the Egmont from Sydney. While in Europe M. Thozet has done a deal of good for Roekhampton, bringing it under the notice of the Ererieh Government, who have serious idous of connecting Roekhampton, the nearest port, with New Caledonia by telegraphic cable. M. Thozet pointed out to tho French Ministry the advantages Rockhampton had over Sydney for supplying New Culedonia with what they want in tho uliapo of animal food, and its supe riority, compared to Sydney, for mail communi cation now that tho Torres Straits route ia to be adopted. Tho Messageries Imporialoa Oo. are likely to place a steamer on the line, calling at Java and Kcppol Bay, thence to Now Caledonia which will be a vast service in keeping open the trade with the ' Straits.' M. Thozet pointed out to the French Government that direct shipment wbb tin fait accompli with England to Rockhampton, bo that New Caledonia could be supplied at as cheap a rate as at Sydney, tho former port being the natural one for com munication with tho continent of Australia, M. Thozet has boon of great service to the district by bringing Rockharapton into such prominence, and we certainly considor that he deserves the cordial thanks of the people for so doing. He has done a deal of good for us in pointing out the advantages of our port, and we have little doubt but that great bonofit will result therofrom. 