NEWS BY THE MAIL. NOTES J? THE MONTH. '(MlOM.iOUIt.OW-N CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, JAN. 18. The most notable event of the month is the death of the Emperor Napoleon, who expired suddenly,.aa-it is now known, from the effects of an operation of dithering on the 9th of January. His death was quite unexpected, the bulletins to the last being hopeful, and encouraging the belief that the operation had been successful. It is reported that when the news? was first announced to the Empress, she exclaimed, Ce n'est pas possible !" There was not time to summon the Prince Imperial to see his father before he was a corpse, and the agony of the poor lad, I am told from private sources, was most intense. His first act on being admitted into the room where the corpse was lying was to throw himself upon it, and to recite the Lord's Prayer in Latin. He afterwards raised his hands to his head, and remained in this attitude speechless for some moments, so that the bystanders thought at first he was mad. Recovering himself, he burst into a flood, of tears. The feeling excited throughout this country was very great, and of surprising universality. It has received due expression in the newspapers, the tone of which, with very few exceptions, has been most creditable, and in striking contrast to that of the French press. In Paris the last result of the news was most significant, but hardly complimentary The Houses rose 15 centimes ! Imperial Caesar dead ; there was no other effect produced in the country he had ruled for 20 years than a better feeling on the Bourse Alas, for the vanity of human ambitious It is hardly two years and a half since six millions of Frenchmen proclaimed their undiminished faith in the saviour of society, that fatal vote which brought on the war, and was the cause of all the woe. To-day there is scarcely any so poor as to do him reverence, outside of his small circle of personal friends, immediate dependents, and "gladiators," But I need not moralise over a theme which has furnished the pen of all the public scribes of Europe with a subject for preachment, especially as all this will be said to you when it arrives. I may contribute a few items, however, from personal or special sources concerning the dead Emperor and his last moments. One thing his death under the operation confirms, and that is, that during that dreadful day at Sedan and before the Emperor must have been suffering acutely from his disease, and the wonder is that he was able to sit on a horse at all as he did for several hours in his last battle. Another thing we are assured of, and that is, however the operation for the stone may have terminated, he must have died in a very few months from disease of the kidneys. Up to the last, however, the Emperor would not believe in the near prospect of his decease, and I am informed on good authority that he was seriously planning another descent on the French coast, preparations for which had been actually made in advance. Such a design would have been quite in conformity with his character and less Ideas Capo leçnieiiiies. Whether it would have succeeded or not,, must for ever remain an unsolved problem, I believe that if the " return from Elba " , had been postponed another six months, there would have been a fair chance of its success. By that time M. Thiers and the Thirty would have worked out their quarrel to its legitimate results, and the nation would have been ripe for another change. There is very little doubt that a large majority, of the army, including the superior officers, are still Bonapartists at heart and after all, Sedan was not much worse than Waterloo. There wasnearlyasmuch populardeteatation of the uncle after his defeat as of the nephew after Sedan, and yet those who talked of bringing back " the tyrant" in chains to Paris before many days had joined his advance. No one can say what would have happened had Napoleon the Third suddenly appealed at Boulogne once more. But with his death all the speculations of a Bonapartist restoration are at an end. I believe the Bonapartists have agreed to abandon the game for the present as altogether hopeless. This is proved by the fact that the son is to them the Prince Impel sat still, and has not been hailed as Napoleon the Fourth. The elia laclerand physique of this young lad seem to correspond to those of the Duc de Heioli stands. He is of an emotional temperament and of feeble organisation, stunted in growth, nanow-chested, with long nose out of proportion to his head and his height, He is said to be clever in respect to intellect, but he has at present courts abused none of the qualities essential in a Pretender who desires to extinguish that title. I have seen him at Chiselhurst, and was struck with his heavy, princely appearance. I saw the dead Emperor also on the day of the lying-in-state, which was a most impressive sight. The aspect of the face was ghastly, The features pinched, and hollow, cheeks fallen in, and the face generally looked shrunken and uncanny. The proximity of the gorgeous ornaments and orders gave it a horrible air of decay and the embalming process seemed to have been only indifferently successful. As a ceremony the lying-in-state may be said to have been very successful, some 20,000 people having assembled to pay their last homage to the once arbiter of Europe, whose behaviour was in every respect most creditable. The funeral procession of the next day was even more impressive by its plain- ness and solemnity. It is now all over, and we can afford to do justice to the character of the remarkable man who has passed away. Had he died at Sedan, in the midst of the hideous rain and perdition which over- took his system, the tale would have told better in history. Dying at Chiselhurst, in his plain English home, he is naturally an object of greater sympathy to Englishmen than to Frenchmen. So far as we are concerned, we cannot but regard him as on the whole, a friend of England, who stood by us honestly on more than one doubtful occasion, and who knew this country and its people better perhaps than any Frenchman over did. By one who knew him intimately, I have heard the late Emperor described as a man of the kindliest disposition and of the finest judgment, but cursed with a fatal irre- solution, which marred his best projects, and distorted the popular view of his character. This is, I believe, as near the truth as any portrait which can be given. Physically the Emperor, I am assured, was of a far less imposing appearance than has been imagined. His real height was barely 5ft. 4in. of English measure, although from his breadth of chest and large head and face, he appeared several inches taller. On horse back, or sitting, in which positions his short legs were not conspicuous, he always seemed a man of average stature, and the only time I ever saw him close he reminded me irresistibly of a certain popular colonel of the Victorian local force, to whom Napoleon the Third born in his face a striking like ness. But enough of this mortuary business. As over the bier of the Shakspearian king, we may say "Vex not his ghost: O, let him pass! He makes him much That would upon the rack of this tough world Stretch him out longer." What the effect upon France will be of his decease it is too early to say. Apparently the first result is to consolidate and unify the two branches of Royalists. The " fusion," so long talked about, is said to have really taken place. Many of the Bona- partists, despairing of their cause, have transferred their allegiance to the Bourbons. In the meantime, M. Thiers lives for ever, and display"s an astonishing toughness, only equalled by that other old gentleman at Rome, now sore beset by troubles in Germany. the home topic of greatest interest has been the Central Asia question, which has experienced a sudden revival by the mission of CounfcSchouvaloff to England, and is now served up, daily in the newspapers. The air is full of rumours of Russian in- trigues and horrid names of barbarous places, exercising the British tongue a good deal in the pronunciation, and people talk of the Ameer and the Sir, of Badakshan and Khiva and Attruk as though they knew them like Pentonville or Paddington. That there is something stirring in this quarter is tolerably certain, though it is difficult to make out from the contradictory utterances of the Ministerial papers what is the matter. Some tell us that Count Schouvaloff has gone quite satisfied-a piece of news which would be more agreeable if we knew what Count Schouvaloff had come about. Anon we hear that Count Schouvaloff has returned discomfited, that the British lion has at length been aroused, and that Lord Granville, timid and yielding up to the Black Sea, has been firm about the Oxus, and the Government will stand no nonsense about the valley of the Attack. One day The Times speaks quite amiably of Russia as a sort of brother missionary of England, engaged in the pious work of civilising the Turkey Greece, and the next the same intelligent and consistent organ breathes fire and war, and talks of appealing to the. sword to decide the controversy. I suppose we shall know how the affair stands. at the opening of Parliament. Meanwhile there is a good deal of anxiety as to the state of our relations with Russia, in the midst of which we are not comforted by the intelligence that our old friend Admiral Popoff has been engaged, by favour of the authorities, in a minute examination of the Devastation, and the other big ironclads at Portsmouth. The condition of the working classes continues to be a grave source of national anxiety.- The last strike is that of the coal. here and ironworkers in Wales, who to the number of 100,000 have gone out on a point which the masters declare that they cannot possibly concede. People are asking why the ballot is not made use of by these men to decide whether they shall go' on strike or not. The only reason for not adopting this device, so precious in political affairs, must be of course that the majority would always vote in the negative, if they could do so without being exposed to the consequences of their independence. How all this is to and no, one can say, but it is the most serious symptom in the present state of England. Wages were never so high, but work was never so ill-done, and the workmen never so unthrifty, idle, and pro- Legatees at the present moment. The evil is that the consequences fall not only on the masters but on the general community, and on the working classes, of course, finally, as much as on any'. Of topics interesting to colonists I may mention that the indefatigable Mr. Youl has been engaged in sending off another batch of salmon ova by the Oberon to New Zealand. It is satisfactory to learn from this gentleman's letter to The Times that something like a young salmon has at last been caught in the Derwent. It is extraordinary that so long a time should have elapsed without positive testimony to the presence of the salmon in Tasmania. If Judge Francis has been able to examine a mould taken from the Derwent, it is clear that the fish must have been in the river from the beginning. But why, then, has no one been able to catch them? If England ; there is a good deal of scepticism on the' subject, and I have heard scientific men go so far as to deny the possibility of salmon existing in any waters of the southern hemisphere which is absurd. Sir James M'Culloch, as you will have known ere this, has consented to take charge of the Victorian agency until the end of March. He returns to the colony in April. Mr. Cashel Hoey still acts in the place of secretary. The death of Mr Sargood, a member of the agent-general'S board of advice, has been announced. The late editions of yesterday's evening papers horrified us with the news of the sinking of the Northfleet, with more than 300 souls on board, off Dungeness. She was bound to Hobart Town, and was conveying a number of navvies, with their families, to be employed on the Tasmanian railways. The catastrophe was caused by a foreign steamer coming into the Northfleet while at anchor, and cheering off immediately without waiting to give assistance. Up to the present time, nothing is known about the offending vessel, although £100 reward has been effected by the Board of Trade, and an equal sum by the owners of the Northfleet for her discovery. When found nothing less than hanging should be the punishment of the inhuman wretch who deliberately steamed away while 300 human beings were downing from the consequences of his negligence. FRANCE. (FROM OVER OWN CORRESPONDENT;.) PARIS, JAN. 25. "Napoleon III. died yesterday, Thursday, at Chiselhurst." Such were the terms in which the Journal Officiel of the 3rd inst. noted down tidings which, six years back, would have created a wide-spread sensation throughout Europe, and which to-day announce merely one of those vulgar events that attract attention for the moment, and which on the morrow are forgotten. It is not my province to relate in these lines the illness and death of the ex Emperor, nor to describe the ceremony of his funeral, and all the trappings of woe that accompanied him to the grave. Your readers who doubtless desire to be acquainted with those details which ever interest UB when they relate to men who have played an important part on this world's stage-will find ample satisfaction for their curiosity in the perusal of the English papers, nor shall I endeavour to pass in this letter an opinion upon his reign. The hour of impartial justice has not yet struck for him and all that can be said at the present momoiitis.that after a bad beginning he has made a bad end. But if the beginning of his reign was guilty, and its end disastrous, it is but just to acknowledge that its mid-day was not inglorious nor without lustre. He has left France humbled and diminished, but he had given her 15 years of unheard of material prosperity, and a grandeur which, unfortunately, was more apparent than real. Had it not been for the final catastrophe, to him might have been applied the lines of a con temporary', speaking of Richelieu: "He did too much harm for us to speak well of him he did too much good to allow us to say aught ill." The main point-and, allow me to say, the most practical at the present moment to state the impression produced in France by the death of Napoleon, and the inmunice this event has on the situation of the Bonapartist party, and consequently its effect on the Government and the country at large. First of all I must tell you that the Government has been painfully alive to the manifestations of sympathy shown by the Royal family of England on the death of Napoleon III., and above all at the presence of the corps diplomatique at the Imperial obsequies. Nor do the Ministers dissemble their dissatisfaction thereat. M. Thiers has had before him the reports of the ceremonies observed at the funeral of Charles I. and that of Louis Philippe. Charles X died at Gorlitz, far from the capital of Austria ; but as that city was not resided in by any diplomatic agent, the question of the presence of the corps diplomatique was not even mooted. The captain who commanded the district of Goritz alone attended the funeral, with the City Guard and the officers of the garrison. But on the other hand all the Courts of Europe went into mourning ; England for 16 days; Austria, Prussia, Spain, Saxony, and Bavaria, for three weeks ¡ Russia and Denmark for 24 days; Naples and Ttfodcna, then ruled over by princes of the House of Bourbon, for six weeks; another Bourbon, Don Carlos, who at that time held the Biscay provinces of Spain, in the same way as his grandson holds them to-day, for three months in France, the Royalists went into mourning for six months, but they were unable to have funeral masses celebrated with the full ceremonial, it having been forbidden by the authorities. Nor was anything more natural than these demonstrations. Charles X. was the representative of the principle of legitimacy and Divine right, under which all Europe, with the exception of England, was then governed. For the sovereigns who continued to call him brother-a title which they refused to bestow on his successor to the throne of France-the exile of Gorlitz was still king of France and Navarre, and etiquette prescribed the same ceremonies as if his demise had, taken place in the Tuileries. Things were not at all the same at the obsequies of Louis Philippe king, not by the grace of God, but by the will of the nation. Those courts, called of the family, are., allied by marriage to the house of Orleans, Brussels, Naples, and Madrid, alone wore mourning, and no other Ministers than those of the three courts just mentioned were present at the funeral ceremony, which took place at Claremont. Now, at the White House, in Versailles, complaints are rife that whereas Louis Philippe's obsequies were celebrated like those of a private gentleman, the, openly expressed opinions and marked attention of the Royal family of England have given to the Emperor's funeral the appearance of Royal obsequies, and it seems to have been forgotten that the ex-Emperor was a discrowned monarch, and therefore nothing more than a private gentleman. Our Government would also seem to have felt some disquiet at the somewhat considerable number of requests made by officers of all ranks to be allowed to be present at the Emperor's funeral. Very few of these are quests have been granted, and the refusal has been accounted for in a letter published in the papers from the War Minister to Marshal M'Mahon, saying, "that whilst those motives of respect and gratitude to the Emperor proclaimed by the solicitors are easily entered into and admitted by the Minister, it is not the less true that so numerous a manifestation would appear a collective act, and the army would seem to give up its purely military character and to take a share in politics." In, the same letter, the Minister laid great stress upon the necessity of a severe watch being kept over the camps and barracks in order to prevent the army from taking a share in any political manifestations whatever, made with a view to set up the Prince Imperial in the light of the lawful successor of his father is., to contest the authority of the sole Government legally acknowledged in France. Not that such manifestations, even were they allowed to have their own way, would be for our Government a serious danger for once the Emperor dead, the Empire is a thing of the past, and its return is no longer to be feared and that because the Empire was the Emperor, and its institutions were nought else but he. Such is the opinion find prevailing in France. Whilst he lived an Imperial restoration was a bare possibility ; nobody deems it possible to-day. Abroad, where people are peradventure better placed to form a correct idea of our affairs, the same opinion peeps out in the judgment pronounced by the European press on the reign of Napoleon the Third. England and Russia in general speak of him with a certain amount of sympathy England, because he ever remained to her a faithful ally, and shared her ideas as to the advantages of free trade ; Russia, because she felt grateful to him for not having carried to the utmost lengths the advantages he obtained over them in the Crimean war, and for his putting an end to the war, despite the protest of England. Coi many holds her peace, or only deals in generalities. Italy, on the contrary, pro- claims around her gratitude to Napoleon the Third, and a public subscription has been opened, and will speedily and generously be complied with, in order to erect a monument to the " Promoter of Italian Unity." Allow me to quote here a passage of the Perseverance (the leading Italian paper), which most accurately expresses the divergence of opinions on this and that side of the Alps c-The French see in Napoleon only the man who held them some 20 years in a grasp of iron, and then led them into disastrous war. We Italians see in him, nor can we see anything else, but the man who set on foot Italian freedom, passed the Alps, and ventured for that end his throne and his life. In the eyes of the Italians the man assumes a completely exceptional and ideal character, especially when the consequences of his policy are considered the rights of nationali- ties introduced into European politics, the temporal power of Papacy done away with, the creation of a new and powerful state in Europe." Whether in this outburst of Napoleonic sympathy from the Italians there is not some mixture of a little bad humour against the present Government of France, I would not pledge my word, although thePerscveranza, and all the papers which chime in with it, protest that it is not so. " In the homage," says LaNazione, we pay to a French monarch there is not the slightest hostility against the French Re- public. Was not the man we have such good reason to extol a monarch and can that character be taken away from him? Nor must it be thought that the Italians take no account of the service done them by the French army, for the cemeteries of Magenta and Solferino prove the contrary." The same reasons which have roused the sympathy of Italy have also brought out the hostility of Austria. The Vienna papers are filled with invectives against the deceased Emperor, whom they call "the last of the Mohicans of the Napoleonic dynasty." They bear hard on him for having introduced into modern politics that same principle of nationalities, which, if it has made Italy one, is a permanent danger for Austria, of whose dismemberment it is the forerunner. "Napoleon III.," says the press of Vienna, has been the evil genius of Austria still more than that of France." Concerning the last dispositions taken by the ex-Emperor, nothing positive is known, except that he had made two wills, one in 1899, the other in 1865, both of which were deposited by him with his notary at Paris, neither of them containing any political clause, though the second, to say the truth, a mere codicil, gives a few directions concerning the education of the Prince Imperial. A short time before the death of Napoleon, his notary wrote to him to inquire if he wished these two wills to be sent to him. The Emperor wrote back to keep them, and only to send the Empress's will which was likewise deposited in M. Moc quard's office. Since that time no other will; not even a codicil, has been made. The Empress and Prince Imperial will for the present remain in England, whereas Princess Clotilda and her husband have gone back to Italy. The authorisation solicited by the latter to come to Paris in order to defend his petition before the Parliamentary committee charged with its examination, has been refused. The report of the committee will be laid before the House to-morrow or on Monday next. You doubtless remember that the Prince appeals to the Assembly against the measure of expulsion which was taken against him by the Executive, and demands that the measure be declared null and void. M. Thiers, called before the committee, spoke out plainly, declaring that his presence could not be allowed upon the French territory for reasons of state policy. There was, it is true, no law of banishment pronounced against the Bonaparte family, \- but the National Assembly has pronounced their dethronement in a law, and that law sufficed to authorise his expulsion. Otherwise the fallen princes would only have to leave the Tuileries for the Palais Royal, to take a refuge in the Grand Hotel, or in some gentleman's country seat, and there employ their leisure time to agitate the country. The law, therefore, condemns the princes of the family to leave France. The restoration went further still, for orders had then been given to take the Bonapartes into custody wherever they were found. Under Louis Philippe the same course was adopted. "I myself," said M. Thiers, under the Government of King Louis Philippe, was obliged to interpose, in order to obtain for Prince Jerome and his son leave to reside in France. The situation is still the same. The Prince would become the centre of the Bonapartist manoeuvres. We thought it our duty to expel him." Such is the language held by M. Thiers before the Committee of Peti- tions, and you may be sure that he will speak in the same terms in the presence of the whole House, if in the interval the Assembly has not resolved to exclude M. Thiers from all Parliamentary debate. For that is the question mooted at the present moment in the famous Committee of Thirty, who have been charged to present a bill to regulate the attributions of public officers and the conditions of Ministerial responsibility." The majority, who dread the influence of the President of the Republic's eloquence over the Assembly, wish to prevent him from speaking, and lay down as a principle that the President shall no longer communicate with the Assembly otherwise than by message that nevertheless, in debates upon bills he shall be heard whenever he announces by letter his wish to be so ; but he is never to reply to an interpellation upon politics. Is M. Thiers the man to accept such a situation ? Perhaps if, by so far yielding to the majority-yet it must be a heartburn for him -he may gain time, and maintain things in their present state till the completion of his task-the deliverance of the territory. The Journal Officiel announced, a few days back, that a payment of 150 millions of francs, the first instalment of the fourth milliards of the war indemnity, was paid over to the German Government on the 16th, 17th, and 18th of the present month. The other instalments are to be told down from month to month, in fractions of 150 millions, so as toavoidamonetary crisis. Aboutthelöth of August the fourth mill.ard will be completely paid, and the Government will then be able agreeably to the treaty of Frankfort, to enter into negotiation with a view to procure certain financial securities, i.e., the guarantee of a certain number of bankers and establishments of credit, which, if they were deemed sufficient by Germany, would permit the latter to withdraw her troops from our territory before the total payment of the fifth and last billiard. Maybe the Government will not even need to negotiate for that purpose, the punctuality with which the loan is paid in having on the 21st of November placed in its hands the sum required to acquit this fifth milliard. Such is the patriotic undertaking the fulfil- ment of which M. Thiers has at heart, and to whose success he will make many a sacrifice : nor would his success be difficult, thanks to the admirable resources with which this country is endowed, if the different parties with whom he is incessantly at strife in the Parliament were to show the same prudence and the same self- denial as he does. But, alas their sole care seems to be to put spokes in the Government wheels, heedless of what may happen to the country. Take, for instance, the unlucky affair of the Afternoons, which might have brought on a quarrel, and who knows ? a war with Italy, and consequently with Prussia. The Very. toque is a war frigate, stationed at Civita Vecchia, and placed at the disposal of the French ambassador to the Pope, to serve, should need be, as a refuge to the Holy Father if compelled by circumstances to leave Rome. This precaution alone might have appeared insulting for the Italians, who have not the least idea of persecuting him. But in this Roman affair, absurdities and contradictions of all kind abound. You are aware that the French Republic has two diplomatic representatives at Rome-an ambassador charged to keep up friendly relations with the Vatican, where the Pope holds his court ; a Minister plenipotentiary whose duty it is to perform the same offices at the Quirinal, the court of the King of Italy the former holding a sumptuous palace in the Square of the Holy Apostles, " the second residing on a modest second floor flat near the forum of Trajan. The ambassador, though not residing in the Vatican, but in the very midst of Rome royal, keeps up revelation whatever with the king ; were he to pay him only a simple visit, he would be probably most graciously received, but he could then no longer continue his functions with the Pope, for the Pope would most undoubtedly refuse to see him any more. As to the Minister plenipotentiary, the King would willingly allow him to go to the Vatican, but the doorkeepers of that holy place would as undoubtedly shut the door in his face. Although the two statesmen have officially on excellent terms, it was impossible, as the saying is, that the club should be in the same tone. They are, in reality, the representatives of two distinct and even hostile states, The duty of each of them is to run counter to each other's politics. Whilst things were in this state, Christmas and New Year's Day came on apace. The am bassador M. de Bourgoing, instructed the commander and staff of the Veronique to be ready to accompany him to the Vatican on the 25th of December to compliment the Holy Father, that, of course, without paying any attention to the Quirinal, merely to give oneself a little spiteful satisfaction. A body of officers, the staff of a man-of-war, accompanying an ambassador of France on an official visit, is neither more nor less than hoisting the French flag. The end in view was the following :-The French flag coming to Rome, the capital of the kingdom of Italy, and saluting the Holy Father, but passing un- ceremoniously before the King; that this may offend and alienate from us the Italians -a nation which, whether we will or not, we must henceforward look upon as of some value, and should perhaps be very glad to find one day on our side is no doubt a trifle, and not worth our caring for. Fortunately, our Minister for Foreign Affairs was not of this way of thinking, and he gave orders that the officers of the Veronique should pay their respects to the King as well as to the Pope. This displeased M. de Bourgoing, who forthwith sent in his resignation. The legs- pianists and clericals of the Assembly get angry', and propose to call upon the Government to explain the acceptance of M. de Bouigoing's resignation. Perhaps you will think this was an excellent occasion to get out of an awkward situation, and to put things in their right place-to have only one representative at Rome, since there is only one political state. M". de Bourgoing going away, all that was to be done was to let him go, and above all to give him no successor. A single auditor of the Rose is quite sufficient to settle all religious matters-the only ones we have to treat with the Pope. Such, indeed, is the language of logic and good sense. But good sense and logic are not always called in to settle the affairs of this world, in politics especially, and M. Thiers has deemed it more expedient to maintain the twofold representation, and has appointed as successor to M. de Bourgoing a diplomatist who is personally agreeable to the Pope, but on whom he thinks he can rely. His choice has fallen on M. de Corcellas, who has already filled several missions at Rome, and had already taken possession of his post when the interpellation came on. Of course it missed fire, and silence has again gathered round this unfortunate question of Rome. But how long is this to last ? Let us now pass on to the chapter of accidents for this month ; politics do not offer much resource. Several princes of the Orleans family, with the Duke of Nemours at their head, were present this year at the funeral service celebrated on the 21st of January in memory of Louis XVI. They never were so present before this year. You will remember that the grandfather of the princes, Philippe Reality, was one of the conventional who voted the king's death, and the fact has been the more remarked as it coincides with certain rumours which have been life for some days past of the complete fusion between the two branches of the House of Bourbon. The hearts of the Monarchists exist, and are full of joy. Let us leave them to their joy. Now I mention the Orleans, a great number of newspapers speak of the approaching marriage of the Duke of Aumale, a widower and bereaved of his two sons, with the widow of the Duke of Luynes. ThoDeLuynes are one of the first families of France-if not by ancient lineage, they are so at least by talent and wealth. The duke died gloriously in the ranks of the quondam Pontifical Zouaves during the last war against the Prussians. The last remaining marshal's wife of the Restoration, the Countess of Lauriston, has just departed this life at the age of 104. She had been a widow ever since 1828. Her husband was grandson to the younger brother of the famous Law. Another death which has created some sensation amongst the Parisian ton is that of the Dake of Medina Cail. I don't think there exists in all Europe a personage possessed of more titles than he was. He was six times a duke, 10 times a marquis, and 12 times a count. He was more than all that, for he was the last and undoubted offspring of the royal race of Don Pelagius, who first began to wrest Spain from the thraldom of the Moore. The Spaniards have been in quest of a king for these last seven years; if legitimacy had been taken into account, they should in good sooth have applied to the duke, for his forefathers had ruled Spain for ages before the Bourbons came to be known in the world. The duke had married one of the prettiest women of all Spain. At the last exhibition of painting a portrait of a noble lady, the Duchess of Medina-Coli, a beautiful brunette, was much admired. She it was who, with the Empress, brought for some time into fashion the Spanish costume among our Parisian fair ones. She was much courted, and a saying of here has been quoted which seems a stanza taken from the Romancero:-"It would not be good for a well-bred man to remain alone with me without paying me a compliment. Before six minutes had elapsed I should have rang the bell, and at the seventh he would have been turned out of doors by my servants." The learned world has lost Baron Charles Dupin, a peer of France under Louis Philippe, a senator of the second empire, and a member of the institute or academy of moral and political science. He was brother to the great Dupin, renowned as a politician, a jurisconsult, and a punster. General Trochu, who had already retired from politics and given up his seat as a member of the National Assembly, has also requested to be pensioned off as a general of division. As, according to the French law, generals of division having held a chief command in presence of the enemy are maintained, without any limit of age whatever, on the staff of the army, and cannot without their own consent be pensioned off, this personal request of the President of the former Government of National Defence was absolutely necessary to allow the Minister of War to strike out his name from the army list. General Trochu, who is only 57 years of age, has withdrawn to Toms, where he occupies his leisure hours in writing his memoirs, which, I am assured, will shortly be published, under the title of "History of my Life." I shall finish my letter by completing my last bulletin of the fashions. For walking out short dresses are always in favour ; the skirts are in faye or velvet, trimmed with flounces plaited, or en bills ; the polonaises, of the same colour as the skirt, are worn very long and much tucked up. The dolman (cloak) with wide sleeves is again this winter most fashionable; it is generally highly braided and edged with fur. As to the head dress there is no longer any difference between turbans and bonnets, except that the latter have ribbons. They are placed far back on the chignon, and are most frequently trimmed with light colours and flowers placed in the back knot. In the evening the polonaise is suppressed ; the dress is long, and trimmed like an apron, plaited, and behind, the skirt is covered with five or six flounces, and forms a train. 