®ij6 Wallaroo Cimts. WALLAKOO: SATURDAY, MARCH 15, 1873. The candidates for the vacancies in the legislative Council have not been dealing quite fairly by the electors in withhold ing their opinions upon all matters of public interest. The last candidate, it is true, Mr B. A. Tabetobt, at once saw the advisability of being somewhat more unreserved, and issued a manifesto con taining his political platform, but then he was the solitary exception. All that the majority thought necessary to tell was that in the opinion of their frieuds they were very desirable men to be returned to the Upper House, and affix the title of Honorable before their names. To. this idea the electors in Adelaide demurred, and requested the Mayor to call a meet ing for the purpose of trotting the candi dates out. Mr Ross framed an elaborate catechism for the Grumeraeha electors, tlie merits of which are somewhat ob scured by the difficulty that confronts in the shape of catechising candidates who will not speak- in public, nor condescend to reply in priut. The electors at Wal laroo met and resolved to wait and see 'whether the candidates would make any more explicit sign than the somewhat, bald appeal that their electiou addresses are. More than these contain, we sub mit, the electors liave a right to ask. Either this or public affairs are of no in teiest to them. How, under such cir cumstances, the}'- are to faithfully dis charge their duties as citizens and members of the community, by voting for the best men in the field, we do not see. Possibly, it may be concluded, some of the candidates, have no decided opinions, on the questions of the day, to put before the electors. Can itJ we wonder, that men can sit day day and year after year listening"^^ prosy speechyfying till they actually] forget what is passing around them? The thing may be conceived of. Mr' Bbig-ht described the House of Lords as being up in a balloon,. so unconscious did some of its members seem to be of -the wants and aspirations of the mass of the English people. Have we, then, any balloon men amongst our peers ? men who have been sleeping the sleep of "R.rp Van Winkle whilst the land ques tion has been settled, the tariff muddled, the road question toyed with, and the education question disgracefully left in the lurch ? Eosb's Catechism, as it was either facetiously or innocently termed, had one glaring defect in it that was almost past redemption. We will suppose, by way of illustrating our argument, that every question in it was of excellent degree and quality, and ought to be answered only in one way. Suppose again that the round dozen of candidates we may expect to see for the seven vacancies all answered correctly, what guarantee, we would like to know, would there be that the supposed measures of reform indi cated by Mr Boss are one iota nearer to fulfilment than they were ? And we may even go a little further than this. We will suppose that each candidate returned shall enter Parliament with an honest in tention to fulfil his election pledges. As a matter of fact we may know that hustings pledges are usually given just to tickle the ears of electors who have a satisfaction in hearing what they deem to be their opinions endorsed, before the light of day or the lamp, in the presence of as motley a group of individuals as it is possible to get together in an electoral district. It suits John Smith or some one else to be told for the ninety ninth time by an embryo M.P. that he has hit the nail exactly on the head, and if the world were but of his opinion all things would tumble into their proper courses as right as a rocket. The candidate often goes awny and laughs in his sleeve at the manner in which he has, what the Ame ricans term, " gulled the Bluenoses." But we were supposing that the candi dates for the Council all intended to honor their election manifestoes. Then there remains the question, that sup posing Mr Boss to be right, and the can didate to be honest, what are they likely to effect ? Are they not bound to an institution where quiescence must; reign supreme, inaction be unavoidable, j and reform be but a mere idle dream ? Mr Tablton, for instance, objects to the impolitic, loose, "and spendthrift manner in which onQ, Government after another, and one Legislature after another, allow roads to be nominally constructed and superficially maintained in the colony. Supposing him to be returned, what can he do towards the amendment of existing abuses ? Absolutely nothing unless he takes office. He, also, goes in for bonuses, which are a harmless delusion, always being voted and never claimed. The most that can be sa'id for them is that the practical people in the colony know they are but a childish compromise between the Legislature and its poor stricken ghost of a conscience- Parlia ment must appear to do something, and it agrees to a succession of bonuses that lapse and are then reinstated by some sapient legislator who has not yet learned the salutary wisdom to be found in the proverbial caution "not to teach your' grandmother to suck eggs." And, again, the House Mr Tablton aspires to a seat in has just as much to do with bonuses as the man in the moon. "What we have said surely points to the conclusion that before it can be of more than trifling importance who sits in the Council that body should be what it is not at the present time, viz., a power in the State. The proceedings of the Coun cil reported in Hansard are faithful and striking momentos of its impotence and sterility. At the present time it is even a matter of no moment whet he? the Ministerial representative in the TJpper Chamber has a devoted list of adherents or not. The political world of South Australia would wag along the even tenor of its way whether a vote of censure were passed upon the Chief-Secretary, in his own House, or not. In the cases of two Chief- Secretaries of recent date they have been neither a power iu the House nor elsewhere. The messenger of the Cham ber, dressed in plush, would have answer ed the purpose equally well. To remedy all this, and to make the Chamber a shade jnore useful, the childish Hyperborean remedy is recommended of assimilating to a certain extent the Council to ihe As sembly in everything but power by send ing a portion of its members back to their constituents every time the Lower House should come to an untimely end. To re commend that a third of the House of Lords should stump Great Britain on an tctioneering tour every time there was issolution of the Commons, would be a ■allel idea. A* e hold that it would be iter to give our Peer's power to throw out a tariff, framed as one recently pass ed was, in a spirit of " envy, hatred, malice and all uncharitableness." Let them have the right to' consign to the Waste Paper Basket or to " Balaam's Box," the thousand and one senieless Bchemes that the Lower House delights in for muddling away the proceeds of the national estate! Yes, let them have the power to assist m carrying out tlio re forms they know to be necessary. What manner of device they would conceive to be best for effecting this purpose we can not even guess. In. the first place we presume they would avoid bad coopauy in the Lower House, and also all Minis ters that were not similarly particular. Mr TauI/Eton, we are convinced, must know that no good can come from a lead ing Minister having a pack of hounds at his tail that no huntsmau of character would like to be seen in the same section with. We know all about the'old maxim which tells how necessary it is m passing through the worid successfully to turn crooked sticks as well as straight ones to account. But the line should be drtfwn somewhere. We do not believe that it will be of much consequence who shall be returned to Parliament until there has been some radical measure of reform in the constitution of both Houses. Does Mr B.OSS think that if he had put twice the number of questions in his catechism it would have disagreed with the digestion of some of our hon- members F We know it would not. They would swallow the pills and the box containing them for that matter. The next mail steamer leaving G-alle for King George's Sound will be the Sumatra. We observe that there have been heavy rains at Port Darwin, 13 inches having fallen since March 1. We observe that a special meeting of the Chamber of Commerce has been con veiled to con sider the Immigration question. The current number of the Government Ga zette contains the appointment of Mr James Hay, of Port Wallaroo, to be a Justice of the Peace. It is reported that some miners at Eagleliawk have recently found 400 diamonds that weighed 8 dwts., and are supposed to be wortli about £160. It will be observed by reference to an advertise ment that a meeting of the Yorke's Peninsula Race Committee will take place at the Exchange Hotel, Kadina, on Monday evening. We are requested by the auctioneer, Mr Jas. Lang, to direct attention to his sale by auction, on Monday, at Port Wallaroo, of Real Property, of Mr W. Bray. A coBBEsroupEsr of the Register writes to say that there are only twenty-three dummies in the Troubridge areas, and twenty of these have not made the slightest pretence to comply .with the conditions of the Land Act. The telegrams conveyed by the Anglo-Austra lian Line on Thursday brought the intelligence that the G-ladstone Ministry had been defeated over the Irish University Bill, the Irish mem bers having voted with the Opposition. The voting was 287 against Ministers and 284 for. Mb. T. Padman, agent to the Australian Mutual Provident Insurance Society, has been on the Pe ninsula duricg the past week, and has met with a very successful canvas, a large number of persons having been persuaded to insure their lives in the society which he represents. We are informed that a trotting match, for £20 aside, will come off, on the Racecourse, be tween Wallaroo and Kadina, on Monday, 17th March, between Oaty's " Peeping Tom" and Cartwright's " Coquet." Distance, five miles. Weights, 11 st. 7 lb. We acknowledge the receipt by the mail of the Printing Times—a journal that proposes to be come the organ of the Printing, lithographing. Engraving, &c.;, trades. There is a good deal of information in the Times of a character likely to be interesting to persons in the above trades and others of a twin character. We learn that on Saturday some miners hap pening to pass the workings of the Sout.li-East Doora Company, whilst looking at the burrow over which the stuff raised was being thrown, picked out several email specimens of copper ore from it. This was considered to be good news by the shareholders. At a preliminary meeting to the one convened by the Mayor in Adelaide for the candidates for the Council to undergo an examination, it was resolved that His Worship should be requested to provide chairs for the electors present, and also give orders for the exclusion of all boys. This was the most important resolution arrived at. We would direct attention to an advertisement appearing in our business columns by which it will be seen that a lecture on " the Arts of Au cient Egypt," illustrated by diagrams, will be' delivered by the Rev. W. Wilson, in the Odd fellows' Hall, Kadina, on Tuesday next, on behaU of the Kadina Institute. The Moonta Amateur Histrionic Club will give an entertainment in the Moonta Institute, on Tuesday evening next, for the sole benefit of Mr Bargwanna's band, who have assisted them lately in entertainments for charitable purposes. The programme will consist of "The Robber's Wife," an intereetn g interlude, smd conclude with the farce entitled " The Queer Subject." We acknowledge the receipt by the Mail of a number of the London Colonial News—a journal that has recently had several alterations effected in it for the purpose of making it peculiarly adapted to readers in the seven Australian colon ies. The London Colonial News is a broadsheet of the same size as the London Times. In it arc some very readable articles, and the price is but 9s per annum. The meeting at the Town Hall in Adelaide on Thursday evening was a success, Sir H. Ayers, and Messrs Hogarth, Mildred, Sandover, Hay, Everard, Fisher, Finnis, Coglin, Tarlton, and Homersham attending, and Messrs Tuxford and Duffield sending apologies. The meeting was adjourned until Monday evening when written replies to Ross's Catechism, received from several candidates, will bey ad by the Mayor. We are informed that applications for shareB in the Great Britain Mining Co. are coming in freely, shewing that the project is favorably re garded by the public. We are also informed, on good authority, that the proprietors have very good reason for believing that there is a miner to be found in the locality who will be able to point out a copper bearing lode in the higher part of the sections, distinct-from those reported on Ey~ Captain Price. It is slightly amusing to read of one of the tricks by which ingenious free- selectors baffle the fauoied ingenuity of our sapient legislators. When an area is thrown open a large portion of the best land in it is taken at a high rate. Then the selectors decline to take the sections they have chosen, and these are consequently thrown back upon tbe hands of the Government. Then the selectors quietly select them again on their own terms, other selectors not being aware of the little game. We perceive by a Sydney journal, that Mr H. Parkes, the New South Wales Premier, made some rather nastier remarks about his guests, the Intercolonial Conference Delegates, than was at first reported. In addition to charging them with a weakness for dining out—in fact lor good feeding and good wine wherever it was to be found—he made a mysterious joke about them having been " detected in a flagrant attempt to steal the plate, or run away with the spoons." This soft impeachment, we^also are informed, they denied, and, strange to say, rather resented. Sats the Ballarat Star—"The word gentle man is often applied in such a thoroughly inap propriate manner iu courts as to be extremely funny. " Me and this gentleman" is a common phrase for a prisoner to use of a mate in the dock, and witnesses of all classes frequently speak of the prisoner as "that gentleman." On Tuesday, at the City Court, there was a more than usually ludicrous instance of using the word as a misnonier when a boy, who gave his evidence clearly and intelligently, said, ' I saw that gentle man (the prisjnerJ and this here detective to gether.' " In country places, when the races are over, they have two sorts of settling. If a man does not settle in one way ha must in the other. This we state on tbe authority of the Wangaralta Dispatch, which gives the following as a conver sation which recently occurred in the township : —"' Were you at Moyhu Races ?' ' No.' 'Ah, you should have been there; they were first rate ; and as to the settling in the evening it was the best I ever was at.' ' How so ?' ' Why, for about three hours there was about the best solid fighting I ever saw; it was splendid good genuine hitting.' ' Ah, but you were not at ■ Beechworth.' " A gbeat many valentines with addresses bor dering on the obsceue, and with really obscene addresses, have, as usual (says the Geelong Adver tiser), been stopped this year iu their passage through the Post-Oftice, so that the intended bolts, have miscarried. There were big valentines .and little valentines, daubs, and works of art. Even dead mice, folded up like wedding cake, were 6ent through the post. A red herring, de corated with blue ribbons, and smelling highly, was esteemed a worthy valentine for a not over liberal person, whilst one young woman sent dolls, representing a baby, to different gentlemen, with the superscription, "Going to see papa," reminding one strongly of the old saying, that " it is a wise child that knows its own father." _ Ths Argus reports:—" A sample of stream tin, from Keotung Creek, about 35 miles from Alburv, and on the Victorian side of the Murray, has been brought under our notice, and it holds out hopes of a discovery as valuable as any which has been made in the northern parts of New South Wales, where tin mines have been opened. Two areas have been taken up on the right branch of the creek. According to the report of a miner who has examined the ground, the tin-bearing wash is from one to three feet deep, and from three to seven feet below the bed of the creek. Very little stripping need be done to reach the drift or wash. A yield of 20 to 30 tons to the acre is ex pected. The ore consists of very fine pebbles or very coarse sand, of a dull color, and the value of it is estimated at from £60 to £70 a ton." A DAY or two since a party of ladies and gen tlemen from Maryborough were. out (says the Advertiser) on a fishing excursion on the Loddon. The ladies were seated in the vehicle, the horse being taken out. Wearying of their piscatorial enjoyments the gentlemen betook themselves to ablutionary exercises, and had a swim to while away the time. But a storm arose. The wind blew in terrific gusts, and lo! and behold, on looking up from the water the bathers saw the buggy travelling, ladies in it and all, at a rapid rate, until it went—well, bang against the fence. Here was a go—men iu the water, locomotion of buggy on its own account, and " lovely woman in distress." There was nothing for it, however indilicate the situation, but to snatch up clothes, don garments, and go to the rescue. This having been done, the party proceeded home without -any further episode occurring. The Sydney Mail remarks :—" The following is given as an example of the highhandedness which magistrates sometimes display when their dignity is offended. The other week ' a woman named Webb was sentenced at the Sydney Cen tral Police Court to three months' imprisonment on a charge under the Vagrant Act of being idle and disorder y. As she left the court she re marked to the Bench, ' I hope before three months is over I shall see you in gaol.' Mr Evans (the magistrate addressed) had her brought back, and altered the sentence from three to six mouths' imprisonment. In other words, the momentary spasm of insolence received as severe a punishment as the gross breach of social pro priety with which she had been originally charged.' The Yass Courier, which draws at tention "to the cfise, cerlainly thinks ' that the magisterial dignity might have been satisfied with less severity, and (as regards taxpayers) more economy.'" We would direct attention to the Prospectus appearing in our business columns of the Great Britain Mining Company, formed to dcvelope some valuable copper bearing lodes known to exist near to the township of Wallaroo, and running almost parallel with the sea beach, in a southerly direction. The backs of the lodes can be traced for a long way on the surface, and the most casual inspection will shew large quantities of stones, stained green with copper, that may be pricked with a penknife from tbe surface of the lodes. Also, all around and about quantities of beautiful green carbonates may be picked up. Out of an old shaft sank on the property many years ago a considerable amount of valuable green carbonate was raised, thus proving that ore is there and only energy and capital is required to develope the mine. There is said to be, by those who know the place best, almost a certainty that the lodes would be found payable at quite a shallow depth, -it, " that as much encourage ment should be given ^o Ttio«i,elrie in Wallaroo as possible. Fat>ina is becoming every day a more active and flourishing township. There is a very large amount of building going on, and also other im provements are being rapidly made. This state of things is caused partially by the activity that pre vails in the mining market, and the value that some mineral properties, which two years ago were not considered worth a cent now possess. Local shareholders, by disposing of their interests to Adelaide and elsewhere, have been able to largely increase the amount of capital available for the employment of labor and other purposes, and one result of this has been as we have stated. Then there are numbers of farmers'teams coming daily, and as the owners of these require to take back with them stores, &c.;, the trade of the place thereby increased. Also there is no question that there are two or three mineral properties in the locality looking so " keenly " that apparently it is a mere question of time that ore will be cut in them. No doubt the discovery in the Devon Consols has had a beneficial effect, as by far the largest number of the shareB are held in Kadina. The Corporation of Eadina is making very fair progress with the work it has taken in hand, and there has already a vast improvement been ef fected by its labors. It is now engaged in a'work of considerable magnitude, that when completed promises to be of great benefit to the health of the township. Before, the water from about 30 acres to the north and 20 to the east, drained from ^ an elevation into the township, and then stood in | the streets making them almost impassable for | man or beast. The Corporation has put an open ! drain in each direction to catch this water, and these will converge to a corner outside where 11 inch pipes have been laid to shoot the water into a large culvert that will divert it towards the Go vernment tanks. This is the work of the Sur veyor, Mr T. Dixon, who is confident of carrying it out at half the price i t which it was tendered for. But the work is necessarily an expensive one. The Council is also having both Taylor and I Graves-Street thoroughly metalled, there being a good elevation in the centre to drain from into I the water tables. Certainly the Kadina Corpora- j i tion has discovered the secret rather of how to do it than the very common one of how not to do ! it. i A very good house greeted the members of the Moonta Histrionic Club on their appearance at the Wallaroo Assembly Booms, on Thursday evening. " Mr Bargwanna's excellent band accom panied them, and attention was particularly drawn to the entertainment by the music which the in habitants of the township were favored, as the streets were processioned before the hour when the doors were * opened. During the course of the evening the band also gave some capital music. We need not run through the whole of the programme as an elaborate critique on the performance, when given j elsewhere, recently appeared in our columns. The first act of " the Bobber's Wife" could scarcely be considered a success, but the second went off. decidedly better. This was followed by some very clever feats on the Trapeze and Roman. Hopes, and the two gymnasts were highly applauded, their efforts being quite equal if not superior to those of professionals. One or two capital songs were also given, and of these one was loudly encored. Afterwards a recitation was felt to be somewhat tame coming after good singing and clever feats; and the concluding farce "The Queer Subject," in two acts, went off well, and was much applauded by the audience. On the whole the performance was a great success. Oub South-Eastern contemporary, the Mount Gambier Standard, is attempting to raise a ghost | that it might reasonably have been hoped had been effectuaily laid. It is bewailing the rush of farmers across the Border to the lands open for selection in Victoria, because, says the Standard, Victorian land laws are more liberal than those of South Australia. In order to obtain an assi milation of the South Australian law to that of the sister colony, the Standard advises " the question should be vigorously taken up and agitated by public meetings all over the colony." What next, we wonder ? The extraordinary amount of selection that has taken place on ilio areas is a. sufficient proof that to South Australian farmers ' South Australian land is an attraction, and, in many respects, these most important ones, the South Australian Act is more liberal than the Victorian one. The reason that induces the rush reported, is we have cause to believe, a very different one to that supposed by our contempor ary- All over the colony the land formerly rent ed from private capital is being deserted for that offered by the Government on much easier terms. A man can now occupy land for nine years by paying a mere nominal rent for it. There are se lectors on some of the areas, who, we doubt not, have little iutention of ever completing their pur chases, but conclude that at the end of the nine years they may, if they choose, select again. The farmers alluded to in the South as going over the Border are, in most instances, we cannot doubt, old tenants of private capitalists who intend to pay a Government, they do not care whether South Australian or Victorian, much less rent than they have been paying to their former landlords. Any alteration of our land laws, unless it is to the effect that the land be absolutely given away, will not affect the change of residence we see going on. The Burra election is promising to be an in teresting one. The town correspondent of the Kapunda, Herald tells of a little incident con nected with it as follows:—" Through some in explicable circumstance, a momentous incident has been lost to history. I hear that a few days ago a passage at arms, unparalleled in the records of wordy warfare, occurred between Mr John Lindsay and Mr Rowland Rees. The daily papers aie silent on the subject—not having, I suppose, a reporter present—but the episode did neverthe less occur. As far as I can gather the politico gladiatorial display took place at a village called Steelton. Mr Lindsay, in his deliberate yet cut ting style, expressed some sort of pity for poor Rowland, whose banking oTerdraft had given him such trouble; whereupon the young engineer, who has a strong-reserve of ready- made philip pics, gave the ' young old man' such a roasting as be has not had "for many a day. Mr Rees flattered himself that he was a man of education (scathing ergo Mr Lindsay was not); that he was the Bon of an English gentleman (still more scathing ergo Mr Lindsay was not) ; and that he was not a loafer (culminating ergo that Mr Lind say was). Furthermore, the rampant young can didate stated that he could not see the difference between a loafer at the corner of the streets and a loafer at the Club, except that the one hung upon poor men's favors, and the other upon rich men's favors. Thus runs the report, which has not till now found its way into print. It is just possible that I have not piled it on strong enough to please Sir Rowland, but I must not exaggerate or sot down aught in malice, and bo I give no more than I heard. These little scenes are very edifying, and serve to relieve the monotony of the present dull season; but it is a pity that a true and particular account has not been fur nished to the newspapers, so that Mr Rees's polished irony may not be entirely lost to pos terity." The town correspondent of the Kapunda Herald writes re the Adelaide brokers " it is high time the Legislature took some action in regard to tliein. It is no uncommon occurrence for some of these gentlemen when they know that certain stock is going to rise—and to a great extent they wield this power of making a market rise or fall in their own hands—to buy into it, and of course they have the best opportunity of selling out their own venture first. In this way many of them have made large sums of money. Many cases have occurred in which a broker has had shares to sell—say at 30s each—and a eudden turn unknown to the owner taking place in the . market be has sold the stock at 35s or 40s, and pocketed the difference. Now this is dishonest, and Parliament should step in and insist that; a' - broker should act only as a broker, and not as a broker and jobber; and that he should give his | principal—whether the principal be buyer or - seller—the advantage of the market. In addition to this the fees should be fixed. At present they range from Id up to £1 or more per share. I have known instances in which the ordinary brokerage has been Is, and yet two or three brokers being concerned in a sale have had Is each. This should be put a stop to. If more than one broker is engaged in a transaction the ordinary fee connected with that transaction should be divided between them. A principal, as a rule, entrusts his business to one agent, who sometimes to facilitate business calls in another to help him. This is done without the know ledge of the principal, who should not therefore suffer because his broker can't effect a sale with out calling in the aid of another; but too' fre quently under the present system he is made to suffer, and that pretty stiffly sometimes. The business of the .Exchange is now becoming bo extensive, and the opportunities of defrauding* clients are bo frequent and easy, that legislative action is imperatively necessary. Of course some of the brokers are as honest as steel; but despite this, temptations should if possible be removed even from them. - A Bill, licensing brokers and distinguishing them from jobbers^-as well as fixing.' their fees, would be a boon to the community as well as a protection to the broker of upright character." The following letter, received from the Peak Downs Mine, has been received in Wallaroo by a wife from her husband. The letter was dated 26th January, 1873, and it speaks of a curious state of things in the Queensland Eldorado:— " I suppose by this time jou have received my letter and got over your surprise at my being back to Peak Downs again. I am very sorry to say that things are looking very bad here at present. It still rains almost without intermission, the country is almost a swamp, so that no teams travel. The Smelting Works are out and no pos sibility of them going in again unless the weather clears up. It has been raining for ,-the last fort night, and no signs of stopping yet. Old residents here say that there will be a flood before it stops,. if there is I do not know what will be done. for food. Since I wrote you last everything has been eaten that was in the place. I have been living on beef and a little cabbage foi the last fortnight,, and glad to get that. Some people have a little flour but they will neither Bell nor give it away. The mothers of families are going about from bouse to house with little bags in their liands try ing to beg a little flour to cook for their children. I know some that have had no bread for their children for the last fortnight. I never saw star vation before I came to Queensland. The bakers went out 15 miles to a dray that was camped, and got 3 bags of flour. I went to the bakehouse next morning at 5, but was told that as I did not give in my name on the previous day I could not get any. But before I left the mob broke the oven and took the bread in spite of the bakers. I never saw such a row before for bread. Last week the bakers got in five tons ; it was divided in 10 lb. lots to each family, and now that is done; and it is still raining so that we shall have to fall back to the cabbage again. You may thank God that you are in a land of plenty, for I am sure you would be heart-broken if you were here and heard the children crying for bread and none to give them. I am glad you are not here. I suppose you will eay what is the UBe of me stopping in such a country. My reply is,. I made one attempt to get out of it, and I am sure I will not tuake another until the rainy season is over. What with camping out in the rain, starving on the road, and starvation when I got. back to the Peak again, I am confident I shall never forget Queensland as long as I live." Another letter, from the same writer, was received to a similar effect, dated one fortnight later. The news by the Anglo-Australian Telegraph Line is of interest this week. The first item contains a synopsis of the Message of the Presi dent of the United States, and it is so rich that we are tempted to extract it in full from the columns of our daily contemporaries. It runs thus:—" President Grant, in his address to the United States Congress, affirms bis belief that the civilized nations of the earth are tending towards a republican form of government, and that the movement will not be weakened by territorial extensions. He is convinced, he says, that God is preparing the world to become one nation. His Government will endeavor to civilize the Indians, but if unsuccessful in that will extermi nate them." In what way it can be supposed the Prussians are preparing for a Republican form of Government we can form no idea. Neither is it clear in what manner tlie millions of Chinese, Hindoofl, and Japanese, &c.;, would re ceive the idea even of a Republic- Also, it might he imagined that the time when the world will become one nation may be set down at about; that of the millenium. Of course, from an Ame rican point of view, in the one nation America would hold supreme sway. Then, after speaking of God preparing the way for the whole world to become one nation, for the President to promise that if he cannot civilize the Indian he will ex terminate tliem does savor of a rather peculiar manner of forming the whole world into one nation. The Government of England, on the motion of Mr Plimsoll, the Conservative mem ber for Derby, promised to enquire regard ing the British Mercantile Marine, and any evils by which the shipping interest is affected. The German Government had de cided to retain possession of Belfort till the whole of the indemnity had been paid. 12,000 Ashantees, for some unknown reason, had invaded British territory, and will no doubt cause reprisals. In .the House ofr Comm jus, Lord Eustace Cecil, the Conservative member for West Essex, moved a proposition to the effect that the colonies should contribute according to their .population and wealth towards the defence of fhe empire. The proposition was opposed by Mr W. Fowler, the Liberal member for the Cambridge Borough, Mr Enatchbull-Hugessen, Under- Secretary for the Colonies, and Mr Glad stone. The motion was subsequently withdrawn. It was discovered .that the forged bills by which the London bankers had been defrauded, includ ing the Bank *of England, Rothschilds, Barings, the London and Westminster, the Union and Others were of American origin. Three of the foigers had been arrested, but Bome of the principals were at large. The English Government proposes to preseut a piece of plate of the value of £1,200 to each of the Swiss, Italian, and Brazilian Arbitrators who sat at Geneva. It was anticipated that the. Ministry would be defeated, over the Irish University question. The fall in the pricejof wool is consi derable, some of the brokers estimating that it amounted to 25 per cent./ since the February sales, for inferior descriptions. Copper was fully as dear, the quotations being £92 10s. The latest telegraphic news was that the Asliautee invasion was supposed to be in relation to the transfer of ISlmea. 