Horal ftimUmcncc. A Doublt Dakoerous Fbbak. — Some young scoundrel, on Thursday night last, about 9 o'clock, attempted a shameful trick with the view of fright ening timorous passers by. He possessed himself of a sheet and a pair of stilts, and, arrayed in the former, he waited behind one of the tree enclosures between Dr. Robinson's residence and the Pablic School^ the approach of some one upon whom to practice the effects of his ghostly numsnt For tunately for him these shortly appeared in the persons of two young women. Upon his appear ance one screamed, bat was sufficiently self possessed to run. The other, however, boldlv stood ber ground, and apostrophised the ghost with so weighty a stone in ber hand that fas dearly proved bis fleshly origin by declining to come too near, as the damsel's system of ' laying' spirits was not to his taste. If the 'ghost' makes a re-appeanuice, and there be a particularly muddy hole in the vicinity, probably some one will aae the sdvisableness of mixing such spirits with a little water. A odd bath, and supple switch to restore the drcolstion afterwards, are capital con junctive remedies for such freak* as these, of whioh the results might be very, serious to a timid female. Thb Footways or m Banna.— H the pros pects Of the ensuing dividend warrant the outlay, the' Bridge Company would do well to rapairtbe fastnlb mpoa either ride of the bridge. Tbls; walk npaa the off sds fa in a most condition, the planking in many cases being' 'abso lutely dangerous to act foot upon. - When crossing tbe cranky gangway passengers are disposed to in dulge in a little speculation as to whether the next etep will lead to an involuntary plunge into the river, a broken ankle, or merely tbe loss of a boot heel. We trust that the shareholders will ses the necessity of repairing their property before some rash director, atrong in tbe belief of the soundness of tbe company's timber, is gathered to his fathers while attempting to cross the structure. No other appeal, we for, will move tbem to action. Tub T ? ' Ths -on the mpany's jails for aoderate is used, has two 4lect two pools' v, ,,-wi ... .-w.--... - destrians in order to pass have t» walk afongone of the.outer joists of the bridge, clinging the while with des peration to tbe side-rail, or to wade through the water. Neither of tbe alternatives is 'pleasant for ladies who make use of the bridge. A few auger boles would probably remedy the evil. Lectubb vpok Astuonomv. — We observe that Mr. Levell, an amateur of the science, will lec ture upon Astronomy at tbe Meobauics' Institute, ou Monday, tbe 28tb instant. New Business. — On Saturday last Mr. E. Raud commenced IraeinesB as chemist and drug gist in the neat premises which have boen recently undergoing alterations for bim next the Masonic Hall. Tblkorapb Drpaiitm bnt. — Mr. T. Trader, who has been so long and favourably known in connec tion with the telegraph offico in this town, left en route for Bourke on Saturday last. He proceeds to bis destination via Echuca and Wentworth. As an iustauce of the high estimation in which he is held here, it may be mentined that a purse of fifty sovereiims was presented to him previous to his departure, the notice of which was singularly brief. Had it been otherwise the testimonial would have been, doubtlesB, of greater value. Insolvency Meeting.—' The first meeting la tbe estate of George HasBett waB yesterday ad journed till the 29th inst. Fashionable Departure. — A somewhat eccen tric character, well-known in Wagga Wagga under the self- adopted pseudonym of the 'Roving Irish man,' lias roamed a little too far, and now ac knowledges for alma mater, tbe interior of the gaol. The ' rover ' was brought up on Saturday last at the Police Court charged with using obscene language, for which offence he was lined £1 with the alternative of a week in gaol. In tbe abscence of the necessary funds be elected to submit himself to the guardianship of Mr. Mouteitb, but when in the lock-up, iprior to hiB removal, he evidently considered that his 'footing paid' he could exer cise his tongue as he liked. So loud did he in dulge iu profanity that the passers- by could hear bim, and he was forthwith re-escorted into Court upou a second charge. The penalty was 15 or three months in gaol, for which period Wagga Wagga will fortunately know bim not. A Wanton Outrage. — Ou Saturday night last at about 11 o'clock, some specimens of the inter esting genua ' larrikin,' committed a gross out rage at a Chinese store opposite tbe Royal Hotel, Newtown ; the window of the Btore being com pletely smashed. Not only were the panes of glass broken, but the lighter wood work of the sashes was also considorably damaged. If tho police should not succeed in bringing the offenders to justice, it is to be hoped sharp surveillance will be exercised for the future in this quarter which has recently been the scene of two gross outrages. The Young Public School. — We learu that the foundation stone of the public school at Young will be laid upon the 13th August, and the Hon. Henry Parkes has acoepted tho invitation of tho Board to preside at tho ceremony. Our friends at Young will hold a meeting on tbe 24th instant, for the purpose of making tbe necessary arrange ments for his reception. Tklegkapb Department. — The following ap pointments appear in tho Gazette of Thursday la&t; : — Mr. John M'lnues, to be Station Master and Line Repairer at Balranald. Mr. William M'Nab, to bo Station Master at Young, vice Mr. M'lnnes. 1 Mr. German T. Harrison, to be Station Master at Urana, vice Mr. M'Nab. Mr. Daniol Ryan Keane to he Station Master at Jerilderie. Mr. Henry Thomas Makin, to be Station Master at Kiandra, vice Mr. Kenane. Serious Accident. — A telegram from Hay in forms us that Sergeant Devonald, of the Hay police, was kicked in the abdomen by a horse on Thursday last, near Burrabogie station. Very few hopes of bis recovery are entertained. Gukdaoai Land Opi'ick. — The following con ditional purchases were made at the Gundagai Laud Office on Thursday last : Jacob Bushell, 40 acres, and Joseph Bushell, 100 acros, parish of Bangus ; John Pierce, 320 acres, parish of Dar* balara ,- JaB. Maguire, 80 acreB, parish of Jinda Ice ; George Wflliam Last, 80 acres, parish of Yaven ; Joseph Gravolin, 60 acres, parish of Jindalee ; James Bevan, 40 acres, parish of Merri blndinyah ,- Samuel Leemon, 200 acres, parish of Wautabadgery ; Ambrose Franks, 100 aorea, parish of Gooaey ; Robert Stanley, 40 acres, parish of Bangus. Albury Land. —The following business was transacted at the Albury.Land Office, ou Thursday last : — James Green 40 acres, Albury ; William Petts 87 acres, Mullangandra ; Herman Edward Scholtz 320 acres, Castlestead ; Thomas Kelton 80 acres, Moorwatha ; George Henry Green 100 acres, Tooma ; Charles McEinnon 122 acres, North Goonambil ; Norman Niokolaon 128 acreB, North Goonambil ; John A. L. McEinnon 320 acres, Hastings ; Geo. Colleen 320 acres, North Goon ambil ; Lindaay Wilson 40 acres, Wilson ; Lindsay Wilson 40 acres, Wilson ; Thomas Hogan 320 acres, Wilson ; John Moore (minor) 80 acres, Hume ; James Foster 60 acres. Taramia ; John Matthewa 125 acres, Moorwatha ; Alfred James Martin 160 acres, Sandy Ridges ; Joseph Thomas Martin 160 acres, Sandy Ridges ; Joseph Thomas Martin 160 acres, Sandy Ridges; Henry Jamea Parnell 109} acres, Jerra Jerra ; Joseph Watkiu 40 acres, Moorwatha ; William Steel 200 acres, Morebringer ; Agnes Whitehead 280 acres, Wela regang. 