TRET. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. SIR,--Recently arrived newspapers show that the dispute between the representatives of Australian woolgrowers and the buyers in the home market is as far from adjustment as ever. Indeed, the latter have lately adopted a more deter- mined tone; and, boasting of their union and their num- bers, already indulge in clamorous pæans anticipatory of the victory which they undoubtedly mean to achieve. Well, they may have the best of the fight, but their anta- gonists have the best of the argument, and this, with your permission, it is intended to make manifest in the sequent. Because English wools, from time immemorial, have been subject to draft, it was too hastily conceded that Aus- tralian wools should be liable to a similar deduction, over- looking the fact at the time, that although there were weighty reasons for the allowance as regards British wools, there was not the ghost of an apology for claiming it as re- gards Australian wools or the accommodated and the care- fully got up fleece wools of the Continent. In the counting-honse of the wool warehouse where I learnt to discriminate between headwool and downrights, &c.; was suspended on an out-of-the-way peg an obsolete affair comprising two very handsome bronze weights, em- bossed with the arms of the City of London. They were of the size and something of the form of a man's hand, and at the upper end of each an opening was left in the casting for the admission of a broad leathern strap which, provided with a buckle, formed a bond of union between the weights in question. This arrangement was intended to facilitate the adjustment of the weights to the saddle of the equestrian whose business it was to operate with them in weighing the wool at the farms where the clip amounted to as much as ten packs or thereabouts. A century ago, cross- country roads were not very well adapted for the transit of bulky and top heavy loads of loose fleece wool, and, consulting the convenience of the grower, the stapler was in the habit of sending a confidential man to weigh and pack the clip where the quantity made it worth while, the wool-sheets and other appliances for packing having been beforehand forwarded to the scene of operations by the farmers' re- turning market teams. The appointed weigher always took his legally adjusted weights with him, and those with the strap and buckle balanced 14 Ibs. exactly. His first business, on arrival at the farm, was to find amongst the ponderables such as stone or timber, a balance to his weights, and then, these two fourteen pound weights .formed the tod of twenty- eight lbs., by which the fleece wool of old England has from time immemorial been weighed. When the scale charged with fleeces brought up the tod weight, the weighing was registered, and if one, or two, or three lbs. over the tod, no exchange of fleeces, either to redress the balance, or for any other conceivable reason, was ever allowed. This was presumed to give the buyer an advantage, on the average, of half a pound for weighing; and consequently whenever English fleece wool was pur- chased already packed, an allowance to the oxtent of half a pound per tod was invariably conceded, and this concession is current at the present day. The excision of four or five pounds from every bag of wool has the appearance, it must be admitted, of a merciless tax on the English woolgrower; but he is anything but an injured individual, and when the reasons why he is so taxed are adduced, he will be contemplated in any other light than as an object of very grave commiseration. So far from the draft on English fleece wool being excessive, I am of opinion that, all things considered, it is insufficient, and leaves the wool-stapler a loser to no mean amount on the year's transactions. But no doubt the stapler knows how to take care of himself, and makes it all square in adjusting the price. In the first place the English farmer, though well aware that pitch will make but indifferent broadcloth or worsted, en- dorses his sheep with a heavy pitch brand, and very fre- quently, for a very obvious purpose, this operation is carried into effect just before shearing. Then there are the weighty daggings at the breech, which should be, and sometimes are, clipped off, but very frequently they are not; and very often the bellylock is musical with knobs of clay contributed by the glebe over which the sheep have rambled in wet weather. The riddance of these foreign matters obviously implies a serious loss of weight, which of itself demands a liberal allowance in the shape of draft. But the subject has to be considered in another aspect. The wool-sorter is paid at the rate of 10s. per pack of 240 lbs.; but one- fourth of his time is exhausted in the removal of the pitchmark, the daggings and the dirt from the belly-lock. In fact, were the English fleece as free from the abominations just named as the Australian, the sorter would earn much better wages at 7s. 6d. per pack than he does now at 10s. The difference, I apprehend, comes out of the pocket of the wool-stapler, and should be quoted by him as a liberal set-off against the liberal draft conceded to him. Every wool-sorter, whether engaged on Australian, German, or English wool, is supplied with a small cask for his waste. The contributions from either Australian or German wools do not fill the tub once in a twelve month, whilst English wool necessitates a very fre- quent journey to the pitchmark bin. In the south of Eng- land, the excised pitchmarks are sold to the Kentish hop- growers, and every warehouse employing from seven to ten men furnishes annually a waggon-load of weighty reasons of this sort for a liberal draft on English fleece wool. But if there be abundant and sufficient reasons for a liberal allowance in the shape of draft on English fleece wool, not one of them applies to Australian wool; and the home buyer who advocates a draft on Australian wool be- cause English fleece wool is subject to the same disadvan- tage may be expected to discover, some of these fine days, a parallelism between a straight line and a circle. It may be urged that Australia produces burry wool; but this is a special affair altogether, and must be met by a special contract. The worsted trade will not touch it at any price, and it is an evil that certainly will not be cured by a draft of 1 per cent., or anything like it. But pitch- marks and kindred nuisances universally infect English fleece wool, and this is allowed for in a draft of universal application. At the last meeting of home buyers in London of which we have any account, one gentleman is reported to have said, "The matter was clear enough to all who would give it a moment's consideration. The buyer, in bidding for wool at a sale, had to bid for a bale. In each bale there was a certain quantity of moisture, and, to protect them- selves against losses arising from this, it was nothing but right that they should be allowed the draft, which, gene- rally speaking, only amounted to 1 per cent." The elements of water are ubiquitous, and the difficulty is to say where moisture is not, rather than where it is. It may be admitted, therefore, that the Australian bale, when landed in London, is not altogether free of moisture; but that it exists in such quantity as to be a source of loss to the buyer we utterly deny. On the contrary, we are prepared to maintain that the comparative absence of moisture from the Australian bale on its first arrival in England tends to the profit of the buyer--not a large profit it is true, but still appreciable, and worth acceptance; inso- much that, if moisture is to appear in the books at all, it can only correctly range on the credit side of the account, and not on the opposite side, where Mr. Joachim has erroneously placed it. A nominal pack of loose wool in Sydney is almost alto- gether lana pura, all but free of humidity, appreciable or otherwise; but a nominal pack of loose English wool in London is charged with no inconsiderable amount of mois- ture --for wool is nearly as absorbent of moisture as a deli- quescent salt, and the humid atmosphere of England, up to a certain point, readily incorporates with it. The Austra- lian bale, it is well known, gains weight on the passage home; but when landed in London it is still susceptible of increment in the shape of moisture and weight, and will continue to be so till fully saturated up to the humid point peculiar to the locality. A woolstapler merely unpacking and piling his Australian purchase will find on reweighing that it has gained in weight; but had he sorted it right out he would have been benefited in a still greater degree. By exposing a greater surface to the humid atmosphere, the weight would have increased in an improved ratio. In most of the great mills in Yorkshire the wool weighed in is carefully weighed out after sorting, not for the pur- pose of testing the weight, but to ascertain the sorts into which the wool has broken. This has often afforded the opportunity of noticibg that Australian wools invariably gain and that German wools inva- riably lose in weight during the process of sorting. And this is easily accounted for. The foreign wool had been packed in a climate as humid as that of England, and, saturated to the humid point, the process of sorting had allowed an appreciable amount of moisture to evaporate into the drier atmosphere of the sorting-room. On the other hand, the Australian wool, subsaturated, was in a position to imbibe, and, like others in the same predicament, all contributions of the moist description were thankfully received. Again, one woolcomber is charged with a weighing (36 lbs.) of Australian wool, and another, with a weighing of German. Both are expected to return, in top and noyle, the weight delivered to them. The Australian wool is invariably returned a little over, and the German, as invariably, a little under, the weight given out. But the reason for this has been anticipated. So that it is very evident the purchasers of Australian wool in the home market, instead of losing by the presence of moisture in their bargains, get not only an ample quid pro quo, but something more, irrespectively of a very superfluous draft. In addressing a public meeting of those friendly to the continuance of the draft now allowed, Mr. Joachim said:-- "He was well aware that in Germany they had recently been selling wool without any allowance for draft; but were the buyers in the largest metropolis in the world going to take their instructions and regulations from foreigners?" Of course, a gentleman rejoicing in the name of Joachim has quite as much right to contemn the foreigner as the kettle had to become complimentary to the saucepan on the score of their mutual nigridity; but for all that, we cannot help thinking that the foreigner had quite as much right to refuse Mr. Joachim's money as Mr. Joachim had to refuse the foreigner's wool. If wool with- out draft is not to Mr. Joachim's mind, he possesses the inestimable privilege of pleasing himself, and the foreigner needs not to be instructed as to his right to retain his wool when the terms proposed for purchasing it are not to his taste. I have purchased German wools, both accommodated and fleece, to some considerable extent, but never discovered in them the slightest apology for the imposition of a one per cent. draft. They are invariably thoroughly and scrupulously cleaned, and packed with punctilious honesty; and if but a small sample be allowed the buyer in the German market, it may at any rate be confidently relied on. Though prone to sell the pig in the poke, the poke in- variably turns out the makings of good and wholesome pork. Scoured ond handwashed English wools, and staplers' and fellmongers' sorts, have always been free of draft; and why the same description of wools from Germany and Australia should not be placed in the same category would, perhaps, puzzle the advocate for draft to say. Spanish and Portugal wools are imported into England clean and scoured, and why should they be fleeced when they never appear as fleece wool in the home market? Clipped in the grease, they are scoured after being sorted into four sorts. It is true the sorting would scarcely pass muster at Huddersfield; but no attempts are ever made to re-sort it, and it at once subsides into broadcloth. Perfectly free from waste of every description, it affords not the slightest justification for the tax to which it is obliged to submit. About five hundred home buyers, we learn, have signed a declaration in favour of continuing the draft. This we must admit is a most formidable argument, and we fear that the sellers will be scarcely able to muster up logic enough to counteract it. But if they fail to secure the victory, they must console themselves after the fashion of the Sydney cricketers, with the conviction that although they lost the game they at any rate deserved to win it. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, W. J. St. Leonards, 11th March. 