CHAPTER IV, Doctor Hewes stood in the open doorway of the sick-chamber, looking back toward the couch, whose massive, intricately-carved headboard cast queer, grotesque shadows over the white counterpane, and down upon the soft dehcstely-tinted carpet It was a spacious chamber, with high walls, and lofty stuc- coed ceiling, and furnished by the refined taste and unstinted purse of the master for his darling and heiress. It made a fascinating picture now, in the twilight dimness of the shaded lamps, with that white face and long, floating hair, and those gleam- ing white arms tossed restlessly over the lace pillows of the bed, for the central figure. And with old Prudy kneeling beyond, her hands clasped, her eyes lifted upward in piteous, almost fierce entreaty. Still beyond, but nearer the brightness of the lamp, the tall, straight, calm nurse was carefully dropping the medicine into a wine-glass. Dr. Hewes was a man to appreciate such pjcturesquesness, and to be touched by the tbnil of sympathetic emotion whenever his busy, try- ing, earnest life brought the occasion for it. He stood now lingering and looking back wistfully. His patient had been unusually quiet during his visit, and had remained with closed eyes and silent lips, the restless arms alone betrajmg ber feverish uneasiness But, suddenly, while be stood there gazing, she lilted her head, and then sat up, glancing around her with wild and unnatural glittering ej es, and then burst forth into a torrent of passionate Italian, wringing her hands, and speaking m such a voice of thrilling anguish as to make even the phlegmatic nurse shivei Prudy sprang up, and ran to the bedside, vainlj seeking to hold the wild hands in her loving clasp She turned her own eyes imploringly toward the physician "Oh, doctor, doctor ' is their nought you can do to save our lamb from this trouble? Woe is me that the lady of Hawthorne Hall should be raving in a strange, heathenish tongue tbat we can none of us understand Ob, it was an ill starred daj the master yielded her up to the German school !" Doctor Howes had returned promptly He stood a moment in perplexity He was the old and trusted friend, as well as the familj physician " I did not know Miss Annabel was so fluent in Italian,' murmured he " It was my own pet studj once, but I never mastered it so thoroughly as that Cau it be delirium helps her ? Ah ' He paused abruptly, for the patient suddenly leaned forward, and caught his hand, and holding it with a fierce grip, poured forth another vehement speech The moBt of it the Doctor could interpret promply, but his face grew more perplexed and troubled " Answer me ! ob, answer me 1" implored the sick girl, still mung the musical Italian. " Why do you not tell me if my sm will be forgiven ? Shall I go avsay, or shall I stay? I cannot bear to be my own judge ! I shall never rest until you tell me, and I am so weary, ob, so weary !" "This is not all the vagary of delirium," thought the wise doctor And bending down to her with a gentle, reassuring smile, he answered, in the same tongue " You shall stay, my chüd, it is right, and you wul be forgiven." A look of unutterable peace came over the troubled face She gave a long, deep sigh, her fierce grasp upon ms hand relaxed. In a few mo- ments she sank back, and dropped her head wearily to the pillow, still murmuring broken sentences, and disjointed words, but in a softer tone Doctor Hewes stood beside the bed, listening and watching Prudj was puzzled, and vaguely alarmed by his grave looks " You think she will die-our lamb, our darling, the hope of the Hathaway s ?" wailed she, looking up ' drearily into his ejes " Nay I am quite certain she will triumph over the disease Don't look so wretched, Prudy, or I shall shut you out from the sick room. Even though she may not recognise you, it is better that she should see only cheerful faces By-the-way, Prudy, is the gallery locked ? I have taken a whim to look in on the old portraits there Your young lady bears a stronger resemblance in this illness to Lady Grace than I was ever aware of Has she changed much to you ?" " Alaek ? how little I can tell I' answered Prudence " Did she not fall fainting into Sir Hugh's arms, and has she not been distraught m this fashion ever since ? She keeps the Hathaway look, cer- tainly Somehow, I thought to find my m°rry gir- lie's gay, smiling eyes, and bright cheeks, and miss them But that is not strange, either, for the wc ful trouble she has Been, and for the sickness, too !" " No, not strange, at all Health and strength will bring them back to her," he returned, still examin- ing the sleeping countenance with searching eyes | " She has grown out of her hoyden ways, sir, I'm certain of that She's no more a wilful, capricious thing, too charming in her mischief to be very soraly blamed. I read that in her face She's grown more in mind and soul than in her bodj I've seen that, and been almost afraid, ever since I've watched her here." " It is a very intellectual, spiritual face," muttered the doctor. " Where did you say the key hung ? I must take a look at Lady Grace before I go." Prudence brought him a lamp, and the ponderous old key that unlocked the gallery-door. He took them from her, and went off with burned, but noiseless steps. There was no one to intercept him, for it was after midnight, and most of tbe house- hold were in then- beds. Sir Hugh he had himself peremptorily dispatched thither with a mild opiate, and an assurance of the patient's safety, as a still better security for sleep. So the doctor proceeded to the gallery undisturbed by any fear of espionage. It was not a very cheery hour, and the place itself had a weird, ghostly look, not all dispersed by the feeble glimmering of his small lamp , and even our brave-hearted phjsician, whose nerves had been steeled by many a harrowing scene of human suffering, gave a little shiver, as he closed the door behind him, and walked forward to the staring line of pictured faces of the dead-and gone Hathaways. It was not among the old pictures, tbe object of his curiosity. He walked straight up to the newer panels, and began to .count. " The late Sir Hugh, and his wife, Lady Annabel. Then their children, our Sir Hugh, his sister Eleanor, and-not here !-a vacant panel ' I might have known it. It is so strange that such a tender heart can yet be so stern and pitiless. Well, well ' so he flunks to wipe out facts recorded in heaven-to ignore ties bestowed of God ? Ah, Sir Hugh, my friend ! human pride is a very vam and powerless thing to stem the errent of an ordained providence. We shall see ! we shall see > I shall keep my own counsel. So I must really go to Lady Grace, to identify that spiritual expression that certainly I never caught upon the hoyden Annabel's face in her most thoughtful moods. And sometimes childish faces show these family expres- sions most strongly It is that very look, I do be- lieve, that makes Lady Grace the beauty of the family. Ab, yes ! the very same ' Curious !" He bad gone on, and was standing with bis lamp held forward, flinging its illuminating ray full upon a large, full-length picture of a lovely young girl, evidently in her bridal array, which stiff old brocade and quaint- patterned dress revealed how many years had gone since the delighted artist had laid down his brush with asigh of satisfaction at the charmingpicture he had produced. She was represented as standing in a balcony, looking out and far away, watching for the bridegroom's coming, possibly. But it was that mystical, dreamy look in the eyes that gave the greatest charm to the lovely young face The old doctor flushed as he gazed. " There was but one Hathaway face that ever held that same look '" he muttered. " Ob, Maude ' proud, stately, beautiful Maude! if only you had accepted the love I offered you, if only you Woe is me'" he broke off. "How wonderful, beyond any story-teller's art, are the ways of our human experience ' It was m this very spot, before the picture of Lady Grace, one sweet June afternoon Shall I ever forget it ? She was standing before me with that same far-off look in her beautiful eyes, and I told her she was like Lady Grace, only fairer, sweeter, dearer. I seem to see her now. I catch the very perfume of the blush rose, knotted at ber breast with blue ribbon, the shine of the goid-brown hair, the moist crimson of her arched lips, the very color and snape of the robe she wore. And my brain was turned, and like any ranting stage Romeo, I fell on my knees before her, and told her that all the rest of the world was nothing to me without her love." He caught a sharply-drawn breath, still staring at the picture, and went on : "And she laid her gentle bands pityingly on mine, and whispered with many blushes, and m tender sympathy with my pam, ' that her heart was given to another, and her faith secretlj pledged, although her parents and her brother sternly forbade ' And it is past, so long past, The years have come and gone, and I have learned to take up a man's burthen and duties hopefully And she is gone, passed away as if she had never been, not even her portrait among her kindred While this is the first time I have set foot here since that June day" He paused, and slowly lowered the lamp, while the glow faded out from his face " Well, well I am an old man now The fiery heart of youth has learned slow and even beats, but I have been faithful to my first love I will be as true to the friendship she besought me to give in place of the love she could not accept Perhaps it may be called for now." He took a last long look at the portrait, and then turned and went out from the gallery, locking the door behind him, and muttenng " The next time I enter, Maude, í believe I shall find your portrait m ita rightful place " He gave the key and lamp into Prudy's hands, and took another look athis patient, who was still sleep- ing profoundly " I believe the crisis has passed, Prudy," he said, cheerfully " Go now to your own bed, and remem- ber that your constitution will not rebound with the elasticity of youth, but must be nursed carefully, and well guarded Yon don't want to lie ailing when she is convalescent-do you ?" "And you feel sure that she will live?" asked Prudy, tremulously 'I thought by your looks when you went out, that there was no hope " " We are never sure of anything so much in higher I hands as this human life that comes and goes we faes8 not how, we know not whither," answered the I octor, gravely "But I can speak as confidently as a physician may, that, under the present symptoms, we may look for continued improvement Take that thought with you to your bed, my faithful Prudy, and don't forget to pray for this old house, whose pride and hope has come very near being cut off at an untimely hour-almost as it deserves, I was going to add. How long is it, Prudy," he asked, changing his tone abruptly, " since some arrogant hand has stricken out one from the line of Hatha ways ? I find a picture missing " "The Lord love you, doctor!" exclaimed Pru- dence, in a shrill whisper, and glancing all around her, lest some one might be standing near to hear " That was done m the old master's time, but Sir Hugh is every whit as stern and set» Oh, sir * what set you to thinking of her? She's been in my mmd all the day long." " Good-nigbt, Prudy Don't forget to pray the Lord to meit this hard Hathaway will," answered he , and departed, finally, much to the relief of the man waiting at the stables with his horse It was as the wise physician had predicted. From that night the patient mended. Slowly, feebly, but surely she came back to life and consciousness Sir Hugh and Prudy, those two tireless watchers that haunted the sick-room at all hours, were both there when the first ray of reason returned, and the doctor held up a warning finger, as he saw the perplexed eyes wander round the stately apartment, and then come back to the group of watchers ques tiomngly. I " You see, my dear Sir Hugh," began the doctor, in a cheerful tone, " it is not at all strange that Miss Haulaway's strength should have given out the mo- ment that she reached home. It was quite the natural thing for her to be delirious through the fever ; but now all danger is over, and I confidently expect to see her waken, and recognise you all." Did be fail te notice the sudden clearing of the haze in those serious eyes, the brightening expres- sion of relief upon the pale face P He went forward quietly, in the most matter-of fact away, and lifted the thin hand lying on the edge of the bed, trying ber pulse with bis most profes- sional air. " She ought to know what I am doing," he said, an arch smile hovering a moment over his lips, as he met the inquiring eyes. " She ought to say, ' How do you do, Doctor Howes ?' " The faintest ghost of a smile on the pale lips was ber response. They moved, and spoke faintly, to be sure, but clearly and distinctly : " How do you do, Doctor Hewes ?" "My dear child !"Jie answered, squaring around in such fashion as to elbow off Sir Hugh, who was stumbling forward,"I am the most nappy fellow and the proudest doctor in the United Kingdom, now | you have verified my predictions. Yon shall take some broth, for my sako " And he gave it to her carefully and tenderly, and let her rest a few moments, and then stood back. " I suppose I must risk being called a bear and a brute Here's somo one else, but I'll only allow a Bingle word to each " The master of Hawthorne Hall leaned forward, and dropped his tender kiss upon the pale forehead. " My darling, my precious Annabel ! "Uncle Hugh! came back, scarcely above a whisper. "And Prudy? You'll give just one word to old Prudy, my girlie i" whimpered the old woman, creeping behind the baronet. "Dear, dear old Prudy!" came with renewed fervor "lhere! that's all tor to-day," peremptorily inter- posed Doctor Hewes, brushing off a suspicious moisture from his own ejes "Now, do take your- selves away, and leave my patient to a quiet, con- tented sleep I won't have her worried by talk, nor by thinking, either, my dear. 1 ou're just to do nothing but get well Shut your eyes and have another nap. So it came about, naturally enough, that the family at the hall made acquaintance over again, backward, as it were, to her childhood, with the newly-returned heiress She was so feeble that no long conversations were allowed And the doctor kept a vigilant watch, to see that the commands were strictly enforced. Sir Hugh and Prudy were both in beside the patient three times a day , but a nurse, or doctor, was al- ways present likewise, and not an agitating word was spoken. There were little tender declarations of adoration and devotion on one side, and silent, grateful glances m return. There were continual little offerings of fruit and flower, and every conceivable foreign de- licacy that wealth could procure from Sir Hugh, ac- companied by a tender, beseeching glance, to which the girl would respond invariably with a soft, low sigh, and the words " You are too kind to me, Uncle Hugh-you are far too kind " " I wonder what it is '" poor Sir Hugh would ask himself, ruefully. "Is it my imagination, or has some real sbaddow crept in between my dar- ling's heart and mine? She is not so free and confiding with me as with Prudy. I miss her old wilful ways, her girlish confidence in her power over my doting heart! Something, I cannot tell what, is different And yet she is more beautiful, more gifted in her nature than I ever dared hope to find her , and, if possible, I love her more passion- ately I never dreamed she would grow so much like the pride and boast of the Hathaways ! I never thought to see my merry Annabel so much like the famous Lady Grace. I am impatient for her to be well enough to receive the Camerons I don't won- der that Reginald is, as my Hely declares, wellnigh distracted at the long delay " But Doctor Hewes was her good physician and savmg shield. " Don't try to coax me into any folly, Sir Hugh," be said, in answer to the baronet's inquiry, whether a tew of her friends might not obtain a brief glimpse of his patient. " Hers is no ordinary set of nerves, and I won't bave her pulled back, wben she in con- valescing so steadily Wait another fortnight, and see how she appears then." " You are my good angel," whispered Miss Hatha- way, to the doctor, when Sir Hugh had turned away, having relinquished his point " I would tike to be that, my child," he answered, quickly. " Not only while you are my patient, but afterward. Will you please to remember it - that whenever you have need of a friend, or a protector no matter who else has failed v ou, tue old doctor stands ready to be uncle, father, friend ?" She lifted those large earnest eyes to his, and gazed steadily and inquiringly " Yes," answered h¿¡ as readily as if she had spoken, " I will tell you why. It is because you have the face of the only woman I ever loved. The one to whose memory I have been true and faithful, al- though she never loved me- although she became another's wife, and disappeared from my knowledge. It is for her sake that you seem so much my own child." There came a swift flush into the pale cheeks, her eyes shone like stars. "Oh, sir' you mean-" " Hush, dear ! it is a name forbidden here ; but in our secret hearts you and I may cherish it. I mean Sir Hugh's sister-the one who was not Annabel Hathaway's mother For her sake-understand me thoroughly-for her sake, I shall always love you ; and, whatever betides, you are sure, while I live, of one true friend one fast support. Come to me, or send foi me, whenever you have need of me." She seized his hand, and lifted it to her Ups. A tear fell also with the kiss. " Now, indeed, 1 have courage," she thought. But aloud she said, " I cannot thank you as I would, and I will not try. But if she sees and knows-" and broke down with the sob that cut short the words. Doctor Hewes lifted his ej es a moment upward, shook her hand again and withdrew. From that moment she seemed to have taken a second s'art, and her recovery was rapid and ex- tremely satisfactory, and there was no longer the pre- text of an excuse when Sir Hugh again proposed that the Camerons should be allowed to offer their welcome home and congratulation? upon her re- covery at the same time. " You will be glad to see Reginald, Miss Annabel?" questioned privileged old Prudy, while she gave the last caressing touch to the silken blue robe that set off so becomingly the delicately-tinted complexion and golden-brown hair, and then stood back to ad- mire the picture the fair, lily-like girl made in the midst of that flowery bower which the proud and delighted gardner had prepared for her, upon Sir Hugh's hint, in the great bay-window. " Why, yes, Prudy, I suppose BO. I hardly feel as if I knew him, though I cannot go back, as you Beem to expect me to do. The years between make all childish things unreal, you know. It does not seem, indeed, that I knew him at all, this Reginald Cameron " " You were very fond of each other when you were bairns. But, true enough, he IB a young man now, and how should you know about bim ?" And Prudence gave a little sigh of relief, and thought " Her heart's not set on it, though the master's may be." " Do you know, dear Prudence, that the sickness seems to have cut me off from ell the old days P I think I commence life anew, and I really believe that other people will be obliged to begin again with me," said Miss Hathaway, presently, looking out dreamily through the window towards the lawn. " Not old Prudj-, nor Uncle Hugh either, I hope," said the master's gentle voice. She turned towards him with a slow, giave smile on her lips, a wistful earnestness in her eyes. "Yes, even Uncle Hugh and Prudy," she persis " I wish I could make j ou promise to care for me, to value me, to love me only from what you know of me to-iay." " That is a very strange request," began Sir Hugh. He did not finish the sentence, but exclaimed, joy- fully, as he bent to look out the window, " Ah, there is the Cameron carnage. They have come. Now, my dear Annabel, you will see Reginald again! How long the poor fellow has been obliged to wait !" (To be continued.) 