FICTION. [lUb, American, and other ] WIFE & N0 WIFE (From EnglUb, American, and other Periodicals,) By the Author of " Eaised. to the Throne." CHAPTER XXII. ABTHUB MOSTTN. Bli haart was formed for kindness, warped to wrong Betrayed too early, and beguiled too long -By, on "Don't auntie!" said Mary, with a little shiver. " You maku me creep all over." « It made me creep, I can tell you," Mrs. Marsh replied solemnly. " Eh, children, but it was a fear ful warning! I only hope I may live to see my old man again, that's all " "Wasn't he here'" «No." "Tellus all about it, my dear," said Tom's mother, who, bemg about as superstitious as her friend, was ehivenng delightfully in anticipation of something dreadful. " When did it come »" " Yesterday afternoon. I waa standing at the par- lour window, and-" '. I think I know, auntie, dear," Tom said, cheerily. " You've seen the same ghost that I have. It was Mr. Grseme's face, but dark as a mulatto's, and with jet black bair and moustache-a man so like bim, ttbat I could have sworn with my last breath it was my old chum under disguise." " Why, bless the boy ' what's he talking about ?" Mrs. Marsh exclaimed " Mr. Cecil hadn't black hair." " No, but the man you Baw had." " Not a bit of it, it was Mr. Cecil himself, with his fair hair all curly, just as it used to be Black hair! Dost think I'm blind, that I couldn't see the difference." Tom apologised, wondenng. He naturally thought Mrs. Marah had seen Mr. Jo} ce Johnson, and been mistaken as he had been, but her story was a very different one. " I tell you it was Mr. Cecil," she persisted. " I'd been straightening things a bit m the parlour I was going upstairs afterwards, for Mrs Graeme always likes me to look after her rooms myself, and I was thinking of her, and of all that's come and gone since she first came to me ' "Ah, that was it," said Mary. " It put poor Mr Cecil into your head " "That it didn't. You just hold your tongue. Well, I dusted the room, and then I went to pull up the blinds (I always pull them down when I go set- ting the room to rights-the people stare m so), and as I pulled it up, I saw Mr. Cecil standing right op- posite me, on the pavement." " Did he speak *" " I'm coming to it, if you'll only let me alone. I vas so startled at first that I could not speak. He stood there so quietly, looking îuto the room with eueh a sad, wistful look that my heart ached to see, and I tapped at the window. ' Mr Cecil,' 1 said, and trieo to open it, but the bolt had got rusty, ' won't you come in?" He must have heard me, for he smiled and shook his head, and then, while I looked at bim, be vanished." " Walked away, you mean ."' said Tom " No, I don't-he vanished The last thing I saw of him was his hand it was up to his face-the way he used to handle bis moustache, you know " Tom felt startled. It was that very gesture which had made him recognise, as he thought, Cecil Graeme m the American for whom be had carved the chess- men Unless Mrs Marah had fancied the whole thing, it was inexplicable " It's very odd," he said. " Are you sure s" " Quite " " But many men may resemble Mr. Cecil Graeme " *? Resemble , j es, but not be lum I tell you it was himself. There were his featuies, bis figure, hU gait, and, more than that, there was the very ring he used to wear-I saw it shining on his finger as the hand faded away." " How was he dres»ed f" asked Tom, still hoping to establish 6ome point of resemblance between Mrs Marsh's " ghost" and the mysterious Mr. Johnson \- Ia black ? " In black ! Oh, dear no ' I never saw Mr. Cecil dress in black. He wore a light gray suit, almost exactly the same as the one he went away in. He wasn't a bit changed-nor I wasn't to say frightened till he'd disappeared, aud I knew I'd seen a ghost." It was all very mysterious, and Tom could make nothing of it. Mrs Marsh played the terrified in- valid for two or three days, and then, finding that her end did not appear to be any nearer than before, except for the inevitable lapse of time, she recovered and west about as usual Tom was not satisfied The mjstenous Mr. John- son had so puzzled bun that he determined to find out more about him if possible. Mr. Herbert bad a fnend in Boston, to whom he wrote, and in due course received m reply the required information Mr. Johnson, it was stated, was a well-known citizen, wealthy and influential, and was at that time m England, partly on business and partly on pleasure As to bia appearance, the description given by the wnter tallied so exactly with tbat of the peison Tom had seen as to leave no room for doubt. One cir- cumstance seemed odd. This influential citizen of Boston had given his address at Hurley's, but bad never been there except for the one night, when the carved lancer bad been sent there to him. He seemed altogether rather a mjstenous personage And yet he was not. He appeared a very substan- tial gentleman indeed, as be sat at dinner m one of the beat rooms of the Crow, m Glasgow, on the night ci the fire in the Saltmarket. They were a party of four-the Boston millionaire, Bomethiog stouter and grayer than when he bought the chessmen (and yet only a month or two had elapsed^, his niece, as lovely a girl as ever the mighty continent produced ; her governess, or companion rather, for she was be- yond the age of schoolroom thraldom, and Mr. John- son's secretary, a young man m no way remarkable, eave for the extreme quietness of his mauner and a disfiguring sear on his face He was a useful fellow, this Arthur Mostyn, though wise people had shaken their heads when Mr Johnson had taken him in without any reference beyond his own word, and given bira employment that had grown to be confidentiil Not more than two years ago be had presented himself at the offices of Johnson and Co, Fifth Avenue, Boston, weary and footsore, with his clothes almost hanging m .tatters, and asked for employment Something m the wan, wistful face, and the man trier of the strange applicant attracted the semor partner's attention, and after a little conversation he gave him a week's tnal He found him civil, gentle- manly, and well-educated, a clever penman, and quick arithmetician, and less than a month served to show him that in Arthur Mostyn he bad found a prize, ile was man of the world enough not to set him over any of the clerks m the office, but he made him his private factotum, and never for one moment regretted having done so. The young man found his place of trust about his employer anything but a bedof roses for some time, but when the other employes of Mr Johnson found their sneers unheeded, and their cruel practical jokes passed over m uncomplaining silence, they grew to respect the silent, reserved Mostyn, and to speak of him among themselves " as a good sort of a fellow, only rather pnm." Who or what he was, no one knew-he never spoke of himself *' Utterly friendless and alone" had been his words to Mr Johnson, when that gentle- man questioned him about his belongings " I have neither name nor place in the world, sir, unless you give me one " And the name was given, and Mr. Johnson never repented. Miss Claudia Farnby, the merchant's niece and Heiress, was rather nettled, first at having a nobody introduced into the family circle, and then at the utter indifference Mr Arthur Mostyn displayed to ¿er fascinations and her golden attractions Her uncle had felt some misgivings on the subject of in- troducing bia mece to his protege, and told the young man as much. " You musn't let her tempt you to fall m love .«nth her," he said. " She is a tremendous coquette, .but she's engaged " -" There's no fear, sir," was Arthur Mostyn's quiet ".'Nofear?*' " Not tha slightest' .'Whyr" -** I have no heart left for any woman." ?" How ? Is it given away, or have you Joved and leen made to feel that it is only the surface that is boney, and the rest gall P Forgive me," be added .hastily, seeing the pained expression on the young man's face " I have no right to question you, I átnow" " Yes, you have-the right of friendship. You .need not fear, Miss Farnby is safe for me " " You speak bitterly, Mostyn " " I feel so, sir Heaven's curse first came upon the earth through a woman, and it falls heavily upon some of us, it has fallen bitterly on me." ." And on me," Mr Johnson replied. " I found that what the world calls love is, verily, a goodly pople, rotten at the core I never loved but once, and the woman that I loved was as fair and as false a devil as ever Lucifer hatched to make mischief among the angels God bestows upon the world " Arthur Mostj n looked at his emploj er in surprise It was difficult to believe in anything like love ever having come to him Once started, the Bubject seemed to have a fascination foi him, and he went on " It isn't many years ago, Mostyn, that I made such a fool of m^ self The woman was a New York actress for a little while, and lived in splendour that can only come to women of her cl.iss in one way that never comes to honest wives and good mothers, unless they are bom to it. I don't know why I tell you this, Mostyn, unless it is to warn you " " I have had my warning, sir, but pray go on." " You are interested ?" " Very much." He was, strangelj, unaccountably, as it seemed to himself Somehow, he wanted to hear more of this woman, with whom this grave, business-like man bad been so fascinated " I helped-t know it waa only helped now-to keep this woman in her career of vice and licentious- ness, and thought, like a fool, her smiles and honeyed words were for me alone. When the crash came and it was awful and Budden-I found that I was only one dupe amongst many-her huBband, poor fool, the greatest of all " " Her husband 1" " Well, the man she chose to elect to that situation when Bhe needed one to shield her cowardly wicked- ness I dont believe they were ever married He disappeared, and so did she More than one suicide lies at the door of Dora Dorilon " " Dora Dorilon ' Was that her name ?" " The name she chose to be knowu by Have you heard it before?" " I think I have, it is not unlikely she was an actress Anyhow, it seems familiar to me " Arthur Mostyn could not grow paler, his face wore an unnatural palloralwajs, but a spasm passed over his features " Then, you think she was not marned, sir p" he asked " I can almost swear it She was not the sort of woman to tie herself to anyone, though there were plenty of us, Heaven knows, ready to fling name, fame, life itself at her feet It was a black episode in my career, Mostyn, and it bas left its mark I shall never long for the sound of a woman's voice, or seek to lay my head on a woman's breast, again while I live1'* Somehow the knowledge of the one bit of îomance in Mr Jonnson's life seemed to draw bis secretary for so Arthur Mostyn soon came to be considered - closer to his employer What his own expenence of womankind was he never revealed, the merchant had an idea the cunous sear which disfigured his forehead and parted his left eyebrow with a white seam had been given him by a woman ' It was a bad fall," was all the young man said about it "It must have been," Miss Claudia declared, "and an awful cut, he lookB as though it had drained every drop of blood out of his body, he's a miser- able ghost, and I hate him '" I But she had long ceased to hate him when they arrived in Glasgow, she liked bim so well that sae was very apt to forget that she was engaged to be ' mai-ned to one of her uncle's partners, and was soon to be settled down with a fine house and an elderly husband , She would have flirted egregiously with her uncle's secretary, but Arthur Mostyn made no response to her advances He had just returned from London on this particular night, and the party were going to the theatre, all but himself " I can't think why you don't go, Mostyn p" Mr Johnson said "It's a treat to see Miss Blair I ha\ e never mi<"?ed a chance since I have been m Enc land when she does anything fresh We haven t seen this 'King Renes daughter' I think you 11 miss a treat if you stay awaj " ' I have seen Mics Blair, sir, and, if you'll excuse me-" " Oh, do as you please , only see about cabs and all that sort of thing I wonder at your bad taste, that's all " And you've never seen Miss Blairp" struck in Miss Claudia " The only time j ou ever went with us when she played was the night jou were so ill ?" " Still I saw her, Miss Farnby, and I was not so much fascinated, I suppose, as to wish to see her ag«m," be replied, and not all the ímplonng glances she cast at him could persuade him to relent and be her escort As she said, he had only seen Miss Blair once, the very night of their landing m Liverpool They bad taken a box ia the mostfashtonable theatre to see " Much A.do About Nothing," and at the >ery beginntng of the play Arthur Mostyn was taken ill He had only time to murmur a hurned apology and stagger from the box before he fell senseless in the lobby, and had to be carried home to their hotel The illness lasted a week, and was doubtless due to a rather rough passage, and a cold caught thereon, but it so happened that he had never seen Miss Blair since that night He sent for a cab, as he was directed, and saw the party safely in it " You had better come to us," Mr Johnson said "There may be a crowd, and it's as well to let the ladies have a gentleman a-piece " " Very good, sir what time ?" " Oh towards the end We shall stay the farce, if s a favounte piece of mine " Left to himself, Arthur Mostyn went for a walk, and went on and on till he had left the streets and tall houses behind, and was actually out m the country Turning round, he saw the glare of fire under the bnght stars, and his first thought WSB of those he lived with " What if it should be the theatre ?" he mur- mured " It seems m that direction I must get back" He lost no time in retracing bis steps, and reached the theatre just as the people were leaving after the first piece " Too soon," he muttered, and struck away out of the glare of the lamps down a side street A few people were loitering about the stage door in the hope of seeing the " star" come out, but he did not join them " I'm ashamed of myself, that I am," he said, half aloud Why should I slink about like a hunted animal, ashamed to show my face * Arthur Mostyn has nothing to fear Ah how the sparks fly ! There was a crash ! The roof I suppose Poor wretches ' I hope nobody is hurt," He went on, idly thinking, till he was some dis- tance from the theatre ' 3Iiss Heoter Blair," he read from a huge pla card ' A good name for a bill- Btmple and well sounding-worth all the Vontmorencies and Man devilles in the world and she is a grand success and a rich woman Well, she deserves to be by all account," He turned away with a sigh, and ran with some force against a man coming hastily in the opposite direction, or rather the man came against lum " I beg your pardon," be began, but the gentle- man, for h» evidently was one, put out both b» hands, as if to keep bim off, and said, m a voice of tenor " My God ' who are you p" Arthur Mostyn looked at him in surpnse " Who am I ?" he said, m a voice which the start doubtless had rendered yery unlike his OWD, which was soft and melodious " I am a stranger here, whihng away a few idle moments VVhy do you ask?" " Because you are so like-pshaw . I am a fool. What did you say your name was?" "My name is Arthur Mostyn, my station secre- tary to Mr Johnson, of Boston, ray business on this particular spot, to wait for him and two ladies, and escort them out of the theatre " " The theatre ! I am going there I beg your par- don for speaking to you, but the likeness is so start- ling I am going to fetch Miss Blair to see a dying wornan " He lifted his hat and hurried off, and Arthur Mostyn leaned against the wall, and wiped great drops of perspiration from bis forehead, though the night was by no means hot Then he hastened back to the theatre, and stood ia a dark corner, and watched Miss Hester Blair enter the fly Mr Fov had brought to fetch her. 