GRIF: A STORY OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. By B: L. Furjeon. Chapter XVI. POOR SULLY. When Milly walked out of Old Flick's store, sho walked out with the full determina tion of returning and possessing herself of the letter ho had received ftom Jim Piziey, and wbich she was certain the old man hud not destroyed. She had two reasons for her de termination. One was a woman's logic is not always logical. The other reason was, that she was convinced there was som ethtng in the letter concerning herself. She d id not stop to consider whether it wouli be good for her to read it ; it was a letter from Jim ;' and read it aho would. She felt hurt that ha had sent her no word since his departure. '1'here was nothing strange in her affection for }iim. She had no one else to love except her baby, and he was its father. He had deserted her, and still she clung to him. There, is no human being in the world who is ho complete an isolation as -not to have a love for some thing; and the unfortunate class to which Milly belonged ia no exception to this rule, for it is capable of strong, if misguided, affec tion. To fortify herself for her task, Milly, after she had lulled her baby to sleep, adjourned to sleep, adjourned to the bar of a public-house wuura ttuo uuu uuw Kuti uuu uuae ? viia Flick, and where she spent the greater portion of the two poundit in treating her aBsociatea to drink. ' Having soon made herself thoroughly and desperately drunk, she set off staggering, hut very earnest, to Old Flick's All-aoits Store. Her mind was in a dangerous state of tension. She was almost blind from the fumes of the spirits she had taken, and every thing awaui before her ; but she swam on wards, trolling out snatches of songs, and hushing and talking to herself incoherently. She did not attract much attention. A woman drunk waB no novelty in that neigh bourhood — indeed, her uta'e was chronic to the locality, and she was allowed to proceed unmolested — somo few people turning to look at her; but most avoiding her. She had not far to go, and when she arrived at her destina tion, she staggered in at the door, and, sink ing into a seat, gazed confusedly about her. Brushing her hair from her face, she looked round 'in vaia for Old Flick. ' Now, then, Flick,' she said, almost inar ticulately, it's no use hiding away. Lord ! how my head swims ! Come out and give me the letter t ' She; waited. for an answer, but received none, for Old Flick was deep in his drunken swoon upon the floor, . ... . ' Are you - coming oat, old sinner ? ' she asked, looking vaguely about her.' 'I will have the letter— I will ! I will ! I will ! STou haven't burnt It. You.'re not ih'alf cun ling enough;' I Baw yon* band go to your Docket when you told men you'd burnt it. ['11 tear your hair out of; your head if you lon't give it to me!' ' ? ?, She felt dizzy and confused, and, seeing a bucket filled with water in the corner, she staggered instinctively towards it, and, tumb ling down by its side, plunged her face. into it. It was deliciously cool ; she kept her face in ib until she lout her breath, and then raising the bucket, she poured' the water over hec head. It refreshed, if it did not sober her. A moment afterwards, as ahe seized her hair to wring the water off it, she shivered and turned cold as ice ; and then flushed into a burning heat. Wiping her face with her dress, Milly, for the first time, observed Old Flick lying on the floor. Her eagerness to obtain possession of the letter appeared to desert her for a time. But presently she crept towards the prostrate man, and, feeling hia pockets, found the letter. The old man murmured some almost incoherent words, among which she heard her own name. She laughed as she heard it, and said, ' Oh, you old fox ! Milly's done you this time. Here's Jim's letter. What does he say in it ? ' She wiped her 'face again with her wet dress, and commenced to read the letter slowly. She read to herself until ahe came to the last page, when she cried, ' What's this? — ' After what you have told me about Milly, I never want to look at her face again. 1 didn't r.hintr kIib would turn informer asuinat Jim Pizey. If ever I come across her, I'll mark her, by G ? !' ' She read these lines twice over, and then, letting her hands fall idly in her lap, looked before her, bewildered. ' He navev thought I would turn informer against , him!' she exclaimed, a cold shudder taking possession of her. ' Oil, Lord ! What's thin feoling conr g over me? Somebody's been tolling lies u- him about me. Who is it] Me split upon Jim! Who said ho?' She quite forgot the letter which ahe held tightly clutched in her hand. Sho threw tho damp hair back from her foieheitd, and looked shuddering round the loom. Her skin waa blazing, and there was an awful brilliancy about her eyes. She was burning hot, and she placid her hand upon her throbbing fore head, trying to press out tbe pain ; in a little ?while her condition changed, und she sat utill, shivering, and burst into a strange, wild l.ugb. 'What's tho matter with me?' she mur mured. ' I nover felt like this before. Get up, Old Flick ! ' Hhe said, softly, to herself, :irnl with no idea of addressing the old man. '? Get up, Old Flick ! ' She repeated the words almost in a whisper, twenty times at leant, in a wondering kind of voice, aud sang them over and over again, in ,;» vacant manner. ' Oh, my head ! my head ! ' she moaned, and then she commenced again singing uoftly to herself, her voice breaking oecasionally into u kind of wail. She continued in this state fir some time, and made no sigu of recognition of Old Flick when, after a series oi growis, ne sat up on me noor. ne gnzea -. at her with atupified amazement, and he -i growled as he looked down at the pool of I water in which he had been lying. As he -I ruined his eyes, E-he caught his look, and in- | trodnced bis name into tho meaningless words % she was singing. % ' Milly ! ' he cried, half frightened ; but | she showed no consciousness of him. ' She's. [j going road, I believe,' he muttered. ' Get EJj up, Milly, there's a dear, and go home.' U But she waa deaf to all his entreaties, and w\ presently she began to soreara. I.'' ''There, Old Flick?' she cried. 'Do you K see the spidurs creeping up the wall 1 There ti they go, creeping, creeping, creeping, and now i; they're on the ceiling, looking down upon us. IJ Keep away — keep away!' ahe Hcreamwl, li clutching at the old man, who, almost Hcured I; v»uv vi ins nruoun, iuuuwcu Her ££B&c; wlLIl ICul. ?.; ' They'll drop down upon us ! That'a right Jim. CriiHh 'em — smash 'em ! Ugh ! You can't kill 'em half quick enough. Do you see that big one leering down ? That's Old Flick. Smash him, Jim. Ugh ! keep off. They're diopping from the ceiling upon mo !' and she writhed upon the floor, and plucked at her dress with her hands, und shuddered and moaned distressfully. || At this moment, Grif, with his boot- stand l| on his shoulder, and his brushes under his arm, t- his taps upon the counter, he peeped into the back room, and saw Milly tearing madly at her dress, and Old Flick looking on helnlemly, in an agony of teiror. 'What's up?' inquired Grif. Old Flick rose instantly, and he clung to Grif as though the lad were an anchor of hope. 'Don't grip so hard, Flick,' criod Grif, I who, being faint with hunger, scarcely hud I strength to shake the old man off. I ' Milly's mad, I think,' said Old Flick. ' Take her home, Grif— take her home.' ' How am I to take her home ?' asked Grif, J looking at Milly, She had covered her face I with her hands, and was in a terrible fit of trembling. He went to her, and tried to re move her hands froin her face, but he could not succeed. Then, glancing about him, he caught sight -of a loaf oi bread in the cup. I board, the door of which was half open. There » it was— the bread for which he was craving ! ' His heart beat painfully as he eaw it. Not even, pity for the girl could overcome, his natural sensations of hunger. The gnawing within was more powerful . than pity. ' What'll you give me if I take her away?' he enquired, eyeing the loaf yearningly. . 11 Anything — anything— that is, anything in reason,' quavered Old Flick, qualifying his answer. 'And if she ever darkens my door again,' he muttered, ' I'll have her dragged to the lookup, as sure as my name's Flick.'-; Man i» a bargaining' animal. Despite his hunger, Grif pietended' to consider for a few moments. He knew that if he exhibited too much eagerness, he would have 1ms chance of obtaining the food., ? 'I'll take her away,' he saidisiowiy, 'if you'll | give me that loaf of bread'— .and. he. moved wistfully ?.tawarda the cupboard— and this tin of Bardinea— ' . ;« '* Yes— yes,' assented.. Old . FJicV, eagerly, taking the food from the cupboard., 'And five bob for this stand wd set of brushes,' concluded Grif, boldly. ,,'*?'? ' They're not yours,' said the oilman, all his cunning intellect on the alert drectly the question of barter arose. - -?- '?— ? ?'Never yop, m.in'1, .. that,' raid .--jfoftj .«« jtji not the first time. you bought what iid'nt be long to parties ywi' bought 'em of.. I won't takd her away for le*. I'm hangrvfeow, and 1 shall be ' hungry : tomorrow: I nint hmv* eonietin.' T~ ? 'Take two and six, then, Grif,' said Flick. ' I'll give you two and six.' . Grif shook his head.' ' Say four bob,' he laid, ' and it's a bar gain;' ?'' ,-:l Old Flick hastily produced four shillings, and gave them to Grif, who deposited on the table his vouchers to respectability, feeling, as lie did so, that he had Ioat his character as a moral shoeblack, and was once more a vagrant and a thief. The next thing Grif did was to tear a piece out of the loaf and wolfishly de vour it. Theoretical philanthropists might have learned a useful lesson if they had wit nessed the ravenous eagerness with which Grif swallowed the stale dry bread. Old Flick was neither a theoretical nor a practical philanthro pist, and he viewed the proceeding with a feel ing of impatience, urging Grif to take Milly away quickly. It was not a difficult task. — indeed, it was so easily accomplished^ that Flick was filled with considerable remorse at the price he had paid for it. Milly's (it was over for a while, and she rose almost passively as Grif took her hand. She looked at Old Flick without recognising him ; but she in stinctively shrank from him. ' You've been fri-»htenin' of her,' Grif said to the old man. ' I've a good mind to pitch into you.' Grif was stronger now, and having relapsed into vagrancy, felt himself at liberty to indulge his organ of combativeness. But Old Flick, in a quavering voice, protested that he had not been saying anything to Milly to frighten her. ' She looks ns if she had been scared out of her life,' Grif remarked. 'She's been drinking herself mad, Grif,' Old Flick said, ' that's what she's been doing. She'll be all right when she's had a good sleep.' Grif nodded his head, and led Milly away. She trembled violently as they walked to her poor lodgings ; and when she got to her room, .she threw herself upon the bed, and moaned and cried deliriously. She had placed the letter she stole from Old Flick in the bosom of her dress, and she kept her hand over it, as if to guard it. ' She's orfle bad,' mused Grif, seating him self on a stool at tho foot of the bed, and em ploying himself with the bread and sardines. ' I wonder if she knows me. Milly !' The girl made no reply, and tossed about on the bed, sobbing piteously. Giif tried the experiment of placing her baby near her ; but although he put the child in her arms, she did not notice it. She was so restless that he he took the baby on his lap, and offered her a crust of bread, which, much to Grif's astonish ment, she grasped with her little fists and sucked at vigorously, staring contentedly at Grif the while. But Milly's distress drew his attention from the htudy of baby. ' Milly !' he cried again, shaking her, and attempting to raise her. ' Send I may live ! if she ain't like a ball of lire ! And she'p all wet, too. What did you say, Milly ? Say that agin.' '? .And they've got hold of Sick Handfield,'.' si 10 murmured. 'Oh ! what a wicked plot If Grif knew — but I won't tell, no ; though you do suspect me.' ' If I knew !' exclaimed Grif. If I knew what 1 She said somethin' about Dick Hand field ! What does it all mean ?' He listened eagerly for her next words, which might give him a clue to hei meaning, but Milly's fancies changed. ' Go home !' she said. ' Why don't I go home, he asked ? What would they think of me? Don't come near me, father! Keep away ; I'm not your Milly— she's dead, long ago — dead ! dead ! dead ! Do you see that sheet of water?' and she half rose from her bed, and clutched Grif by the shoulder. ' Father's standing on the other side. What an awful way off he is ! He looks like a ghost. Does the water stretch into the next ?\vot id, 1 wonder ! There it is — miles, and iuiles, and miles of it. And look ! just over the hill, where it flows out of the world, there's father and mother, and they're looking at me, and crying, and I am sinking down, down ! I'm choking — take me out, take me out ! Now I'm in my coffin. They are nail ing the cover on me ! Don't shut out the light ; everything is black — now it's red.. I can't breathe! ' and she struggled madly with Grif, who was holding her down. It was as much as his strength could accomplish, and presently she grew calmer. ' I can't' leave her like this,' said Grif. ' She's very ill, and she'll do herself a mis chief, if she ain't took care on. She's, quiet now. I'll run and fetch a doctoi.' Acting on the impulse, Grif, first taking the baby from the bed, and placing it upon the floor in a corner of the room, ran quickly to an apothecary's shop hard by. It happened, fortunately, that a doctor was in the shop at the time, giving directions for a presciiption. He listened to Grif s story, and, without a moment's hesitation, accompanied Grif to Milly's lodgings. He looked very grave as he placed his hnnds upon Milly's burning fore head, and felt her pulse. ' How long has she been in this condition ?' he asked. Grif told him. ' Is she married 1 Uraph ! What a ques tion ! Of course Bhe's not. Poor creature ! So young, too, and pretty. Sad case ! Sad case !' He took his pocket-book from his pocket nnrl mnrlA a mnfnrtrnnrlnm unil £tipn obnerved.' ' If the poor girl has any friends, they should be here. She wants care and nursing, although even they will not aave her, I fear. A female friend should be with her all the night. Come with me, boy, and I will give you medicine.' In silence, Grif' followed the doctor to the apothecary's shop, and in silence he received the medicine which, the doctor himself made up. . '?; ., ' You can road 1' said the dootor. ' I know some of the letters,' replied Grif, 'when they're stuck upon the wall very large.' ' Ah !' mused ' the doctor, looking atten tively at Grif. 'Give her, a wineglassful of this medicine every hour ; but don't wake her to give it, if she is sleeping quietly. I' will call again in the morning to aee- how she is getting on.' ''?'. ? '.'.? :-' . ?' ' Is she very bad V inquired Grif. . ' Very,' laconically replied the doctor. 'Will she die?' ? The doctor ^placed his hands upon Grif'a shoulders, and noticed the boy's eyes luminous with tears. ' Would yon be sorry 1' he asked. - - 'Yes sir, veryiSorry.' ? ' What are you— brother, cousin, any rela tion V was tho next question, carelessly asked. ' No, sir, not as I knows oh, butHahe'a been very kind to me*.? ' Don't stand chattering here !' the dootor exclaimed abruptly. 'Go and give the girl her medicine.' Grif was on the point of quitting the shop, when the thought occurred to him that the doctor ought to be paid. Taking from his pocket the four shillings for which he had sold his boot-stand and brushes, he placed them on the counter immediately beneath the doctor's nose. ': ' What's this for, my lad f asked the doctor. - Struck with a sense of the insufficiency of the., remuneration, Grif said, apologetically, ' I ain't got another mag about me, sir I'll bring you some more when I get's it.' ' Confound y ju, you young scamp \' ex claimed the doctor, in a fiery manner. ' Do you think 1 have no humanity1! Take your four shillings away, and here are ten more to add to them. Run off, and give the girl her medicine, and mind she has some one with her during the night;' and he pushed the boy hastily otit the shop. When Grif returned to Milly, he found her still lying on the bed. He spoke to her, but she did not reply to him. He was the more alarmed at this because Milly was not asleep ; her eyes were staring round the room, and her cheeks were burning with an unnatural fire. He moistened her parched lips with water, and tried to make her take the medicine, but she pushed him away, fretfully, and turned from him. 'What's to be done?' asked Grif of him Belf, in serious perplexity. ' The doctor chap nays she ought to have some one with her. He's a good sort, he is! I can't get her to take her physic.' Then, struck with a sudden idea, he said, ' I'll go and aiks Ally.' Without another thought he hurried to Alice's lodgings. There was no need to en treat her help. Her bonnet and shawl were on before he had concluded his story. 'But she ain't a good girl, Ally,' said Grif ; ' mind that !' 'God help her!' said Alice. 'She is in the more need of assistance. And the poor baby, too ! Come, Grif.' And very soon our Alice was in the sick girl's room, attending on her, and nursing her with a good woman's loving zeal. No thought of the difference in their social positions inter 'ered with the performance of what Alice deemed to be a duty. She undressed Milly, and placed her in the bed ; and, raising the poor girl's head on her bosom, she gave her the medicine, which Milly swallowed without resistance. Then Alice tidied up the room, and hushed the baby to sleep by the mother's side. She almost forgot her own grief in the sad spectacle before her, and the tears came to her eyes out of very pity, as she sat beside the siek girl's bed. ' Will you stop here all night, Ally ?' asked Grif, who retired from the room, and who now entered at a signal from Aliee. ' Yes, until the doctor comes in the morn ing.' 'She's a angel, that what she is,' solilo quised Grif, retreating to a corner, and squat tinp himself upon the floor, ' and I'm her friend. She said so herself. There never was anybody 'arf so good as her !' When Alice was undressing Milly, she ob served the letter which lay concealed in the bosom of Milly's dress ; but, unconscious ,of all else, the sick girl clutched the paper tightly in her hand, and, seeing her desire to retain it, Alice made no effort to take it from her. Many hours past, and still Alice sat patiently by Milly's side. During this time Milly was delirious, and raved and spoke words which caused Alice to shudder. But pity for the Door cirl's condition overcame everv rerme nant feeling, and she nursed Milly tenderly and gently, us if she were, indeed, a good aud virtuouB, instead of an erring, sister. Shortly after midnight, the moon being nearly at its full, Milly turned her eyes to Alice's face, and asked in a weak wondering voice, — ' Who are you ]' ' I am your friend, Milly,' replied Alice. ' Do you feel better 1' ' Yes, I feel better.' The words came from her lips slowly, and with an effort. ' Give me your hand.' Alice placed her hand in Milly's, and the aick girl raised it to her lips, and to her fore head. ' Who sent you here ?' ' No one. Grif told mo you were ill, and I came to nurse you.' ' I never saw you Iwfore. Good God !' Milly exclaimeJ, feeling Alice's wedding ring. ' You ate married !' ' Yes.' ' And you coma to nurse me I Do you know what I am 1' and she raised herself in the bed, and her eyes dilated with horror as she looked roand the walls of the room. ' Hush, my dear! Lie down.' ' What is this)' Milly criad, seizing Alice by the- arm, and trembling violently. ' Every thing is fading from my sight. Don't let me go ! Hold me — hold me ! My heart ia faint ing — dying !' And a wild shriek issuing from her lips, as she fell back powerless on the bed, roused Grif from his slumber, and caused him to start to his feet. A great change has come over Milly. Her face had grown pinched and white, her hands were clammy, and a wild despairing look in her eyes made them awful to look upon. Alice needed all her courage to keep herself fauim aivnnntnn ' Has she any fi Sends, Grif)' she asked. 'None as I knows on,' replied Grif. ' Don't you know who sha is 1' He was about to answer his own question, and tell Alice of Jim Pizey, but just then Milly murmured the man's name. 'Why did you go away, Jim Pizey,' she said, 'and leave me to starve and drink my self to death 1 And then to write, you never want to see my face again. It is cruel — it is cruel ! Look at me — I am dying, and you have killed me.' I don't want to die 1 Lord help me, I'm not tit to die.' ' Grif,' whispered Alice, ' waB not Jim Pizey the man who tempted my husband to' crime f ' Yes,' answered Grif, ' and before I came for you she was speaking of him.' '*, ' Of my husband, Richard1}' 'Yes, but I couldn't make out what she meant.' Milly's wandering speech prevented the continuance of the subject. ' 'There's mother and father again,' she said; 'they're always haunting me. I am glad they have come to wish me good.bye, 'though. I have been a bad daughter to them — a bad daughter — a bad daughter. I'm punished for it now. .Forgive me, daddy, I I think he does forgive me, hia face is so kind ; but it was always kind when he looked at me. [loan smell the mignonette on the window sill. And see ! there's my little sister; she. died yesterday. How sad she looks in her shroud ! She was prettier than me. I slept with her the night hefore she died, and she told me to bo always good. I say,. Jim, don't you think little Cia is prettier than me ? — she's hotter than me ! I should like father to make me a basket coffin. Where's baby. V Alice placed the child in her arms, and as Milly pressed it to her breast, the haggard look in her faco'quito passed away. She was very young — scarcely nineteen years of age*; but it was better for her to die, young as she was, than live her life of shame. '? Do you know where there's a clergyman, Grif,' asked Alice. 'No; what for?' ' I don't want a clergyman,' gasped Milly. 'Yes, my dear, I am quite sensible now. I don't want a clergyman. Your good face is better than all. Will you kiss me V ' Don't cry for me. I wonder why you should be here ; for you know I am a bad girl, and you are a respectable woman. Give me a little drink — my throat is- so dry ! Oh, what a wicked life I hare led! Will God forgive me, do you think 1' ' Yes, dear Milly,' said Alice weeping. God will forgive you if you ask Him.' ' I do ask Him,' said Milly, earnestly, but slowly, for her voice was failing her. ' Fold my hands, dear. I do ask him, humbly. Forgive me, God !' There was solemn silence in the room. Alice, kneeling by the bed, checked her sobs, and watched every movement in the face of the dying girl. Grif, bareheaded, stood by in awe ; his eves were not crying, but his heart was, for Grif was very troubled. He had never prayed to God, and here, in the quiet night, in the dread presence of death, the thought of his own utter wickedness and un worthineHS filled him with gloom. He crept down on his knees, and lifting his hands, as if to a visible Presence, he said — ' Forgive me, God !:- and trembled, and cried softly to him self. ' Mine has been a wicked life,' said Milly, ' but I did not know what I was doing — in- deed, indeed I did not! I never stopped to think, You believe me, don't you, dear?' ' I do believe you, my poor, poor Milly !' ' You break my heart, my dear, when you speak like that,' said Milly, the tears stealing down her face. Alice stooped and kissed her again: ' Thank you ! it is more than I de serve. You are like a good angel standing by my bed. What could I do 1 I was persua ded to run away from my home by a young man, three yeais ago. We came out here, and he left me. What could I do ? Is all the sin mine. I was led away. It was not all my fault. Oh, my dear ! You are a mar ried woman, and respectable ; you don't know the suffering we poor girls endure !' Ah ! poor Alice ! she thought of herself and her own sad lot, and laid her cheek close by the side of Milly's. ' How good you are said Milly, as thus they lay. ' What is jour name, dear?' ' Alice.' A look of horror crept into Milly's eyes, nd a change so ghastly came over her coun tenance, that Alice caught at her as though she would arrest the life sho thought was pass ing away, ' Alice ?' whispered Milly, slowly and pain fully, for her strength was leaving her. ' Alice ? GriPs friend ?' ' Yea dear,' replied Alice, holding Milly's hand fast. ' And Richard Handfield is your husband ?' ' Yes.' ' If you knew — bend your head, for my breath is goin£- — if you knew that the man who is the father of my child had striven to do you a great wrong, to blast your life — had schemed to sting your husband to crime — your husband whom you love, do you not — V ' Whom I love,' repeated Alice, softly. ' — For whom, as I havo heard Grif say, you would give your life — ' ' For whom, if needed, I would give my life.' ' — If you knew that Jim Pizey, my baby's father, was his bitterest enemy, you would leave me to die alone — alone !' ' No Milly, dear, I would not. I know that Jim Pizey tempted my husband ; but he escaped, thank God !' ' You think so — come closer — take this letter — and by-and-by, not now' — she could not control her shudders as she said these words and gave Alice the letter she had stolen from Old Flick — ' by-and-by read it. It is from Jim Pizey ; he is a bad, wicked man, but I was living with him. If ever you see him, let him know that I am dead, and that with my last breath 1 asked you to for give him.' ' I will, Milly.' ' Alice — may 'I call you Alice ? — tbank you — Alice, my dear, say you forgive me, for any unconscious wrong I may have done you.' ' 1 forgive you, Milly.' 'God bless you 1 Ask him to give baby to some respectable people to keep, and nerer to come near it — do you hear me ? — nerer to come near it. He is baby's father, but he must never come near it, or she will be bad like me. Promise me this. I have no one else to ask.' ' I promise, Milly.' ' God be kind to you !' She lay quiet for a little while, and then she whispered, ' How dark it is ! Is the moon shining, Alice T 'Yes, Milly ; it is at its full.' ' Open the window, dear, and let it shine upon me. Thank you. What a dreadful day this has been, and how quiet the night it ! I can sea the moon — there is a ladder of light to it from my bed. There are figures moving about in the light — 1 see your shadow in it, Alice, with your dear eyes. Oh, God bless you, mv dear, for being by my side ! KIbs me again. Good-bye 1 Place my baby's hand to my lips. God bless you, baby, and make you good! Is that Grif 1 Good- bye, Grif?' « Good-bye, Milly/' said Grif, in a choking voice. 'And now, my dear, fold my hands once more. ?''Forgive me, God 1' A rippling smile passed over Milly's face, and in that smile she died. The light from the silver moon might have kissed away her life, ''she yieldedfit up so peacefully. For half an hour .no sound disturbed the silence. Then Alice,' after covering .the face of the dead girl, opened the letter. She read, and as she read, her eyei dilated, and with a shudder she sank into Grif s aims. But she recovered herself by strong effort, and reading a few more lines, cried, in a voice of such an guish, that Grif's knees trembled and. his face turned ashen white. ' Oh, Grif 1 Grif! my heart is broken !' 'What is it, Ally) Af* you ill?' 'Listen to me, Grif,' said Aliee, rapidly, and ia a voice of strong emotion. ' The crisis of my life has come. You said once that you would help mo if you could — ' ' And so I will !' cried the boy. ' With my life ! so help me G — !' ' This is a letter from Jim Pizey, that poor girl's associate. In it he details his devilish schemes. He discloses how he and his vile associates are going to rob.Highlay Station — ' ' Go on, Ally, go on,' said Grif, eagerly, as Alice paused to recover hor breath. 'That is my father's station, Grif. My father is displeased with me, and that in .the reason I am poor. He is rich — he always keeps large sums of money in the house ; and these men are goings to rob him — perhaps murder him.' ' '?:? ' Jim Pizey don't stick at nothin',' put in Grif, rapidly. ' I've heerd him talk of High lay, but I didn't know it was ynur father's. Let's go and tell the peelers.' . 'I cannot! 1 dare not!' cried Alice. 'For, oh, Grif! Grif! they have entrapped my husband, who knows where my father keeps his gold. They have entrapped him in the gang, and they, with my husband in their company, are on the road to rob and murder my father. If I tell the police, my husband is lost — loBt !' ' What can we do ?' ' We must get up there somehow. We must walk, if we cannot ridp. We must beg upon the road, Grif. They intend to wait — thank God ! we may he in time. They intend to wait, the letter says, until my father has in his house a very large sum, with which he is about to purchase a new station. It in the whim of the seller that he .should be paid in gold. We may be in time. Oh ! thou bene ficent Lord !' exclaimed the girl, as, falling upon her knees, she raised her streaming eyes to the bright heavens, which shown upon her through the open window. ' Grant my jrayer ! oave my nusDana ironi cms areaa crime, and then let me die !' A silence, as of death, was in the chamber. The glory of the moon shone full upon the upturned face of Alice, quivering with a strong agony, and upon the death-couch of poor Milly, whose life of shame was ended. ' You will come with me, Grif?' said Alice, presently. ' I am ready, Ally,' Grif replied. He had been quietly packing up the remains of his bread and sardines in a pocket- handkerchief. She turned to leave the room, but her eyes fell upon Milly's baby, who was lying asleep, with her hand on her dead mother's breast, She wrote hastily on a piece of paper, ' To the kind doctor who gave medicine to the poor girl who is dead : Take care of the baby, for the love of God !' and pinned it upon the child's frock. Then, with one last look — a look of blended pity and despair — at the form of the dead girl, Alice took Grif s hand, and went out with him into the open air. To be Continued. 