" W ilITEiLAW, THE MA PRTYR." \--- ---. C(INFIS~CATI,) Et'IAT'i<-A. PI OnrDE i SF)OR LE4GAL &AN;'IQUAlllI S.. The follorr:ng rrtelt from the Dundee Advertiser has been politely forwarded to us by the e iitor of the Aiuctralianu: Among.t those who sullerted for their rohegiouri opinions il -10q3 wtae a gentleman of the name of John Wh:tolaw, popularly kno.vn in-,the parisli of New M onkland, Lanarkshtir, is thuI " Mar yr," aid pro i,'ietor at the time of his deathl of the lauds of Bothtwollshields, an!d ijupp , ad also of those of Stand and 1)rum~lhnnnie. A. decailed account of his trial is -.till IL. lhe -,on at the liegiliter Iouse of :dllnlurglh in the " Re cords of Justierry;" -anrd from the)s rtecords it. appears he wais cOndEmmlEd to d.atl fior the following relsoura :-- ' FlSat, hi: refuised to say ' Gotl Htve the nKo. n;' econd, he staid he considerol t!E whole three niationE bound to adlhre to the Covenan::t tlhEy hat rec.tatly made; third. lie adLnittid he was present with the rebels at the rising it Bothwell-bridge, Ianl hadL a sword in. hia- t:ud; fartlh, he piuust-eld hIiinelt uiable to Idterraine whether the - tsas.ir.atiou of the Archbisltho of St. Andrew'e was lawful or unlawful.' On theseo grounds, says then old record of Justiciary from which we quota, the Lords Cornmis'ionera. conaiiting of the Ilon. Lords P1owlis of Colinton, Lockhart of COstlohill. Balfour of F~ rine, Hlog of Harcarso, and bairon of Pitmoddo, .by the mouth of Jamt s Johnson Dompster of Court, docerned and adjudged the said John Whirtlaw to be taken to the Market Cross of Edinbro, on Friday, the lest. day of November 16S3, and between the hboers-of two and four o'clook in the afternoon, to be hanged on a gibbet until be be dead, and all his lands, huritEges, . goods, and gear tao be forfeited und eshuloat to our Sovrerenn. Lord's use. This sentence wos carried into offle, and as a lo ter-- which ihas rocently c?me to light, after lying Eunmkncwn at the Roegister (louse of IElinbu:'rgh for nearly two hundred years-sliows was borne with heroic fortitud. In this lettor, written at " the Too -fonue"' or Tolbooth, SEdinburgh, either oil tie night previous to or rnlrling of of the tat rf' hi. execution, the S" Martyr" utters io conmplatinrt either against the sentence whilch had been passed upon him or, those who had passed it, lIut, deploring the apostney of the ago, and expressing a hope that better times would cornie bth for the Church of Scotland and the. country, states " this was tae sweetest daty he had over spont on earth," that " the Lord had ma to cold irons and tho want of lirha dlight-. some unto hirm," nd " all hit troubles to flo away," atnd concludes with the words, And now, arrewell, sun, moon, and str·-, ClhrItiau friends, and all er.,'itrd comforts; and wel . oIme lieaven and thl, spili's of just moil Srmiada puerfet, rind welcome, F'?ther, Simr, anid Holy Ghost, into whose hands I -colmit my spirit." - tu. h ai " a britef'outlino of the charnacter of Jothi Whitelaiw, es w- ll ?r of tho;orirnr for which he sufferaed. - Thr point, h"-wiv,'r, to which we wista to direct the attention of our renders, and more particriilrly of hIral anti qutries, is this--l-low happ 'na it that the estates of John Whitelaw have never been restored to'his lineal anid lrwlful de-condants, while it is well known that plro)1erties holong" ing to his contomporaries, cotliscated hat the saoen timen, are now in the possessioni ol the rilghtful owners? I-lo ,, is it that res'itutions hiave been made in so many other cases, and trthe ripresentatives of the Martyr of " Scand" are still in the position, in so far as infelt moat into io his lnds and heritares is con corned, as he mlnself was, after sentence of death andi forfeiture had beeoon passed upon him'l This will appeaour all tooe more Wondeor ful when it is borne in mind that William Ill , in the year 1004, nassed ran Act, rostor ring to their rightful ownels rind their descend aunts all forfeited estates. And that John Whitelaw's" estates were of considerable extunt Un wall as (of "vlrrir maty ht iaferred from tihe fact that thrv a tro specially men t tinned in an Act of Pa[linamtiin, liansed in 16C:?1, as " all aud I till, the said John SWhitelaw, his Loon arid lands of Bothwell ,t i:lal, with outia, biygiian, yeards, orchy.arils, imninr, woods, fi hii ns, larks, nuttadows, t rt;aiinge, shoaliri g," aud amr rriven by the Kitg to lhit " lovite," ,lames U'rquhart, of Knniockloith, uinlrir the great seal of hlis alpicjsrty't uncient King.iorr of Scotlrd, at Whiteiaill, on the 9i:h of .Matcr 1(631. No initirtal is mtade in the At rofiirrord to of the lairds oi' " Star, "' or " Irumihaliaunir," h' nt tl.itrei ara .podl rtasorens for 0 Jliiivin John stVhito:a wat :eoprtioitor ft t'iOe' pllc nEs well '? of IUthlwedlshielu. Somi inttr:,sing p:tica!., vina., r a irrbv e , toJnir i ,,, , W hitelaw still imiini to Ie mrlrionrrri. F'ron dlocra ma)tltd wliiEh htIvLi UO.aO Irh,,ldr our Erotico, it aplnp:ars thait lhi Miartyr had a v. if,., by whomr he haul two chilraon-a ii )r arid a daughter; that hIis wifo's ir,.t ws T'lhompsor ; anit thatt after tir ext'cution of iar hrusbanid hel remainoed for sounar tiiiu i lI)ossissioI of "Stard ;" thait aI Iotlr' of la-r. afterwards lived waith lire; thai the ib eryr'-. wife r.nd this brotheIr Unta,-red il:Ir a ca:;)tact to keep the children of Jlair WVhlitilanw igriraint of their posirion with a vilw of atrprorpriatinrg ii theoir owin ralvarnttgr'e hii riovairvcl. ilroperty ; that evettuntally Itr' daurigihter wavs imarriath to a rgentletan oar roftIe iriroe of Mrr biobes Douglas Dick ; th. tnt Chi i le.ntlemar warn. to Indi andl acqunulratel Ii largo torturao thtrte, died childlh:.,r and left a will boquoathing hirs I)rolrrrtty t) Ilia " bdhaiij·r o/ Jo/ l Yhitclawi Sthe Stlanld.' Iulereo, thtil, is thu lroblemn we I)o'pOl to Ilgal antiquraie :--Firet, why are the disocendanlats of Jlohn WVlhtulaw, the balrtyr, rlot in toiasesiion of thric pa:rimoniarl SinhrllUtatiIceI ? Second, what it?s lr'colro Of tlie will of. Mlr Frtleos Dorula?s Dickl Vuist I-cutiuary iyriteriutt, e inr iivulvred on thIe solu r tiori of thir tarllart l', oxclusivr of the l''opr'aty lek by liz' Forbes Dougblis Dick, a that,, lhft hy the M aitnyr', la?d it taoiountiled at tthe tiii of hi:j dearhl to oraIy two or tlircu StlrlaU;tiinra toaritisd (utiad thiS iS Uiakiar;"a ii inlde irito esbimatLe at its value), woalhil, with interest accumulating upon It for nearly two hundred years, coma to upward+ of a million sterling. A enntleman of undoubted voracity indeed states ho saw this sum imnatinned in a public notice which astpeared fourtoen years ago, calling upon the he?ars of John Whitelaw to comn forward and claim it. Attoempts were made then, and have, we believe, aeetn repeated bince by some of the deacoatlants of the Martyr to make goud their claim. For want, however, of.somae paporst, which have either been lost or destroyed, they have never been prosecuted with the energy adequate to the occasion and cornmmnurate with the vast property at stake. It only ramnins for us to add that the iloc.'ndlants of Juhn Whiteluw, the Martyr. both lineal and collateral, are numoamnu. Of the former, we blieve we are justified in saying that a Mr James Vlitelaw, at present inr Australia, is one; that the late Ma1tthew Whiteltw, Esq , of James' Placea, Links, Leith, was another a' also, of course, his sons, the Rev. Dr. Whitelaw, minister of Athalstaneford, and Matthew Whitelaw, Esq., of Comely Bank, hdinburglh, andi other ametn'aers of the lamily ; atnd seorn other individu:al. now living in LanarkeshIr. Should the Martyr's estates he recovered there ypill t, anu atpile share for each and tall of his dleacendanat, as well nas br those to whom we now prop(Jso this interest inj anid complex legal problem; and thus another page, nad by to taeaus tan utainstruc. tivo one, will be added to the " ltonmanco of HIistory." In a previous notice we attated that Mr John Whitelaw, editor of the Alexandra Timese, was one of the lineal descendants of Whitelaw, the Martyr. The following letters show that Mr Whitulaw huas alrteady rTeceived his share of the "utnconfiscated " portior of the Martyr's estates, as represented by the will of Forbes Douglas Dick, and that the problem abovo prop.titudatd has so far been solved. As regards tie "couli.ctated cstates," which were valued 45 yearn ago at over a atMillion sterling, tiate and money tire required to demonstrate this part of the " complex problem." and no doubt this will shortly be done : a 153 Sr. Vincent stroeet, Glasgow, December `22, 1871.-Dear Sir,-Wo received by last rmail your letter of the 7thl Octobbr, as to Douglas Dick's sucnession and your interest therein. In consequence we applied to Messrs J. and J Maltie and M'Luejcie, writers, Stirling, the agents of Mr,Dick's trustees, on the stbjeto, and we annex copy I of the raeply recoivedl from them, fiom whioh. you will see that there is no turther sum s comning from this estatta, and that the surn credited in our account of the a laryhill pro Sparty exhausted the succession. Since receipti of that sum we have not heard of any further sum coqning from this estate, and the papers in our possession show that the estate was then exhausted. WV, are afraid that the informnation you have receivdti of yortr relative succession to Douglas Dick mnust be incarreo,,' or otherwise ho had not not pro. º.viously received his s?are. If we can be of any further service to you in this or any other mtatter, we shall be glad to hear from you again. Meantime we remlain, &c.;, M'IKaEztI, GaRDNER, andI ALE.ANDER. John Whitolaw, E~t1., Editor Alexadra Times, Victoria. [Copy letter referred to.] Wall Craig. Port street, Stirling, Dee. 9, 1871,--Dear Sirs,-We were duly faivored with your letter of the 11th. There is nothing Itrtlher due or payable to your client, Mr Johln Whitelaw, from the Dlck's succession. 'l'ht paymnen nt made to you on tht 0:9h July, 1808, exhlausted the hnuccetsion.-Yours trtly, J. and J. IMeA^ritt atal AM'LucKta.. -1o Messrs MlKenzio, Gardner, and Alex ander. 