THE CAPTAIN OF THE VULTURE. " Lady Audhy's Secrct," "Aurora Floyd,' £c„ tfc., dc. CHAPTER XXIV.-(CONTINUED.) THE TK«AL OF MILLICENT DUKE, BY THE AUTHOR OF ON examination, tbe buttons were found to correspond. They were of a foreign make, and tore tbe arms of tbe King of Spam. No such buttons bad ever been bought in England. , . .' "'"Gentlemen or the, jury, exclaimed Horpoe Weldon—" what need can there be to delay you any longer upon this business 1 We have JIO occasion to press Captain Dulse as lo tbe motives of bis strange conduct. He Las been identified in open court by si* witnesses. My' client's innocence" is so selfevident that I call upon you to acquit her without leaving your seats." The judge spoke very briefly. " Gentlemen of tbe jury," he said—" I fully concur, in the words addressed to you by the counsel for the defence. The case appears to me to be a very simple one, and your course in the matter sufficiently clear." There was a little whispering amongst the jurymen, a suppressed murmur of applause ftom the crowd,' and a hysterical shriek of delight from Sarah Peclier. The foreman ot tbe jury rose to address tbe judge- But; before be could speak, Millicent Duke rose from her seat for the first time since the trial bad begun. She stood calmly facing the eager crowd, which had been so ready to condemn her for a witch and a murderess, and which was now as ready to applaud and pity ber as an innocent victim. She turned to the judge, and said, with quiet deliberation,— " I thank you, my lord, for your goodness to me ; but that man is not my husband !" Millicent,s counsel bad seated himself, and was busy collecting his papers. He rose to bis. feet as she spoke. \- " My lud, end gentlemen of the jury!" be said, " this day's proceedings have unsettled the mind of my client. I beg of you to pay no attention to this. Captain Duke, remove your wile." " I repeat," said Millicent, " that man is not my husband." •" O, I saw it, I saw it! I knew how it would be die day she spoke to me in her cell, poor innocent lamb! " exclaimed Surah Pecker, wringing her hands, as she atid Darrell advanced to take Millicent from tbe dock ; " I knew that ber sufferings were driving ber mad," " Let Mrs Duke's friends remove her from tbe court," said tbe judge. " I will not stir until I have spoken, my lord," cried Mrs Duke. " Do I look or speak as if T were mad ? That man is not my busband. George Duke was murdered on the night of the 30th of January last.- It was bis dead body which I saw stretched on the bed in the garden chamber, with the blood Streaming from a great gash in his throat. As for that man standing there, it is no new thing for to see the shadow of my husband. I saw it seven years ago, upon the pier at Marley Water, as the church clocks were striking twelve." Tbe story of Captain Duke's ghost, nar rated by Etamuel Pecker, flashed upon the spectators, and many a cheek grew pale at the thought that the man standing under the light of tbe flaring candles might be something more or less than mortal. The tnan himself looked at Mrs Duke with a savage scowl, " My wife is mad," be said. " Are we to j stop here all night to listen to her ravings ? " Will anyone ask that man a few questions said Mrs Duke. The barrister .who had defended ber replied. . If you really desire it, madam," he said; " but I warn you tbat " " I do most earnestly desire it." " Then.I am at your service." " Aks him if he has in his possession a t single -earring—a diamond set in Indian filigree work ?" -'The tnan took a little cavass bag from his •.waistcoat, opened it, and picked out a jewel, which he handed to the counsel. .'tPerhapsthat will satisfy my wife," he 'said: " The gem corresponds with your descrip tion, Mrs Duke," said the, barrister. Are you satisfied?" - \- " Not jet Be so good as to ask that man what.my husband said when he took that earring from me. The man laughed. .. "What ibonld a husband say when he takes a keepsake from his wife," he answered after a moment's hesitation ; " what could be say but promise Jo keep the treasure faithfully, .Bnd not to giro it away to any sweetheart he may pickup in foreign parts ?" • -" You tear, you hear 1" cried Millicent; "be cannot: tell me what George Duke said when he took that trinket from me seven years ago. Retold me that whoever came to me, calling himself toy husband, and yet was unable to produce that earring, would be an impostor.*' - " Then,".said tbe barrister, shrugging bis shoulders in evident impatience of bis client's folly, -" thB very fact .of this persan being able to produce tbe jewel is in itself a proof of bis identity*™ . Millicent put her hand po her forehead, and was silent for some moments. After a pause fihB Baidslowly,— " Whoever murdered ray husband carried away- his clothes. That earring was in the pocket of hiB waistcoat" \- There is an carnestress in tbe sincerity of ' die speaker which carries conviction to the listener. Fully as Mr Horace Weldon believed the man-standing before iim to be George Z)oke of the.Vnfture, be was, in spite of himself, shaken by the words and by tbe aspect ol JtlUB..qmet woman, who seemed bent on .knottingsfresh tbe rape which had just been loosed 'Apqpft/Mq^xfijfiji #u3j, of, .the human countenance, Mi!ljcent'e advocate beat bis grave eyes upon jthe fe^ce oftbe man in> the witness-box. From -him he looked a little ..-way to Jbe/Jight, Jwb^v.^iood the worthy Tbomas Mastetton^utider /watoh and ward -of ^ 'on(S *jf4h'e fiffioials,'befnB,efi *re know, only ^'ieuporariiy^eteased frotp prison to attend thi( ' trial The two men were locking Earnestly- Yp m was moving in a peculiar contortion, wbicb might be either a convulsive motion of that feature or a 6igual. It was a signal, for it was aocompanied by a rapid gesture of tbe hand—a kind ol gesture common amongst French thieves and vagabonds. " How dare you make signs to that gentleman, sir ?" exclaimed the barrister, fixing his eyes sternly upon Thomas Masterson. ''Let tbe gentleman .give mo the countersign," answered Thomas, " if he can ! If he can't, he has never been in the galleys, and be is not George Duke." " He is not George Duke ?" " No. I've bad--my suspicions ever .since I first swore to Jiim. If he is George Duke, Jet hiin strip off bis clothes, and show his bare shoulders in open court. If liu is George Duke, let bim show the mark of tbe braudingiron on bis back. Let bim show such a mark as I can show, for George Duke and I were taken tbe same day, and branded the same I suppose you will have no objection to do this, Captain Duke ?" said tbe barrister, after a pause. ^ The stranger's face flushed with' an angry red. " Egad!"' be cried, " I have 'an objection, and a strong objection too. Curse me, gentlemen^. must a man strip off bis clotbes in open court, and show a shameful mark burnt into hiE flesh by the enemies of his country, in order to prove his identity, after having been sworn to by balf-a-dozen competent witnesses ? Is n man to do this because bis mad wife chooses to deny her busband ? Gad's life ! its enough to rouse tbe spirit of the veriest milksop that ever trod British ground." He looked round defiantly as be spoke, and there was a murmur of applause in the court. " Come, come, sir," said tbe judge; " I do not wish you to do anything unpleasant to your own feelings; but this case is becoming involved in such a mystery as we may never be able to clear up. "Here are five people who swear that you are George Duke, and here are 'wo other people who swear that you are not George Duke. Tbe question must be settled before you leave the court; for it is a question upon which binges tbe guilt or innocence of the prisoner at tbe bar. You have no need to bate your shoulders in open court; you can withdraw with two gentlemen appointed by me, and show tbem the mark or tbe branding-iron." The man was silent. Then, after a long pause, he looked about him nith a scow), and Suppose I deny that I ever wai in tbe jys ?" " Then you throw fresh difficulties into the Thomas Masterson, has sworn that be and George Duke were taken together on board tbe Vulture tbe day she was burnt and sunk by the French; that they were sentenced to • gether, and escaped together early in last January." " Every word of which is gospel truth, my lord," said Tbomas, sturdily. At this juncture a weak voice interposed— a pale lace made itself conspicuous amongst tbe crowd round about Millicent, and Mr Samuel Pecker, of tbe Black Bear inn, claimed tbe attention of tbe court. " I know who it is," he said. " It's tbe ghost! Tbe ghost that asked tbe way to Marley Water—tbe ghost that met- Master Darrell upon Compton Moor, and rolibed him ot his pur.e and his horse, and was near taking bis life—tbe ghost Miss Millicent saw on the pier—the ghost Squire Ilingwood met in London—the ghost that called tor a glass of brandy, and paid for it, on the night of the murder!" The little innkeeper was wonderful to look upon in bis excitement. Thomas Masterson slapped bis clenched fist violently down upon the wooden ledge before bim. "Ghost!" he cried. "Lord save us! tbe man's no ghost. I know who he is. It's come upon me all in a moment, and I was a fool not to think of it before. That man is tbe bitterest enemy George Duke ever bad in his life.' r A ghastly change came over the man's face as Tbomas Masterson said these words, and be looked furtively round as if seeking some easy egress from the court. But he was hemmed in by tbe crowd, which had closed round him like a sea; and be could no more have escaped than if he had been bound band and foot by bandB of iron. " What! what! Thomas Masterson ?" exclaimed tbe judge, while the breathless spec tators stared all agape at tbe mariner. " I say that this man iB tbe man George Duke bated worse than be hated tbe French captain who burnt bis ship, or tbe French judge who sent bim to the galleys. I'd a'most forgotten the story,'for I've led too bard a life to think much of other men's family histories, but it comes back upon me to- night. That man is George Duke's twin-brother I" . " His brother ?'* •'Yesjbistwin-brotber; born in thesamehour and so like bim that tbe mother that nursed tbem could nevjer tell tbe two apart. Cap'en Duke told me the whole story one night when we lay off tbe coast of Africa in a dead calm. He told me bow be end his twin-bretber had fought together as babies in tbe cradle, and bated each other as helpless orphan boys. They were the sons of a mate on board a merchentman, and their father died of yellow fever off the coast of Jamaica before they were six years of age. The mother was a drunken jade, who turned her sons out to play in the gutters of Portsmouth, while she drank witb aDy one who would pay for ber liquor. George took to tbe sea, and ran away when be was fifteen years of age. The other boy, James, was a thief and a rascal as soon as be could run alone; and George had many a time to pay for his brother's delinquencies, for there wasn't a magistrate or constable in London that could tell one of the boys from the- other. James was a liar and a coward, always ready to sneak out of barm's way, and leave brother George io tbe lurch; and a few such tricks &B; these didn't go far to mend the hatred there was between 'em. So when George Duke took to seafaring life, bis last word on leaving England was tbe word tbat cursed his only surving kinsman and. twinbrother. Mind," added Tbomas Masterson, " I give the etory to you as tbe Cap'en give it to me. James Duke and me never clapped eyes on r each other before to-day, but I know of thein tbat know him." ' A singularstory,"Baid tbe judge, " and a etory that goes to' prove this man guily of peijury, unless he can contradict it." "Which I dare swear bp cannot, mylud," interposed Millicent's counsel. " If this man, who nas upon his'person the clotbes worn by George Duke vpoa'the night of his disap- j eirtUM/ Q^WWV^ M-UUV is'Bot' 1 UAVIGVWUNIH Geor^eDuke, how UWN «VW does MPJ he j ooowVfor thl^pbwUiion of those 4lotbeg i my lud ? I venture to Bay that this man 1b tbe murderer of his brother. He is identified by tbe witness Sarah Pecker as tbe man who called at the Black Bear within a few hours of tbe murder. He left a horse at tbe inn for three days, and sent a messenger to fetch tbe animal instead of returning himself to do so. He csmes into this court to-day with an improbable story, in order that, by passing himself off as the husband of Mrs Millicent Duke, lie may obtain possession of her fortune. Where haa be been, and what has he been doing since tbe night of George Duke's disappearance ? Let him bring forward witnesses to answer these questions, and in the meantime let him be placed in custody on suspicion of having committed peijury and -murder. I call upon you, my lud, to order the arrest of this man." The iudge expressed bis concurrence in tbe opinion of bis learned friend; and George Duke's shadow, or double, or twin-brother was removed. from the court to lie in Carlisle prison until further inquiries should set liiin free, or justify bis detention until the following assizes. Tbe jury then retired, and deliberated on the strange and conflicting evidence that bnd been put before tbem. The tide of popular feeling had completely turned as regards Millicent Duke; and the twelve honest citizens of Carlisle were not slow to agree to a verdict in ber favor. This verdict was received with unanimous applause. Millicent Duke WHS carried out of tbe court in tbe strong arms of ber cousin Dnirell. The feeble frame bad given way at last, and she had fallen into a swoon while Thomas Masterson was telling bis story. Early the next day they took ber back to Compton-on-the-Moor; not to tbe roomy old mansion in which the murder bad been committed, but to a pleasant chamber at tbe Black Bear, where she was faithfully served by Phoebe the pretty chambermaid. Faithful Sarah would have gladly tended ber dear Miss Millicent, but she bad ber bands full of snd work at this time, and could epare no time from her attendance on tbe sick bed of ber son. The race of Henry Masterson, alias Captain Fanny, alias Sir Lovel Mortimer, was wellnigh run. Before tbe spring flowers should bloom in the woods and hedgerows about Compton-on-tbe-Moor Sarah's newly-Jiiund so a bad passed away from this plensent earth. He lingered for upwards of a fortnight after Millicent's trial, and died in his mother's arms, conscious to Ibe last, resigned to bis early death, and honestly penitent for tbe wickedness and folly of bis tivief career. He was thunderstruck upon beating an account of the proceedings at Carlisle. " I fully thought lhat it was James Duke who was murdered," he said, " and that the unhappy lady had done tbe deed in some I paroxysm of madness or despair. I can do ! much to throw a light upon tbe business, and j to clear tbe lad3''s name, and tbus do one act of justice before I die; but I bad best tell my > story on oath before competent witnesses, as it may help to hang this man James, who, for tbat matter, is better out ot tbe world than in it, having never been of any service to a living creature." Tbat evening, in the presence of bis mother, Samuel Pecker, and Attorney Selgood, Captain Fanny made u deposition, which was carefully written down bv tbe lawyer, and afterwards signed by tbe sick man. In this statement the highwayman told bow James Duke had been first bis comrade and afterwards bis serrant. How he had been from first to last an ill-conditioned fellow, nicknamed by those who knew bim Sulky Jeremiah, and sometimes, by reason of !iis constant bad fortune, Unlucky Jeremipb. How tbe hatred between tbe twin-bmthers was well known to all who were acquainted with either ot them ; and how, on bearing of George Duke's disappearance, be, Henry Masterson, bad thought tbat James might profit by tbe circumstance to pass himself off for bis brother, and thus get possession ot the ! wife's fortune. This plan bad been discussed j and matured in London, when tbe highway- | man chanced to meet tbe wedding party upon , the steps of St Mary's churcb. This chance ! meeting decided Jumes Duke upon immediate i action. He started that night for Comptun- j on-the-Moor, having been fnroi»hed witbj money tor his journey by Captain Fanny; and having appointed to meet the higbwxy man, a week afterwards, at the Black Bear, and share witb bis old comrade and muster tbe fortune acquired bv tbe imposition. This was all that Henry Masterson cnuld tell; t ut it formed a powerful link in tbe evidence against tbe man lying in Carlisle gaol. Captain Fanny was sleeping under a turfcovered mound in Compton churchyard when Jumes Duke was placed in tbe dock, where , Millicent had so lately st iod, to take bis trial at tbe Midsummer assizes for tbe wilful murdei i of bis brother George. Link by link the chain of circumstantial ! evidence was torged. Every step of tlie accused from London t» < .'omptiin-on-tbe- Moor was tracked liv one witness and Knottier; . but tbe most damning of all tbe evidence : againet hiin was that given l>y tbe ostler uf « small inn on a cross-road thirty miles from Compton, where James Duke had hired u horse, and whither be hud returned on foot at dusk on tbe evening after tbe murder, carrving witb hiin a bundle, and sneaking iuto the . inn-yard like A thief, with his clothes all bespattered by blood and clay; the foul marks Iieing caused, be said, by a full from 'lis horse, which he bud left for 'hat reason at Comptonon-tbe-Moor. Tbe boy who had been sent to fetch the horse also gave evidence, end told how tbe prisoner had promised bim a guinea on condition tbat be refused to answer any questions that might be nsked him at Compton. So James Duke was bung at Carlisle; and a fair headstone was set up by Millicent's command over .tbe disfigured remains that bad been found in the pond, bearing a brief inscription to tbe memory of George Duke, who .was cruelly murdered by his twin-brother on the night of tbe 80th of January 17—. 