STRANGE AFFAIR AT BALLARAT EAST. - [From the Ballarat Courier, June 30th.] About 7 or 8 o'clock on Saturday evening a butcher named Penhalluriack, residing in King street, Melbourne road, went to the Eastern sta- tion and informed Sergeant Larner that all the win- dows in his house were being smashed in by some mysterious agency ; that up to that time 23 panes had been broken, and although himself and many of his neighbours had been on the watch, they had been unable to discover the perpetrator of the outrage. What made the occurrence the more alarming was that his wife lay ill in bed, having been confined, only a day or two since. Con- stable Smith was immediately despatched to the house where he found matters as described by Penhalluriack. The windows were partly boarded up, and blankets hung in front of them ; but strange to say even while Smith was in the house, two or three panes were broken. When he went into the front room a pane was broken at the back ; when he went to the back another pane was smashed in the front window. The affair caused a good deal of sensation in the neighbourhood, and crowds of people surrounded the premises-everybody being on the alert, but nobody able to detect the agency by which the windows were broken before their eyes. Of course, there was talk of spirits, ghosts, and similar nonsense ; but our reporter, on visiting the place last night with Sergeant Lamer, became convinced that the dastardly outrage was the work of some malicious wretch, who seems to have a design upon the life of the poor woman lying helpless in bed. Dr. Dimock, who has been attending Mrs. Penhalluriack, states that something serious, if not fatal, may follow upon the shock to his patient caused by the atrocity. One or two panes were broken yesterday whilst Dr. Dimock was in the house, but strange to say, not a pane was cracked in the window of the bedroom where Mrs. Penhalluriack is lying. Several stones were found in the house and these appear to have come from the outside but there is a very strong theory that some of the panes must have been broken from the inside. The back yard is close fenced all round, and a low verandah shades the two back windows, in addi- tion to which blanketing was hung upon the verandah in such a way as to make it next to im- possible that a stone could reach the windows from the outside ; yet several of the top panes were broken after those precautions had ben taken, and one of these panes was certainly struck on the inside, as the glass is bulging outwards round the small hole made by the pebble. The only persons who were in the house whilst most of the smashing was going on were Mrs. Thomas, the nurse, and a servant girl named Percifone Jonva. The former was in close attendance on her patient ; but the latter, a young woman of about 20, was doing the household work, and states that she had several narrow escapes of being struck by the stones, some of which came bouncing into the room just as she was entering it. One or two of the stones, on being picked up, were warm, as though they had been carried in some person's pocket. Mr, Penhalluriack states that he is not on very friendly terms with a neighbour named Ransome, who, strange to say, gave a woman named Margaret Clarke into custody on Saturday for wilfully breaking one of his windows. Ransome strongly denies having anything to do with the outrage at Penhalluriack's. [From the Ballarat Courier, July 1st.] The mysterious window-smashing which caused so much sensation in King-street, Ballarat East, on Saturday and Sunday last, was the subject of conversation throughout the whole of yesterday, and we are pleased to be in a position to state that the perpetrator of the outrage has been discovered. The servant girl, Percifone Jouva, attended the Eastern Court yesterday morning, either out of curiosity or as a witness in the case of Margaret Clarke, who was fined for breaking a window in the house next door to Penhalluriack's. Bofore the girl took her de- parture from the Court she was interrogated by Sergeant Lamer as to the window-breaking in her master's house. She gave very shifty answers and appeared uneasy in her manner, and seemed glad to escape the cross-examina- tion to which she was subjected, but stoutly asseverated that she was ignorant of who was to blame. Suspicion, however, had fallen upon her, and Detective Hyland paid a visit to the house. In her absence the dress she wore on the Saturday was searched, and some water- worn pieces of quartz or small pebbles, similar to those which had done so much mischief, were found in the pockets of the dress. On her return she was interviewed by Hyland, and after considerable hesitation and much prevarication, she admitted that she " just broke two of the panes out of a lark !" Penhalluriack was present when she made this confession, and he urged her to tell the whole truth, on the promise that she would not be punished ; but she was afraid to tell Hyland more, as she said he would take her away. Shortly afterwards Sergeant Larner arrived, and on Penhalluriack's promise that he would not appear against her to prosecute, she made a clean breast of it to the sergeant, and said that she smashed the whole of the windows without the aid of an accomplice. She only did it for fun, she said ; but a remark which she had previously passed to one of the children leads to the belief that she had a far more serious motive. As the police have determined to take some action in the matter, she will probably be brought up at the Eastern Court this morning. We shall not give publicity to the girl's statements whilst the case is subjudice, but it is evident that she is a wilful and dangerous person, from her conduct in previous "situations." She had only been a fortnight in Penhalluriack's employ, but long enough for the children to be able to tell of various small acts of deceit that she wished to have hidden from their mother. It appears that she was very uncomfortable whilst Larner was in the house on Sunday night, and told Mrs. Thomas that she " wished he would take his eyes off her." Directly the house- door closed-upon him when he left the premises, there was another demonstration. A stone came flying across the room in which Penhalluriack was seated with two neighbours. The girl was passing into the adjoining room at the moment, but she stopped to say- "There's another of 'em ;" and sure enough there was another, but nobody could tell from what direction the pebble came. How- ever, from that moment she was closely watched, and shortly afterwards she told Penhalluriack that he could go to bed, as she was sure no more stones would be thrown that night. Mrs. Pen- halluriack was seriously ill during the whole day yesterday, but it is hoped now that the perpe- trator of the outrage has been discovered, the invalid will progress favourably towards con- valescence. After her confession, the girl was taken to her own home by her mother. Her father is a Greek, following the occupation of a miner, and is not at present in Ballarat. During Sunday and yesterday hundreds of people visited the house where the alleged ghost was carrying on such mad pranks, and there was considerable excitement in the neighbourhood. 