bishop barker at bathurst. "We .ire sorry to see that the Bishop of Sydney, in his. progress through Bathurst, has lifted up the flag ofDenominationalism in the common schools. From our high respect to Dr. Barker we should always wish to hold his views on most questions in great respect ; but because we are con vinced that lie is wrong on the question of public education, we regret exceedingly his Bathurst deliverance. We confess that the reasons which he gave for rejoicing in the Church School, and for advising the clergy, church- wardens, and local hoard to adhere' to the denominational system, strike us as remarkable, weak, and unlike the Bishop's usual masculine utterances ; and, besides, they seem ex tremely contradictory of his thought that a " school for higher class education might he established in connection with the Church of England and other Protestant denominations." Surely it seems contra dictory to advise churchmen to maintain their denominationalism in the primary , school — to love it, and be earnest about it, bccatise the school will be opened with prayer, and the books of the Church of England will be used ; and then to suggest that the Church of England and other Protestant denominations may units in establishing a school "higher than the primary." What is good for the higher might be good for ' the primary, and vice versa ; but if every denomination is to love its own, and insist upon its own books, &c.;, co- operation even of Protestant sects must surely be an end 1 . We exceedingly regret also the dubious utter in ces of Dr. . Barker concerning the Roman Catholic "ladies" j who set up " Convents" and entice ' the daughters of Protestants to go to their schools. "He did not desire to say a single word against those ladies, for he commended them for their -zeal, and thought "the Church of England ought to take a leaf out of their book.", We say that while we can understand what the Bishop meant, it is most unfortunate lan guage to be ' sent abroad in the public papers as the sentiment of the head of the , Church of England in this colony. , The Bishop did not need to "say one > word against those ladies;" but surely it was his duty in the particular circumstances of Bathurst, to warn his people energetically .against their system? I-Ie "commended their zeal ;" but surely there was need for . something more outspoken than this — viz., to expose the falseness of their zeal, to denounce the unscriptural principle on which their sisterhoods arc built, and to claim on behalf of Protestant female purity that the enforced celibacy of " those ladies" is a reproach upon the divine institution of marriage. We confess our selves astonished that a Bishop, married, and having his. with him, could refrain from protesting that " those ladies," affect ing peculiar sanctity and m«rit in conse quence of their celibacy, deserve, on that account alone, to be avoided by every Protestant matron and maiden in. his Protestant communion. If Dr. Barker would commend the zeal of " those ladies," he ought to have said that it Avas on the same principle on which the zeal of the devil is to be commended also. The devil is far more zealous and watchful than Christians, even than Protestant Bishops ; for even Jesus Himself remarked that "The children of this world are wiser in their generation that the children of light." Catch a Romish bishop " com mending anything in Protestants without making it peifectly plain that he abhorred the heresy which is known as Protestant ism !" Then Dr. Barker said that he thought the Church of . England might take a leaf out of " those ladies book." God forbid 1 Take-no leaf out of " those ladies' book." Let the Church of England take a- leaf out of the book Paul or Peter or John, and it will be safe and ready for " every good Word and work." Let the abominations of convents; and convent principles and convent ladies' rest with Rome. Let the Church of England be pure. We would not imitate of emulate even the zeal of Rome. Her policy is corrupt, and all her success deserves to be abhorred. Voluntary?! abstinence from marriage on the part , of ladies who wish to devote their life to useful labour, is one thing ; but the lady who will do so ought not to be confounded with the "lady"- who acts upon celibacy in order to gain a higher holiness than the married matron, and thinks by her celibacy to save her soul. Such horrible insults to a divine ordinance ought never to be alluded to without special protest against their iniquity. One of the country papers, the Denili- quin 2'imes, gives us a little insight into the domestic economy of that peculiar community which exists among us as a religious denomination called " the church," but which is really a political body, ruled and directed by agents on the spot in favour of a foreign power. The priest of Deniliquin dates a letter from the "priest- house " to the Catholics of the district, per favour of the newspaper, stating that by " direction of the Bishop " the " Pope's annual collection will be taken up on Sunday July 6th." Here is an institu tion acknowledged of an annual levy on the " subjects " of the Pope for the sup- port of his dignity and government. Here are the bishops the directors of the levy as to time and method ; and here are the priests, as the taxgatherers, directed by authority to collect the money for the Pope's annual expenses. It may be said, of course, that no one can object to this as the contribution is voluntary ; and that if Catholics in Australia will be subject to a Pope they have a perfect right to spnd money to support hiin. We deny both statements. The contribution is not in any sense " voluntary it is exacted under false pretences ; and in many cases it is, wrung from people who have little to give, by the most shameful impostures on the credulity of their ignorance. If any pedlar, or fortune teller, or necromancer, were to raise money over the country on the same" pretences on which the agents of the Pope raise their annual collections in his favour, he would be put in prison for the good of the ignorant. But the ignorant might , say " if we please to support some master Pretcnler at a distance, and send him our money through his appointed agents, who has a right to interfere ?" The law claims the right to interfere'; and never any pretender deserved such inter ference, so truly as the Pope. Here is a man claiming powers and- prerogatives higher than. .those of : all, men,;, claiming to be tho Vicar of Christ and ,the vicegerent of God ; claiming to be the infallible voice of God to the world ; churning to be above 'all' kings and rulers, and ; to have the supreme government of the universe; claiming to open heaven to his friends and: to consign to peixlition those who oppose him; and claiming to nullify all laws oaths and engagements which are. contrary to his will, and to the good of his. church and this man, by virtue of his claims, directs his higher officials in this colony, and they their menial subalterns, to raise money for him, under the terrors of bis curses and purgatory, and under .the pledge of blessing and merit. What is this? If such pretensions ought to be tolerated, and the ignorant and superstitious left to' the mercy of priestly taxgatherers, it will be difficult to explain Avhy smaller pre tenders and impostors should be denied "free trade," unless it be on the ground that they are " smaller." Of course, our Attorney-General will give a different " opinion ; but let our Protestant peoples maik this fact for .their especial edification, and as a special reason for their "Protest ant organizations," that the Pope has his agents throughout the colony who, under the name . of bishops, direct their tax- gatherers, under, the name of priests, to collect an annual levy of money, with. the usual incentive, to liberality, of release from purgatory, and- admission into heaven ; . and that this money, raised by .hook and crook, is sent out of , the colony for- the support of a man at Rome, who breathes out threatenings and slaughter " against every civil and religious; liberty at present enjoyed in the world ! . Since writing this note we notice that " James " of Maitlaricl is making the same levy on the subjects of the Pope in the Hunter district. Papers by the Mail tell us that the usual strife has begun among the Cardinals at Rome as to who should be the next Pppe when. Pius IX. expires. The Pope's health is bad, and, at liis great age, his demise is expected to be very sudden. The place is fixed where the Cardinals ,and their secretaries will be shut in until they can agree as to whicli of th'em is, to be the channel of Infallibility and Apostolical, suc cession. There are now several candidates in the field. Intrigues have already been at work to get a majority for each who is supposed to be the favourite of men and heaven ; but as to one there is a very earth-born reason to secure him votes. He is old, so old that his election, is advocated because it would give breathing' time to the Holy Fathers to see how things are likely to go, and what are the chances of a revolution at Rome. It is expected by the Cardinals that when Pius is no more the Italian .Government will either be weakened or strengthened ; and the regime of Emmanuel either overthrown or con solidated. In view of a revolution un favourable to them they have been apply- ing to M. Thiers, for the privilege to meet at Avignon, in France, if Rome become too hot for them during the election ; but M. Thiers has refused, on the ground that in the event of an outburst at Rome of anti-papal feeling, and in the event of the election of some peculiarly obnoxious per sonage, France might be led into un pleasant complications. And so, the Holy Fathers being left Jto their wits, and being unwilling to expose themselves and their cause to possible dangers, the favourite notion seems to be that if an old and dying Cardinal were chosen m the room of Pius, there would be time given to them to turn about and see how matters are likely to fall. This is admirable as a piece of human policy and management ; but it is a sorry exhibition of "Holy Spirit guidance," and of divine arrangement for the purpose of conveying Infallibility from age to age ! This plan has been followed more than once. Sixtus V. was elected in this way, and because he was expected to die soon. But Sixtus was as crafty and far-seeing as his brother Cardinals; and the Romish " Holy Ghost " sided with the de ceit which he practised. Anticipating that there would be a make-shift election, Sixtus pretended for long to be so ill and frailj coughing and gasping, that he was regarded in the college of Cardinals as a frail old man; and, as he limped on- crutches, lie was thought by them to be the very one who would make a good make-shift Pope, to give them time for a more, satisfactory election. On the day of election he feigned peculiar illness. He was very frail, coughing and limping, and showing that he was really near the grave ; but as soon as he succeeded in decoying his brother Cardinals into electing him as a 'make-shift' Pope, lie took his crutches from under his arm, - and, pitching ; them into the air, lie sprang across the chapel like a youth of twenty years, and . proclaimed that how lie had received health ' and strength to . govern God's church 1 . Of course Infallibility needed such fraud ; and the election so accomplished was "the Holy Spirit " ; guiding the Holy Fathers- ! Infallible Sixtus .was just as infallible as. Pius IX. The holy Cardinals have much need to move with caution. Old or young,, their choice, if they really make choice, will find that the Popedom is now what it never was before — on its last legs, and, by its . very effort to live, is expending its life- blood. The whale that is struck by the harpoon is very pow.erful Avhen it spouts: its stream of water and blood higlf into the air ; but the force of: the spout is, the means of death as the exhaustion of its life-hlood. And so with Popery ; its pre sent zeal and spread, is an exhaustive effort ; but the beast must die. We hope the Rca\ . Mr. Palmer of Petersham - will not be too. elevated by reason of the praises which our Sydney Freeman is bestowing upon him lis the champion of "religious principle educa tion." . Praise from an enemy ought to excite suspicion in his mind. When those who denounce his church as 'no church, his bishop as .no bishop, end himself as no priest or presbyter, and tell him that his " religion " is a damnable heresy, praise him for his efforts to 'establisli..a school in Avliich " religious principle . education" Avill be given, he has much need to .re examine his position. Can it be right Avhen he finds the enemy of 'his Protest antism clapping hands and saying, " Go it, Palmer ?" There surely must be some' secret in this. And it is not far .to find. The Romanists Avill come up Avith smiles to foregather Avith the Church of England Avhen they think that by doing so they will gain a point. They Avill flatter, the denominationalists of all sects as. "iiberal," " enlightened," " intel igeat," and " Chris tian," and say to tllem; " Sirs, Aye be brethren but it is on this hypocritical principle that while the principle. of denominationalism is maintained, they may be able to perpetuate, at the public expense, their anti-na'.ional and anti- British teaching of the children, by which, they hope ultimately to destroy tlie very sects which have helped them to power ! The object of the Romanists is, to Roman ize their children, - and through them to Romanize the whole community ; but .they find that they have no chance unless they haAre power in the schools Avhich are aided by the public purse; and, in order that they may blind the public to their object, they put up Protestant puppets and praise Protestant denominationalists, not because they have the least sympathy with them, but because by means of such " pious frauds" they hope to Avin their own selfish objects. We hope Mr Palmer Avill appreciate his Avork and position. But let him knot,- this, that if by his help the Romanists get their object they will turn upon him with the very power which he has helped to give them. We observe that the draining process has begun. At a meeting of St. Mary's Building Fund Committee, last Aveck, it Avas reported that £500 had been collected. Upon the strength of this the Committee Avere authorized to contract for the fur ther erection of the building. So, if the " St. Mary's Gold Mining Company" for the erection of the Cathedral has proved a bubble and an intake, the priests have resolved to work the " old diggings" — viz., the pockets of the servant girls and the tills and bank accounts of such of their people as are susceptible to the surplus " merits" in heaven, and the reduction of purgatorial pains by so many hundred days. The Roman Catholic people and. their priests give in this a singular illustration of their shrewdness respectively. For example, Avhen the people Avere offered the worldly advantages of shares and dividends in " St. Mary's Gold Mine," situated some- Avhere near the " back of beyont," with their natural slireAvdness they shrugged- their shoulders and looked knoAvingly at their masters, saying, " Oh, you have now come into the region of our understanding and private judgment,' <vc., and as business people accustomed to count pounds shil lings and pence, Ave have only to ask, ' do you see anything green ?' " The Roman Catholic people understood too Avell their OAvn interests to be gulled Avith " F't. Mary's; shares and dividends ;" and, there fore, notAvithstanding the assurances of their, pastors -that tlie mine was a certain fortune to all the shareholders, " they told their pastors that they did not believe them , as share-mining and brokering Avere not in their " Holy Commission" to teach all nations 1 " Well," said the priests, " Ave will be up sides with you. .7, You won't believe us when Ave offer you St. Mary?s shares and 'dividends. You think our scrip Avorthless. ' You think the fortunes we promise moonshine. You are ' right entirely.' But Ave .are as : shrewd as you, in our own line. Purgatory and merits in heaven are Avithin our ' Holy . Commission'. We bid you, therefore, Vshut up your ' private judgment' .on- this great question of ' faith ;' and we require. of you, on - the peril of your souls, and as you would h'ope "for ' repose' beyond the graye, and a speedy escape from the terrible fires of tlie middle place,, to give your money to complete St. Mary's Cathedral !-" Aud io! tho shrewd ness of the priests beats the shreAvdness tf the people; for immediately, when the priests appear, to dig. in the -mine;; of "faith," the poor deluded people yield up . their coin with marvellous facility, that they may get merit in heaven and repose in purgatory! We do not doubt, that before the .Cathedral is built there will be .nmny a case of extortion and oppression-— indulgeiice-selling and merit-bartering. The priests have iioav struck upon, the '.' payable vein ;" for there is nothing so "rich" as servant girls " stuff," mourning widoAvs, weeping mothers, disconsolate friends, and fast young gentlemen and ladies who think nothing of money when, they Avish to save their souls from purga tory or perdition ! Praying- has commenced: in England for the success, of the Carlist movement in Spain for the restoration of the old regime- there. Those who are so engaged, and who' are saying paternosters "'with this in tention, are complaining .that the English Catholics are so supine in this good Avork; They , think that if the Avholc Catholics body in England, with ;Dr. Manuing at their head, with the Irish body ancl Dr. Cullen bringing, up the rear, Avere to arise and call upon the saints, upon the most glorious ' Joseph, Avho has recently been chosen trs the protector of the church, and upon holy Mary; avIio is: always tlie" most poAverful scatterer of heresies, the result Avo'uld be certain, that all the unconse- crated aspirants to the .Spanish throne would collapse, and the undoubted Isabella, or the legitimate son of that most virtuous Queen, \vould regain the sceptre and throne ! Hoav extraordinary it is that there should be found people in England, Avliere constitutional liberty ancl equal laAvs are enjoyed by everybody, so blind to their priA'ileges, and so selfish in their possession, that they lia\Te no sympathy with people in other countries ivho are struggling to possess the same advantages 1 Instead Of praying for Carlist success, if, those devout persons Avould just go over to Spa-in for twelve months, and join the Carlist party so as to taste the sweets by- actual experience, we fancy that their- praying would take another direction. . 1 "Husband, I don't know where that boy got ' hiB bad temper. I am sure, not from me." "No, my dear, for I don't find that you have- lost any." State of Affairs in New Zealand. — In no -part of her Majesty's dominions is the law so entirely set at defiance as in New Zealand, by the Maoris. Historians will have to note the fact with words that will be more pointed than the memorable words of Russell, when he des cribed the appearance of the Highland Brigade, at Balaclava, when about to be charged by the Russians. Another murder has just been com mitted by the Maoris under a chief named Purukutu. The murder took place near a swamp over the confiscated boundary. The above-named native had some imaginary claim to the laud on which T. Sullivan (who was mur dered) and two men were ditching ; but lie had mo legal claim in reality, but was acting in an official manner under the Maori King, (?) Tawhiao, to keep the boundary line clear of Pakehas (Europeans). Fancy such a thing as this existing in a colony under the British fiag. No other country in the world would tolerate each a disgraceful occurrence. However the colonial policy is to spend vast sums yearly in bribing the natives to keep quiet, till at last they begin to think they are the superior race, and declare peace or war whenever they like. Moihi, acting under the King's orders, would mot allow the King and Hau Hau Maoris to cross the boundary to purchase clothes, &c.;, therefore they had to wear their old blankets,. &c.; ; hence his name Puru — to keep — Kutu a louse ; — meaning in consequence of being obliged to wear their old clothes so, they had to Jkeep dirty. He was dreaded by all friendlics because of his hatred to the settlers ; and with the exception of arms -and ammunition he would mot purchase a single article from the store keepers, only wearing a mat manufactured at Rome. He acted entirely by the King's orders, and to the King alone is he responsible for -what has been done. He has now about 500 followers. The Hau Hau Maoris say they want to kill three other Europeans in different places then they will keep quiet. The policy of the present Government is a complete break down — that is, towards the Maoris. The Government said, through J. Mackay, Esq., that if Purukutu was not given up on or before the 20th May, 1873, they would ,be obliged to take him ; however he is not taken yet, nor ever will be by rewards. A celebrated chief, Raihi, represents the genealogical tree of those interested in the Pukekura block of land as being the grantors of the lease, and Purukutu's (the murderer) as only a leaf to that tree. Another chief, Arelniu Te Wahawa, says, "No, mot even a pakewhe" (not even a leaf). Before the lease of tiie land in question was granted, the couit was adjourned twice with intervals of miontlis between to allow the claimauts to attend, and the third time J udge Rogan decided that the present granters were the proper owners of th : land, and all was settled (after a long and searching inquiry) to the satisfaction of both the settlers and Maoris. After all this Purukutu said he had a right to the land and therefore killed Pakelia to show his dislike to the whole race of Englishmen. The result is, the Government have spent large sums of money trying to bribe natives to hand him over, and have offered a reward of £3000 for the appre- ' tension of four supposed murderers. But as a Maori chief informed me the other day, if the Pakeha Government had offered a million per Read it would have beeu all the same. The couoequence is that the settlers are in doubt what to do, and between thirty to for y settlers have spent over a quarter of a million pounds in purchasing land, rents improvements. &c.;, over the boundary ; these settlers are told Ry the Government that they cannot be pro tected, although they have received 10 per cent, as a fee to see their titles are all correct, let alone stamps, fines, &c.; We are sure the readers of this who live in Australia will hardly be able to credit it. The Maoris say, "our hearts are softened" by the will of their great war God, and they can now conquer us. Perhaps they can — who can tell? Missions to Romanists. — We insert the Rev. Mr. Eccles' address at the annual meeting of the British and Irish Baptist Home Mission, held in Bloomhsbury Chapel, Loudon, on the 29th April last, Sir S. Morton Peto, Bart., in the chair, and the report states that he was supported by a strong phalanx of speakers, and a large audience. Our readers will rejoice to Rear that this Society is doing a great and glorious work in Ireland. They have about thirty evangelists constantly employed in that unfortunate country. Each of them is an itinerant preacher, holding, on an average, six services every week. Their duty is to teach and preach the Gospel in cabins, barns, halls, school- Rouses, market places, at wakes and funerals, as well as in regular places of worship. Several missionaries have seven or eight stations under their care ; one has eleven, another twelve, another twenty. These facts should be known to, and have the warmest sympathy of, every Protestaut in New South Wales. The Irish Church Mission Society is also carrying on successful missions to Roman Catholics on a much larger scale, having been the means of gathering several thousand children of Romau- asts into controversial schools, and filling several new churches of converts. The Irish Society works among the Irish-speaking people by getting readers to read the Bible to them iu the Irish language, — aud the Presbyterian Church Ras direct missions to the same religionists. Prosperity to all and each. Opening the Eves of the Blind. -A friend at Liscomb's Greek prescribes a valuable eye- opener for the Mayor of West Maitland and Dr. Morson, both Protestants (as reported) who went -to pay homage to the Romish Bishop on his return from Rome. A blind man, touching with a Randkerchief the bier on which lay the bones of Saints Gerasius and Podosius, and then applying It to his eyes, recovered his sight. It seems the jBishop has these relics — for the recipe is — " Let \- Mr. Mullen and Dr. Morson ask the Bishop to Re allowed to touch the bones with a handker chief, which might afterwards be applied to -their eyes." Whatever the virtue or no-virtue mi the bones, there is no doubt that both Mayor and Doctor want their eyes opened. Protestant Infidelity. — There are times -when! a few words fitly, spoken have a more telling effect than would a. multitude upon other occasions, and to neglect sach opportunities when the interest of vital religion is concerned, amounts almost to criminality against , society, treason against truth. The Pulpit and Press are Jtoth admitted to be most powerful agents for good— truth may bo poured forth from each like water; yet if the most besetting evils be not Eointed out and denounced, tbeir silence may e accepted as a negative kind of sanction for their continuance ; and as no middle path has yet been discovered in either religion, morals, or principles, there ought to be no parleying by either Pulpit or Press with what is known to be unfavourable to a healthy development of those virtues. It cannot be said of the Protestant Pulpit that the truth is not preached, yet it may bo questioned whether the great apostacy is sufficiently, exposed aud condemned. It is however a fact that the truth may be proclaimed by thousands of voices from as many pulpits or Elat forms, and yet the most soul-killing errors e passed by unnoticed. So with the Press — vicious customs, if not absolutely commended, may be so toyed with as to flourish rather than become scorched under the editorial pen. If the great truth, so simply expressed in the following lines, " As o'er the sea-beat shore I took my way I met an aged man, who bid me stay ; Be wise, said be, and mark the path you go, This leads to heaven , and that to hell below," were always kept in mind, surely all who assume the shepherd's crook, or act as guides or instructors would be cautious to erect finger posts at every turn where deviation is likely to occur. There arc but two great highways through this world, and when the exquisite per formance of this or that actor, the beauty of the scenery to be witnessed at such and such a theatre, or the exciting enjoyments to be had at this or the other racecourse expressed in tbe most accurate phraseology of the turf, is heralded forth week after week by ministers of the Gospel, church members, religious philanthropists, or Sunday-school teachers, it cannot be wondered at if some believe the two roads to have the same end, it being a matter of taste rather than consistency which is trodden. At any rate such favourable reviews of "the world, the flesh, and the devil," must act as a stronger induce ment to participate in such demoralising pleasures than a cart load of playbills. It would be wrong to deny tlierc is a possibility (if " making the best of both worlds ;" but to dis countenance on one day only out of seven vices which breatho moral pestilence, and pocket the gains arising from tlieir reported attractiveness the remaining six, is very like to dispensing the antidote first and afterwards scattering the poison it was intended to neutralize. I once attended a lecture in Sydney, delivered by a gentleman who wears the prefix of Rev. to his name, upon Maliomedanism and Christianity, and the means their respective founders employed to establish their different religions. When the lecturer, after tracing the rise and progress of the former, came to speak of Christi anity and its founder, his feelings so over powered him as to eliokc his utterance and fill his eyes with tears. ' ' Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth spcaketh," was not in this instance illustrated, this portion of the lecture being dispensed with, the pastor of the church apologising for the abrupt termination of the lecture. I have ofton thought this was a lost opportunity of placing in fine array witli the impostor of Mecca the greater impostor of Rome, whose sword has shed more Christian blood than that of Mahomet. Romanism has placed more hindrances to the spread of the Gospel than Islamisin ever had the opportunity of doing. There is very little need of warning us, of the dangers of Mahometanism, nor is there much fear that it will ever exercise any in flueuce over the counsels of our nation, or amalgamate with Protestantism. The followers of that false prophet never made any secret of their doings or intention ; but the followers of the Pope come to us as wolves in sheep's clothing. The poor fanatic who said " There is but one God and I am bis prophet," must not be mentioned in comparison with him who declared himself to be more than a prophet — holding the very keys of God's dwelling place and forbidding whom soever he will to enter. To be very courageous in breaking a lance with a defunct enemy, or one too far off to notice his antagonist, or to inflict any injury to person or pocket, is an easy way of earning tbe titleof "defenderof the faith," or acquiring renown as a champion of humanity. Perhaps it would have been too personal to some friends had the lecturer placed these two impostors in the same ear. If Islauiism's gaunt figure has blighted the greater portion of the East, the no loss blighting shadows of Popery have marred the fairest portions of the West, and this is most interesting to Europeans. Another lost opportunity occurred a few weeks ago. A minister now absent from tbe colony, when supplying a vacant pulpit one Sabbath evening, took for his subject " the Deluge," and drew the greater part of his discourse from a review of Dr. Pye Smith's work upon the "Harmony of Scripture and some parts of geological science," and concluded by directing the attention of his hearers to the calamities which had befallen France and Spain, and which he attributed to the judgment of God for their sins of licentiousness and warlike spirit. Here was a gentleman who had often been an eye witness of the misery and degradation to which Popery has chained his countrymen, introducing by name into his discourse two nations whose equals for bigotry, superstition, intolerance, ignorance, and infidelity are not to be found, ignoring the chief cause of all tlieir mis fortunes. It is a fact that Popery is the most disturbing element in all tbe world, tbe condition of Ireland has for many years proved this, and is every day proving it ; were it left to itself and the priests who exercise such an unconstitutional iutluence over it, it would soon become like Poland of old ; tbe priesthood would transform it into a pandemonium. That charity which can find a rod for some evils and a Balve for others and permit idolatry and other customs opposed to true religion to grow unre- proved under its very nose, is a spurious article, and has no alliance with Christianity. Indolent peace is preferred to conflict with prevailing oi fashionable errors. Tlio spirit of Christianity ie essentially warlike, assaying itself agaiiist.every form of evil, and tearing away the cobweb covering which sentimental charity clothes the deformities of Popery and the sophistry of the infidel, the idolatry of the pagan and the papist are both alike repugnant to it ; nor will it cease to wage war against all until every enemy is vanquished. Tho soldiers who wear its uniform yet fear to enforce its laws arc as dumb dogs- sleeping sentiuels. This craven spirit of fear, however, is not confined to either presB or pulpit, bnt is to be found in the senate and at council board. When a person can be found to acknowledge that the treatment which bis sub ordinates received at bis hands was according to their religion — "tbe purest getting the kicks, tbe corrupt the half-pennies" — he stands self-con victed of a character unworthy of the most servile admirer of "the grand old hero," not to mention the word Protestant. A man who openly disregards even-handed justice may not find the door shut against him as a placeman amongst needy and crafty politicians ; such a brand, however, would be quite sufficient to prevent bis crossing the threshold where men of principle congregate. And when the instruc tions to be derived from sacred and profane history are excluded from our schools, at the request of those who are adepts at manufactur ing both kinds to fit tlieir hideous system, and men are found ready to aid such, and thus fare sumptuously upon what integrity would reject, is it not sufficient to induce the question, Where are the noble, the honest, the fearless, the faithful to be found ? Occasionally we see one and another whose principles are too pure to associate with such leave their company rather than share their disgarce. Phonography in Australia. — Tho Austra lasian Reporter is the title of a monthly magazine published in Melbourne, which has been shown to us. It contains eight pages of matter printed in phonography or Pittman's System of Shorthand. In the first article the editor and conductor introduces himself to the public by answering tbe question "Who are you?" which the public are supposed to ask liim. "Rambling Notes" is the titlo of an article by Mr. C. Eipper, of Maitland, in this colony. A story — "Thrice Met, Thrice Crossed" — by Sutherland Gray, and "Evenings with Thackeray," by the editor, complete this months' number. We have no doubt this magazine will be welcomed by all phonogropbers in tho Australasian colonies, as it supplies a want that has been long felt, — a journal in which phonographers may advocate the cause of phonography and bring it as prominently before the public as it deserves. The Reporter is con ducted by Mr. J. 0. Cook, of Franklin-street, Melbourne, and the subscription is only 5s per annum — a sum which entitles it to be patronised by the poorest admirer of Miss Phonography. Wo wish Mr. Cook success in liis work, the more so as he is the pioneer of such a work in these colonics. The Divorce Court. — The new branch of the Supreme Court for the trial of Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, was on Wednesday for mally opened in the Jury Court-room, King- street, by Mr. Justice Hargrave. There was a large attendance of professional gentlemen. The Attorney General, on the part of the Bar, con gratulated his Honor upon the new appointment he had received. The learned Judge returned thanks; after which, his Honor's commission was read by the Prothonotary. After a slight discussion as to the new rules of practice, the Court adjourned sine die. Irish Home Rule. — Speculative politicians who may be inclined to think that in the Irish Home Rule movement they will have to deal with an honest and candid agitation for some thing like a fiscal congress to manage provincial affairs in Dublin, would do well to read the report of a meeting which took place on Friday in honour of the new patriotic cause. One of the chief spokesmen of the occasion was a Mr. O'Neill Daunt. " We want no English med dling, or peddling, or tinkering," remarks this constitutional orator ; and he continued, ' ' If they ask what it is that we want, we answer, 'Out, stranger! out, intruder! you have no business here.'" Now, this is plain talking, aud should he distinctly understood as contain ing the real iiote and meaning of Home Rule. If we are prepared to surrender Ireland at the bidding of Mr. Daunt and liis friends, .we have received our notice to quit in the most unequivocal and unmistakable terms. We trust that alter so pointed and clear a declaration of principles and programmes we shall hear less from Home Rulers in the abstract of elaborate pro testations of friendship, and desire for perpetual alliance with England. If their will notions are to be discussed at all, let us have them in the undisguised fashion in which they are put for ward by Mr. Daunt, who seems at least to ; possess the full courage of his ideas. It may lie stated Mr. Daunt professedly and notoriously belongs to the "moderate" party of Irish politi cians, and from the tone he adopts we have some standard for estimating the favour in which we are held by the more advanced section of Nationalists, who look upon Mr. Daunt as a mere rose-water agitator. — Globe. The Jewels of the Shah of Persia. — Mr Edward B. Eastwick writes to the Times : — " I have seen the Shah's jewels, and have written a short account of them in the second volume of ; the Journal of a Diplomats, p. 115. I have mentioned there that according to Persian > tradition the Darya i Nur, the sister jewel to the Kuh i Nnr, was with it in the hilt of Afrasiab's sword, oeeording to some, 3000 years ; B.C. Tiinur carried it away from Persia, it having been brought there by Rustam, ' and i Nadir brought it back. It alone is valued at two millions, aud altogether the jewels cannot i bo worth less tnan six millions. I take this i opportunity of saying that the Shah's name is i Nasiru 'd diw Kajar." ; The Suez Canal Company has. succeeded in ! the appeal to the Supreme Court of Paris in the i suit of the Messageries Imperiales Company, i The court confirms the right .of the canal com pany to collect their dues according to the actual tonnage capacity of the vessel. 