NEWS AND NOTES. The Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society’s Grand Spring Show commences to-day, when the dis play of sheep, implements, machinery, and buggies, will be made and judged. Load after load of imple- ments and machinery were arriving at the society's yards all day yesterday, and pens of magnificent sheep were driven to their comfortable housings within the enclosures. There are no fewer than one hundred and seventy-seven entries of implements and machinery, ninety-seven of buggies, and one hundred and ninety two of sheep, including a pen of alpacas. The great day will be to- morrow, when, besides the exhibits on view to-day, there will be the perfect, list of cattle, horses, swine, poultry, dairy produce, dogs, liquors, plants, flowers, and extra exhibits. Of draught horse stock there are thirty-seven entries; blood horse stock, eight entries; hackneys, fifty-three entries; neat cattle, ninety-three entries; swine, forty entries; poultry, two hundred and eighty-five entries; dogs, eighty-eight entries. The yards will be open at the usual hour on both days, and at the usual charges, as advertised. Catalogues will be obtainable, and we advise visitors to procure copies of the catalogues, as by that means they will be able with greater ease to know what there is to see and where it is to be seen. The V.R.C. or its secretary thought proper to with- hold the customary invitation to the newspapers to attend the race.meeting at Flemington on Saturday,: and, as a consequence, the bare result of each race is reported, without a word of comment. We do not know when the Melbourne newspapers have given us so much pleasure as in their proper and spirited una- nimity upon this occasion. There is a tone of snob- bery common to some minds which, assumes that a paltry ticket to the newspapers is an immense favor. The favor is all the other way, and it is well that the V.R.C. or any similar body of boobies should be taught this. They owe all their importance to the newspapers, and we venture .to say that, if the news papers refused to report, the race proceedings, the club would very likely be bankrupt in a couple of years. This is the first unanimous lesson the Melbourne racing men have had from the Press, audit will do them and the public at large a world of good. Some such step as this has been wanted for a long time back, and the dignity, and usefulness of the Press could not have been brought home so forcibly in any other way. We have sometimes wished to see the Parliament and the theatres treated in a similar man ner. We thank the Argus, Age, and Daily Telegraph for at last unanimouslyiagreeing to assert the inde pendence of the Press, as well as to make the V.R.C. or its secretary feel how insignificant they would be if it was not for the generous and constant support the newspapers have given them. We had a brilliant apparition in our office on Mon day, a long time after, the hour when “the. Royal Dane” departed would have scented the morning air. Our visitor was, however, more substantial and more comfortably clad than the ghost of Hamlet’s father, for it was no ghost at all, but the portly form of Mr John Crowther, armed cap-a-pie in Ballarat flannel. The brilliancy of the appearance consisted in the tri umphant glow on Mr Crowther's face, and in the damask beauty of a rose with which he had illumi nated the sober repose of the natural color of the flannel coat-front. A more serviceable suit for summer wear we are sure no man will readily see or need de sire. But this success in plain color is not all that is possible to us, now our weavers have demonstrated what they can do, Mr Crowther had hardly vanished on Monday when he re-appeared, bringing with him Mr Greenhill, of the London Dye-works, Sturt street, and'he exhibited to us samples of the Ballarat flannel in almost more than rainbow hues. There were green, yellow, scarlet, blue, violet, and light magenta, and we quite expect to see a scarlet.or green troop of Bal larat horse before long, wearing a uniform of Ballarat flannel dyed in Ballarat dye- works. If that should bo too long coming, then the Woollen Company will no doubt dye Mr Crowther scarlet—that is, his suit, or give him a color for every travelling day in the week, that the whole colony may see and wonder and buy all the more that which is already admitted to be an honest, valuable, and perfect fabric, which every family in Victoria should know and appreciate. When the Old Bendigonians sent down some of their body to grace last year’s ; Old Pioneer picnic the visitors included at least one sturdy teetotaller in the person of Mr Robert Clarke, a member of the Sand hurst City Council. That gentleman is an officer of high rank among the Rechabites, and this month’s Temperance News is illustrated with his portrait. The principals at the Chinese lottery in aid of the Hospital funds were summoned to the Town Police court on Monday, by Sergeant Lamer. It was stated that prizes of money were competed for, and- the profits were not exclusively devoted to charitable pur poses—therefore the lottery was being illegally carried on. Mr Finlayson defended the Chinamen. The prosecution could not be sustained, and the case, with another against a Celestial for selling tickets in a lottery, was withdrawn. In the second case the testimony of several Chinamen was 'very conflicting, and it was difficult to prove that pecuniary advantage was gained by the Chinamen. The police intend proceeding in a different manner, when the onus will be thrown upon the defendants of proving that the lottery is not illegal. At the City Police-court, on Monday, one drunkard was dealt with. Thos. Moore, charged with having indecently assaulted Eliza Goman on the loth April, ISOS, at Soldiers' Hill, was remanded till to-day. The prisoner had been arrested at Ararat, and he was allowed bail, himself in £lOO, and a surety of £5O. Mr Gaunt, P.M., attended at the court-house. A special meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Cricket Club was held on Monday afternoon at the Pavilion, for the purpose of considering a letter re ceived from T. W. Wills, in answer to one sent by the secretary asking him to come to Ballarat and act as coach for a month or two. The letter from Mr Wills conveyed the intelligence that he could come to Bal larat for five weeks, should the committee agree tahis terms. The committee decided to accept the proposal of Mr Wills, and the secretary was instructed to write asking him to commence his duties on next Monday. A letter was also read from the South Melbourne Cricket Club, stating that they could not get a cup team to play on two consecutive days. This was in answer to a letter sent by the secretary informing that club that the B.C.C. were desirous of entering for the Melbourne Challenge Cup if the S.M.C.C. would play on two consecutive days, as the B.C.C. could not send a team down on two consecutive Saturdays. On Monday afternoon Constable Daly, of Hadden, arrested Elizabeth Smith, a resident of that locality, on a charge of having stolen two calves, the property of Elizabeth Foulkes. The prisoner was brought to the Smythesdale lock-up. In May last a man named Owen Cattrell was killed by falling into a quarry-hole at Redan. This hole has since been fenced in by the City Council, and at the meeting of that body, held on Monday, a petition was read from John Cattrell, brother of Owen Cattrell, asking the council to make some provision for the deceased man’s four orphan children. The matter was referred to -the finance committee for a report. Councillor Everingham, when he warms to his subject, has a very vigorous style of speaking, and during his orations the look of calm resignation on the face of Councillor Cane, who sits next him at the council table, has often been admired. On Mon day, after Councillor Everingham had sat down, Councillor Cane suggested that Councillor Evering ham should take a seat near the mayor, in order that he might be more distinctly heard by the gentleman who presides over the meetings. The mayor looked alarmed at the suggestion. It will be seen elsewhere that the B.C.C. has arranged with Mr T. Wills as coach for some five or six weeks. This is just what the club requires, and we trust “ Tommy’s” first act will be the abolition of the farce of net practice and putting his pupils into proper training for real cricket. At the meeting of the City Council a fortnight ago Councillor Doane said that Mr H. R. Murray appeared to have had all the gain in connection with the now famous cigar boat. Mr Murray was at the meeting of the council on Monday, and asked Councillor Doane if he could see his way to withdraw this remark. Coun cillor Doane did not appear to be able to see his way to do as desired, and Mr Murray withdraw. With reference to the cigar boat, it may be stated that at the meeting of the council on Monday it was decided to give Mr Moss £6 in settlement of all demands. Meetings in the insolvent estates of Thomas Austin, carter, of Daylesford, and Edwin Cope, grocer, of Ballarat East, were to have been held on Monday before the Chief Clerk of the Insolvent Court. In the first case there was no appearance of the insolvent or creditors, and in the second the insolvent only appeared. Both meetings were closed. The testing of the iron ore from the Lil Lai Com pany’s mine will take place, at the Union Foundry on Wednesday next. One of the ordinary furnaces in use at the foundry has been altered, in order to make it as like a blast furnace as possible, so as to make the teat a satisfactory one. A deputation, consisting of Messrs Summers, H. R. Murray, and Stansfield, waited on the City Council on Monday, to request that the £lOOO voted by Parlia ment for the improvement of Lake Wendouree might be expended in accordance with the desire of practical boating men, in cutting away a portion of the em bankment east and west of the intended central island, and cutting the rushes on both the north and south sides of the lake. This matter, as well as the report of the sub-committee on the prison labor question, will be considered at a meeting of a committee of the whole council on Thursday week. . A meeting of master butchers was held at the Buck’s Head hotel last evening, when a uniform list of prices for meat was resolved upon. The Bungareeshire Council will not sit to-day, the meeting being held over till the 18th instant. “Diogenes” writes suggesting that either the lunar eclipse, or Mr Picton’s “ partial or total eclipse of the Rev. Mr Wollaston” this evening should be postponed, as lovers of science might wish to attend on both. We may state, without prejudice,‘that unless Mr Picton lectures all night there will be opportunity to observe both phenomena. On Sunday last the members of the Loyal Creswick Lodge of the P.AF.S. of Victoria attended Church Parade at the Bible Christian Church, Creswick, where a sermon was delivered by the Rev. J. O. Coomb, to a goodly number of attentive brethren. Crossley and Cos., the contractors for the third sec tion of the Ballarat and Ararat Railway, have, says the Beaufort Chronicle, about a hundred men at work on the line at from two to three miles from Beaufort, the larger portion of whom are engaged bn the heavy ex cavation required in the steep range on this side of Eurambeen, where a cutting over thirty feet in depth has to be executed. A “ face ” of twenty feet is now visible, the whole of it in “good working stuff "—to use a navvy’s expression. The country about this past of the line may be best described , as exceedingly well adapted for steeple chasing being made up of abrupt ranges, and deep narrow gullies, with any number of little hills and small flats. It is, in fact, the most picturesque portion of the route to be taken by the iron road, and a visit to it just now is well worth the trouble of a walk from the township. Mr George Staveley; the solicitor, died at Geelong on Saturday. Recently he had been practising at Sandhurst, and the Age says:- "Years ago Mr Stave-, ley was a passenger in the ship Earl of Charlemont, and narrowly escaped being drowned when that vessel was wrecked at the Barwon Heads, in 1853.” On the subject of rowdy youths the Geelong Adver tiser has the following suggestions:—“We have no sympathy with the squeamishness which affects a horror at any proposal for the use of the lash, but it is certainly better to avoid it if possible; if not, it ought to be used effectively. Before, however, it is applied as a general cure for the larrikin, epidemic, all other means of suppressing the nuisance ought to be exhausted. , A trial, for instance, should be given to the Ballarat system. Then; again, we ought to take another step. The Bill for the Prevention of Acci dents in Mines provides that prima facie every man ager should be held responsible for them, and be com pelled to exculpate himself. .So with the father of a larrikin, he should be deemed blameable for his son’s conduct, and unless he could make out a very good defence should be fined as well as the lad himself. We believe that if this were done, and the magis trates did their duty, the fathers of the young rascals would soon find they could restore discipline in their family circle, and the young rascals themselves would find that they would have to submit to it. A bill of one clause, which made illegal aIl payments of wages for the services of a youth which were not made to the parent—due provision being made for exceptional circumstances—would much conduce to the better behavior of the obstreperous youngsters. It is very evident that the parental hands want strengthening, and it could not be achieved in a better way than we have indicated.” The requisition from Warrnambool to Sir James M'Culloch has been presented, and the Examiner re ports that a telegram, as follows, was received in Warr nambool from the gentlemen who waited upon Sir James: —" Presented requisition. Appears favorable. Will give answer in a few, days.” At Colac, it is re- ported that Sir Prime has received promises of hearty support from the electors of Polwarth and South Grenville, and he had definitely consented .to stand at the next election. . Referring to a letter on the subject which appeared in our columns, the Mortlalce Despatch says:—“ The construction of a railway to connect this neighbor hood with Ballarat is a most desirable and important project, and one that is worthy of earnest and perse- vering effort to attain. No place in the colony holds a closer relationship to the business of this locality than Ballarat, since it is there we find the principal market for our fat stock. It is worth all the effort it would cost; therefore, on the part of the residents of; both localities, and especially of those more imme diately interested, to seek to secure their union by a line of railway.” An additional bank is to be established in Mary borough (says the Advertiser), successful arrangements having been made by Mr J. Williamson, manager of the Union Bank of Australia, at Ballarat, to have a branch in this town. The Evening Times says:—“ We have been informed on reliable authority that the Roman Catholic Chapel at Inverleigh was burned to the ground on Saturday week. One solitary form alone escaped the ravages Of the flames, the rest of the seats, together with the entire building, which was constructed of wood, and therefore easily inflammable, being entirely destroyed. At present the affair is shrouded in mystery, and there is naught but conjecture to tell how it origi nated.” Two instances of the fecundity of animals came under our (Beaufort Chronicle) notice this week. A sow belonging to Mr Green, Charlton, had a litter of twenty-two fine healthy pigs. This is one of the most extraordinary litters we ever heard of. The other instance is that of an ewe belonging to Mr Ellis, of Bald Hill, which had (singly) four fine lambs in less than twelve months. This, too, we believe, is almost without parallel. There is a likelihood (says the Pastoral Times) of a London moneyed firm taking Deniliquin railway— that is to build and work it. We want abundance of capital—the more the better, and it speaks well for New South Wales that it is attracting the attention of London capitalists. The firm referred to have engaged to lay down train roads in Sydney; they possess all the necessary capital and skill. The carriers, carpenters, and others of the industrial classes at Hay, are threatening to strike.'The Pastoral Times says the former ask 140 s per ton for conveying wool from Hay to Echuca. The Queensland Government, the Brisbane Courier says, is “despatching an expedition; consisting of five men with whale boat, from Normanton, under the charge of Mr Sub-collector Fahey, to explore the Mitchell River, in the Gulf of Carpentaria, about 150 miles to the northward of Normanton, with a view to ascertaining the capabilities of this almost unknown river, and the possibility of its use as a means of com munication from the Gulf to the Palmer gold-fields. The Learmonth Fair will be held on Thursday, the 27th November, for the sale of horses, cattle, sheep. &c.; The fair is in connection with the Ballarat Agri cultural and Pastoral Society, and from present ap pearances will be a brilliant success. A cricket match will be played on the Western Oval on Wednesday, 5th November, at 2 p.m. sharp, be tween an eleven from the Early Closing Association C. C. and the second eleven of the Ballarat City C. C. The City produce market will be closed on the 10th inst. A lecture will be delivered this evening by Mr Picton, in the Baptist Chapel, Dawson street, in aid of the Hospital and Homoeopathic Dispensary. The annual meeting of the Caledonian Society will take place this evening, at the Edinburgh Castle hotel. 