THE FLAKETTB IN SYDNEY. . To any of our unoccupied Literati who have a turn for the visionary or spiritual, a fine opportunity fora splen did Ghost Story now presents itself, in the event that has lately occurred tit Chiselhurst. The restless spirit that ires apparent! j laid to reBt there a few days ago can scarcely be expected to lie qniet when the continent nnoi more plmms with bars sabres and flittering bayonets ; and the farmers and peasantry of Chiselhurst j and ib neighbourhood may again see the long and | mournful procession winding its way through the village i from Camden House, and bear again the tolling of the I bell and the roll of the muffled drum. But I think I it is in Germany that these military ghosts do mostly flourish. It was Koeneb, I believe, who wrote, and i I suppose witnessed that awful 'Midnight Review,' ] when, the eHer Napoleon rising with all his host from ; their graves, like the nuns in Bobebt the Devil, the ? 'Little Corporal' appeared in front of the line, and Bight down the long battalions he east his glittering eye 1 If I remember aright, this Phantom Army and its leader had to skedaddle with tho first gleam of morn, or the crowing of the cock. However, the BonaparteB hare a habit of revisiting the glimpses of the moon, and it is -well-known that the ishade of the Great Napo leon very frequently ' hangout ' amongst the weep ing willows above his tomb en the Island of St Helena. I quite agree with Mr. John Stewart— and I have not always that honour— that the debate in which Mr. Buchanan took so distinguished a part in the Assembly the other evening was ' premature.' Mr.. Stewart made no other cemplaintof importance, on that branch of the subject, only he seemed to think, from a military point of view, that Mr. Buchanan's heavy Krupp's guns ought not to have been brought in before all the light field artillery had been allowed full play, and had peppered the enemy pretty handsomely. There a much sagacity as well as philosophy in thiB way of viewing the matter. Shakspere says something about the time 'after a well-graced actor quits the scene,' and how all eyes are fixed upon him who enters next ; but in the present case people may hare been somewhat disappointed. After declar ing, and calling upon the House to verify the fact, that the Premier never opened bis mouth without letting a lie out of it, Mr. Buchanan might fairly be considered to have cut the ground from beneath those who were to follow him in that line of eloquence. In one of the re ports of the late Presidential elections in the United States, I find that Mr. James M. Smith, the re-elected 'Democratic' Governor of Georgia, expressed in the following candid and vigorous terms his friendly feelings towards the existing President : I will use any thing for the purpose ol beating Grant. If ihe-deiil himself, coming up from the infernal regions, smelling of brimstone, was a candidate for President under the present circumstances, I would take him rather than take Grant. ' This,' says the Editor of Harper's Weekly, ' is strong language,' and I am rather in clined to believe him j but we are not very for behind-hand. When the Assembly got on the subject of drunken magistrates, it was gratifying to find a high authority saying of one of them that though he might get drunk, he was always ' upright'— that is, I suppose, not at all subject to the 'falling sickness.' He did not deliver his magisterial judgments while reclining on a mattrnss, with a glass of grog before him. While these things have been going on, however, in the democratic atmosphere of the Lower Chamber, the Upper House has been engaged id rfljvsrditig virtue, by giving a vote of thanks to the Hon. George Allen, for receiving between eight and nine thousand pounds of public money during the last seventeen years, or some thing like w850 for every time he took bis seat as chair man. Patriotism like this is worthy of the garland ! Mr. Clements, or Mark Twain, has lately been com ing out in a new character— that of ft geographical explorer, and he claims to have been himself the man who discovered Dr. Livingstone the traveller, in Central Africa, which discovery he generously handed over to Mr. Stauley. Marie was invited to dinner in London by the Whitefriars' Club, and in the course of a speech gave the following interesting account of bis meeting with Livingstone in Africa, 'daring a little private journey to the interior of that superior country :' 'Jmtas I found him,' says Mr. Twain, 'he had been deserted by bis niggers and geographers, »nd all of hit kind except the gorillas ; dejected, miserable, famuhlng— absolu- tely famlthing— but he was eloquent, Just a* I found him be had eataa his lut elephant, and he said to me, 'God knows where I shall get another.' He had nothing to wear except bis venerable and honourable naval suit, and nothing t»«»tbuthis diary. ^But I said to Urn, 'It (s all right, I have discovered you, and Stanley will be here by the 4 o'clock train, and will discover you officially, and then we will turn to and have a reg'lar good time.' I said, * Cheer up, for Stanley has got corn, ammunition, glass beads, hymn-books, whisky, sir) everything which the Jmman heart can desire ; he has got all kinds of valuables, including telegraph poles, and a few oart-laadi of money. By this time communication has been made with the land of Bibles and oirillzttion, and pro perty will advance.'' The arrival of Stanley, and his gratitude at the self sacrificing generosity of Mr. Twain, must be left to the imagination ; but V- all know now that the Doctor was reinforced in the Commissariat department before he had any necessity for cooking another elephant. I see that Mr, Stanley is continuing his lectures and publishing his book ; aud aa he has given evidences of being a man of hasty temper, he may not altogether relish Mark's specimen of his adventures. When the history of the renowned Baron Munchausen was pub lished it was ' Humbly dedicated to Mr. Brace, the Abyssiuiau Traveller;' so that African explorations have always been of a doubtful character, because it was bo difficult to get people to go aud look for them selves. More ' Carl murders,' or ' assaults/' or cases of 'aggravated manslaughter' have, I perceive, been sent to our learned judges and intelligent juries for trial. Id the cose of the fatal pugilistic encounter in Tasmania— a case that called for the most searching investigation aud exemplary punishment— the jury found a verdict of ''not guilty.' A poor child having been poisoned by ?wallowing croton oil, left in a place easily accessible to it, the jury have made an especial point of exempting the parents from all blame. The dangerous nuisance of the furious driving of cib3, aud not alone cabs bnt light furniture carts and parcels-delivery vans, continues unabated, and will until the manslanghterers manage to crush some ' illustrious victim.' In Victoria the famous ' aggravated manslaughter' case has helped to turn courts of jnstica into a laughingstock; and it must be confessed that the Judge eeeina as blameable as the jury, for having received such a verdict, instead of sending the brilliant twelve back to their room to re consider the matter. Thore are many— hundreds perhaps, or thousands.— iu this country as well as the ?Id, who have long had unpleasant doubts of the efficiency of trial by jury ; and as I have not yet quite got to this frame of mind, and should not like to see the old test of Wager by Battle reverted to, I cannot bnt regret the occurrence of anything calculated to confirm aud increase the xrell-teunded disgust that now exists. As to the street-driving, the state of the case is in famous. WOd Russians, never accustomed to drive anything before but pigs to market with a string tied to their tails, and mere children, from ten to twelve years of age, are allowed to drive horses drawing vehicles at a swinging trot through the crowded streets of the city where, in reality, to do them jus tice, they would be utterly unable to check the animals even if the greatest danger arose, In other instances of persons engaged in occupations involving a risk of human life, some sort of examination and Setose ar» considered necessary ; and why should it not be so i this ease? ' . , , r '; Toil is a matter which ii specially within thoijuriE. diotd»n of the Mayor and Aldermen ; and bow that we have a new Chief Magistrate, and one vhohaa the repu tation of being honestly destrioua of doing? his duty, it is not unreasonable to hope for some change in what I believe to be about the worst managed municipality, bo fiu* ma nnfclic mnvAnieiiRA ib concerned, in the whole world. Some reforms and improvements will naturally suggest themselves here, without any necessity for more especial reference ; bat amongst abuses actual] v exist ing, and which ought easily be remedied, are the frightful yells, shrieks, grunts, and screams of the street-hawkers, bawling out their wares in language totally unin telligible, and in a tone more resembling the war-whoop of a Choctaw Indian than the harmless proclamation of a vendor of fish or cabbages, as the case may be. In London, with its three millions of population, every attempt is being made to suppress this intolerable nuisance ; and quite time, for two of the most popular artists of our day have been confessedly killed by it, namely, Leech and Maclise, who, after vain attempts to ease their aching brains by removing to suburban resi dences, had at last to succumb to this bellowing nuisance, and seek in the grave for that peace which the howling costermongers denied them here. Do our aldermen think that there are ne sensitive brains in Sydney also f They may have good reasons for such a belief, but they are not quite right. The screaming of the 'bus boys also, is a nuisance which could be easily put down, and they would then attend to their business instead of to the sound of their own sweet voices. One of Fennimore Cooper's characters, hearing for the first time, a wild Indian war- whoop, claps his hands to his ears and asks : ' Has bell broke loose.' And a similar question might be asked in the streets of Sydney, at some times of the day. Come, Mr. Merrhnan, will you address yourself heartily and intelligently to those evils, and become worthy of being the first Mayor of Sydney to whom the citizens erected a Btatue ? Opposition you may expect, but final success ?would be sure, and well worth a sturdy battle. The Anniversary holiday has been postponed until' next Tuesday week, and wisely so, I think, as it will give us all time to £nd out when this colony was really founded, and when Captain Cook was sent to Botany Bay— points npon which there seemed to be considerable doubts in the Assembly on Thursday night. As to the question mentioned by Captain Onslow— whether th sun is ninety-one or ninety- five millions of miles from* the earth, whenever the Anniversary celebration does come off no doubt many of the celebrants will, not long after Sol has passed the meridian, have assumed a position most favourable for measuring his distance, if they are supplied with the requisite instruments and refreshment. 