TOWNSHIP GOSSIP. Town Gossip, pshaw, I think I hear some of the know all's say, what gossip is tbere in such a one horse place as Hay ? To use a stereotyped phrase, my gentle readers, don't run away with any erroneous ideas. The old Scotch Dissenter was not so far wrong when he called his congregation's attention to the small occurences of every day life in the pithy sentence that, ?' It is not the plums that mak's the duff alone.' So having in mind his warning, I have come to the conclusion that there are many small ingredients in our t¥* iflof nrlitnU 1 4- /in 11 .. _ 1 1 - _ .1 J _ 1 * ? i..].. ii nuoo wuiui il uaiejuuj uuiitjuieu, UGucaieiy spiced, and prudently amalgamated, could, in the hands of a good cook, be served up weekly as an olla podrida that even the most fastidious of our local epicures would not turn away from. For the benefit of those who may expect, through this column, to find matter for scandal, I will at once inform them that they will be mistaken, as the subjects will be purely local, and all personalities will be studiously avoided. Having proceeded so far in my half apologeticintroduction,let me hasten to turn to the topics which at present are most discussed in our midst. Cudgellico, true, is an opening for some gossip. What -is really doing up there, can any one tell ? So many conflicting reports are about, that none can be believed implicitly. The reefs must be of some account, surely, or the old adage of ' ill news flies apace,' is at fault here. I have inquired from many from there, and can get but scantinformation. Ask how so and-so are getting on, and the answer is, Oh, all right; he's building, a house, and about to send for his family; but as to his present riches or future prospects, nothing is known. That, to say the least, is not encouraging to a person in search of reliable news. So each person is left at liberty to form his own opinion as to the successful issue of the rush, or vice versa. However, a good many people have left here this last month, and the Booligalites have stormed the place ; but at present there are no nuggets exhibited, no rare specimens or Bogus Companies started, or in fact anything at all to give a name or prestige to the place. This certainly gives me doubts as to the genuineness of the rush, or else the right element is not to be found there. It is a fact that we of New South Wales are so much behind hand of our Victorian brothers in mining enthu siasm. I am afraid so. find would bnravd n small stake that, had such a thing fallen into the hands of Victorians many a decent fortune would have bepn made before this, even if the fortunate finders had to go to the extreme trouble of bringing the gold from a distance in order to keep the weekly yield up. As I said before, many people have gone from here to this new El Dorado. They did'nt go when they first heard the news. Being of retaining dispositions, and easily vexed at being fooled over anything, some took a week and some ten daj-s, and more longer, to make up their minds; but eventually they went, and now arises a curious coincidence which I leave to the psychologists to explain. The most of these were laboring men, and the time they chose to start on their journey was between tbe hours of 8 p.m. and 6 a.m. I should not intrude the remarks here but for the almost fatherly interest taken in their movements by storekeepers, butchers, &c.;, who are resident here, and who, for reasons best known to them selves, took a lively interest in the movements. I am happy to report that the midnight flitters reached Cudgellico safe, and by the last news were wishing they were back again in the land of soft storekeepers. Unlimited credit, I am sorry to say, is an evil which has been for the last fifteen years in our midst, and has now assumed a most threatening aspect. At one time it was not so bad, for tbe men trusted could, in a short time earn the money to pay; and, even had they a wish to avoid the same, the work was to their hand, and they could not better themselves by doing their creditors and clearing out. But now times are chang- ed with the men, neither the work or the remu neration is here for them, and so thej have altered. Have the business people done the same, and after repeated warnings been more careful ? Not one wit, although a little, a very little stud}', would tell any business-man the earnings of his customer, and the chances of being paid in the long run. Such precautions never seem to enter their heads ; in fact our tradesmen seem to court their own destruction by making palpable bad debts. Why is this you will ask. That question is very easily answered. It is because the credit system has such a hold in our midst, that in many cases a business man is afraid (yes that is the right word) to refuse credit to those already in his debt in case, with the present beautiful provisions of our Insolvency Law, the craditor should file his schedule; and the loss at once there shew itself in stern reality. I do believe that among business people there must be a sort of fascination in these sort of cases, or perhaps my meaaing might be more fully understood bv saying a fear of looking the matter straight in tbe face, and writing across a ledger account of some £30 or £40 'bad,' when the man is still in the town and working. But sooner or later such a course must be adopted. The creditor knows that, and why not atonce. Ah, there's the rub. I do not think but what all old business people here are in the one position, and from my own obser vations I am sure that any man who has a five pound note in his pocket, can, without much trouble, live for six months on the fat of the land, and laugh at his creditors when asked to settle his account. Of course a mar gin must be left for some people, contractors and others, 'but to those I don't allude. It is to the almost strangers, my remarks are directed, who are here until they get well in debt, and then quit. It is useless, however, for one or two of the business people to endeavor to stop such evils. A strong unity is wanted, and now is the time to strike. The Border Duties being settled the gates open for a new start which I hope to see based on a cash, or at most, a monthly credit system, and allowing storekeepers to take the lead, let them en' deavor to adopt some plan among themselves to break the back of the credit system which not only injures themselves, but also taxes the most honest of our community, inasmuch as storekeepers must necessarily insist upon lar^e profit in order to check the heavy losses sus tained by them through the'defrauders. TT CINEAS. Hay, June 16. Mr. Samuel Tinsley announces ' The Baronet's Cross.' Well, we don't much care if he is — but which baronet is he, and what makes him cro°s, and what consequences may we expect from his wrath ? ' Why, Biddy,' said Lizzie, ' how long are you going to boil those eggs ? You've had 'em on ten minutes already.' ' Well, faith an' missus tould me to boil 'em soft ; and I'm going to boil 'em till they're soft, if it takes all day.' Handicrafts. — Our sons ma3r work as hard as they like at their sports — at cricket, at boating, at gymnastics — but directly liard muscular work earns bread or wages, it is voted low, ungenteel, degrading. This absurd prejudice has never yet found a congenial soil in the East. To this day, for instance, among the Turks, a handicraftsman often rises to offices of State, and now and then to the very highest offices. And even in the Sultan s seraglio, I believe, all young princes are taught some handicraft, in order that if misfortunes should befall them, they may have the means of earning their own bread. Among the an cient Eastern races this sensible manly -custom was more prevalent than it is in modern times; and in no nation was it more strictly observed, or more honoured in the observance, than among the Jews. It was their rule that every young man, whatever his rank or wealth, and though bred for any of the learned professions, should also be taught some handicraft. To teach their sons a craft of this kind was held to be religious duty. Their rabbis observed and enforced it ; and so far as we can learn, it was the common and more laborious crafts which they chose. Thus, Rabbi Jose was a tanner ; Rabbi Judas, a baker ; Rabbi Johanan a shoemaker ; and Maimonides assures us that some of their wisest and greatest rabbis, the leading statesman as well as the leading teach ers of their time, *-vere ' hewers of wood and drawers of water.' The Talmud is full of in junctions on this point. It affirms that one of the first duties of a father to his son is ' to teach him a trade it even ranks it on a lyvel with (t teaching the law.' Rabbi J udayftoo, is very bold, and says — -l Who teaches not, his son a trade does as though be taught him -to be a thief.' And the wise Gamaliel used to say — probably St Paul heard him say — ' He that has a craft in his hands, to what is he like ? He is like a vineyard that is ' fenced;' ' liv wliip.h bp. meant. I sunnose. that the man's life was defended against the incursions of in dolence, sickness, want — The Queen. Diamond Cutting. — This business has always been confined to a small number of hands ; and though tbere are diamond cutters in Loudon, the bulk of the work is performed by the Dutch at Amsterdam. The master cutters, have enjoyed two years of wonderful prosperity, which the men have now resolved to share. We hear that workmen refuse to instruct apprentices, and are constantly insist ing on a rise in their own pay ; and it is said that ordinarv iournevmen cutters are earning* £10, and more skilled hands £20 per week, or even more. The charges for cutting are now as much as 24s per carat on the weight of the rough stone, instead of 12s or 14s. The monopoly the cutters possess ie being made the most of by them, and the workmen now often refuse to cut the very small stones at any price. The k- waste'' in cutting varies ac cording to the shape of the rough stone, and it frequently happens that in order to remove a flaw or spot, and so produce a more perfect brilliant, it is deemed advisable to cut away large pieces from the original rough block ; these cuttings are called ' cleavage,' and if ?i^aa—good stonesT-are valuable, as they are easily made into smalPTjiilliants or rose dia monds. The practice of diamo!JdaeTittel2J^iEiM---^ a good deal as to the cleavage*, some keeping it (as a tailor would cuttings off cloth sent to him to make up), while others are conscien tious enough to return it. A skilful diamond cleaver commands far higher wages as a work man than a mere cutter or polisher, as on his judgment of each rough stone depends the form and size of the brilliant. The Devonshire Labourer. — Dog- beruys ox the Bench. — The Exeter cor respondent gives the annexed description of the condition of a Devonshire labourer, and the peculiar views of domestic finance taken ^ by tbe magistrates of that -- A case which forcibly illustrates the position of the agricul tural labourer came before the Exeter niagis-. t-rates. Amos Baker, a farm laboureftJgflS^J summonned by the Corporation of the Poor for having neglected to maintain his wife and six children, ' thereby leaving them charge able to the parish.' It was shown that the wife and children were admitted into the - workhouse in November last, and their main tenance had cost the .Corporation £1 a week. It was also shown that the defendant was working on a farm four miles from Exeter, and that he was getting 12s a week and liquor, out of which he had to find everything— board, lodgings, *fcc. It was, moreover, shown that the defendant's master deducted 5s a week out of his wages, which was paid over to the authoiities towards the support of his wife and family. The defendant's answer to the charge was that he gave his wife 6s or 7s a week, which was as much as bis means would afford, and that he had not neglected his family ; on the contrary, he had been try ing to get a house for them at the village where he worked, but could not succeed in getting a house large enough for his family. The magistrates, however, made an order calling upon the defendant to pay up all arrears and get a house for - his wife and family. The question which naturally occurs to .one is how can this man maintain his wife and family of six children on 12s a week, and find a house large enough for them into the bargain, when the bare maintenance in the workhouse costs £1 a week ? Singular Escape. — An accident of a most peculiar nature (says the Western Post) happened to Mr J. Dwane, contractor for the additions now in course of completion at the Mudgee gaol, one day during the last week. It appears that Mr Dwane, while inspecting a portion of t'_e partition, fell from the scaffol ding from a height of sixteen .feet, and on landing on a sheet of galvanized iron, re bounced and came down on his feet. The only injury that he sustained by the fall, although a man of heavy weight (some 16 stone) was that of a broken finger. The Murder on Board the Rifle man. — At a meeting of the Executive Coun cil, held on Monday last, the sentence passed on Krauss at the Criminal Court, for the murder of Captain Longmuir, of the ship Rifleman, was taken into consideration ; and it was decided that the full penalty of the law should be enforced. The date for Krauss's execution will be fixed at a future meeting of the Executive. Wo understand that July 1st has been fixed for the execution of the con demned criminal Krauss, oj, according to the official orthography, ' Cross.' A New Style of Robbery. — The Grul-—^. gong Argus of Wednesday reports that on Tuesday morning, about half-past two o'clock, an impudent robbery was committed by an expert at Gorman's Golden Bar Hotel, Home Rule. Mr Gorman being the victim. He must haue been watched in all his movements during the whole course of the eveoing, for the thief evidently knew where the mcney he coveted was deposited. Mr Gorman is in the habit * of sleeping with a lamp lighted in his room, and it was turned down when he went to bed, after depositing- his nether garments on a ' chair with £5 in cash in the pockcts. About lfalf-past 2 o'dock Mrs Gorman was awakened ly a slight noise, and saw a- pair of unmen tionables swaying- backwards and forwards iu a very strange manner at the end of a long pole. She made a snatch at the booty, but the thief was too quick for her, and the stan dard disappeared through the window. Giv ing1 the alarm, Mr Gorman found that some silver had been dropped outside from the pockets, but- about £5 had vanished. The thief had opened the window, turned up the light, and with a pole with a hook at the end of it transferred the booty from the bedside of the legitimate owner to the wrong- side of the house. There is as yet no clue to the identifiction of the depredators. A few weeks ago Mr Gorman was robbed of £30 by a gang who escaped. Sticking- Up — Naukow Escape. — On Monday night, 2nd instant, between 8 and 9 o'clock, Mr James Veitch, son of Mrs Veitcb, storekeeper, of Mos-o. was fsnvs tha Examiner^ on his way home from Moruya on horse-back, driving before him a pack horse, and when about three miles from Mog*a, between Kelly's selection and Jerrymadpra bridge, two men jumped into the road between the horse he was riding and the pack horse, and ordered him summarily to stand. They stood before his horse, and of course stopped the way. Not knowing what to make of it, he inquired ?what they m£ant. He received for answer, u Your money or your life.' One of the men then started down the road after the pack liorse, but unable to readily overtake it, the ' Igan who was detaining Mr Veitch turned itmnd to call his mate. At that moment, ^frhilst the man's bead was turned, Mr Veitch . - saw his opportunity, and, using bis spurs, bis 1 ? ? ? ? J ~££ 1 +. ? ? J ^.^4- ? ? «-!* ^ uurse jimipBU uu at uuut;, »iju gou |kiou iuc would-be robber. Mr Veitch then heard the report of a pistol, but continued galloping on until he reached home. Afterwards, on examination, a bullet-hole was found in one of his coat- flaps. It was an alpaca coat, and no doubt the sndden start of the horse would cause the thin coat-flaps to fly open, hence it is supposed the shot was intended for the horse, but in the darkness the sconndred missed his aim. A great deal ot gold had been got at Mogadon the previous week. This was generally known, and it was also known that Mr Veitch is in the habit of selling his gold at Mornya, and would be carrying back a considerable amount of ready money. In this the thieves would have erred, as Mr' Veitch left the money at Moruya. On Tuesday morning information was sent to sergeant Hitch and he at once proceeded to Mogo. The police are still pursuing their investiga tions. The men, it appears, had two horses tied up is the bush, close to the road, but owing to the darkness when the attempt occurred, neither horses nor features of the men coulb be distinctly seen. No doubt they thought to make a tolerable haul ; they were, however disappointed and would have been, even if they had searched Mr Veitch. Fatal Horse Accident. — The Manaro, Mercury xeports that on Sunday week, an accident occurred near Holt's .El^t to a young man named Barbery^wMch proved it appears thatjMi the pay mentioned, the de ^_Jbeased^(vdl3^ was in the employ of Mr Harper, surveyor) and whose duty it was to look after the horses belonging to the camp, mounted a horse at his mother's place, the said horse never having been' properly mouthed, and about a mile from the camp Barber was run against a tree and dashed to tbe ground, frac turing the poor fellow's spine. The deceased lingered (but without pain) until Wednesday morning. The Lover's Reflections. — Sir Stephen excused himself from staying- beyond a few ^^minutes at Sharrow's by saying- he had only gftouea out to uave a cigar, ana mat, liuiuu^ himse^ at tb^gate he thought he would ask Be^y to send Joe Bunce up to him the next da-r j the truth being- that from tbe moment dinner was over he had done nothing but make and break resolutions. He would have been ashamed to acknowledge himself how many times he bad turned back from Sharrow's gate trying to keep his purpose of not seeing Hero that evening. He bad petulantly said that he was behaving like some lover of eighteen, possessed by a first-mad passion, which sub mits to everything but common sense and self control, two vbings which told Sir Stephen it was best and wisest not to seek another im mediate interview. But what was the strength \- of these elderly spinster virtues compared with the young giant's who made his eyes hunger and his ears thirst for a sound or a look from her, who seemed to have cast out every object m life, and to nave taken sole ana ] undisputed possession of him. He must go i to her, he would ask for a further explanation — who was his rival, what were the circum stances of an engagement, which hope said was perhaps nothing but a form. He would tell her that, until he began to try aud quench his love, he had never dreamed of the mas tery it had gained over him ; that with her ? ? his happiness must stand or fall: and then he would entreat her to be frank with him, and to tell him everything, and if aught but love of that other were the obstacle, nothing on earth should keep her from him. And these thoughts filling his heart, he walked swiftly on into her presence, and found ..him self face to face with Leo Despard. It needed but a glance at tbe Hero to tell him who this new guest was, and, after that one look, he kept bis gaze steadily averted from ber until he said good-bye ; then the coldness of her Jiand irresisiibly drew his eyes towards tbe s- ^ i ? * .1 1 * . 1 ? I ? ? ? , poor little lace, wnicn, me xioi colour iiavnsg * died away, looked like a faded flower, white and ashen. That same night, after leaving Hero, Leo on his part underwent a tolerably sharp struggle with, in his case, that most formidable of all opponents, bis own inclina tion. This prompted him to go the next day, and upbraid Hero with her coldness and ill temper. But if he did this there would be an onr) tn nil bis nlnns and «-?lipmps ? fnr_ of course, after a quarrel would come the making up, and he would have to be more lover-like tlinn ever. And then that fatal temper, the temporising spirit, stepped in, and whispered a suggestion that be should defer all this until Wednesday, when, having met Mrs Labouchere, be would be in a better position to judge how he should act. He might see that he had not the ghost of a chance, and then the matter would be settled-, and he could indulge in quarrelling with and forgiving Hero to his heart's content. But suppose that chances seemed favorable, what then ? — ' The Presscotts of Pamphillon, in the Sydney Mail. ? ? A Secret. — ' Ma, what is hush ?' aslsed a little boy. ' Why, my dear, do you ask ?' ' Because I asked sister Jane what made her new dress stick out so all round like a hoop, and she said hush P An textensive fiobbery took place on Wednesday Mr Crisp, jeweller, of Queen-street, had £150 m cash in his cash-box on the above day, but by some as yet unt xplaiued means the money was abstracted. 