A SPECIMEN OF CHEAP LIVING. Dio Lewis, in the New York Tribune, gives tho following account of cheap living : — It is now Saturday afternoon, and I will tell you in confidence a little of my personal private experience during the past week. On Sunday morning last 1 thought I would try for a week tlio experiment of living cheaply. Sunday breakfast, hulled Southern corn, with a littlo milk. My breakfast cost three cents. I took exactly the samo thing for dinner. Food for the day, six cents. 1 never tako any supper. Monday breakfast, two cents' worth of oatmeal, in tlio form of porridge, with 0110 cent's worth of milk. For dinner, two cents' worth of whole wheat, boiled, with ono cent's worth of milk. Food for Monday, six cents. Tues day breakfast, two cents' worth of beans. with half a cents worth of vinegar. For dinner, one quart of rich bean porridge, worth ono cent., with four slices of coarse bread, worth two cents. Food for Tuesday, live and a half cents. Wednesday, breakfast, hominy made of Southern corn (perhaps the best of all food for laboring men in hot weather), two cents' worth, with 0110 cent's worth of syrup. For dinner, a splendid beef stew, the meat of which cost two cents. A little extravagant, you sec. But, then, you know, "a short life and a merry 011c. " Per haps you don't believe that the meat was jiur- ehased for two cents? But it was, though. Tho fact is, that from an ox weighing 800 pounds net you can purchase certain parts weighing about 100 pounds for three cents per pound. Two-thirds of a pound make moro stew than f could oat. Tliero was really enough for two of us. But, then, yon know how care less and reckless we Americans aro in regard to our tabic expenses, always getting twice ns much as wo need. I must not forget to say that theso coarse, cheap portions of tho animal nro tho best for a stew. Tho very genius of wnsto seems to havo taken posses sion of me 011 that fatal day. I poured into my stew all at once, slap-dash, a quarter of a cent's worth of. Leicestershire Bailee, and, as if to show that it never rains but it pours, I closed that gluttonous scene by devour ing a cent's worth of hominy pud ding. Food for Wednesday, eight and a quarter cents. Tho gross excess of Wednesday led to a v ery moderate Thursday breakfast, which consisted of oatmeal por- ridgo and milk, costing about two and a bait cents. For dinner, cracked wheat and baked beans, two cents' worth of each, milk one cent's worth. Food for Thurs day cost seven and a half cents. Friday, breakfast, Southern hulleo corn and milk, eosting three cents. For dinner, another of those gourmand surfeits which so disgraced the history of Wednesday. Expenses forthc day, eight and a quarter cents. This morn ing, when I wont to tho table, I said to my- 3UU. >V 11210 3 OUU U9U Ul 01118 ccuuuiny 1 And I made up my mind that for this day at least I would sink all moral restraints and give up tho reins to appetite. I havo 110 apology or defence for what fol lowed. Saturday, breakfast, I began with one cent's worth of oatmeal porridge, with a teaspoonful of sugar, worth a quarter of a cent. ; then followed a cent's worth of cracked wheat, with half a cent's worth of milk, then tho breakfast closed with two cents' worth of milk and one cent's worth of rye and Indian bread. For dinner, I ate half of a small lobster, which cost tlirco cents, and one cent's worth of coarse bread, and ono cent's worth of hominy salad, and closed with two cents' worth of cracked wheat and milk. Cost of the day's food, twelve and three-quarter cents. I11 all these statements only tho cost of material is given. Cost for tlio week, fifty-four and a quarter cents. Of course, 1 don't pretend that everybody can live in this luxurious way. It isn't every body who can att'ord it. I could have lived just as well, so far as health and strength aro concerned, on half the money. Besides, 011 three days I ate too much altogether, and suffered from thirst and dullness. But then I- may plead that I worked very hard, and really need a good deal more food than idlers. . . . By the way, I weighed my self at the beginning of the week, and found that it was just two hundred and twelve pounds. Since dinner to-day I weighed again, and found that I balanced two hundred and twclvo and a half pounds, although it has been a week of warm weather and I have had unusual demands for exer tion of various kinds. But let mo feed a family of ten instead of one person, and I will give them the highest health andstrcngth upon a diet wbieli will cost not much more than two dollars for tho ten persons for a week. Let me transfer my experiment to the far West, where wheat, corn, oats, aud beef are so cheap, and tho cost of feeding my family of ten would ho so ridiciuous that I dare not mention it, lest you laugh at me. And so far from my family group being ono of ghosts or skeletons, I will engage that -they shall be plumper and stronger, healthier and happier, with clearer skins, brighter eyes, sweeter breaths, whiter teeth, and, in addition, that they shall live longer than your Dchnonico diners, each of whom spends enough at a single dinner to feed my family of ten for a week. And last, but not least, they shall enjoy their meals more than your Delmonico diners. A Funky Minister, — Tho Birmingham Morning News says that the llov. Arthur Murscll seems to ho tho "funny man" of the Baptists. At tho mooting of tho Baptist Union lie read an extract from a letter of a poor minister: — "I havo a wifo with one leg — (laughter) — seven children, and £05 a year, and it is close work." Mr. Mursell added that I10 thought " the wooden-legged wife was not a matter to laugh at, thougli he hoped it would bo an argument for them to ' stump up ' liberally," wnercupon tho meet ing laughed again. Father Hyacintue has written a. letter to M. Louis Vcuillot, of tho Univcrs, in which he says that, notwithstanding tho violent and unjust attacks upon him in M. Veuillot's paper on account of his marriage, lie shall go on celebrating mass just as the married bishops and priests did in early times, and as the Eastern priests do to this day. Father Hyacinthe declares that he be lieves in the sincerity of M. Veuillot, and considers him a bigot, not a hypocrite. He forgives him, and trill pray that his eyes may bo opened to see the injury he has done to the Church. At a meeting of masons held at Dunedin recently, Br. J. B. Robertson, L.M., stnted Imw one of the P.M.'s was saved through, masonry from being massacred 011 ono of the 1'olyiiesian Islands, when shipwrecked 800 -uilcs from land in tho brig Ilemark, from "bile to 'Dunedin. When the lmats arrived (t this island, tho natives wcro mi tlio beach with spears, lint the chief observing in. the a-ew a freemason, he kept all back, treated the whole crow kindly, and forwarded them to Tahiti, whence tho British consul sent the crew to Australia, frco of expense. 