THE FLEMINGTON HOUNDS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AUSTRALASIAN. Sir,—This pack met last Saturday at the Racecourse gates, and after the usual friendly stirrup caps and greetings, the master led the way across the Saltwater River to Bray- brook, where we stopped a few minutes to allow the stragglers to come up. I took notes of the most prominent straightgoers and members, as follows:—The master rode Nankaboo; of the two whips, one rode Brown- lock, the other a clever-looking youngster; Mr. H. Smith was on Morning, Mr. Glenister on Lady Don; Mr. Harris on Paddy, Mr. Foss on Pipeto, Mr. Flower, a Sydney gentleman, on The Gift, and well and straight did he go, showing that our cousins over the border only want the opportunity to rival young Victoria across country as they have on the flat; the brothers Collins, one on Postboy, the other on a nag strange to me; Mr. Cowell on Canary, both looking quite at home; Mr. Woolier on Royal Charlie, Mr. Stewart on Echo, Mr. Goldspink on First Toss—and aptly named, too, for he generally manages "to toss" all who ride him; Mr. Gallagher, a Warrnambool gentleman, on Jack the Flat; Mr. Glen, from Sandhurst (who had only just purchased his mount), on The Fool, a horse that should carry him straight and well when the two get accustomed to each other; Mr. Filgate on Bacchus, a young gentleman on Cigar, Mr. Williams on another fresh mount—but no matter what he is on he always forges his way to the front, and will, I think, prove himself one of our cross-country gentleman riders—the way he piloted Saltan at Croxton- park shows the stuff he is made of; Mr. O'Brien on a good-looking nag, Mr. Gold- spink on Tally-ho, Mr. Bryce was well mounted and Mr. J. Thompson rode Charlton. A good many outsiders, if I may so term them, made up a great assemblage, and I noticed several ladies on horseback. The usual number of buggies completed the picture at the meet. A cheery note of the masters horn put every one on the move, and. the first flight trotted quietly forward, gathered up their reins, crammed their hats down tightly.and were ready for anything under 6ft. Turning off the road to the right, the hounds soon opened and.raced across the common. Some to jump three or four stone walls that might have been missed, for all their ardour was needed before the run was over. The first fence all met was rather an awkward two- railer with a lot of loose stones (that had been a wall up to the bottom rail) lying about; however, most of the field got over, out I saw several of the cracks baulking badly, and a rail had to be broken before all got through. A Iong gallop, then a stone wall and several good stiff post-and-rails. Bearing gradually to the left we crossed some paddocks of Mr. M'Intyre's and the Mount Alexander Railway; then turning to the right we passed MacMahon's Hotel, the Melton road, and ran right up under Mount Derrimut, through Morton and Leach's paddocks and the Meat-preserving grounds, and again again changing direction to the left we crossed the Geelong line opposite Laverton, ran close up to Mr. Langhorne's through the Boggy Creeks near Cherny's, and making a half-circuit recrossed the Geelong line near the Williamstown racecourse. A few more stone walls had to be taken and the deer was viewed by the leading division, who were fortunate in saving her; the first up being Mr. Glenister, who was soon joined by others, and the deer secured, although torn slightly. This may truly be put down as one of the most brilliant and severe runs this pack has given its followers; the ground was good, the fences numerous and stiff, especially three or four doubles across roads. The way some of our horses and men performed was worth seeing. The ground covered must have been at the very least 18 to 20 miles, and the time occupied a little over two hours. There was only one check, for a few moments, caused by a hare jumping up in the middle of the hounds, and although there were some spills I am glad to say no one was seriously hurt, and those who were fortunate enough to get to the end will recollect it with pride. —Yours, &c.;, SAM'S GHOST. 