i ~ crs ; r cT-.n ":i Mi'.": ~ j THE CAMBERWELL GHOST. AT tho Surrey! Sessions' on: the ;lUh December, Murin Horgan, nineteen, described aa a Borranfc, was indicted; for stealing a watch and chain, the property of William' Wölls, at Camborwell. ; It ,appeared from tho. eridence of , James Ham,' a detsotiro sergeant of tho P.Diviaion, that for some weeks a great deal of excitement had been caused in the neighbourhood of ¡ the : prosecutor's houso,. No. 135,, Catnberwoll-road, hy. a report that a" Ghoßt'' was committiagiall sorts of damage Flower-pots wore: . thrown nboat.,lroes_: damaged, and.porsons strnok with, various missiles, without the' origin of tho mischief: 'being discovered, v Detectives Puttock and-Neville woro engaged, to doteet tho perpetrator of these dangerous freaks, i,and on; Monday, tho - 18th j ultimo,.i they weht to tho prosecutor's.!house,' when, thoy ascertained ; that the roo thor of i the latter had just, been .struck by à broken1 flower- pot, and cut ont tho : ann.' ' A vino was alioicut down,- and n water'-but overtnrnbdio \Thoy saw tho prisoner in à very oxeiiod stato.and she Bhow'ed' thom a bruise on the forehead,' which sho said hod1 been inflicted by A -mnñísho found'in tho.washhonBO,','ITho Officer searched thorplaeo,' but failed to find any traco of a mani .'During,tho; time tlioy,wero Boarohing tho place flower-pots wera . thrown- about in a most mysté.'ious manner, .and then/¡tho prisoner screamed out,' i and bogped to bo'allowed to lcavo tho .' house, ?. a's Bho was afraid to B top. ...Just ai that time awatch and ohniu wore missed from -tho breakfast room, and tho detec- tives having a suspicion about tho prisoner's conduot, followed: kor-upatiiirs.'.' She ran into a bedroom,-1 fol- lowed by tho oflicersiwho found-tho watoh and chain ¿onnenlod in'ith'e-bed'.'.r.Thoy took her into; custody. Martha Platt, ?: n. 'girl in prosecutor's employ, said that i on . tho i Sunday: ? ovomne previous tho prisoner : , carno to her and said, " I must do , something to mako missus. boKovo somebody has got . into tho houso." Tho prisoner then opened tho kitchen window, ns though it had ; been forced, and told witness i to scream out nnd .call foi-the young master. Witnoss wont upstairs and called him, and a littlo while after- wards tho prisoner'told her not to say. anything about lirlint was dono, and tb throw somo flower-pots out so as to alarm tho houso. , Sho,-howovor, declined to do so. On Monday tho prisoner said,- " I must do somcthiug also 'to .make missus think a - man in in tho Slaco,",., nnd thou, "t niling up tho head of it, roomsticlc, struck herself several heavy blowd ou tho forehead, enuring, bruises. Sho afterwords struck herself,with tv flower-pot . nud cut hor forohoad. Shortly.aftarwartU she rushed ju from tho wash-bomu screaming, and anida inan,concealed there had struck f ? " .: .; .-- ? ,:H| iv. -I . : '. 'i. . . ? .. ? ' ' ' her. The prosecutor said the prisoner had only boen in his service six weeks, and for the last fortnight great damage had been dono by flower-pot and other missiles being thrown about. . ' The whole neighbourhood had boen ithrown .into alarm by freaks of the "Ghost." Tho jury, found the prisonor guilty, and tho doputy chairman aontoncod her to twelve months' hard labour. 