CHAPTER XXX.-BAFFLED. Wo have to go now to Mr. Strange That eminent detective was, to tell the truth, somewhat puzzled ; thrown, so to say, slightly on his beam ends. Tho car nest assurances of Sir Karl Andinnian-that the indivi dual he had been suspecting was the agent Smith, and that there was not, and could not be, any gentleman residing at the Maze-had made their due impression, for he saw that Sir Karl was a man whose word might bo trusted. At tho samo timo ho detected, or thought he detected, an' uudue eagerness on Sir Karl's part to impress this upon him during the interview they held in in the road : an oagarness which tho matter itself did not justify, unless Sir Karl had a private and personal motivo for. Musing ou this, Mr. Strange had continued tojwalk about, instead of going on to his lodging j and when Miss Blake surprised him underneath the trees_ at the Maze-gate-or, rather, surprised herself by finding him there-ho had not sought the spot to watch the gate, but as a shelter of seclusion while he thought. The stealthy entrauco of Sir Karl Andinnian with a key taken from his pocket, and the whispered communication from Miss Blake, throw altogether another light upon the matter, and served to show what Sir Karl's personal mot'vo might bc. According to that lady's hints, Sir Karl was in tho habit of stealing into tho Maze, and that it wn.s no ono but Sir Karl himself who had been seen by Nurse Chaffon. Mr.? Dotcctivo S tounge could not conceal from his acute bruin that, if this were true, his own case was almost as good as disposed of, and he might prepare to go back to town. Salter, tho prey ho was patiently sear chin 2 out, was at the Mazo or nowhere - for Mr. Strange had turned tho rest of tho locality inside out and knew that it contained no trace of him. If the gentleman in tho evouing dress, seen by Nurse Chaffen was Sir Karl Andinnian, it could not havo boen Philip Salter ; and, as his sole motivo for suspecting the Maze was that worthy woman's account of him sho hid soen, why tho grouuds of suspicion seemed slipping Irom under him. He thought it ont well that night. . Well and thoroughly. Tho ta lc was certainly likely and plausible. Sir Kuri Andinnian did not appear to he one who would embark on this kind of private expedition ; but as tho detective said to himself, one could not answer for ono's own brother. Put it down ns being Sir Karl that tho woniau saw, why thea tho mystery of her not having scon him again was at an end ; for while she was thero ho would not be likely to go to tho Mazo and show himself a second time. The moro Mr. Strang.-? thought it out, tho further reason he found for suspecting that this must bo the ! truo state of the case. It did not please htm. > Clear the Muzo of all suspicion as to Salter, and it would become evident that they had been misled, and that so much valuable time had been wasted. He should have to go back to Scotland Yard, and report the failure. Considering that ho had latterly .been furnishing reports of the prey being found and as good as in his hands, the prospect was mortifying. This would be tho second consecutivo case ia which he had signally fniled. But it was by no means Mr. Storage's intention to take tho failure for granted. He was too wary a detective to do that without seeking for proof, and he had not done with Foxwood yet. The first person ho must seo was Mrs. Chaffen. Soinowhut weary with his night reflections and not feeling quito so refreshed as he ought, for the thing had kept him awake till morning, Mr. Strange sat down to his breakfast languidly. Watchful Mrs. Jinks, who patronized hor easy lodger and was allowed to visit his toa and sugar and butter and cheese with impunity, observed this as sho whipped off tho cover from a dish of mushrooms thut looked as though it might tempt an anchorite. " You'vo got a headache this morning, Mr. Strange, sir. Is it bad ?" " Oh, very bad," said Mr. Strange, who did not for got to koop up his role ot' dolicuto, health ai occasion affordod opportuuity. What things them hoadaohes aro !" deplored Mr«. Jinks. " Nobody knows whence thoy come nor how to drivo 'em away. Betsey Chaffon was nursing a patient in tho spring who'd Had bilious forer and rheumatis combined : and to hoar what she said about that poor dear old gentleman's hoad-" "By tho way, how is Mrs. Chaffon?" intorruptod Mr. Strange, with scant coromony and no regard to the old gentleman's head. " I have not seen ber lately." "She was hore a day or two ago, sir ; down m my kitchen. As to how she is, she's as strong as need be ; which it's thanks to you for inquiring. Slia never has nothing the matter with her." " Is she out nursing ?" " Not now. Sho expects to be callod out soon, and is woitingat homo for it." " Whore is her home ?" " Down Foxg ove Lano, sir, turning off by Mr. Sum uor's church. Bull tho stonemason lives in tho ond houso thora, and sho have lodgod with ,'em for years. Bull tolla her in joko sometimes that somo of 'om ought to be took ill, with such a nurse as her iu the house. Which thoy never are, for it's as healthy a Bpot as any in Foxwood." Mr. Strange had a knack of politely putting au end to his landlady's gossip when he pleased, and of sending her away. Ho did so now j and tho widow transferred herself and her attentions to Mr. Cattacomb's parlour. Puoplo must hold spring und autumn cleanings, or whore would our carpets and curtains bo ?¡Mrs. Chaffon, though occupying but ono humble room (with a choice piece of furnituro in it that was called a " bureau" by day and was a bed by night) was not exempt from tho general sanitary obligations. Mrs. Bull considered that she instituted those periodical bouts of scrubbing oftener than thero was ocousion for ; but Betsy Chaffon liked to take caro of her furnituro-which wus her own -and was moreover a cleanly woman. On this self-same morning she was in tho thick of it ; har gown turned up about hor waist, her hands plunged into a bucket of soapsuds, herself on hor knees, nnd tho furniture all heaped together on tho top of tho shut-up bureau in tho corner, whou ono of tho young Bulls carno iu with tho astounding news that a gentloman was asking for her. " Goodness bloss mo !'' cried the poor woman, turning cold all over, "it can't bo that I'm fetched out, can it, Sum ?-and mo just iu tho middlo of all this mess ?" " Ho said was Mrs. Chiiffon at homo, and could ho eau her," replied Sam. " He's waiting outside." Mrs. Challen sat hack on her hoels, one haud resting on tho buekot, tho other grasping tho wot scrubbing b.-ush, and her {'nco tho very picture of consternation as sho stared at thc boy. She had believe I herself free for I a full week to como. "Is it Mr. Henley himself; Sam p" "It ain't Mr. Henley at all," .said Sam. " It's -, tho gentleman what's staying at Mrs. Jink'a." * . . " What tho plague brings him here this morning of all others, when I've1 got the floor in a sop and nota chair to ask him to sot down upon !" cried the woman,' relieved of her great fear, but vexed nevertheless to be interrupted in her work, and believing tho intruder to be Mr. Cattaoomb, come oin one of his pastoral visits. '' Parsons be frightful bothers sometimes !" "'Taint the Parson ; it's tho t'other one," said Sam Bull. Mrs. Chaff en rose from her knees, stopped gingerly across the wet floor, and took a peep through tho win I dow. There she saw Mr. Strange in the centre of a tribe of young Bulls, dividiug among them a piece ot I lettered gingerbread. Sam, afraid of not coming in I for hts'share of the letters, bolted ont of the room. > "Ask the gentleman if he'll be pleased to step in, Sam, and to excuso the litter," sho called after the boy. " I don't mind him," she mentally added, seizing uçon a mop to mop the wet off tho floor, and thon Jetting down her gown, "and ho must want something par tioular of mo : but I'd not have eared to stand Catto- ? kin's preaching this busy morning." Mr. Strange came in in his pleasant way, admiring* : everything, from the room to tho buoket, and assuring hor he rather preferred wot floors to dry ones. Whi'e she was reaching him a chair and dusting it with her damp apron, he held out his hand, pointing to whore tho cuts had been. " Look here,'Mrs. Ohaffen. I have been, thinking of coming to you thia day or two past,' but fancied I might seo you in Paradise Row, for I'd rather have your opinion than a doctor's at any time. The hand has healed, you seo." " Yes, sir ; it looks beautiful." " But I am not sure that it has healed . properly, though it may look * beautiful,' " ho rejoined. " Feel this middle cut. Here ; just on the seam." Mrs. Chaff en rubbed her fingers on the check apron, and then passed them gently over the place he apoko of. " What do you feel ?" he asked. " Well, sir, it feels a little hard, and there seems to be a kind of knot," aho said, still examining tho place. "Precisely so. There's a stiffness about it that I don't altogether like, and now and then it has a kind of a prickly sensation. What I've been fancying is, that a bit of glass may possibly be in it still." But Mrs. Chaffon did not think so. In her profes sional capacity she talked nearly as learnedly as a doctor could have talked, though not using quite the same words. Her opinion was that if glass had remained in tho hand it would not have healed; ado believed that Mr. Strange had only to let it alone and have a little patience,1 and tho symptoms ho ßpoke of would go away. It ia uot at all improbable that this opinion was Mr. Stmngo's own ; but ho thanked her and said ho would abide by ber advice, and gave hera little moro gentle flattery. Then ho sat down in tho chair she had dusted us if ho meant to remain for the day, in spite of the dis order of affairs and the damp floor, and entered on n. course of indiscriminate gossip. Mrs. Chaffcn liked to got ou quickly with her work, but she liked gossip bet ter ; no matter how busy sho might bc, a dish of that nover came amiss ; and she put her back agaiust another chair and folded her bare arma in her apron, and gos siped back again. In a smooth and natural munuer, apparently without intent, the conversation presently turned upon tho gen tleman (or ghosts Mrs. Chaffcn had seen at the Muzo. It waa a theme she had not tired of yet. " Now you come to talk of that," cried the detective, " do yon know what idea haa occurred to mo upon tho poiut, Mra. Chaffen ? I think the gentleman you saw may have been Sir Karl Andinnian." Nurao Chaffcn, contrary to her uaual habit, did not immediately reply, but seemed to fall into thought. " Waa it Sir Karl?-' " Well now that's a odd thing !" sho broke forth at last. ''Mian Blake asked me tho very same quostion, sir-waa it Sir Knrli Andinnian ?" " Oh did she. When?" " When wo had been talking of tho thing in your rooms, sir - that time that I had been a dressing of your hand. In going down staira, somebody pulled mo, all mysteriously like, into the Reverend Cattukin's parlour ; I found it was Mias Blako, and she began asking mo what tho gentleman looked like and whether it was not Sir Karl." " And was it Sir Karl ?" repeated Mr. Strange. " Now that you havo had timo to reflect upon it, ÍB that the conclusion you come to ?" " No, air, just the opposite. A minute or two after wards, if I'd only waited, I could have told Miss Blako that it waa not Sir Karl. I couldn't say who it was, but 'twas not him." This assertion was so contrary to tho theory Mr. Strange had been privately establishing that it took him somewhat by surprise. " Why aro you onablod to aay aurely it wns not Sir Karl?" ho questioned, laughing lightly, as if tho mat ter amused him. "Because sir, tho gentleman was taller than Sir Karl. And whoa I came to think of it, I distinctly saw that ho had short hair, eithor lightish or grayish j Sir Karl's hair is a beautiful wavy brown, and ho wears it rather long. " Twilight is very decoptivo," remarked Mr. Strange. " No doubt of that, sir ; but thero waa enough light coming in through tho paaaago windows for mo to seo what I have said. I am quito positive it waa not Sir Karl Andinnian." " Would you swear it was not ?" " No, sir, I'd not «wear it ; sweayug's a ticklish thing ; but I am none tho less sure. Mr. Strange, it was not Sir Karl for cortain," alie added impressively. '. Tho gentleman was tailor than Sir Kurl und hâd a bigger kind of figure, broader shoulders liko, and it rather struck mo ut tho time that he limped in his walk. That I couldn't hold to, however. ' " Just the description of what Salter would most likoly bo now," mused tho detective, his doubts veer ing about uncomfortably. " Ho would havo a limp, or something WOIBO, after that escapado out of tho railway carnage" " 'Well, if you aro so sure aboutit, Mrs. Chaffen, I supposo it could uotbavo been Sir Karl." " I can trust my sight sir, and I am sttro. What over could have give rise to thc thought that it was Sir Karl ?" continued she, after a moment's pause. ',' Why, you must know Mrs. Chaffen, that Sir Karl Andinniau is tho ouly mau in Foxwood who ÍB likolw to put on ovoning dress aa a rulo. And being a neighbour of Mrs, Grey's, and also her landlord, it wus not BO vory improbable ho should have called, don't you seo P" Thus enlightened, Mrs. Chaffen no longer wondoro I how tho attrmiso hail arisen. She reiterated hor asser tion that it was not Sir Karl ; and Mr. Strange, gliding into tho important quostion of soda for denning boards, vet sus soap, presently tooknn affable leave. I [TO BE COlTTIKTJED.l Tho Premier and Attorney- Goncral have deohlixl upon postponing their visit t¡> Twofold Bay »nd Bombala for tho pro»ont. Some rlimippoiiitmniit will bo folt at Bombala in oonserpieuce, as a meotlng wus to l e held thero on Christmas eve, to make nrrangomen's for a suitable rcoeptlon of the visitors, 