? r&ELAKlX; THE LORD BISHOR .OF OSSOJ.Y ON THE POOR LAW SYSTEM. The Most Rev. Dr. Moran, Bishop of Ossory, writing to a guardian of the Kilkenny Union recently, passed the following condemnation oiv the Irish Poor Law System:— Many years ago a great statesman of this country predicted that the poor lawe, instead of being a booh to Ireland, would prove to be a gigantic scheme for-the demoralisation and the destruction of the Irish poor. The result has in many districts more than justified the prediction. We hear a great deal, indeed, of English enlightenment at the present day, and of . the boasted progress of this nineteenth century, but nevertheless the helpless, and destitute inmates of our poorhouses, whpse only crime is their infirmity or their poverty, are systematically treated in an incomparably worse manner than our culprits in the convict prisons. The taxes required by our present poor-law system have become an intolerable burden, and yet out of the immense sums annually extracted, under the false name of charity, from the industry of the nation, in many places not more than half is applied to the relief of the poor, the remainder being squandered in supplying large salaries to a host of officials, whose main duty it seems to be to afford the least possible aid or comfort to the poor. So long as the present poor-law system lasts in this country, and I trust it may not be long, the only hope for improving our poorhouses is that a spirit of religion and charity may be allowed to minister to the sick and to guard the children who are imprisoned within their walls. It w.as solely for the purpose of aiding to attain this moBt desirable result that I promised to cooperate with you in introducing the Sisters of Mercy into our Kilkenny poorhouse. It was not a political measure. There was nothing personal or selfish—nothing even that could be called sectarian—in it, for the charity of the Sisters is well known to extend to all, no matter what their religion may be, and hence I hoped that in this city all parties would be found to unite in promoting so desirable a work of mere Christian piety and oharity. Such, I regret to.say, has not been the case, and, from articles which have appeared in the Orange press, and from some expressions that were made use of in the Boardroom, I fear that there are persons who would seek to make this beneficent measure a new source of dissension, and thus bring discredit on the principle of religious charity which it represents. IMPORTANT DECLARATION OF THE BISHOP AND CLERGY OF CLOYNE. Tne following most important declaration of the Most Rev. Dr. Keane, the venierated Bishop of Cloyne, and his patriotic clergy, on the great question of Home Rule, was published iu the Cor/: Examiner of Tuesday, and will be read with joy in every homestead in Ireland : That the time has arrived when the interests of our country require from us, as priests and as Irishmen, a public pronouncement on the vital question of Home Bule. That, as impartial history has branded as unconstitutional and corrupt the means by which we have been deprived of our legislative independence, we regard the claim made by the Home Bule Association of Dublin for its restoration, as the assertion of a true principle, and the vindication of an outraged right. That, whilst we emphatically disclaim any intention of seeking for separation from England, we would respectfully suggest, as the best means of giving practical effect to these views, the holding of an aggregate meeting in Dublin of the representatives of all interested in this great question—and tbey are the entire people, without distinction of creed or class—for the purpose of placipg; by constitutional means, on a broad and definite basis, the nation's demand for the restoration of its plundered.rights. Signed on behalf of the Fermoy Conference, William Keane. D. Mahony, V.G-. and Dean. Signed on behalf of the Kanturk Conference, P. D. O'Began, P.P., V.G., Archdeacon. Signed on behalf of the Coaohford Conference, John Coll inane, P.P., V.F., Canon. Signed on behalf of the Buttevant Bonfer ence, D. Dilworth, D.D., P.P., V.F., Canon. Signed on behalf of ttie Middleton Conference, John Fitzpatrick, P.P., V.F., Canon . A VETERAN.. The 18thy Royal Irish lias the honour of possessing., the oldest soldier in tlie British arpdy, or perhaps in tjie worlds in the person of the Colonel of ,the regiment, General Sir Jolin Forster Fitzgerald, G.C.B., the senior general in tlie army and a veteran of ;80 years* service,, his first commission as ensign bearing, date the 29tli October, 1^93. At tire early age of 18 this dutipgaidied^'pitalr£ riaajbi*)" hiving .obtained* tui. fuw .cojii mission when lie' Wfifc eight' years old; in six months and t$n days ir he was a' captain, and jt?ihedhiaw^iment^ the tl 4&tlf;,'a8.a captaig iiF Y ypara' staii^Sngj; the age of 16. : Sir Jolm Has beenVliil; general for the last'19 'years- an&Colohel; -the ,18th. Royal Irish for 13 yeara. He commanded a light infantiy re#ment at the battle of S&amanca;, and a brigade at the Pyrenees Tin 1813 as Lieutenant- Colonel. FARMERS AND FARMING. " Viator," writing from Dublin to the New York Tablet, says :— _ , Never in the history of Ireland have horses brought so exorbitant prices as they have this year. Ait the fair of BaUina$loe they have ranged in prices from £100 to £800. Any common hackwould realise £50, while a well trained hunting horse would bring, even in Roscommon, from £200 to £400. I saw, a few days ago, a two-year-old colt sold in his halter at £90. I remember, twenty years ago, when a friend of mine paid £18 for a cow. The price was considered so enormous that men residing several miles distant from where my friend resided came to see her. and said that if they "had as much money as Jack Farrell," they would not pay so high a price for a cow, while they could purchase two, each of which would he a good as she, for £18. When I say ! that to-day, at any of tlie fairs in Ros- \ common, or Longford, a cow as wellbred as the one I have mentioned would i bring £50, I say that which is true. Any j poor man s .cow in the County of Roscommon would to-day sell for from £20 to £30, while two years old heifers are being sold at from £16 to £25, yearlings £0 to £12, and weanlings from £7 to £10. Roscommon, I think, can challenge the world over to produce anything in the way of horse or horn cattle that can compare with her breed. This excellency, especially in horn cattle, should be partly credited to the taste of the late': Dean French of Elphin, who spared no expense in procuring the best breed of j cattle any country produced. Sheep are ] ranging in prices very high. Ewes from j £3 10s. to £4 ; yearling hoggets £3 to £3 1 10s.; lambs from £2 to £2 10s. j Now, persons in America who may read j this letter may say, '' the country must j be very prosperous, and farmers must be j getting wealthy :" but there are really : but very few farmers, in the real sense of j the term, in Ireland ; 95 per cent, of ' holders of land are graziers. Except a portion of the County of Dublin, and a portion of the County of Wicklow, adjacent to the city of Dublin, and some small patches about Cork and Belfast, there is, comparatively, no farming carried on in Ireland ; it is one grand grazing field from the Giant's Causeway to Cape Clear. There are a few farmers about Dublin, Cork, and Belfast who cultivate the soil, and with great success. The land about Dublin is, probably, as fine as any in the world, and those who cultivate it have a ready and remunerative market for their produce. Hay, in Dublin, is selling at £4 a ton, while the farmer can raise four tons of timothy, or forced grass as they, call it here, to the acre, and so in proportion with all kinds of produce. I have more than once astonished iflj American friends when I told them that my father had often raised six tons of hay to the acre. They looked upon me as a sort of second edition of Munchausen. Well, I found now that I was not mistaken ; I find that graziers in Roscommon raise as much as seven tons of hay to the acre. Now, the question arises, as to how five millions of people shall obtain a subsistence. since there is but little cultivation of the soil. It is true that the stock raisers, and those who cultivate the soil adjacent to the cities, are becoming wealthy, but let America cease her exportation to Ireland of Indian com, pork, and flour, and the whole population—box and dice—would be dead as a smoked mackerel inside of one year. There is not, in all Ireland, with the most glowing prospects of more than an average. crop, sufficient breadstuff's, including wheat, oats, barley, and potatoes, to sustain the population of the country over four months; nor lias there been any year for the past twenty-five years sufficient produce raised off the soil to support the population six months of any one year, independent of the cattle, seventy-five per cent, of which goes to England. Now, this is a serious fact to contemplate ; a fact that the governing classes ought to take under consideration, and try to devise some plan by which five millions of people would not be entirely dependent for subsistence upon a country separated from theirs by an ocean of 3000 miles in width. . CATHOLIC TOLERATION. I O'Neill Daunt, in a late Home Rule speech at Dublin, referring' to Catholic Toleration, says :—" Look at the Parliamentary, elections. My rev. friend, Mr. Galbraith, witli his large,heart and clear head, and liis spirit, of thorough fair play, took the'trouble of analysing a number of returns, by which he showed that the Catholic electors,, when in great majorities, afi freely g&ve; their votes to Protestant as tb Catholio candidates; I remember some ihstaricW 'OF this Catholic spirit of impartiality ; brttVin^rfe list.gf names is tiresome, so I pass over, liiey illiisfrate the good spirit that actuated,the Catholics of Ireland. While ardently attached to their own creed, they scorn the wretched bigotry that would intrude sectarian distinctions into the domain of politic*. Look, again, at our municipal bodies. For more than thirty years you have had a Catholic majority in the Dublin Corporation. Have not the Catholic members frankly chosen Protestant Lord Mayors alternately with Catholics} Have not the other Irish Corporations in like man' ner given full fair play to their Protestant members 1 It is true that in thus acting they had only done their duty; but it is right to keep their conduct before the public mind, as it furnishes an unmistakeable pledge of their hearty and honourable readinesB to become interfused on fair and equal terms with their Protestant countrymen — satisfied with equality before the law—not only not seeking ascendancy, but regarding it with aversion as being incompatible with national welfare (applause). I ask all alarmists to contrast the conduct of the Irish Catholics in this important regard with that of the Scotch Presbyterians or the English Protestants. Why, the Scotch electors would no more dream of returning a Catholic to Parliament than a Mahometan ; indeed I believe that of the two they would prefer the Turk. And out of tlie five hundred English members of Parliament there are jtist two Catholics, and I believe that one of them became a convert since his election. Catholics in Ireland are certainly not less tolerant than Catholics elsewhere ; and of the way in which these issues are managed on the Continent I can read you some testimony. Of Hungary, Mr. Gleig, a Protestant clergyman, writes: " From the Catholics, though the dominant party in the State, the Protestants receive no annoyance. The most perfect harmony, on the contrary, prevails. . . . . The spirit of tolerance is more conspicuous among the Romanists than among their rivals."' And from a book entitled " Austria," by P. E. Tumbull, F.R.S., I take the following passage : " In the Austrian possessions at this moment, every form of religion may be equally professed and exercised. At Vienna are at present consistorial congregations of Lutherans and Calvinists, Jewish synagogues, and churches of the Oriental Greeks; but persons of every shape of religious creed are admissible to all stations of the army, law, and civil government indifferently. Neither is this, as may be the case in some countries, a mere legal and not practical right." Now, the fears entertained, or pretended to be entertained, in a few quarters, that Home Rule would eventuate in some tremendous mischief to Irish Protestants, are unsanctioned by tlie character of the Irish Catholics, and are in fact, mere ghosts conjured up by a guilty political conscience (cheers). At the time of the memorable Clare election in 1828 it was O'Connell's policy to oppose every government that did not make Catholic emancipation a Cabinet question. So now, too, if a compact and resolute band of sixty or seventy Home Rule members made a point of opposing, upon every question, every government that refused to concede Home Government to Ireland—if, I say, sixty or seventy of our representatives had the firmness and virtue to persevere in such a policy as this—our rulers would soon begin to discover that it would be a great convenience to send such intractable gentlemen back to College-green (cheers). 