NEWS GLEANINGS. HARRY RICKARDS.—This comic singer does not seem to have pleased the people of Warrnam- bool, as a correspondent of the Hamilton Spec- tator says:—"The visit of Harry Rickards has been the sensation of the past few days. His first impressions of Warrnambcol were favourable, for a £55 house, relying on his Melbourne 'repu- tation, greeted him; out when only half the number came the following evening, and one of the papers called him 'a fair specimen of a comic singer of the present day,' while another also damned hm with faint praise, he said 'he couldn't stand the impudence of this (adjec- tive) spud-hole no longer. He inter- viewed one of the scribes with the query, 'Who learned yon to write ?' observing that 'if you was to go to a tea meetin', you might he able to do that ; but being unsuccessful in getting up a scene, he resolved to clear out. Seated in a very accurate trap, with claret- coloured body and burnished pole- chains, he amused himself by putting his thumb to his nose and spreading his fingers in derision at people on the footpaths, and otherwise helped to confirm the popular opinion of his aristocratic origin arising from the truth of his impersona- tion of a costermonger on Thursday night. No doubt this was his idea of a triumph after the Roman fashion. Richards, who is evidently what Sam Weller would call 'werry wulgar,' left by the steamer the same afternoon. The Warmambool Advertiser said that he 'sang very vulgar and low songs in a very vulgar and low manner.' I am afraid to say how many copies of that paper he will receive by post." IMPROVED RAT CATCHING.—A new manner of catching rats is, according to the New York Tribune, "exciting great interest among the returning householders in Madison Ave. A barrel is filled half full of water. A layer of powdered cork is laid on its surface, and over this a layer of cornmeal is sifted. A chair and a box or two are placed unobtrusively in the neighbourhood, whereby the rat gains the edge of the barrel. He sees nothing but the meal. He has no innate idea which teach him to beware of the treacherous foundation on which that tempting surface rests. He sniffs, he leaps, and goes gently down through meal and cork to his watery grave. If any of his friends see him disappear from the end of the barrel they hasten after him to get their share of the probable plunder, and are in turn taken in by hospitable death. The plan seems effective as against the rats, but is calculated to destroy their confidence in human nature." THE MASSACRE OF PERSIANS BY TURCOMANS. —In a London telegram of September 2 it was stated that 2,000 Persians had been massacred by Turcomans, and the Sydney Morning Herald states that the Levant Herald throws some light on the matter in a letter from its Tabnees corre- spondent. "He states that the Russians in Turkestan since their successes in Central Asia have, to their credit, persistently enfranchised the wretched Persians existing in slavery there, and restored them to their homes; also, with a liberality that would shock our rigid economists even more than the Canadian guarantee and the Zanzibar mail contract, the Russian Government has always borne the cost of their journey. Some hundreds of these poor creatures, princi- pally victims of the Persian fiasco of 1860, when 20,000 solders were made slaves by the Turco- mans, were lately dispatched to Astracan by the Russian Government of Samarcand. A HORSE'S SAGACITY.—A correspondent has sent the subjoined paragraph to the -Ovens and Murray Advertiser:—" I have to record a rare instance of equine sagacity, which goes far to show that the horse is possessed of feelings very closely allied to those of humanity. The animal, while paying attention to his morning meal, was being closely observed by a calf, who evidently would not quarrel even with a feed of hay. The horse, probably attracted by the calfs longing looks, did not politely invite him to share his feed, but deliberately took & large mouthful of it and deposited it before him, giving a whinny of satisfaction as his bovine companion thank fully commenced the attack. But to prove that the horse is also possessed of feelings of-a dif ferent nature likewise too often characteristic of mankind, I need only say that when the mother of the calf attempted to partake of the youngster's portion it received a kick from the horse" so viciously given as almost to break its shoulder-blade." Pilgrimages.—These revivals of a past age are apparently becoming very popular in Europe. By the last mail we learn that it is estimated that 50,000 pilgrims have passed through Paris since August 1 on their way to sacred shrines. A pilgrimage to Jerusalem has been organized under the auspices of the Arch bishop of Paris. The Pilgrims were to leave Marseilles about the middle of October, and after stopping a few days at Alexandria were to visit the works of the Isthmus, and then pro ceed to Jerusalem, Excursions will be made to Bethlehem, Jericho, Jordan, the Dead Sea, Mount Carmel, Saint Jean d'Acre, Beyrout, &c.; The return journey will be by way of Smyrna, Athens, Sicily, and Marseilles. The time to be occupied between the start and the arrival home is estimated at about two mouths and a half. Amber.—The Vien:<.a correspondent of the Argus gives the subjoined interesting facts about the amber trade.:—" A lionigsherg Company sends a diving dress used in the _ obtaining of amber, the mask of which is specially adapted for carrying on researches at the bottom_of the sea. A good display of amber itself is also shown from Konigsberg which is one of the chief head-quarters of the trade so much so, that at one time there were no less than 70 amber turners in the town. The amber is found all along the coast of East and West Prussia, obtain ed from the sea, which, after high north winds, biows up a tremendous quantity of seaweed. The amber fishers stationed on the shore, wait till the floating mass comes near enough, and then send people np to; their necks in water, pro vided' with nets. There is a formation known as the glauconite sand, which extends under the Baltic,, and in stormy weather this bed_gets pulled about and disturbed, bringing up with it large quantities of amber and brown coal._ It used to be a royal monopoly, and was so strictly guarded, that coastguard riders were stationed all along the coast to search peasants, any one of whom found to have concealed any pieces on his person was hung up to the nearest tree. Now, however, the Government lets out its rights to private amber collectors." Homoeopathy at New York,—Homoeopathy has the advantage over allopathy in the State of New York. The Monthly Homoeopathic Review reports that by a recent Act of the Legislature all practitioners, in the State of New York are now compelled to pass a State examination.. Whatever may be the diploma they chance to hold, before they ean occupy the position of legally-qualified practitioners of medicine or surgery they must undergo an examination before the State Board of Medical Examiners. The Aot further provides that candidates must show a proficiency in both allopathy and homoeo pathic therapeutics. To this end examiners^ were directed to be appointed for both branches. It appears that the allopathic physicians who would have been eligible for positions on this Board refused to serve with nomcsopaths. The eoneequence is that a State Board of Medical - Examiners has been^ appointed, and every member .of the Board is a homoeopathic practitioner. No one can heaeeforth legally practise medicine in the State of New York without his qualification ~ to do so having boon tested by a Board of homoeopathic physicians. fexAKE-Rrra.—Regarding snake-bite a corre spondent of the New York Ledger, gives the following antidote:—"Sir—Some time ago I saw in your, paper -a request to your readers to furnish, if any of them could, a certain cure . for snake-bite. I was barn and raised in a very j snaky portion of Kentucky, and on several occasions knew of cures being effected of persons when bitten by the most poisonous snakes—rattlesnakes and copperheads—by & very simple application, and never heard of it failing as a remedy in a single instance. This remedy I will now give you:—Take an «gg and beat it well, tbeu mix it with a teblespoonful of gunpowder and a like quantity of salt; spread it on a linen or eotten rag _ and apply it to tbe wound. Shortly after it is applied the back of the rag will show evidence of the poison by turning green. Apply a second plaster, sum! continue to change the application until the discoloration of the cloth .ceases to be apparent. This was the sole remedy used in the portion of the State to which I refer, but I have no doubt that the free use of whisky would also be of advantage.—W.R.K. Any. kind of spirituous liquor is useful in such emergencies.* - Railways in Victoria.—Tenders, says the Argus, have been opened for the works of the fourth and last section of the BaJlarat and Aarat Railway, extending from Buangor to Ararat, a distance of 14 miles, 31 chains, and 10 ynirn There were five tenders sent in. The lowest was declared to be that of Messrs. Vallins, Quavle, and Blackie, £43,675 3s. 9Jd. Mr. Gillies referred the tender to the Engmeer-in Chief to report upon. Tenders were opened for the supply of 16,000 sleepers, and 1,500 lineal feet of crossing timber. The lowest tender was not announced, as none of the ^tenderers had offered to supply the full quantity of sleepers required. All bad tendered for a .proportion only, and some had not tendered for the crossing timber at all. Mr. Gillies stated that the whole would bo referred to the Engiueer-in-Chief to report which was the lowest tender, but it was very likely that if they were within the estimate he might recommend that several should be taken, as none had offered to supply the full { quantity required. i The BnKmsTS Outdone.—He Tiondon oor I respondent of the Birmingham Pest writes:—" If ! any devout Spiritists prevail in the Midlands, they should make * pilgrimage at onoe to the Crystal Palace at Sydenham. Here are two mediums there, Mr. Maskelene and Mr. Cooke, who havegreatqualificationsfor astouBdingthem. Hey 'greatly surpass the Davenport Brothers. They make tables dance, walking stacks con verse, wreaths of flowers to float through the air; and present themselves to favourites of the spirits; a lady floats in the air—not in the dark seance, but in the open daylight. The audience are not required to sit round in the dark, hold-' ] ing each other's hands like so many idiots, but with powerful opera glasses In their hands, are in vited on the stage, and sit there during the per formance— * manifestations' I- ought to say. A cabinet is placed before the audience, elevated so that persons can see under it, and over it, and on both sides of it, and incredu lous auditors -are permitted on the stage, who can watch behind it. He floor below is covered with a carpet, which renders the use of a trap door impossible, and there are no possible means by which persons placed in the box could escape from it without -observation: yet a man enters the box, bis legs are locked in heavy wooden stocks; when the door is opened the man is gone and no one can conceive in what way he has disap peared. He returns to his box in the garb of a gorilla, manifesting Satanic proclivities. He ; succeeds in dragging into his cabinet one "King ' Bill, a butcher, and both gorilla and butcher are gone when the door is again opened;, and although a distinguished Spiritist was allowed to - be on the stage, and a very incredulous and sus picious gentleman from the body of the meeting, ] yetmeither could discover how the disappearances ' came about. Whether the gorilla ate the butcher, or whether the butcher ate the gorilla, or whether both ate each other, no one was able to say or to - suggest in what possible manner they could, have disappeared. The Maskelene and Cooke spirits will excel all others that have ever troubled the world before. The Davenport Brothers were always found in their cabinet. They were like spirits who had lost their legs, they never could get away. But these spirits disappear with velocity. For a long time the Spiritists have been, so they say, getting the.better of the world, but now the children of this world have got the better of the spirits. Mr. Maske lene and Mr. Cooke play Spiritist pranks which no Cock-lane ghost could pretend to, and which would have brought Dr. Johnson down upon his knees in wonder and adoration. Two centuries ago the end of Messrs. Maskelene and Cooke would have been fire a ad faggot." Somnambulism. — A correspondent of the Tenterfield Star, writing from near Lawrence, on the Clarence Biver, New South Wales, says:— "I have to relate a very singular freak of somnambulism, which occurred to a lady resi dent on one of the outlying stations. A few weeks ago the lady in question, who, by the way, is above the average feminine height, thus making the outline of her figure appear more conspicuous, stalked out about 11 o'clock on a beautiful moonlight night, divested of all attire excepting her night-dress, and was observed walking majestically, yet apparently with stealthy footsteps. The lady in question, who is known to be an excellent equestrienne, caught her favouriie horse — by merely i beckoning to him —and with the most ex quisite grace mounted, having nothing to guide ' the animal, nor anything. to lay hold of but its flowing mane. They flew along at a splendid pace for about 300 yards, until at last coming to a small but deep lake, and receiving no check from his fearless mistreBS, the animal plunged into it, submerging both for a few moments in its dark and limpid waters. On again rising to the surface, to the astonishment of your humble servant and another observer, the lady seemed to have recovered her wonted faculties, and was urging her steed to shore. Having at last succeeded in doing so, she cantered off like the wind 'to her own home. Delicacy forbade both spectators from inter fering with the lady, but on callingnext day and enquiring after her health we found that she had suffered no inconvenience from her mid night bath and ride." Working op the Victorian Education • Act.—Says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph:— "It is a source of unqualified pleasure to find tbat the principle of allowing religious instruc tion in tbe public schools after school hours is working well in the present, and hopefully as regards the future. No provision was more stoutly contested. We were single-handed in the Melbourne Press, and had the Ministry against us, and the provision as it stands in the Act is indeed unnecessarily stringent. But, such as it is, clergyman after clergyman stood up in the Presbyterian Assembly yesterday to say that he had established Bible classes in connection with our State schools, and Dr. Cameron informs us how the whole of the Protestant clergy have joined in the work at St. Kilda. The secular school is closed first of all, and the children are turned out of doors, all of wldch is an arbitrary and unnecessary proceeding. It would be quite sufficient for the teacher to vacate his seat, and for children who did not want the lesson to be allowed to leave when the religious teacher entered on the scene. But as it is Dr. Cameron says few of the children fail to reassemble; they are benefited, the parents are pleased, and the- doctor regards these hours as the most pleasant part of his parochial duties. As we anticipated, the Boards of Advice-have co-operated heartily with the clergy in this manner, and tbe pro bability is that the union of the sects on the St. Kilda model, and the competition and publicity thus obtained, will lead to the children receiving a more satisfactory religious training •now-a-days than the close and perfunctory teachings in the old Church schools. The Act, in fact, contains all the means for establishing a noble educational system—one which will make us proud of Victoria, and which will tell for us in the long run. Patience and a right spirit on the part of Its workers are now what are required." Explorations in Northern Australia.— " The Queensland Government," the Brisbane Courier says, "is dispatching an expedition, consisting of five men with whaleboat, from Normanton, under the charge of Mr. Sub-Col lector Fahey, to explore the Mitchell Biver, in < the Gulf of Carpentaria, about 150 miles to the northward of Normanton, with a view to ascer taining the capabilities of this almost unknovn 'river, and the possibility of its use as a means of communication from the Gulf to the Palmer Gold-fields. Mr. Fahey and party will avail themselves of the kind-offer of tire master of the Royal Duke to-convey the party and their boat to the latitude of tbe Mitchell, at the entrance of which they expect to find the -Customs cutter the Duke of Edinburgh, which has been-dis patched with supplies for thejmrty. Mr. Fahey is instructed to proceed, if possible, to the . head of the navigable waters of the Mitchell, which it is presumed are some 150 miles from the entrance, to make occasional short . excursions from both banks inland, and note .all particulars of any interest or importance. The Mitchell, at about' 100 miles from its mouth, branches off. into two arms, the north retaining the name of the Mitchell, the-south is called the Lind. Mr. Fahey is instructed to take the north branch, which is supposed to run into the Kennedy Biver in longitude about 144, near the Coast Bange, at no great distance from the Palmer Gold-fields. He will probably be on this expedition for a month,, and his report mav be. leeke.d for with , some interest. Although Iieichardt crossed the Mitchell in 1845. and the Jaidines in 1864, but little Is ktaown of its capa bSities, or of the neighbouring country, portions of wldch may be well suited for sugargrowing. Little is known, in fact, of the true coarse, of the river; tbe idea that it joins the Kennedy is solely based , on supposition, and is a geogra phical problem which may be left tor Mr. Fahey to solve." Addresses, Banquets, Deputations, and Processions.—It is remarked by the .Melbourne Daily Telegraph that "Sir J. Fergusson is running a tilt in New Zealand against proces sions, deputations, and addresses,'and so far has met with small success. 'On.his visit to i Westland he gave a procession the go-by, and | discontent flared forth vehement' and strong^ The Press teemed.witb letters of complaint, and the banquet wise poorly attended, and His Excellency spent the bulk of his timeiu Hokitika explaining ins conduct. ' Me was too dusty and ; tired, he says, to meet the procession, only,,at i the same time, be telegraphed to Christchurch and Dunedin that the people had better not get -op process:mib there. As a compromise he trill receive addresses, and trifle with a plate of turkey and salad, but as to welcoming the Odd fellows and smiling on the Foresters, and patting the heads of the school children, that Sir James utterly renounces and declines. It would be very pleasant for the Governors in the colonies, doubtless, to do as they pleased in these matters, but one is afraid, if Sir James Fergusson's example is followed, these gentle men will lose much of their popularity and power. Processions and addresses may be shams very often, but to a great many people they are the only means they possess of mani festing their loyalty and of approaching Her Majesty's representative, and if there is to be no loyalty, why it will soon be discovered that there is no need of a Governor. People who are above addresses can cut them. People who scorn banquets can remain away. People who are not so enthusiastic as the Foresters and the Oddfellows can contemn processions. But not so with Governors and Premiers, who are expected to smile, and bow, and listen. After all, these gentlemen do not do so much for their salaries tbat they thould shirk contact with the crowd as if each was a Coriolanus." 