THE MERCURY. MONDAY MORNING, NOV. 19, 1878. WE believe Ministers have commenced in earnest their preparations for the total breaking up of Port Arthur as a penal establishment. Their perfect loyalty to the will of Parliament in this matter is all the more creditable to them, that the resolution of the Legislature was not in accordance with their individual opinions. They argued and resisted while argument and resistance were legitimate ; but Parliament having decided according to what it in its wisdom, thought best, Ministers have risen above the petty device of passive resistance, and are honestly engaged in carrying out the will of Parliament, which demands the total abolition of the plague spot on the map of Tasmania, and a thorough change in our prison system. To effect this may be accompanied with some inconvenience ; but we believe that the ultimate result will be alike beneficial and satisfactory, and that the press, on whose efforts the COLONIAL TREASURER, when a private Member of the Upper House, attempted to throw discredit, will have no cause to regret the part it has taken. We could afford to put its proper value on Mr. FÏSH'S effort to weaken the influence of the press, when he sought to raise a feeling of jealousy between the public and the press, by an expression of the doubts that oppressed him as to whether the press led public opinion or public opinion led the press, his intended inference having apparently been to excite the distrust of the public at being considered cats' paws in the hands of the press, or divert the perseverance of the press by representing it as a blind instrument in the hands of an uninformed public. Compelled by the exigencies of official life to check the erratic fancies that may he indulged in with comparative impunity in the wider area allowed free lances, Mr. FYSH will perhaps by this time have better understood the importance of listening alike to the voice of the press, and to public opinion, without, however, abandoning that free exercise of his private judgment, which, calmly exercised by individuals, constitutes that sound public opinion, which finds a reflex and an organ in the press, that is free without being licentious. The press of Tasmania has been unanimous in its condemna- tion of Port Arthur, and in its action in connection with this question can have been only actuated by what it believed to be the public good. We are not ignorant of the difficulties Government will have to encounter in carrying out the public desire in this respect. It would have no doubt been more pleasant, in the face of so much other work imperatively demanding their attention, to have deferred to a more convenient season so troublesome a question, involving details, of which only they who have to deal with them, can form any idea and therefore it is that we give the Government all the more credit for their honest intention to carry out the will of Parliament. The prison accommodation of Hobart Town has, we believe, been receiving theirporsonalattentioii, and Port Arthur will next I be visited at some individual inconvenience. I The very fact that Ministers cannot carry out a scheme for the transference of the criminal, invalid, and insane confines of Port Arthur without, not only a personal visit, but the occupation of several days in the work, is one of strongest proofs of the necessity and wisdom of the steps that are being taken in breaking up that penal establishment. It is too far removed from everyday supervision, and thus, evils have grown up that would have been avoided had the public eye more penetrated the hidden mysteries of what-and chiefly from its isolated condition, at one time too truly merited the name it got -a hell upon earth. On the whole, whether as a matter of sentiment, ores carrying out a great public good, we welcome with satisfaction the near approach of that period when Port Arthur as a penal establishment shall be among the things of the past. The cessation of sending prisoners to Port Arthur should infer something else than the mere doing away of that establishment. A sentence of imprisonment must be made to have a deterrent and reformatory effect, without, on the one hand, the encouragement to idleness and loafing that have been generally found to make incarceration in Hobart Town a welcome pastime, and without on the other" hand, I that tendency to cruel vindictiveness that has given Port Arthur such a bad name. This change for the better, presupposes another that ought to be made an essential element in any system of prison discipline. The gaols should be made self-supporting. As outside, so inside the prison walls, as a man works so, and so only, should he eat that is assuming him in health. Lot the habitual prisoner be made to feel that he is paying the full value of his board, and that the State is making a profit out of his work, and the sentence of the Judge or Magistrate will not be deemed the password to comfortable quarters which it is by many now regarded. From the Civil Commandant's Return for 1872, it appears that the cost of Port ' Arthur for that year was £14,080, while the amount of produce raised and applied in aid of rations, and the value of labour received for timber and other produce, were but £2081, leaving a loss of £12,593. We are aware that we have also returns of produce raised, the timber sawn, the bricks made, and the articles of clothing and other stores made or repaired, which, by the peculiar system of book-keeping ' adopted in other Colonies as well as here is made to convert a loss into a profit. We desire to BOU the value of labour represented, not fanci- fully or arbitrarily, but by labour of a definite and ascertained value. We have before us the report of the Inspector General of Penal establishments and gaols in Victoria for the year 1872, and there we find the same system of what in any other department of life would be called squaring accounts. The Inspector General reports having had his attention directed to that which we regard an indispensable concomitant of the change in Tasmania, the duty of making the prisons " more efficient as institutions in which a general scheme of discipline, both deterrent and reformatory in its action, might be brought to bear on the present population." We are told that at Pentridge, and the other penal establish month, the hulk " Sacramento," and the Sand ridge and Williamstown defence works, the labour of the prisoners had been so divided as to have produced work to the value of £19,212, much of which was no doubt of no greater intrinsic worth than the nominal value of some arbitrarily prepared scale. But it was not all so. Of the above named Bimi, £6,44, or fully one-third, was actually paid in cash to the Treasury. This last sum is something so tangible, that we could wish to see more of prison labour brought to so matter of fact a test. The nominal value of labour performed in the several gaols of the Colony was £1C,C73 ; but the kind of labour, or the mode of ascertaining its worth, must be something different from what prevails in the penal establishments, for of the £10,073 earned in the gaols, only £1,294 found its way into the Treasury. The total cost of the penal establishments is returned at £30,180,of the gaols at £28,558 ; together £58,738. The nominal value of labour in both penal establishments was £35,885, leaving a deficiency of nearly £23,000 as the cost of the prison population. But if we deduct only the actual cash paid into the revenue, £7,938, we find that the Colony of Victoria had to pay last year no less a sum than £50,800 for the punishment of offenders against the law and this irrespective of the cost of detecting and suppressing crime In all the Colonies the cost of the criminal classes assumes such proportions, and so much is expended in the salaries and wages of those employed in the penal establishments and gaols in Victoria £36,000 - that it would appear there is as much need of united action among the Colonies in this respect, as with regard to customs and intercolonial tariffs. Each Colony may reduce its cost of prison discipline to the lowest practical amount, and do its best to make prisoners maintain themselves. That, in fact, is at present all that seems to be within the compass of any of the Colonial Governments, and to that they must direct their attention ; but, while this necessity is kept in view, it would be well if, taking a more comprehensive view of the question, some of the Governments should initiate a measure for the construction of a penal establishment common to all the Colonies, to be supported according to the revenue, population, or sentenced prisoners of each contributing Colony. THE Melbourne Press, with the exception of the evening paper, is up in arms against what appears to have been a studied insult on the part of Mr. Bagot, of the Jockey Club, who has been hitherto so indiscreetly be praised as to have evidently become, to use a horsey expression, too big for his boots. In Saturday's Mercury we copied from the | Argus a very temperately written account of what has led to the stand' taken up by the morning papers. We can easily understand what must have been the disappointment of the Melbourne public when they opened out their usual " guide, philosopher, and friend," and found no more allusion to the proceedings at theFlemingtonRacecourse than had the events taken place in Kamschatka. Even here, the Derby and the "Cup are looked forward to with much interest. Tasmania would have been well represented among the sight seers and by those left behind, the well written accounts of the races that appear in the Melbourne papers have been always looked forward to with great interest. The account of the Derby day) which we were able to give on Saturday was a very creditable one so far as it weathers many missed the more complete reports of the morning papers and from the disappointment felt here, we can easily imagine what must have been the feeling in Melbourne and throughout Victoria. Some have no doubt vented their indignation because they were made to suffer for a quarrel to which they were no parties and at first sight, it may appear hardly right that the readers of newspapers should not receive the ordinary accounts of passing incidents for which they tacitly stipulate when they subscribe for their paper. They may naturally argue that they should not be deprived of that for which they pay, because the newspaper from which they expect information, refuses to incur the expense necessary in obtaining the information. But this is a very narrow and one-sided view of the case. The question of cost never i entered into the calculations of the recalcitrant papers. Nor would the conductors of either of the morning papers have been little-minded enough to raise Mr. Bagot from his bantam crow on his own [ dunghill, into sufficient importance to measure their strength with his petulance. Had the Argus, the Age, and the Telegraph had only to bear with the impertinence and high jinks of the Secretary of the Jockey Club, he would have been passed over with contempt, or quietly snuffed out, without the larger proportion of the betters on any event being much the wiser of the great man's humiliation, But there was evidently something more involved than what was personal to Mr. Bagot and that is the dignity and independence of the Press, that has evidently in some way wrong Mr, Bagot's withers or declined to become his tools, ere he screwed his courage to the sticking point, and displayed a littleness that has only received proportions from the stand taken by the Press. Here rumour has it that all this snubbing of the Press owes its origin to its recent exposure of some intended " little game's But whether this he so or not, there can be no doubt that the turf is more indebted to the Press than the Press, under any conceivable circumstances, can ever be to the turf. In saying this we do not so much refer to the greater proportions that racing events occupy in the public mind, as to the greater purity that prevails among those who engage in, or take an interest in, racing matters. It is to the Press that the Jockey Club is indebted for the high position it occupies in the matter of successful meets. On chronicled by the Press, racing would lose its interest, and each successive meeting would show a diminished attendance. But it is useless to speculate on an improbability. Air.' Bagot will not be allowed the importance that would incur any risk of this. He will find himself but the fly on the wheel, or illustrating Stephenson's answer as to a supposed obstruction to a locomotive, "It will be so much the water for the coo." We feel satisfied that the Press of Melbourne would have declined entering unnecessarily on an undignified Warfare with the official of an Association that they have made, and could unmake. Not only was there a discontinuance of the usual courtesy, but it was carried out in as offensive a manner as possible. And if the morning papers had been content to be thus treated with indignity, a great triumph would have been obtained by the large and unprincipled class, mostly hangers on, but that not unfrequently obtain a footing inside the centre that regulates racing events. The independent reporter of an independent paper deprived of the prestige of his position, would be less a terror to blacklegs than he now is. There is no use of mincing matters. But for the light let in upon racing events by the Press, and the manner in which it holds up the mirror to villany, showing the scoundrel his own hideousness, and making him a beacon for the warning of others, the turf would have been a mass of festering corruption. Roguery in its worst guise would have been rampant and the turf would not, in public estimation, have been above the level of the rat pit. If the properly authenticated reporter is excluded from penetrating everywhere, or if he becomes so mixed up with the common throng that his identity, influence, and prerogative are lost, though he may not sink to the level of those to whom he is now a terror, unprincipled follows will attempt to raise themselves to his love, not with the honourable desire of faithfully discharging an honourable trust, but with the object of forwarding some swindle for their own advantage, or that of their pals." It is not in aid of morality, or for the well being of society, that persons take it on them to represent themselves as detectives or policemen ; nor will the blackleg give himself out as connected with the Press with any thought of maintaining the good name of the turf. The Jockey Club committee and the Jockey Club secretary may have imagined they were I doing a smart and spirited thing. Ere this time they must have become satisfied that they have done a very foolish thing, and if they do not retrace their steps they will speedily add to their knowledge the consciousness that they have done a very objectionable and wrong thing. It is no joke quarrelling with the Press because, whatever individual members may do, the press, as a body, does not provoke, nor take up a quarrel, without due consideration, good grounds, and the assured confidence of being able to carry the struggle to a successful termination. It first counts the cost. On this ground alone the Jockey Club committee and its secretary are sure to be worsted, and in the interests of honest racing it is desirable that they should be so, for the attempt to lower the status and influence of the Press is the direct path to a thorough demoralization of the turf. TELEGRAPH OFFICE The Telegraph Office will open this (Monday) morning for the transmission of messages from 800 to 10 o'clock, and in the afternoon from C to 7 o'clock, POST OFFICE ARRANGEMENTS. In consequence of to-day's holiday, there will be only one delivery by the letter-carriers, and as soon as the Intercolonial mails, per s s Tamar, are sorted, letters can be obtained up to 10 a.m. from the private boxes. ST. DAVID'S CATHEDRAL. During the morning and evening services at St. David's yesterday, the Very Rev. Dean Cox delivered a valedictory address to very large congregations. In alluding to his recent and unexpected appointment to a living in England, the rev. gentleman said that during the time of his last visit to the old country he had never, either directly or indirectly, made application for any appointment, and therefore the telegram which he recently received was altogether unexpected. He believed, however, that a change would be beneficial as regarded himself, and not unfavour- able to the congregation. The rev. gentleman then alluded in feeling and earnest terms to the apathy manifested by members of the congregation, both as regarded regularity in church attendance, the paucity of communicants, and the decreasing number of persons seeking the rite of confirmation ; those discouragements were attributable to the apparent apathy of the congregation, but, at the same time, he did not desire to hold himself blame- less ; although a good deal of truth was connected with the old proverb that a "house-going parson makes a church-going people," yet he did not altogether affirm the entire truth of the position. Whatever negligence he betrayed in the way of visiting his parishioners, had been atoned for by his devotion to study, which would eventually tend for their good. He trusted his successor would be rewarded by the steady sympathy of the congregation. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES AT THFCONGRFO NATIONAL MEMORIAL CHURCH -The first anniversary services in connection with the Congregational Church, Brisbane street, were held yesterday, but in consequence of the inclement state of the weather, the congregations were not so large as might have been expected in the morning the sermon was preached by the Rev. W. C Robinson, (pastor) from the voids in the 2nd chapter of the Acts of the Apes ties, to d and 4th \ el ses , " And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire and it sat upon each of them And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues ' as the Spirit give them utterance In the evening, I the Rev Geo Clarke officiated, and took as his text the 2nd and 3rd verses of the 3rd chapter of the 1st Epistle General of John "Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that, when he seemed appeal, we shall be like him for we shall see him as he is And every man that hath this hope in Him punish himself, even as he is pine' At each service it was announced that a public meeting in connection with the church would beheld on Wednesday evening, at which Sir Hubert Officer would p . (de THEATRE ROY AT The piece placed on the boards of the Royal on Saturday evening, was the popular drama of Black Eyed Susan, of which Miss June and Mr J P West played the parts of "Susan and William very creditably there was but a very meagre attendance, however, to appreciate the performance which was the more to he regretted that the scenic effect, which had been got up with considerable trouble and expense, deserved a better house That part of the drama where William was on his trial, was admirably put on the stage, but even it was very far eclipsed by the scene on board ship, prepatory to the expected death of William There was almost a painful to Heness and minuteness of representation, almost deceive ing the onlooker into the belief that he was on board ship This evening there is a grand Scotch bill of fat o provided, namely, the dramatised version of Sir Walter Scott s great novel Hob Jim, to be of follow ed by JM ei t Vacrmr We understand that the 01 chestra under the command of Mr McGuinness, have been practicing all the music incidental to the leading pace and that the whole will be produced at intervals during the recital of the drama in which also sov ei ajsoiysai e introduced Miss June premises also to save few words in reference to the past, present and future of the Hobart Town 1 beatie , ' so that altogether the last night of the Juno Comedy Company s appearance before us cannot fail of being intensely interesting JUNO COMEDY COM ANY -lins company, that has had so successful a am here, is to appeal at the Mechanics Institute, Green Ponds to morrow evening, and on Thursday evening at Padfield's Assembly Room, Campbell low ii, on their way to Launceston Cut CouNCIl -The Council meet to him row The following is the business for consideration on the notice paper Reports from the various committees, as follows Waterworks On subject of Joseph Hawkes, contractor, for dists south " pipes and his letter thereon Public Works On petition from residents in upper Mclv like street and vicinity thereof, for formation of footpaths, and on improvement to cart track on petition from late papers residing in Elizabeth and Liverpool streets, for a regular system of watering those streets Finance On application from Mr Collector Piesse as to his salary Select Committee Result of arbitration i e trustees estate late Mr John James, if concluded Orders of the day Mr Alderman Cook to move that tenders be invited for the ear vey of the Hobart Town Rev tact with plans and specifications, deciding the best means of preventing loss and damage by reason of floods, and the accu initiation of sewage matter "THE TIMIHMNCI- Nivvs' -The November issue of this periodical, published in Melbourne, is replete with news respecting the temperance cause, which appears to be gaining ground rapidly in the colonies We notice, as evidence of the progress which Good Feminism is making in Victoria, that there are now lil lodges in that colony, numbering many thousands of members. The number of Rechabite tents is 109 and the Sons of Temperance have a large number of divisions throughout the colony CRICKET M vron -A match will be play ed to day on the Association Ground between an 11 of the Derwent C C and 14 High School captained by W H Walker Wickets (weather permitting) to be pitched at 9.30 a.m., ship The following comprise the team - Dei neill J Benison, A Reid, T Campbell, W Campbell E F Lucas, W Searle, E W hitesules I Whitesides, V It Teny, C Butler, W H Walshe High School W H Walker, C W Butler, L Butler Aiken, Cameron, A Taylor C Pike, H Toni, T, Bowman, Stuttered, G McMillan, P O Fysh, A Doran, M Clark, J K Smith BANK OF VAN DIEMEN'S List -A general meeting of proprietors of stock in this bank, is to be held at the bank on the 2nd of December at 12 o'clock, for the election of directors for the ensuing I J cai ROYAL Socim OFTVSMV.MV-The last monthly meeting of this Society for the present session will be held at the Museum on Tuesday evening next, the 11th instant COURT PRIDE OF TASMAN I V, A O T -Hie breath son of the above Court are requested to meet at the Mechanics' Institute tomorrow evening, at 8 o'clock for the purpose of presenting medals to Brother Moore, treasurer, and Brother William Crawford, P C K NEW NORFOLK REGATTA. -A. public meeting is to be held to-morrow at the Star and Garter Hotel, New Norfolk, for the purpose of making an ange merits for holding the annual regatta INSUFFICIENTLY SivMiFD-Hie following letter was posted on Saturday insufficiently stamped Mrs Bell, Ballan, Victoria Tiiui NoniLnv -A correspondent of the Bendigo Independent mentions the following incident as having come under his own observation, during the recent Vice legal visit to Bendigo As the party were hurrying, after an inspection of the hospital, to the laying the foundation of a new wing, there was (says the correspondent of the Hadspen tent) a stir amongst them for going down stairs When Lady Bowen passed the open door of one of the wilds her eyes glanced at a bed i right opposite to it, in which she saw a little fellow, of five orBixyeaisof ngo lying helpless with sickness Well, that sight made her forget Sn Bovven's hurry, his anxious wish for despatch, and the ceremony and the crowd waiting, and the shortness of time , the woman's natural tenderness took sole command of her She rushed iii, and petted and coin forced the little sufferer with such manifest tenderness and humanity that I would almost have stood a broken limb to have been in that little fellows position ENGLISH LAWS is CHINA. We clip the following from the Ai mt -It will be recollected that some months ago Mr O W Cuno the late Consul at Hankow, was arrested at Sydney on a charge of smoodging the public funds and sent back to China in custody We learn from the II ml now Go etc that his trial for omb ceremony took place on the 6th August " The prisoner having pleaded not guilty' Mr Robinson for the defence, under favoured to impress upon the jury the fact that for any misappropriation of funds to come under the head of larceny there must be proof of intent to defraud, and unwillingness to make restitution upon the part of the defaulter, pointing out that the only outlet co at; mist the pi ist ner was in h own voluntary admission as shown in his correspondence with the home authorities The judge then summed up, and dismissed the jury to consider their verdict At about a quarter to 1 they returned into court and gave a general verdict on the whole indictment (the) had not been required to give their verdict on separate counts)-' We find that the prisoner took the money without any fraudulent m tention The counsel for the defence thereupon ros i and (us we imagine properly) claimed a verdict of acquittal The Crown counsel sat silent uni! claimed nothing Whether the clerk of the court entered the verdict at all we cannot say but as nobody directed him to do so, perhaps he did not But the judge, whose summing up was all along against the prisoner, desiring of the jury to know ' what the meant,' a scene of discussion followed, unintelligible alike to counsel, jury, reporters, and spectators, until at last the jury took refuge in flight, the judge charging them afresh, and show describing to them what their verdict should be, and in fact suggesting that the verdict should be on the several counts At length the jury returned and delivered a verdict of guilty, with a recommendation to mercy, and the judge thereupon passed upon the prisoner the severe sentence of two years' imprisonment." 