A PALM SUNDAY SERVICE IN AN ENGLISH CHURCH. A COBEEsroNEENT sends a London journal the following account of what took place on Sunday morning at St. Paul's, Lorrimore:square, Wal worth :- ' "The church, a building in the Early English style of architecture, has been transformed, apparently at no slight cost into an edifice well calculated to delight the lover of ultra ritual. The chancel arch has been bridged by a handsomely coloured rood-loft "or gallery surmounted by the usual cross the absence of a chancel screen has been remedied by the erection of seats for the clergy, who are thus enabled to face east and turn their backs on the congregation ; the sacrarium has been decorated and hung with curtains varied at the different seasons ; candles have been placed on the ledges above the high altar, while outside the chancel two side altars of considerable size have been erected, each of which is duly f furnish d, as in a bona-fide Roman church, for the saying of masses practice which is, we are informed, adopted at St. Paul's in such a way that the same service is proceeding at the same moment in the two sides of the church. Banners and other signs of the ' views of the clergy are not wanting to complete the evidence that here at least the faithful, as they are somewhat unctuously termed in the journals of the party, may find all that they can desire. Entering the building yesterday, we were soon reminded that it was no ordinary day The crosses and banners were carefully enveloped in white linen, with a diminutive red cross upon each cloth, even the pictures on the pillars, and the east windows of stained glass being draped with the same material, and thus the eye was quickly led to recognize the fact that a season of penitence was being observed. When we took our seat the order for morning prayer was in progress. Only two of the clergy were present with the choir boys, and it has seldom been our lot to listen to anything more dismal than their chanting of the psalms to some of the Gregorian tones, rendered still more hideous by the accompaniments of the organist During the concluding portion of this service the vicar (who wore a crape veil), and not a few members of his flock, entered the church, evidently regarding the first office as one of minor importance which they could attend or not as they pleased, and which was merely subsidiary to the ' great act of worship, or, in plain English, to the Communion Service, which was to follow. After a short interval, two boys vested in surplices, entered the chancel, bearing large dishes of palm, which, they proceeded to distribute among the people, until the majority of the dense congrega- tion were to be seen standing with palms in their hands JA boy, clad in what looked like an all, I then removed a purple cloth from the top of the altar, above which, on the ledge, two out of the row of six candles were lighted. A stream of surpliced boys was now seen ascending . the stairs to the foodless or gallery, where, they remained during the processional hymn, and then returned to their seats below, the object of their visit not having been very clearly de- prostrated. Before, however,' the proces ¡ sion moved from the chancel 'on' ( its way round the church the officiating clergy- took their places before the altar, and gave the incense to the boys, who bore it down the aisles, the choristers meanwhile singing a hymn, with the aid of a per former on a brass instrument, who played the | melody with great taste, and precision. The choristers being seated, the clergy returned to the vestry, from which they shortly after emerged once more, 58 time headed by boys carrying two immense candles or gospel lights, the celebrant being duly vested in purple and crimson, and his attendants in albs with girdles. By way of in- front, Milman's hymn, "Ride on, ride on in majesty!' was sung, the vicar meanwhile in direct opposition to the last judgment-incensing the altar, his garment being carefully held up by an attendant. The service then commenced, the priest and his assisting ministers standing on the south side of the altar behind each other facing eastwards, the rest of the clergy and choir standing in the same position and the congregation kneeling. During the recital of the commandments two boys fetched the cruets from the vestry, while a priest brought from the same place the book for the reading of the Gospel and Epistle. This latter fact is usually simple enough, but at St. Paul's it was performed with the utmost ceremony. Instead of adopting the ordinary method, the epistoller walked from the altar to the lower portion of the chancel, where he read from the book which was raised by a boy and supported on his forehead. For the Gospel the book just held by a chorister Was now held by the deacon who had read the Epistle, the gospels being supported on either side by two other clergymen, while, to complete the group, the candle-holders elevated their candlesticks, and two boys carrying large branches of palm fell in by their side. In this position the Gospel was commenced, the reader, or rather the singer, of the narrative reciting in monotone, with an occasional inflection of a minor third ; the part of Pontius Pilate being taken by a clergyman who sang at an interval of' a fourth above, while the words of the Saviour were said a minor third below the reciter of the narrative by a third clergyman. The narrative of the Gospel was interrupted at the words ' yielded up the ghost,' which conclude the account of the crucifixion, when the congregation knelt for about two minutes, after which the reader concluded. A similar proceeding was adopted at the mention of the Incarnation in the ' Nicene Creed, when again all the people knelt. During the offertory the celebrant once more incensed people and things, the other clergy and the choir, and afterwards the people generally, bowing their heads as the fumes from the boats were gracefully swung towards them by a small boy. The celebration of the communion then proceeded, the singing of the ' Sanctus ' being ushered in by the jingling of some hand-bells, an imitation of the -Roman ' use,' which was followed at the consecration of the elements, when a deep-toned bell was also rung at the other end of the church. At this latter point in the service the prostration of certain ladies in a prominent position in the middle aisle was little short of ludicrous. The service was then closed in the usual manner. Of the sermon little need be said. It was from the preacher's point of view, thoroughly appropriate, the symbolism of the palm entering largely into his remarks. It is but just to observe that the service seemed to give complete satisfaction to the people, the majority of whom bore the appearance of being the actual residents in the district." ' French NÁroMox.-The following address, by Prince Napoleon to his constituents in Corsica, has been published in the Liberty :-" April 3, 1873 - The law obliges me to sit in the Council General; force prevents me from so doing. I should nevertheless attempt to proceed to France if I were not to find there fresh violence of an arbitrary power, as it Thiers is above the law. The self- styled Republicans, misinterpreting their principles, have determined that everything might be permitted against a Bonaparte. In spite of the justice of my cause, lo) ally defended by the Reporter of the Committee, a feeble majority has declared that right 13 overruled by force. Thus, therefore, it has been decided that a French citizen, who is neither the' Chief of a Dynasty nor a Pretender, who only _ claims his rights as a simple citizen, recognized on two occasions by the mandate which you confided to me, can be arrested, proscribed, and rendered unable to find protection either before the tribunals of the representatives of the nation. Such are the new pi in- curies now opposed to those of 1789 by the Government which seized on France in 1870 ! You can now judge the condition of these men who committed the outrage of September 4, in presence of the enemy Their object, they said, was the emancipation of the people and liberty ; but the population was never more oppressed, poorer, more unhappy, or more persecuted than under their reign ! As to liberty, who would dare to say that it exists in France? Not only are forty-three Departments under martial law, but the whole country is delivered up to the caprices of arbitrary rule ! M. Thiers, by proceeding against me, has justified in the eyes of history and ox Europe the measures adopted against him in 1851, and the duration of which I contributed to abridge. In the name of justice, I have constantly opposed all prescriptions, and that is why I have a right to stigmatize the one which affects me. Let not these facts discourage you. Weare pro- scribed because we are feared. What is the secret, of our strength ? It is that the Napoleons twice saved the country, and preserved the revolution in imposing upon it social guarantees, without which every State falls into dissolution, and that on two occasions the suffrages of France approved their acts! We are feared because, apart from the Napoleons, there are but two minorities, one of them wants order without democracy, and the other democracy without order. And so, whatever may be done, the name of Napoleon will never be eradicated from the heart of the people ! Courage, then ! Let not this new' trial weaken either our hope of our faith ! In this unequal contest, wherein I am calumniated, outraged, and persecuted, you will support me ; you will put an end to my exile. I appeal to universal suffrage to recover my right and condemn my persecutors.-N_i'o_fon (Jerome)." Tub Census on 1871 The two volumes of Census Returns now issued comprise together about 1100 pages. Volume I gives the returns classed by what are sometimes termed " countries proper "that is to say, the countries popularly known as such, with their several hundreds, parishes, townships, and hamlets, and showing also the population of the towns. Volume II. classes the returns by the modern division into registration of union counties, being the administrative division of the country in use for the registration of births, deaths, and marriages, and for poor-law purposes; making 11 great, divisions" of the kingdom, each having its districts, each district its sub-districts, and the counties consisting of groups of districts, which are generally co- extensive with the poor-law unions. The volumes are prefaced with very useful summary tables, supply- ing such information as the following Dividing the area of the United Kingdom into 100 parts, 41-8 are in England, 6-1 in Wales, 25-0 in Scotland, 20-8, in Ireland, and 0.27 in the Isle of Man, and the Channel Islands. of every 100 of the population of the United Kingdom, 68 0 are in England, 36 in Wales, 10-6 in Scotland, 1791 in Ireland, 0-5 in the islands. In the ten years 1861-71 the population of England increased at the rate of 13-40 per cent. ; i of Wales 9-48 per cent. ; of Scotland, 9 72 , per cent. ; the Isle of Man, 100 per cent. ; Jersey, 1.82 per cent. Ireland shows a decrease of 6.5 per cent, and Guernsey and adjacent islands a decrease of 396 per cent. "The net result for the United Kingdom is an increase of 8.8 per cent., and an actual population in 1871 of 31,628,338 namely, in England 21,495,131, in Wales 1,217,135, in Scotland 8,360,018, in Ireland (revision not quite completed), 6,411,416, in the Isles Man 54,042, in Jersey 56 627, in Guernsey, c, 33,969. This is exclusive of the army, navy, and merchant seamen abroad-about 220,000 in all. The third volume of the Census Returns for England', which is not yet completed, will classify the population of ages, conjugal condition, occupations, and birthplace. A. Discovery near Cape Home-The captain to the British, barque Cedric, of Liverpool, which has recently arrived at Valparaiso, reports to the authorities of that port that he found a splendid bay, with safe anchorage, in the Island of Wollaston, situate in latitude 55.32 S" and longitude 67-36 W" in the Hermit group of islands, south of Terra del Fuego, 29 miles distant from Cape Horn and protected from all winds and storms. The Cedric was anchored fourteen days' in this fine bay taking in wood and water. The vegetation all around is described as magnificent. The Indians were found to be docile, and they use canoes, of bark covered with the hide of the Session. The captain of the Cedric says the harbour is superior even to that of the Falkland Islands. The, Chilian Government, in consequence of the above information "Was about to send orders to Captain'Simpson,'who commends at present a Chilian Coast Surveying Expedition in Patagonia, to proceed to and examine into the claims of this Wand of Wollaston. " Tbb Eahtm not a Giobb."-The above is the title of a pamphlet by " Parallax," lately published in London, of which the following notice appears in the Mail- The author of this work institutes an experimental inquiry into what he conceives to be the true figure of the earth, with the object of proving it to he a plane without orbital or axial motion. In the course of his reasoning he gives to the " only known material world its true position in the universe, deals with its comparatively recent formation, its present chemical condition and approaching destruction by fire. In proof of his theory that the earth is a perfectly even surface, he says a boat with a flagstaff, the top of the flag five feet above the surface of the water, was directed to sail from a place called Weiche's Dare (a well-known ferry passage to another called Welney Bridge. These two points are six statute miles apart. The author, with a good telescope, went into the water, and with the eye about eight inches above the surface, observed the receding boat during the whole period required to sail to Welney Bridge. The flag and the boat were distinctly visible throughout the whole distance ! (The italics are the author's.) The conclusion he draws from this trial is " that the surface of the water for the length of six miles did not to any appreciable extent decline or private downwards from the line of sight. But if the earth were a globe the surface of the six miles in question would have been six feet higher in the centre than at the two extremities , This may have been so, and yet the experiment would hardly prove the author's case. Take another illustration which came under our own observation Not very long ago we were in mid-ocean on board a tight little ship, the deck of which was some 10 feet from the water on which she was sailing. "Looking out upon the ocean, we sighted a black speck, of larger than a man's hat, upon the edge of the horizon. Gradually the black speck assumed larger proportions, and we could see that it was shooting down upon us as it were from out of the misty vapour which fringed the point where sea ends and sky begins. In four hours what we have likened to a man's, hat, developed itself into the tall spars and sails of a dipper full-rigged ship, and before another four hours had passed her hull, spars, sails, all complete, stood out in bold relief upon the ocean. She was a fast sailer, and had got the wind with her, and ultimately she Hew past us " with her woven wings like a thing of life." Again, if the author's theory be correct, an observer with a telescope of some considerable power might discern the Southern Cross from the Greenwich Observatory, and we should have to seek another basis' for the science of navigation. We have not space to enter into an analytical review of the author's views ; but as he advances them with much earnestness, the student and the meta- physician will doubtless meet with much that is suggestive in the work under notice. A new Marine Enough has been constructed under a patent taken out by Mr. Perkins, and an experimental trial was made in the presence of the Duke of Edinburgh, the Chief Engineer of the Admiralty, and other well-known gentlemen. The important features of the invention consist in the increased safety due to the improved construction of the boilers, and in the large saving in the consumption of fuel consequent on the great expansion by using steam at very high pressure namely, from 260 lbs. to 4300 lbs. to the square inches compared with that usually adopted. There is at the same time, greater security under this system, as the boiler is safe under a pressure of 3000 lb., and works up to only 150th of its bursting pressure. There is a total absence of escape of steam, and lubricating by oil is dispensed with. Another important feature is the small quantity of water required to supply the waste, owing to the way in which the joints are constructed, these being always tight under the greatest pressure. At the conclusion of the experiments, general satisfaction with the results was expressed by the Prince and those present, and the only question regarding which doubt was expressed was the utility of the invention for long sea voyages, as fresh water only is used in the boilers, distilled salt water even having been found to produce an injurious effect on the machinery. This is a question, however, which yet remains to be practically put to the test. Tub Prospect in India It may be noted as an auspicious circumstance that our Indian contemporaries give reviews of the year 1872 and forecasts of the present year without any misgiving whatever. The uneasiness and discontent, of which we heard so much in the early part of last year, have evidently entirely disappeared. Lord Northbrook has inspired just that amount of confidence which makes the most eager for reform patient. It is not even hinted that the discontent which has existed may show itself again if this or that change be not effected ; but it is taken for granted that the Viceroy intends to do what is expected of him There is peace throughout India ; the alarm about Russia has in no way disturbed the Indian community. There are indications of a revival in trade. The Lieutenant-Governor's able defence of his administration in Bengal has softened the objections of those who were most disconcerted, while the old year closes with a conference of Christian missionaries of Allahabad, which is generally viewed as a hopeful sign of the times. Altogether, the new men in high places in India are men of promise, and it is affirmed that a new spirit broods over the empire-one of watchfulness over its resources and generous interest in its real welfare. If this be the actual spirit of the day in India, and not merely a pretty fiction, the new men will have comparatively easy duties.-flometobrd Mail. i Will- Cónchete.-For some years past the attention of engineers and architects has been given to the construction of houses, wharfs, and other works in concrete, and among those who have laboured to extend this method of building, and to improve i its details, is Mr. Philip Brannon, who has succeeded in producing a combination of metal and cement which has been tested with satisfactory results. This system of wire concrete-as it may be termed-con- sister of a sustaining metallic framework or skeleton, upon which wires are strained, the whole being enclosed in the concreted materials forming the body of the structure. By this arrangement not only are the walls and floors of a building run-up in concrete, but the doors, shelves, and other fittings are formed of the same materials Thus they strains in a building are equally distributed, and it is rendered fireproof throughout, wood and other com- bustible materials being dispensed with. In order to obtain the utmost amount of cohesion throughout the mass, and to prevent cracking especially where employed in doors or thin' partitions-a certain proportion of fibrous material is worked up in the' concrete. This system has been carried out in a house at Edmonton, which was built by Mr. Brannon, and to which the test of fire has been applied on two occasions, without producing any detrimental effect upon either the careERS or fittings. Moreover, furniture was left in some of the rooms, and persons remained there while a brisk conflagration was going on in the lower apart- ments. The wire concrete system is also applicable to sea walls, pier work, &c.; Another adaptation of the principle is for breakwaters. In this case bogs of woven wire are used being lined with concrete, and filled with sand. They are placed in position before the concrete has perfectly set, and are well rammed down and concreted! together. By this method it is proposed to convert the Yarmouth and Lowestoft banks into breakwaters, so as to form harbours of refuge. Hot Sand Baths therapeutics of London thinks he has discovered an infallible cure for rheumatism, namely, the administration of hot sand baths. He claims that the advantage of this mode of treatment consists, especially, in the fact that it does not suppress perspiration like the hot-water bath, but rather increases it and another advantage it possesses is that it does not interfere with the respiration of the patient, as does the steam bath or Turkish bath. It is asserted that the body can endure the influence of such a bath for a much longer time, and a much higher temperature can also be applied, It can be used for infants, and permits of easy application to a part or to the whole body. If this remedy shall prove efficacious, for so serious an ailment, it will indeed be a boon to a large class of sufferers. A, Family Suffocated -Samuel Bowes of Boase, foundry, labourer, thirty-five years of, age,,his'wifi-, one son eight years of age, and one daughter three years of age, have been found lying dead in bed! in their house in Dundee. Gas had once been in the house, but the supply had been out off for some time and it is supposed there had been an escape from a pipe in the house, which had suffocated the inmates. When the door was, burst open there was a strong smell of gas, and no appearance of any foul play on any of the four persons. Contempt of' Cooper-On March 20, Judge Lawson, on taking his seat in the Crown Court at county Antrim Assizes, at Belfast, called on. Mr: Mac Alister. . the registered proprietor of the Vhter Examiner and Northern Star. His Lordship then proceeded to pass judgment with regard to the contempt of Court committed by the publication in that journal of two articles in reference to the sentencepMsed on a couple of Roman Catholic rioters. He ordered Mr. MacAlewe t 'to pay a fine of £260, and be imprisoned four months. An entranced woman died at Dundee the other day. It in believed that her disease who the result of the I "inhalation of gas, a large quantity of which had leaked on the pipes in the house. * Mr. BrunoEoN'B American Owen. It appears from a statement made by the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, at the Metropolitan Tabernacle, that he has had a tempting offer to pay a visit to America. The following is his version of the matter --" I will just tell you one little thing which happened to me this afternoon. I had a letter from a gentleman well known in America, giving me this offer 25,000 dollars for 25 lectures-that is, £200 for each lecture. On these terms the 25 nights would give me £5000, and in a hundred nights I should have £20,000. Besides this I should be allowed to lecture for as many more nights as If chose, so that I might? in the course of a year, be worth £40,000, and no doubt the persons who undertake this would earn ten times the amount. I have nothing to do but leave you for a year and come home with £20,000 or £40,000, while if I stay here I shall have nothing like that. What do you suppose was my answer to this offer ? I wrote, ' If you were to multiply that offer by one hundred times, and again a hundred times, when I say that I cannot cross the ocean to lecture I should feel it as easy to decline as I do now upon any subject whatever. I am a minister of the Gospel, and never lectured for money, and do not intend to do so now and if my people cannot sup port me, it is a pity. Some people would say, ' Why not go over to America, and get the money to build the college ? ' I shall not do so, because I would not do one thing to degrade myself nor disgrace you I shall not make any appeal to another country to do what you can and ought to do. There are two brothers here to-night who have received offers from America, Each man can lecture as well as preach, and there is no harm in their having £600 and a month's holiday. If I were in their position I should do the same thing ; but as I am, I can- not leave you. I cannot leave the College nor the Orphanage- not if my house were filled with silver and gold from top to bottom. There are two things which I should feel if I went to America. The first is that I should go, not to preach the gospel, but to lecture; and I cannot do that-not for the national, debt." Tub PnorosED New Route to India -The military correspondent of the Eastern Budget at Vienna writes: -The Russian press discusses very unfavourably the plan of a Euphrates Valley railway, which it endeavours to prove would have neither the corner mercial nor the political advantages that people in England ascribe to it. In a long dissertation on the subject Colonel Stanitzky argues that the construction of such a line would almost be impossible, owing partly to the enormous engineering difficulties which would have to be encountered in cutting through the Cilician plateau and the mountains south of it, so as to reach the low plains of Mesopotamia, to the murderous climate in the Euphrates valley, and to the tribes of Arab robbers by which it is infested. The colonel seems to be ignorant of the fact that an eminent German engineer, Herr Presse!, who is now in the Turkish service, has already drawn up a plan for the most difficult part of the work, and that he does not consider the obstacles to be so formidable as to endanger the commercial prosperity of the line. The same writer criticises with perhaps more reason the project of Messrs. J Andrew and Herbert for a line proceeding through the Euphrates Valley from Alexandretta (instead of from Scutari, according to the original proposal) This, he says, would be merely a half measure, and would have the disadvantage of necessitating a double transfer of goods from the ships in which they would have at first to be conveyed to the railway, and \- thence again to ships, The other English proposals for a communication with India-one by the valley of the Tigris, and the other by Erzeroum and Teheran the colonel dismisses as impracticable. He think that the only really advantageous mode of establish- ing such a communication would be by a line passing through Russia. It would start from the Caucasian fortress of Vladikaukaz, thence proceed to Petrovsk, and skirting the western coast of the Caspian reach Baku. From Baku it would pass by Astara and Resht (in Persia) to Teheran. «Vladikaukaz will in two years' time become the terminus of the South Russian railways, and there is no doubt that a line thence to Teheran would be most advantageous from an engineering point of view. It is very remarkable, however, that although many railways of great commercial importance are still totally wanting in European Russia, the attention of the general. 6 last' at St. Petersburg should be so persistently directed to the establishment of railway communication between the empire and Teheran, and that the project of a railway to that place from Vladikaukaz should be so ~ warmly advocated and discussed in the Russian, press. The western shores of the Caucasus are very thinly populated, and the proposed railway could not, therefore, have any commercial interest for Russia for a great many years to come. Willow Leaf Tea From information furnished by the British Consul at Shanghai, it appears that the Celestials practise adulteration as glaringly as the classes in England against whose practices recent legislation has been directed. Mr. Midhurst says : " The preparation of the willow leaf for mixture with tea is openly practised in the villages on the Hong Kew side of the Soochow Creek, and it has become an industry which claims an important share of the attention of the villages of that and other localities. The banks of the numerous creeks are planted with willow trees, the young leaves of which are collected in April and May, very much in the way that the tea leaf is gathered. The produce is then collected in heaps on the hard threshing floors of the hamlets, and is allowed to undergo a mild fermentation in the sun. The leaves are then manipulated, similarly to those of the ordinary tea plant. They are sorted into kinds, according to sizes, and afterwards roasted in common tea ovens. The appearance of the stuff after this treatment is not unlike that of the genuine article, and it is carried to Shanghai, and' there intermixed with pure tea, at a ratio of from 10 to 20 per cent. The cultivation and preparation of willow leaves were begun in Shanghai' about ten years ago, and have increased year by year. The poorer classes near Shanghai have for a long period consumed this leaf as an infusion-! place of tea, the latter being too expensive for them to purchase." Stock Exchange " NicKNAMK8."-r-Long names are inconvenient in Stock Exchange dealings, and simi- larities in names are confusing. , Securities with long names are consequently generally spoken of by some abbreviation or "nickname," and where two or more stocks have names with only Some small difference between them, some feature or association in one of them often supplies a name by which they become known. The "nicknames" given in some instances are not a little ingenious. For example, Turkish 6, perCent, of 1866 are known as,"Muttons," the loan being secured in port on the sheep-tax ; Turkish Bonds of 1869 are known as " Cohens," having been brought out by the firm of that name; and for a similar reason, French 6 per cents, are known as " Morgan." In several cases railway stocks are known by the name of some place on their respective lines, as " Dover " for South Eastern, " Yorks " for Great Northern, " Leeds " for Lancashire and York- shire," "Berwick 'for North Eastern, and " Brama" of " Birmingham 'Jet London and North Western United States Five twenty Bonds were commonly called " Greens," from the fact of the first issue of these bonds, now paid off, being coloured green. English and Australian Copper Shares go by the name of " Smells," and British-Indian Extension Telegraph shares are called singapore." The latest additions to these nicknames as that of Dogs," which has been given to Newfoundland Telegraph shares. , 6 l Stuttgart, the capital of Wurtemberg, of all places in the world, has been in tumult. It is a place where the cruel and cruel-making medieval traditions against the Jews have still great vitality, and during the last week in March a riot broke out, of which the occasion was a dispute between a soldier and a Jew clothes man as to whether the price of some trousers purchased by the Jew were stated in florins (4s. 8d. each) or in dollars (3s. each). The police interfered on behalf of the Jew, the populace on behalf of the soldiers, and a riot ensued, which was repeated several nights in succession, and latterly took the form of wrecking shops, in fact, of mere pillage. At last General Von Stulpnagel took the matter authoritatively in hand, and virtually quelled the series of riots by walking Once, alone, across the market-place with an observant eye fixed on all the roughs. The roughs knew what was meant, and not even " a whiff of grapeshot " was required.. The Prussian is a splendid drill- sergeant. A noimiunNOjdiscovèry has been made in the coffin ' or a pauper at Bethnal Green Workhouse. The woman had died in the London Hospital, and her body "was brought back by the contractor to the workhouse for interment. One of the officers, a Mr. Burrowes, thinking, is of an unusual size, opened it, and found five bodies instead of one., A dead child lay on each of the woman's arms, and two more were squeezed in other feet. The contractor, Burridge, of Bethnal Green Road, stated at the coroner's inquest that one body came from Guy's Hospital, and the others from Mill- bank Prison. He acknowledged having kept them in his private mortuary for periods ranging from a fortnight U> nearly six weeks. The inquest has been adjourned to obtain an analysis of the stomach of one of the children, in which suspicions indications were observed. 