OUR CONTINENTAL LETTER. PARIS, October 4. " Incapable but honest," was the goneral opinion entertained. of Comto do Ohambord until a fow days ago, but since ho has writton a letter to a partizan unknown to fame, posterity is requested to note that the second adjective is withdrawn. It is only another proof of the counsel — "put not your faith in Princes." It is said that men are only consistent when in opposition ; now the Comte de Chambord having sworn as many oaths as a dicer or a lover that he would never abandon his white flog — it boing rank blasphomy for tho people to nail theirs, the tricolour, to the mnst — or tho making of tho Pope, temporally, first flower of the earth and first gem of the sea, and crushing St. Michael and Satan, now hints all these views ore pure inventions of tho enemy. Like M. Jourdain and speaking prose, the Count has been a liberal all his life without knowing it. This result of the " fusion " was not expected. If Henri V. really intends to "pose" for the throne that it seems Providence specially created for him, ho must speak to the people neither in parables nor in platitudes. He must put down his liberalism on paper — which will likely re present its value at the same time — sign, seal, and " swear " to it. The ghosts of Charles X. and Napoleon III. might come up for the occasion to encourage him to "swear." When Theodore Hook was sked to sign tho Thirty -nine Articles he replied, " with pleasure, one hundred and thirty-nine if you wish." It is not in that spirit the finest peasantry under the sun would liko to boo Harry tho Fifth endorse tho points of their chartor. No matter what he may recant, or tho «« dispensations " ho may receive, the Comte de Chambord may beco'mo king owing to tbo "ac cident of an accident," but ho will never bo tho coriicr-stono of tbo nation, but a target for a fow years for pnpor pellets. and tho whips and scorns of timo. May ho bo doliverod from being an other kind of targot, liko his donrly beloved cousin, Louis Philippo, whoso lifo was attomptod onco a your, owing, perhaps, to his habit of carrying n Sally Gamp umbrella, which mado him so r&markublo; und fuinous. Tho nioro tho country dosiros to possoss a com mon sonso Republic, tho stronger becomos tho determination of tho chunco majority in tho Chamber to bostow upon it a monarchy. Tho people certainly do not want th?kind of great ness thrust upon it, but thoir sovereign Assem bly is iiko woman — " if sbo will do'tj sho .will ; and thoro's nnondon't." Besides, tbo Royalists aro not at all fools— qnito another appellation ac cording to thoir oppononts — nnd would not drag their King through tlio mud, if thoy did not bo- liovo ho would emorgo "a thing of boauty and a joy for over,". It is not thought that tho Radicnls aro nil inch noaror powor, sinco they hnvo solectud tho "Eod"Princo Nupoloon for chiof. This allinnco is ono of tho latest additions to ' tho swoot aspect of princos." Thomoderato Republicans find, liko tho Egyptians of old, that thoir strongtk for tho momont lios in sitting still. Tho last snbjoct patriots think about is the certain hard wintor staring both citizens nnd rurals in the face. It is a mistako to calculate upon privnto charity to roliovo a coming misery of vast proportions. Tho Stato has had to sus pend public works — fortifications and tho manu facture ol big guns oxcepted — 011 tho ground of economy, nnd the pooplo have made all tho bono- Bcrnping retrenchments possible. The Froncb, bonr in mind, are tho only nation who have suc- coodod in making an appetising dish out of dis solved bonos — asscine. May tho bones evon be forthcoming, as there aro ugly rumours that tho tax-gnthoi'or will lay on his stripes with a hoavy hand, 110 mnttor what form of government, or possibly nono at all, may bo ostnblished. We havo desired to rid ourselves of tbo invudor and must pay for tho whistle that charmed him away. Tho " Five Milliards Polka" is vory much in vogue, for thirty-six millions of people can dance to it, but it sends a shiver through ono, creates a sensation liko what a person in consumption must feci when his houlth has boon toasted. Yes, tho hardships of the ensuing wintor promise to be exceptionally sovore; tho misery cannot be so successfully disposed of as the cholera, and tho purse of Sir Richard Wallace does not, after all, equal that of Fortunatus, for no foreignor — Prussians exceptod — is ovor prevented from bo- stowing donations and practising good works. Tbo Jews bavo just celebrated the Kippour, or Fast of Atonement, which requires a fasting nnd praying for twonty-four hours, as well as a cassation from all wordly callings. Woudor wknt would bo tbo offoct if politicians woro to try tho effects of a lCippour? more especially in tho caso of tho writer of tho latost pamphlet, who profoundly observes in tho opening passage " that it is necessary to croato a now world, as that which is ancient is dead, and that which is now-born will immediately die." To their credit bo it said, tho Jews abstain as a body from political agitations; somo of tho ablest writers in tho Paris journals nro Jows, Qnd mombors of that porsuasion occupy most important official positions. Whilo the teeth of their co-religionists continue to bo drawn— not on the painless ex trication system— in Roumania, here in Paris tbo Jows can find a temporary Promised Land, be cause Franco is perhaps rich in tho production of all that is tomporary. Sufferance, howovor, is tho budgoof all thoir tribe, as boing very wealthy, every Christian charity appeals to them, and with succoss, for assistance. They aro particu larly distinguished for the great attention thoy devote to all thoir religions duties. The Jewish colony is divided into some ten or twelve sections; or tribo3 ; when a member dios, overy survivor is said to contribute tho thousandth, or less, quota of the funoral oxpensos. If declined, the amount is carriod to a general relief fund. In some hours Bnzaine will bo placod on his trial, which may last for six or twelve woeks. His own story is now published in a popular form, which is strange, as many consider his book tho most damning piece of ovidence against him. The journals abound in plans of battle fields and maps of Motz, and tho curpet-Moltkes demonstrate, in qnito an .off-hand wny, that if the Marshal had done this, and avoidod that, we would havo had tho French army now quartorod in Berlin. Likely the two fair equestriennes, whose evidonco piquos curiosity so much, will also condemn tho prisoner's strntegotic skill. It is rather to much too oxpoct that in the tromondous struggle among tho newspapers, home and foreign, to report the trial, tho sensa tional pross of Paris will not hold its own. Any moment after the indictment has been road, the announcement that tho accused has been found guilty may be oxpectod. One can never forgot " the harrowing dotails," obtained at an "im mense expense," supplied by a journal of Emperor Maximilian's execution at Quoretaro, a month bofore it took place. In all the changes and obancos in the French character, politics apart, no one can ever upbraid tho working of tbo tribunals in thoir dispensation of justice. Tho trial may be tedious or short, direct or minute, but it will bo exhaustive, and the judg ment delivered sound. He hoapeth riches and knoweth not who shall gather thorn, may bo well applied to the late Dr. Nelaton, who left bis immense wealth to bis son, nnd the latter is about supplying what his father omittod — pray remember the poor; for it is rathor a good fashion to do so, and deservos to bo encouraged, espocially on tho part of men like Nelaton, who nobly rose from indigence to honours and wealth. Young Nelaton con templates erecting and endowing an hospital for incurables. Strange dedication to a distinguished man, who was famous for curing everybody but himself. In any case some journals rocoramend that the building be rapidly pushed forward and tho pretondors of all sorts admittod for life. Pooplo inquire what has Rochofort done with ail his fortune, for in the latter months of his comet- like career ho was ronpinggoldon harvests. In the late sale of his household furniture, all it brought was somo 3000 frs., and the executor of his ostato avows that is all tho moans of support left for his children. It is then 3000 frs. more than possess tho children of those duped Com munists whom Rochofort pushod to their natural termination. It is a common saying among the work- peoplo, that no matter whether the revolu tions chey take part in bo successful or other wise, all they roceivo in oither case is tho blows. Perhaps tho richest and most lucky man in France is tho Due d'Aumale, yet he is not at all popular, his ambition is to be " socond " in Gaul. His wealth will go to the Comte do Paris in the natural course of things, who is not a millionnaire. It has thorofore been a fortunate occasion for the count to bo re-instated in the family caBtle of Amboise, famous in history for tho triumDh of the Guises over the " dumb captain," the frinco of Condc, and where docupitationa and hangings continued for a month before the castle, and where the young Kingj- his- brothers, their at tendants, and tho ladies of the court, wore daily spectators. A short time ago the Comte and Comtosse do Paris visited this property after its being restored to them, in a vory quiet manner, and alone. ' Not being known, the house-porter, like all such Oorberuses in France, was rnde ; the count throw open the window of tho dining- room to admire the landscape, and was ordered not to do so by tho porter ; the two visitors in spected other portions of tho building, and on doparting, passed through tho dining-room, when the portor brutally called upon the count to close tho window. Tho latter replied coldly, "I shall do so when I come to inhabit the castle in a few woeks," Tho porter woe dismissed for his insolont bearing ; and such is tho history of tho noiso made about tho " poor concierge having boon sont adrift," &c.; We have had another suicido with tho rovolvor by an oflicor, who was disgustod with lifo nftor squandering a fortune to produco that fooling. Tho host way of stopping this mania, now so much tho mode, is for tho Pross to puss ovor in silonco theatrical descriptions of tho ovonts. More interesting is tho account of a poor man who lost his aficctionuto wife, and by an Ovidiau motamorphosis boliovod himsolf changod into a wooping willow, llo wont about tho stroots with a flower-pot 011 his head announcing his trans formation. 'Tis a mad world, my masters. Music is said to bo tbo most domocratic of arts, konco, why first and second fiddles, fluto- ployors, and poiTormors on wind instruments in general assomblo in a cortain by-stroot, liko laundry maids, wool-cardors, and bakers, to bo hirod by the night, or day, or both. Tho owner of a wine shop registers tho offers and domunds. A fuir fiddler can bo iuducod to rosin his bow for an ovoning for throo francs, but a rising Pugn- nini would demand fifteen. Among tho minor nfilictions which Franco ox- poriencos is that of hor children of both soxos having now to return to school uftor thoir long vacation. I do not know how tho girls aro up- poasod,_but tho boys soom to fret in proportion to tho tips thoy rocoivo. A fivo-franc piece lias lost its power to assuago this griof. Tho studonts havo no reason to rest and bo thankful towards tbo present Govornmont, which contomplutes abolishing all tho healthy scholastic reforms, in troduced and contomplated by tho Ministry of Thiers, for diminishing tho hours of study, in creasing those for rocroation, improving tho daily bread, and multiplying recompenses. It is said youth commences in boing Radical ; how conld uny parson oxpoot young Franco to givo tho faintest viva for Ilonry V. wlion ho is nssociatod with tho return to their aneien regime ? Tho practice of roquiriug coliogiuns to skotclx a con stitution for Franco, as tho subject of a prizo- essay, is to bo discontinued. It is found tho practice remains with thorn through life, and in addition, tho Record Otlico is full of drafts of model constitutions. AVo aro to havo, when tho exhibition of vory interesting oriental curiosities closes, a show of all tbo articles connoctod with babydom ; such as cradlos and perambulators, fooding-bottlos and foot- jars, lollypops and toys, squills and night- lights, soothing-syrups and clothing. Litoraturo will not bo nogloctod ; from A B C's, up to Cindorolla, Jack in tho Bonn Stalk, and kindred infantile classics will find a looal habitation. Deputios aro roportcd to bo rehearsing thoir intended speeches for tho forthcoming Assembly, with thoir wives for 011 audionco. It is hintod that not a tow of tho ropresontativos will arrivo in tho Chamber with two or throo discourses to suit circumstances ; as thoughtful patriots acted during tho Reign of Terror. 