TRIAL OP A BAND OF BRIGANDS. (From the European Mail.) I A TRIAL bas been going on at Szegedin, in Hungary, I the_ extraordinary complicated and dramatic history of i which is destined to occupy a conspicuous place amongst i the criminal records of all countries and epochs. The ! individuals involyod may bo counted by hundreds : their crimes and offences by thousands ; and tho first . arrests took iplaco as far back as 1860, The Lloyd of Pesth gives an outlino of tho case under tho title of tho " Procès Sandor"-Sandor hoing tho name of the chief of a band of malefactors whoso depredations and atrocities rendered them the terror of Szegedin and tho surrounding district. It appears that, ever since 1SS0, thc inhabitants of Szegedin had become so terrified in conaequonce of tho during,.'exploits of Sandor's band of brigands ' '. ' that ' - they locked and barred themselves in their houses at dusk, and dared not to venture into tho streets, oven during'tho day without being armed with revolvers and swordsticks. Robberies, incendiary fires, and assassi- nations wore tho order of tho day M. de Eaday was sent as a Royal Commissioner to Szegedin, to put an ' end to this deplorable stato of things. M do Raday soon became convinced that not only Szegedin but the I whale romitat nnd tho surrounding districts were in. ; fested by form'dablo companies of brigands, whoso or ! ganization was completo, and their circle ef action clearly defined. After careful and minuto inquiries the Royal Commissioner found, to his amazement, that a ! number of administrative and judicial func ¡ tionarics were acting as accomp'ico3 of tho various hands of brigands-that even the titled notabilities of tho district acted as re- ceivers of tho stolen property. Crimes have been bronght to light which were perpetrated thirty years ago ; aud an old man of seventy was condemned some shori time'ago for a crimo committed when ho was forty years of ago. Tho novo) and peculiarly " psychologi- cal" system pursued by tho Royal commissioner in order to fiud out tho guilty parties amongst tho hundreds of individuals arrested is worth recording. Tho prisoners wore completely isolnted- from tho rest of tho world j during their confinement, and their eyes were bound in ¡ order to prevent any conversation by signs usually roiortod to by accomplished thieves. " Companions in captivity," totally unknown to them, «ero placed in the same cells, who soon insinuated themselves into tho confidence of tho prisoners, studied their characters, mado themselves acquainted with their secreta, and used all their efforts to I bring about a full confession. With regard : to Sandor, the royal commissioner himself succeeded in getting a full and completo avowal of his crimes by , adopting tactics of a most ingenious kind. Knowing tho prent brigand chief to bo exceedingly vnin of his i reputation, «nd to be in tho habit of looking down upon ¡ hiä less during accomplices ns mere "purloiner« of : chickens," M. de.Kadny ordered Sandor to fall upon ; his kneed boforo his fellow-prisoners-tho smnll-fry of ' tho band-whoso instructions were to roproach their ? chief with being a chicken-stealer like themselves. The I ruse was perfectly snccessful : tho proud Sandor s : "honour" waa mortally wounded, and tho* "brigand king " (u3 ho loved to style himaolf) immediately ; entered into a full confesaion of his long series of crimes . as well as those of his accomplices. Tho oxpedient re I sorted to by tho_ royal commissioner in tho case of another famous brigand, named .TcanBajdor. was this: [ Bnjdor is known to _bo exceedingly superstitious; ho is I charged with having committed two murders, and I insists upon asserting his innocence. One evening, tho : examining magistrate had Bajdor brought into his i cabinet, nnd immediately addressed him ns follows : ! " John Bajdor, I cannot sleep on your account ; the ghost of Peter Bodri, whom you assassinated, appears ¡ beforo mo ovcry night, and threatens to haunt and tor ! meat mo until such timo an I shall havo put the rope with which you strangled your victim round your own ?eek ? On saying this, tho examining magistrate threw a ropo round Bajdor'B neck, and ordered him to bo taken back to priion. At midnight John Bajdor, who had slept soundly, notwithstanding his fifty-nine : crimes, jumped up affrighted and rushed to- wards tho door of his prison, crying for help. This was the moment tho examining magistrate had anxiously awaited ; he mada his way into the cell, when Bajdor confessed not only to having murdered Bodri and his son, but also to having committed a number of other heinous crimes.- In consequence of theso disclosures the two bodies of his victims, with the ropes still round their necks, were discovered. Acting on Bajdor's advice, a number of other prisoners have made free confession of the crimes they had committed ; all the malefactors arrested, it must not he forgotten, are kept in the utmost ignorance as to th* charges which weigh against them. On their first examination they wero nat questioned as to the perpetration of Buch or such a crime ; ' they . were . simply asked to give an . account of any offence, of which they ':? might acknowledge themselves guilty. By this moans a numbor of crimes havo. .been brought to light hitherto totally unsuspected. An idea of how'desirable a place Szegedin must have, been to live in may be formed from tho following-enumeration of . the eases .which, aro now being tried before a: specially appointed court. When the Royal commis- sioner first arrived at Szegedin there were 1506 criminal charges to.be heard; a littlo later 500 moro.charges were made ; and when the Royal commission had termi- nated its duties 950 frosh, cases wero bronght to light, making in all nearly 3800 crimes of tho gravest char- acter. Of this total 1000 judgments havo already been given, and nearly all these judgments have been con- firmed on appeal.- The crimes and offences discovered by tho Royal commission amount to 8000. The prin- cipal chnrges aro those of murder, robbery, pillage, in- cendiarism, A.c., tho casos of robbery alono exceeding 4000\. . '-.' ?? ? -. ? : 