U.TERAJRY NOTICES. No classic poet has had his works so frequently translated i»to English as the tender, plaintive and elegant author of the Bucolics and th< iEueid. So numerous are English translation! aof the latter poem that we venture to say thal the JEaeid is almost aa familiar to mere Euglisl 'scholars ai are the plays of Shakespeare, or any of the British Classics. We have translation; of the -¿Eaoid both in prose and in poetry, anc in all styles in both, namely, in prose both fre< and literal, and in poetry both ia blank vers< and in heroic rhyme. In fact, the translation! of the poem which have been published ar« very numerous, but, probably, are greatly exceeded in number by those which wisely oi wrongly, are allowed to remain in manuscript for the majority of Latin scholars translate thc -¿Eaeid as part of their college curriculum, ano generally retain the manuscript as a relic. Ii fact, we may say that the Mantuan Bard hat been almost Anglicised, and, therefore, we may presume that most readers of English litera turo are acquainted with the distinguishinp features of his works. Mr. Christopher Pearse Cranell, who is ai American poet, and also a scholar of averagi merit, has done the -¿Eneid into blank verse and his work has been published recently thus adding another to the long list of previoui t translations of Virgil's great work. Mr O ranch is a poet, andnas earned some fame bj his previous writings, and this fame will b< rather increased than diminished by the trans lation under notice. The poetry of it is mostb smooth, sometimes plaintive and elegant, of tel fiery and animated, and always sufficiently nea: the original to give an English reader a clea idea of the Roman poet's meaning, and yel not sufficiently literal to serve as a crib to laz; students. A quotation will show this_ mort forcibly than we can do by merely asserting it The passage in the first book, describing th Royal Banquet given to .¿Eneas and his band, i well known, and, therefore, we shall quote Mr Cranch's translation, but first we shall give fron Owgan's translation, an almost literal versioi of the commencement of the passage, whicl will serve our readers as a standard of com pavisoa for the merits of Mr. Cranch's version Mi: Owgan translates : Thea father JR.icis ami the Trojan youth assemble, an gnests reoiine on crimson coverlets. Attendants supply wate tor the hands, and dispense the bread on salvers, and lay nap kins with the fringes oilpped. Fifty maidens within, wlios service is to sst on tba meats In long array, and llght'th altars of tho Iloino-gods ; a hundred otli-r maids, and s many youths ol et] uni agoto pile tho dishes, and set on tb oups. The Tyrlans also through the festive hall, assemble' nnmerous, bidden to reclino upon embroidered couches. The; »azo astonished on tho presents of iEneas, they gaze upo Iu'us, on lbs glowing features of the god, and well-felgne< accent*, the robe and veil embroidered with yellow acanthus Mose ot all, the hapless Phoenician, doomod to coming ruin cannot site her fancy, and kindles while she looks, and 1 tempted both by the boy and hlsglfts. He, when embracing hong upon ^Eneas' neck, and satisfied tho warm affection c his imagined father, advanced to tho Queen, She, wltb he «yes and her «hole lieut ls fixed upon bim, and sometime folds him to ber bosom- Dido-uuconsolous what dangerou deity was plotting for her misery. But he, heedful ot hi Cyprian mother, begins by slow degrees to efface Byehattu and essays to occupy with living love, lier long-sleeplni passion and unpractised heart. This and the remainder of the passag is thus thrown into blank verse, by Mi Cranch: And now JEaeas, now tho Trojan youths Assemble, and on purple conciles lie. The water for their hands the servant* bring, - Aud bread from baskets, aud around supply Towels wltb nap well shorn. Within are seen Fifty maid-servants, who in long nrray Attend the hearths, and with burnt sacrifico EnUrfo the Inllueiice of the household gods ; A linudred others, too,' of equal age. Who serve tl a dishes; and who fill tho cups. And crowds of Tyrlans also como, and throng The festive rooms, tnvlto'l tn reclino Upon tho embroidered couches. Arneb they admire The gifts ¿Eneas brought;'lulus, too. The glowing beauty ot Hie cod-likn face. And simulated speech ; the cloak, the veil With eafl'roii-hiiod acanthus broldcred round. ¿Jut the Pliotiiclan qii'-on. all dedicate To passion fronght with dining misery, With soul iiieatiato burns, and gaze* long, - Moved by thc boy and bv his «Ifta alike. He, h iving liiin""abaut ¿Hutas' iieuk, Locked in a fond omhroco, and the deep love Of his false (other satisfied, then seeks Thc ijiieca ; tho willi lier eyes and all lier heart Clin^u t-j him. t'ni'lles him upon lier Inp ; NIT knows, unhappy one, how great tho cod Who presses «ii ber breast, lie, mindful of His Acidallan motlier, hy degrees Ileglni to abolish all the memory Of her B.vcurDiit, and with living love Preoccup^the mind lonpr since unmoved, .A'id unaccustomed motions of her heart. When in the frost thtroc-ime a .pauso, the phtes Removed, large howls arc set, the wines are crowned ; The rooms are filled with noise: thu spacious halls Resound with volee». From tho ceilings high O'erlaiil with gold, hang lighted lumpi, und night » Is vanquished by the torches' blaze. .And now The queen domands a bowl heavy with gems And gold, and fills it high with unmiaei wine As Bolus <lld, and his descendants all. Then silence hushed the rooms, while thus the queen : "O Jove-for thou, 'tts said, dost give the laws Of gnests and hoots alike-be ot thy will. That this may be a joyful dav to all, Tyrians and Trojans, In remembrance held By our descendants. Bacchus, giver ot joy, , Ee present; and propitious Juno, smile T And yon, O T.vrhiii», favouring, celebrate The meeting 1" With theso words she poured upon Tho table a libation of tho wi no ; -. And what waa lett touched lightly to her lips. And, with a bantering tono, tn BItlas gave. lie, not timvllllng, drained the foaming bowl. And from tho full gold drenched hlimtlf with wine. Then followed other guests of lordly rank. Long-haired Iojias with his golden lyre Pours out with ringing voice what Atlas taught. Hs sings the wandering moon, ard uf the sun The labouring cell pues ; and of men,' And cattle, and of showers, and lires of beaven j Arcturus, and tho rainy Hyades ; And the two constellations of tho Bears ; And why the Winter suns maUe haste to dip In (vean, and what causes the delay Of slowly moving nights. Tho Tyrlans shoat, Redoubling their applause ; the Trojans join. . Thus did the unhappy queen prolong the night With varied converse, drinking in the while . Long draughts of love i and m noll of Priam asked, . And much of Hector; bow equipped in arms Aurora's son bad como ; bow looked tbs steeds' Of domed ; how large Achilles stood. "Come now, my guest," she said ; "aud from the Drat Relate to ns tho Grecian stratagems. And all thylpeople'a sad mishaps, and all Thy voyages : for now the seventh year : Bears thee still wandering over land and sea." ' Our author is happy in his rendering1 of the passage which describes the effects produced on the enamoured Dido by the departure of the Trojans : So saying, abrnptly she breaks off her apeeoli,. ¿nd sick at heart, files from the light, and shuns Iiis eyes, and leaves bira hesitating much In fear, with many things he wished to say. Her maids receive and bear ber fainting form ' Back to her marble chamber and ber bed. But rood ¿Eneas, though ho much desires. To calm and to console her in her grief With soothing word«, groans bitterly, hi« heart ; Bhnken by love for her; -but non« the less ' X'rcpares tn execute tho god's command. And tn his fleet returns. Tho Trojans now Bend t* their work, and all along tho shore Draw their tall vessels down, till the tarred keels Are floating. Thcu they bring their leafy oars, - : And unwrought timber fresh out from tho woods, .Eager for flight:. y0u might have seen them move, . Hasting from every quarter ; as the ants. When, mindful of tho winter, a great heap , Of corn they plunder, piling lt away. Across th« Heida the long blaok phalanx moves, i And through a narrow pathway in tho grass They bear their spoils : some of them pushing hard. Thrust on tho ponderous grain ; and some drive on The stragglers, and the loiterers chastise : And all tno pathway glows with ferrent toll. What were thy thoughts, O Dido, seeing tlilsf' v What groans wero thine, when from a tower's hick top. Thou rawest tho shores olivo with hustling crowds. And the tvhele sea confused with clamorous cries 1 Accursed power of love, what mortal hearts Dost thou not force to obey thee 1 Once again In foirs tho queen must go, and opeo again ' . Try bim with prayers, and, suppliant, submit Her anger to her love, lest.dylng In vain, She should leave ought untried "Anna," she said, " acest thou how they ate battening on the shore, Crowding frnin all sides 1 Mow their canvas wooes The breeze; the joyful sailors hnng the sterns With garlands. Mince I could foresee this grief, 0 sister, I can boar lt. Yet for mo This ons thing do i for this perfidious man Was lu thy confidence, bis Inmoit thoughts Disclosed to thee ; and thou alone dost know The soil approaches, and the seasons best For touching him. Qo, sister, sneak to bim. This haughty enemy, with suppliant words. 1 took no oath at Aulls, with the Greeks, To ruin tba Trejans: sent no fleet to Troy; - Ker did I desecrate Ancbtses' tomb. Or vex lils ghost. Why does ho turn deaf ears ' ". To all my words 1 Whither now docs he go ? ; To his unhappy lover let him grant ..; , Only this one fast favour,-that he walt , : V Till flight be easy, and the winds propitious. .- - . . l '; Ko* for tho former marriage bond, which h.0 Forswore, do I entreat him now,-nor yet That he forego fair Latlum and bis realm. I only ask a little empty time Of respite md of space, that I may calm This wtld delirium, and may teach my beart. Conquered and crushed, the lesson bow to grieve. For this last boon I bea;, which, granted me, I will pay back, requited by my death," ! Those of onr readers who may feel a wish to enlarge their library, by the addition of ano ther translation of this renowned work, will do .well tb order Mr. Oranch's translation from their bookseller. ; Gerald Massey's " Tale of . "Eternity, and other Poems," aro written for the future, but are adapted to please enlightened, readers in the present. The " Tale of Eternity" embodies a curious conception, which, if the -new psy ! chology.now embraced by thousands of think ers in _ all parts of the world bo true, is j something more than an airy nothing to which j the poet's brain has given a local habitation j and a name. The bard had often noticed tho eerie thoughts that pass through tho mind during the hours' of darkness, and on one occasion he found his dreams of thc possible and the ghostly transformed into realities. Two shapes stood before him, one of which was angelic, and tho other A human face in hideous ecllp"0 ; No lustre in the bair, no Ufa on Ups ; Tho faintest gleam ot a corpse lurid, wan, Showed me the lying likeness of a man I The old soiled lining of soma martial dress : A spirit sorely stained with earthiness. Thi3. darksome shape spoke or seeme d to speak ra words which were understood by the hard: io 1 I am one of those doomed souls who dwell In heaven's vost shadow whl< k the good call Hell. ~La, I am tho gloomy sneak w ho did The deed "f darkness, fancying all was hld : The awful eyes being on rae oil the while. And devils pointing «t mo with their smile. I corry such a hell withtu my breast. That all about me throbs with my unrest, As tho' tho heavens were shaken, or the earth Were overtaken tn the throes of birth ; Doors tremble open, walls disintegrate* ?. :>.-. And through the sense tba soul keeps open gate I With such a pulse of power my pangs awako At midnight, that from sleep they sometimos shake Tout Uatter, with mind's thrilling!, doth so quake. That atoms from their fellow atoms start. As tho' they felt the heave nf some live heart. ? Mr. Massey is a believer in Spiritism, and this fact will account for the philosophy taught in the. following., passage, which the reader is to consider as a continuation of the spirit's speech : Tes, it is true, all true, the thing you dreamed ; Most real ls the lifo that only seemed. Soul's no mero shadow that gross substance throws. Our passions are not pageantry shows, , Sxhaled from Matter like tho cloud from Cape,- ~ . They are the life's own lasting final shape. . This scheme of Illings with all the sights yon see. Are only pictures of the things that be. " , What you call matter is but as the sheath. Shaped even as bubbles are, by spirit "wreath. Tho mountains are but firmer clouds of earth. Still changing ti tho brer th that gavo them-birth. Spirit, aye, shapeth Matter Into view. As muslo wears the Ib.'ms it passes through. , iplrlt ls lord of substance. Matter's solo First cause and forming power and final goal. * The poet here attempts to turn the tables upon Dr. Tyndall, Professor Huxley, and other philosophers of the Materialist school, who contend that spirit is derived from matter. Looking at the question from a neutral stand- point, we feel inclined to regard one hypothe- sis as being as tenable as the other, and both as enormously difficult. The genesis of mind we hold to be perfectly inscrutable. But, to return to our poet. Tho grisly shape relates in glowing and animated verse how he was once a man, had a wife, was tempted by another woman, fell into the snare, and how his compan- ion in wickedness came to him in the pangs of parturition, and encouraged him to kill the fruit of their illicit intimacy. He committed the fatal deed, and afterwards became a con- science-stricken murderer. Finally, he died, and was then doomed by the laws of the spirit world to go through the entire performance of his crime at the same hour ot the night for ever. The description of his companion in wickedness is forcibly drawn. She was a buxom beauty ! lu her way Imperious a.* the TJiune's wife lu the play. A woman wno upnu tho outside smiled, UiirnMied like beetles luwurdly defil-d ; With hair that Jike a thunder cloud, hhick-briglitentng. Caught tho ounlightaiid Hashed it back in lightning. Tho Devil never toyed with worthier folds. About a comelier thr.-ir.t to strangle souls: ' A fuco that dazzled you with life's whlto heat. Devouring as lt drew yen i.iTyuur feet, With eyes that set tho beast i-f tho >'loi.d astir. Leaping In heart and hrain alive for hot ¡ Molted the sword of toni within itt sheath' : Tho knee-joints lo"sened, smitten by her breath . Until you bowed ps the strong beast onweth. When taken captivo by thc dark ot deith .. Lithe amorous Hps, cruel In curvo and hue. Which greedy as tho grave my kisses drew With hers, that to ray mouth like live things clung. Long after and in memory fiercoly stung : A dainty morsel of the Devil's meat To roll beneath my tongue as poison sweet 1 Had not th* mother ato forbidden food. This was the daughter among womel that would. Although Mr. Massey's rhyme occasionally halts, it is nevertheless smooth enough for all poetic purposes, and where rough its rough- ness is owing to the angularity, ruggedness, and originality of the thought which it expres- ses. In reading over the horrible story which our author relates, we cannot help "exclaiming with Hamlet, "Alas, poor Ghost !" Some of the best authenticated ghost stories teach a similar doctrine respecting tho punishments which both small and great criminals have to under- go in the future life, so that our poet is not singular .in his psychological < views on .this question. "Wc would very strongly urge' our married readers to ponder well what tho poet says respecting the possible fato of quarrel- some married people. Our faith is capacious enough to receive his statements' without questioning their authority : A wedded couple, bedded snug *a birds , In nested peace, ono night must needs have words < Ot strife before they slept. A foolish thing ,. : Had on a sudden set them bickering : ..Borne wildfire wish had dropt a subtla spark ?"-."". That kindled at a breath blown thro'the dark, . And all their passion burst in tongues of flame; Their anger blinding eooh to personal blame. Bbs nadjoeen pillowed on lils booting hep-t, . .,"' And In an Instant they had sprung apart 1 The arm that wound about her he withdrew. And night with dark divorce came 'tn ixt the two. - A little thing had pluokod them palm from palm ; A little thing had broke their happy calm ; : A little thing fallen In the pleasant path Of their life-stream, tbrt turned to bubbling wrath t And little might have made them yield and cling Repentant; yea. a very llttlo thing. - A touch would liavjrsnfiieed to make the stream '" Flow,free onco more : dream out Its happy dream. - - A kiss have fused them Into one at.tn, . . And saved thom many a year of piteous pain. . .Twas such a little thing they had to do; , ? 'J ." [ ; Doth' yearned to make lt up and this beth knew. . . If one could but have said goodnight; scared Love " - Would have como down to brood like Holy Dov«. And, being done, all would have been so well. " Not being dono it left the riftfor Hell To break thro', and another triumph win, -Ever tho worst of TraLors are within : - ' ,. '. But neither spoke, tho' long upon the wing ? ' Lora waited lingeringly listening 1 '?'_.' "Walting,"-ho heard her in her slumbers weep. And then be slept, and In the guise of sleep Death carno for ulm, nor gave him time to say ? % ?> ' .? ' '. Good night," good bye," and ot his side she lay . A widow! And upon that dark no day - Hu th broke for her.. For him no.* hell nor heaven ; "Will open; praying still tobe forgives; ~ Night after night, at her bedside he stands. Wringing his soul as ono may wring the hands ; " ' By natural law of grieved love ; not rent In vengeance and unnatural punishment. - ; -, Let all decent married folk who, from some weakness^ of temper, are liable to have ' a little^ marital tiff in the still hours of the night,' take waining by this story. Instead of questioning the poet's authority as sceptics and heterodox people would feel inclined to do, let them receive his statements nB gospel, and in'order to avoid tho fate of wandering and' repentant ghosts which he so glowingly.depiots, let them never quarrel, more especially at night, or if " they, should.be so unfortunate ns "to havo a little tifi; why, let them instantly kiss and make it up, and so be on the safe side.. Mr. Massey's poems tue destined to . occupy a conspicuous niche amongst ' the British classics. ; ..... . ¡ BTONEY : Printed and Published ' by BAMUBI, BENNETT, Solo Proprietor, nt the Emplro Oflico I ?- ?.> ' Pitt-street, Friday; 4th April. ". -, * ' 