INTERESTING EXPERIMENTS ON FOUG AIR (fVoiit a caiTcspoiiJoni of the Vaily'Newa.) Paria. February 4. CAPTAIN DENABOUZB is provina; to tho sa nails o£ Paris that if miners henceforth porish from choke dnuip it will not ho through tho fault of science His cloaionslrntions to this effect nra mudo in the Cata- combs, under tho Kuo d'Kufcr. ThS tbcatro of bia experiments is a space formed hy tho intersection of two low cilleries propped np with squat freestone pillars, and lined with skulls nnd tibias. Theso details aro rendered visible by tho light of flnrino; torches, such ai ono sees in tho Bercy wino vaults. In tho centre of tho opouing stands a largo glass box, or rather chamber, which might bavo been Itafrrowcd from tho niauigors of tho Brighton Aquarium. Its inma'cs uro not fishes, but a lordly dunghill cock, vorr proud of his Bcnrlnt cont decoration», and a rabbis which might ho taken for au emblem of unintelligent vacillation and timidity. At tho extremity of tho gluss chnmbcr, farthest from tho sent3 provided by Cap- tain Deuarouzo for thoso who wish to look on at hu experiments, liesa tin cylinder, closed at both ends. An iudiarubber tub« is inserted into tho cylinder, ot which moro presently. Wheu tho pcrformnnco is about to commence n few moro torches aro lighted. A man dressed Uko a miner then comes forward, enters tho gloss chamber, which is closed on him hermetically, and thon proceeds to work with a pickaxe, to tho evident annoy- ance of tho cock and tho bewilderment of tho rabbit. He hos an his back a i in box shaped liko a knapsack, and fastened to his breast a littlo lantern, with very pow- erful reflectors. As ho stoops, wo observo that his nostrils aro shut by menus of a spring noombling tho contra! part of a pair of spectacles. We alga seo that he holds in' his mouth a bone tnbo, from which procoeda another of gutta percha, ending in the knapsack. The man is in no wiso embarrassed with this apparatus. Ho tears up tho gronnd and. morea about heavy blocks of freestone, crawls on his hands and knees, and aots HS if ho wero in a mino instead of in a glass chamber ia tho Catacombs. AV hilo ho is so en» gaged, tho captain explains tbnt thc knapsack is a sort of gasometer, containing a supply of vital air. and that tho big cylinder contains a reservo fend. Ho then turns a cock, which ho says is to Ult tho glass chamber with, carbonic-acid gas. Beforo many minutes elapBÔ, the vainglorious bird showB siuns of physical discomfort, turus bino at the wattles, loses his lordly air, flaps his wings languidly, droops, goes off into a faint, and gives up tho ghost. Tho rabbit's struggles for life aro more convulsivo, and his kicks go on for a longer timo. While death thus invades tho chamber, the minor works away, not mind- ing tho poisonous gas. His lamp, which also communi- cates with tho knapsack, continues . to burn bright,' though four torches in the glass room have gono ont for want of oxygen. Tho moment the light in it growB dim, the man understands that ho must draw upon tho reserva fund of vital air, from which ho replenishes his portable gasomotcr. Hydrogen and oxygen gas aro next turned in upon him. But ho is not hurt by the inflammable atmosphere, for tba flame of his lamp cannot como in contact with it. Tho whole contrivance is so simple, that ono wonders it was not long ago invented. Captain Dcnarouzo's miners' knapsack: was first suggested to him by tho diving-boll, which, ho flatters himself, his apparatus will sunorsede. 