THEATRE ROYAL. ; ' - There was a very good attendance at'-; the:Theatre. Royal" on Friday evening, to- witness an am iteur . performance under the. patronage of the officers of- H.M.S. Clio. The curtain rose upon the first act of Hamlet— the scene on . the ram- parts, where the shade of the Royal Dane app-ara to the philosophical Prince and his friends. The part of Hamlet was creditably sustained by Mr. E. Booth- man, whose action was almost .faultless, ai.d his conception, of the "character a very correct one. Mr Bobthman, how ever, follows the stage traditiun, and impersonates the Prince in dark hair and complexion, as it the latter liad been a swarthy' Italian, instead of a light- haired, blue-ev'd son of Scandinavia. In this Mr Boothman is not singular, for nine out of every ten tragedians do the same.- A frequent repetition of a wrong, however, does not make it a right ; we -believe in the common sense view of this - matter taken by Mr' Charles Dillon — ne mean authority on hiatriui.ic subjects, and the heit Hamlet that ever appeared in Tasmania. That accomplished actor was firmly of opinion that, as llainlct was "a native to the manner born " of Denmark, lie should be represented iu that coluur of hair and in tlmt com plexion' whioh we observe in ninety-nine uut of every hundred Danes of the pre sent day — light hair and a fair com plexion. Mr A. Boothman performed the part of Horatio in a Jvery correct manner; the "Messrs Crowhnrst played tli'e parts of Guildestern." and Bernado satisfactorily : and the Ghost was im personated by Mr Honey, whose action was good, but thp tone of his voice hardly sepulchral enough for one -who had just emerged from tho grave. In the interludo which followed, Mr James OgiKie rendered a pretty dance entitled the Silver Pedestal, and later -in the evening he gave aieally clever perform ance of in Amei ican Sand Jig. Mr Honey having .n . a ly <x suited the recita tion I' Clarence's Dream," to the intense admiration of " the sweet little cherubs who sing up aloft,'' the laughable come dietta of " A ', Coqjujpl Lesson," was performed. In ..the .character of Mrs L :lla_by Mr Perry achieved another suc cess in the feminine role ; in iact, we doubt if the same character was ever performed better in this city;even by tbe lira; c'ass actresses who have rendered it here." His make up was so good, and 'the imitation of feminine characteristics so pei feet, that the uninitiated would cer tainly be ' misled' as' to" his sex. Mr E. Bootliman also played'" Mr Sioion Lullaby in an admirahle manner. One nf the " CKos " guvo a tiaval ho hpine and an . Irish jig In cnpitol slyle, retiring after each dance' amid 'a. shower of hoquels, and the Clio Galop .Was played by the orchestra, it having bobii u,i ranged lor them by Mr Crowhurst, Jun. The entertainment conclu-lcd. with the lur- le3que of Bombastes Furioso, which was successfully performed, notwithstanding the impertinent interruptions of .a few dirty-faced individuals in the pit,-vlhose gruiitings clearly indicated their.natural "und most geiiial abode to 'he a . pig-stye- Adtight in tUo .watch- Louse is the only "Scufo " for thT&e;"iinnaniffe'red"fellnw8 , ; fo , attempt- to- rensonnwiUi'them .is but. an illustration, of thefpliy of '.'east jug' pearls i rto.'swine." , / Mr Albert. Giylor, of Liverpool-st. Hias just/completed another very neat ; piece of workmanship !n, the 6liapeof n rsilver .medal, bearing 'the inscription, " Presenlcd-to Mr W. Westcott, Haniii- vton -Public ScliHolj Xmaa, 1872':" Oil the _ i frorit of tho medal ere two imititation ' f silver quill pens crossed, on a -brightly . vpolielied centre plate, and encircled with a wreath ' of chased lnnrel 'leaves. Two ' 'frosted silver buckles' are attached to the ntcdal by a blue-ribbon, -and tire whole : forma another of those very creditnbli , :pr6diictioHS for which Mr Alliert Gay lor . .riseuming a wide-spread reputation. Owing to our reporter imsunderxtand- r.ing Mr, Oiil's remarks, the definition of it he alteration mado by tbe Regatta Com- .iriittee in , one -of < the races, .which «p- '. j pearbuiii luRt issne, wasincorrect. '.The i following -is 'the new arrangement, .ae- ' cording to -the. published . programme : — .. The four-oared. Derby remains, as here- toforo, open to the amateur class only.; ; the Gen.-rrii Amateur. ltaco is open to all who 'have not won .first, prizes in . four-oafedtruces ; theTasmati's Prize is " ' open- to-all, but is to be rowed for iu four , .oared /Boats, instead of five-oared, us . , \ hitherto. : ' rAt iabont half.past eight .o'clobk on ''Sunday morning, the fire-bell rung ou t .'the alurin of- fire, and on proceeding to „ .the spot it was found tliat-tlie eliimney .- ' r of the house occupied by Mr Edmondson, ,:.rin Davey- stieethad.canght fire. Both : brigades' were-'sooii on the spot, and the ; fira was extinguished before any serious . dumagc was done. ! . Mr G. . F. Ure3sre11 shipped' 93 tons of . IPort. Arthur coals bv the Southern Cross. ;/ rwliich sailed, for Melbourne on Saturday. .Mr Creswell, who is the agent for a large and powerful steamer which is to .mike one, trip .to this port lor the pur- pose of loading coals for a Melbourne firm, has' Becnred 500 tons . Seymour nnd ,300 tons Port Arthur coals as .part " Aof the steamer's cargo. Mr Macmichael, cashier of the Com- .inrircial Bank, had the bone of his left ; :i«?g fractured in two places on Saturday 'last. It appears that Be had Bceii , put ; driving, and when lie was putting ' the .buggy in the coach-house, whiuli has an inclined floor/Jit/commenced running -down towards him, and while endeavour ing to stop it, he slipped and fell with , rliis leg nnder Him. .Dr. Bright was limmedia'tely sent' for, and Mr Muc- rmichael is getting on favourably. The young nmnHaikettj'who escaped /from gaol on -Friday last, was arrested 'byConslabloRi'ddock on (Saturday/down -one 6f the' coal-pits at New Town.; It will be remembered that ILckett re- 7 ..cuiyed a-seittence some time ago which expired ou Friday lust, and on hearing ..that another. charge was ti be brought " -ngamst.him, he made his escape. lie was biought up at the Poiiee Court to- -daycharged with having stolen six pairs of boot uppers,' the property of Mr B. Sly, itbout4.1re. month ef May, and remand-d ' (till .Wednesday next. - The annual.meeting-of the Gas Com pany will, 'be held at the office, Mac- ' ' .quario- street, on Tuesday, itli pro. -Sup-Inspector Domett' and .Detective Simpson, : arrested .John Cully, an.! iMichael Waters.on -Friday lust, on the ... .charge, of assaultiug two men named White ..and .Harrington- in -Watehorn- : street. -They were brought up at (lie 7 . police Court oil Saturday, and remanded , . '.tiil jFriday .next. It is evident that the . ! two, victims were assaulted with the ' i intention of being robbed, but as they i had nothing -of any value on them, the .cowardly .ruffians released them. 'A meeting of the 'Regatta Committee was held at tlio Bifd-iii-Hand Hotel, on ' Friday 'evening, Mr Do.vdeli in the chair. The Secretary, Mr Gill, reported that the; programme was ready .for publieo- ' 'iion. A letter was read from : Thomas . .Mead, asking ..the committee to alter t.liA nniilifiealioii ifl the twelfth race, so ; tiihf winners of first .prizes' only might be' excluded, which was complied with. '.The aaiiie alteration was made" in the . Derby Stiff Race, No 1 /the barge loce, ' . ".No 8 ; antid;he, four-oared race, No .9. jit was. agreed that .there should -be a flotilla. iTbe' following were appointed . as ' Water Cdmmiltee to -carry out .the -necessary airrangeinents.i— Huyle, Rex, , dBuckiand, and Lovett, and the Ground and Prize Presentation Committes were .also appointed, .consisting of Messrs. Duwdt-ll, Risby, , Gill, and . ©'Boyle. "Tenders wore. orilered to be invited for ... ; the/erection ot stands, seats, laying ' .(own .the buoys, and for other ivork, , '.which aro.to.be sent in by tliii 2 1st mat . ' .It was. also agreed that the Wutev Com- . imittee should watt on Commodore /Stirling and ascertain whether, the Clio '.wonld'be here on.tlie regatta day, and il »so, whetlier he, would allow the vessel'to ibe, used. as: a flag-ship, as was the case Hast year. 'The meeting then adjCuriied itiil Tuesday nest. On Friday afternoon Beverul of our police forco got .into a " scritnmago " Wsith Btmc of. the seamen belonging .to tIieCliol'" TIP" appears, tluit a ' . wii-rant had been .issued for these men, whose ldaya'liad. expired, they wore fminii'in a room nt the Butcher's Arms. 'G.i Siib- Inspector McConnell, accompanied 'by seven other members oftho. police force, going' in anil ' rending ithe .warrant, the men said 'they would nut go, nnd com menced usiiij; sticks, pokers, and other dangerous weapons. Constable Brennnn bail his head'scverely cut, nnd Detective Vickers was also much injured about the head anil arms,.ns was dlsn Suli-Inspcc- torD.irsett and Constable McVVilliains.; this caused the poliro to rot ire. The mun tlien loft tiie Butchers' Arms, after which Sergeant Ridge nnd two other constables came to the assistance of the force, nnd pursued the seamen, captur ing two of their number in Elizab'etb- strcet, when one of .them attempted to piill'liis knife out. Thoy were taken on board by the constables after a good deal, of .resistance. The foryicea of Mr Alfred Clint, late scenic ..artist ot the Prince ,of .Wales Opera House, Mulliourn>, have been secured by Messrs. Allison and Hewitt, the' two gentlemen who are 'to bring the new theatrical companytffom. Melbourne, and, '.no doubt, we shall have an op|>or- tunity of seeing some.of Mr Clint's work as nn artist. ,Thoina3 Mooney, aged ' IS yeais, was, killed on the Uth inst, at tlie Hnon.'. He was falling a free, .which came in contact, with another tree, and then tell oh liim, rendering liini'insensible. The un fortunate man was picked up, and Dr. Walker was sent for, but. medical skill was of no avail, and lie died about six' hours after the accident. .A meeting of .-stonemasons will take place at the Forester's Hall at 8 o'clock this evening,: to consider, the. eight hours' system, . 'The residents /in the '.vicinity of Xi verpaol-street near Argyle- street- were much annoyed on Friday night last, by a mob of our street " rowdies/' who could bo heard some distance olf using tho most abusive language and engaging in stand-up fights. One of our reporters saw nn -excited -fellow, who appeared to be the .ringleader, attempt to pull u batten off a fence; hut lie failed in his efforts to do so, luckily, perhaps,. for his opponent. "Such annoyances as these onght.to be put n stop to, as' tliey: are becoming too rfrequent. In this ease we have good reason to ask where are the police, as: hot one. of 'the '".invisible blues " was to be seen.' The .pleasure steamer Monarch will make au excursion to .New. Norfolk on Thursday next, leaving tlie Franklin Wliaif at 0 am , and New Norfolk at 4 p.m. The steamer will leave for New Norfolk as usuul oa Friday' afternoon. 