TRIAL OF A BAK D OF BRIGANDS. (FROM THE EU1tOPEAt- MAIL.) A trial has been going on at Szegedizi, in Hungary, the extraordinary complicated nap dramatic history of which is destined to occupy a conspicuous place amongst the crimnal reicords of all countries iind epochs, The individuals involved may be counted by hundreds--their crimes and otfonc:s by thousands , and the firs: arrests took place as far back as 1800. The Lioyd of Pcsth gives an outline of the case underthe title of the "'Proces Sandor"-Sander being the name of the chief of a band of nutletietors whose depredations and atrocities rendered them the terror of Szegedin and the sur rounding district. It appears that, ever since 1860, the inhabitants of Szegodin had become so terrified in consequence of the daring exploits of Sandor's bandof brigands that they locked and barred themselves in their houses at dusk, and dared not to venture into the streets even during the day without being armed with revilvers and swordsticks. Robberies, incendiary 4fires, audi assassinations were the order of the day.' U. de Raday was. sent as a Royal commissioner to Szegedoin to put an end to this deplorable state of things. U. D) Raday soon became convinced that not only Szegedin but the whole comitat and the surrounding districts were invested by formidable, "companies" ofbrigands. whose organisation was complete and their circle of action clearly defined. After careful and minute inquiries the Royal commissioner ftund, to his amazement, that a number ot adminis trative and ju licial functionaries ntire acting as accomplices of the bands of brigands that even the titled notabilitiesofthe district acted as receivers of the. stolen property. Crimes havebeen brought to light which were perpetrated 30 years ago; and an old man of seventy was condemned some short time ago for, a crime committed , when he was 40 years of age. The novel and pe culiarly " psychological" system pdrsued by the Royal commissioner in order to fain out the guilty parties amongst the hundreds individuals arrested is worth recording. The prisoners were completely isolated from the rest of the world during their confinement, and their eyes were bound in order to pre vent any conversation by signs usually re sortedto by.accomplished thieves. "Com panions in captivity," totally unknown to them, were placed in the same cells, who soon insinuated themselves into the con fidence of the prisoners, studied their cha racters, made themselves acquainted with their secrets, and used all their efforts to bring about a full confession. With regard to Sandor, the royal commissioner himself succeeded in getting a full and complete I avowal of his crimes by adopting tactics ofa most ingenious kind. Knowing the great brigand chief to be exceedingly vain of his Ireputation, and to be in the habit of looking down upon his less (taring accomplices as mere "purloiners of chickens," H. de Raday ordered Sandeor to fall upon his kneesbefore his fellow prisoners-the small fry of the band-whose instructions were to reproach their:chief, with being a chicken stealer like theinselves. The rtise- was perfectly suc cessful; the proud Sandor's "honour" was mortally wounded and the " brigand king" (as he loved to, style himself) immediately' entered into a full confession of his long series of crime, as well as "hose of his accomplices. The expedient resorted to by the royal commissioner in the case bf another famous brigand, named JeanBajdor was this :--Bajdor is known toeie exceed ingly superstitious; he is charged :with having committed two murders, and itsists upon asserting his innocence. One evening, the examining magistrate had Bajdor brought' into his cabinet, and immediately addressed 'him as 'follows:- "John Bajdor. I cannot dsleep on ;your ac count; the ghost of Peter Bodri, whom tiiht, au t threatedisýiatt:.h.aunt rngd siý11 t tse mei until 'suchet aIsl1)l' rh Y.;the i~lj with . i yo.d.. . strangd , yqur victi -.rounid youir own nek l qn sayng this, the examining megistrate threw ' Srope round Bajdor's-neck, and ordered tin to be taken back to psison. At mid iight John Bajdor, who had slept soundly, a notwithstanding his 59 crimes, jumpped up affrighted, and rushed towards the door of his prison, crying for help.. This was the t moment the examining magistrate had ] anxiously awaited; he made his way into t the cell, when Bajdor confessed not only to having murdered Bodri and his son, but also to having. committed a number of other henious crimes. In cogsequence of these disclosures the two bodies of his victims, with the ropes still round their necks, were discovered. Acting on Bajdor's advice, a number of other prisoners have made free confession of all the crimes they had committed: all the -nalefact',rs arrested it must not he forgotten, are kept in the r utmost ignorance as to the charges which weigh against them. On their firstexamin ation they were not questioued as to the 1 perpetration of such or such a crime; they r were simply asked to 'give an account of any offence of which they might, L:kuowledge o i themselves guilty. By this means a number 1 of crimes have been brought to light hither to totally unsuspected. An idea of how desirable a place Szegedini must have been r to live in may be formed from the follow ing enumeration of the cases which are now being tried beior, a specially appointed court. When th, Thyal cormmissioner first t arrived at Szeg.iitin there were 1,506 crim t inal charges to be hoard; a little later 500 more charges were madel; and when the I oyal conrmission had terminate l its duties S950 fresh cases were brought to light, mankilng in all nearly 3.0!:)0 crim:s of the 3 gravest character. Of this total 1.00)' ju,:gments have a!reialv hbin given,I a l nearly all these ju.hiLnl.ent. have bh.3,,t c31 i firme: on l apal. Thf eurins ?l :,,',i . . dbisn,-Or!.i by the n?val conlinission a I iutl!D \- to 8,000. The principal charges are th ins of murder, robbery, pillag,, incen tiarism, Y &c.;, the cases of robbery na.one oe-oeltug. 4,000. 