Impounding Notices. Impounded at the Public Pound, Wallaroo Bay (nearest Post-Office, Wallaroo Bay)—One brown horse, branded EG over if near shoulder, broken knees, .ew white hairs in forehead, switch tail, with white spots each side of neck; one bay mare, branded »» ^^er, collar marked, little white ^ ^ L d ^ r X X ni ^ ^ off ^ ^ ^ w])ke ^ forehead. If not claimed, will be s5 5ra October C, 1873, at noon. Impounded at the Public Pound, Kaiufon, Hundred of Cliuton (nearest Post- Ofii'ce, Green's Plains East)—Bay horse, if branded, not visible, blaze down face, two shoes on, three white feet; bay mare, star, branded like K near neck, shod fore feet ; bay horse, branded branded like like J« near shoulder fore feet .hod, broken bdl ^ ^ ^ hind feet white, bla/e, branded like w .iting „• near rump ; cream colored coh horse branded cu near shoulder, blaze one white foot; darkbrownhor.se, branded like I with like number 8 near shoulder star two hind white feet. If not churned, will be sold October 6, 187:1, at noun. Impounded at the Public Pound, Section No. 122, Haired of Goyder nearest Post-Offlce, Bort Wakefieldj—One chestnut mare, star in foreuead, branded like — over u o<>ujoine m over — conjoined under saddle, like ^ over >t conjoined off shoulder ; one bay mare, star, bell on neck, faint brand like LK near shoulder: one big black bullock, star, little white behind tlie horns, oil the bacK, and belly, " " good '' horns, branded ' like ca off rump. If not claimed, will be Hold October G, 1873, at noon. SriurrrsM.— Mr. Scheie De Vere, a professor in one of the American universities has recently written a work on Mode;-:: Ma^ic, in which he treats the topics of divsam-. visions, ghosts, possessions, and miraculous cures. He believes in tiie existence of certain laws, and ilie occurrence of certain phenomena, which, though forming an integral part of the human eonsitution, are not taken cognisance of by the ordinary senses. The practical conclu-ion r;t which he arrives is, that the uuyle of magic most prevalent at the present time, known as spiritism, has thus far led to 110 useful results, rdlleHigh its mysteries present a legitimate subject for scientific investiii-Aiion. There can It; 1 , nodoubf, he says, that, modern magic, as far as k consists in table-moving and sijirit.-rapping, with their usual accompaniments, neither the work of mechanical jugglery exclusively, nor. on the other hand, the result of revelations made by spirits. In file r mass of accumulated evidence there remain, however, after sifting it carefully, many facts which cannot be explained acoiding to the ordinary course of nature. The power winch produces these phenomena must be classified with other well-known powers given to man under exceptional circumstances, such as the safety of somnambulists in dangerous places, the cures performed by faith, and the strange exhibitions made by diseased persons, suffering of catalepsy and similar affections. If men, under the influence of mesmerism, in a state of ecstatic fervor, or under the pressure of strong and long-continued excitement, show powers which are not possessed hy man naturally, than modern magic also may well be admitted as one of the means bv which such extraordinary and as yet unexplored forces are brought to light. All that can be reasonably asked of those who so peremptorily challenge our admiration, and demand our respect for the new science, is that it shall be proved to be useful to man, and this proof is, as vet, altogether wanting. . llottowaifs Oinlmmnl and Pills.—Bad legs, bad breasts, ulcers, abscesses, wounds, and sores of all kinds may be thoroughly healed by the application of this Ointment to the parts affected, after they have been duly fomented with warm water. The discharge should not be checked at once, but rather encouraged, for any sudden check must of a certainty be always dangerous. ' Nature is the noblest of physicians, and must not be opposed, but seconded. All sores are for a time the safety valves of the constitution, and should not be closed or healed until they assume a healthier character. Under the action of this powerful Ointment, aided by the Pills, the depraved humours and acrid secretions will be quickly removed. 