FRANCE. the pervasive atheism. — the " mission. ix- te11ieuee. " — women's mission. — alsatian- exiles. — paris protestant population, etc. The natural reaction from the intense folly of the clericals is Atheism. "We can but repeat our ever-widening experience that France is caught in the maelstrom of materialistic infi- delity, and no Papal cobwebs can hold her back. Nothing but an anchor firm fixed on the Rock of Ages could do it, and we recollect the pro phetic keen- siglitedness of the patriarch of a northern city when in 1869 he said to brethren who preached the Gospel on the Fair: "Too late ! too late ! you have come twenty years too late. You might have saved France had you come sooner." "A whole nation without God," says a journal, "asking as the only .and supreme good for a full draught of the enjoy ments of this world."' Democracy as it is be- longs almost totally to the ever-increasing class of free-thinkers, oven those who say of the Lord and of His Christ, ' ' Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us. " Religion by withdrawing has left an aching void, to fill which the grossest passions rush ruthless. Faith in the invisible and trust in a living God are rapidly ebbing out, not from our citizens only, but also from our peasantry. The Temoiymage in contrasting the state of England in this respect to ours, and referring to the grossest sinners, says in England they are not infidels but rebels. Throughout their lawless life they have down deep in their heart some what in their old belief ; they believe in God, the terrible, the just Judge. They brave Him, hate Him, and the more they do so the more they suffer ; at last they fall into despair and die wretched. If at some point of their exis tence a direct appeal reaches their conscience, if instead of the Judge they fear an infinitely mild and merciful God appears, their pride is broken, love and gratitude well up, and spiritual life is communicated, Truly it is a grand and noble Church which has drawn so deep a furrow in the very depths of the people. The state of France is different. The great obstacle con tinually met with it is pure unbelief, the most childish ignorance of the very elements of Christianity and of the voice of conscience. Gentle, affectionate, light-hearted people, the French know but little of the pangs of con science. In their eyes sin is but the weakness inseparable from human nature, and they are neither surprised nor touched on hearing of a loving and forgiving Cod, for the only attribute they decidedly acknowledge Hiin to have is "meekness:" Such (it continues) are the real difficulties in bringing the Gospel to bear on our people, and our Protestantism has not yet brought into action nor even discovered the powerful lever capable of stirring up the careless quietude and religious indifference which keeps souls asleep. Nevertheless there are deeper feelings, deeper sorrows, and higher aspirations than is generally thought. Seed sown broad cast is not sown hi vain." There is one thing clear, however, to those who deal with all classes, tbat the lever alluded to must be found and applied quickly or it will be too late ! There is an innate feeling of justice and injustice in the most ignorant which, when left to the spirit of lawlessness, nerves the arm to strike right and left in blind retaliation. Let loose this fearful power — spare none. May God yet delay the_ awful future which apparently is rapidly drawing near ! We know that there is a vast population whose hearts are softened, and on whom the words of life and the message of peace fall with power, and many a Frenchman whose conversion to God has been as clear, as simple, and as decided as any man's in Eng land. The Gospel is ever the power of God to every one that believeth. "We could give facts from the mining districts of St. Etienne and elsewhere as strildng as any from Cornwall, and facts of agony of soul for sin, and relief and joy in looking to Jesus, as forcible as any in Eng land. It is the men of faith to give the true unvarnished and untrimmed message from God that are lacking — men full of the Holy Ghost and of power ! And these men, wherever they are or in whatever station, are honoured of God to apply the old lever ever powerful, while others honoured of men pass it by and seek in vain for another ! The Mission intcrienre has now been a year in operation, and lias given a spur to activity, In several large cities lectures, evening schools, peoples circles, ragged schools, and libraries have been multiplied or established ; tract dis tribution has largely increased, and soldiers and sailors cared for. In country districts itinera ting missions, cottage-meetings, assemblies in the open air, and private visitation have been promoted, Exchange of pulpits, worship in common, and other brotherly marks of Christian union in prayer and labour have rejoiced and refreshed many, and a prayer union suggestin subjects for each day in the week i3 a hopeful sign. One of its correspondents is visiting the citadel of St. Martin, where there are 550 politically condemned prisoners, of whom 25 Protestants. "Guilty men there are, but the most are rather men led astray. Many, al though enemies of tho priests and of bigoted Catholicism, arc accessible to the Gospel, and less godless than is imagined. There is a great and encouraging work to be done among them. Every facility is given me, and I rejoice to de vote myself to it, and desire but 011c thing, to lead to Christ the Saviour, the Comforter, the only Light and Guide, these poor forsaken ones of the world which have destroyed them, and laying to their charge tho crimes of all, has left them to their fate !" Frenchwomen are showing increasing activity in tlicir schools for adults and children taken from the streets. One has lately enlisted her bridegroom in the work which has been for time uppermost in her thoughtful activity, and they have given their wedding tour to visiting the barracks and distributing tracts and books among the soldiers of various towns. Others are holding women's meetings in villages, and tak ing short excursions to visit their Christian sisters, and strenghthen and encourage them ia the Lord. The Bible-women go peaceably on with their often arduous work. One had the joy lately of seeing tho woman who received the first tract she gave when commencing her work two years ago, and with the tract her first religious impressions, received member of a. Christian Church. The sorowful exiles from Alsatia arc exciting : great entliusiam, and public subscriptions are open every where for those who have preferred the loved name of their French' fatherland to . comfort, and affluence, and homo. The 1st of October was the last day when option could be mado between France and Prussia, and all who decided to remain Frcnch'wero to leave Alsatia. 80,000 passed through the , town of Nancy alono in one week; Metz has lost 80,000 in habitants out of 00,000, and Bishwillcr 2090 out of 8200 ! Many disinterred their dead, and special funeral compartments were in each rail way train. Two hundred magistrates have re signed their functions and accompanied the exiles. Only five choose to remain. The census in Paris since the war gives 41,703 Protestants, which is regarded as de- risiodory, tho two Churches Reformed and Lutheran numbering about 80,000 ! The agents in cases of absence took their information from the doorkeepers, generally ignorant on the sub ject, rather than repeat thoir visit. Gentility.— The Daily Mews asserts that "gentility," to which Lord Salisbury casually, alluded in his admirable speech at Manchester the other day, works far more mischief in Eng lish society than any combination of strikes 01- rise of food to famine prices. If we could get any trustworthy statistics 011 such. a subject, wc should learn how many thousand of families there are in London who arc endeavouring to keep up a state altogether out of proportion to their means, and who arc from time to time plunged into the deepest distress by some unex pected call 011 their confined resources. This disastrous pretentiousness does not stop here— it prevails in other regions. Tho son of the work man must bo a shopkeeper ; the son of a shop keeper must bo a merchant's clerk; the son of the merchant's clerk must be educated for the law, or medicine, or the Church ; and they must in the meantime assume tho social position and expenditure necessary to the character, and incur the most severe privations for the sake of a weak and foolish pretence. No one, of course, can desire to check the ambition of ardent youth. But the impulse which drives people into efforts to distinguish themselves or better tho circumst ances is vastly different from that petty hypocrisy which loves to " keep up appearances," and ape a style of living altogether beyond its means. , That is one of the great curses of our time ; aiul it is hard to sec how it is to be remedied, except by a growing spirit of good sense and honesty on the part of our population generally. The ex ample of noblemen sending their sons into com merce is all very good in its way ; but it cannot be expected to affect the conduct of men who consider a clerkship and eighty pounds a year as more "genteel" than a carpenter's bench and three pounds a week ; or of women who, adm inistering an income of two hundred a year, would think themselves degraded if they assisted in the cooking and studied the small economies of the kitehen. If we had a little less ."gen tility " and a trifle more thrifty, prudent, and plain ordering of limited means, our social life in England would be a great deal more comfort able and praiseworthy than it is. A. Tall Yarn.— An American Paper has the following : — "On August 21st., Mrs. Timothy Bradlee, of Trumbull, county Ohio, gave birth to eight children, three boys and five girls. They are all living, and are healthy, but quite small. Mr. Bradlee was married six years ago to Bunier. Mowery, who weighed 273 lbs. on the day of her marriage. She has given birth to two pairs of' twins, and now eight more, making twelve children in five years. Mrs. Bradlee was a "triplet," her mother and father both being twins, and her grandmother the mother of five pairs|of twins. The Irishman had a correct appreciation of the business, who being asked by. the Judge, when he applied for a license to sell whisky, if he was a good moral character, replied, "Faith, yer honor, I don't see the necessity of a good moral character to sell whiskey." It was among the loveliest customs of the ancients to bury the young at morning twilight ; for as they Btrove to give the softest interpreta tion to death, so they imagined that Aurora, who loved the young, had stolen them to her cm- brace, 