TALES. A GOOD HATF7I. Br tot Avnion of Lady's Ari'i.sv's Secret (BSLOR.VYTA ANNUAL.) Concluded. Philip left the house at once, and roamed away into tlie dreariest outskirts of the city, a desert tract where there were" buildings newly begun,' abandoned skelotons of houses, and a wide margin of brickfields. All the night lb rough her.', tabled about this dismal region, with a fever in his brain, and no con sciousness of fatiguo, ' no conscionsncss even pi the scene around him. If any ono had told him he hod been wandering on the shore by some roaring sea, he could only by cir cumstantial evidence have perceived the falsehood involved in the assertion. It was in the broad summer sunshine that he went home; his clothes whitened with dost and stained with the night dews, his . face wan and haggard. Laborers going to their work in the early morning stopped to 1 stare at him as ho passed them. One of the sour-faoed maid- sorvants was cleaning the doorstep when ho went in, and gazed at him aghast, but ho scarcely saw hor. He washed himself and changed hia clothes with a half- mcchanical sense of.the proprieties, and then went down to that every- day parlor which had a little while ago seemed .to him such a pleasant home- like room. There wasasolitary i looking breakfust-table.laid for ono ; and in stead of Catherine Paroldi'spresen co there was a little note addressed to Philip Itnyuer ; n tender 'pleailing little letter, assuring, liim once again of her gratitude for his goodness to a friendlcss. orphan, beseeching him once more, to be goncrons and forgiving, and telling bim that, let him act towards her as lie would, she would never cease to be his grateful and affectionate Catherine, . . He reail the letter three times with a fierce hungry look in his face, a rage of mingled hate and love, then crushod.it in 'his hand and flung it into tho, empty: gi-ato. And having done that ho determined to recom mence his life upon a now system ; to shut that false girl's image out of/his mind, to devote all his energies and all his thoughts to business. '. ... The' fire't' letter' he'trtoto -when -ho.had seated himself at his desk in; liis private counting-house, for the first timo since his , journey, was a brief epistle to George Tol- : son, informing hiin that his services were no i:.- . longer required, and that if he preferred any pecuniary compensation instead of the ordi nary term of notice, such a course would be more agreeable to the feelings of his obedient servant, Philip Rayner. The answer to this was prompt enough. It told the new chief of Rayner, liayner and Sons, that Mr. Tolson required neither no- : tico nor compensation; and that ho should . have quitted the office for ever before his -note could be delivered to, Mr. Rayner. ' ' V He will find anothor situation, I snp- pose," Philip said to' himself, " for the scoundrel is clever. , He had a, hundred and fifty a year with us ; lie will Scarcely get so much elsewliero. At best, it can only be fentoel beggary, a perpetual struggle for are existence. ."Arid what is therothat I could liavo denied her if she had married married me ? She will think of that some-. > . times, surely." - , How far Pinup Rayner 'succeeded m 'shutting out the linage. of the girl lie had loved was best known to himself. From tho .- hour in which he left lior on the, night of. his. father's funeral ho never spoke of - her again to any human creature. Whatever curiosity lie, may have felt as to her fate ho kept locked in his own breast, malting no attempt r 7- - to discover what became of: her. , , ... It was from this time forth that be spoke ' £ himself as a good liater. , Ho had a kind of sullon pride in his hatredof George To'sonand Catherine Paroldi. ' And yet, iis it has been said before, bo would, no doubt, have called himself a Christian. Ho had always been a good man of business, but from the hour . of his disappointment ba devoted himself to the dryadust labors of his daily life with a now energy. His father had left him a rich man, and o very year added to his wealth, whilo his expensos diminished instead of increasi ng. The faithful butler retired to live upon Ins savings and his dead master's legacy in n.'- congenial retreat beyond Wappirig, ' '> and Philip made no attempt to supply his place. He was waited , upon after this '; by the middle-aged housemaid, who hail i . ,. amassed money in the "savings-bank and' ae- quired some distinction in a community of . Primitive Methodists, whoso place of worship was in a darksome lane near :t>hc Erst. India docks. . He was quito coutpnt -with this rc- v duction of his former state. It wan a means ' :: of saving money, and lio had a stolid sati3- " fabtiori'in tho accumulation of his wealth. . ' The years passed, and he , lived on, with- out.change'of any kind in the dull old .city house. Fricndd he had norio; The oiily mail' 4 , .- . i ho., had ever made 'ft companion was George Tolson, Acquaintances of course.hc had in- the way of buriness-j-peoplc who' 'thought well of him, and would fain have . had' him for n giiost at their houses,: but he . " refused, all invitations. : The .gloomy soli-' ' . tude.oftho old house near the Tower best ' suited his gloomy) humor.' People' asked ' ' Kim sometimes why' He" did1 not buy a place at Clapbam.pr Dulwieli. or Norwood, ', .'i . ) . and live more in:. accordance with hisfor- ' tunes ; lie always told. them; with the same dreary smile, that lie did not care for the. country, he was fond of London. ' 'Ono day a bolder spirit than the rest asked .him plainly why ho1/, had,. never married. ' The . dark, .look with ' which Philip '..Rayner answered the question put- ,an ... effectual 1 r' stop. '.to' all: 'farther, inquiries upon that " fcebd, . -. : y V .... ./So his life went on, buying; and selling, ... I. and' "doily growing!' richer'; coining' homo , . . eyery day to, the'same lonely/room ; eating ' and drinldng sparingly in solitude ; sitting alone through tho long evening' with a' _ neglected book lying on1 the table before bim, "J/X .' .'.;'.i.. -or wandering nlbno "hi the. , familiar ' steects and in tlie suburban- roads, that . bo. had trodden long.ngo with, George) Tolson ; and ,' lor any pleasure or varioty, thiero was in ' hia . :t> .it ..life he might as w.ellhftv.e.boen sbmc wretched i . m ©Uey slave, toiling; under the: sunshine of- ' ,! v .. southern Fiance. : So the ycrs/went by, and V; ; brought him no tidings o. thope ,ho hated, J. i : no' mutation in hi own monotonous life.' It ' ' ' '/was ten ycats after shc'had.'left bis house " -/!. :i ,:i - when lie saw CatlierjneParpIqi; br Cathcrine -y.'l'r -a ..Tolson' as, of course, i she innsti be now. She . v, Bashed past him |one winter afternoon at L'k. I ' .'dujm in a crowded' city 'street, a tall .slim ,f . >" -it ,.r. figure dressed in black, with great dark eyes . . ! "iand' a wan' face. -;,,lt was only jwbpn she had. , .vt/'i '<; ' him, pome, moflimiis tMj lie knew;:by iV-i':i7/ /i '.' itlie quickened beating of „bis | heart, who it v. <i in. was- 'that hadvlbeimi-BiJi-'itajsar to hi|n.. , " 'i'"" ii '' .Hc;'r'turiied) and would: ''fam — have — fol— I .1', her, i'rpp, tilled' 1 !, .'liy ;h'. "straligtf ' r .i '.biu ,;i' ,!'iourlosity.:to; learn the. cireumstaiiehsMf'li'eii v.„ , ''V- ' lifcj 'bat she wasdqst in.'thq lorowd Ijvtlq ' time ho had reeoy<re hiyi s» far as to be iiiii.)! :i . ablo. to. look about for hcri'.', . hi i .7," -o.i.'uD ,.i ,;f i v .(Lt hven,' how her 'fate! liiilunted hjmi " .:«i i;ij'iShe)jvas'! b:.. -o i... "/ .poorr-he was sure of .. that j'lid had"rehd' a3 ,..r ' much even' in ffiis'btief glimpse of that u' i nv"/' ' lope ; poor'',ahd '<arewbirli aloiie in the z'j-f i.:/ , /i .!: "«ity!sixeet; I) - .. Homeward to some sordid—refuge ; slio for ' whom. life should' h'vo'been one bright holi- v. -i . ! .1 . .dajqliiidshcchqg'entdibijliisyrifo. Helairgbed- i . ' aloud ',as be thought ..'of : liisj money, av/i the-' homo he could have 'givepj; her. .'. Not , , thaf 'dull' city mausion wich served well :. .nough for him, but o suburban palgi&pet; iri; ! : a fairyland- of.- gardens, carriiges, laokoys,' i - i 'i- - 'i ' "iiarnoncl8 to crown the paid . JoiV.'- 'O God,- ;i how different Ufe.'mijjht. iiaveibeen for both -;i ) .- of .thorn Uadsho butloved hini I'.'He.'jliated her with a 'doublo' Jhitred'as' he.houggfiiiif \- V ..what they had each lost:- bated her fun'the. wroiig done to herself , ,'as well - Ha for 'the , . wrong'done tohim.-i." ' . . , Ho took out. his'bank-book'that mgiivthe i /nibdest parchment-boiind volume in 'which a prosperous trader is apt to find a more sooth- . ' ' ing influence than in the brightest' dreams " . of poets, or the most, profonnd ' phi- ' losophisingof Bages. Yes, a loose thousand 1 J ." or two had' accumulated since he. bAd last taken a survey, of his affairs ; a' little more :< -. r- V to invest in some safe, and.prpfitable waj-,' -in. India bonds or unimpeaoltoble luilway, de bentures. A couple of thousand; pouhds.! .. and that . poor pinched face! of hers had lookpdas if a ten-pound note would have been a boon to her. _ "1 bever thought that George ; Tolson would succeed in life," Philip Rayner said to himself that night; "he was too volatile.- Clei cr, I admit, hut with that sort of super ficial cleverness which seldom helps a man to sake a fortune." Prom that time forward the face that had flashed past him in the crowded street was always with him. Sho had haunted him before in her girlish grace and beauty ; she came before him now like tho sad shadow of some wandering soul in Hades, and still he told himself that ho hated hor. What was her poverty <0 him?: If she had been on her knees before him pleading for help, ho would havo been deaf as a! stone to her prayers. Sho had chosen for herself ; let her abide tho issue. It was more than a year after this wheri ho saw the maii who had oiieo been hia friend, Georgb Tolson. Tho two men met at an obscure Btreet corner near the Royal Exchange, Philip returning from an agreeable visit to his stockbroker's, tho other emerging suddenly from a public- house, a gaunt shabby figure, with a haggard unshaven face. A faint flush lit np the careworn face as tlie man recognised tho son of , his old em ployer, and lie made as if lie would have spoken to him ; but Philip Rayner brushed past him and hurried on, very pale, and with a dark forbidding countenance. No, there was nothing- but hatred in his heart for this man. George Tolson' looked after bim, irresolute, for a minute . or so, then gave a heavy sigh, and walked slowly on. Whatever vague .hope might havo impelled bim to approach that sometime friend died out at sight of "tlie pale angry' face. Thus Philip Rayner twice lost the oppor tunity- of -discovering, the fate of these two people who had once been so much to him. And yet there were times when lie would have given the. world to know how they fared ; whether they had drained tho cup of misfortuue to the very dregs, and whe ther Catherine repented the sacrilico sho had. made. Do what he would, work n3 hard as he would, lio could not banish licr from his. thoughts. Tlie contemplation of his own prosperity was a pleasant thing onough, but her sad face came between bim and that .mago of the golden calf , which lie had set np for himselL Was ho sorry for her ? No, siircly not. Ho was not made of tlie stuff to forgive such a wrong "as he had suffered. He was a good hater. - . _ Another year hod gone, and Philip Rayner was forty years of age. It' waS liis birth- .day.; a dull sunless, day. late in October, ivitli a' cruel , easterly wind blowing nil day long. Rather a dreary occasion a birthday for a lhan who stands quita-'alono in tho world. No'one congratulated Philip Rayner upon this completion of ahothef year in his life, not even liis servants,, for. lie had long ago dropped all ceremonial on such anniver saries, and no-bottle of winerwas opened in the kitchen.-for the drinking of the master's health. He was a man who abjured all sen timent. and yet his loneliness, his utter isola tion, did strike him just a little painfully upon this particular day. And it must needs bo always so, , for all, tho years to come. Ho had . not a j friend in the world. He might live forty ! years more, and see forty more sucli birthdays, in .the same-dull old house, in tho same death-like silenco and solitude. For the first, timo he felt as if these grim panelled walls were horrible to liim. They seemed to closo in upon him like the walls of a vault Ho started up from his fireside in a sudden paroxysm of .despondency, and hurried out of tho house.- Once in the open air,- it mattered to him nothing where ho went, , The clocks were striking, seven, and the traffic'.of .tho day was for the most part over. Ho hod tho - streets almost to himself. It was a supremo relief to him to have loft that - silent shadowy parlor, always, haunted / now by tho ghost of what once had been, and to be out under the open sky. Ho walked on, careless whore ho wont ; crossed London bridgo, and mode his way far out by ol>3curc streets and by roads till he 'found himself in a. dismal 'neighborhood beyond Walworth — a bleak barren out-skirt, where tlierp was a ghastly patch' of waste, ground. that had once been a common,, hemmed in by shabby streets of new-built houses, tlie greater part of which scorned to bo still untenanted. The exploration of theso sordid streets afforded some kind of arausemont to Philip Rayuor. Perhaps it .was pleasant to him to contrast- tho squalor, -which prevailed in this' small obscure world, making ..--itself manifest in a hundred trivial ways, with his' own prosperous condition. If he had no one else to wish him joy upon his birthday, he couhl at least .congratulate himself - upon his' wealth, anil wonder how these people en dured the' burden of their existence ; ; ho who, an- hour ago, had rushed out of his comfortable homo, unable to bear tho sudden agony of its solitude, the thought of all tho monotonous joyless years that he was to live .in it. ' - . Tlie., dwellers in ; this region were at least not lonoly.-' - Wherever .ho. caught a glimpse,' of a lighted room; - he saw a family, group assembled. Ho heard chil dren's voices hero and :. there through open doors, or a conplo . of .matrons gossiping, sociably on "a" doorstep.' ' These wretched crcaturc3 seemed almost- happy in spite of their poverty. It gavo liiin. an angry feel ing ' to think that it was so';- that so little was needed for happiness, and that ho had missed it. i i He "turned presently into h! darker and lonelipr street than the rest, and where there were more empty houses and an air of deso lation more profound than anything lie had scon elsewhere, Yet the'.housea were better ahdjarger than those iii the neighborhood, with little bits of garden' ground -'before thcin. ' . , , " : Here all was . so silent that Philip Rayner could hear the -low suppressed sobbing of a child. who stood- .op thq opposite side pf the f b.-ul;, , looting "doiyn' , at' soriethiiiL' ' on 'the , ground, witli clasped hands, a Humble image of despair'. Ho was hot a hard-hearted man in a general, way, and' 'could hot witness a' child s distress quite .unmoved. . Ho. crossed' the street quickly,' .andiwent -np; to tho child. Slier was a, small delicatc- loQkiiig girl, .with an' air of shabby; gcsntility, and ; , a,, pale' tlipughtfuUittlo.fnco ; a girl who' might liavd bcoivany age from eight to twelve. ; --"'WHafis thii'instter; ' mjr child ?" Philip a3kpd. kindly, , ' i \- "Tlie- modieino,'.!'siri;i the medicine for mamma," , the girl answered,' -still looking dowii at thhground. 'vv'here. Pliilip now per ceived tlie relics of a broken bottle. It is veryparticdlar, and verj' deari I had to firtch it from the jfii'eniis's, and it slipped out of my-band spinehbw just as'l livas close to home, - mid yet I meant to be so careful. . 0 'dear, dearyVlear, -hat 'ean I'dpi?" ' 1 ' "iyiiy,, leave offcfyiril'tb jbo sure, my' -litllei -maiden; . and -get-: anothor bottle of meflieine.-i -That "is- the, 'bostj tiling to be. done," . , , ( ' '" ' ' -:- ,i ,.f' Rut tIid1iiipnoy, Bir. I.ioughtn't tei say. -siicli tliinj-to-a-8tranger,-bnt-it was tlie' last tliere'was in' thofilouse. ( There's ho 'mbrS iAw'iyill'!liqye'-<cibgd'without the..uiedi-> pipeiiMid .eHfl's aqiyeiyi<vcry ilf.'D "r: inn: aJd i.i'fl.Tliat, shevshau not, little 1 one., Come, ladk tp tHe"ehbtpi?f'IWith'im,j dgd lfjliii'd-; 'defttyhpLiDijoliiy 'fpiEm','g ; « .-.wii-. > liii.O.!wiUi'iyou.,Teyi;;'sir!?r i Ho» good,1- Howvoiy gooiM'''-) , >i ,, ,, . .The girl (caspcd libir -'Hahds; -apd -Jookdd uji a't' bini.withv a.: rapturoua | face. They wcrp ptanding ju>t,,under the solitary laimf' of the street. Wliaf was it in" tlie "little,' one's" facer that .moved him with asud- dop th'rilj.F, SonietHing, a look;1 ah '- air,:' thaf brought, -rbaek,,. another !fdee,'''s'eiclom abicut from him., now; 'r And jjet.. there . .was. no special likeness between - those two faces. The girl's eyes were blupi jher hair a pale ahbnni< 1-Iti was. m expression, alpno .that she could1 resettllile Catherine Paroldiliiu the -do-, cline of her beauty; But tho""cxp'rasrion waB ' .th«ria',pltip.'tO(> doh that went ' straight t6this Hpart;/,)"; And Ho had no reason to i steel.hie mind- against'!i thia j:hiljl. Hp ' iplght indplge the'faneifulIoelingfiicfiTiiiaif vague spmptuing'm Her, looks had awakened" iuhim- ; ho might He kind-to this poor waif and stray, without' any derogation from the dignity of his hatef ' y : ; " It ,wa8 rather' a long walk to the high road where tlie chemist lived, and he, had , plenty of tims to atndy - the little creature who" walked so patiently besido. him, looking up 'inhis face and answoring all his questions, with a meek- gratitudo that touched' him profoundly: ' It was so small a thing tliat he Was doing ; a matter of 'a 'couple of shillings, perliaps, at most. How friendless the poor must needs be, when snch a trifling service aeeined so much tO thorn ! , .The; girl was eleven years old, the eldest of the family.- There were three other little "one's at home, two girls and a .boy. . . Papa's name was Turner. Ho had bcen veiy mii fortunate, could not get a situation in tin city, and was earning a very little now by writing for some obscure newspaper. He wa'. very clever, the child said, but not so good as. mamma. And poor mamma had felt all the trouble so much, and it hnd made her very ill. It was her heart, tho doctor said. . . All thi3 the little girl told hjm with childish frankness, 1 and; yet | with . the womanly tone of a child, whom hard ex perience has made older than : her years. They found 1 tho chemist's shop still open, had the prescription - made np : again, and thou Philip Rayner, loth to lose sight sf the little girl just yet, or to Ieavo 'licr unpro tected in the streets, went bock with her. She entreated him earnestly not to put him self out of his way on 'her account. She was quito accustomed- to be out as late as that, she said ; but bo would take no denial, and went homo .with her, impelled by n strange .curiosity to boo tho place where she lived. ) She led him into the parlor, a hare wretched-loqking,rooml though it was clean, and there had .evidently been some feeble attempt to make things comfortable. Tho furniture was of tho scantiest and tho shabbiest a; . rickety-looking ' Pembroke table, and: three or four dilapidated cane 'chairs; :i That was all. An unkempt servant maid, a .more girl of fifteen "or so, emerged from tho back premises as they wont into, the little passage, carrying a tallow candle, by the light of which Philip Rayner took bis first survey of the parlor. It seemed ns if the child divined the meaning of that look: , " It's not our furniture," sho said; "that was taken away for the rent more tluui a month ago. Some kind neighbors lent us these things, 'and the -landlord lets na stay till tho house is let ; ' when it is, we mu3t go." ' "AVliat a time you've been, Mtss Mary !" exclaimed tlie servant, .looking rather curiously at . the unknown! visiter. "Your mar has '-been frightened about you." ,. .. . "Iliad an accident with tlie: medicine, Sally. I shouldn't havo beep ablo to bring any at' all, but for this ' gentleman's kind ness." , . . . ... . . . ; The unkempt handmaiden, who was evi dently of a soft- lieartod nature, throw up her hands and stared at tho. stranger with goggle- eyed admiration. . " It's not many friends yon've got, poor child, gooduca.3 knows," sho said. "It's well thore's. some can feel for you." '. . "Aiid inamma!",. asked tho littlo Jgirl eagerly. ".Has she -been better while 'l!ve been awaj% Sally !" ' "Sho's been very quiet," tho servant answered dubiously,- " but you know she's always that. Complaints never pa3S her lips. ' " And have the children slept: !" "Like tops, Miss Mary. I only wish you'd becii in: bed along of 'cm, as you ought to be at your age." " Yes;'' rosijdhded'Philip ; j" it's late for this poor child, to be about, "and sho seems a fragile littlo creature." "Ah, sir," replied tlie servant. .with a groan, . "if'yoii knew. what, that child goes through, and' bow paticnt sho is, imd wliat a head. she has, beypnd her years! She's kep tlie house together somehow, ) when things ninst all have gone to ruin but for lier. Aiul lis to mo— there, I haven't had a halfpenny , for wages or beer-money for the last six months, and have had hard words besides from , master, y-hcii'1 he's out of sorts. But, lor, I. haven't got the heart to leave her." ' ; "No, no, Sally dear, -you -oouldn't leavo: me," said the child, clinging to hor. , Philip liayner looked down at them, won dering' at' thoin and.at this ncwglimpse of life. . ,! The eliild was such.a littlo lady in the midst of hor poverty, had snch an air of grace ' and refinement in her, premature womanliness, that ho was more interested in her thau he could have believed' it possible for liim to bo in a creature eo far away from liiniself. He 'stood looking .."down at her, wondering what he coiild best do to lielp her, and as shy and awkward as if lie had found himself suddenly in the presence of a duchess. "I shall come back termorrew evening to inquire how your mamma is, Miss Turner," he said, " if you havo no objection." ' '.' Oj.no, no, indeed ; I am so grateful to you;!' - - : . Then he shnfiled out of tho place some- ho!iv, "eontri Ving as he .'departed to,. slip a half-sovereign into, tlie pahn.pf tlie slipshod' handmaiden. 'He -had a notion that:any- tbing given to the servant would bo for tho goseral benefit, ' and he could not, for tho lifo'of him; have offered money to tho cliild, although Bho had so freely confessed their poverty..;; . :t.: i ; :. He ithought of. hei' many times next!day in tho midst of his business, and at dusk drcivo'. to the hqiiso in. a cab, carrying nil manner of ' small,', luxuries! which he fancied might -lie of. use to the invalid ; a hamper containing half a dozen bottles of the choicest ,iyino iiilii3,q!ollar,,a.baskp,t)of rarii'Kot-hoiisc grapes,!- a-'paekago of superfine tea, ..some tin cases of preserved , soup. ' This --sen sation of doing something personally for tho good of another, was quite. a new feeling' to him, and seemed to give a zest to his life; Perhaps ho hod felt tho utter loneliness and- U3clessnes3 of :his long blank evenings more than lie had ever confessed to himself. . Ho was not content even with tsking these tiling to tho invalid,- but catching sight of a gay-looking, fancy repository on- lus way. 'through' the " H'orOiigli, stopped the Cab and alighted to buy.a glittering .workbbx foii hia little favorite. It might not bo: of -much use ito.her,'. .but it .would please her-;; ho was sure of that. ; -He found the parlor very neat and clean, a/little' bit of . firo burning ' 'brightly in tho sipalligrate, aiid ,Mary Turner a't'work'liy the- light of one tall candle, ; which, made, her lOuk very smah. ' -He -was evidently ex- pieeted,' and sho flushed, with' plciisoro when the ..moid announced huh as " thb' strange gentleman." - ' - ' ,Bnt (Udiat was 'this "compared with her rapture iyhen she. saw the -treasures he had brought her '!. the wine — "O;' 'sir,1'' sho cried with clasped' -hands, " the doctor has said so often that -maninut bUgHt'tO'havOlwiiio,: aud we could: i\'6't! gjW; it to'hbiTYpii'are like an angel bomo, 'down; from heayeii ! . 'iu t>. i :.'.'Auditlicn'. ithei-fruit,' ,big purple grapes, W.itb "a' -polvdord bloom upon, thein;,,. and 'thim'-thc."t6a.'''i>6'or inamma wns-po, fo'ijd of:te» -; ,it wns the only thing slie really did care for,. and the tea they got in tliat.ncigk- borliond' 'ws 'so .bad, ; ana often" thoy bad. becii;' 'obliged' to' go without ,auy.. - -rioiv should. i alio ever thank him enough? she askd i A' licF delight. . ;u cii,,.. ' ' 1,1 1 'dupib waiit ahy thanks!' It is a great pletaiire: fia:ntOto. be I able to dthi smal iervice'.'foi" you; " I'. would xlo mbHi /inbye,' .'i'-! y1,-/"'-!!! ' ' «' ' ' i i.stayed.i .ihere "! somo time; saw Met x '"'O'pOil ta onA' iff' tlie : wno-bottles .dpfy— they ,h,mi!fiwl( to .send to a neighbor to > glass with tile '- rich ogolden-hued I -Madeira, and then place 'M plate with va-few-grepes-, on a little, ,ti;ayur,bppidp'.,t,,..tcj'' , carry, upstairs to her mother- . He waited.- to hear, how mamuia had-taken'the -wine— it lind been great work to!.! make bor,';d.Hnk''it''all,'liit was so strong, 'arid'; good— and., how!!sbe'i hpd admired the grapes ; and how she 'tliankod him for 'liis gbbcliiesswith'all hbr 'heart; And then lie gave, Miry her!w6rkbbx,"'anjd, saw her blue eyes- opened to .their : widest - as . sb o,. admired the precious mother-of-pearl -fitting,' "and the dainty 'quil ted blue silk."" " t n-.n ; : :" Y!ou,.1qquldn't .have .given! ihb'ft bctter present,.'! she said;'. "1 have a grbat' ilbikl.pf Work tO'do, for i make all the things for my, little brothers and sisters.-" ' " Shoiniight. better liave said slio. mended alLAha_tMiUB._tog there wa» mueh'; more mendin"gthan'makiirg-to' be done in that establishment.' - ' ; >. " What have I done to deservo such kind ness; from ,.you ?!' shei cxelaimeil, .gazing at her .open: workbox-in a rapiture of - content: -meiit;'';"--. '" Ybubavo'bncountercdmiafortunehobly," he.answered. ' 'She looked at bim wonderingly ; it seemed such a strange' thing to her to boi praised and rewarded for doing what it was so haturiil for her to do. u .i: ' Before: he left her he coatrivedto aaeertain tlie address of the landlord, and called upon, liim before going home that night. "The man was - a small' publican in , tho neighbor hood, and gave Mr; Rayner "tho history of his tenants readily enough. ,. Thoy had occupied , his lipase, pearly two years, and. had paid Hieir rent pretty well for the, -first twelve taotithay/but after; that Had got altogether behindhand, so that he had been obfiged to send in a broker and Bell them up. ' ' "But after I'd done it, I hadn't" the heart to tnm them ont, sir," said the land lord. "That child, the eldest girl — a slip of a creature, but with a woman's spirit in her bit of a body — begged and prayed of me, and the mother was ill, and so on, and I let 'cm stay. 1 haven't even made an attempt to let the house, though 1 told the girl they most go when it is lot. The mother's a good soul, I believe, and worked at her needle like, a galley-slave till she fell ill. The fatlier ian't much good ; an idle sconndrel, I fancy. Ho was clerk somewhere in. the. " city when they took the house, but he. lost his sitnation somehow a year ago,' and now lie's on some newspaper, not earning much over a pound a week. There's no margin for a man to pay back dobts in that." No, Fiultp liayner was fain to confess that there is not much margin for anything in a pound a week, after food and raiment for a family have bebu provided ont of it. What was he to do, for these people? It was all veiy well to indulge his sympathetic feeling for the little girl, but ho didinot want to 'do anything quixotic, or to burden himself with the maintenance of an un known pauper household for "tlio rest of his days, lio wanted to bo prudent, anil yet to help them. . "I don't think you'll loso by your kind ness in the 'long-run,", ho said to th!o land lord. " I shouldn't like theso people to be turned adrift, not while tho mother's ill, at nny rate ; and'I should be glad to pay you a quarter's rent: -in advance, dating from to night, to secure them threo months' shelter, leaving the arrears in sUUu quo. " : "That's kindly, sir," "answered-.tho man, "andl'magreeablo." : . So Philip Rayner paid liim something over a five-pound note, "and took a formal -receipt' for a: quarter's rent of 11 Belviderb- atreet, East Walworth. , . As lie drbyb honio that flight, he remem bered tho existence of some spare furniture stowed away in a lumber room at the top of his house substantial old-fashioned- stuff, good old'.bbdding, sorno faded damask cur tains, excellent in its why but superannuated and put aside some fifty yeare ago, when the best bedrooms had been refurnished in the unlovely fashion of the Regency. He wasnp in , this lumber' room aqjd;iybrenk, making a selection from tbqsq. stores, "arid on his. way to the office ordered a carinan' he sometimes employed to take the things he hnd chosen Jo l?elvidere-3trcet that afternoon, but, as ho valued Mr. Rnynor's custom anil goodwill; the man ' was to bo sure and hold ills tonguo ns to where and whom the things came from: !' 1 want to. help some peoplo in reduced circumstances, and don't wont to give them a claim on' nibiri the future," he said ; " you are a man! of tlio world enough' to under stand that; I'm oure, Potts." When. Philip Riiyner went to Walworth in tiie evening— and it seemed to him the: most natural Iking in : the world for him to go there— ho -found: the parlor made quito splendid by. means of. these superannuated cliairs" and tables " which! . lio r liad . fonrid in tho lumber- room.-j.Mary .and tlie faithftil, Sally had . been busy ever - since , the goods arrived, arranging and re-arranging. - There was a long narrow, couch -by theifireplace; a couch of strictly classic form,.. .and., tho hardest thing imaginable in conches ; but to Mary's fancy, upholsterer never devised anything more elegant and more luxurious. There was a solid; table instead of tho rickety, Pembroke," ,.a comfortable ; squiirq arm-ehaii for pupa to sit in. of a morning \yhcn he wrote. v. . ., 1 "Tlio curtains arc up in mamma's room," cried Mary ; ! " thoy mako it so warm .and comfortable,. and there were sueh draughts before. Of qoufso the things come from you ; I havo hot oven wondered about them, it's liko tho story of Aladdin, and. you are thb genius of tho lamp." Ho stayed with hor for: two horns or more that ovoning, hearing her half- womanly talk about this furniture. It was . a delight- to her to tell him" her little old-fashioned ar rangements,. it was a delight to him toiistcn-. Discovering - by chance that tH6'dbvoted Sally was in tlio habit'of, spending her even ings with her young mistress, there being no fire in the kitchen, and that apartment being moreover pervaded" tel a peculiarly audacious species of black beetle, which made nothing of human presence, but rioted .at its plea sure ' after nightfall; lid insisted that his yisits sbould cause no alteratibji in this cus tom. Upon1-' which,' with much hesitation, "Sally wus .-induced: .to appear, aind took her seat by the fiirth'ermost corner ofitlio table, provided: with!jsqm£thiiig /rathefr formidable inithoway of-ueolloW'ork. -.u \- ' " You seby piipft'Is nover at j home of an ,o veniiig; " "Jvlai-y said, , in , , oxplonation of ' ' this arrangement. - "He is obliged to "be .'at tlie newspaper office every night," | .,. "And then: Slie wont pii to. tejll Philip .how grateful lior! fatfie'r was for his goodness/, and -how glad he should be to: have any opiior- tunity of thanking "liim in person;- < which kind of domoiistiiation'.rbilip Rayner, who was by reason of his lonely habits one of tlie 'shyest of men, Was religiously determined to escape;" If he had not been secure of finding . Mary alono of an eveiug, bis visits to Belvidcre-street' would ha.ve speedily ceased. ' '.'Bnt'Maiy Ms al ways alone, and he came night after night. lie had begun even to wonder what he'should do with his evonings when there: iv;as ' no/longer any excuse for his coming. .Very . rarely did he appear empty- linnded, and -ho-' exhibited a maryel- lous ingenuity in the .'judicious selection a'iid \- variety of his. offerings. The younger ohildren hail, been presented to him, and be catered for tlieir small 'ltants. Aith an almost" child- liko delight in. childish'; "things. . It was so new to bim to bu (interested in any human creature, so nbw for liim to live, out of him self. ; .But lie qbver gave Mary money. It seeined.to liim that" to"i;doi that would have been to vulgarise 'their friendship!. . He slipped aliboral dohafioiijnto the servant's hand from time' 'to 'time;' and bo could sue, by tholinereased! comfort. andorderj of ali things' -irt-tbe house;- tliot hib gifts w eri> romployddj- 'as ."lie' .liqdliuiqiefPJitjy would b'o" ,'fop- the' . gchcnil!g6qd.!iii,'ii"i.?,;' i"':" j ' ' Of -'eoursb hb'.hqaid di-eat deal about Mis. Tunier. ,i?! hi int'iriiaey"iiicreased— how hbbly she hail borne, their- poverty, How patiently she' had1-' 'worked, -now 'giving music 'of 'sing ing Ibssbijs' for the' 'fln'all recompense to be obtained in : a poof, locality, now toiling in cessantly at'-lier -needla. She was very qlcver, tho :girl'sitid;;;iind papa too, and yet- they hqd: found it so 'Hard to live Ho heard. 'all about her slowl progress from a state of- utter prostration ' towafds recovery, and liqw. , Hopeful Uiq dpQteq tlikind.dpidpf ' .who'liail.ii gTCftipfaotibo mi thelCainjierwell-' Yoh'dj'andiydtOarilb 'tortlicm tlirOO -timtls ' week withohk'MU;"fbb:;.ud j si) tlie"tini!b!. went on, till l'hilipnadl.known hlary'iiiore than a month,-. -and :M!rs.: Turner was now! strong enough tb sit ilp' a' littlei in. the carly part of cViOry.dqyjj.juia.'iWqld soon, be able to .come downstairs.em %"-.-'.-x-"-.'ri. j '.. "And when .she -doos-comb' doWii, "jrou will', 'lot' hqf'"tli!dik you,1 'woidt yori Tl.'tho: child pleaded. " You -won't avoid ior. as you .havo xavoidOli- papa." It; was "ijfi'njxl thing'Irtr phllip Iiayimr to say yes, but-.tho. cliilq .sebm'eil! 46' 'have set her heart, nppn tins busihbss and I10 could iioV refu'se 'to 'ploa9e:liur;;,i',- ' "-fl | .,,.-...,1 , "''I'dbn'i want'. aiiy tljanks,, my dear," ke said.; ',' what ! liiivo dono' has been ihme for my: oivn plcaaure.'i/'-Jhjt— but if 1 you t'e.ally wil: it'/Tshl'-lie' flippy to see your mainma." j -. .In all . this liihe liouhaili never toldoMjuy. his nainoi'of' abode. If he bad-beeniindoed thb' geiiius. of . thor,lajnp, sho Woiilfl "lia,vb' khpwn!,,as.,hmcli ,ahpqt' his wo|dlyt.jipreum> stances as sho know now — nor had the child ever evinced ' the, faintest curiosity. It seemed her. nature to lib p. lady. At last tlio iinpsftarit day came. Mamma was well enough to spend an afternoon down stairs. Thore was tohe a little tefthlrinking in honor of' the 'eveiit, and Philip- -Ray ner had . consented to- como much earlier than usual in order to - assist at this cere" moriial: -He had to leave business before his usual: time, and- to go without his dinner, in order' to do this ; but he 'thought nothing of those small sacrifices. He felt nothing but a sense : of - shyness in, being prcs'euted' to a stranger whom he hiid benefited. .1 He found Mary watching for him at the garden gate, "bleak arid cold as .the. weather was, without shawl or bohnpt, 'and with her palo auburn : -hair- blowing iii ' tlio '.wintry i . -- 1 1. - : wind. She clapped her hands joyfully when Ae ti# Mim? ;. . o rp "Everything is ready/" she siiid, "and the parlor looks so nice, mamma won't know it; Shell think the fairies have been really at work. Come and sec. She's not down yet. lint is to come down in a few minutes," Yes, the parlor looked very snug and com fortable. Such a ruddy little fire; such sparkling tea-things, Britannia metal polished till it was brighter than most people's silver; and muffins and -marmalade, and unheard-of luxuries of that kind, and an all-pervading odor of tea and toast, Tlie inexorable classic sofa was wheeled close to .tho fire ready for inamma ; papa was not nt homo— that nows- papcr absorbed a great deal of his time. l'bilip Rayner took his seat where Mary told him, in the post of honor opposite tho invalid's sofa. Her radiant joyons face moved him deeply. To think that such small things could give so much happiness, and that he had missed it. That was always the burden of his thoughts at sucli times. lie sat wnere sue pinccu mm, waiting lor tno convalescent's appearance. Presently there came the sound of a light feeble step upon the stairs,' then tlie faint rustling of a woman's dress, and then the door was opened softly, an! a lady came in. Tall, and slim, and palo, with great dark eyes. lie started to his feet with a loud cry : " Catherine !" Yes, it was she ; not tho bright Catherine of liis youth, but the wan faded woman who had flashed past liim in the city street — faded, and yet most beautiful to him in the wreck of licr loveliness — the woman he had sworn to bate, whose face be had prayed God ho never might look upon again. Sho echoed bis cry faintly, and tottered a few paces forwards ns if sho would have fallen at his feet ; but he caught kcr in liis arms, and held bcr to his breast, looking down at licr with a tender smile. !. " Catherine," lic'said, "do you remember the first time 1 kissed you ? One more, my love, only once more," and he presses!/ his lips upon, tho pale careworn forehead. "There was selfish passion in that first kiss. Remorse and forgiveness are in this;" After this there came explanations ;, and sho told her cousin of tho oyil.dayB that hail fallen upon her since her marragc, and how, in the last placo where they lived, they had been so deeply in debt and so utterly unablo to pay, that- they biul been fain to leave by stealth, and to enter a now neighborhood under an assumed name, lest their creditors should follow them. There were no words needed to tell how bitter this had been to tho woman's honorable mind, or how the man's character bad deteriorated before it came to this. She spoke of him with un varying love anil gentleness, but Slio did not pretend that lie bad been blameless. "I think he might havo done better if bo had had one friend to help liim," she said plaintively ; " but lie had none. We wore quito friendless." , "He shall have a friend in future," Philip answered promptly ; " he shall como back to- my office. He lias formed bail habits, pcr- -haps-nercr mind,. Catherine, we "will' euro liim" of thorn. It" was 1 who turned 'him adrift; ! owe him an ' atonement. His debts shall be paid, and he shaU come to mc on better terms than when lie left tlie firm ; and yon, niul Mary, and the little ones, must have a pretty cotfago farther away, sonic-, whuro in the country, where my sweet pale lily- will blossom into a rose." B Ks ..laid bis baud tenderly "upon, the eliild'sbead. "My darling," he. said, "I think my. love for you has made me it hew mnn." . Nor did his love for her chango. Sho was always the delight of his life, and in tlio days to come, Mary Tolson became a great boiress, the beloved adopted daughter of that man. whose favorite boast had been that, he was "a good hater," 1 