PARLiAJlEK T. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Thursday. September 11. The Speaker took tlie chair st twenty eight minutes past 4 o'clock ANSWERS TO QUESTION'S. Mr. SUTHERLAND said, in answer to Mr. Maoleay, that toils have been ordered from England for the rail way extension from Goulburo to Yass ; the order was sent on the 13th July last. 2 6600 tons were ordered. 3. The rails are to be delivered as follows :— 1000 tons within four months from the date of si«n;Dg contract. 1000 tons during tach succeeding month for a period of fire months, and COO tons in the tenth month. 4. The description and weight of rail is single-headed rails, weigbiBg 701b per yard. Mr. SUldJSBlja.wjL-, in aniwrer 10 »ir. muceay, said, that at the time when the office held by Mr. J. 11. 1 human was abolished, he was offered nn appointment as a railway trial em veyor, with a salary of L300, and an engagement allowance of L200 a year; Mr. Thomas declined to accept this Bitnation, and the Government hive no other to offer. Mr. SUTHkKUND, in answer to Mr. MaoTeay, said that the timo allowed to the contractor for the completion of the railway from Goulbnrn to the neigh b?urbood of Yasa is until the 31»t December, 1^75. Mr. SUTHEBLaND, in ans«cr to Mr. Nelson, said that the enrveye of the Great 'Western lino, from Bathurst to Orange, are not completed. 2. No decision, in regard to whether the Government wi 1 adopt the line passing through Blayuty, can be arrived at until the completion of the surveys. ? 3. The plans, &c; . will he laid upon the table of the House in about six weeks. i. The Government intend to invite tenders for the construction of the ;ine as soon as the plans and sec tions are ready, which will be cot later than January next. Mr. PARKES, in answer to Mr. Buchanan, said tha* he did not find that there was in his office any corres pondence whatever in addition to that already laid before Parliament, in reference to the Eegietrar General refusing to place the Rev. Mr. Carrey -upon the )igt of persons authorised to celebrate marriages. There was correspondence relative to Mr. Curreyof a different nature to that asked for. MDDGEB ELECTORATE. Mr. SPEAKER announced the return of the writ Issued for the election of a member for Mudgeo, with the naure of J. Q. O'Connor, as the successful oandi date, endorsed thereon QTJESTION. Mr. CREED asked the Colonial Secretary whether any member of the Government authorised thepubli cation of the following statement in a paper published at Tamworth, on 6th September, 1873. The statement was a postscript to a letter written to the paper by nn hnn momberof the Assembly, and ran-'* No snobs from Tamworth, when visiting Sydney, will be granted an interview with any member of the i»d uiinistration, .without having first obtained persutsion anil card of introduction fiotn me Uanley Bennett.' Mr. PARKfcS said that he had no knowledge of the important communication, which the lion member had just read. (Laughter.) . PAPERS. Mr. Lloyd laid on the table Funded Stock Begn Iation presented to Parliament pursuant to Act 36 Viet. No. 21, sec. 11 : and papers relating to Customs Beizure of goods at Wagga Wagga. Mr. SUTHERLAND laid on the table Road Trust Accounts for the half-year ending 31st December. 1 O'7O Mr. FARNKLL laid on the table returns showing the amonnt of rent and sgistment fees or charges received by the trustees ol the Parramatta Park from let January, 1665, to 3lBt December, 1872, and the ex penditure by the i trustees dining that period ; also, ad ditional regulations under the Crown Lands Occupa tion Act of 1861, and Amendment Act of 1873. The documents were ordered to be printed. NEWSPatfER POSTAGE ABOLITION BILL. Mr. PAKKES broutht up a bill to abolish postal rates on newspaper*!, and moved that it be read a first time. The motion was agreed to ; the bill was icad a first time, ordered to be printed, and the second reading made an order of tho day for Wednesday next. Mr. WEST rose to spe«k upon the bill, but was ruled out of order by the Speaker. APPLICATION OF BAL&NOES.; Mr. SPEAKER informed tho House of the receipt from tho Auditor-General of copies of minutes of the Governor and Executive Council, authorising, under the 18th section of tbe Audit Act, the applioati ;n of balances from one head of service to supplement votes for another. 'J be document -was ordered to be printed. ELECTIONS AND QUALIFICATIONS. The SPEAKER Inid upon the tab'e Bis iiarrant for the appointment of a committee of elections and qualifications. PRACTICE OF THE SUPREME COUBT. Mr. BUTLER moved -That this House will, on Wednesday next, resolve itself into a committee of tbe whole, to consider the propriety of bringing in a bill to consolidate and amend the liw Respecting the procedure and practice of the Supreme Court in its Equitable and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, and in matters of lunacy and infancy. Jlae motion was agreed to. CRIMINAL LAW. Mr. BUTLER moved— That this House will, to morrow, resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to consider the propriety of bringing in a bill to consolidate and amend, in certain respeoU, the criminal law. The motion was agreed to. THE INSANE. Mr. PARKES moved-That this House will, on Wednesday nerfc, resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to consider the expediency of bringing in a bill to consolidate and amend the law relating to tbe insane. The motion was agreed to. WAThRFRONTAGK, TVOOLLOOMOOLOO BAY. Mr FARif ELL moved for leave to bring in a bill to authoriso certain grants of land to be made by way of compensation for Iossor of water-frontago in Woollco uiooloo Bay. The motion was anoed to. IMPORTED STOCK AOT. Mr. FARNELL moved— That this House will, on Wednesday next, resolve itself into a committee of toe whole, to consider the propriety of bringing in a bill to amend the Imported Stock Act of 1871. The motion was agreed to. - MINING BILL. Mr. FARNELL moved— That this House will, »n Wednesday next, resolve itse'f into a committee of the whole, to consider the propriety of bringing in a bill to make better provisions for the regulation of mining. The motion was agreed to. DIVOROE. Mr. BUCHANAN moved for leave to bring in a bill to amend tlie law relating to divorce. The motion was agreed to. The bill was brought up, read a first time, ordered to be printed and the eccoud reading made an order of the day for to morrow. LAW O? EVIDENCE j Mr. BtTCBANAN obtained leave to bring in a bill to t amend the law of evidence in civil and criminal cases. The bill was brought up, read a first time; ordered to be printed, and the eecond reading made au order of the day for to-morrow. GOLD-FIELDS. Mr. EUCHAN AN moved -That the House will to. morrow resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to consider tlie propriety of bringing in a bill to amend the laws relating to gold fields. The motion was agreed to. FBIENDLY SOOIE1TES BILL. On the motion of Mr. PARKS?, tho Speaker left the chair, and the House resolved itself into a ooinmittee of the »hole,to consider the expediency-.of bringing in a bill to consolidate and amend the law relating to riendly and other mutual benefit societies. Mr PARKED moved thtt it was desirable to bring in n. bill to consolidate and amend the law re'ating te friendly and other muluil benefit societies. He explained that a bill having thU object had passed the legislative Assembly in three successive sessions, but tbe bill he was introducing was of a more comprehe;sive character. It was passed,,through the Upper House last session, bat too late to be introduced in the Assembly. The motion was agreed to. ? The CHAIRMAN left the chair, and reported the reso'ution to the House. The report was adopted. HISTORY IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS. Mr. BUCHANAN moved— ?? That, in the opinion of this Bouse, the non- teaching of hi«tory in our Pub'ic Schools is a defect well calculated to impair the useful ness and efficiency of our system of pnh'.ie education. That the Government shou'd forthwith adopt mean' by which instruction in History shall be imparted in all schools snbsidUed by the ? tato.pwtieuuirly the History of England. That the above reso'utions bo comnmni eated bv address to his Escpllency the Guvernor ' I ast session be hid moved a similar re o'ution, and a very stio lg opinion was expressed in the House in favour of it. The Government moved the previous question No division was called for, iu consequence of aconfusion as to tbe way in which the question was put He inuc'i | regretted that there was no divi. Ei-n taken, and he now took the first opportunity to put thn resolution again before the House. It was only lost eession that he became aware of the monstrous omissions, in our public school system, of the most important part of all knowledge. The moment he found out this omisBion be took thosn in whom he was interested from the publio school where they were being educated, and sent them to a school where history was taught. He knew of several people who would not allow their children to go to a public school where history was not taught. And this omis sion was made iu deference to a sectarianism which ruled Onr Governors and Governments, It awakened a sense of wrong done to the youth of this country, by keeping from them tho history of the glorious achieve ments in arms, in arts, in knowledge oE England. The history of England is the history of the world * lme*t all literature ia obscure to the mind uninstructed in history. They found such men as Gibbon, Hume, Smollett. EobertBon, Froude, Carlyle-in short, the greatest of human intellects— had selected hi tory to exercise their genius upon them. Th»y wero rearing up all the children who went to the public schools in dead ignorance of all that gloriou* history. They- ought to demand that the schools should incu'eate into their young minds a knowledge of tho «reat events of history. Let their young minds be 'amiliarised with this study as car'.y in their lives as possible' Let a sound e'ementary abridged hiatory ol England be adopted by the Council of Education, and taught in al our publio schools. The result wiil be, that all those exciting themes of hiatory wou'd arouse hem to a curiosity concerning the events of the past and they wou'd come out of the public school with a fair knowledge of tbe names of the mon&rchs; who have reigned in England, and of the great events which marked their reigns, and oE the examples of heroism and levntioninscribedonalmostevcry pnge. Then they would recur to itiu after life, and master the difficu t problems of English history. This was the object he had in view. Who would attempt to undervalue historical knowledge? Thry found that tho greatest intellects of the a»e, such Bien as Car'yle, Buckle, Macaulay. devoting their lives to the prodm: ion of a great history. Bueklo, if he had lived, would 1-. wo produced a work that would have been the wonii-r of this age and of many agei to come. His fragment filled one with wonder and admiration at the genius of the man who conceived it. But our children in the pnblic schools were acquiring no knowledge of thesj events, as to how the British constitution was fabricated— how Eng land rose from barbarism to the highest position in science and art. Was ever anything more melan choly tnan that knowledge was to be insulted, and our children kept in ignorance, in defnrenoi to a wretched sectarianism ; becanso there were Roman Catholics in this country, who wanted to keep their people in ignorance. Was the History of the Reformation not to be told in the pub'ic schools, because it would offend Roman Catholics ? He charged this, and all administrations, that they bad done wrong in deference to priestcraft. They had given a sop to this sect, and a sop to that sect. This sacrifice ef history was a sop to the Roman Catholics, because the Government were afraid of the influence of the Komai Catholic priesthood at the hustings. This Bamn fear pervaded tbe Gladstone Ministry, when they brought forward a University Bil, with history excluded, in order to conciliate tho priests. [Mr Paekes : Nevertheless, the priests defeated it.] Yes, because he did not go far enough for tho -priests. But what did Mr. Gladstone do as a sop to the priests? He excluded hi«tory from the university, topleaEe them. But what did the House do ? There never was such a howl in Parliament as that aroused at this omis sion. The Chancellor of the Exchequer was put up to tell the House that tho ? gagging clauses worn a ne withdrawn But so great was the indignation of the British Senate, the House of Commons, that the bill was defeated. The priests wanted to have tho whole and sole control of that University. And because this was not given to them, they opposed the bill. The Liberals of the House of Commons voted against Mr Gladstone, because he had mntiUtea human learning Joy excluding history from the University. The Govern ment had prostrated tbemBe)v°B before the priests of Ireland, by proposing a University that mental philosophy and history were to be excluded from. It was degrading to the House of ' Comm ns. The whole of England was up in arms. Mr. Gladstone had shown bimBelf an utter coward in the Qovernmant of England— a man reckless of all principle, ready to serve Popery - if Popery wouid serve him, or any other mummery. The exclusion of history rendered the edu cation in the public schools valueless. Why conld not a Roman Catholic listen to the history of the ^battle of the Boyce r Was it a fact that the superstition which prevailed had become so gross, that even its priests rose up against it p And were such facts to be concoaled ? Were children not to be allowed to know that there was ever such a man as Luther ? Some time ago, two children in a benighted part of France, saw a woman appear before them in a blaze of diamonds, and she announced herself as the Virgin Mary. These two children communicated the eircum stance to two priests, who communicated it to the Pope, at Rome, and ho. in council assembled, issued a hull, requiring the Catholic Church to believe the circum stance related by tbe children, mat tbe female was tbe Virgin Mary. Some did not feel inclined to believe in the vision, but they were informed that whatever camo from Rome it was their duty to believe. No later than the other day one hundred thousand pilgrims had gone to the spot where the vision had appeared, to pay their devotions to the ground over which the apparition passed, and, he thought hon members would hardly credit it, three hundred French deputies were among them. The Radicals in the place, disgusted at the exhibition, maltreated them. He did not think anything conM be more Bcan dalous than that anyone should lend themselves to such an imposition, and yet it was in deference to such delu sions that we were to allow our children to grow up in ignorance of tbe history of their country. He conld eo into the library and produce the authority of tbe greatest man of the age, to show that a well-grounded knowledge of history was indispensable in the education of the youth of the country It was not to be tolerated, therefore, that this important branch of education should be sacrificed in deference to the priestcraft. If it wore offensive to lioman Catholic children to teach history in the pub'io schools, why should Protestant children be deprived of it; and why was it off:nsire to Roman Catholics? He failed altogether to see why it should be. It wa? eaid that Scriptare history was taught iu the schools, and though he believed in teaching Scripture, he did not hold with it beiner taught in publio schools, for ho believed that home and the Ohnrch and Sabbath schools were the proper places. Ho believ.d thoroughly in secular education in the pnblic schools. The non teaching of history was eo great a defect, that he did not think be had been loo string in his denunciation of it. Mr. PARSES said, if the time should ever come for history to be taught in our public schools, he hoped that the hon member who had just spoken would not have the direction of what shonld be taught, for tbe system he had proposed would not be productive of any bene ficial results. He was at a loss to understand a great deal of what the hon member had said What occasion had there been for introducing the Irish University Bill? Even when intro duced, it might have l-cen spoken of in fairness. The whole of the Liberals in the Houso of Commons with the exception of a few members, had voted for that bill l&Ir.; Buchanan : Tbat was after the gagging clauses nna Deen taKen out. J lie would line to know what 'good that was to the hon member (Mr. BuchananV) cause, or what good was gained by the introduction of the ladr in a blaze of diamonds. Neiiher could he see of what use were the hon gentle man's remarks upon sectarianism, on this occasion. The teaching of history was excluded from the schoob, for reasons sufficient to nearly all men in all parts of the ?world. CCaptaibONSLOW: Will the hon member state what those reasons are ?] If the hon member would allow him to speak, perhaps he wou'd endeavour to do so. History was excluded from the University created by the gentleman who was acknowledged to be the greatest map we had ever bad amongst us, and he hai been greatly commended for having done bo 1 Mr. iJOCHANAN: I dont suppose any « I us knew anything at all about that.J i That put him in mind of au admission of the hoc gentle man that he did net know that history was excluded from the public schools. [Mr. Buchanan: Hear, hear ; nor from the University either.! To a member of Parliament who could have made himself acquainted with the system of instruction in the pub'ic schools, it sure'y could not be very creditable not to know what was going on iu these pub'ic schools Suppose Parlia ment were to say that history ought to be tanght in the public schoo s : then arose the question, Whatis history f Mw of the first men now living had characterised his tories as gigantic tis'.nes.of falsehoods. Mr. Eingsley stated in public that the whole of the history received by the English people was a misrepresentation of the actual facts; and it is an undoubted circumstance tbat we have standard histories which give the most opposite representations of facts. Mr. Fronde's hUtory has been written expressly to con tradict the falsehood of others. Mr. Carlylo, or any such great teacher, will tell you that the only way to get a right knowledge of the history of England is, not by the books, but by tbe records of the counties and of the great families who have taken part in historical events, and from the correspondence between states men. Undoubtedly this is the only way in which a correct knowledge of history cau be obtained Jhy any one. If it were possible to obtain any ckvs-book ol Mafnrir which would fiive to our children an undoubted and unobjectionable outline of the history of England aud hUtory of the world, the addition of Buch teaching ns that woa'd be invaluable ; and no one more than the members of tho present Conncil of Education acknow ledge tbat it is a defect in tbe system of our primary instruction that no history can be taught. .This system of primarj instruction proposes to be a system of instruction the best in character that can bo obtained, paid for from the public revenue, and, therefore, paid for from the packets of all classes of the people of the country. Its advantages are held out in the largest and fullest measure to all classes, who contri bute towards tho payment, and in order tbat it shoula be availed of by nil classes, it is rendered free from all features of an objectionable character. How would it be possible when childern of the different sections of the Protestant Church, and children of Bomau fatholic parent?, and children of persons who do not come within tbe common pale of Christianity at all, are invited to partake of the system of primary education— how could it be but objectionable to teach oue version of history which to the parents of some of the children is detestable and untrue ? What cau be done until some unobjectionable class-boo'i of history can ba introduced ? He was one of those who rcsrretted that no class-book of history can ba taught ; and some years ago he introduced the subject into the .Council of Education ; but the moment the subject is broached, it u bsset with dif ficulties Who is to be responsib e for compiling such a history as would be acceptable p It has been found one of the rarest accomplishments among the range of «ducn.ted minds, to be able to compile an unexcep tional abridgment of history. There are very few in existence which are admitted into our regular schools, and very few which intelligent men wou'd recommend for adoption in their own families. Ther* could scari-ely be an objection to a history of this colony, which, he thought, wou'd be of more value, in the first instance, than any other hiatory. He did not seo why some history of tbe a ustralian colouies could not be compiled ; but the difficulty appeared again - who was to do it, and under whoso responsibility r Ho certainly did not think it ought to be done under the direction ot tue uouucu or jmiucauou auy u« tj y of that kind, that was likely to be a fruitful re presentation of the conrse of tvents, and to be gene rally acceptable, must emanate from some individual who has a true conception of what is wanted. The resolutions were objectionable, because they stated that the Government should forthwith adopt means by which instruction in history shall bo imparted in all schools subsidised by the State. The Government has no administrative power over the system of primary education. What has been done has been done by Par iament, and it was expressly provided that the whole direction of primary education should be in the hands of a body which Parliament created. The Government should interfere in no way whatever ia the administration of the pub'ic school grants. If tho Government did interfere, it would do so in direct trinlatinn of the lilW. I Mr. FOBSTEK: Wo. Mr. Buchanan : If they were backed by the authority of Parliament, could they not interfere F I The only way for rarliament to do was to paBB a measure amending the law. But these, resolutions won'-d in no way amend the law. to for as the English people are con cerned, wherever a system of public instruction exists, such as that which obtains here, history has not been taught, for tho reason . that no his tory can be found which would be accept able to all classes who are ;invited to send th'ir children to these schoo's. It h not taught in the national schools of Ireland, and the schools corres ponding to those. I Mr. Buchanan: It is taught under Forster's bill.] The schools supported under that bill are very much more denominational in charac ter than ours. He was not going to move the previous question, nor to vote against the first resolution, because ho admitted tho serious character of the defect ; but he intended to move an amendment, which he ven tured to think would commend itself to th? House. ie proposed that all tbe words atter the word House in the first line to the end of the first resolution, and the whole of the second resolution, be omitted, with a. I view to tho insertion of the words 4'the Government I should bring under the notice of the Council of Education the defect in the system of primary instruction, which is caused by the omission of tho teaching of history, and obtain a report from the Council on the subject, to be laid before Parliament ' Ry this means there would be obtained from the persons who-havo most experience in the countiy, who under stand the practical working of the school system, their reasons why they think it is incompatible with the work ing of the Bystem to introduce history in the public schooli ; or their opinions would be obtained whether they thought a modified system of teaching bUtory might be introduced. With this further knowledge before them, the House would take what course it then might think fit. Captain ON -SLOW thought it a matter for con gratulation that the Co'omal Secretary admitted that their was a defect in the syBtem of in etruction ; and the hon member for the |Westem Gol !-fields should allow the amendment to pass. The Colonial t'ecrotory had stated, that it was impossible to find a history which would be acceptable to all persons of the community. The same might be-said of any thing on which there is a difference of opinion. There is a difference between knowledge »nd tbe acceptance of knowledge. 1 here are numbers of Protestants in the community who believe that the Reformation waB a glorious event ; there are numbers of Roman Catholics: who believe the contrarv : and there ore numbers who do not know tbut such an event took place. Wbnt harm could it be to either Protestant or Roman Catholic children, to know that a certain thing called the Reformation took place f Certain leading facts in the history of the world are admitted by every one; but different constructions are put upon some matters. Nevertheless it was desirable that children should know these thing'. It was a lamentable thing that matters of fact are kept from the children who are growing up in this community ; and he was not at all sure that it was right to say that the Roman Catholics are averse to history being taught. He thought that history is taught in the national schools of Ireland— at all events, Scripture (history iB taught there. [M. Pabkbb : The same as here. I He believed that in all the Roman Catholic denominational schools here history is taught— Cobbett's History of the Reformation is taught, fhat book was certainly one that Prot stants would not like to have iaught. But ?till, why should not the mere fact of the'Ref rma tion having token place, or the occurrence of the Battle of the Boyne, be taught? There are hundreds of chil dren who simply know the battle as a war-cry. He firmly believed that the Council of Education could find persons to draw up a history, bnt, even if one of this colony were compiled, the same objections us to other histories might arise. Tho amendment proposed by the Colonial Secretary would be productive of some good. He (Mr. Onslo») was not quite sure that a select com mittee conld not be appointed with advantage. He thought there was a fault in the system of education, in trying to teach too many things, many of which would prove useless in after life lie hoped tho time would arrive when history, and particu-aily the History of England, would be taught in our schools, and admired by chi'dren yet unborn. Mr. FORSTBB was not quite suro that the hon member (Mr. Buchanan) bad been fairly dealt with in being accused of irrelevancy. He wa? in error when he stated that he (Mr. Forstcr) hod spoken and voted last session for a resolution similar to this one. His recol lection of what Ic hod said was, that he had spoken against remarks made by thehonmmbcrfor Kiama, who went the length of saying that history was not a necessary part of any education. fMr. Stewart : That is now written.] History may be taught even from false records in a way to produce a good effect npoH the minds which are taught. Sou cannot havo a perfi ct system of education if you do not teach history. It ia utterly impossible to instruct the infant mind without teashine history indirectly. He could not understand how the laws of the country were to be taught to the youths without imparting a certain knowledge of history. History could be tnught in such a way as to be of a far more beneficial tendency to the yoathfnl mind than any other system of teaching. He considered it would be necessary to include the teach ing of history in accurEe of University education ; hut in our primary schools it was open, in a minor degree, to the objections which had been raised ajainst the teaching of religion. He certainly did not consider the Council of education were teaching the highest branches, if they omitted both religion and history. Mr. PAEKES explained that the Council of Fdue*. Hon never intended the schools to be other than primary schools. - ' Mr. FORSTEE was glad to hear the explanation of the hon the Colonial Secretary ; but he thought the difficulty which exists in including religion also occurred iu a leaser degree when any otter branch of education was introduced . which gave any scope for controversy ordiffereuoe of opinioES. Be opined that the question as to what history should be permitted to be taught would be a most difficult question to decide What sort of a history should we have of the Kiama ghost story, if it were written under the instructions of the hon the Colonial Secretary? How would the case of O'Furrell be dealt with, if written by that hon gentleman ? Would he tell the world af rpsh that the Unfortunate man, before being tried for his life, and while confined to his coll, was induced Sy the hon the Colonial Secretary to make certain revela tioas and confessions, not knowing that a reporter was planted behind the door to n te down his confession, and publish it to the world the next day ? Would be, in this new and tru'hful history, state, that when the matter came before this. House, it was received with execrations from both sides F ((. heers ) I Mr. Paekes : No. no !j Of course he would not. He dare not mention it. Aud this shows the enormous difficulty of writing a political history -k this colony, and he thorougly repudiated the notion of a new-fangled history under the auspices of the present 51inistry. It may be that the present Government is not worse than their predecessors. )An hon member: Much worse!] But no Government could be trusted to write such a history of their own deeds as would obtain credence with the public. (Cheers ) For these reasons he thought it better for the House to adopt the motion of the hon the Colonial Secretary, in preference to that of the hon member for the Western Gold-fields (Mr. Buchanan). Bnt he repudiated the idea that it was illegal to thus interfere with the Council of Education. There was no die eality in the effect of the hon member's (Mr. Buchanan) motion ; bnt he thought the motion of the hon Colonial Secretary tie better course to adopt, and he should, therefore, support it. Mr. STEWART said that he listened to the speech of the hon member for Illawarra with some surprise and disappointment, particularly after what he (Mr, Stewart) had said in his favour a few days previously to eomeof his constituents at Kiama. He (Mr Stewart) thought it a grois injustice to attempt the higher standard of education in the public schools of the colony. It should be borne in mind that the majority of tbe children were only able to attend school till they attain the age of ten or twelve /ears, and the conse quence was that only the favoured few, who were &L; Owed H- attend scuooi uil buey were lvul u»u ui oi*«Bti years of age, wou'd benefit by the higher system of education which was aimed at. He questioned if there were many children who had acquired a thorough know ledge of grammar and arithmetic at the age of twelve when their attention was divided with half a dozen hi°ber subjects -such aa drawing, music, Latin and his tory It would bemoatdiffioulttoobtainareliable hUtory of England j for instance, they hod the violently con trodictory ones of Cobbett and Burnett* regarding the Reformation The hon member (Mr. Bnchansa) hoi said tbat all knowledge was fonnded on history. It was ridiculous to say this. ? ur first parents had know ledge, and that was long before there existed a history. There were many more important thingR to be acquired befor) they attempted history. For instance, th»y might be taught the geography of our own colony, and, more important still, a knowledge of the anatomy ] of the human frame. A very slight knowledge of anatomy might often save lire. He knew an instance ot a persou up tbe count y, who bled to death through in juries received, and nooue present seemed tj know bow to stop the flow of blood, which might eisily havo been acquired. Tb^ae, and other mutters generally u»eful, might bo taught before they attempted hiatoiy He scarcely knew how to vot« en the question. He cer tainly could not vote for the motion of the hon member for the Western Gold-fie'ds, whose motive in bringing it forward could be easily seen through If it were not f orbidJpn, ho did not. think that tho hon member (Mr. Buchanan) would have brought it forward. He thought that under the circumfitaHOFS of the case, there would bo no course open to him (Mr. Stewart) hut to vote for the amendment of the Premier. Mr. J. BOBE&ISON; thought that the motion was a very ill-advised one. Those who had given thn most attention to the desirability of a na'ional system of education, desired to have that kind of teaching which would enable all to be taught without raising contro versial subjects. Thui it was that religion was ex cluded, and it was for a similar parpoBO that history was excluded. It would not be easy to select bookt for teaching hUtory that would agree with all classes in the country. If auy ByBtcm of teaching history cou'.d ho proposed that would prevent people from differing, he should readily agree with it. Mr. WEST said, that he had at first intended to vote for tbe motion of the hon member for the gold-fields, but having heard the amtndment of the hou the Colonial Secretary, he thought he had met the question in a fair way. It was better, he considered, to leave the matter in the hands of the Council of Education, and it would only bs foolishness to prolong the debate any further. If history were offensive to any one, or would prevent ai y child from being educated, then, he would say, leave it out by all means. Mr. GAB.R 1'fT wished to make a few remarks in reference to what had been said by the hon the Colonial Secretary, and the hon member for Kiama. Both those gentlemen had said that the introduction of English : history into our public schools would tend to hamper tho teaching of the rudimentary subjects, f ir which the schools had been established lie (Mr. Gn ?&t;) was of opinion that if other subjects were inl educed, the children would become more perfect in the rudimentary branches They would not learn tberudimentary subjects any the less for knowing something of the ? hUtory of the country from which they had sprung. It wou'd add greatly to their advancement if the scope of their education were increased. The Colonial Secretary had paid, that the reason why we should not teach anything that would hurt the principles of any one, was, because a'l paid for the maintenance of the schools. Tho sam objection would apply to England, and yet history wan \ taught ia tbe schools there. He said that, in Ger many, the education in the scboo'H included history and other subjects, and they were there surprised that tho English people shonld be content with teaching little more than reading, writing, and arithmetic. The Colonial Secretary had said that the fita e in England did not underrate the teaching of history. [Mr. Pabees : I did not e«y fo. If the hon memher will give me an opportunity, I will tell him what I did say.] The hon gentleman had had one opportunity, and that was sufficient, HUtory wan taught in private £chocl-- throughout the country. [Mr. FobsteK: They are denominational schools.] ihey were not denominate ual schools. [Mr Parkgs : They are.] Many of them were not denominational schools, and the same rule might Apply to then as to the public schools. If any one objected to what was taught m the schools, their children should retire while tlie objection able lessons we e being -:ivcn. To exclude history, was to take away from the scholars the most useful light th&t; cou'd. be throun upon the path they were called upon to pursue in life Mr. PITZP AT u JCK thought that the hon member for Kiama had treated the subject in the most philoso phical way, and hid expressed a great deal of what he (Mr. Fitzpatrick) felt. ITc had a jjreat affection for the system of education iu operation iu this country, and be considered that those persons who tried to intro duce any clement foreign to thnt system were sot friends of the system. Ho thought we had achieved a mode of education that roiebt be envied by any country iu the world. It was infioilply in alvnnce of the sys tem in, EaglnnA— [Mr. Paukes : Hear, hear.]— and was one which they would he proud to copy. {_Mr Parkes : Mr. Foi-.-ur Enys so himself ] There was a great difference between England and this country. In England the vast majority of the people were of one religious persuasion -that of the Church of England— so that the teaching of history found favour with that majority. We have had, formany years post, a charter in this country which places everyone ou an equal footing in regard to religious matters, and that charter had been supplemented by tho very important public instrument, the school bill of this countrr, He thought the proper system of education was to give the greatest amount of instruction without creating any differences amongst the people out of doors. It was uudeni tble that it was greatly to be regretted that we cannot teach religion in onr pub'ic schools; font then comes tan question— What religion are you going ' to teach F Religion is the property of every m&n;'s conscience . and therefore you cannot teach it in the schools. History U the relation of facts in connection with the events of the world, and it is in this point that a mistake has been made. Whose history is te be taught f Would the hon member for the Western Gold-fields justify the teaching of Cobbett's history in the public schools, or accept Dr. Lingards hUtbry f Certainly he would not. Bo would object to the relation of facts by a hUtorian who gave a prejudiced view of these facts. You cannot go beyond a mere dry chrono logical statement of alleged events, if you want' to teach history without any injury. We are obliged to give up the teaching of the history of England, for the reason that it ib impossiblo to relate thn events of periods, such as that of the gunpowder plot, in a way to bfi acceptable to all people. If, in the desire to cultivate this branch of public teaching, there U intro duced an element which will off :nd a very large propor tion of the inhabitants ef the country, a great wrong U done to the people. The aim ot every true lover of the country should be ta let the present school system work for at least a generation. The true system of teaching U not so much to educate the children as to teach them to educate themselves. For these reasons he had come to the conclusion, ' that it was not possible te teach history in the public schools without giving great offence to a large number of people of the com munity. Mr. BUCHANAN replied. He eaid tbtt the re- ' marks which had fallen from tbe Colonial Secretary, auS the amendment he had moved, showed that he wu pretty well assured that tbe motion would have been earned by a majority of the members of the Bouse, if he bad not - moved the amendment. The Colonial Secretary acknowledged the deftct in the/system of : education by the exclnsion of history, anil lie (Mr. Bnchanac) was rarely jaetiSed' in believing- that the intelligence of the Souse was in favour of that opinion a'so. Be corrected some of the statements made by the Colonial Secretory in respect to hU (Mr Buchanan's) opening remarks, iu reference to the Irish University Bill, introduced into the British House of Commons, and to the teaching of bUtory in the Euglish public schools ; and dwelt at length upon the speeches of tho Colonial Secretary at Kiama, in reference to what he termed a wide spread authorised conspiracy and branch of the Fenian organization, but which was afterwards found to be a myth. In reference to the amendment he did not think it would be politic on his part to go to a division. He was, how- ' ever, astonished at the narrow-mindedness of the hon member for Kiama. It is certain that we have occasion ally such historians as that hon member 316048. Bn they are few and far between, and were not worthy of being eo distinguished as to he called historians. Itwas such a man as Hume, who sits down in the historian's chair, and records facts and events as they happen, and not to please either one -sectarian party or the other. Men equally great as historians were Gibbon, Hallam, and Froude. Will any one say that in the main these Historians agree one with the other f It was absurd to say that history Bhouid not be taught because the great hUtorianR do not agree in every paltry detail and minuliffi. In the main features of human events, all the great men worthy of being called historians agree. He contended thnt the foundation of all mental knowledge was history and so long as histoi y is not taught in our publio schools, the scholars came away with their instruction incomplete, and, to a great extent, paralytic. If, when the report of the Council of Education came up, it was found that they ntill omitted history, he would table th« motion in spite of the report nnd with the full conviction that he would be warmly supported by a large proportion of this House. The amen Jed motion was put and carried without division FRIENDLY SOCIETIES BILL. Mr. PARKED brought up a bill to consolidate and amend the law relating to friendly and other mutual benefit societies. * The bill was read a first time, ordered to be printed, and the second reading male an order of the day for Wednesday next. CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. Mr. FITZPATKICK moved— That Richard Driver, Esq., be Chairman of Committees of the whole House during tbe present session. Mr. BUCHANAN objected to the Government not taking tbe jead in proposing the Chairman of Com mittees of this House. It was contrary to the practice of the English House of Commons. It was said that this was a strong Government, but they were afraid to nominate a Chairman of Committees, and were afraid to nominate the hon member (Mr Driver), for fear of off endingtheirown nominee, the hon member (Mr.BurnB). Ho considered the Government had evaded their duty, and had Bunk to a degrading position in so doing. He wonld leave their conduct to be commented upon by the hon members on the Government benches. The question was then put and passed. I Mr. JJRIVKR said that in rising to acknowledge Mb | election for the second time, he could not find words to express his thanks. Ho was at first doubtful if he would again sit if elected ; and, if he thought for a moment thnt he was put forward as a cat's paw for any Ministry, be would immediately resign (Hear, hear.) DnriBg the past session he had endeavoured to act impartially— (hear, hear) — and trusted that, during the fortUcoming Parliament, he would also give satisfac tion. He again thanked them for the honor conferred on liitn. 1 he House adjourned at fifteen minutes to 10 till 4 o'clock to-day (Friday). 