AUSTRALASIAN HOLY CATHOLIC GUILD -ADDRESS TO THE COADJUTOR ARCHBISHOP. On Sunday evening last the Brethren of the Holy Catholic Guild of St. Mary and St. Joseph presented an address of welcome to the Most Itev. Dr. Vaughan. Between 400 and 500 members of the Guild assembled in the hall of St. Mary's Seminary, from whence they went in procession to the cathedral in Guild costume, lieaded by their cross-bearer.- They occupied seats immediately in front of the altar ; the ?officers being accommodated with seats within the sanctuary. The cathedral was densely crowded. Shortly after 4 o'clock the arrival of the Archbishops was announced, and the mem bers of the Guild council proceeded to the great door of the church to receive them. Their , Graces, having centered the church, Avent direct to the sanctuary. His Grace the Archbishop occupied his throne ; the Coadjutor Archbishop was seated on a dais at the Epistle side of the altar. Tue chaplain of the Holy Guild then intro duced the warden, Mr. E. J. .Ruble, who read the following address : — ' ' Ausbrasalian Holy Catholic Guild of SS. Mary and Joseph. (Dlh'dio l)ai et .Pru.viw'h) 'To his Grace the Most Reverend Roger Bode Vaughan, O.S.B. , Archbishop of Naxiarmi.s, and Coadjutor to his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney. ' MAV IT P.LKA.ME VOLTK GiJACK. — We, the chaplain, warden, ai;d brethren of the parent , Ouild of SS Ma-y and Joseph, beg to appr. ac ?????' your Grace, and to give yon that cordial Catholic ?welcome which ? is clue t - our charged by *?!). Sovereign Pontiff, our Holy Father Pius IX., ? 'with an office so high and so responsible as that -which your Grace holds in our regard. The present times must be known to your Grace to be times of no small danger and difficulty. The perils to which Catholic faith and practice are exposed are many ail the world over. Perils are for Catholics here as elsewhere. We well know how much has to be done by those charged with such important duties as those devolving upon your Grace. We are sensible of the great responsibility which is incumbent on both pastor Jlllf] nprtTllp nnri +.I10 nvncill^ r»nll fn-%* Airnmr /a£pro-f ''.?'— _£* «w ..tav, wuu u*im ha^^waaw wiui .1.VS.L \j y yj a y \jxj.\yx u 1 to preserve inviolate the precious deposit of faith handed down .to. us --from martyred ances j tors. We are fully aware of the dangers that j threaten, and of the necessity 'for each Catholic j to do all that in him lies, to co- operate with j those appointed by the ever watchful vigi lance, of the successor of St. Peter, to guard the' flock of Christ. Union between pastors nnd people has been ever a characteristic of sinoere Catholics, and of none more than the spiritual ch ldren of St. Patrick and their descendants. This union we pray God to guard and preserve. Being a Catholic society, banded together for mutual, spiritual, and temporal benefits, and having been for nearly thirty years watched, over by the thoughtful, generous, pastoral solicitude of our present venerable and beloved Archbishop (whom may God long preserve to us), and having now branches of our society happily spread over the colony, we deem ourselves bound in a more especial manner to foster this holy uuiuu ito ueuujjies uuuiuxuiiiiureii 01 liiie V/iinrun. We therefore promise your Grace a hurnble but a sincere, hearty co-operation in all that con cerns the advancement of our holy religion. Again bidding you welcome, we beg your Grace's blessing for ourselves and brethren.' ' Michael Joseph Dwyee, Chaplain. Edwakd Joseph Rubie, Warden. Philip J. Callachok, Secretary.' His Grace made the following reply : — Mr. Warden, and Brethren of the Catho'ic Guild,— I thank you very heartily for the beautiful words you have addressed to me ; in deed, I thank you for more than for words, I tbank you for the profound principles of Catholic truth which they express. Coming as I do straight from under the kindly smile of our Holy Father, it is pleasing to hear such words of affection towards him from you — words which show not only that you honour and obey him,- but that you love him with what I call a personal love, as if you had seen him and known him face to face. Yon speak, Mr. Warden, of the difficulties with which our holy religion lias to contend, in these our days. There ever has been from the beginning one great division, that of light and daikness. The Reformation intro duced a zone of obscurity between the two. Many a man of earnest mind is sailing about in a mist without chart or compass; some are driven into the deep darkness of utter in fidelity ; others gradually approach the light of Catholic truth. This zone of which I speak is becoming narrower every day. Serious men in the Anglican Church. acknowledge that they are unable to cope with the infidelity that presents itself : and it seems as if the day is fast approaching in which only two would remain — utter unbelief and genuine Catholicity. Now, you, Mr. Warden and Brethren of the Guild, have an Apostolate put into your hands. You can go where priests cannot, and can do good where they can do none. You can do your share in drawing men from the darkness of death — f 1 om the mists of obstruction into the heavenly light. And how ? Not by the jarrings and janglings of controversy ; but by two things , by knowing what is right, and doing what is right ; by being Catholic in word and Catholic in deed. No age of the world was ever more . inquisitive than our own. Our duty is to at tract men's attention ; and that is most surely done by the charitable and kindly tenour of our lives. Let us prove how superior — I will not say so much we are, as the creed which we profess is — to all others. Let us be ready to give a true account of our faith to any inquirer. Ours is not the faith of an individual, but the faith of the Universal Church ; we speak with the voice of thousands when we utter the truths of our creed ; for we are not founded on the private authority of man, but upon the wide reaching authority of the Holy Ghost. Thus it is that the great battalions of the people, which you so ably represent, can do in their day a giant work. Let us one and all be true to these principles, and not on!}' temporal assistance, but great spiritual good will flow from your powerful and manly association. At the conclusion of the reply the chaplain introduced the members of the Guild council and the body of the members to his Grace, after wbich he gave his Apostolic blessing to the assembled brethren, and immediately after wards left the church, the members of the ?Guild singing Faber's i hymn, ''Faith of our Fathers,' a3 they retired, in procession to the seminary. 