OHOSTS. (From the Globe.) We have changed much in these days from the old times when ghosts were almost an article of faith, and when the person who told a tale of the world of spirits might chance to gain cre dence for his narrative without an inner reserva tion ' that, at all events, it is very difficult to account for it' In Queecu Elizabeth's time that direction in ' Hamlet.' ' Enter Uhost.' struck a real chord of emotion amongst the people, and, so far from weakening the force of the illusion, considerably heightened it by in troducing a mysterious agency, as to which all were more or Jess sympathetic, Thus, in the Middle Ages a ghost had a diguity very different from the Peckham apparition of tlicso days. There is a story told iu French history of a pea sant of Marseilles who was troubled by aii'un earthly visitor. The peasant was to make liis way Ui the king, and reveal to him a iin.'-*ayi- that would be communicated to him ; but if lie di-chised it to anyone else he would die. He did disclose it to another -his wife— and he died, falling dead ou the spot, too. The perturbed spirit, however, though unfortunate in its choice of a messenger, reveiitcd himself a second tiini1, with similar formalities and throats, and again the garrulous French nature could not keep reticent about the news. The tale was told, and the narrator, iu his turn, died. Yet a third time the ghost spoke. This time to a farrier. The title we tell is liistoriciu, and the facts precise and ascertained. The farrier kept his council, journeyed to Versailles, saw Gold Stick iu Wait iug, who Wiis very polite, but very obdurate. A peasant from Marseilles have an interview with the Majesty of France ! Impossible ! a thing not to be heard of! Farrier brings forward iiis ghostly facts. Proof offered, asked for, given. Did not two other of the good folks of tile town to whom revelation had been made die because they departed from the strict letter of their in struction t Gold Stick was alarmed. Could not the truth of these statements be easily as ICIUUlll'll 1IOI1L tUU 1UUHL UUtULIIllllS I VJTUIU Stick was relieved. The farrier w;is to call in a couple of days — he called, saw tlic king iu pri vate, had several interviews with him, aud re turned to his own province a wealthy man, sup ported by the revenue, a public i-hiiractcr from that time till his death, and probably a bachelor and niisuganiist, for the subject of the secret never transpired. It is all historical. The best , artist of the day drew our farrier, the drawing ! was engraved, and copies of it esist iu several Erivate collections. One writer professes to | ave seen the print, aud says that ' it represents the face of a mail about thirty five or forty years of age, with au open countenance, rather pen- j sive, and with a very characteristic expression'' j — a somewhat vague description as 10 the whole, and one would have been plad to have learned what was the special character of that expres sion. \V-2 lire in different days ntnv, and the nge of apparitiiinsseems, notwithstanding an ocoa^or.a! exception, to have passed away. The ghost of the 19th century cannot keep his secret as well as his brother spirit of the 17th, and it is the magistrate, not the uuuister, with whom he is confronted. The lantern of '?Pleacemau X:- shines upon the apparition, and under thin ! manifestation the mystery uot so much dissolves into thin air as solidifies into flesh and blood. The spirit then beenmes what the Acts of Parliament call a ' person,' and the laws of the land take their useful and uninterrupted effect. And yet who will deny that there lingers a strong belief, which none of the vaunted ' en lightenment of the nineteenth century' can crush down, in ghosts and apparitions 'I What is spiritualism but a mode ot the same disease '( \Ve are not as credulous as our simple fore fathers, and we have a way of severing our judgment from our faith, aud being mortally afraid of ghosts, though we well know that such things do not exist. What is the experience of each oue ? Is there any reader of this paper who, however fortunate in his own experiences, has uot had some relative, or friend, or acquaintance, who has seen a ghost ? We do not mean sounds or rappiugs, but a real bon&Jidr;—wn were going to say— flesh-and-bloud live ghost \ The writer himself forms mo exception to the rule which he beUeves prevails. Here is a story told to him by one of the chief actors ?: — Three students of a university, situated in what Thackeray calls a viceregal city, had retired after dinner to the rooms of a friend. There is no importance in the words 'after dinner.' College beer is very small beer, nor do I know of any instance on record in which a man who had partaken freely was visited by ghosts. The four friends were standing round the fire, which flickered brightly, so that every part of the room could be seen. Its shape was of this kind : The door from the staircase was at one comer ; directly opposite to that was another door, which led into the bed room. There was no other approach to or exit from the room. The fireplace was at the side of the inner door. The friends were standing round the fire chatting together, when they distinctly saw the outer door open gently and a figure passs in ; it crossed the room and passed through the opposite doorway into the bedroom. Three of the young men rushed at once into lire room, examined every part of it together, but there was no trace or sign of anything. The other had fainted on seeing the apparition. What is curious about this tale is that it forms, so far as is known, the only instance in modern times of a ghost being seen by several people simultaneously. Asa general rule, if the ap parition appears to more persons than one- it does so successively, as in the French story just told. Another circumstance that is remarkable in this case is that each of the four persons seems to have arrived immediately at the idea that the visitor -was a ghost The spirit was indeed known to two of them— that is to say, two of the party said it was the ghost of their brother ; but the other two were quite strangers to the fact, and yet, without a word said, seeing the entry, they seem to have felt instinctively and unhesitatingly that it was a ghost. The tale is told as a thing that happened. There was no dowager-duches or guardsman present to com mand the respect of the Timu, but then— every- one is not so strong-minded and naturally incredulous as that journal Tub Lavs Story of Justice Wrttfcs.— The JkHly Tdtgraph, has an article in relation to the lamented suicide of Justice Willes, in which it glances at a happy home life as one of put best antidotes against the evil influenoes of hardand harassing work. The writer gluncts ataitory that is cntwnt respecting the early .days of the 'earned judge. It is said that while fet a student at Trinity College, Onblini and *hen no glimpee-of-jfi* -future Irouours had (opened to him, h* fell in love -with nyoUrig' Lady in InUnd, «nd for «o«ne time alter (le came Wer to Bnriwia*be*«»l j^Mssiotoed coireS b#^nr^^l«a% W?m$& o£ both of them. But;injiW6^if Oibethe'aAiiur of the bSSBHKbs M5nbun hi* wifoin aptt^efWtton. ft'mai Uawm«for,«boUrtwmp^«», the lady , never releasing him from his promise, while he 1 showed no desire to fulfil it. At last; tvlion'lie pissed his fortieth year, he was promoted ft» tbe ?tench. Everybody knows what the: salary, of a judge is, -and die lady or her friends told ? him that he could no longer plead inability to liiaiu taiu u wife, and he must therefore fulfil Jiis promise. Au action for breach of promise of marriage to be raised against n judge, tu be tried perhaps iu his own court, wus a scandal not to be thought of. The marriage took place within a few months after he was raised to the bench, and, as might have been anticipated, it is said uot to have turned out a very happy one. OoaJj at Famine Price or Ieeland.— Tie rise iu the price of coals in Dublin and Belfast is (says the Nation) simply fearful. A bag, which used little more than two years ago ' to cost ubout a shilling, costs now three shillings, and fourpence iu Dublin, aud three shillings aud sixpence in the capital of the Noilh. The Northern people, apparently, are resolved not to endure much longer paying such an exorbitant price. Ou Monday, 2utb Jauuary. a meeting was held under the presidency of the Mayor of l^iiW.iut j-i ? i'ltti^iilur thf) ovtii'iiinnpl.* nf u-itrlriiitr the Lignite Mines of BaUiuttty, county Antrim. ! Mr. Gray, a civil engineer, .stated that there was j a large bed of lignite, at Ballintoy which was j already partially opened and might, therefore., i be worked ut once without any difficulty ; that ! the value of Uie fuel had been estimated by a I competent authority— Sir Hubert Kane— to be i two-thirds that »f niOiiiury cual ; and iinally, I that it could be sold in Belfast at ni'teeu shill ings a ton, giving nearly live shilliugs a ton profit. Hereupon a committee w;is at once formed for the purpose of bringing a quantity I of the liyuito into liellast to try it, and a fund to guarantee against loss was subscribed. A Yankee journalist having asserted that a a fellow scribe had just discovered that he could wag his left car, the hitter retorts that the former has his aural appendages under such control as to be nble to fan himself with them. 