\- f 0;!te:itoei\ liti . BY 11IS3 BEADDON. v ? The preparation of the bed in the dressing room tad l-een lost labour. Not dace durmg that dismal night did Mrs. Harcroas lie down, . although Tulhon implored her to try to rest a little — to sleep, if possible. 'Don't worry me !'sheesclaiiaed impatiently, ?with hot drv lips that would scarcely shape the words. 'I'm not very likely to sleep for months to come.' At noon on the day after the murder, g Sir Francis came to her for a .torief- interview. Tliera was a. tiny bondoir opening out of the dressing-room, a mere slip 'tof a room, which had once been an oratory, but was now furnished with a, couple of tapestried arm chairs, a writing-table in the window, and a dainty little bookcase. Sir Francis begged that he might see Mrs. Harcross for a few min in this room. After some carrying to and fro of messages by Tullion, tmd after at first positive ly ref using to see any one, she consented with a weary air, and rose to go to the room where Sir Francis was waiting for her. ' Yon'll put on a fresh morning dress, won't you, ma'm P' gasped Tullion, aghast at the idea other mistress appearing 1b tumbled muslin and crushed Valenciennes, even at this juncture; but Mre. Harcross put her aside impatiently, and went into tho boudoir, a ghost-like figure, in limp white robes, with, loose hair falling on her shoulders. Sir Francis was standing by the open window, darkened by closed Venetian shutters, through which the summer light stole softly, tempered ?with, shadow. 'My dear Mrs. Haicross,' be said gently ' we are all so sorry for you. 1 have no words to express what we feel; ani words are so idle at such a time. But I thought it best, even at the risk of paining ? you, to plead for this, interview. There are some things that must be spoken about, and that cannot be spoken of too soon,' ' O God !' she cried, looking at him firedly, ?with despairing eyes, ' Yon are so like him !' ' Good heavens !'' thought Sir Francis, ' what a dolt I was to forget the likeness ! I ought not to have come Bear her yet awile.' Ha placed a chair for her by the open win ddw. ' Let my likeness to your lost husband con stitute a chum upon yam1 friendship,' he said, *' and trust in my earnest desire, my determin ation; to see justice done upon the assassin. I waDt you to help us in this, if you can. You may be able to furnish some clue to this moBt mysterious crime ? Had your .husband any enemy ? Do you know of any one he can have offended— any one desperate enough to do such a deed F' . - ' No,' she answered, ' I know of no one whom ? he bad ever injured. 1 never heard that he had an enemy. But I know that he had a dis like to coming to this plase, and I made him come.1' ' He had a dislike to coming here P' ' He objected strongly, and had good reasons for his objection, though I cannot tell them to you. If he had trusted me in the first instance— if he had only told me ,the truth at once, we should not have come. But I brought him here against his will, — brought him to meet his death.' .Sir Francis looked at her wonderingly, half in clined to think that her mind was wander ing. ' Ton can give me no clue, then, |dear Mrs. Havcrose ?' he asked gently. ' None.' ? '.Then we must work on without your help. The police have ieen busy since day 'break; they have communicated with the stations all along the )ine, arid any BuBploiouo looking por son will be stopped. We have telegraphed to Scotland-yard for a couple of detectives, and I have telegraphed to Eyde for Mr. Vallory, I thought you would like to have your father with you at such a time, ' My father can do no good here,' said Au gusta. listlessly ; and then she went on with a, sudden intensity of tone and manner, ' Yes, you must find out who murdered him. It is your duty.' ' My dear Mrs. Harcross, I feel that most deeply. My friend and my guest has been foully murdered within half a mile of my house . ?within the boundary wall of my home. Do yon tnink that 1 can do less than feel myself bound to see him avenged P' Augusta Harcross smiled— a strange bitter smile. ' You. have good reason to feel that,' she said. There^was a short silence. It was so im possible to say anything of a consolatory nature a death so sudden, so awful— a man stricken down by an unseen hand in the very flower of and pride of his life— there seemed no room for comfort. The common phrases, the pious ban alities with which friends try to beguile the mourner, would have been worse than idle here. As well might the consoler have approached Calphurnia while her dead Casar still fay bundld in his bloody mantle at tue base of the statue as seek to murmur soothing sentences to this lonely woman whom sudden doom had widow, ed. ' ft' TOry hard to be obliged t« speak of this Mrs. Harcross,' began Sir Francis, hesitating, a little, ^though he had come prepared to sr . u mere™*! you wish your tau^g-fS Shegave a little cry of „-,„? . , , her fafe withher h»- * - W^ b., and covered ntes replied -^ c^bat *** a few wa' ? Jot family vault at Kensal-green ; there ,,B' Other place. My mother is buried there. * ot-pe to be buried there mvself.' v. *3.ehas no family grave of bis own — with f18 own people, 1 mean — where he would wish wiiie P*' Sir Francis inquired. -'No.' 'And yon would not like him to be buried at 'KiBgabury where the OlevedonB, except my father, are all buried ?' ' O, no, no.' 'That will do, dear Mrs. Harcross . I need torment you with no further questions. Mr. Tallory— your cousin Weston, I mean — has been most indefatigable; and I know you will trust him and me with all munor details,' He lingered to say a few words in praise of the dead man, touching gently on his social and professional value, and the manner in which his loss would be felt, and then begged most earnestly that Georgie might come and sit with the mourner. 'You know you have always been fond of her,' he said, '' and she is derated to you, and is really made quite miserable by your refusal tc see her. I do not 6ay that she would come fort you, but her company would be better than this, awful 6olitnde.. Or if you would come to her— that would be better still.' 