SOUTH AUSTRALIA. DIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. (Southern Cross, Sep. 27.) ADDRESSES AND PRESENTATIONS TO THE BISHOP ELECT. The teachers and children of the Christian Doctrine Society, the boys attending St. Patrick's School, and children of Mrs. Power's School, Franklin- street, assembled in St. FranciB Xavier's Cathedral on the 8th ult., to present addresses and presentations to hiB Lordship. The Bishop was accompanied by Archdeacon RuBBell, the Very Rev. F. Byrne, and Father Hagar, S.J. The Rev. F. Byrne introduced the teachers and children to his Lordship. Master Thomas read an address from the teachers, pupils,. and friends of the Christian Doctrine Society, after which the following presentations were made :—The episcopal ring—a large amethyst, set in gold and exquisitely wrought, by Miss Coffey; a handsome chrismatory, by Miss L. Mullany; a massive gold chain, by Miss Gunson; the purple baretta, by Miss Redman; the episcopal gloves, richly embroidered, by Miss Pfaendler ; the cord and gold tassels for pectoral cross, by Miss Higgins ; and the purse, by Miss Williams. An address from the children attending Mrs. Power's school was read by Miss Kelly. Mr. Morrissey presented an address from the pupils of St. Patrick's schools, and Master Sullivan on behalf of that establishment, presented his Lordship with a handsome processional cross. The Bishop Elect replied to the addresses as follows :—" My dear young friends and children in Jesus Christ—I receive your affectionate congratulations with feelings of the greatest satisfaction on this, as you term it, memorable day—memorable not only for the great feast which Holy Church celebrates throughout the world in honour of the birth of the Immaculate Mother of our Redeemer, but likewise memorable to us as the birthday of the Diocese of Adelaide. The feeling of satisfaction, my dear children, is increased -when, amidst the troubles and anxieties of these days, you assure me, with all the ardour of your young and affectionate hearts, of your joy at the decision of our Holy Father, Pius IX., in committing to my care this Diocese of Adelaide. Indeed, this feeling increases the more when I remember that your affectionate greetings are given in this Cathedral, where the re mains of my sainted predecessor, Bishop Murphy, await the resurrection—at the tomb of him who laboured so long and so earnestly for the welfare of your parents in the early days of this colony; at the tomb of him in whose footsteps I shall walk, whose zeal and spirit of self-sacrifice I shall endeavour to emulate. Your gifts, my dear children, I shall prize, not merely because they are valuable in themselves and beautiful in design, but I shall prize them much more as the expression of your love and affection for me. You gave me a ring which I promise you shall be used on the occasion of my consecration, when I shall be bound for the remainder of my life to labour for your welfare. Every time I look upon this token of your affection it will animate me in all undertakings for your welfare. The thought of your affections will sustain me in every difficulty which, no doubt, shall arise in my effortB to procure, not only for you, but for all your companions in this diocese, a thoroughly Catholic education. Education based on religion will be the best means of promoting your welfare ; it will prepare you to discharge more faithfully your duties to your God, to your neighbours, and to yourselves; it will enable you the more for the various positions of life you may be called to in this fair land of Australia—this land of my adoption. You present me with a chain and cord for the pectoral cross. I feel that your prayers and your fidelity to your Christian duties will sustain and strengthen me to carry the cross so significant of the various duties of a Bishop. The chrismatory I shall cherish till my latest breath, and ray heart shall be gladdened in using it when I shall have the happiness of anointing you in Holy Confirmation. This chrismatory, as well as the ring, I will bequeath to my successor, and I shall likewise leave it on record for his comfort that many of the anxieties of my position were alleviated by the affectionate prayers of the young ones of the flock. I will preserve the desk with pleasure, and in using it I shall not forget those who presented it, nor shall I forget the kindly feelings they have so often expressed for ray welfare. And you, my dear children of St. Patrick's School, though last not least, present me with this magnificent processional cross. I will use it in the solemn office of the Church, and when at the altar I offer the Holy Sacrifice, I shall daily beg of God to pour down upon you, and all the children of this diocese, every grace and blessing; that the prayers which my venerated predecessor Bishop Murphy invoked upon your parents may be realised a hundredfold in you. I beg once more to express, my dear children, my appreciation of your loving-kindness, and pray that the blessing of Almighty God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, may descend upon you, and remain with you for ever." The children paid their respects one after the other to the Bishop, presenting him with bouquets of flowers. To most of the little ones he spoke a few kind words, which will not soon be forgotten. We noticed a number of ladies present on the occasion, and the very great interest they felt in the acts of the little children and their confidence in chatting with the Bishop. (Irish Harp, Oct. 3.) FEAST OF GUARDIAN ANGELS. Thursday being the Feast of the Guar-, dian Angels, was a treat-day for the children attending the schools of the Sisters of St. Joseph. Masses were celebrated at the Church of St, Ignatius, Norwood, at seven and nine o'clock, after which the children of the Norwood, Heotorville, and North Adelaide schools, together witptbe orphanage children to the pumber _of about 400, marched to a paddock adjoin- ing Mamrresa, where various kinds of sports wete indulged in. Through the liberality of members of the congregation and friends of the Sisters of St. Joseph, a plentilul supply of eatables had been provided. The day's proceedings were concluded in the church with the Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. CLERICAL CHANGES. The Venerable the Archdeacon has taken charge of his old mission, St. Lawrence's, North Adelaide, and the Rev. P. Corcoran has been appointed assistant priest. VISIT OP HIS EXCELLENCY TO SEVENHILLS. On Friday last His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by his Private Secretary, the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, and H. Scott, Esq., J.P., paid a visit to St. Aloysius College, Sevenhills. At the entrance to the College grounds His Excellency was met by the Very Rev. A. Strdle, S.J., Superior of the College; the Rev. F. Niebauer, Father Minister of the House, and Fr. Palhuber. The students gave His Excellency three hearty cheers as he drew up at the gate. As soon as His Excellency had alighted he was conducted to the church, and thence to the schoolroom, where a song written for the occasion was sung by Patrick McMahon and Andrew McDonald. After this Michael O'Sullivan read an ode in Latin, welcoming His Excellency to the College. Andrew McDonald then sang, " The Bonnie Hills of Scotland," which was followed by a poem by Edward Woods. The reception was concluded by all the boys singing "God save the Queen." 