ANCIENT IRISH MUSIC. LECTURE BY SIR ROBERT STEWART. •SUL Robert Stewart, Professor' of Music- in the University of Dublin, is -now delivering a very interesting series of lectures on Ancient- Irish Music. The first of the course that was delivered is reported as follows by the Daily Ex- ' •'• He said that the study of Ancient Irish Music, laboured under this disadvantage—that arch-ecological litterateurs were not often musical, and musicians, very rarely felt any interest inarchaeoloey'. The origin of most nations being .shrouded" in fable, any attempt to trace the arts of poetry and music to their source must be J'uiile. From very early times in Ireland there were traditions of a body of men who practised l>oth these arts, and attained celebrity. Tradi-. tiou. although a shadowy foundation to erect a theory upon, should not- be wholly disregarded; -iti proof of which he might refer to two rather remarkable events connected with the ancient history of Ireland—one, the discovery, in the year 1722\. of ornaments-of gold in the-grave of an Irish hero' at Ballysh'annon, as recorded in Camden's 1 Britannia;' - the' other, the discovery of the grave of the Connaught chief, Conon, in 1785", by a deputation-"from the recently-founded Royal Irish academy. Both these places had been .described so .exactly.in the records, and in.the songs of a 1 bard that the curiosity and interest of the learned ••were aroused, and the discoveries ; made accordingly. It would 'appear that events • in the early. histo% ; of Ireland had been truly recorded, but that the bards had generally erred i in assigning to them an extravagantly remote! antiquity; Thus, the long "lists of Irish.-kingsbefore the Incarnation were "incredible. He . would; however, refer to. Ollamh Fodla- (A.M. 3000), the famous Irish "lawgiver, and Cormac (A.D. 254), a wise: and good monarch; both of . whom were unquestionably good and great men. The former had established -the famous meetings at Teamor (Tara, eighteen miles from Dublin); where a gently sloping hill of a mile in extent was the : site of the palace: of Aden, or Aim-- .hain. Whien the island was converted; : A.D: 432,. by St. -.Patrick, to Christianity; the-change was made without the bloodshed by which' simi- : lar events had :in. other lands been signalised)" and the chief bard of the heathen king—whose name {Dubhthach).he(Sir ft;- Stewar t) could but : imperfectly pronounce—was one of the earliest : converts to-theJaith of "Christ. - The'sites of "the ancient colleges of the bards were thenceforward' occupied by: those -famous Christian schools-at- Armagh, Clonard, Ross, Lismore, Clonfert, Bangor, and many, more seats of-learning and religion ;which made i Ireland famous as the * •' Isle of Saints.'; The name of the famous Find; rrMacGomhal (pronounced Fin Macool), who lived when Corma reigned,i ahd his«on- 0ssian,- led to some- details'- connected with- the colonisation of - the western coast of Scotland; by- that herb and' his finii,: or followers, arid- to the first musical' illustrations of the lecture, consisting Pf; two" Ossianic melodies^—one, ' The Battle of Ardnor,'- sung ;by: male 1 voices; the other, a wild aiid' very -Scottish Boundmg air; sweetly sung by dne ,: of the children of the college chapel choir, which; : Sir Robert Stewart ,said h-ad been presented to . him by Mr. Richard EBis, of Abbeyfeale, in thecounty pf . Limerick, whbse fainily h'ad received it from the wife of Macpherson himself-,- the translator, Pr inventor, or adopter, or romancer of so many Gaelic ; poems—poems which (whatever doubts :, might be: entertained with respect to : their aiithenticity); .had, nevertheless, beenhighly, prized. by: three of th e • greatest men of the present- centuiy—Napoleon I..; Lord Byicoti, • ; and Sir AValtet Scott. • / The early colonisation of Ireland by Phoenician voyagfeTs five hundreds years before Christ was also alluded to, by the • lecturer, who remarked that the "corachs;" or vricker boats covered with: hides, the turfy soil,- and other natural characteristics of this-islands had been recorded by the: Phoenicians. From them was derived that funeral song-called.' Caoine' —a term which he (Sir R.) would endeavour to pronounce in the correct Irish manner,-ratherin the throat. References" to the conclamatio (jEneid 6th, iv.) of the women over the body of • Dido—a Phoenician princess.—of the mother of : Eui-yalus, of the alternative weeping of the wife, mother, and sister of Hector, of David's lament over Saul and Jonathan, were; made as examples' of the funeral songs of antiquity. The lecturer spoke of the invariable fidelity and truthfulness of Shakespeare's allusions, and instanced the dirge in the play of Cymbeline, of which the scene is laid in Wales, where Guiderius and Ardviragus pronounce the following, line by linej each responding to the other, while the chorus takes up the strain in the true bardic manner— 6.—No exorciser Inarm tliee. . A.—Nor no witchcraft charm tliee. G.—Ghosts unlaid forbear thee. A.—Nothing ill come near thee. All joining in Quiet consummation have;- Unremoved be thy grave'! [Not, as some editions had the line, " Unrenowned."] These lines of Shakspeare, as set to music by Dr. Nares, a musician of the 18th century, were then sung by some of the musical scholars and the children of the chapel choir. The lecture was brought-to a close by "the singing of one of the ca'oines, of which the subject was a peasant mourning for his wife, and inquiring wherefore she left him—had she not sufficient to eat and wear—had she not friends, relatives. &c.; The music consisted of a few bars of plaintive melody; sung with much taste by a young student with a charming alto voice. This was followed by a choral refrain after each verse. The circumstance of the singers being concealed imparted a somewhat mysterious effect to the dirge in question, which Sir R. Stewart said he "had heard in the county Meath, many years ago, from a funeral procession, which was entering the burying-ground of the ancient Priory of St. John the Baptist at Trim, a ruin picturesquely situated immediately adjoining the bridge over the river Boyne in that town. 