COLONIAL REMINISCENCES. BUSH MYSTERIES. The Australian bush by moonlight, and more -especi- ally those barren tracts or stony-ridges where the white gum is the prevailing vegetation, bos a strangely weird and unearthly aspect, even to the eye of the most matter-of- fact and prosaic wanderer. The great trees, ntn tiieir contorted, naKcci, Doney-iooking limbs, twis ted and turned in -every direction, look like gigantic ghosts indulging in a frantic corroboree. Moonlight scenes of this kind have a strange fascination for imaginative people, and especially for children ; and it is not at all improbable that the Eingnlor feelings of fear and attraction, dread and curiosity, thus awakened, have been the -cause which has induced many imagin ative children to wander away into the bush ' in the gloaming,' and thus lose themselves. J«nny Morgan was a little girl of a very delicate and sensitive organisation, and her mind was of a lighly imaginative nature. She was an only child, and had been taken by her parents, when little more than in infant, to a remote clearing, where her mother was her only female companion, and having no children to converse or ploy with, Jenny very naturally fell into the habit of making friends of the dumb creatures and inanimate objects around her. Great natural timidity, joined to her mother's 6trict injunctions, prevented her from ever entering the bush, consisting mostly of gigan tic white gums, which- bordered the flat on which her father's little farm was situated. Mrs. Morgan died, and Jenny was left quite alone the greater part of her time. She was a beautiful and intelligent, but strange litt'.e creature. Next to her mother she loved a little pet cow, and when she hatt in same degree recovered from the shock of her parent's death, Jenny naturally bestowed her affection- more than ever upon Biddy, the cow. , . . . At last, one day; Biddy was missing, and Jenny was inconsolable.. Her dread of the bosh, and the wicked giants, which she believed tbe great white gum frees to be, alone' prevented her from going 'in- search. -Her lather, when he returned from his work in the evening, cried in vain to persuade her that Biddy wonld come back before morning. She was inconsolable, and as her father could deny her nothing, he at length, although tired with ajong day's nork, consented to go in search of Biddv. It was sunset, bat the full moon was rising, and the scene, although very lonely, was very beautiful. 'We'll soon find your pet, my poppet,' said Mr. Morgan. ' Oh let me go with yeu father.' ' You would be tired to death, my blossom,' ' But I must go with .you to find Biddy, father. Poor Biddy all alone in the bush,' and as the child said it she shuddered and burst out crying. ' That sad bush ! all so silent and still; those grey old trees ! what a place for poor Biddy -to be ill in.' ' Father,' the child whispered, after thinking for a , moment, ;'ihe.sly trees are always having' bad secrets ' I know. They're afraid to speak plain in the day time ; ! bnt at night they mutter and moan sometimes as if j they knew all kinds bf naughty things. Poor dear old I Biddy out there with those wicked old trees. She'll go ' mad, father I must go with you father to look for her. j She'd have looked after me, I'm sure she would.' [ ' You shall go with me, my blossom' said the bush- ! man. ' Tie on your bonnet, my little woman and cheer wn . vnm« Mipnfrfi oro nnif-A wflf. ' ' Saddling bis hora, he swung himself on to its bock, lifted up his little girl behind him and cantered off into the bush, ef which ids daughter was afraid even when her little arms were tight around her father's waist. She did not know whether she iras more afraid of the bush as she saw it by day or as she fancied it by night. When she uoke up in her little cot in a stormy night and thought ef the great sea of moaning wood that spread dusky or moonlit all arouud their little clearing, she glanced fear fully at the window as if the bush must be angrily ordering her to get up and come out to it. But it beckoned to her in ihp. A*v time also, onlv frbft llinnMifc more slily, and perhaps she dreaded it most then because it was so Ely, beckoning her with its long arms when bnr fnther was out of the way, or so that be could not see It. She often talked to to friend Rj-'iy iuout tho wicked trees beckoning \i^ to come where her mother used to say F,'oe must not go. But sometimes when her father was away aud the bush had been beckoning very havd, she could not help sidling up to it as if she Mere being drawn to it. She did not want to go near it, bnt somehow it made her. Sometimes even she had been drawn into' the bush a little way, and then had rushed back in terror to the house, or to Biddy in the paddock, to fiing her arms around her neck and cling to her and sob as it' her little heart were breaking, until the s\Vi.et-breathed old cow somehow managed to comfort her. She thought that her kind friend had got into her enemy's power made Jenny very miserable aud very brave. It wonld be bo mean she thought to stay at home and do nothing for her friend. And then perhaps she thought too — not quite so bravely — what she should do if ehe stayed at home, and the bush began to beckon when her father and Jenny were both away. Much as as she dreaded the bush, moreover, she could not help thinking that it would be pleasant to go right into it if it could not hurt her. She was almost sure the bnBh was afraid of her father because it often beckoned behind his back. However she was not quite euro, because her father talked as if something terrible might Happen to her if sue wandered into toe uusn ; out sun he went into it himself and came out of it, and the bush never hnrt him ; and so she half made np her mind that it would not dare to hurt her so long as she held on tight to her father. Holding very tight they cantered in the bright moonlight into the mysterious territory, which was a slily wicked person to her. If the horse hod not cantered there would have been no breeze. The ragged bark of the grey gum trees hung motionless in the dreaming moonlight. Their metallic leaves latticed the red cracked ground and great boils of ant bills with liucB of shadow that did not move a hair's breadth. The scrub, the colour of a seedy rifleman's uniform, was so still that it seemed to have been suffocated by its own aroma. The silver-gray logs with which the chapped earth was littered looked as if they had kid there for ever. The trees stood further apart ; there was tar more light in the bush than Jenny had expected, bnt that light had such a bewitched look that she grew more afraid of the bush than ever. Everything was strangely still. The hum of insects could no longer be heard, and the sound of their horse's hoofs on the dry leaves and brittle branches seemed to make the other silence all the more spell-bound. A black snale writhed noiselessly out of the horse's way, and a jewel-eyed little lizard slipped back blithely into its hole without making a sound of even one dry leaf against another. A hang- dog'-looking dingo turned on hie heels and slunk back into tie ectub as silently as he came of it. The hush that the horse's hoofs alone were left to break appeared more trance-like than ever. The bush in its quiet way seon began to beckon to Jenny, so she thonght, that had not its spoil of silence been on her too she would have shrieked to her father to gallop home. ' I've got you in aud now Til keep you,' was -what she thought the bush seemed to say. ' You're very proud of your father ; you pretend to be very fond cf him, and very much afraid of me, but see if I don't make you run away from him to me. You really came to Me me, and not to look after Biddy, you know. When the bush whispered all that, with a wiuk, poor little Jenny hugged her father so hard that he pulled up his horse, and said— ' You're fagged out, my little one. Here, I'll take you before me, my wee woman, and we'll go home at once. Old Biddy must find her owu way home.' Little Jenny felt courage when she sat between her father's big brown arms, and when she got there ele would not hear of giving up the search forfiiddy. ' 0 please, father, go on looking,' she said. ' Don't let poor dear old Biddy stay out in the nasty bush all night.' Tbe bushman smoothed the wet curls out of his little daughter's eyes, patted the top of her little bonnet soothingly, gave her an affectionate squeeze with l-is long wrists, and thus humouring her, went on looking for the cow. They hnnted here, they hunted there, nnd -all tbe time the bush seemed to keep on beckoning when Jenny turned her head, and whispering more and more mysteriously. At hist she thonght the bush said : ' You'll never find Biddy if you don't ride behind your father, and look out one way whilst he looks out the other. I'll kill Biddy ; but of course I shall tell her that it was really you who killed her.' Jeuny was too frightened to tell her father what the bush had said ; but she asked him — the bush winking wickedly all the while -to let her Bit behind him again. Oh how she held on to him when he had arranged the little pad for her on the crupper. He did not notice how she clung to him, because lie bad lost moBt of his last nod once, and presently having nodded almost into his horse's mane, he drew rein and said — ''It's no use going any farther, Jenny, we must go back now.' They wore at the top of a lonely stony ridge then, on which it seemed strange that even the few gum trees, comparatively dwarfish ss they were, could have man aged to grow so high. He nodded off again as he pulled his horse's bead round. As they rode down the ridge Jenny saw what she had never seen, before— a great iguana. A gigantic lizard nine or ten feet long, with scales the colour of brown mud, and a tail like a great whip lash, a wasted, wrinkled- cheeked, big-headed lizard, with eveR wnrilv wicked And enhniner. It was noiselessly clambering np a gnm tree, putting out its hideous lantern- jawed head now on this side, now on that. Presently it stopped, and sullenly stared at Jenny, measuring her with its bright, wicked eyee. They were the bush's eyes for her, and at last their horrible attraction had become too powerful for her to resist. Silently she dropped from the horse, and wandered away into the still, dreamy solitude. Her father rode on, and did not mica her until he raised himself with a shiver, as a dark cloud obscured the moon. The bushman went back to the hist place in which he was sure that Jenny had been with him, but he could not find her. He cooed, but there came no answer. The bushman's heart was fit to break. He knew -that there was little use in hunting for his little girl in the dark, and yet he could not keep still. Hound and round he rode, until he could scarcely keep bis eyeB open He then resolved to light a fire ; and thonght it might just possibly be the means of bringing Jenny back to dm. ' May God guard mypet,' he sobbed and then, tired out, he fell asleep. Weary with toil and sorrow he slept until an lorn1 after sunrise. And what did his eyes open on? There was little Jenny trying to milk Biddy into his quart pot. The pair of friends looked j quite gay for round Biddy's horns, and her own hat, : Jenny had twined bush.- flowers wet with dew. i ' Oh, father,' she cried, ' the poor bush isn't wicked I at all, it took me through to Biddy, and she was eo J glad to see me, and the bush has been so kind to us both nil night —it doesn't do bad things in the night, bnt it wakes up and moans that's saying its prayers, and then it goes to sleep again. I shall never be afraid of tbe bush any more.' 