GENERAL NEWS, KIDNAPPING IN THE SOUTH SEAS.-Her Majesty's schooner Ethel, which left this port three months ago on a cruise to the South Sea Islands, returned yesterday with four seamen of the brig Mary Grant, who are under arrest on a charge of kidnapping. The papers in connection with tile case are now m the hands of his Excellency the Governor, and the men will probably appear before the Water Police Bench in a few days.-Herald of Saturday. SUDDEN DEATH.-An inquiry was helo yesterday by the Coroner upon the body of a woman named Mary Anne McNamara, whose death was unhappily sudden at Mr. Lowe's station, Gamble, near Mudgee. At the close, her husband or companion, W. Garden, was taken into custody by the police and conveyed to Gulgong, to await further proceedings,— Western Post, Jan; 3. AN ADVENTURE OP THE ROAD.-On Sunday morning, at about one o'clock, when Malone's mau coach was on its way from Goulburn to Braidwood, and when about six miles from the former place, a stray horse took it into its heid to fraternise with the leader, and kept up running alongside, but at each flash of lightning, which was -extremely vivid, the brute used to fall back amongst the wheelers. Young Crummy, the coachman, had no passengers with him, but not believing in ghosts-although the stray horse was a white one and rather spectre looking-and moreover not being very easily put off his equilibrium, he dropped the thong of the whip Eretty heavily upon the stranger, who would resume is place alongside the leading horse, until again startied by the lightning, when be would once more fall back, only to be soundly dressed down again with the whip. This went an for about seven miles until the fences were passed, and the ooeu country reached, when Brummy turned off into the bush, and by so doing dodged the grey spectre which bad been harassing bim for so many miles, and which might have terrified a person of a more nervous tempera- ment.- Braidwood Dispatch. I THE WOLLONGONG GAOL.-During the past few days the gaol in this town has been "without a pri- soner, either male or female, consequently Governor Beverley and the four warders connected with, the establishment are now " blooming alone." Although this fact has a millennial ajr about it at first sight, closer observation shows that it is scarcely as it should be considering the present overcrowded state of Darlinghurst gaol. A gaol in Sydney with too many prisoners, and a gaol at Wollongong with the requisite number of officials and no prisoners, looks, very inconsistent, and exhibits a neglect cf duty at head-quarters.-Illawarra Msrewj, Jwi- 8, RKWBTÜD ATT^wüTEn 'SUICIDE-It was re- ported yesterday in town that a youngwoman (the sister al one who carne painfully under public notice some months back when she was convicted of infanti- cide) had attempted to commit suicide in the river on Monday night. 16 was stated that the girl, who was living with a man at North Wagga Wagga, was turned out of doors by her paramour, and had in conséquence mad» the attempt upon her life. She was rescued by constable Cowell, and bad been evi dentlvdnnkiDgpraviottily.-Wo^aT^agga Entras, DEATH OF A BALLET-GIRL FROM BURNING.-On Saturday morning the Sydney City Coroner held an inquest respecting the death of Fanny Osborne, a ballet-girl lately employed at the Victoria Theatre, and who was fatally burnt on the 30th ultimo, while so engaged. It appears that deceased was only en- gagea: for four nights, and it was on the last of these that she got burned, Deceased and another girl, it seems, had to lie down on a platform at the back of the stage, near an imitation waterfall, and they were supposed to represent mermaids. At the back of the platform there was a row of gas-jets burning, and there were other gas-jets at each end of the platform and m other places adjecent. While the girls were in the required position on the night in question Mr. Renno came up to them and said it looked rather dangerous, and told the girls to tuck in their petticoats and lie on them. They did so, although their clothes were then two feet from the lights. Their instructions were to remain still in their places after the drop-scene fell until the lights were extinguished behind them. When the drop-scene fell, however, deceased moved, and one of the men at the end of the platform told her not to move as the curtain was going up again. As she moved to resume her former position her dress fell over on to the lights behind, and some one colled out " You are on tire." Deceased screptued and leaped from the platform, and as she leaped her dress caught fire on the other side from side-lights, and before it could be ex- tinguished she was severely burned about the body She was conveyed to the Infirmary, where she soon afterwards became delirious, and continued so with few intermissions until her death on Thursday even- ing.-The jury returned a verdict-That death re- sulted from burns accidentally received whilst in the ] dischaige of her duties at the Victoria Theatre on Monday night last.-¿bridged from Evening News, Jan 4. ONE OF THE OLD NEW ZEALAND LAND BUYERS. -Our readers (says the Otago Daily Times) will, have noticed the announcement of the death, in the 62nd year of his age, of Mr. George Green, well known here, and by repute at least all over the colony, through his enormous land claims. Mr. Green came from Sydney to New Zealand in 1838. He remained in the colony about a year, and was chiefly at the Bluff during that time. It was on that occasion that he made his large purchases from the Maories. These were as follows - Centre Island (off the Southland coast), 2000 acres, for £20 19s; 20,000 acres, Stewart's Island, £8O 10s ; 20,000 acres Kowokapito Bay, £20 10s; 109 acres, Bluff Harbour, £15; 1,000,024, Mistaken Bay, West Coast, £200. He had also made purchases of land at Catlon's River, and bought the Quarantine Island in Otago Harbour. He commenced to prosecute his claims to these lands in 1840, being one of the first to submit his titles to the Government, but could not get a Crown grant. No Crown grant or compensation of any sort was ever given to him on account of these purchases till about two years ago, when he received 5000 acres in two blocks of 2500 acres each, A butcher nomed Frederick Maisey died in Sj'dney on Friday afternoon, from disease of the heart and liver, accelerated by intemperance. He had been drinking on Friday morning, and was much intoxi- cated ; at one o'clock in the day he waa singing in a public house, with some other men, and at half-past two the publican going into the parlour saw de- ceased sitting on the sofa by himself. He was lean- ing against the wall at the back of the sofa, his eyes closed, his head on one side, and his faoe very pale. A doctor was sent for, and deceased was found to be 1 quite dead. An inquest was held, and a verdict of ! death from disease of the heart returned. | The Evening News of Saturday reports that an old man, a vagrant and an habitual drunkard, named 1 Robert Appleton, 05 j-ears of age, was brought to t No. 1 Police Station, at eleven o'clock the previous night, having been found drunk in Clarence-street by constable Maloney. He was placed with other pri- \ soners in a cell. At about six o'clock in the morning he was seized with a ht. He was sent to tile In tiruwry, and died during his removal from the cab to the Infirmary ward. A KANGAROO HUNT.-We have heard of many captures throughout the colony of large kangaroos, but we have just been informed of a party; of three gentlemeu, who went out for a day's hunting a few miles from Grafton, and before dinner succeeded in obtaining no less a number tuan twelve, one of these being without exception the largest we have ever heard captured. It measures nine feet six inches, and the tail weighed twenty-two pounds.-Clarence Examiner, Dec. 31. FATAL ACCIDENT AT MACKAY.-Yesterday morn- ing (says the Mercury of December 14) a Norwegian, named Erickson, in the employ of Messrs. Long and Co, whilst driving an empty dray drawn by two horses across the liver at Kennedy's Crossing, unfor- tunately met his death by drowning, through what ia supposed to have been the overturning of the dray, in consequence of the tide being high and the strong current at the time he attempted to cross. The leading horse got free, but the shaft horse was drowned. Last evening the body of the poor dray- man was recovered from the water. INSANITY AND SUICIDE.-The District Coroner (Mr. J. E. Bowden) held an inquest at the Lunatic Asylum, Parramatta, on Tuesday, the 31st December last, on the body of a man named James Thompson, an inmate of the asylum, who had hanged himself on the night previously. The following is the subi stance of the evidence : James R. Firth, assistant superintendent, deposed: The deceased was 38 years of age, and admited as a patient on the 4th Septem- ber last, from Darlinghurst under a sentence of six months for having attempted suicide by shooting himself; the deceased had a brother living about ten miles eut of Singleton, and who had been communi- cated with that morning by telegram.-John Brown, master attendant, having been sworn, stated ; About 6 o'clock last evening he went on the usual rounds, and called at Thompson's coll ; Thompson was lying an bis bed ; be (the master attendant) said, " Good night; James;" deceased smiled and replied, "Good night, Mr. Brown;" one of the attendants then locked the door.-John Thompson, night watchman in the criminal wing of the institution, stated: About 8 o'clock last night, when he came on duty, he went the usual roundB, and heard the deceased call for-a drink ; he gave him a drink and left him ; the next morning, about half-past 4 o'clock, he was going the usual rounds and looked through the grating into deceased's cell, and saw him, as he thought, standing up against the wall near the door ; he spoke to him but did not receive any answer ; after waiting a few minutes to see if deceased would move, he caUed one of tile atten- dants, who came and opened the door and found de- ceased dead ; deceased was hanging by the neclf. by what appeared to be a piece of sheeting to the end of a bolt that projected about on inch through the jamb of the cell door, about G feet from the ground ; he could uot say whether deceased's feet were touch- ing the ground, but he was quite dead¿ he did. not touch the bodj ; abcuí teu minutes or a quarter of .an hear mid "elapsed from the time he spoke to de- ceased the second time and the time when the door was opened ; he was not allowed to open a cell door by himself, and that was the reason he did not do it immediately when he found deceased djd not speak ; he reported the matter at once to the Superintendent and Assistant-Superintendent-Dr. Charles Taylor, medical superintendent of the institu- tion, deposed : Deceased had suffered from melan- cholia with delusions ; within the last ten days the delusions had returned and deceased had obtained permission to remain in his cell ; that morning, hav- ing heard that deceased bad hanged himself, he went to the cell and saw the body as just viewed by thp jury ; he saw a livid mark round the neck, evidently produced by some ligature, and was shown a strip of canvas sheeting with which deceased was reported, to have hanged himself to a bolt, whioh was shown to the jury ; from the temperature of the body he imagined deceased bad been dead some three or four hours ; with the exception of an old gunshot wound (self-inflicted) beneatn the left breast, no other marks of violence could be seen ; the cause of death was , asphyxia by strangulation; the night watchmaq was not allowed to open a cell-door alone ; on examina? I tion of deceased's sheet, it was found that the piece of stuff by which he had been suspended had formed i part of it The jury returned a, verdict to the effect that the deceased had hanged himself while in a state of insanity, and that no blame was attributable to anyone.-HeraldsPairamatta Correspondent, Jan.l. 