CHECKMATE. Or the Sandhurst Brokers who Came to Sell Paps, but Didn't. On Friday afternoon tho Great Extended Hnstler'a Tribute struok stone in sinking their Bhaft. A great rise in the prico of tho shares immediately ensued. On that ovening they were placed, long after business hours, at 53s. The next day, being a public holi day, tho telegraph office was closed, and, in tho meantimo "the Pups" had fallen con siderably ; at 12 o'clock they wore still falling. Two gentlemen of the Veran dah thought that, under theso circum stances a " good thing" might bo done by a trip to Alelbonrne, with whioh city telegraph communication was stopped. They, therefore, proceeded by the noon train to the metropolis, and when they hod taken then; seats in the carriage, a " mysterious stranger," who appeared to be suffering from tbe prevailing epidemic, so mnffied ap was he, was observed in tho eame compartment. Ho wasfloritioally examined by tho two travellers, but both agreed tbat bo was no Sandhurst Beehive man ; and, thiB conolusion being determined on, both felt relieved from all anxiety. Tho 'stranger " observed a snilen demeanor all tho way to Melbourne, nnd did not even get out to "refresh," al though invltod to do so bv our friends of the " Pupa." Arriving at Flomington, the train stopped, and the " mysterious " made a bolt clean away, to tho utter consternation of his associates. Ho was observed to get into a cab, and that was tbo last that was seen of him — until yesterday, when he reappeared ia his usual haunt, Undor the Verandah. He too had goao down to town to sell "Pups" — and he wont to the Alolbourne racecourse, to sell them there, as ho knew that there tho Melbourne brokers were to bo found. Ho sold all ho bad to Boll at several shillingBin advanno of tbo market prico then current in Sandhurst, and when ho had quiotly got rid of tho lot, ho announced tho awful fact — ' ' Pups woro tumbling down in Sandhurst — when lie left at 2 o'clook they were offered at 43s !" Tho two othor specu lators wont on to Alelbnurnc, and went straight to tho Molbourno Verandah. When they got thore, thero was not tho ghost of a human boing about, and by the timo the people returned to town from tho races, tbo murder was out. Tho smart young man from Sandhurst, who was no othor than the mysterious invalid of tho railway carriage and a woll known broker, had spoilt the "littlo game after tolling liis own shares, ond had offeotuoUy oheckraated tho wide awnko travellers from the Mali to Mnllmnrnn. — Advertiser. 