CHAPl'ER XX MISUNDERSTANDING. Alas 1 how Blight a cause can move Disiencion betwixt beana that love. -Rogers I Madeline Roehampton stood stanng at the carnage in blank despair. This gorgeously-attired yellow haired woman-what was she to Noel ? How dared he outrage her m open day by appearing in public with ner while his wife walked out alone ? Stung almost to madness at the insulting light, she walked straight up to the door. " I wish to speak to the gentleman who has just gone in," she said. " Is he staying here ?" " No, madam. The lady and gentleman have only come to dine I beheve they are leaving by this evening's tram." " Will you tell him I wish to see him P" The man looked at her dubiously .» Her excited appearance, her sty hah dress, and more than all, the fact of her being alone, made him dubious what to do "Any name,ma'amF" he asked, with but scant politeness this time. " Say, his wife " She spoke BO bitterly, and with such an angTy flash in her blue ey es, that the man saw m an instant the brewing of a storm. " The gentleman's wife is with him," he said, and the insolence is not covert now, but expressed in look and tone. " Don't you think you'd better send a message or wnte a note F It's an awkward thing for a man to say, you see." " Will you deliver my message or shall I follow them upstairs ?" she asked haughtily. " Oh, I'll take it," he said , " but if it makes any unpleasantness you musn't blame me Anything else besides the name *" " Tell the gentleman that his wife, Mrs. Roehamp- ton, is waiting for him here-that will be enough." '. And a good deal too much," said the man to him- self as he walked upstairs. " Two wives are more than a dose for any man." Out of heanng of Madeline he stopped one of his fellow waiters going towards the room " What's the name of the parties m No. 5 p" he asked The man looked puzzled. " Roe, or Roe something," he said. " I forget" " Roehampton ?" " That's it." " Mr. and Mrs. ?" " Yes." " Then there's a row coming on-look out for fun. There's another Mrs. Roehampton down in the ball, raging like a tigresB, and ordered me up as though she'd been a duchess. Look at her !" There was a coign of vantage m a corner of the corridor from which they could look down upon the ba 1, and see Madeline sitting there with her naming cheeks and flashing eyes. She was trembling with excitement; they could see the folds of her muslin dress and the lace on her parasol sha held shaking with the agitation she waa trying her best to conceal She was an impulsive, hasty creature, and she could not hide her feelings as some women can, and be outwardly cold and stony while the heart is sorely torn and wounded by contending emotions. She would cry ber wrongs m the market-place, so she thought she could get redress, and she showed her trouble to those waiters, who thought the prospect of the éclaircissement likely to ensue " good fun " " That's the real one, I'll lay a trifle, the second said. " She looks more like a lady than the other, for all her fine clothes." " Poor thing ' But 111 go and take the message, anyway." Mr and Mrs. Eoehampton were seated very com fortablj over a recherché little dinner when the waiter entered. The child had been consigned to the care of one of the female servants, and they were alone Something had occurred there evidently, for they were laughing when the man knocked at the door. "Don't you make any more such blunders, old woman," he heard the gentleman say. " You'll be getting us into scrapes " " I can't help it, it was like looking at your ghost . -besides, when you are in that get-up, j our own mother wouldn't know you apart " " Don't believe I ever had a mother. 'Who's there f Come in " The waiterentered, slightlypmzled as to what man- ner of people these might be. " Mr Eoehampton ?" he said enquiringly. The lady gave a slight-almost imperceptible start at the name The gentleman lifted up his head quietly, and said " That is my name What is it ?" " A lady, sir, wishes to see you " "A lady' What lady P Where is she?" " Below, in the hall, sir." " Did she give no name ?" " Oh, yes, sir. She bade me say, your wife-Mrs. Eoehampton " "My what?" "Your wife, sir." Tne woman with the brilliant dark eyes, and the gleaming, golden bair, moved uneasily in her chair, and her cheeks flushed with a sudden red at the waiter's words An angry exclamation rose to her lips, but her husband checked it " Don't be a fool," he said sharply " It's all right '. The waiter looked at him and thought his manners hardly accorded with his dress and his name His attire was faultless-a perfectly fitting tweed suit, with spotless linen, and a ring of great value and antiquity, evidently an old family jewel, sparkled upon his finger Ho laughed unpleasantly, as he replied to the man's message. "Ask my wife, Mrs Roehampton, to oblige me by going home I am engaged " " But ehe insists on seeing yon, sir " "Does sue I'm afraid she'll be disappointed, I'm engaged Tell her so." The man hesitated He felt sure the lady he had left down stairs had a right to the title she had claimed Something in the look of the fierce black eyes of the golden-haired companion of " Mr Roe- hampton" told him she had none, and he was thunderstruck at the cool audacity of the dis- claimer " Do you hear me ?" the gentleman said " I will not see this person, whoever she is. Bring me no more such messages, please " " But if she waits, su-" " That is your look-out, not mine. If your master allows such women to come here, and send insolent < messages to your customers, it is his affair and j ours Be good enough to leave the room,, and send the woman away. My wife is here with me-that is sufficient for you " And the man went down , and the other servants, scenting what was going on, were peeping from every available place, in hopes of a disturbance, lie told Madeline as gently as he could-for he pitied her-what the gentleman had »aid, and ad \ ised her to go awaj. Sbe stared at him in blank arno zement "Tell me again, please, will you ?" she said. " He told you that his wife was there with him, and he would not see me '"' " Just so, ma'am." "Are you sure j ou went to the right person-the -the gentleman that got out of the carriage at the door ?" " Yes, ma'am, the party m No. ii-Mr. and Mrs. Eoehampton-and the gent saj s he won't see j ou, and you re to go away , and, indeed, ma'am, j ou can't stay here-j ou can't, indeed " There was pity m his tone, for the agonised pale face told what she was suffering. But she read his thoughts, and rose indignantly. " You are mistaken," she said. " But, as you say, I cannot stay here. This is hardly the place for a lady Say to Mr. Eoehampton, if jon please, that 1 bave done his bidding, and gone away." She drew her veil down with a 3erk, and walked away with a firm step, but a wildly beating heart Sht turned down the first street, not knowing where she was going to-not caring in the tumult of passion which was raging within her Noel false 1 Noel so lost to all sense of what was due to himself and her as to be flaunting about with ?mother woman in the ejes of all Edinburgh, dining with her at a pubhc hotel, calling her his wife, and sending word to her to go awaj" 1 She tried to rea- son with herself as she went along, tried to find some clue to the labyrinth of doubts in which she was lost It was all in vam. She could only think that the husband she loved BO dearly was leading two lives-one for her and her child, an innocent, harm- less, peaceful existence - the other a career she dared not e\en contemplate. All the strange circumstances that had sprung up around them rushed into her mind-his father's words to her, the fancied mistakes, the woman's recognition of him the day before ; all these things came before her with overwhelming force, and raised a mighty mountain of suspicion in her heart. She had seen him The waiters knew his name, and looked at her with doubt She, Madeline Roe- hampton, a wife and mother, had been insulted by the servants at a public hotel, and he bad permitted it, and let her go without a word "Where shall I go? What Bhall I do"" she moaned, thinking, as all wives do o\ er their first sorrow, that there can be no more happiness for them while life shall last. " Oh, Noel! Noel' And Ilevedyou so!" She walked on and on, heedless in her wild despiir where she was going, or that her gait and gestures were likely to attract attention She was moaning and murmuring to herself, and her steps weie so unsteady that more than one person turned to look after her But no one interfered with her, as she went straight on. The passers by thought, with the usual justice of humanity, that the lady had, in Scotch parlance, " a wee drap m," and as long as she kept on her legs, they did not trouble themselves about her On she went in her distraction, unconscious where, carelees now, taking note of nothing till the " blue wall of the sea" rose before her, and she roused from her bewilderment to find that she had walked quite out of Edinburgh, and got into a region she had never been in before She had got as far as Tnnity m her aimless wandering, and stood looking upon the blue water, with a feeling creeping upon her that she would like to bury herself and her sorrows under its plaud bosom for eier She was mad for the time-as all would be suicides must be when they take the fatil step over the next world's thres- hold-and Bhe stood with her hands clasped, sway- ing herself to and fro, unconscious that she was an object of remark to any one Two gentlemen passed in earnest talk upon busi- ness topics "What can that gul be doing there?" said one, " She seems in trouble " Trouble ! Yes ! The bands were wringing at each other till the delicate gloves were all torn and hanging loose, and the white teeth had bitten the full, red lips, till blood stood upon them They could not see her face, only her gestures and her uneasy pacing to and fro ' Mad, I should think," said the elder of the two "Escaped from Morningside, perhaps Let us go down to her " " / think she's gomg to jump into the water," the younger man said, and, without wasting another moment, he sprang over the shingle to where Made- line stood, and laid his hand upon her arm ' I beg your pardon," he began, " but-" She turned and faced him, and with a sharp cry of " Madeline," he drew her back from the water's edge, while she, blankly Btanng at them, hardly rea- lised that the two men who had come to prevent her from throwing away her own life ?Bera her own father and her husband Yes, Noel, m the same dress in which she had parted with him, the same she had seen him wear when he got out of the carnage at the hotel door, he had followed har, doubtless She never stopped to think how her father came to be there, but thankful for his presence and protection she clung to his arm, recoiling from her husband with horror "Take me away, papa,' she said 'Take me home, me and my bally I should never have left you." Noel would have spoken to her and supported her, but Bhe shrank from him with such terror and disgust that he stood aloof What had happened, he could not tell-she was so incoherent, and kept begging her father to take her home to Glasgow ' She will come to herself by-and by,' Mr Came- ron said " Get a cab, Noel, and we'll take her home " Whde he was gone, the banker succeeded m get- ting at an idea of what was wrong, and strove to comfort his daughter, with the assurance that Noel bad been with him nearly all the time since she parted with him ; but his words fell on unheeding ears-her agitation had rendered her almost past un- derstanding, and they were fain to take ber back to the hotel, and trust to time to eubdue ber distress and make her reasonable once more. Mr. Cameron had come over to take a personal part in his son-in-law's examination of one of the bank's strong rooms. His journey was unpremedi- tated, and the visit to Trinity arose out of one of the partners living there. There waa a good deal of ex- citement among bankers, for robbeues were again frequent, and the perpetrators of them still tin caught Only two dajs before Mr. Cameron's visit a branch bank m Pollokshaws had been visited, and notes and gold to a large amount abstracted, and a day or two previous to that a large shipping firm at Greenock bad had their offices plundered in broad daylight of a considerable sum. No clue could be obtained-the robberies were believed to be the work of a large gang acting in concert m different places at once-the public were uneasy, and the police completely at fault. " I shall go to the Police Office," said Noel Eoe- hampton, when his father- in-law bad told bun of Madeline's cause of excitement. " I believe tbeae are the people. I cannot believe the horrible thing that this detestable likeness would point to. I can only think that some one bas fixed upon my name and position as a shield for any villainy that he may fancy to perpetrate. Maddy must learn to know her husband better " He spoke with a touch of bitterness, for he felt bitterly. It was hard to bave the sunshine of his life marred by these frequent misunderstandings. They went to the hotel, and the waiters persisted that he was the man who had dined there, and who bad announced his intention of leaving for London by the night mail. No such person or persons as the party bad been seen at either station, nor been heard of in Edinburgh since. Mr Cameron, bia daughter, and her husband left the next day. Made- line was very ill, but begged to go home. Noel was dispirited, and attempted no argument with her to remove the doubt which he could see still rankled m her heart. At Co wlairs they saw a party waiting at the station -a man, woman, and child The man was red haired and bearded, and walked with a crutch ; the child a shabbily-dressed little boy. The woman bad her veil down, but something in ber manner and bearing reminded bim of the woman who had accosted him m London, and whom bis wife had recognised as Desiree Burt. Oddly enough, the man, in spite of his ragged, red beard, recalled to his memory, he could not tell why, the strange person be had met in Leith, and also the John Smith he bad Been for a brief instant on his wedding day. 