We are sure it iriQ afford great satisfaction to all persons "who are interested in mining to find that the BaUarat School of Mines is alive to the importance of. discovering the best means to deal with the pyritous problem. The days of rough and ready mining- are rapidly passing away ; for, though some of our mines still continue to yield well without any special knowledge being applied to the working of them, the fact is becoming more evident every day that the well-doing of onr goldfields in the future will greatly depend upon how far science can be brought to bear upon the work of disintegration. The pyrites problem has troubled an important "section of our mining companies for years past; and although all sorts of devices have been resorted to, to solve it, the admission must even now be made that the treatment of pyrites is far from being as satis factory as could be wished. We roast, and pan, and amalgamate ; and still have to acknowledge that a great waste of gold is going on, notwithstanding the efforts made .to save it. This failure in results is greatly to be regretted, since it has become a well- recognised fact, that if a cheap and really successful method could be hit upon to extract the gold from the pyrites, numbers of quartz claims would pay well to work, which are now abandoned, or at least neglected as not of sufficient account to warrant the continuance of operations. So many cases of this kind have come under public notice during the last five or six years, that the treatment of pyrites has really become a fundamental question; and dull of apprehen sion as the Mining Department usually is, even that branch of the Government service has at length begun to see that the ap pointment of a board or commission to investigate this subject, with a view to devise a satisfactory remedy, would not be either a waste of effort, or a sacrifice of money. The want of a successful means of disintegration not only causes the cessation of operations. in some, mines," where neariy all the gold is held by the pyrites, but it also prevents share holders from benefiting to the extent they might do in mines where the quartz carries sufficient gold outside -the pyrites or sul- phurets to make work remunerative. This , problem is therefore one that cuts both ways. - It stops work in poor mines, and reduces the results of operations in mines which pay. How important it is, then, to the whole community that the difficulty should be solved, may be seen at a glance. Some approach to the successful treatment of sulphurets contained in quartz has been made of late years ; but much more remains to be learned before we shall be able to say that we have really hit upon the right method of disintegration. The present mode, however, is not only incomplete, but very slow and. expensive, and therefore we cannot improve upon it too soon, or too energetically. - - " . " . The School of Mines in this town -has at leDgth determined to see what it can do towards the clearing-up of tins mystery; land all persons interested in mining, either directly or indirectly, will wish it every suc cess with its efforts. It is proposed to raise some £500 . or £600 by public sub scription for the purpose of obtaining a furnace, pans, and the necessary appliances to conduct experiments ; and consider ing the importance of the subject, it is really to be hoped that the1 'response "made by the public will be of the heartiest de scription. The School w» not attempt to interfere with private enterprise — that is, it will not convert itself into a pyrites-treating works for mine-owners. But it will receive test samples — up to half a ton at first, and ultimately to a ton — and fortified with this material,- experimentalise until the most com plete and cheapest method of treatment has been discovered. The Mint at Sydney con tains an apparatus of the Irind which the committee of, management of our School propose to. obtain, and there is someialk in "scientific circles in the metropolis .of. obtain ing a Similar plant for the Mint in Mel bourne But; these establishments are not neariy so well adapted for the land -of experiments required as our School of Mines, and therefore very littie result of a beneficial kind Can be expected from the. experiments which will he made in these two Mfots to get at. the rootof this pyritous difficulty. In the case of the " Ballast School of Mines,- the students will work out the experiments in connection with their other studies, and the consequence will he! that . the improvements attained will be known to a number of persons while pro- , gross is being made, to say nothing of the! : assistance that will be thrown into the work by so many brains- being -brought to bear, upon the solution of the problem. More over, there is this other advantage iu favor of the school, timt the students will in tune become experts in the treatment of pyrites, and therefore of great practical usefulness to mining companies as' managers or superintendents of smelting operations. The -intention in .receiving the test Samples, to which we have referred above, is to show the quantities "of gold they contain, and to im prove by experiments upon the method -of treatment, as fresh tight dawns upon the subject, returning of -course the gold to those companies orperstms who entrust the sUphurete to the pare and manipu lation of the school. . All these objects wjll be carried put; and nodonbt iin time a cheap, efficient, and rapid method &f; , disintegration alighted upon, if the public only .encourages-- the committee pf the school in the ; praitowprthy &sk; in " which they have detennlned ; embark. " TTjet Pmounit'-of money asked for is veiy small in comparison with the value of the experiments which the com mittee propose to cany out, and therefore it will be a reflection upon all persons, who are either directly or indirectly interested in mining, if. the sum is not promptly sub scribed. A School of Mines should not have to beg for necessary appliances. The parsimony of the Government towards this really valuable scientific institution is such, however, as to leave the committee no alternative but to lobk for that assistance from the public which is denied to them by the' State. It -must not be supposed that in making, the foregoing nan arks, we are unmindful of the efforts which are continually being made' by managers of quartz companies to solve this pyrites difficulty. On the contrary, it is well known that several valuable im provements have been achieved by this class. But for the obvious reason that they have neither the time nor the appliances for conducting experiments, the progress made has been small in comparison with the importance of the subject, or the require ments of the goldfields in this respect. The School of Mines will be veiy differently cir cumstanced should its present appeal be suc cessful, as it will then possess not onlythe time to devote to the work of experiment, but also the requisite auxiliaries for the pur pose. With the committee, the whole matter will resolve itself into finding out how to accomplish the work of dis integration and amalgamation cheaply .and effectively ; and it will not need -to husband its time when endeavoring to solve this problem. The School of Mines is therefore the place where experiments to get at the root of this pyrites difficulty should be undertaken, and where they are the most likely to be conducted up to the point of snccess. Considerations of this nature strongly com mend the appeal of the school committee to the favorable review of our local bodies, as well as to the sympathies of all those persons who are either directly or indirectly associated with mining operations. Me Mackay gained veiy little, if he gained anything at all, by his wordy en counter with Mr Joseph Jones, in the Assembly, last Wednesday evening. Nor is this surprising, seeing that all the wrong was on the one side, and all the right on the other. Mr M ACHAT really had no cause to complain; for Mr Jones had made no accusation , against him in his now famous letter. The particular sentence complained of was very harmless, as the following republication of it will show : — " The unfair " use of the forms o£»Paiiiament, in order to " steal an expression of opinion to jus- " tify the Minister's foregone conclusion, " is but one of the instances which give ' rise to the suspicion that the "Ministry " have from the first had a collusive under- " standing with the claimholders." Mr Mackay took this sentence to himself, whereas it referred to the whole Govern ment, and therefore Mr francis as Chief was the member who should have com plained, if any one complained at alL But the smallest boy in a lawyer's office could have told Mr Mackay that, a mere state ment, that a certain thing done had excited a suspicion, does not -constitute a charge. Mr "jones might, therefore, very well have replied that all he wrote was that the public had formed a- notion that there had been a " collusive understanding" between the Ministiy and the claimholders ; and as tins notion certainly does prevail amongst a large number of persons, Mr jones only stated a substantial truth, without in "any way affixing the suspicion himself to Mr Mackay and his colleagues. We do not believe that any such understanding existed, and certainly not that it was "collusive," as that term is ordinarily accepted now-a- days. But' the suspicion has arisen out of the fast and loose manner in which Mr Mackay has played with the whole ques tion, and more particularly out of (he extra ordinary speech he made to the claimants and the claimholders last Friday in the Mining Office. Mr jones, however, very properly took a higher stand, and declined to avoid an explanation because the grounds upon which it was applied for Were extremely weak. He instanced the Mining Department saying one tiling in the letter of the 1st of April and something diametrically opposite, through Mr- Mackay, on the 18 tk of June, and took his stand on the glaring inconsistency these two statements, one written and the other verbal, disclosed. -In the letter of the 1st of April a very proper statement was made, namely, that the Mining Department would not interfere with the action of the law courts ; whereas in the verbal statement Mr Mackay announced that he would issue the leases — thus attempting to override the Judge's decision, since this was the sole object for which the applications were put in, and Mr Mackay knew this as well as the claimholders. We cannot compliment the Minister of Mines on the way he wriggled out of the difficulty Mr jones forced him into in this part of his speech. If he knew that (he letter of the 1st of April had been written, then he ought to have known better than to have acted as he did last Friday. If he did not know of that circumstance, then he conducts the Mining Department very loosely, seeing that he is committed to a conrse of action . about which be knows, nothing. How many other letters, we may wellenquire, have been sentby the permanent bead of this department, to deal with per haps far- more important interests, of which Mr Mackay is now in blissful ignorance ? Surply thisstyleof conducting business in the Mining Department needs, very prompt re vision, or there is no telling what difficulty it may hot lead the Ministry and the coun try into before such vagaries cease. The whole matter which led up to Wednesday's, jpbation, however; seems to" lis to liAirYa" nutshell. The Ministry came to the con clusion, from the debate in the House on - the Jumps, that a majority of "the Assembly were in favor of the claimholders, and therefore the Ministry incontinently rushed into their embraces. They were more afraid of losing their majo rity than they- were at the time of .the law courts. Hence the speech oflast Friday, and the bungling by which it was accompanied. Probably they have since seen the folly of their' ways', and may make some atone ment in "the future — 6ay, by not issuing the leases— in which case they will no doubt escape further censure. But, in the mean time, people. are puzzled to know-on which horn of the dilemma to impale them— par tiality, or stupidity. As for Mr Jokes, he came put of the encounter with flying colors, because all the' right of the. temporary quarrel was upon his side. It will be seen by our Melbourne correspondence, tbiB morning, that his Honor Judge MolesTrorth has upset another mining lease. Jumps are im proving. ' . The Court of Insolvency opened and closed yes- terday ; only a few unimportant cases were on the list. In the case of an insolvent who had com- menced business without capital, and now sought a dispensation from paying 7s in the £1, his Honor refused the application, saying he would not encourage people of this stamp to go into business without capital, when they should be content to work at their trade for a living. Messrs James Davies and John Joseph Sauer having been nominated for the vacant seat in the Buninyongshire Council1 for the West Riding, a poll will be taken on Monday week, at the State schoolhouse Mount Clear ; Collas' hotel, Black Lead ; and the State school, Little Hard Hills. His Honor Judge Bindon visited the School of Mines yesterday, and expressed much pleasure at all he saw, and the improvements daily taking place in the institution. Dr Hudson also paid the school a visit, and promised a valuable collection of minerals as a donation—all such being very thankfully received by the registrar. The Pleasant Creek News fights the cause of its slothful clients bravely, but it is beginning to be a little more unscrupulous than usual in its state ments. For example, it is alleged in yesterday's issue of this veracious paper, that several of. the men who went to Stawell from BaUarat on Sunday, to assist in the pegging-out operation, have since .complained that they were misled In taking this journey by promises of wo'rk on their arrival — that is, we presume, what is intended by the phrase, permanent work. Now, every man was sent up for a specific purpose, and he knew it. Therefore we have no hesitation in averring that this state ment made by the News is utterly untrue. There is another statement made by tins paper which ought to be known down here; and therefore wc republish it in our columns. It is the following: — " We hear, from good authority, that a warrant will he taken out thin day against another member of the jumping fraternity, for obtaining money under false pretences, as it appears this individual represented himself as a clerk in a well-known solicitor's office ; but the well-known solicitor denies the connection, and asserts he is only a 'private detective.' So much for the morale of this disin terested body of gentlemen." Warrants nresnwk- ward instruments to trifle with, and therefore it is to be hoped the prosecutor in this case has some cause for taking the step threatened by the News, or the consequences may prove the reverse of pro fitable to him. The contractor for the Gnarr Creek culvert has finished that portion which ran under the old Arm strong street bridge ; and the roadway is now being filled up. , It would be a convenience to residents' on Soldiers' Hill — ladies especially — if one panel of the upper" fence across the road was removed, to allow of passenger traffic on the east ride of Arm strong street, above the. Corporation Baths. The thirty -six th anniversary of the Queen's accession to the throne will be celebrated this' evening by a special service in the Good Templars' Hall, to he hrid under the auspices of the Protes tant Alliance Friendly Society of Victoria. The Bev. G. A. C. Innes will preach a sermon on "Bible and Crown and the Rev. G. W. Watson, chaplain of No. 22 lodge, will take part in the proceedings. The choir will be led by Mr J Uren, and Miss Cutter will preside at the harmonium. The expression of feeling from the inhabitants of Egerton, upon knowing that Mr W. S. Bobb was acquitted of the charge made against him, took a shape as unexpected as it must have been gratify ing to that -gentleman. It was about half-past six o'clock on Wednesday night when the decision of the bench was made known, and as it is certain that "bad news travels fast," so.it is equally sure good news travels as fast. When Mr Bobb and a few horsemen reached the north "boundary of Egerton, from 100 to 200 of the inhabitants were waiting for him. From the intense dark ness of the night, lanterns were a necessity ; and the procession, with loud cheers, fell rapidly into order, and amid the firing -of gnus and pistols, the music of ail kinds of instruments (musical and discordant, the ringing of the church and school bells, blowing of engine whistles, bon fires, burning of tar barrels, the cheers of the crowd, and their heartfelt shouts — "Bobb is free," " Bobb is innocent "—that gentleman was escorted to his home. Bands of men and boys afterwards paraded the more distant parts of the town, with tin kettles, fifes and drums, spreading the news by their continued shouts. Mr Bobb's return to his home was more that of a conqueror than one who but a few hours previously labored under the sus picion of a foul crime. On Wednesday the usual half-yearly installation of officers took place in St. John's Lodge of Free masons, No. 427, LC. A large number of the brethren assembled on the occasion. Avery pleasant. evening was spent after the lodge's business was over. The spread was prepared by Br C annum, of whose catering the brethren speak quite enthusi astically. Br Robertson, PAL, and Br Trevor, AY.1L, installed the new officers as foUow : — W.M., " Br H. I. White ; s.W., Br H. Harding ; JAY., Br Swaync ; sec., Br B. Baton ; s.D., Br J. Webb ; J.D., Br G. F. Patterson ; LG., Br H. C. Herbert ; tylcr, Br J. Bae; stewards, Bis Dawson and Strickland. The lodge was held in the new hail. There was a large surplus of tasty edibles after the banquet was over, file balk of which, with true Masonic feeling, Br Cannam dispatched as a present to the widow and children of a deceased brother. Mr Alroe, of Sehastopol, on Thursday showed us a specimen of bar iron from the Lai Lai mines. The piece of metal appeared to be singularly pure, and in the opinion of Mr James, MX. A. (a gentle man who ought to be an .authprity), could not possibly be of superior quality, as it bore a bard and polished point almost equal to steeL Two women of the town, Ellen O'Brien and Elizabeth Cogblan, were yesterday committed for trial by the Eastern bench for committing robbery in a brothel in Esmond street, a mhn named John son bring the victim. We are requested by Mr George Francis Clium- berlin, chemist, of Strut street, to state that he has no connection with the G. F. Chamberlain who was plaintiff in a recent court -case, Chamberlain v Walsh. At file request of the Central Board of Health, we publish the following notice from the Gazette — "Importance of Vaccination. — The recent intro duction of small-pox to the colony has again shown pur liability to such an attack -at any moment ; and although the disease has happily been again prevented from gaining a footing here, the Central Board of Health deem it of great importance to the safety of the public that every .advantage should be taken of the present very, favorable season for vaccination, so that the protection which vaccination is known to afford against the honors of small- pox, may be extended as widely as possible throughout the colony. "The Central Board therefore trust that the local sani tary authorities will use all means in their power for securing the extension of vaccination in tlieir respectivc districts ; and as the board believe that the ministers of the various religious bodies might very beneficially use the influence and opportunities they possess iu directing attention at the present time to tiie proved benefits of vaccination, they desire-to appeal to the latter also to use their in fluence in promoting a hearty compliance with the provisions of the Vaccination Act. — T. B. Wilson, secretary. Central Board of Health Melbourne, 10th June, 1673." The foundation-stone of a new Presbyterian Church at the Springs, Mount Bolton, will be laid on Tuesday next, at one p.m., by Mr Robertson, of Mount Mitchell. The ceremony is likely to attract a considerable number of interested onlookers. "Justitia" had better communicate his advice direct to Mr Jones, such : recommendations not being suitable to newspaper columns. The exhibition of the Cluncs School of Design is to take place at Apollo Hall on Tuesday next. The committee have decided to ask Messrs Bland, Lewis, and Appleby to act as judges. In the evening, tin addition -to-the distribution of "prizes, there will be a concert. A large number of tickets have been sold. Last Sunday at dunes was observed as Hospi tal Sunday. The amounts collected at the various churches" were: — Westejait, £14 2s j Roman Catholic, £13 ; Episcopalian, £12 7s 6d ; Presby terian, £7.; Bible Christian, £3 10s; Welsh Chink. £8. -The Primitive Methodists postponed the col lections-till a future Sunday. . The -funeral of 'thfe late Brother John Watson, D.K.W.G-T-, will take place to-mOrrow, from his late residence, 71 George street, Fitzroy, at three o'clock. AUmonbeis of the Order «e, requested to attend. ... ' Mrs W. Leweii announces in another column that she has re-opened the premises of her late husband, in Main .road, as a boot and shoe shop. " Simon," the : writer" jri the " Bus Papers" in the Weekly Tunes, has rather a good hit at die Minister of Mines. He writes : — " The Minister of Mines ' was rather annqyed last Wednesday when he found that- none of the widows or orphans of the -deceased claimholders were present at the interview with reference to the alleged jumping ;cfflse. He observed to a friend "of mine (privately) -that his bands, and the hands of the Government, would hive been very -sensibly strengthened by : the waving of a few cambrics, and the wailing of ' the -rich; bnt, alas, fathcxiess children interested i in the shepherding of the mines in "question. It is- a pity that the "claimholders had not received a .hint on this score, as l understand they had all the reliefs rmd orphans ready for exhibition !! they had been requited. It is farther stated "that Mr Maekay had half a dozen baby-jumpers ready for . tbe nse of tho little ones, but this I can scarcely believe, jis be has set his face dead against jump ing altogether. . Whilst wehave not'fhcletst sympathy with Permissive Bills, we heartiy coincide with efforts like "file subjoined to extend temperance principles. Bia HitiirtrJiiilpa Blrianaf l|tfl , hfTP AfiW lecture «m temperance at the" Geekmg Conrt. A youth, eighteen,' w» charged rwith an offence, and the jury found turn not guilty. ...His Honor (says the Advertiser addressing the prisoner, said; "Yon are acquitted ; rat before you leave fiiecourt I de sire-to impi-uf«>n-youJhedesirabUity-ofin future abstaining from -drink. The evidence, shows plainly that your troubles originated ;from tins anise; "that you wcntlte bedori the evening of the occurrence -drunk end etaggenng. Peroefvlngto what drink hgi ue vise,- you will henceforth become a teetotaller. All the brandy sod whisky in the universe, would not compansa te yoq. or your parents, if you have any present, for one minute of the pain you and they have suffered this day. . . If this should be the means of inducing you to lead & sober life, this trial will only prove a blessing to you: In my experience, and I urn now getting an old man, X have seen many go to ruin through taking the devil into their mouths, and I would enjoin you never again to allow yourself to be carried away by such vicious indulgences." > According to the Telegraph, a meeting of the committee of the "Victorian Anti-Sabbatarian League was held on Wednesday night, in the Athens um, Collins street east ; Mr Cooney occu pied the chair. Some discussion arose as to the advisability of employing a paid collector, and it was ultimately decided that the appointment should .merge into that of secretary, filled by Mr Oliver. It is intended to hold a public meeting at an early date, which will be duly notified. Preliminaries were arranged, and the meeting ter minated. Mr J. Mackenzie, the Government examiner of coalfields for New South Wales, left Melbourne (says the A rgvs) on Wednesday, on his tour of inspection in this colony. He will first examine the coal seams which have been exposed at the Bass. He is accompanied by Mr Krausse, a sur veyor of the Mining Department. Tlic Age has received from the Bev. J. T>. O'Sullivan, Bomau Catholic priest at Portland, a statement in which he denies tliat he denounced the schoolmaster from the altar, and asserts that his removal from the Portland district is not due to such conduct on his part. A new branch of industry (says the Age) is to be seen at the yard of Messrs W. Train and Co., Sandridge road. It is tire flooring of a verandah, composed entirely of Willunga slate. The design. Ss a very neat one, and the clean appearance of the polished slabs gives it a very elegant look. Such ivcrandahs -have lately come much into -use in Adelaide, but the ODe referred to is the first which has been constructed in "Victoria. It has- been completed to the order of Mr Boreal, of Richmond. The Sunday-train question was discussed with the Minister of Railways on Wednesday, by a de-. potation which represented a variety of places, metropolitan and provincial, but chiefly the Sand- ' hurst district. Mr Gillies (adds the Age) arid he would ascertain whether the trains would pay. A telegram has been received by the Govern ment from the Superintendent of Telegraphs at Sydney (writes the Telegraph), intimating that the Brisbane Parliament on Wednesday passed a reso lution iu favor of the construction of a cable from Sydney to New Zealand, and from Norman Mouth to Singapore, thus giving a second line to Eng land. In the Argus of 24th May it was stated, on the authority of an English paper, that the only son of Baron Rothschild of Vienna had married the daughter of an Austrian archduke, and had changed his religion for tliat of liis bride. The Jewish Chronicle denies the truth of the report, and says : — "An absurd paragraph has been going the round of the papers, to ilic effect that a son of Baron Acsekn De Rothschild has just married an Austrian archduchess. The report is quite with out foundation, and it is our pleasing duty" to give it unqualified contradiction." The Telegraph says that Mr Philipps, MMV A f waited upon the hon. the Minister of L&ncU; on Wednesday, to ask that the land reserved for raring purposes at Clunes should be gazetted. Mr Casey promised that the request should be complied with. There is an item in our telegraphic intelligence from Sydney this morning (remarks Thursday's Argus) about which it will be interesting to learn further particulars. Captain Moresby, of H.M.S. Basilisk, has, we are informed, 14 taken formal pos session of New Guinea as British territory." Such a proceeding seems so much opposed to the declared policy of the Imperial Government regarding foreign possessions, that wc should be justified in assuming that there lias been some mistake in the matter. A correspondent writes to the Telegraph , showing that the " ghost " appeared in foggy weather, and attributes the phenomenon to a mirage, or remote objects being seen double as if reflected in a mirror. No doubt the writer is correct in bis hypothesis. The Express states that Messrs Anderson Brothers, saw-mill owners, of Bullarook Forest and Dean, accompanied by Messrs Win. Clarice and Montgomery, MX.A., had aa interview on Thurs day morning with the Assistant- Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey, for the purpose of elicit ing whether the regulations to be framed In relation to the red gum forests of the Murray would apply to the Bullarook Forest, it being contended that such regulations would not be suitable for the latter place. It was further asked whetlier any applica tions in connection with the Bullarook Forest had been received by the department. Mr Hodgkinson said the matter s-ould be brought under the atten tion of the Minister. We are again 'compelled to hold over several letters which shall have space given to them in a day or two. 