COliRESPONDENCli. : ? ' ' ' ? ? ?. * ' ' ; '..'??. [Our columns aro o'pon to the IVeo discussion of .publl'o . and social questions, but tho opinions expressod uro not to be regarded as editorial,.] ? ? 'BOHEMIAN' AND THE CLERGY. TO THE EDITOR 05 THE ' TEIi-EOHA-pn.' ? Sib, — Wo Christians have amongst us a con siderable number of athojsts,' deists, and nihi lists. Theso men hnto Christianity with a diabolical hatred, and nover lose an opportunity of sneering or Bcofllng at it. 'Xhoir rage vents itsolf in particular on creeds, ceremonies,1 and liturgies. ' The Atlmnasian Oreed is at any time sufficient to drive them furious. It is so malig nant and uncharitable. In fact, thoro is one fundamental dogma of Christianity ombodiod iu that creed^ which is gall and wormwood lo men ot the latituuiuunan school, to wit, that, iu tho world to come, the wioked' shall bo doomed to eternal punishment. That doctrine is in tho last degree illiberal mid uncharitable, 'arid, they reject it with horror und loathing. In point of fact, it does not at all suit them ; it is a. inoBt uncomfortable doctrine, and cannot by any moans squoro^wilh tho tonor of thoir lives. Creeds, forms, and ceremonies, however, are not sufficiently tangible, and our friends look out for some living embodiment of the ecclesiastic system on which to pom' the vials of thoir pent-up wrath. When, thon, the unfortunate' parson shows himself but for a moinont, there \ is a mad rush of furious scribblers. Down with him — down with tyranny and, dogmatism— long live 'free thought' and the ' brotherhood of man !' &c.; Now, is not this tho fact 1 Is it not quite the rule with, a clique of writers in your contemporary ? They never miss an opportunity; tho parsons nro always fair game, from ? tho Anglican Bishop to the humblest curate. I have observed this for a long time — at first with wonder, by and by with a protty clear conception of tho real causo. Thero is no affectation of fairness, decency, or courtesy ; it is all broad, downright, unvarnished coarseness. On Friday last ' Bohomiou' actually gloated ovor tho charming and delight ful prospoct of.tlio proximate atlirvation of Iho parsons in Victoria. Think of that from tho fueile pen of tho gontlo, the witty, tho accoin nlished ' Bohemian !' In tlin sninn nrtinln ho retailed with great relish a ' joko' Binco become famous, and likely to be at Iea9t a ' nine days wonder.' The Church of England clergy felt called upon to protest against the praclico of joking on sacred tubjeutd, and surely in doing so they did not travel beyond their province. Still I think their action injudicious, and its result unpleasant. ' Bohemian's' fuu is eo poor,' so labored, so fur-fetched, that one rarely reads him for pure amusement. Most likely tho 'joke' would havo merited but a passing glance. Now, however, that it has been' coiidcmnod, it has acquired a fictitious and undue importance. No doubt the miserable ghost of u joke was coarse, profane, blasphemous. The anecdote might have been authentic, and the reply given in tho manner detailed wilh6ut the slightest shadow of impropriety ; hut the deliberate con coction und elaboration of the wrotehod witti cism in the studious quiet of tho literary sanctum reflects little credit on tho author. The clergy wished to give expression to tho dissatisfaction of the serious portion of tho community, and I, for one, perfectly concur in their sontiments. But EeotheconBequencos. 'BohoniinuV'satollitesrush to the rescue, and if we uro to trust the editorial note they do so in legion. Two of the mildest ellu . sions are sclectod, and oven they aro pruned of the' strongest expressions.' They occupy half a column of disgusting profanity, cerlaiulg worthy of, ' Holy well-street,' and no mistake. I hare never seen in the Queensland press anything approaching the horrid and blasphemous senti ments in 'Layman's' loiter; if ho had Bigned 'Antichrist' ho 'Would have been somothing nearer tho mark. It is worse than useless to , discuss or examine thorn. They are totally unfit for tho eyo of any Christian man or woman, and should be carefully put out of tho way of children at all events. Worse and worse, too, is tho editoriul approbation given to these letters. Thus', thoy uro not mere corres pondence, . but tho' professed opinions of tho journal itself. One word more. Theso writers feol bound to exhibit ' Bohemian' as ' a preacher of right eousness' exercising ' a healthy infhicnco over wrongdoers.' Surely thoy havo short memories,' und sadly ' o'orslop the modesty of nature.' But perhups tho now Gospel permits 'random' hits al good men's characters, and abrogates tho undent precept, 'Thou shalt not bear falso witness against thy neighbour.' ' Yours, &o.;, OHBISTfANUS. Brisbane, April 3rd. 