AMUSEMENTS. THE DRAMA. Tho spirit which has characterised tho management of Messrs. Harwood and Co. at tho Theatre Royal was well exemplified on Saturday evening in the production of Victor Hugo's tragic play of Ituy Bias. Its selection, like that of many other pieces which havo been recently boforo the public, was evidently dictated on tho penny wise and pound foolish principle of false economy. Tho Germans havo a provorb, "paint is choap," and those energetic gcntlomcn who have succeeded in getting all tho dramatic business of the colony into their hands seem to havo adopted it as their motto. Mr. Hennings's versatile brush and the accom panying sconic paraphoraalia have been called on to do the duty formerly looked for at tho hands of competent actors, namely to amuse, educate, and refine the public. Plays without a particle of human interest for tho preseut generation havo been disen tombed, paltry American and prurient French melodramas have been forced on the Btage, contrary to good tasto and the voice of tho press and the patrons of the theatre, for no other reason than that their representa tion cost nothing more than the price of tho paint required for their mounting. Tho com pany, except when reeruitedby a star of about the sixth magnitude, havo been called on to accommodate themselves, irrespective of age, appearance, or ability, to every charac ter tlie Procrustean manager may think proper to allot thoin. Henco the mannerisms, the affectations, and defects of each havo nightly become mere obvious, until at last to have seen ono of the company in any piece is to have seen him or her in all. And if, then, the abilities of these artists were analysed conscientiously, if wo were "no thing to extenuate, or aught set down in malice," bow comparatively littlo could bo said complimentary. Of course thoy lack tho assistance of late, except in the matter of "ordering" and superintendence, of "Melbourne's onto comedian," a3 Mr. Har wood at one time proclaimed himself, and this may account for the shortcomings that are so painfully obvious as regards acting. Certainly, the " comedian " was much more popular than tho "manager," and the sooner he iB relegated to Jus true sphere so much tho better will it be for all who are interested in tho success of tho Theatre Royal. Tho production of Ruy Bias was a blunder, as it must have shown, if thoso who have tho direction of such matters were capablo of forming a judgment, that they were weakening their hand by allowiug their trump card, Mr. Dampier, to appear to dis advantage. Thi3 actor's assumption of Ruy Bias was extremely disappointing to witness. Ho had achieved triumphs, comparatively speaking, in M&phistopheles; and Grimaldi. For such impersonations he seemed to possess special and uncommon abilities, such ports, however, are in a measure fanciful in their peculiarity, and every one felt anxious to ascertain how the new actor would shape when subjected to the test of fulfilling tho exigencies of an ordinary character. From tho start, however, it was apparent that ho was unequal to tho occa sion. He was stiff, stagy, and mechanical in every scene, whether accepting tho bril liant offer of the revengeful noble, indulging in reminiscences of thepastwith the dissipated courtier, rebuking the counsellors of tho Stato for their avarice and opxiression of the people, pouring forth his talo of lovo to the Princess, lecturing Don Sallust on his in famous plot against a woman, engaged in the fatal struggle with the Count, or in giving up tho ghost for tho sake of the woman he had inspired with affection. Like all of the Bchool to which ho evidently belongs, ho seoms to mistake rant for tho expression of passion, a lugubrious monotone for impressive elocution, a studied pose for an eff ective situation, stago business for artistic treatment, and the mechanical observance of rules for an intellectual appreciation of the spirit of tho character impersonated. It must bo admitted that tho language and action of tho piece wore sufficient to draw any but a very experienced and excellent actor into errors of the kind to which wo have alluded; and though Mr. Dampier did not fulfil all the expectations formed of his ability when judged by his first efforts, yet he may in other and more interesting charac ters recover his position, and prove that staginess is accidental rather than peculiar to his stylo of acting. Mr. Stuart O'Brien in the role of Don Sallust, the intriguing Minister of State, carried away all tho honors of the evening. He displayed the true artistic spirit of earnestness. Except at one trifling point he had the words of the part satisfactorily committed to memory, so that there was more scope afforded for facial expression, and tho "suiting of the action to tlie words," which no artist can do proper justice to when he is not thoroughly con versant with the text. Miss Eleanor Carey did not promoto hor claim to be considered a leading actress by her assumption of the role of the Princess de Neuberg. It is an ungrateful aud iuvidious task to speak in depreciating tonus of a lady who is donbtless desirous of pleasing her patrons ; and, though actresseB like authoresses should not on account of their being of tho gentle sex receive any more consideration than thoir male compeers when they come under the literary scalpel, still it would savor of an ungenerous spirit not to accord at least justice to tho former, and if possible, "be to their faults a little blind." Miss Carey's imperfections on Saturday evening were, however, so obvious that it would clearly he obf uscation on tho part of anyone not to per- ceive them. This lady possesses a peculiar style of intonation when a long speech iB to bo delivered, and which may not be in appropriately denominated the stage chant. Thore is a monotone of half a dozen sentences when a variation of a semitone occurs, and a bar or two is thus delivered. A rapid utterance in the upper register, and a sudden descent to the original tono, with a diminu endo cfi'cct brings the monochardising to a close. Now, if Miss Carey could only be in duced to acquire a knowledge of the true art of emphasising hor words this defect might ultimately be overcome. She is un fortunate in not having more varied ex perience. The fact of Doing brought con stantly into contact for years with tho same actors produces an imperceptible tendency to imitate them, and as it is easier to ac quire defects than excellencies, the result is as everyono knows, that tho Theatre Royal company would not suffer by disintegra tion, were it only for tho sake of giving tho actors a change of air. Mr. Ire land played Don CroBar de Bazan, a dissi pated out chivalrous courtier, who appears for a short time, and is then relegated to a dungeon for the purposes of tho play. Mr. VVardo took the part of a senile grandee, whoso principal peculiarity is that ho acknowledges the unp'osterto be the real Simon Pure, rather than allow it to bo sup posed that he was too blind to perceivo tho difference. The remaining characters were tilled with supers, and as they had very little else to do than strut about tho stago in tinsel finery, thoy did not materially effect the interest or success of tho perfor mance. Thero is ono point, however, in connection with tho representation that must not be passed over in silence. Wo refer to the extreme seediucss of tho attiro of all the actors who appeared in the piece. The ladies were passable, but the texture of the garments worn by the great hidalgos and grandees of the court must havo pro claimed the proud aristocracy of the period to be in a lamentable state of impecumosity. It is unnecessary to particularise, as thero was scarcely an exception in the respect wc mention. The burlesque that followed was the Very Last Days of Pompeii, which out-Heroded Herod in utter stupidity. It was beneath contempt, and should be passed over without notice. An exodus of members of the dramatic profession — and a most important one, too — took placa this week. Mr. James Allison, tho well-known theatrical agent, left Mel bourne by tho steamer Alainga-for Ade laide, accompanied by the following ladies and gentlemen, who will form tho corps dramalimie for the ensuing Beasoa in that city : — I red. Belton and his wifo (Miss Emma Austin), Miss Douglass, Miss Louisa Crawford, Miss Polly Leake (Mrs. R. Roberts), Miss Florack, Miss Scott (Mrs. Martin Fordo), Messrs. John Dunn, Sam Poolo, Martin Forde, Metcalfe, Mortyn, Dcordyn, and Tom Lewis. The first stars who will appear are Mr. and Mrs. Bates. Tho opening night at the Adelaide Theatre Royal has been fixed for Saturday evening, the 11th October, aud the initial per- formauce ,is to be the sensational drama of Frou Fron, with Mrs. BateB as the heroine. 