A. MAKER OF MONSTROSITIES. Paris has just lost another celebrity, one Femorus, whose skill in the manufacture of I monstrosities must have often made Barnum envious. Femorus first tried his apprentice hand on beasts, and succeeded in concocting no end of two-lieaded cows, five legged birds, horned rats, and such harmless -wonders, which went the round of all the fairs for many years. These, however, at ; length pot stale and unprofitable. Modern civilisation demanded something more at tractive, so Femorus turned his cunning to the human race itself. In 1854 he was sen tenced to five years' imprisonment for trying to implant the wings of a swan in the back of a child two years old. with the object of making a second cupid! On leaving the prison he recommenced business by manu facturing all sorts of " natural curiosities," too ugly to specify, anatomical museums, but the' demand not being equal to the supply, he was forced to brush up his in genuity once more. This time he resolved to operate on himself, and he attempted to engraft the comb of a cock—a Gallic one, of course—on his own head. It was doomed to be his last wonder. The en grafting resulted in abcese, .from which he died after a fortnight's suffering. At least, so the Paris papers tell us.—Echo. A Tale of Terror.—A tale of incred ible horror reaches the New York Herald from Illinois. It is well, that journal save, for the journalistic mind that it is not often called upon to describe an event of such infey<and unmitigated gloom. The time was August, the skies werefair, when seated in a railway car, bright, blooming-, bashful, and beautiful a young bridal pair wept forth from Peoria. The husband of an hour was all pride and tenderness ; but the bride all bonnet and blushes. As the slow train moved from the station, the fair young being incautiously put her head out of the window, perchance to scent the morning breeze, like Hamlet's father's ghost; per chance to wave a last farewell to the weep ing friends of her childhood. Too. too fatal moment! A telegraph pole did nat decapitate her: ah no! That were joy compared to Hastily bringing her head within the car, she buried an agonised face in her hands. The terrified bridegroom is eaid to have in stantly expressed himself, with groat pre sence of mind in this touching and me morable language—' What is it, darling ? What frightened it, dear? Tell its own habbv ? What makes it cry ?' Wh#t, in deed', O vicious Fate! She had dropped a lovely and expensive set of teeth out of the window. She never smiled again until she had visited a dentist. When a farmer loses a horse, a sheep or any other animal, instead of throwing the carcass to the dogs Mid cows, or burying it, and in this matter losing it, let him throw over it a few handfuls of slaked lime and then from eight or 10 times the bulk of the animal of earth. By this means the fertiliz ing gases which are thrown off during the decomposition of the animal will be ab sorbed. He will then have one or two cart loads of manure, which will pay him five times over for hip rains. 