SECOND DAY. There was a larger attendance to-day, but the wea ther, like the Brst day, was intensely hot. The ? at event was The HurDL. RACE of £80 ; all horse.; one mile and a half six leaps 8ft. 6in. high. Mr. B. Adair's b.g. Euthulla, 4 years, Sat. 10lbs. (Thompson) 1 Mr. B. W. Stuarut's b.g. Playboy, aged, lht. 1Ilk. Euthult went to the front loely lowed by Playboy; both jumped well, but the youngster had too much foot and woneasily. This wean great boil over, 8 to 2 being laid against Entholla and few takera. The Bosh HAxnrCAP of £100 fell through. Hoao RIAC of £10; all horses a weight for age; a mile heat,; winner to be sold for £20. Mr. W. B. Morphy's g.g. Dandy, aged, 9st. llbe ... ....... (Smith) 8 11 Mr. M'Kenna's b.g. Tommy Dodd, aged, 9at. 111bs...... (M'Grath) 1 0 0 Mr. Moody's b.g. Young Spot, aged, Dst. 11lbe. .......... (Moody) 0 0 0 Young Spot and Tommy Dodd went away together, Dandy saving for the next beat, allowing Tommy Dodd to win the Bret heat and winning the other two easily. Dandy was bought in by his owner for £20. The FLrYING HADICAcr of £25, for all horeas one and a quarter mile. Mr. Johnston's b.g. Kildare, aged, Oast. 2lbe. • (Tanner) 1 Mr. Hogan's b.g. Erin, aged. 9st. lllbs. (Mark) 2 Mr. Stuart's g.g. Robin Hood, aged, st. llbs. (M''Glratbh) 8 Mr. Murphy's g.m. Grayskim was drawn from this race, and Kildare had it all his own way and won e?sily. The CoasoLATrom STrES of '16 for all honae that hkne not won at the maeet; han licsp; one mile and a distonce. Mr. W. B. Murphy's g.m. Greyskim, 9st. g91bes. aged ............(Smith) I Mr. Olune's b.g. Battleaxe, 9st., 5 years (Stuart) 2 Greyskim went to the front and won easily; the weight telling on the colt, who should have boen much lighter in this race. The oettlemest came off at Mr. M'Kenno's Com mercial Hotel at 4 o'clock on Friday afternoon, and thus ended the worst races the Romans ever had. The race ball was held at the theatre on the sseond night of the races and was not numerously attended; the event in the ball line being the bachelors' ball, held at the same place, on the night of the 81st March. The decorations, lighting, and refreabshments were simply perfection, and she merry party did not separate "till daylight did appear." I am sorry to have to record the death of Mr. Patrick Hogan, of Donnybrook, which took place on Sunday evening, the 30th March, the mause being an apopletic fit. He was attended by Dre. Smitlh and Meoran, but to no purpose. Mr. Hogan was buried at the cemetery on Monday afternoon, when every busi ness place was closed as a token of respect to one of our oldest and most respected sportsmen, andthe on course of followers was very large. The funeral ser lice was read by Dr. Moran; and great sympathy was epressed for Mrs. Hogan, who was sent for when Mr. Hogan was taken worse, but did not arrive in Reoma tIll to-day. A man awhote name I don't know broke his leg on the second day of the races galloping home from the course; he is now in the hospital. Rome, April 1. Actors in England hare taken a leaf out of the glasmen's and policemen's book, and have ihad recourse to a strike, in order, not to obtain an increase, but to compel the " ghost to walk" for snrrices performed At Preston, just before the transformation scane of the pantomime, the orchestra left their places and the clown and pantaloon addressed the audience, stating they had sot been paid. A promise being given that the money taken at the doors during the evening should be divided amongst the artiste, work was re seumed. The terrorism of strike has been attempted in Melbourne. One evening during tbhe pantomime, in which an elephant formed a large portion of the attraction, the huge beast did not make his appearance on the stage at the appointed time. Down rushed the manager to inquire the cause, and was told that the elephant's right hind leg had refused togo. On being interrogated that important means of elephantine locomotion intimated that he would not budge uless his salary was increased by five shillings. The recal citrant hind log was ignominiously expelled from the theatre. The elephant did not appear that night, and tlhe idea of strike was nipped in the bud.-" Atticuas" in the Melbourne Leader. aer-UTAIAIt r WINE IN THE CcLns.--Th (fol lowing extract from a private letter from England (says the Argu) is encouraging to those who pot Australian wine into the cellar :-" Do you remember the Australian wine that you and I bougbt together in 1867 P We could none of us drink it. I let mine remain in the hamper, and forgot s?t asbout it. Imat summer a New Zealand gentleman was epending an evening in my house. He said tbhe wine they drank in New Zealand was principally Australian, which was very good. This led to my hunting up a bottle of the old wine. We tried it, and both declared it escellent I never saw such achange in wine in my life. I should have taken it for a very full Rhine wine, with a strong lavour, something like Moselle. I would certainly just as soon drink it as the German wine we pay a large price for. If yeou can produoe such wine in any quantity I think you have a gnat future before you." 