TENDON'S ODE TO THE QUEEN. The following is tlie complete ode attached to Messrs Strahan and Co.'s new edition of ho laureate's collected poem. "We have already quoted from it, but many of our leaders will, no doubt, like to have it in full, while tens of thousands, especially in the light of recent events, will cordially sympa thise with its tone : — to the queen. o ioval to the royal in thyself, loral to thy land as this to thee— Bear witness, that memorable day When, pale as yet, and fever-worn, the Prince, j t\"ho scarce had plucked his flickering life again From halfway down the shadow of the grave, Pass'd with thee thro' thy people and their love. And Loudon roll'd one tide of joy thro' all Her trebled millions, and long leagues of man. And welcome ! witness, too, of the silent cry, The prayer of many a race, and creed, and cliiue — Thundorless lightnings striking under sea From sunset and sunrise of all thy realm, And that true North, whereof we've lately heard A strain to shame us — " Keep you to your selves ; So loyal is too costly ! Friends, your love Is but a burthen : loose the bond and go." Is this the tone of empire ? here the faith That made us rulers ? this, indeed, her voice I And meaning, whom the roar of Hongoumont I Loft mightiest of all peoples under heaven ? What shock has fool'd her since, that she should speak go feebly? Wealthier — wealthier — hour byl hour ! The voice of Britain, or a sinking laud, gome third-rate isle half lost among her seas? There rang her voice when the full city pealed. Thee and thy Priuce ! the loyal to their crown Are loyal to their own far sons, who love Our ocean empire with her boundless homes For ever-broadening England, and her throne In our vast Orient, and one isle, one isle, That knows not her own greatness, if she knows And dreads it we are fall'n. — But thou, my Queen, For for itself, but thro' thy living love Fur one to whom I made it o'er his grave Sacred, accept this old imperfect tale, I Few-obl. and shadowing Sense at war with I Soul Father than that Gray King, whose name, a ghost. Streams like a cloud, man- shaped from moun tain peak, And cleaves to cairn and cromlech still ; or him Of Geoffrey's book, or him of Malleor's, one ToachM by the adulterous finger of a time That bover'd between war and wantouess. And crownings and dethronements ; take withal Thy poet's blessing, and his trust that Heaven Wiil blow the tempest in the distance back From thine and ours ; for some are scared to mark, Or wisely or unwisely, signs of storm, Waverings of every vane with evert- wind, And wordy trucklings to the transient hour, And nerve- or careless loos'ners of the faith, And Softness breeding scorn on simple life, Or Cowardice, the child of lust for gold, Or Labor, with a groau and not a voice, Or Art with poisonous honey stol'u from Frince, And thai which knows, but careful for itself, And that which knows not, ruling that which knows To its own harm ; the goal of this great world lies beyond sight ; yet — if our slowly-grown I And crown'd Republic's crowning common- sense-, I That saved her many times, not fail — their I fears- Are morning shadows huger than the shapes That cast them, not those gloomier which I forego I The darkness of that battle in the "West, I Where all of high and holy dies away. 