ilTfcMS' dfc NEWi Thd Borotigh Band will corjimonce a soricsof fortnightly promonade concerts, and perform the following selection of music, in the Market-hull this evening, at 8 o'clock, p.m. : — Quickstep — Tho fuvjuciblc, Sihith ; quadrille, Imincflciekoff; Marriott ; solebtion, Opera Graiid Duchess, Offenbach ; waltz, Sotig of Songs, Oooto ; serenade, Tryolean Echoes Rivlfee ; polka, Tlie Debardeur, Tinnoy ; selection, Gemma di Vergft, Verdi ; galop, Madcap, Tidawell ; finale, God Save the Quoeu. . There Will bo a rehearsal at tile Mechanics' IhStitut'o this evening by those ladies and gentle men who take part in the forthcoming compli mentary concert to Mrs Bethnm. Miss Mills requests us to stalb that applicants for children under the Boarding-gut system can be supplied with fornis of application by calling on her, at Campbell-street. MrReid, the president of the Moliiit Alex- audersljire, informs us ho has written to the Minister of Education, requesting that each rid ing be made a school district. At the land sale yesterday, Mr A. II. Walters/ as agent for Messrs Rowe Bros./ of Frybrstown, purchased the largest lots, amongst which was the Racecourse at Muckleford, for llio sum of L430. The first instalment of the .rails for fhe now line between Custleniaine find Newstead arrived yesterday, and will, no doubt,. be delivered to the contractor, Mr Dorati, in the conrse of tlio day. There will be no delay in having, them laid in their places, in rcadiueBS for the next con signment. We fire requested lb state that the .person mentioned in last evening's rbp'ort of tlifit day's | police court proceedings/ »9 haviiig been js'iied by j Air Stobo for L2, goods sold, &b.;, was not the ! person reported, but Ml- C. M. BecUlcy, formerly in business in this town as, a grocer, &c.;, as in our report. The contractor ; for iiiiking . the holts for the trees in the thoroughfares of thd town has mudo a commencement in Lytlleton-street west, and iuji'to last'bvbnihg had siicceeded in Having the majoi part in that locality ready for ihe plants. iMany of the holes are cut through cement, a j very unlikely gpbstftn.ee to .favour tbegrowth, or '.even tK6 "existence, of shade-giving trees. ! Com plaints having been made about the ex- 'posnre of goods on the footpath in front of the :saliop; Supt. Lyttletou lmsbeen round warning the shopkeepers -that unless tliey comply ivith the Act they will bo summoned. No one suffers so severely as drapers by theft and damages arising out of this practice, yet they persist in m.-iiu- taining the ciistoni of exhibiting their stock put of doors. Tliey will now have police fines to add, to their losses unless they be careful, Tlie usual monthly meeting of the Mount Alexaudershiro Couucil was not held yesterday, in consequence of the books of the sbire being in Melbourne during tho hearing of the trial — Sinclair v. Mount AlexunderBliire Council. The jury in this case were brought up fi-Om Mel bourne yesterday, and subsequently, visited the ground at Guildford, returning to town by the oveii irig train. The result of tlie case will, -in all probability, be reported to the members at the ordinary meeting, which will be held on Tuesday next. The conflagration referred to in yesterday's issue was at Mr Martin Egau's store, Main- street, Cbewton. The building and contents were completely dostroyed ; in fact so rapid was the work of destruction that the inmates had barely -time to escape with their lives. Although the main water pipes run within ten feet of the place, and a fire-plug not far off, they were utterly use less, as (lie Borough of Chewton is wholly un provided with hydrants or hose, and therefore tbe tite burned till exhausted for want of-fuel. Fortunately tbe adjoining premises are built of stone and brick, and so resisted the influence of . the flames. Mr Egan's store was insured, but we have not ascertained tho amount. ; Newstead is rapidly assuming the appearance of a settled down inland township,— the. home of civilized people. For many years its thorough fares were simply of nature's forming— covered ' with: a thick layer of dust in summer, and a ' slough of despond in winter ; in fact oven until 1 recently -the principal building, by courtesy! called the. Shire-hall, was approached only by a series. of skips from one tuft of grass to another as it .projected out of the water of the swamp on' which it is constructed. Now, however, the main .thoroughfare iB riot only irietalled, but kerbed on both sides, and alBO provided with good and efficient drains to carry off the super abundant water, and the road leading to tho post-office, and the building referred to, is under going a renovating process. The liotel-keepers and storekeepers are also keeping pace with the times and effecting improvements, which will shortly give a very different appearance tu the township. Some time ago, MrTracey, of the Crown Hotel, oelebrated the opening of additions tp his preiriisos by a Farmers' Ball, which waa well attended, no less than 300 being prosent ; — the district is a farming one, and any little re union of the kind is always well patronised. These events, however, only occur at long in tervals, as there is no permanent accommodation for the public, whore they can meet for recrea tion, entertainment, amusement, or even hold a public meeting. This want, it is expeoted, will shortly be supplied, as Mr Tracey, with his usual enterprising spirit, is even now erecting a large and commodious building suitable for nuch re quirements, and in about a month or six weeks it will be inaugurated in the orthodox manner — another Farmers' Ball. We hive received the Temperance News for June. It mentions that Mr Matthew Burnettis recovering health and strength by riieans of the hydropathic treatment at Malvern. It appears, however, he has not yet quite recovered his voice. . He proposes being present at the May meetings at Exeter Hall. The Harbinger of Light says " Mr P. is now experimenting in a systematic manner, ad- mitting only one or two visitors at a sitting." This is wiBB, especially if tho one or two be not iscoffera. There is success already, for " a beautiful 'tenor" has been heard in the air, a washstami basin, a leg of mutton, a hat, and an American clock, have been brought in by the ghosts. The mutton was dropped into a mining agent's barid, and the hat was dropped on its owner'shead, "causing some trepidation." If the ghosts were honest ghosts thoy would, wo may surmise, drop their legs of mutton into the laps of hungry poor people, and not give them to well-fed mining agents. It is high time, says the Age, that the volunteer force should bo placed oil a different footing. Tlio Emerald-liill corps were disbauded in consequeneo of a difference with their commanding officer, and now tliore seems a probability that another crack corps will bo wiped out in consequouce of a dis agreement with its commanding officer. Captain Cfiambers, of the Southern Rifles, has in some way made himself unpopular with Ilia corps, and on Tuesday evening last, at a company meeting, the men hooted liim as ho left tho ordorly-i-oom. There nro various stories afloat as to tho origin of tlie matter, hut at all events a potition was si"iied by some members of the corps asking that Captain Chambers should bo dismissed, In consequence of this petition Sergeants Caunsou and Pitts have been placed under arrest, and an inquiry will be held. A death occurred in Brunswick between seven and eight o'clock on Monday night, says tho Age, which at present is rather involved in mystery. Constable Burke, hearing that a man was lying oil the road, took steps for his immediate removal to tho watchliouso, when it was found that lie had a very severe wound on the back of his head, from which the blood had freely flowed. Medical assis tance was immediately sought, whilo hteps were taken to bathe tlie head, but in less than ten minutes lie died. His coat oil tlio shoulder part bore evidence of violent contact with the ground, which gives rise to a suspicion that lie must have been knocked down by some vehicle, tho wheel of -ivhioh probably grazed his head, ns. jjortioiis of lapBO hair were adhering to the shoulder, Spverfil old residents identified liim as Mr Joseph Lil- burng, whose brotlior at one timo was tho owner of a very largo property in Brunswick. The de ceased Is a widower, his wife having died several years since, ayitliout family. , Ho was noticed by seyerfil persons during .tlie day, . apparently, tho tho worse for drink, walking about tho township. Serious defalcations ou tlio part of a lodger- keeper in tlio Colonial Bank of Australasia arc believed to have been discovered. In consequeneo of an inquiry (says the Telegraph) into some sus picions circumstances; Mr Greenlaw, the manager of tho bank, gave iutp oustody on Monday a clerk named David Goodwin, /who lias been fpr upwajrds of twelve years in tho soryice of tho institution, and wps ope of its most trusted employes. Good win was lodged in the city watchliouso late last night on a chargo Of falsifying the books under his control, and thereby defrauding the flank of a sum of £500. Ilis errors are reported to exceed that amount very largely, but at present nothing do- tinilo can bo stated. Goodwin is a married man, and has borne a high character, both as a flris jness man and a local preacher in the AVesloynri Cliuroli, biit he is said to have been suspended recently from .his latter funotiops on accpuut of alleged ga|nhi)ng predilections, especially in connection with tlie Chinese lottery houses. The pliarge will cause a feeling of pain as well as surprise iri the city, and the hope will he general that there is some mistake. An elaborate statement respecting the control of tho forest reserves has been drawn up fly the city, town, borough, and shire councils in the mining district of Ballarat, for presentation to the lion, the Minister of Lands by a deputation from tho local bodies named. Tho objects sought by the deputation are summarised as follows : — "The permanent reservation of our forest lands ; the vesting of such forest lands in a local commission ; the investing spell commission with such powers as shall render the control a reality, not a mere name ; ;the loan of such sums of mpuey (without interest) las shall from time to time be necessary to supple ment the revenues of the forests ; tlie restriction of the application of the, revenues of the forests to the management, maintenance, and improve ment of the lorests, tho construction of necessary works in connection with the forests, and the repayment of moneys advanced by the Govern ment ; the securing to the public the full benefit of the forests by restricting the application of this revenue as aforesaid ; that the commission be at once appointed arid invested ivith all the powers wliipli the Governor in Council can at present confer, aud that this Government be urged to intro duce into Parliament at once such a measure as will enable the Governor in Council to invest the commission with all the other powers sought." It ; w'fl lie rcmombered (says the Melbourne cor respondent of the Bendigo Independent) that in December. Inst there was a great exodus of Chinese from Melbourne, the ship Star Queen leaving this Eort for Houg JKong with over 400 Celestials on oard. I have just received from Rangoon a letter from one Of the officers of tlie ship, describing the incidents of the voyage, and they may possibly be interesting to some of your readers : — " Before ho vessel left the bay she was boarded by a host of creditors of tlie departing ones, and several free-fights took place, the duns invariably getting the worst of it. It was very cold outside the- Heads, after the warm weather we had experienced at Melbourne. Not a Chinaman was to be seen on deck. They were all suffering from a severe fittack of ' mal de mer,' and it was five days before one' ventured to show . his head above tho hatchway. ,On the. morning of the 17tli a great crowd of them c'aine on the jp'obp-deck at sunrise, and offered a sacrifice to Joss, and prayed for fair wind and. a prosperous voyage. I think Joss must have been in a. bad humour with them for ' bilkiug ' their Melbourne creditors, or else they left some collect out of the service, for before midnight we had a fearful gale. AVe shortened all sail but the top sails. It rained torrents, arid the lightning played round tho lhasts very vividly. On the 22nd another gale, more severe than the first, overtook us, blowing the sails to ribbons, We wore ship, aud )ay-to till the storm abated. Yon can form no idea of the state of pur 'tween-dcck passengers during these heavy gales. Tliey would not let aiiy of thoir luggage go out of their sight, but kept it 'piled up amidships in front of each of their bunks, land as' inost of it was a tidy weight in the rolling 'and pitching of the ship it broke loose. I managed i to get below, to see that they had 110 naked lights about, about 12 p.m., and such a picture of confu sion I never before witnessed in my life. The whole tribe were in their bunks, perfectly pros tate, while their goods aud chattels wore heaped together, rolling here and there, like bo many ;marine store shops taken up in a whirlwind. After this we had fine weather np to the 31st, when a Chinamen died of apoplexy. AYc buried him in the morning ; and the next day (the first of the New Year) we had the greatest treat of the voyage. It came on to blow great guns, and the 'ship ran under hare poles. AAro were in a cyclone. AA'e set the maintop stay sail and a reefed foresail ; when the storm abated a little wore ship and lay; to till daylight. Now we got fair weather again. On the 13th and 14th we caught eight sharks, and in the stomach of one of them we found ono of Sands and M'Dougall's almanacks for 1872. On the 24th, one of the sailers harpooned a large dol- phin, aud wo had it for dinner. It was capital eatiug, and an excellent substitute for pork. On the 25th another Chinaman died, and we buried him in the evening. A strong breeze sprung up directly we throw liim overboard. On the 27th (tho Chinese New Year) wo had great doings, and most of the Celestials wore on their bearii-euds by night. During the afternoon another Chinaman died, and it came on again tp blow stiflly. On trie 31st, another (the fourth) Ohiriaman was thrown over to the sharks, and again we had a severe gale. You may imagine tlie superstition of the sailors on this matter. Thoy began how to take an interest in tlio health of the passengers, and as soon as a Chinaman was reported to bo poorly we got ready for rough weather. We sighted one of the Baslie'e Islands on -the 2nd February, and at ten the next morning we took a Chinese pilot on board, and by noon were at anchor in front of Hong Kong. We were immediately surrounded by a crowd of sampans arid junks, which soon rid us of our passengers, and by two o'clock we had not one left on board. Hong ICong looks well from tlie bay but you are disapxiointed with the town when you get ashore. Tho streets are narrow, and the houses are ill-built. One thing is very noteworthy — there is a total absence of horses in tlie streets. Everybody goes abont on chairs, slung on the shoulders of two coolies. The town is built on the steel) ridges of Mount Victoria ; and it has a peculiar appearance by niglit when the streets are lighted up, as each house has two or three Chinese lanterns hung in front, and every Chinaman who :goes out after dark has to carry a pass froin tho Ipoliee. " 