It may not prove uninteresting to attempt to analyse the reason of Mr. Parkes's present popularity, and to institute a comparison be tween it and the completo lack of confidence which the political conduct of tho foremost men in Opposition succeeds in inspiring. The present Premier has faults patent enough. He is an extreme egotist. His personal antecedents are against him. He is occasionally brusque to rudeness. In a certain sense he is" unedu cated. How is it then that ho is the all but universally accepted leader of affairs in this colony 1 We believe that tho secret of his success lies in this, that lie can take broad com prehensive views of things and act resolutely up to his views. Ho has faith in New South Wales and faith in himself. His egotism may commence, but does not end, with himself, lie may believe thoroughly in Parkes, but he does not make that creed in any way subser vient to personal ends. Ho is generally credited with being a pure dispenser of patronage ; and liis most rabid foes have never fastened on his political character any charge of corruption. If a glance is directed towards the Opposition leaders a very different class of men will be seen — Forster, sour, stoical, spiteful, a splitter of words, a refiner of notions to such a degree as to wholly lack the resolution necessary to realise an idea — Hobertson, without political principles, slangy in thought as in speech, a bidder for popularity at any price — Martin, capable of the highest functions, but ever divided in his affections, bestowing them, now upon his profession, and now upon politics. If it lie true that Sir James Martin is to be shortly removed from the political arena, the onus of keeping aflame tho fire of opposition will fall almost exclusively on Mr. Forster, whose intense hatred of Mr. Parkes, both as a man and a politician, will render tho task a peculiarly grateful one. Even here, in this persistent animosity, betrayed on all occasions by the member for Illawarra against the Colonial Secretary, can bo traced a temper most unphilosophical and ' \instatosmanlike. Granted for a moment that the Kiaina ghost story and all its surroudings gave the most ample proof of Mr. Parkes's disingeuiousness, it is difficult to discover tho reasonableness of Mr. Forster's continual rcfcrcnco to them. Private grudges spoil statesmanship. To use the words of a strong old thinker, nothing dis serves and damnifies the public weal so much, or so much sullies political reputations, as the continual reiteration of private grudges. The fair carriage, the kindly, conciliating "speech, need not mask deceit or glozing — they may be the evidences of a not improper desire to subor dinate personal animosity to tho public inter ests. When Mr. Parkes offered a portfolio to Mr. Forster he was doing something far more philosophical and worthy of imitation than is Mr. Forster when he emits his chronic cry of Fijrrell having boon done to death by treachery and terror. The prime quality which Mr. Parkes possesses to a greater extent than per haps any other colonial statesman, is the faculty of grasping tho tangible. He prefers substance to shadow. Ho conceives that half a loaf is better than no bread. His Education Act ex emplified this. So has his recent postal policy — one which we once condemned, but wbich, now that more light has been thrown upon it, appears to be deserving of credit rather than 1 censure. The difficulty which Mr. Parkes now has to surmount is no slight one. He lias to conciliate success. Ho has a majority in tho Assembly and the support of the country ; but these are possessions often of but ephemeral duration. It requires more tact to lead a majority than to head a minority. From tho Treasury benches the words must come well weighed. From the Opposition benches any thing will suit so long as it is barbed. Aud the present occupants of the latter seats know this. It is their malicious pleasure to seek to irritate their antagonists to exasperation — by envious censure and turbulent animosity to thwart all progress. The Ministry must keep the Mount and Morriss case in mind. The narrow escape of the Victorian Government from a hostile vote shows how soon a majority may melt away under the heating influences of factious partizanry. This is one of the evils of Parliamentary Government, yet one insepar able from its many palpable advantages. It is an evil too which has its good side, because it demunds from political chiefs something moro than talent — command of temper, care in small things, and continual outlook over all the surroundings of the circumstances under ' their control. Whether Mr. Parkes possesses the necessary tact to keep in hand a majority for any length of timo, length of tiino alone can show. That he may be able to do is to be desired, because in his hands Government jj" means onward progress in liberal paths ; and because tho continual shifts of Government | arc causes of many social evils. The rocks ahead of tho present .Ministry arc not the great questions of tho day, but the sudden i reefs of errors, concealed out of pride and ex- | posed out of envy — tho kind of errors which brought the Gladstono Administration to its last jogs. At all events, Parkes is now the master of tho situation, and for many reasons j it is best that ho should continue to be so. The law of ovidouco requires amelioration in j moro ways than thoso suggested by Mr. Buchanan. That a prisoner should bavo a obair, and that he should bo competent to give evidenco at his own trial, may bo vast improvements on tho old plan ; bat where wo '! should liko to seo reform would bo in that i systom wbich onablos counsel to badger aud harass a perhaps most ro'spcctablo man by I what is called examiiintiou to credit. There j should bo some limit to tho licenso of tho bar J in this, rospeot. When critno seeks to provo f an alibi by porjury, undoubtedly it is right t that justico should havo tho means of rigidly sifting tho evidence offered ; but thoro is a limit, as wo havo said, required. There is a differenco (ono which some bullies in wig aud gown do not appreciato) betwoou rigid sifting of evidonco, and downright abuse of tho witness. Questions nro often basod upon assumed peccadilloes of witucssos, and many an innocent person has loft the box completely divested of the good opinions of his or hor neighbours, by reason of ambiguous insinu ating questions having boeu put to thom to which no moro direct answer could bo satis- factorily given. In very many instances, tho terror of " horsehair " and " bounco " combined has produced consequences inimical to justice. Some happy moan ought to bo dovisod be tween tho harassing of tho respectable, and tho ploying ?nto tbo hands of tho disroputablo witness. Will Mr. Buchanan seo to this ? It is satisfactory to know that between Sir Alfred Stophon and Mr. Justico Hargravo thoro has over existed a most fraternal affection. They only, as it would now ap pear, agroed to differ. When their judg ments varied as widely as the polos, when the Chief Justice's white wns proved by Har- gravian logic to bo pitch black, thero was no disruption of amity or personal concord. This is satisfactory. But it would be moro satis factory, wo thiuk, if, for the future, steps could be taken by which the divergonce of judicial opinions could bo kept secrot. If in banco judgments could bo delivered as one, as tho view of the majority, whore not unani mously given. Nothing tbnds so much to make tho glorious uncertainty of the law still moro famous than tho spectacle of tho judges picking one another's view to pieces. It leads to neodless litigation, to endloss appoals, to lamentable waste ; and though in tho faoo of thoso serious evils it is pleasant to know that tho judges mean well by oaoh other, it would perchance be more conducivo to public confidence in Suprome Court verdicts fin banco ) were ono voico only to pronounce them, without the concurrenco or tho dissent of any other. 