True to Berselt BY FREDERICK W. ROBINSCHff. Chapter ii. the operetta.. The theatre was not quite full on the night which had been selected for the production of Aiitonio's operetta. The work was not of sufficient importance to create a demand for places, and no one in the musical world of Paris had heard of the name that waa appended to toe new composition, mere ware rumours in the house that this Antonio Baretti bud struck off some original and sparkling music, ;--Tid that she manager whs disposed to believe at times — being an impressible man and led away by his tenor, who was staunch, to his countryman, that he had been fortunate euougk lo find a genius in a humble member of his staff Though the house was not quite full, zfais ever busy rumour had brought a critical if Baiatil audieace ^together ,* men who were coin posers themselves, jinen who analysed compo «:.a and made them [firnous or proclaimed them charlatans ; men and women who loved music and were curious concenung the neir comer. The fauteulis of the orchestra were half occupied, thejpit had nearly filled before the curtain rose, there was a fair muster in the circle, and the majority of the boxes were let, though their tenants were coming for the £r-sat piece of the evening, and not for the little operetta which was to sing them in. John Garth locked round the house attentively when he was seated in his bos : he had not forgotten his daughter Minnie, eve a in the excitement, for he was excited, of his protege's first night, and he scanned the faces of all within the theatre through the great opera-glass he had brought with him. No, there was no one like his daughter in the honse, and he turned to the business of the evening as the band struck up a bright little introduction with which Antonio had prefaced his work. It was at this moment that Paulo Baretti and the ladies by whom he was accom panied entered a box on the other side of the theatre. John Garth was not attracted by their entrance, watchful, as it was his habit to be on most occasions. He had surveyed the house, and intended presently to indulge in a second critical inspection ; but it was his desire to study Antonio's operetta cloBely, and to judge f -r himself the chances of the young composer's future. He had promised Antonio his com plete support, and he would do justice to his promise, being a man who kept his word, It 6eemed hard to be there, sitting with a great load athis hears, in the midst of all this glare of life and light, with the nwrmnrings of the pleasure- seekers and the rippling laughter of fair women, happier than his child could be, welling to his ears. He sa; .in the fall front oj his box, a striking figure enough to those who glanced his way, oue of thote grave-faced Englishmen who are seen to take their relaxa tion sadlyjeren in bright Paris. His was a face at which many glanced, for a long illness had rendered it as delicate as a woman's, and the stern expression upon it scarcely seemed natural, despite the great beard and moustache that added to its manliness. People whispered to each other that it was a handsome face, and wondered who John Garth was, and set him down for a mysterious English nobleman, who was worth the looking at. Paulo Baretti, sit ting in a box closer to the stage, was finally at tracted in his turn. to the man who faced him in solitary state, and with a sudden clutch at the crimsan edgiug to his box, he realized at once the danger and strangeness of the meet ing. Paulo was excited that night ; he had been excited all day at the discovery of his son's name in a play Jjiil, but he was not intoxicated. His senses were ia admirable perfection ; and was as that c£ a ghost's to Lini, he was quick to see his difficulties, and to attempt to surmount tbjnu. There was a fair-haired girl thoughtfully looking down into the orchestra, entranced by the music, and unmindful of the dark-haired, high-coloured woman by her side, and when Paulo pulled a heavy red curtain be fore her, concealing her from the house, she did not heed the movement, though the rattling of the curtain-ring's was sudden and start ling. 'What's that for p' asked Mrs. Baretti of her husband. ' People are staring. I don't like people to stare,' muttered Paulo, as he sat down again and clasped his big white-gloved hands to gether. 'I can't see anything,' said Mrs. Baretti. ' Tou can see the stage, I suppose?' snap- ped Paulo. ? ' What have you come for, you fool t' 'Oh, to hear the operetta, of course,' answered Mrs. Baretti, tauntingly, ' that you think is by your wonderful son ; — not to look about me or to be looked at. I ain't worth looking at now, I'm wearing myself fast into an old womun, what with you and this mad girl here.' 'Serve you right; you'll be less conceited then,' said Baretti. ' Can't I draw this curtain back a little P' she asked. 'No/' shouted Paulo, and the wife winced, and Minnie Garth looked up and shivered a little. Both women kuew that tone well, and were certain that Paulo Baretti was not plea sant company \vken it was in the ascendant. 'What is it?' asked Minnie curiously. ' Ob, he's jealous of some one taking a fancy to me,' replied Mrs. Baretti, satirically, ' and will have this ugly curtain dra wn before us.' ' It is better,' said Minnie : ' no one can see vlb now. This is another strange place full of staring faces; why do you briug me to theraP' Minnie Garth leaned forward to ask this question of Pauto, laying her hand gently on hisjown|, and Paulo answered in a different and kinder tone, as though the mad girl's touch had a soothing influence upon him. Had the girl's trust in him, her gentleness, even the strange malady by which she was afflicted, ; reached even the far away heart of this brute f who was hiding hrsr from her father ? Or was Paulo Barretti not wholly bad, after all F [ ', Why have I brought you ?' repeated Paulo. ? ' To hear the music— to see Antonio's operetta. Tou remember Auioaio BarettiP' ' Sometimes 1 think that I do,' said Jfiunie, after a moment's consideration. ' A young' and handsome man, was he notj?' ' Ay, that he was,' said Paulo. ' But there was soinethiag against him— lie was cruel and calculating, and ? oh, I re member that music. That comes from home— I'm sure it does ! ' She clasped her hands together in her excite ment, and it was as well, perhaps, that the box curtain hung between her and the audience. The prelude— Antonio had not dignified the c )mposition by the title of overture— had glided t iftly into a sweet and plaintive air, which was 10 be repeated in the operetta presently, and waa, as it were, the theme -jf the composition It struck the audience at (r\\.:,i with its true music, and the critics woke attentively, and one of then said' Good' in a toft whisper, to his neighbour. Tho effect on Minnie mis almost overpowering, and she would Lave leaned for ward in her great interest, bad not Baretti sioppedher. ''From borne. Minnie '-'. he asked, '? Irom what home r Try and recollect that.' '? Prom W..]sw,r., wfcere 1 WvJ it first,' she ephel ?? 15 -j ..? .mjj/.jsou it oi.e day w the drawing room, where— where X saw him l*st, and bade him good-bye. Oh, t was Tery happy when 1 heard that, ayo*r ago.' ' Who composed it Minnie P' asked Mrs. Baretti. 'Don't interfere! H«ld your prating tongue !' cried Paulo. ' ' Leave her t» herself. She's getting better. I'm sure the girl is coming ronnd again. Didn't I say so amenta ago?' ?? m ? ' Yes, and when she comes round, how she will hate you !' said^Mrs. BarettL ' She's mad enough now to- think me her guardian angel, eh ?' said Baretti, laughing to himself until he was blue in the face. ' Am I not Minnie, an angel?' ' Tou hare been kind to me,' she replied. ' By Jorejjes,' Attested Paulo, ' io 1 hare, no one kinder. I've been a father t* her ; keeping her for Tony, ungrateful son though he ia f«r me t« take all this trouble about ; and to find anybody disposed to trust me makes me grate ful. And if it's only mad people, and nerer people in their senses, still I tbink it kind, and — I like Minnie Garth.' She looked up again at the mention of her name, and the question at her lips was a start ling «ne, considering the circumstances, and the man who was iu the theatre, that night. ?' Garth,' she said — ' ah, if we could only find John Garth .- if he would not bide from us s* long-!' ' It's very wrong of him,' said Paulo, look ing across the house at the man facing him. ' 1 would give half Jmy life, Minnie, to clasp him to my bosom.' ' You were very fond of him P' she said. ' I was indeed,' said Paulo, glibly. ' In such a place as this, now,' said Minnie, very earnestly, ' he would not be likely to come. He never cared for plays or crowds, but was always very stern and hard. A long unhappiness had rendered him dead to any pleasure, 6ir. ' ' Poor fellow ,' remarked Baretti. Then he he added to himself, 'How she talks to night !' ' He would be very angry with, you for bring ing me to such a place as this.' said Minnie ; ' and oh dear ! very angry with me for coming too.' ' Do you think he would ?' said Paulo, seiz ing the cue with an easy adroitness. ' Then I would not remain an instant longer. Fanny, take Minnie home in the first voiturc that is handy.' ' &'o, notyet,' said Fanny decisively. ' What do yoa want us to go home for ? I ain t going to be made a fool of for anybody. « But ? ' But Minnie would like to hear more of that music, which reminds her of Wolston, and of the happy days there, eh, Minnie P' said Mrs, Baretti, with as much adroitnesi as her hus band. ' Ay, I had forgotten that. I think that I should like to stay a little longer,' repled Min nie. ' And the curtain's rising,' said Mrs. Bar retti. ' Yes — hush, please,' said Minnie. ' Let me try to understand it.' She looked eagerly towards the stage, and Paulo Baretti took that opportunity to «hake his fist at his better half. ' I wanted her gone,' he growled, in a low voice, and with his old forbidding looks appar ent. ' Yes, and me gone, too. Some of your »ld names ia the house to waste your money upon, I suppose, when my back is turned,' said Mrs. Baretti, sharply. ' I'll talk to you presently,' he muttered. ' Stop, if you like, but keep your toogue still while my boy's opera is being played,or I'll cut it out when I get home. By Heaven, you might be less a curse to me then. 