THE TOTTLEPOT POEMS. No. 6. THE LEGEND OF THE PHANTOM PUMPIST. A sallow-faced stranger sate by the fire, In a room at the " Lump of Gold To tell us a story was his desire, And this is the tale he told. « » " I travelled once for Walker and Hodge, In the haberdashery line ; They knew I was up to every dodge ; And a fat commission was mine. One night I stayed at this very hotel, In this self-same diggings-town ; The landlord, I heard, was rather unwell In his room— so he did'nt come down. The landlady mixed my grog instead, And a capital brew it was ; And I said to myself, as I went to bed, ' That's the real " Long John " — I'm poz.' I soon dozed off, as a tired man will Who has to be up betimes ; But I started awake, with a chill and a thrill, At the sound of the midnight chimes. I listened, and heard the church-bell toll Its knell for another day ; Then a different sound pierced my very soul, As the clock-strokes died away. 'Twas the steady clank of the courtyard pump, A common-place sound, you'll say : But with every thump my heart gave a jump, As if pumping my life away. I sprang to the window, I raised the blind, 1 looked through the moonlight clear ; And I almost laughed to myseB to find What a trifle had caused my fear. 'Twas the landlord who stood, and steadily pumped The water so cold and bright ; And I noticed he had but one garment on — The garment one wears at night. By George, thought I, is he drunk or mad, Thus to brave a wintry chill ? Then it struck me D.T. was on him bad — For his wife had said he was ill. ' If that's what's the matter, you cranky card, I'll soon send you back to bed ;' And I drew on my trousers and ran to the yard, As these words I mentally said. He pumped on still, till I reached his side, And then, with an awful scream, His figure vanished — it was — was not Like a change in a hideous dream ! I rushed half-dazed to the closed house-door, And I raised a wild alarm, For I felt that the spectral vision bore The impress of coming harm. My fears, prophetic, the way first led (For the truth of which I vouch,) To the landlord's bed — he lay stone-dead , And had never left his couch ! We found a paper in large round-hand, Confessing a grievous sin, To wit — that his brandy was watered — and His whisky, his rum, his gin. Two gallons of water he used to add To one of the genuine stuff ; Which was using the large connection he had, What our Yankee friends call ' rough.' Now once a year, on this very night, When the hour of midnight chimes, You may see his ghost in the pale moonlight At the scene of its fleshly crimes. ' Hark ! there goes twelve — don't you hear the pump With its steady, monotonous clank ? Don't it make your heart give a regular thump ? It's he ! as right as the bank !" We rushed to the window; we raised the blind ; Lo ! an ostler, as human as we, Was washing a buggy ; we turned to find The stranger — " Oh, where was he !" moral. To Publicans first — don't water your grog, Or your spirit may lose its body ; To Tourists— beware of a sallow-faced dog, And don't let him brew your toddy. 