. SIR JOHN WATERS. ;- : ; Amongst the distinguished men , in the Peninsular war whom my memory -brings occa sionally before me is the well-known and highly popular Quarter-master- Geiieral, Sir, J.^Wators,; ?whd'was''bom'''ati'Margaiw,:'-n;-.'1\VelBh-''villagOi''in' Glamorganshire. -He was one of those- extraor dinary persons that seem created by kind nature for particular purposes ; and without using the word in an offensive sense, he'.- was; the most admirable spy that, was ever - attached- to an army.' ' One would almost have thought that the Spanish war was entered upon and carried on in order to display his remarkable qualitios. He could assumo tlie character of Spaniards of every, degree and station, so as to deceive the most acute of those whom he delighted to imitate. But what rendered him more efficient than all was his 'wonderful power of observation . and accurate description, which made the' informa- tion he gave so reliable and valuable to the Duke of Wellington. Nothing escaped .him. When, amidst a group of persons, ho would minutely watch the movement, attitude, : of every individual that composed it; in the scenery by which he was surrounded ho would carefully mark every object. _ ..-?';? v. His acquaintance with the Spanish language was marvellous ; from the finest works of Cal deron to the ballads in the ? patois , in every province, he could quote, to tho infinite delight of those with whom he associated. , He could assume any charactor that ho pleased ; he -could be the Castilian, --haughty and reserved ; the Ashman,' stupid and plodding ; the Catalonian,. intriguing and cunning ; the Andalusian,- laugh ing and merry ; — In shor.fi, he was all things to all men. Nor was he incapable of passing, if ; occa sion required, for a Frenchman ; but as he spoke tho language with a strong German accent, he callod himself an Alsatian. He maintained that character with tho utmost nicety ; and as there is a strong feeling of fellowship, almost equal to that which exists in Scotland, amongst all those who are born in the departments of France bordering on the Rhine, and who maintain thoir Teutonic originality, he always found friends and supporters in overy regiment in the French Bervice. : ? Ho was on one occasion entrusted with avery diflicult mission by the Duko of Wellington, which he undertook effectually to porform, arid to' return on a particular day with the informa tion that was required.— '?'' ?' ? .'? Groat was the disappointment when it was ascertained beyond a-doubt that just after leav ing the camp he had been taken prisoner, before ho had time to exchange his uniform. Such,' however, was the case ; a troop of dragoons had intercepted him, and carried him. off ; and the commanding officer desired two soldiers to keep a strict watch over him and carry him to head: quarters. Ho was of course disarmed, and being placed on a horse was, after a short time, gal loped off by his guards. Ho Blept one night undor durance vile at a small inn, whore ho was allowed to remain in tho kitchen ; conversation flowed on very glibly, and as he appeared, a stupid Englishman, who could not understand a word 6f French' or Spanish, he was allowod to listen, and thus obtainod precisely the intelli .gence that. he was in search- of. Tho following morning, being again mounted, ho ovorhoard a conversation between tho guards, who doliber atoly agreed to rob him, and to shoots him at a mill 'whore they were to stop, and ,to report to their officer that they had boon compelled to fire at him in consequence of his attempt to escape. Shortly before they arrived at tho mill, for fear that they might meet with ? somo ono who would insist on having a portion of tho spoil, tho dragoons took from their prisoner his watch and his purse, which he surrendered with a good grace. On their arrival at tho mill they dis mounted, and in order to give somo appearance of truth ' to their story, they went into tho house, leaving their prisoner outside, in the hope that he would make some attempt -to escape. In an instant Waters threw his cloak upon a neigh boring olive bush, and mounted his cocked hat on the top. Some empty ilour sacks; lay - upon the ground,' and a horse laden with well-filled flour sacks stood at the door. Sir John contrived to enter one of the empty sacks and throw him self across the horse. When the soldierB camb out of the house they firod. thoir carbines at the supposed prisoner, and galloped off at the utmost speed. ' '„. ??'? ' ' A short time aftor tho miller xame out and mounted his stood ; the general contrived to rid himself of the oncumbranco of the sack, and sat up, riding behind the man, who, suddenly turn ing round, saw a ghost, as lie believed, for tho flour that still remained in the sack had totally whitened his fellow-traveller, ? arid given him a most unearthly appearance. The frightened miller was 'putrihed,' as Mrs. Malaprop wonld say, at the sight, and a piiBh from the white spectre brought the t unfortunate man to the ground, when away rodo the gallant quarter master with his sacks of ilour, which at length bursting, made a ludicrous spoctiicle of man and horse. : On reaching the English oanvn, where-' Lord Wollington. was anxiously deploring his fate, a sudden shout from the soldiers made his lordship turn round, when a figure,, resembling the statute in Don Juan, gailopod up to him. The Duke affectionately shaking, him by. thp' hand, said — . . - v : ??;? ' Waters, you never yot deceived me; and though you havo coino in a most questionable shape, I must congratulate you and myself,'' 