THE IMMIGRATION QUESTION. MEETING AT THE TOWN HALL. On "Monday evening, August 35, a public meeting, called by the Mayor of Adelaide in reply to requisition-of citizens, was held at the Tewn -Hall to consider the question of the resumption of free immigration. The building was nearly full. "The MATOB, having read the advertisement calling the meeting, said there could be no doubt that a considerable increase to our population was very much to be desired, but the ways and means to get it was a consideration of great importance. It was well known that years ago thousands of pounds were lost by the system 'which was pursued, and whether it was wise- to return to -that system required serious consideration. He then called on - Mr. JOBS CLASK, who said he thought the \--tune had gone past when it would be necessary i for him to appear on a platform against free immigration at the public expense in South Australia. (Applause.) Many of them knew -that in years gone past he had combated that principle, which he looked upon as one of the most vicious ever established in a civilized community. (Applause.) He. had hoped that from the put experience of the last 20 years no one would have had the hardihood to again come forward and promulgate the doctrine— (applause)—for every one of them who would take a retrospective view would join with him -in saying that the beneficial effects of the cessation of immigration at thepublic ^expense had been marked in the extreme,and it was simply the selfish grasping desire'of a few to add to their wealth at the expense of the many that dared to resort to the question at the present time. (Applause.) With these preliminaries lie -would.move— x "That this meeting is of opinion that the •courBe puraued by the Government in telegraphing to-the Agent-General -for the resumption of free immigration without the sanction of Parliament is' in violation of -constitutional usage, and -ought not to have -been approved by. the House -of Assembly." (Great applause.) After pointing out that the power of dealing with money matters rested with the Assembly, which, -clearly established 4he principle that with the people or their representatives rested -the sole power of the purse, he said it came with an exceedingly bad grace from the Government two days before the Heuse -met to violate this constitutional principle. When they-remembered the cry' which was got -up on the closing day of the last session only in reference to the presentation of Money Bills, and that the present Chief Secretary was the person who had passed a motion this session -condemning that action, could it be believed that the same individual could have the impudence to violate the Con- «titutionin a far more heinous degree? But such was the fact, and only four out of the thirty-six members were found voting against their -conduct. And what ;were they to say to the city members, who were each returned solely -upon the principle that they would oppose immigratiAn at the public expense? (Great applause, -and Mr. fJ. .Raphael—"Turn them out.") The two representatives for East Adelaide, he was sorry to say, disgraced themselves by leaving the Souse, not -even pairing for the resolution, and he branded them aa traitors in the firstinstance and cowards in the second. (Applause.) Whilst lie could rnpt approve the conduct of . the other two membars, they had the coutage to speak -upon the question, one voting, few and the other pairing in favour of the principle; but when tnen Betrayed their trust and then cowardly .-sneaked away they were not worthy* of the irart reposed in them. (Applause.) Heknew of -other people who -owed their seats in. the Legislature to their professed .opposition to free immigration -who ' had gone about during the latt six . months doing ^ all they oould to get it resumed at the «arfiest possible period. Mr. Townsend had been uneeaang in hia efforts, and had chaffed him b^cause within the last'few months he had not been able to get some men he wanted; "but it was better that he should labour under that difficulty than that there should be men rushing -the Treasury and fining for want. (Applause.) No doubt Kbour had, been scarce of late, bat would fltiflst? Supposing the* prospects of the ensuing season were blasted" eithek- by locusts -or rust; what was to be done with the labourers who, at.- the .request of the people who lately waited on the Chief Secretary, were to be introduced into the country ? Would there not be hundreds unable to obtain labour? (Applause.) After reading an extract' from the Hon. T. "Beynolas's speech ion the late -immigration vote, ite esod' he had gone into an elaborate calculation for tbelaetlS years, and was prepared to say that this whole eysfe&i; of, land and immigration-up totbe present time. had been a delusion and a siar^-^fiear, heaxj^-and what withtheir 4ebtaad the amount^perijt In roads, bridges, andfor'other purposes alluded to by Mr. Beynolds, he didnot believe the public had realized 3e/ 4>d. pet" acre. ' (Hea#, hear.) The attempt io liberalize: tbe land law two years ago was burked by tie substituted residence clause, which enabled a few to monopolize the lands of the colony; and however many people were imported, a bulwark hadthuu- been raised which would be an effectual bar to their obtaining it. If -proper wages were paid, they should not laeklabour. He vedrin.no other part of South Australia waa^ jUirg^r amount at wealth producedt>y ; Hie j^merffliber of people was'a gfeat outcry thefcs for labour; bit sinct £he jriinps had .beepm^jf^J^j^eveloppd ,the owners had increased the. men's wages, and auy <cme who read the ; To^ke*si Peninsula papers oMuld eee that miners were"constantly arriving therej 'and the two members lor Yorke's Peninsula formed one-half of the. minority who root -against'this vote. (Hear, hear.) If -tbe .^people of Wallaroo found sufficient -man-power for their wants; what was to -prevent either parts of the colony doing likewise f fie had seen a letter from Mr. J. G. Chandler, xjf Melrose, to the keeper of a labour office in the «£ty, in which he stated that a great many shearers were coming there, the price paid bringingihem; md that,if the farmers would only give proper wages th.CT' would findplenty of bands-for their harvest—^(gt'eat applause)—and ha added that the. cropswere looking well, but the grasshoppers were in sight. -He WHS glad to see that the farmers who attended the meeting' Tat • SaddteworthJ- *in ' one of the largest .. agricultural distrusts* 'went against immigration, and he w&s-informed; by a gentleman that he asked them after the meeting was over how matiy acres they eepresented. He was told 200,161 acres, and When the question was put to every party in the room the- Whole manabsorbing power was twelve out ofthelot. He was also told that Mr. Chas. Hoard, who made himself so prominent on the deputation of farmers, had allowed swagmen to go tramping because he would not give them 15s. aweek. (Oh.) It was all very well for the Chief Secretary to say that free immigration would, not--reduce wages, and that wherever they had had it wages had risen; but- that -was totally insupportable by truth. {Hear, hear.) He had prepared a land of barometer, which would show what effect free tmurigcation had had upoi) the social well-being of the .community. Two Xe&Ti; Bfl« tfee WWB&jm.tf; Uamiff^tiSn, in population had increased "more than it had eves done ie tbe since, la I860 population was 121,112, inl862ifcwas 185,329; in 1860 the marriages were j&,568, and in 1862 6,075. In 1858 there wereBS convictions in £he Sujjiwne Cdurt; in 1862 there were 64, with 13,000 increase to the ^population, ora decrease of 60 per cent. In that time the amount belonging to persons -Savings Banks increased by'-»90,254 7s.'; S3. - Therewas no clamour at the latter time, and no one was in '•want of work- in 1860 £17)363 2s. 7di was spent upon charitable institutions, and in 1863 it had fallen to £7,307; And the prosperity in thelatter year was not. merely confined to the working- classes; .and ,he considered that if those who -favoured free J immigration saw the 'question in its properlight theyjrould beiound to assist in opposing tbe introduction of a : system. Between the yeare 1860 and 1862 the amount of private indebteclness was reduced to .the extent of £210,408 0s.. 2d., and there had been five per cent, decrease in that time in bills of exchange. These facts showed what effect the free'. _ Immigration system had had upon the country. " It was shown now a small part of the community would be benefited, and at the same time the community would indirectly lose by the foundations of society being capped. It was with nations as with individuals. "When they violated a just law they 4ound -their mistake out when it was too late. If the lands of this colony were thrown open to all at a merely 'nominal -sum, With' conditions t&at; the pem>B8 who held them should reside" upon ana till them, and make the roads and bridges themselves, a far better course would betaken than selling tbe lands at high rate, and using the money in the manner in which it was-now used. (Cheers.) Mr. Councillor WEIGHT seconded the motion. He -expected that there was scarcely an individual in the meeting who had not fully studied the question, so that he-would not say much upon it. The late Government had brought forward a Bill last seesion, in which a clause for free immigration was thrown out, and that Ministry, though a strong one, had been broken up on that question. Yet the Ministry was now expending money without the consent of Parliament for the purpose-of doing what^the Parliament had put its veto-on only last year." It was not the mere question of the expenditure of £5,000 in free immigration that he cared about. But there was a principle involved—(cheers)— -and that was the reason he rose to second the resolution. He did not intend to weary them, as the previous speaker bad laid the matter well; before them. Some person had shown-in the papers that of the Land^ Fond £300,000 ought to nave been taken for immigration that" had been otherwise used; but rqore than a million had been expended to assist those who had taken up land He begged to Becond the resolution. Mr. -J. C. BRAT, M.P., came forward, andwas met witha storm of gtoana'and hisses. He said be trusted that' they would hear Kim, as when theydid—- (Groans and confusion.) He believed that when he said what he had to say hey would approve—- (Continued groans.)' The CHAIRMAN called for order, and hoped that the meeting would bear Mr. Bray. Mr. BEAT would not keep them, many minutes. (Groans.) Let it not be said that at a meeting in Adelaide they should refuse io. hear any man. (More groans, and a ciy of " Absentee agents.") Mr. JOHN CLABK asked the meeting as Britons to give Mr. Bray a fair hearing. (Cheers.) In supporting the resolution which he had had the honour to propose to them, lie " had felt it his duty to make an attack upon thafe gentleman in his capacity as their 'reprein : < tative. He now hoped that, as Britons, they" would give him a fair hearing. (Cheers.) As mover of the resolution, he would remind them that he would have a right of reply—(cheers)—"* and any reasons that were advanced he would pledge himself that he would not leave them -unreplied to. Mr. BBAY would not.keep them many minutes, and when they had heard what he had got' to" say they would be eorry that they had prevented - -him from speaking so long. - He did not blame Mr. Clark for having pitched into" him." He was only sorry that abuse of members of Parliament -should be so much more popular than figures,as 1 he had been applauded very loudly When he had abused him, but they had received the statistical portipn of - his speech very quietly. (Disapprobation.) He was -not' present as a member of ^Pwliament, but ,as a ratepayer, and he considered- as such that he had a right to speak, and He -thought that none of them, except lie ^wearied them, .would refuse him a fair -hearing.- - (Cheers.-)- - : He had no much to'say, but all were aware that Parliament met on a Priday, and"thatron -that day nothing was done but fpnpal business. , _ On the following Tuesday tl^ 'Blgose fe&t;, ana tbtfe reply to the speech was -theiit' .debated. ~ He was -one of the Committed -I^pmn&d; to draw 'the reply, but bswas efir&ftil; that thewi shfltold be nothii^ &a; the reply thaf would "bind the House to free imnngration.' The Chief Secretaiy.'was on that Committee, and lie was ill favour of free immigration; but he iad said .that-eixcept -free j immigration was left out he would not act in ! the matter. And the free immigration was ' dealt with by saying in the reply "that on.|hat subject the House would do what seemed necessary. On the next day the Chief ^Secretary made an explanation that £5.000had-beenapent for bringing out two shiploads of iixumgraxits. (Disorder, and a cry of More shame fol-^ywi.") So he said more shame, and he was sorry that that action bad been taken. . It would be found if they looked in tke -newspapers that Mr. Hughes and himself Were the only "persons in the House who.had objected to the free immigration item. He said what TOSS tantamount to what was expressed /by., the resolution now before them. He had expressed himself to the effect that the" Ministry had no right to send for immigrants the -very day before Parliament was to meet, but ought to have waited for its deoision on the subject .And when^the House had been appealed to£e ehoifld have been oun'd one of those whp.went againstyi^t (Applause.) Many hon. members had been' found to oppose free immigratitaiafo fought^aftar wards, but on the day when oppopiti6n^wbi4d,have been of use not one but' Mr^ Hiighes and himself had spoken against the action of the Government. T "When "a"TliingV was r done he was: not -one, whatever his opinions might be, to bring the credit of the colony into disrepute by his vote; but when he first opposed- the-expen- . diture be. belieyed that had the fiouse^insiste upon |t the' attempt - would, $ave been stopp#3, " though in a fortnight' of course they ,wer^ J^rtv i to be toldjthatall'haa bepn ao6e." "The immf- 'grants "had after .the Grdyetninent adjoimiiiieilt been sent for, and what .was to-b<j done? (A. voice—" Let the; jGoyernin^nt pay for • theni.*) He approved of resolutioti, and 'When tile, proper time arrived" they 1 would : find 1 Mm; ..opposing any'further 'expenditure. He hoped | t£at what lie had said would be satisfactory to; th$i meeting, fie assured them that what he \ had stated was hik hoiest reason fgr the acticta thatiie had taken. Wben the vote took place he knew that ojiporation was useless, as it could not haVe altered the ; result. There was 1 still j time when he spoke in opposition; 1 -but it; was toolate a fortnight afterwards. ' -The Immigration Bill of last* year had'been pass&dlorthe; purpose of gaining: asasted immigration by means of land, but it had,been, thrown aside by the late Government,and not made known where ' it would have been of any use. . He pointed out! that on his motion the clause in that Bill for free: immigration on a certain scale had been struck : out. (Applause.) He quite agreed with the 1 resolution that had been submitted to them, and that it was an ill-considered act of tile Ministry to send rhoinb by telegraph for the. resumption of free immigration at so late a' period before the meeting of Parliament. Some of the money, if not all, would be greatly wasted. If free immigration, were required—; and he. considered that ft was not, and: never would be because wages were high —it would traly be _ required when they could not get • their work done withont it. Mr. Hunt in his labour report of last week had said that nofcffitbstand-, ing the deni2?id for labour there wa« & good' supply, as many men h&d; come from VictoriEti Sydney, and New Zealand, attracted by the : wages offered. (Applause.) The Ministry had ' stated their intention of putting down a large , sum fer immigration nest year. Without having- been at all biassed by the vote of this meeting he would, oppose such ja, proposition-if < "it TO brought • forward, (A tfliw—''Who • gupport 'Sl")" Mr. Mortlook akked who would -support Perhaps ! he : would. (Mr. : MorUock-^-" No, I will, not") jHe was glad to be present .at- suc9i -a large 'meeting, as he j believed it to be a good thing that members ' should hear the opinions of their ponstituent?. In this instance their yiews -wepe entirely m unison with his own. He was glad they had heard him: - out, and hoped "lien any porson came before them to speak to them he would be heard, because when matters had to be explained they might bo able to give good reasons for their conduct. Mr. MCDONALD considered the question -was one of the most vital of constitutional questions —as to the monarch or the Government spending public money, not only without the consent of, : out in the face of Parliament. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Bray, in spite of all that he said, had not done his duty, as he should have moved a vote of want of confidence in the Government. If this thing had been done against the wish of the Chamber of Commerce or the Chamber of Manufactures there would have been a great cry over \ the whole country by the Register and. Advertise He'for one could no longer have confidence in ' these members, and he hoped that that would be the feeling at the next election. He hoped the time had come when the working men would arise to defend their own rights—(cheers)—by amalgamating themselves into Clubs, that if not under the same name they might have another : ' Political Association, and then they would keep the members in their own places. A number of farmers had waited upon the Government, and one van, Mr. Heard, had never had the honour of being -ah industrious mechanic or labourer, or he would-nOt-have -said that the working men never knew what was good for them. Mr. Bray came up to his views about immigration, but the members, 'he thought, sold the country in not turning out the Ministry whioh contained such a man as Mr. Everard. (Hisses.) If he stood for any-of the 18 districts of the colony under universal suffrage he would not have been returtied—-(oheers)—and yet he had a place in tbe MmwU y. - TheCgAgRKAN had been asked by Mr... 'Solomon, M.SP., to mention that if invited he would have, attended, but as he was not invited' he did not-iliink it nght- to attend. •(-" Oh," and " Let him put his boots on.- ' Mr. J oira Cli&K;, in reply, said that while Mr. Bray's esjblaiialiuii^with rega)rd to immigration was to him very "satisfactory indeed—-(Hear, hear)—yet he regretted that in his action upon the particular" vbte"inentidtiedit was altogether unsatisfactory to his - mind—(Hear, hear)— because he held that the people had nothing at all to do with the back scenes as to the formation and' constitution of Ministries. These Ministers who violated the Constitution were paving the .^emoluments of : office, and that: through their having- betrayed their trust. (Cheers.) If the members had kept their trust, j;be Ministry would have been turned out. : Thfrmotion was carried with two-dissentients. ; Mr. M. GOODE stated that while he "was' Opposed to free and indiscriminate 'immigration he thought it was desirable that the population should be increased in some way that would not be detrimental to any one interest. (Hear, hear.) He moved— "That in the opinion ef this meeting the brinciple of free-and indiscriminate. immigration is opposed to sound political, economy, and injust in its operation of protecting-capital at fhe expense of labour, and past experience has -roved £t to be unsuited to the wants of South .ustiaHa." '-. nspead of immigration under the old system teing politically economical he thought it to be ;he very essence of extravagance in its worst ihape. ~-We-spent not hundreds but thousands, id thousands of pounds were wasted introducing " immigrants into the colony who no Sooner landed upon our shores than they clearedjout to what they believed to be more desirable •parte. They would be met by those who bought Sand on the understanding that 10s. out of every bound of the -Land Fund should be spent in immigration; but there were times and seasons when covenants should be cut, .and it was |desirable that that one should be cut. The system would not have continued so long if there had been direct taxation and every ratepayer had had to pay 5s. down for every immifgrant imported. The Land Fund was the proiperty of tbe inhabitants of the colony, and Ishould have been devoted to other purposes so :as to keep taxes down. (Hear, hear.) He was ; fully sensible that a large number of immigrants -were most estimable people, but he believed the principle of bringing out shiploads of immigrants had an immoral tendency. The agents did not select men and women, but in some instances took the refuse of the people, and three ! or four immoral persons in' a shipload, confined t in a small place for three or four months, could do a great deal of eviL If we returned tothat system we must expect the same result. The ! principle of free .immigration, was unjust to ; every, person in 'the colony. - It was unjust to j the men' who bought land upon the condition | that"~the~t3overnment~ should: import" labour to ' enable them' tocultivate it wiEh profit, because' in many instances the labour waa- not suitable.' It was thoroughly unjust to many., who were brought frojM ithe old country; because many men in: a comfortable position in - England, but who "were :unsuitable for the colony, had been induced to come here, and: -had never ceased' to complain to the present day, and he believed they never would. • (Cheers.) While he deprecatedthe action-of. the labourers at tbe - Treasury ;doors some years ago, he could not condemn them wholesale, for if the Government brought - them - -from - their - homes th were in tfutybound to find them employment, (Cheers.) The system was thoroughly unjust to the working population^ however they had come out, whether by free immigration or not. (Hear, hear.) -It brought out men not so efficient as those here "before, and thus brought the prices of wages down. As an employer of labour he could say that it did not matter to employers what was the price of labour, other things being equal. Many said,"What is to be done if you will not have free immigration ?" (A ratepayer—"The best way is for the young men to get married," and laughter.) Yes, but that would take a long time. If a man wanted labour from Great Britain or Germany he should import it at his own cost—(applause)— the immigrants being bound to serve for a certain time, say two years, and their employers agreeing to employ them for that time. That was the only way to bring out people suitable for the position they were to occupy. If those who wanted labour had no correspondents in England he would- have no objection to d! the Government agents selecting men for them. { Mr. J, ROBERTS seconded. He had'been in hopes that the ghost of Wakefield had been laid. Under that system the land was bought for speculation, the labourer came, was idle, and went .away. It was said we wanted people; but we wanted people settled down, and not dispreedj/o le^ve tbe colony. ^ The. only way to fxetain*the pbpulafeon permanently was to throw open the- resources-of - the . colony in the most liberal Wy. ' =(C3iwrs^ - - \- 'Mr. CrFkKB<'.said if he - thought population was to be introduced to reduce the price of labour-fie; would-Bay we had'plenty; but there was one tbipjg he had tipheld for the last three tyears—thitt was tokwpw"as r eBas high here as in the ^ other colonies. (Hear, hear.) Mri Goode .suggested that those<who wanted'labour should send for it He paid asmucb wages iti one week as Mr. Goode in a year, and Mr. <Joode got as much profit in one month as he did in a year. • (Laughter : and applause.) The profits of i builders were leas tnffla those of any other trades-' .men, and : it was most unreasonable to expect' that he or any one else should send, home for labour. Let them hold out inducements for -laboursto. como. Mr. Clark talked about the. Savings Bank; but they did not want to lock; money! ux> :5n ttie Savings Bank;-it should be j circulated. He thought there were few who approved of free-immigration. The members of rParliam&nt; w6re -mere ..delegates. ' (Laughter, and cries,of. ".No.") ; He public Md them what "they wanted, and when "the''public put them in farm to get it thev were deceived. Mr. JAVBS FBY said there was no necessity " for immigration under any circumstances.lf any man wanted a labourer he would bring him 20 to pick from. Those who advocated immigration wanted labour to reduce wages." (Cheers. ) The members of Parliament came forward with their dogmas; but he had. known men like them in other pai^s of the world who would have got the end of shoe. (Laughter.) There was ah election coming, and let them pledge the members that if two-lhirds of their constituents called upon tbern to resign—kick them out. (Laughter.) talked ftbvviyarad;but it longed to the people, and die Government bad nd «%Ut to seize it and sell it. It was the rift of God Almighty, and they should not sell it or monopolize it among themselves. (Cheers.) Mr. W. SKETHEWAY supported the. resolution. If they, looked in that eveni^g^ paper they -would see that there w®^ hundreds of men at SaUsra* reding with nothing to do, who would gladly fc&ifie; over here and do the farmers'work fot the next three months, and then they could go back again, for theywould get nothing to do. (Hear, hear.) What would the mercantile community say if persons went to them and said, "We are building a house, but iron is so dear, will you bring some out tocover them?" That was equally as reasonable as the farmers asking for labour. Would they not tell them, " If you want houses you must wait till you get money to pay for the iron?" <Applause.) The fact was the system of men going on this lands without a penny in their pockets was ruinous toSouth Australia, and this j cry of the farmers for labour was nothing but an attempt to reduce the price of labour.' Men who ; r. had travelled through the country had told him '; that there was not a farmer wbo would pay respectable wages who could not get men. (Applause.) - It waa time for the Government to import immigrants when the colony was really in want of them. They had not population enough to be a thriving ceuntry; but what was the use of : bringing out labour without capital as well? (Hear.) If their men of capital had enterprls3 to start manufactories that would be a very different thing; and if the country did not now raise its voice against the unconstitutional action which had been taken by therGovernment he did not know when the door would be shut. (Applause.) Mr. SAHL. RAPHAEL, who was well received, said if they wanted immigration what reason had the Government to interfere with the matter? Let those who wanted labour send for it. (Hear, hear.) They should have heard nothing of this cry if there had not been in the Ministry two Bank Directors, and the more they succeeded in impoverishing the colony the better was it for the absentees whom they represented. {Applause.) Many said that the cry in opp<?3i-; tion to free immigration was got up by tbe working men, but it was got up by the colony generally. If they got men out the farmers and others, if they did not take whatever they offered them would leave them to starve. (Applause.^-' He was sorry the people bad ever 'returned Mr.' Evera'rd, because he" knew that a greater tyrant to the poor man could hot be put in office. (Applause.) Only look at his _ countenance—(laughter)—-and they would see that he was one to trample upon them. He was about 35 miles from there last night, and. he heard a cockatoo farmer'-say-he wanted a man. He (Mr. Raphael) said, "A man ! and you are asking for a thousand; and how long wilt~"you""" employ them? (Laughter and applause.). If they dont like to take what- you offer- 1 them they may go by and starve"—(applause) —and that was now it would be.* When they wanted population let the cry c6me from tbe people. What could they expfect? Mr." Bright, who a little while ago moved that no pir^tor dfa^Bank should hold office, had joined a M&itttrjKi;&^hich there were tj^oJSank Directors; and what could they expect from such a Ministry? .(Applause.) And they^ll knew what a kind-hearted soul fir. Gtyde wa» €o th© : Working class. (Laughter.) He wai^orry 'tonear one of their members tell them that the government having taken the action they did* they were bound to carry it out. When the telegram was sent home telling Mr. Dutton to~ send out the scum of hell—(great laughter)—for it would not be good men they shouldgetout—what" Was to prevent another telegram being .sent to Countermand it, and if that was not done why did not the members repudiate the Government? What should they say to a man who put his hands in their pockets and robbed them, and then said, " Oh, 1 only did it in fun." (Laughter.) When the Ministry got hold 6f a young newfledged member—(laughter)—they chucked-him under the chin, and said " what a pretty boy you are"—(laughter)—and so he got to vote with them. If they, wanted population why not offer inducements to£eojfle : to come! out?. How many millions'of^-acitos were there lying waste? Why not give them to people for a shilling an acre, or lease them for 40 or 50 years •at"a farthing? , Then they might get people to come here. But'as it was,let tilefarmers: who wanted" labour fiend£6r it (Applause.)-- _ v- '^J A Mr. Jones attempted to speak, but was unable to obtain a hearing. Mr. J. BOYD said people talked about the farmers wanting -labourers; * Herhad/ been .in the country for some -fii«ntbs,~iand -could say that if the farmers got them they could give them no accommodation, for they had none-ior. themselves. (Applause.) He was a tradesman, but could not get any work iirAidelaide. Tker, reason was that out of evtei^y 4ive -etafployer^ there was not more than one who had served his apprenticeship to a trade, and they would sooner employ a man w^o had not done so because they could bully him better. It was the same way in the country. .He admitted that he had been brought out tinder the free immigration system; but he had been swindled, as he found no work when he camefi 1 At this stage there were loud calls for'' Mr.' Befcfc;npon<"Whfchr> .» y T--t rr K^T,*- •irr it. ; Bfetesf M.P,-j who -StSa feb was eurpriseSat Mr: "Baphael's reasoning, because with, him there were exceptions to no rules. In the matter ot~ immigration, - Ee had" acted" honestly" by the pledges that he gave at the Burra. He should ^Bife^^it it his. ,,du$y Jsy_. Jiaye_ t tabled ey a motion'.sjpf want: .' ;o£:, corifiden6e" 1 but,- that Jie was aSnew^niethbefr, •ahd'^lwd ; acted upon the Tadvice-of old members in the rcatter.-He wa8one;<rf the four members of the Himse who had ^ spokeii^^ iag£tnst'ih& ito&igration; question^ a&id;'h&then; properly represented the 200 Vorking jtnen Buna who were mainly iostrumental "in returning him. He considered that sufficient had-been done to - put sueh a strain upen the Administration that they dare go no further in free immigration. He had •only enme ,on.that oceasion to listen, and not to interfere with gentlemen who were standing with resolutions in their hands; but he might say that when a Ministry came forward having for it^pplicy the resumption of free immigration he wojuTd give to that Ministry his most tinijomprcmising resistance. (-Applause.) v'- 1 The resolution was then carried, only two hands being held up against it. Mr. J. A. NpRTHMOEE rose to move the third resolution, but before doing so would take the opportunitysjf" ontwrirtg- -^-^TiiVilifvpmtiog^oti^i an unfounded £alumny which had had its origin where it ought hot to have been expected, viz., in one of the pjalpitB of the city, aud which had been circulated by a portion of thl Press, and reproduced as a cartoon in- one 5¥ ttie comic journals. It ^as that the working men of the colony were actuated by sordid selfishness in their opposition to free immigration. He had. never heard of the rev. gentleman making any appeal to those who could afford it to come here and make a profit -out of. the laiidj but hehad deemed it- advisable to.' .offer up thanks for the return to Parliament of two of his own congregation—(hisses)—who were in favour of appropriating the public revenue oT the colony to the -importation of labour to compete with the labour we had here, and whose utmost liberality to those who would come amopgst us.and pay their own.,expenses was a gfit pf 20' acres of land. It was not the Fishers "aid EvBrards who enabled the farmers to get the land at the rate they got it at, but the sympathies ttf Ihe whole people. -He asked; if the large sum's of money sent home from these colonies and America by the working classes showed the sordid selfishness which the reverend gentleman had alluded to. An Englishman, who from a lower depth than "being an inhabitant of a model lodging-house at 7s. 6d. a week had risen: to'; $>e g. mBmb4r- of -the House of Commons, had said, tliair Us had s&ib; v more generous asa^anpe from one working mgn^ to another than" fmaoget any other clasf 'SSf society. What .th4,poor were to the poor'; was known to jew except themselves and their - God. (Cheers.) . HeijipVed-r-, : "That whilst fully cecognioing the capability of this colony - 'for. ..•supporting a vastly increased populatioB. this meeting is -f>f opinion that the legitimate, aud only efficacious means of obtaining and retaining euch population is by the offer of waste lands of the colony to settlers and cultivators upon; equally liberal terms with those offered by "the United States of America and Canada, with equal facilities of selection, and that the expense of importing labour primarily for the advantage and profit of-capital-should—be borne-by those requiring such labour to the extent of at least onerbalf," /r~ T f >• r"*~ <T By.jM*. JkJOthbyjKeaaiw fiiatjpn 31st^ecemt^r, 1559, there was a pbpulatiouTiere. of #52®i, the excess of births over deaths fromy^SOlto 1871 amounted to their own expense thep? ^nd at the public 6xp6hse 6S,667: -Clomparit^' tEe departures with those coming into a-^newlysettled country there ^ioald' have been "here 303,127, and yet we had only 187,851, eonse- ! queatl^ our loss in the 22 years was 115,276, or ! every immigrant that came into the cplpny at i the Government expense, and 50,219 besides. [From 1850 to 1871 £21 3e.6d. per head was [paid for those introduced; £200,000 was spent 4 during -this period in relievingdestitute poor, iand £165,000 for hospitals, -which «dded to i other expenses brought the amount up tonearly i £2,000,000, counting the increase |n their gaols l and the expenditure on .unproductive public I works, which would never have been needed were it not to find employment for a starving ! population. In that time 4,202,313 acres of i land had been alienated from the Crown-simply • into the hands of capitalists and speculators, 1 and turned into sheepruns; and if that system was to be carried on he did not see how tbe colony could progress. He was in favour of * system similar to those in force in the United States and Canada. In the former a man could go upon 160 acres upon giving notice to the Government, and if he liyed upon it and cultivated it for fiveyears he would have it given to him in fee-simple. That was the Homestead Law. The pre-emptive settler took up land surveyed, and paid about 5c., or 6s. for every acre. The Canadian Government somel: years ahad had six millions of land surveyed for immigrants .fromJBritain. A man going there got 100 acres for himself,"100 for his wife, and 100 for children over the age of 18 years. It stood to reason that while this was to -be got in America we .could not induce people, to come here for 20 acres of land. The payment"by the employer of one-half of the passage of the immigrants to this colony'world be a check upon the system of persons saying so many men could be employed, and then not being bound to employ them when they came. One of the deputation some time ago to"the Government bad, he heard, offered a labourer 8s. a week to work at his hay harvest. The cry was not because there were not men to be had, but because the farmers would not pay the men 15s. a week. He begged to move the r resolution. - - ; , Mr; A. O. CHAMBEES- most cordially endorsed the resolution, remarking it was a pity it was not moved earlier that it might have been carefully ventilated. They would all acknowledge that we had a territorycapable of carrying a vastly increased population. ' . ... * The motion was .carried. withipnly one or two dissentients. ^ MR-THOMSON moved— "That the movers and seconders of the forei ^gtob&resolntionB; .bb a Committee to embody the same in a petition to obtain signatures, and to request sope member to present the petition to Pariiamefat.p The motKfn was seconded and carried. The meeting closed with thanks to the Chairman.. - 