TRAIL OF THE THE SERPEHT. m j BOOK THE SECOND. A CLEARANCE OF ALL SCORES. CHAPTER I. BLIND r&TBH.; BY THB AUTHOR OP " Lady Audley's Secret," " Aurora Floyd," itc., &c.;, <fc. THE favourite, " Gallows," having lost in the race with Richard Marwnod, there was very little more interest felt in Slopperton about poor Daredevil Dick's fate. It was known that he was in the county lunatic asylum, a prisoner for life, or, as it is expressed bypersons learned in legal matters, during the pleasure of the Sovereign, ft was known that his poor mother had taken up her abode near the asylum, and that at intervals 6he was allowed the melancholy pleasure of seeing the wreck of her once light-hearted boy. Mrs MarTood was now a very rich woman, inheritress of the whole of her poor murderec, brother's wealth—for Mr Montagne Harding's will had been found to bequeath the whole of his immense fortune to bis only sister. She spent little, however, and what she did expend was chiefly devoted to works of charity; but even her benevolence was limited, and she did little more for the poor than she had done before from her own small income. The wealth of the East Indian remained accumu lating in the hands of her bankers. Mrs Marwood was, therefore, very rich, and Slopperton accordingly set her down as miser. So the nine-days' wonder died out, and the murder ot Mr Harding was forgotten. The sunshine-on the factory chimneys-of Sloppei ton grew warmer every day. Every day the " hands" .appertaining to the factories felt more and more the necessity - of frequent applications the publio-house, as the weather grew brighter and brighter—till the hot June sub blazed down upon the pavement of every street in Slopperton, baking and grilling the stones; till the Eight of a paddle or an overflowing gutter would have been welcome as pools of. water in the great desert of Sahara; till the people who lived on the snnny side of the way felt spitefully disposed towards the inhabitants of tbe shady side; till the chandler at. the comer, who came out witfc a water-pot, sprinkled.the pavement before his door every evening,' was ttiought a public benefactor; till tbe baker, 'who added his private stock of caloric to. the gieat&m; of Sunshine and Co., and baked the pavement above his oven on his own account, was thought a public nuisance, and hot bread an abomination; till the butter Slopperton had for tea was no longer butter, but oil, and eluded the pursuit of the knife, or hid itself in a cowardly manner in the holes of the quartern loaf when the housewife at- tempted to spread it thereon; till cattle standing in pools of water were looked upon with envy and hatred; and till—wonder of wonders 1-^-Slopperton paid up the -water-rate sharp, in fear and anguish at the thought ot the possible cutting-off of that refreshing Said. •'. The 17th of June ushered in the midsummer holidays at Dr Tappenden's establishment, and on the evening ot that day Dr Tappenden broke tip. Of course, this phrase, breaking up, is only a schoolboy's slang. I do not mean that the worthy Doctor (how did he ever come to be a doctor, I wonder ? or where did he get his degree ?) experienced any physical change when -he-broke up; or that he underwent the moral change of going into the Gazette and coming out thereof better off than when he ' went in—which is, I believe, the custom in mpst cases of bankruptcy; I merely mean to say, that on the evening of the 17th of 'Jane Dr Tappenden gave a species of ball, at which Mr Pranskey, the dancing-master, as&sti;»d withhis pumps and bis violin; and at which the young gentlemen appeared also in pumps, a ereflt <ieal of wrist-band and shirtcollar, atid shining faces—in a state of painfully high polish, mm the effect of the yellow soap that had been -lavished upon them by tbe respectable young person who looked to the wardrobe department, and mended the iinen of the young gentlemen. - By the evening of the 18tb,Dr Tappenden's young gentlemen, with the exception of two little fellows with dark complexion^ and frizzy hair, whose dearest connections were at Trinidad, all -departed to their respective family circjes; and Mr Jabez North had the schOoroom to himselt for the whole of the holidays —for, of course, the little West Indibns, playipgata sea- voyage on one of the forms, with « cricket-bat for a mast, or reading Sinbad' the f5pi|or in,a corner, were no hindrentfe to that gentleman's proceedings." Our; friend Ja^en i^calm ionking as-ever, The fair pale .complexion may be, perhapB, a shade paier,,and the arched mouth p trifle fa^nsb^ttM-T^ir'alirafd 1 fcirof&sdr; 'of, phrenology had declared th£t both tbe head an4 e foee %f 'Jabffl 'bpspokea nihrvellpus poWet' of Eecretiveriesa)—4)nt our .friend ie ft plttgidas efer. Tti empale fktse delicate'aqiiiline Mipji fOT^&imd;^tlier«1eAder ( £^re, |jive .ft • tone ; of aristocracy 4o his appearance which ev$n :hist shabby black suit cannot But Jatwz jSfiM;too'weU pleased with his lot. He pf^ ip ani} down tbelittleEchoolroom'in toe twilight.;*}/ the June evening, quite alone, for the-little West Indians have retiredtptbe long dormitory whicb they now inhabit in splitary.gHindeur. Dr Tappenden has gone to the„seaside ^Jth bis/slun, only daughter, familiarly -Jcnown amongst the tscholBrs, who have no eyes for .ethereal beauty as " Skinny Jane." Dr Tappenden has gone to enjoy hiniself; for Dr Tappenden is a rich xnan. He is caid tohava some twenty thouland pounds in- a London tank. ' ile dces'rit bank his money at Slopperton. ' Aid of^' Skinny Jano" it may be observed that there lore young men in the town who would give something -for a' glance of her insipid '•' eye?/ , and who think her fe'thereal uisuruuiion of loveliness: when they adil toii&t; slender form thebulky figures JSS^Sm- the Mm totel of bet father's S^rSac^nt, * paces up and jown.thV schoolroom \- «• lifjht that it scarcely wakes unj disposition-l-rjsip^ summer evening. "•Another six months' Latin grammar," ho utters, "another balfrjear'a rudiments of Qreek, and all the tiresome old fables of Paris b and Helen, and Ilettor and Achilles, for entertainment ! A nice life for a man with my head—for those fools who preached about my deficient moral region were light perhaps when they told me my intellect would carry me anywhere. What has it done for me yet ? Well, at the worst, it has taken me out of loathsome parish rags j it has given me independence. And it shall give me fortune. But bow ? What is to be tbe next trial 1 This time it must be no failure. This time my premises rnust be sure. If I could only bit upon some scheme! There is ,a way by which I could obtain a large sum bf money; but then, the fear of detection I Detection, which if eluded to-day might come to-morrow! And it iB not a year or two's riot and dissipation that I want to purchase; but a long life of wealth and luxury, with proud men's necks to trample on. and my old patrons to lick the dust off my shoes. This i» what I must fight for, and this is what I must attain—but how? How r He takes his hat up, and goes out of the bouse."' He is quite his own master during these holidays. He comes in ' and goes out as he likes, provided he is always at home by ten o'clock, when the house is shut up for the night. • He strolls with a purposeless step through thB streets of Slopperton. It is half-past eight o'clock, and the factory hands fill the streets, enjoying the coolness of tbe evening, but quiet and subdued in their manner, being exhausted by the heat of the long June day. Jabez does not much affect these crowded streets, ^and town into a little lane of ol<f houses, which leads to a great old-fashioned square, in which stand two ancient churches with very high steeples, an antique-looking town-ball (once a prison), a few quaint houses with peaked roofs and projecting upper stories, and a gaunt gump. Jabez soon leaves this square behind him, and strolls through two or three dingy, narrow, old-fashioned streets, till he comes to a labyrinth of tumble-down houses, pig-styes, and dog-kennels, known as Blind Peters Alley. Who Blind Peter was, or how he ever came to have this alley—or whether, as a place possessing no thoroughfare and admitting very little light, it had not originally been called Peters Blind .alley— nobody living knew. But if Blind Peter was a myth, the alley was a reality, and a dirty loathsome fetid reality, with regard to which the Board of Health seemed as if smitten with the aforesaid Peter's own infirmity, ignoring the horror of the place with fatal blindness. So Blind Peter was tbe Alsatia of Slopperton, a refuge for crime and destitution —since destitution cannot pick its company, but must be content often, for the sake of shelter, to jog cheek by jowl with crime, And thus no doubt it 'is on tbe strength of that golden adage about birds of a feather that destitution and crime are thought by numerous wise and benevolent persons to mean one and the same thing. Blind Peter had risen to popularity once or twice—ou the occasion of a girl poisoning her father in the crust of a beet-steak pudding, and a boy of fourteen committing suicide by hanging him- self behind a door. Blind Peter, on the first of these occssions, had even had his portrait taken for a Sunday paper; and very nioe iudeed he had looked io a woodcut—so nice, that he had found some difficulty in recognizing himself; which perhaps was scarcely wonderful, when it is taken into consideration that the artist, who lived in the neighborhood of Holborn, bad sketched Blind Peter from a mountain gorge in the Tyrol, broken up with three or four houses of Chancery Lane. Certainly Blind Peter had a peculiar wild ness in his aspect, being built on the side ot steep hill, and looked very much like London alley which had been removed from i s site add pitched haphazard on to a Sloppei ton mountain. It is not to be supposed for a moment that so highly respectable an individual as Mr Jabez North had any intention of plunging into the dirty obscurity of Blind Peter. He had come thus far only on his way to the out' skirts of the- town, where there was a little brick-bestrewn, pseudo country, very much more liberally ornamented by oyster-shells, brocken crockery, and scaffolding, than by trees or wild flowers—which natural objects were wondrous rarities in this part of the Sloppertonian outskirts So Jabez pursued his way past the mouth of. Blind Peter—which was adorned by two or three broken-down and rusty iron railings that looked like jagged teetl—when he was suddenly arrested by ahideous-loolringwoman, who threw her arms about him, and addressed him in a shrill voice thus— " What, he's come back to his best friends, has he ? He's come back to his old granny, alter frightening her out of her poor old wits by 6taying away four days and four night6. Where have you been, Jim, my deary ? And where did you get your fine toggery ?" " Where did I'getmy fine toggery ? What do you mean, you old -hag ? I don't know you, and you don't know me. Let me pass, will you f or Fit knock you down !" "No, po," she. screamed; "he .wouldn't knock -down his old -granny ; he wouldn'f knock down his priecious granny'that'nursed luin, and brought > him up likea'gentleman, and will tell him a .secret one of these days worth a mint of money, if hetreats her well." " Jabez picked up his bears at the words ".mint pf«onejr,Vand said jnyfitbprji mildpr tone— — <? I tell you, my good woman, you mistake me for somebody else. I never saw you before." . • "Whatf- you're not my Jim J" "No. My name is Jabez North. If you're not satisfied, here's my card," and he took out his card-case. , The old woman stuck' her arms fi .timboo, and stared at him with a gaze of admiration. . " Lor'," she cried, " don't ie do it nat'ral ? Ain't he a born genius ? He's been a-doing the respectable reduced tradesman, or the young man brought up .to tbe church, wbat waits upon tbe gentry with a long; letter, and has a wife and two'innocent children staying in another town, " and only wants the raifnay fare to go to 'em. . . . . Eb, Jim, that's what .. • „, . you ve been a-doing, am t it now? And J ™ ' ™ h o J n e E ^ ag Uke a . ! " d to your grandmother, haven't you now V she ^ f f t ^ ® ^ ® ^nnnVW ftM fn„l I>m "^SILfmi " . _ you're his ghost." I^ook his . and Jabez thought the old woman wai mad; ut he was no coward, and the adventure began to interest him. Who was tbiB man who was so like bim, and who was to learn a secret some day worth a mint of money ? " Will you come with me, then," said the old woman, " and let me get a light, and see whether you are my Jim or not ?" Where's the house ?" asked Jabez. " Why, in Blind Peter, to be sure, Where should it be ?" " How should I know t" said Jabez, following her. He thought himselt safe even in Blind Peter, having nothing of value about him, and having considerableiaith in the. protecting power of his strong right arm. The old woman led the way into the little mountain gorge, choked up with rickety hovels lately erected, or crazy old hou6eB which had once been goodly residences, in the dayB when the site of Blind Peter had been a pleasant country lane. The house 6he entered was of this latter class; and she led the way into a stone-paved room, which had once been tolerably spacious entrance-ball. It wns lighted by one feeble little candle with a long drooping neck, stuck in on old ginger- beer bottle; and by this dim light Jabez saw, seated on a heap of rubbish by the desolate hearth, his own reflection—a man dressed, unlike him, in tbe rough garments of a labourer, but whose face gave back as faithfully as ever glass ha;d done tbe shadow of his own. CHAPTER II. LIKE AND UNLIKE. TBE old woman stared aghast, first at one of the young men, then at the other. " Why, then, he isn't Jim !" she exclaimed. " Who isn't Jim, grandmother 1 Wbat do you mean f Here T am, back again; a bundle of aching bones, old rags, and empty pockets. I've done no good where I've been ; so you needn't ask me for any money, for I haven't earned a farthing either by fair means or foul." " But the other," she said,—" this young mtleman. Look at him, Jim." Tbe man took up tbe candle, snuffed it with his fingers, and walked straight to Jabez. He held the light before the face of the usher, and surveyed him with a leisurely stare. That individual's blue eyes winked and blinked at the flame like an owl's in the sunshine, and looked every way except straight into the eyes looking into his. Why, curse his impudence!" said the »n, with a faint sickly laugh; " I'm blest if be hasn't been and boned my mug. I hope it'll do bim more good than it's done me," he added, bitterly. " I can't make out the meaning of thif, ' mumbled the old woman. " It's all dark to I saw where the other one was put myself. I saw it done, and safely done too. Oh, s, of course " " What do you mean by ' the other one' ?" asked the man, while Jabez listened intently for the answer. " Why, my deary, that's a part of tbe secret you're to know some of these days. Such a secret. Gold, gold, gold, as long as it's kept; and gold when it's told, if it's told at the right time, deary." " If it's to be be told at tbe right time to do me any good, it bad better be told soon, then," said Jim, with a dreary shiver. " My bones ache, and my head's on fire, and iny feet are like lumps of ice. I've walked twenty miles to-day, and I haven't bad bite nor sup since last night. Where's Sillikens ?" " At the factory, Jim deary. Somebody's given her a piece of work—one of the regular hands; and she's to bring home some money to-nigbt. Poor girl, she's been a fretting and a-crying Uer eyes out since you've been gene, Jim." " Poor lass. I thought I might do some gcod for her and me both by going away where I did ; but 1 haven't; and so I've come back to eat her starvation wages, poor lass. It's a cowardly thing to do, and If I'd had strength I should have gone on further, but I couldn't." As be was saying these words a girl came in at the half-open door,, and running up to him, threw her arms round his neck. " 0 Jim, you've come back ! I said you would; I knew you'd never stop away; I knew you couldn't be so cruel." " It's crueller to come back, lass," he said; it's bad to be a burden on a girl like you." " A burden, Jim !" she said, in a low reproachful voice, and then dropped quietly down amongst the dust and rubbish at IUB feet, and laid her head caressingly against bis knee. She was not what is generally called a pretty girl. Hers had not been the delicate nurture which nourishes so frail an exotic as beauty. She bad a pale sickly face; but it lighted up by large dark eyes, and framed by a heavy tnastt of dark hair. She. took tbe man's rough band in hers, and kissed it tenderly. It is not likely that a duchess would have done such a thing; but if she had, she could scarcely hnve done it with better grace. " A burden, Jim !"'sbe 6aid,—" a burden ! Do you tbink if I worked for 1 you day and night, and never rested, that I should be weary? Do you tbink, if I worked my fingers to the bone for you, that I should ever feel tbe pain ? Do you think, if my death could make you a.happy man, I should sot be glad to die? Ob, you don't know, you don't know!" She said this half-despairingly, as if she knew there was no power in his soul to fathom the depth of love in hers., " Poor lass, poor lass," he said, as he laid the other rougo hand gently on her black hair. " If it's as bad as this, I'm sorry for it —more than ever sorry to-night." " Why Jim ?" She looked up at him with a sud Jen glance of alarm. "Why Jim? Is anything the matter?" " Not much, lass; but I don't think I'm quite the thing to-night." His head drooped ashe sprke. The girl put it on her shoulder and it lay there as if he had scarcely power to lift it up again. " Grandmother, he's ill—he's ill I why didn't you tell me t h i B before ? Is that gentleman the doctor ?" she asked, looking at Jabez who still stood in the shadow of the doorway, watching the scene within. " No; but I'll fetch the doctor, if you like," said that benevolent .personage, who appeared to take a wonderful interest in this family " J)o, pir, if you will, be so good," said the irl imploringly ; "he's very ill, I'm sure. f im, look up, -and tell us what's the matter ?'- , The man lifted his heavy .eyelids, >with „«n effort, and looked up frith' bloodshot eyes info her face. No, no! Never'could Be fatliom the depth of this love which looks down at him now with more than a mother's tenderness, with more than a sister's devotion, with more than a wife's self-abnegation. This love, which knows no change, which would shelter him in those entwining arms a thief or a murderer, and which could hold him no dearer were he a king upon a throne. Jabez North goes for a doctor, and returns presently with a gentleman, who, on seeing Jim the laborer, pronounces that be had better po to bed at once; " for," as ho whispers to the old woman, " he's got rheumatic fever, and got it pretty sharp too." The girl they call Sillikens bursts out crying on beai ing this announoement^but eooii chokes down her tears—(as tears are wont to be choked down in Blind Peter, whose inhabitants bave little time for weeping)—and seta to work to get ready a poor apology for a bed— a worn-out mattrass and a thin patch-work counterpane; and on this this they lay the bundle of aching bones known to Blind Peter as Jim Lomax. The girl receives the doctor's directions, promises to fetch some medicine from his surgery in a few minutes, and then kneels down by tbe sick man. " 0 Jim, dear Jim," she says," keep a good heart, for the sake of those who love yov." She might have said for the sake of her who loves you, for it never surely was the lot of any man, from my lord the marquis to Jim the laborer, to be twice in biB life loved as this man was loved by her. Jabez North on his way hpme must go tbe same way as the doctor; so they walk side by side. "Do you think he will recover?" asks Jabez. " I doubt it. He has evidently been exposed to great hardship, wet and fatigue. The fever is very strong upon him; and I'm afraid there's not much chance of his getting over it. I should think something might be done for bim, to make him a little more comfortable. You are his brother, I presume, in spite of the apparent difference between you in station ?'' Jabez laughed a scornful laugh. " His brother! Why, I never saw the man till ten minutes before you did." Bless me!" said the old doctor, " you amaze me. I should have taken you for twin brothers. Tbe likeness between you is something wonderful; in spite, too, of tbe great difference in your clothes. Dressed alike, it would be impossible to tell one from the other." " You really think so ?" " The fact must strike any one." Jabez North was silent for a little time after this. Presently, as he parted from tbe doctor at a street-corner, he said— " And you really tbink there's very little chance of this poor man's recovery ?" "I'm afraid there is positively none Unless a wonderful change takes place for tbe better, in three days he will be a dead man, Good night." " Good night," says Jabez, thoughtfully, And be walked slowly home. It would seem about this time tbat he was turntng his attention to his personal appear ance, and in some danger of becoming a fop; for tbe next morning he bought bottle of hair- dye, and tried some experiments with it on one or two of his own light ringlets which he cut off for that purpose. It would seem a very trivial employment for so superioir and'intellectual a man as Jebez North, but it may be that every action of this man'6 life, however apparently trivial, bore towards one deep and settled purpose. CHAPTER III. A GOLDEN" SECRET. Mn. JABEZ NORTH, being of such a truly benevolent character, came tbe next day to Blind Pete-, full of kind and sympathetic inquiries for the sick man. For once in a way he offered something more than sympathy and administered wbat little help he could afford with bis slender purse. Truly a good young man, this Jabez. The dilapidated house in ltlind Peter looked still more dreary and dilapidated in the day light, or in such light as was called daylight by tbe denizens of that wretched alley. By this light, too, Jim Lomax looked none the better, with hungry pinched features, blood shot eyes, and two burning crimson spots on his hollow cheeks. He was asleep when Jabez entered, The girl was still seated by his side, never looking up, or taking her large dark eyes from his face—never stirring, except re-arrange tbe poor bundle of rags which served as a pillow for the man's weary bead, or to pour out his medicine, or moisten his hot forehead with wet linen. The old womnh sat by tbe great gaunt fireplace, where she had lighted a few sticks, and made the best fire could, by tbe doctor's orders; for the place ivas damp and draughty, even in this warm June weather. She wns rocking herself to and fro on a low three- legged stool, and muttering some disconnected jargon. When Jabez had spoken a few words to tbe sick man, and made h<s offer of assistance, he did not leave the place, but. stood, on tbe hearth, looking with a thoughtful face at tbe old woman. She was not quite right in her mind, according to general opinion in Blind Peter] and if a Commission of Lunacy had been called upon to give a return of her state of intellect on tbat day, I think that return would have agreed with tue opinion openly expressed in a friendly manner by her neighbors. She kept muttering to herself, " And so, my deary, this is the other one. The water couldti't bave been deep enough. But it's not my fault, Lucy dear, for I saw it safely put away." • ? " What did you see so safely put a^ay f 1 asked Jabez, in so low a voice as tp be heard neither by tbe Bick man nor the girl. "Wouldn't you like to know,. deary'?' mumbled the old bag, looking up at him with a malicious grin. " Don't you very much want to know, n>y dear ? But you never will: or if you ever do, you must be a rich man first;, for it's part of the secret, pfld the sepi-fit's gold—as long as it is kept, my dear, and it's been kept a many years, and kept faithful." > " Does lie know it ?" asked Jabez, pointing to the sick man. " No, my dear; he'd want to tell it. I mean to sell it some day, for its worth a mint of money) A mint of money!. He doesn't know it—nor she—not that it matters to her) but it does matter to him." "Then you had 'best let him know before three days are ovei-, or he'll never know it'!" said tbe schoolmaster. " Why npt, deary T t . . . "Never you mind! I want to speak to you; and I don't want, those itfrp (o^ear - whaf. I, say. Can we go anywhere hereabouts where I can talk to you without the chance of being overheard 7" The old woman nodded nssent.'anjl led the way with feeble tottering Steps out of the. house, and through a gap it a hedge to some, broken ground at the -back of Blind, Peter.; Here the old crone seated herself upon a little hillock, Jabez standing "opposite her, looking her fill in tbe face. " Now," said he, with a determined look ot the grinning face before bim," now tell me— what was the something that was put away so safely? And what relation is that man in there to me ? Tell mo, and tell me the Uuth, or " He only finishes' the sentence with a threatening look, but the old woman finishes }t for {jitrij-^- " Or. you'll kill ine—eh, dehry ? I'm old and feeble, and you;might easily doit—eh? Bi't you won't—you won't, deary? You know-hetterthan that! "Kill tne, and you'll never know the secret!—the secret that may be gold toyoit some day, and that nobody alive but me can tell. If you'd gotsome very precious wine in a glass bottle, my dear, you wouldn't smash the bottle now, would you ? because, you see, you couldn't smash the bottle without spilling the wine. And you won't lay so much as a rough finger upon me, I know." The usher looked rather as if he would have liked to lay the whole force of ten very rough fingers upon the most vital part of the grinning hag's anatomy at that moment—but he restrained himself, as if by an effort, and thrust bis hands deep into his trousers-pocket, order the better to resist temptation. " Then you don't mean to tell me what I asked you t" he said impatiently. " Don't be in a hurry, my dear! I'm an old woman, and I don't like to be hurried. What is it you want to know ?" " What that man in there is to me." " Own brother—twin brother, my dear— that's all. And I'm your grandmother—your mother's mother. Ain't you pleased to find your relations, my blessed boy ?" If he were, he liad a strange way of showing pleasure; a very strange manner of welcoming newly-found relations, if his feelings were to be judged by that contracted brow and moody glance. " Is this true ?" he asked. The old harridan looked at bim and grinned. That's an ugly mark you've got upon your left arm, my dear," she said, " just above the elbow; it's very lucky, though, it's under your coat-sleeve, where nobody can see it" Jabez started. He bad indeed a scar upon bis arm, though very few people knew of it. He remembered it from hie earliest days in the Slopperton workhouse. Do you know bow you came by that mark ?" continued the old woman. " Shall I tell you ? Why, you fell tnto the fire, deary, when you were only three weeks old. We'd been drink a little bit, my dear, and we were not used to drinking much then, nor eating much either, and one of us let you tumble into the fireplace, and before we could get you out, your arm was burnt; but you got over it, my dear, and three days after that you had tbe misfortune to fall into the water." You threw me in, you old she-devil!" he exclaimed fiercely. " Come, come," she said, "you are of the same stock, so I wouldn'tcall names if I were you. Perhaps I did throw you into tbe Sloshy. I don't want to deny it. If you say so, I dare say I did. I suppose you think me a very unnatural old woman ?*, " I would not be so strange it I did." " Do you know what choice we had, your mother and me, as to wbat we were to do with our youngest hope—you're younger by two hours than your brother in there ? Why there was the river on one side, and a lite ot misery, perhaps starvation, perhaps worse, on the other. At the very best, such a lite as he in there has led—hard labor and bad food, long toilsome days and short nights, and bad words and. black looks from from all who ought to help him. So we thought one was enough. for that, and we chose the river for the other. Yes, my precious boy, I took you down to tbe river-side one very dark night and dropped you in where the water was deepest; but, you see it wasn't deep enough for you. Oh, dear," she said, with an imbecile grin, " I suppose there's a fate in it, and you were never born to be drowned." Her hopeful grandson looked at her with a savage frown. " Drop that!" he said, I don't want any of your cursed wit." " Don't YOU, deary ? Lor, I was quite a wit in my young days. They used to call me Lively Betty ; but that's a long time ago." There was sufficient left, however, of the liveliness of a long time ago to give an air of ghastly mirth to the old woman's manner, which made that manner extremely repulsive. What can be more repulsive, than old age, which shorn of the beauties end graces, is yet not purified from the follies or the vices of departed youth ? "And so, my dear, the water wasn't deep enough, and you were saved. How did it all come about ? Toll us, my precious boy ?" " Yes j I dare say you'd like to know," replied her " precious boy"—" but you can keep your secret, and I can keep mine, Perhaps vou'Il tell me whether my mother is alive or dead ?" Now this was a question which would have creully agitated Borne men in position Jabez North ; but tbat gentleman was a philosopher, and might bave been inquiring tbe fate of some cast-OT-garment. tor all tbe fear, tenderness, ro emotion of any kind that bis tone or manner . " You mother's been dead Don't you ask me how she died.. .I'm an old woman, and my head's not BO right but what some things will set it wrong. Talking of thatjs one of'em. phe's dead.. I couldn'i. save uer/riorlielp'her,,nor eet.hpr .right."" I hope there's more pity where she's' gone than she ever got here; for I'm sure if trouble can need it, ene needed it Don't ask tne enyl thing about ier. ,? "Then I won't," said Jabez. "My relations don't seem such an eligible lot that I should set (o work to write the history af the family. I suppose I hail a father of some kind or other. What's become of him ? Dead or " Hung, eh, deary ?" said the old woman, relapsing into 'the 'malicious grin. " Take care what you're about,", said the fascinating Mr North, " or you'll tempt me to, shake the life out-of your drivelled-old carcass." "And then you'll never know who your father was. Eb ?- • Ha, c ba I my precious boy; that's part of the golden secrot that tionfe but me can tell." . .,7 L^ "Then you wont tell tie my father's v! natne?,"^ , .. " PerhapsTve Torgolten it,' deary; perhapB I never knew it—who knows 1 . "Wes he if you. class—poor, insignificant, andwtetchfed, the scum of'tlio eatthi the'-mud in tliie; streets, t|ie| sluitfin th^|tters, for o t h e r p e o p l e t o t itheirtflirty boots? Whs he that WrtiOf Wng ? Baceuse if Ife ivas, I shan't put myself out of the way to make any tonder enquiries about him." " Of course not, deary. You'd like him to have been a fine gentlemen—a baronet/- or au earl, or a marquis, eb, my blessed boy ? A marquis is atout the ticket for you, eh ? What do you say to & marquis ?" It was not very polite, certainly, wh&t; he did say; not quite the tone of conversation to be pleasing to any marquis, or to any noble or potentate whatever, except one, and him, bv the laws of polite literature, I am not allowed to mention. Puzzledby her m vsteriousmamblings, grinnings, and gesticulatoins) our friend' Jabes stared hard in tlie old crone's face for about three minutes—looking very much as if he would like to throttle uer; but he refrained from tbat temptation, turned on his heel, aud walked off in the direction of Slopperton. Tbe old woman apostrophized nis receding figure: " Ob, yes, deary, you're a nice young man, and a clever, civil-spoken young man, and a credit to them tbat reared you j but you'll never bave the golden secret out ot me till you've got the money to pay for it. (To be continued.) TEA V. BRANDT.—'The excellent health enjoyed by the troops on the march to £hiva, the Musstan Invalide attributes greatly to the substitution of tea for brandy as a regular THE stings of insects should be treated as follows:—If you can. extract the sting first; but in eveiy case wash the place with diluted liquid ammonia ; if that cannot be procured the spot, lime water may be taken instead. JOURNALISM is indeed looking up in Japan. The Tycoon has started a daily paper, ana as he announces that he will behead every ablebodied " Jap " who does not subscribe at once, he hopes to work up quite a list of subscribers, and make his paper. " pay from the start." Native merchants who do not advertise have their property confiscated. BEAUTY AND DIAMONDS.—The visit of tbe Cesarewitch and Cesarevna to London is thus commented on by alady correspondent:— The presence of tbe Cesarevna has evidently made her sister, the Princess of. Wales, very bappy, and though tbe Cesarewitch is a heavy uninteresting wooden personage; like a clumsy German soldier crammed into a rich uniform, though he never smiles and rarely speaks, and looks sulky and stupid—his uniform and his suite added to tbe pageantry of the last month. The Cesarevna's jewels are most magnificent. On several occasions 6he quite outshone the Shah, especially at the Albert-ball, where she wore a sleeve knot of incomparable beauty, and a band of large diamonds on her dark hair was like a river ot fire. ^ BLESS THE BANK.—The Chancellor of tko£* Exchequer has obtained leave to bring in a Bill authorising the Bank of England, in cer- tain events, to issue an extraordinary number of notes in exchange for securities. Howmuch the old'lady in Threadneedle-street will resemble Patti and Titiens, and Christine Nilsson ! Bless her old heart. More powpr to her larynx. May her ability to utter notes abide for ever; may her voice never crack; • may no length of years impair her utterance, so as to transmute the bank note from a soprano to a falsetto. A MISSOURI judge lately delivered a unique death sentence. He-said tothe candidate for the gallows:—" If guilty, you richly deserve the fate which awaits you; if innocent; it will be a gratification for you to feel that you were hanged without such a crime on your conscience; in either case you will be delivered from a world of care." WE learn that tbe South Australian Cricketing Association, having telegraphed through their Secretary, Mr H. Y. Sparkes, the Agentin Melbournefor the English Cricketers, accepting their terms for a visit to Adelaide, received a reply to the effect that the message came to late, and that the Association bad better communicate with tbe Kadina people, who had closed with the English team, and without whose consent die All England eleven could not play anywhere in South Australia. IMPORTANT TO SCHOOL TEACHERS.— A circular has recently been issued by tbe Council of Education intimating a change in the regnlationB, which will be of importance to all teachers under the Council. The advance in salary made is about £6 per annum. TIM The /Mpintav circular atofAC states:—"That • "THAT tbe THA Council /Innnnil )IOA has rescinded article 43 of the regulations of 8th March, 18(39, and has substituted tbe following in lieu thereof, viz.:—The salaries of male principal teachers in charge of schools, if married and assisted by their wives, shall be in accordance with tbe following scale, but subject to tne provisions of article 40. Class I., section A, £150 per annum; class 1., section B, £138 per annum; class II., section A, £126 per annum; class 'II., section B, £114 per annum; class III,, soction A, £102 per annum; class III., section B, £90 per annum: class TIL', section C, £78"per annum. The salaries ot unmarried male teachers, of married teaohers not assisted by their wives, &mt; of female teachers in charge of schools, shall be £12 per annum less than the foregoing rates.. Tbe Council has'also resolved ' that salaiyshould'be granted to. probationers in charge of public iind certified denominational schools, at the Tate of £66 per annum,~and to teachers of proviggQplr schools at the rates undermentioned:—For an average daily attendance during any taonth of21, but«nder 25, £5 per month; 18, but under 21, £4 per month; 15, but under-18, £3 per month; 12, but underlie,~£2 pertnpnfh. ^Thecifcttlars havinjj l-eferetite toTledbbdbns' from lately ~on account of small attendance, dated 18t}yQp*~ tober, 1871, 2nd. Januai7> 1872, and i m March, 1872, rospectively, bave <been '•withdrawn. In terms of article 46 of the regulations, theialaty' of the te%cfyer for the ttpnth is liable i to reaction wVenithe averag^I^aily ^ attendance does notreaoh therequired minimum. - But if the teacher can 8how tbat the dimin* - ished aitehdanbe is pi^bly.biit te^jOTarjr, and that it Upwing'to causes whiohliai&Qnpt; control, :hU proper, course is to state thp iaots for the consideration of 'the: Oouncil, and at tbe same time to furnisha certificate from the school hoard of cpqd&lftee;^"that the'ieasoais assigned are correct, ^apid the oqly ones to whioh the low attendance for the month is attributable.' : Unless a certificate be furnished in atrict conformity with tbe terms! prescribed, B deduction will be mftdo r salary according to rule." 