EVENINGS AND MORNINGS IN THE BUSH. III. (To the Editor of the Advocate.) Sin,—I promised in my last to tell you how I fell in with the Pope when wandering in the bush. I did not, and I do not mean to say, it was surprising to hear of or to read of the Pope in the forests of Australia, any more than in the fruit market at Marseilles or the flower stalls of Florence. Every region of the earth bears the foot-prints of the Prince of the Apostles. The inhabiters of jevery laud know who the Pope is and what he in, however some of them may affect ignorance. Wherever a Catholic dwells, in the valley of the Mississippi, on the plains of China, or the hills of Kafirlaud, there the Pope is; and cannot be driven away. And the more God's enemies strive to stamp out the presence and power of God's Vicegerent, the more firmly do they take root in the hearts of God's elect. When men made to themselves a new religion in England 300 years ago, boasting an authority above all Popes, they blotted the Chief Pastor's name out of the new service book of the new church. This they did in the rebel hope of obliterating it from the mind and memory of the English nation. An English monarch in traitor insolence to Christ drew the pen across the name of the Vicar of Christ in the English liturgy, to show how both prince and people despised and discarded him. But with what result. All through these three hundred years no nation calling itself Christian has tormented itself more about the Pope, or been more nervously alive to everything the Pope says or does. No nation under heaven pays more foolish or more feverish attention to all the Pope's movements, than the nation which so ostentatiously pretended to disregard and defy him. The Pope haunts England, as the ghost of a murdered man haunts his murderer. The Protestant people of England go on protesting that the Pope is only a bugbear, and his claims ail mummery and moonshine. And yet no silly schoolgirl was ever more terrified at a mop-stick with a towel buog on it—no benighted schoolboy ever trembled more sincerely at a moonshine shadow, than Mr. John Bull quakes and trembles if you only shout in his ear, " John, John, here's the Pope coming to eat you up." Not all the force of the Protestant lie-creed, that the Pope is Antichrist, has ever yet been able to give Protestants even Dutch courage enough to stand fast to their own lie, and act as if they believed it. Their sole dogma which they retain is, that the Pope is certainly Antichrist, and hath no dominion in the English realm, including of course the colonies. And yet, if the dear old Pope only blows his nose, all Protestantdon^, as well as England, goes into fits of panic fear, and stupidly wonders what misfortune is about to fall on every affrighted Protestant nincompoop. I dare say you and your readers have often pondered on the Bad mystery of iniquity'that enveloped the great and noble English nation in its delusive glamour 300 years ago, and drowned it in the depths of the servile superstition which cast it prostrate before the great pot-bellied image which the English Nebuchadnezzar, Henry VIII., set up, wheni he proclaimed himself " SCPEEME HEAD" of the English Church. Nothing in all the world's history is more amazing or mournful than tbe withering and debasing swiftness with which the upstart Saga of the new secularism permeated every chink and cranny of the whole moral, religious, domestic, social, political, parliamentary, literary, legislative, judicial, administrative, and diplomatic life and consciousness of the English people. Awful surely was the strength and sorrowful the consequences of the new tradition, with its incongruous patchwork of contradictory opinions; and with its raw rationalistic negations, which so soon ripened and led men to deny the invisible and supernatural because they were not the visible and the natural. Christianity was summed up in the Nicene Creed. The Tudor kings of England wrote a new version of the Christian creed to make it tally with their own Tudor version of the Ten Commandments ; and now the Duke of Somerset informs us that " Christianity'' has proved an enormous failure. His pamphlet came by the last mail. Fifty years ago, even in Protestant England, His Grace would have been prosecuted for publishing such a pamphlet. But Protestantism grows more and more indulgent to her half-sister, blasphemy, as the relationship between them becomes every year more apparent. The Duke of Somerset, of course, meant that hiBOwn "Christianity" had failed. Of Catholicity—of the power of the Gospel—of genuine Christianity, the poor Duke knows as much as a well-fed bullock knows of algebra. He never knew anything but the wretched travestie of Tudor Christianity : a Christianity begotten in the adulterous bed of tbe blood-stained monster who so shockingly butchered the aged Duchess of Salisbury; and divorced, or cut the heads off, four wiveB out of Mb six; and then hanged and quartered those who wouldn't acknowledge him, " under God, as the Supreme Head of the protesting Church." I wish somebody would make me know what such a Church was protesting against. Certainly not against murder and adultery on tbe part of its own "Head." I declare to.yon, honoured Editor, that, as a mere matter ol good taste, I would as lief belong to a Church that had been set up by the personal hands and bodily efforts of what our Shahspeare calls "the eternal devil himself," as to a Church set up by Henry VIII. The devil never committed adultery; and for many years Henry VIII. hardly committed anything else, except murder. Henry VIII., his Church, was the immediate base-born offspring of his adulteronp connexion with Mistress Ann Boleyn. Henry wanted the Pope to divorce him from his lawful wife because she was 45 years of age, and thus enable him to marry a blooming girl of 20. To gain his point, he first told tbe Pope a parcel of lies. Then he fawned and coaxed tbe Pope. Then he tried to bribe the Pope. When all this failed, he took to bullying, and threatened the Pope what he would do if the divorce wasn't granted. And solely because the Pope wouldn't lend himself to so flagrant and scandalous a breach of public morals and Christian obligation, then His Most Excellent Majesty, Henry VIII., turned Protestant forthwith; set up a national—that is to say, a gentile—that is, an ecclesiastical—institution deriving all its sanctions and sacraments from this world; a Church not over nice about the sin of adultery ; and appointed himself the head of it— " fit body to fit head." And this Church and religion and nation thus protestantized and self-excommunicated from the Communion of Saints and Church of Christ, has gone on its protestant way, until in our own day and before our eyes, it has so rambled away into the wilderness of misbelief and reprobacy, that, with an " open Bible " in every Englishman's hand, England passed a law abrogating the Scriptural law of marriage, and making adultery a legal institution. There is a Divorce Court in Westminster Hall where any two collusive married sinners, if they are clever enough, and have the money, can get a divorce for £50; and marry other wives and husbands, contrary to the command of Christ. This is the " Christianity" in which the Duke of Somerset was bred up. This is the Christianity against which his common senBe has revolted. This Christianity taught him that God had given him a right to think for himself, and by that right to refuse his assent to anything God revealed—that is, that God bad given every human being leave to deny God's existence if they think proper. The Duke's " Christianity " further taught him that the gratification of the lusts of the fleBh is the supreme felicity of man. His Christianity also taught him that'the worship of "machinery " was the correct Christian card; and that " machinery" would work out the salvation of the world. Then the Duke was taught that there was nothing like the adoration of " railroads." By-and-bye he was required to believe that the most sacred of all idols was a " telegraph post;" and after this his Protestant pastors and masters assured him that tbe nearest path to Heaven was by " submarine cable." Lastly, the Duke was informed that he was only a bigger species of monkey with his tail neatly pared off; and what could the unfortunate Duke do but what he has done, and that is, to pitch his Christianity to the devil where it came from. It began in adultery; and, true to its origin, it has annulled in England the law of Christian marriage. It repudiated the faith and fellowship of the Apostles—swore the Pope was Antichrist—and now bids us believe in cigars, pale ale, the Commune, and "civilisation." The Duke of Somerset got sick of such a " Christianity," and threw it to the dogs. Heaven pity the unlucky dogs that find it 1 If the Duke had only been in Victoria last year, he would have had another, and rather appalling, reason for kicking his Protestant Christianity down stairs. Had he only lived fat the top of Big Bonrke-street, he might have seen a Colonial Protestant Parliament passing a kind of law which Protestant Parliaments, from the force of long habit, are always delighted to pass — and that is a penal law—a law to cruBh conscience. A penal law, unsurpassed in cool, atheist, hypocritical rascality since the days of the prophet Daniel, was passed in Victoria last year, forbidding the most holy name of the Almighty God to be uttered in any Victorian state school; or any prayer to be offered to God in a state school, during the legal school hours ! Under a penalty, the name of God, or a prayer to God, is interdicted in every state school in this colony, all through the hours of state instruction. For all religious tuition is excluded during those hours. Therefore there can be no mention of the name of God, unless under a penalty; or unless profanely to swear by. Small blame to the Duke who abjured such a " Christianity." The blame and shame rest rather on the concoctors of the lie-creed which has so cursed a brave and powerful nation with a false conscience, and with a hatred of Christian unity, and with a foul love of heretical confusion, and with a blind enthusiasm for material beatitudes and the triumphs of brute force over peaceful rights, and with an ever-gnawing, and self-tormenting, and insatiable appetite for new and newer forms of scepticism, and for demonologies without end. Then having sought certitude and satisfaction in an' hundred clashing, earth-born creeds which sprang up from the parent lie-creeds, and having erected and torn down again an hundred ephemeral, antagonistic " churches " of their own contriving—having passed by the tree of Life, and trampled over thb whole garden of human knowledge, and plucked the un. rip ^ fruit of every upas tree, and tasted every poison berry—having found all hollow, all bitter, all delusory and shifting in the past, and still more in the present—lo, your Protestant doubters and dreamers now turn to "the Future." The Future u • great God and a good and a kind God, who will come down to them, and m.w them as wise, and as powerful as himsSJ! and lay open all his secrets to them make all plain, and pleasant, and solid a 5 bright, and permanent, and ecstatic Bl» you, there will and shall be a " Churchof«!! Future." Live, O Editor, live until it coaw, It is sure to be here in about forty thon..*;! centuries. Only live thou till it ^ Wait long enough, and don't die. If die, you'll lose the Church of the Futn™ Think of that, and keep death out of vonr house. Experience of the Past and of the Present is, no doubt, all againBt the dreamers. " All churches have erred " savg the most impudent and erring if lu churches. All hopes from such churches have been frustrated. Every city of refuea hitherto has proved a pitfall. Therefore the Future will be safe, and stable, and true 'and consolatory. Now, all this maniac's drivel is the natural upshot of the great lie-creed • and has brought a judicial dementia on the nation. What else could account for the foaming fury of impotent and farcical rage to which England lashed herself' in 1850 and '51, when a parliament passed the "Ecclesiastical Titles" Bill against " papal aggres" sion," and an English mob burned, not onlv the Pope, but the Holy Mother of God ii effigy. TUG sequel to this outburst of national wrath is striking. In exactly twenty years a Protestant English Parliament was compelled to repeal this Ecclesiastical Titles Bill in order to prevent Protestant bishops from being prosecuted for using their titles. So that, instead of putting down the Pope' and repelling his aggressions, the parliament of Protestant England, in 1871, was suicidally pulling down the " Irish branch" cf the Eng. lish Protestant Church, for the purpose of "placating" popery; and failing equally either to demolish or propitiate it. To what a state of passion and vacillation the great Protestant nation had sunk when we behold it perpetrating such insanities, One year bellowing like an • enraged bull at the Pope until hoarseness reduces it to silence; another year capsizing one-half of its own pure and scriptural Church to put the Pope in good humour. But among the false prophets of the he. creed, conspicuously stands, or once stood, the Bight Beverend and trusty Father in God, Thomas, Lord Biihop whilome of •Bristol; and very glib . and very successful was Thomas in preaching up the principal whimsey of Protestantism about the Pope being Antichrist, in his Commentary on the Apocalyptic Prophecies. The childish ingenuity with which he performed hiB lunatic task, _ merits unbounded admiration. His exposition of the lie-creed fairly "bangs Banagher." His method of explaining the typic scenes and symbolic prefigurations of the New Testament should be placed at the head of the Seven Wonders of the World. His canon of interpretation surpasses all rational comprehension, aa far as it violates all the rules of rational criticism ; and may be taken as one of the most matchless specimens of theological tomfoolery extant. The ancient nursery cow jumping over the moon is a joke to the way Thomas Newton, D.D., mounts his exegetic broomstick and flies into the clouds of preposterous impiety. Ecu signum. An angel directs the Apostle St. John's view in the Revelations towards a great scarlet-coloured beast which couches down and spreads itself out over seven bills. The Seven Hills are the pre-christian city ol Home; and the beast means post-pagan " Popery." That is to say, the angel was showing St. John " things to come ;" but Bishop Newton placidly informs UB that the vision applies to things past; and, therefore, that popery had been sitting on the seven hills for seven hundred years before St. Petet was born 1 But on the back of the great scarlet beast sits a woman in queenly array, clothed in scarlet robes, that sparkle with gold, and diamonds, and pearls, and all manner of precious stones; and over this rich dress she wears a royal mantle of imperial purple. This woman means the Papacy. That is to say, a female signifies a long line of unmarried Pontiff kings I And St. John tells us, the scarlet-robed woman that is, the Papacy, "got drunk with the blood of the saints and martyrs;" and St. Thomas Newton tells us this means that the Popes, in all ages, were always cutting the throats of their fellow-Christians, such as St. Patrick and St. Bridget and St. Columbkille, and, like vampires, lived on the saints' blood! But the scarlet woman, St. John says, had a gold cup in her hand, full of all abominations and filthiness; and Bishop Newton says these filthy things in the cup were nothing else than the doctrines and sacraments, and altars and chalices, and patens and incense and censers, and altar lights and altar flowers and altar bells, and missals and holy oils and holy water, and crucifixes and fonts and vestments, and penances and indulgences and devotions, and beads and litanies and masses —in short, tbe whole liturgical services, creeds, and discipline of the Papal Church! So Thomas of Bristol sings and says; and isn't his saying a marvel of unsophisticated commentative blatherskite ? I am not going to hunt this Episcopal dotard's Protestant Will-o'-the-Wisp any further through its dreary bog of malignant fatuity. There are some things so gloriously ridiculous, it is enough to state them in order to explode them. Place them in their naked exuberance of ghastly and rhapsodical fanaticism, and you slay them. Indeed, the Protestant Dr. Maitland, when librarian to a late Archbishop of Canterbury, and the still more Protestant Bev. Dr. Burgh of Dublin, have saved Catholics all further trouble in exposing such moody ribaldries. These and other Protestant writers have made Newton's extravagancies odious and contemptible to educated Protestants; and the Bristol simpleton's xavinga now hold their ground only among e empty skulls of Exeter HalL Bat did I U in with Newton as well as with the Pope the Bash? Yes. Wherever God sows heat, the devil follows in the dark and overw 0 the wheat with tares; and how I disovered this at the Kangaroo Club Hotel, I ope to tell you next week. PEDTETRE. April 21, 1873. 