Dramatic and Musical Review. "Justice always whirls In equal meaauro.-LOVE'S LABOUR'S LOST." ME. Pairolongh has eriven ample evidence of his great abintjr and'tho closeness o£ his reading, by Lia artistio rendition of characters totally opposite in temperament and portraiture. Othello, Iago Sir Giles Overreach, Bur Edward Mortimer, Petruchio, ßichard III., and Macbeth, within the space of ono weok, all-to say the lout-aWy interpreted, bear ample testimony of great versatility of talent, and if wo lose Mr Fairclough before nany of our citizona who desire to be present at his «Présentations have had the opportunity of ao doing, it *ulbe because they aro not disposed to witness perform ances which are, apart from the principal character wtwo, but very inadequately rendered ; or that tho nianagemont yielding to tho nocoBaity for chango (the oi»ii8 being always mnnlfosted by the public) already Pwcetveahis waning influence. It migh? easily be sup posed that in a city like Sydney, a two or three month's engagement awaited this very effective aotor, to whom w have not had many superiors in this country. There .wno botter illustrations for contrasts in anactor's Btylo »antho "Taming of the Shrew" and "Macbeth." unfortunately, however, tho comedy waa performed Pk *n.lPaw,may ovoning after the tragedy of the "Iron «T?*» when actors were fagged and fatigued and tho «Menee waa eager to get home. In attempting to nako the part of Petruchio suoh a character as would eonnterbajance the vehoment irritability of the Shrew, IT» »airclough rather overstrained himself, "stead of the passionate choleric gentleman, «L?M moro of » bullying roysterer, and Si», ! ,Boarooly even to show Katherine that all was ri?T « 6 for her» except it might bo implied by sar mTn. .««vortbeloBB, Mr Fairelough'B readings were BS Y wn°ti and spirited. In aomo of thom tho "¡¿^í^asbottor marked than in many of his previous ha?.**8 .auypriainof to seo that Mademoiselle logrand tion.Ärcd 80 Preat a mnstory of tho difficult situa ter » part of Kathorine. Tho spirit of the charoo ibftw.^ . ?,aniXoated at every point. In the first she USS Af ^'"Ny tho idea of wedding Petruchio for tho thui ««:.uOBíor,nK hIm than out of any affection, and ePWH abo retained till thoroughly conquered, and she agreed to call the sun moon, and the moon by any j other name that waa pleasing to her lord. Her haughty [ conduct to her sister, and her subsequent j gentleness when rebuking her, and teaching her a wife's duty was marked by the reading of th< thorough artiste, showing not only the understanding o the author's intention, but a most correct interpretation of the text, a point of great difficulty for a foreigner Those who saw Madlle Legrand as Julie in "Richelieu,' in which she exhibited the utmost sweetness of a loving disposition, could not have been surprised at tho firm ness and loftiness of temper which she displayed a¡ Katherine. It may be mentioned aa another evidence o Mddle Legrand's eood qualifications that she dressei with the utmost teste and elegance. Mr. Welsh may be commended for the very excellem delivery of Baptists, and Mr. Poole threw conaiderabh humour into the part of the terrified conacquential ser vant Grumio. Mr. H. Power gave due weight if noi breadth to that ninth part of a man, the unfortunate tailor. Mra. Charles Jones, too, waa a very good ole Dame Curtis, fit to have the chargo of so important t household. But every one must cease to wonder al Petruchio's anger, if Dame Curtis always caused th< dinner to be served up in such a style as that in whicl it was introduced on Saturday. Next to Mr. Fairolough's Eichenau I like his Macbett the best of all MB performances, though, like his Hamlet it presents more inequalities, or rather too much equality of tone throughout. His beat scene was undoubtedly the soliloquy known as the dagger scene, which was delivered in a subdued but impassioned undertone, thai was very effective. His snatching at tho aerial dagger, and the shudder with which he turnB away from the appa rent gouts of/blood waa real, and almost awe-inspiring The introductory direction to the servant, too, was more correctly read, "Go,-bid thy mistress," &c; , than as it is usually delivered, without tho stop, as the intention was a dismissal of the servant and a sudden recollection of something further he wished them to do. Tho description to Lady Macbeth of tho progress of the murder was also thoroughly soholarly and artistic. It displayed a depth of fooling that would characterise a man of Macbeth's temperament better than does thc brutal tone in which it is usually recited. A new f oat ure was introduced intothe banquet scone by tho absence of the apparition of Banquo's ghost. This is undoubtedly an improvement, because tho sudden change in the actor's manner on his witnessing what no ono oise sees, gives greater soopo for judioious acting, and is far more startling than if the apparition woro seen by the speotator. But it can scarcely be very easily apparent why the host and king should sit away from the table, and depart from his guests. Mr. Fairclough was .particularly effective in tho final scone. His readings generally were intelligent, but not overstrained for the purpose of giving some hidden monning not warranted by the text. Tho play of Macbeth does not depend principally on one great character ; that of Lady Macbeth is fully as important in the course of tho action. It will bo suffioiont to say of Misa Dolly Green that her reading was intelligent and easy. It could assume to be nothing moro. Mr. Carden as Macduff gave some of his muai peculiarities, somo of which quite took with tho audience and gainod for him a call before the curtain, whilo Mr. Fairclough was allowed to paas unnoticed. A man " albeit unused to tho melting mood." yet when he does very naturally give way, is not likely to weep ono minute and burst into a furious rago tho next. His grief, which was very correctly subdued at first, should have continued BO. whilst passion could have gradually risen till it at tained its height at tho climax. In the other portion of the play Mr. Carden was correct in his reading and soldierly in bearing. Mr. Welsh had doublo duty as Hecate and Mosso. In tho latter he was oxoooding^Iy caroful, and in rendering tho talo of Macbeth's cruelties displayed a tone of touohing sympathy. As Hecate (why thu character should be represented ns a mani* not easy to bo determined, since this is opposed to tho text), Mr. Welsh's vocal powers woro used, I presumo, as a uecoasity that could not bo obviated. Thora was some attempt at singing tho witches' music ns writton by Looko. but tho fair rondoring of tho choruses was quito outweighed by tho ineffective style of the solos. The apparitions from the caldron, too, might have been I more correct, whilst the stage accessories and scenery I were destitute of anything that could command any | attention. King Lear has also been produced this I week, but too late for notice. Mr. Fairclough's en gagement terminates on Friday next, and on Saturday a very old Sydney favourite, Mr. Joseph Rayner, makes his appearance after somo years' absence. If the frequency of repetition denotes tho popularity of a piece as well as its successful performance, then is the " Flying Scud" at the Queen's Theatre as popular as ever and as ably represented. It has been played every evening since my last notice with continued sucoess, and the manager has made this the'groat card of his present season. Old Gosling (Mr. Gill) caused quite a thrill of excitoment right through the home when he threw down his hat and coat and vowed he would ride Flying Scud himself, when he found the jookey told off to ride bim had been hooussed. Mr. Wolfe, as Tom Meredith, exhibited a great mannerism: this faul the should study tofavoid. Mr. Deering, as Mo, Davis, is shrewd ; he has the metal in him which only requires use to arrive at & polish. Mr. H. A. Douglas made another good " leg" of tho "quadruped " in tho charaoter of Capt. Grindley Goodge, the two hind legB, were " screwed." Mr. Martin was as UBual very careful in his role of Bob Bloater, and Lord Woodbie in tho hands of Mr. Tolano played tho fool to tho letter. The ladies do not lead in this play, consequently they aro not plaoed in my notice. Mr. Wilson has been busy at Bom o excellent scenery The Derby Day is admirably painted. It is lively and full of spirit-looking at it through a glass, the orowds seem to be moving,- and the general stage arrangements showed that the management is|dosir ous of doing all in ts power to make the theatre attrnc I tivo. BIRON. 