THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MOliNING, SEPT. 10, WS.\ THE publication of the Agricultural Statistics of South Australia fully bears out all that wo said yesterday as to the folly of those who look despondingly on our agricultural prospects, and tho worse than error of those who aro inclined to sit down in despair under the conviction that the agi ¡cultural wealth has been extracted from the soil of Tasmania, leaving that soil exhausted, and rendering fruitless any effort to refructify it. But, that the assertion may be any day heard made with a seriousness that admits of no question as to tho speaker's conviction, it 'might appear incredible- that, despite common sonso and tho most circumscribod observation, men should bo so ignorant as to believo that the soil is hopelossly oxhaustod. Even that M Inch has been abandoned by the farmor as not longer worth .cultivation grows weeds apace, and may bo seen in many places supporting a fine crop of wattle, or native trees and shrubs. Keep these down, carefully till the ground, and proporly manure it ; and tho soil that now only produces weeds and an undergrowth of shrubs or timber, will yield a bountiful crop of root crops, followed by wheat, barley, or oats, or other cereals and grasses. In saying this, and whilo we treat with ridiculo the hasty conclusions of those who speak with regret of the past of Tasmania, and doplore its rich soils " departed never to return," wo accept the challenge of the grumblers, and meet with thom on a higher platform, denying that there is anything to justify the random conclusion to which thoy have come, that that portion of the soil of this Colony that has been some years in cultivation is exhausted to any- thing Uko the degree represented, or roquires extreme and expensive means to make it fruitful. Tasmania, long tho acknowledged garden of Australia, has been assumed to have been deprived of its proud distinction ; and South Australia is represented as bearing tho palm. Wo desire to give all honour to South Australia. Wo admit that though fifteen years ago the area of land under cultivation in tho two Colonies was about equal in ox tout, it has been more than quadrupled in South Australia, while in Tasmania the increase has boon barely half as much moro than it was ; in other words, Tasmania has increased its cultivated land by about a hundred thousand acres, South Australia by about a million. Yet this has not been because the land of South Australia was more fruitful yielding the husbandman nn abundant return, whilo tho oxhaustod soil of Tasmania barely returned the seed to tho sower. On the con- trary, it is a fact that during tho past fifteen years, the li ¡ghost average returns of wheat in South Australia, where that grain is principally grown, have only twice exceeded the lowest average in Tasmania during tho same period. Tn Tasmania tho lowest average has been 13'9G bushels in 18G4, and the noxt lowest 13'98 in 18(>7. Thoso retnrns have boon only twice oxcoodod in South Australia, where, in 1803, tho average was 14 bushels, and in 18GG, 14j bushels. This statement may seem so surprising that wo have thought it nocossarv to support it by tho authority of tho statistical returns of the two Colonies einbodiod in the following tables. That for South Australia tho Government Statist there, Mr. BOOTHBY, has supplied us, having embodied it in his return, j That for Tasmania we have had to compile | by an examination of each year's returns, and for the most part to calculate tho average for ourselves, the statistics of Tasmania for 1868-9 having for the first time given the average returns. The tabular statements, whioh we subjoin, will well repay perusal, and deserve serious consideration. Season. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Acre. Acres under Avcïï£ *" Cultivated. Wheat. mi lh 1858-0 . 264,462. 188,703 11 1 1859-00 ., 3(11,884 818,210 0 3 1800-1 .. ,J ..' 428,818 273,072 13 1801-2 . 486,007 310,030 10 t 1802-3 . 494,611 320,100 12 0 1803-4 ..' .. 655,903 335,768 14 0 1804-5 . 687,776t. 390,830 11 0 180S0 . 800,609'" 410,003 8 44 1800 7 . 739,714 457,028 14 20 1807-8 . 810,734 550,450 4 40 1808 ft .. .. 808,234 633,035 9 42 _ 1809 70 .. A 850,570 632,135 S 45 ' ' 13701 . 059,000 004,701 11 30 1871-2 . 1,044,050 092.50S 6 44 1872-3 . 1,104,840 759,811 11 30 ¡ i. i . ; ... TASMANIA. (f . ? , ' 1858 S _ ... 229,489 50,403 18-43 1859-60. ' 208,019 ; 00,314 17 00 1800-1 . 218,315 00,450 2131 1801-2 .. .. 247,884 68,823 23-47 1802 3 . 253,050 00,820 10 68 . 1803-4 -_K, ... 207,178 ..- 64,028 17"04 1804-5 '... " ... ' 250,836 00,180 13-90 j 1805-0 . 250,380 73,270 17-SS , 1800-7 . 270,022 71,348 21-42 ¡ 1807-S . 281,383 01,020 13 03 j 18089 >... .'.... 287,319 '02,180 14-13 1 1809-70. 308,484 02,370 15 35 i 1870-1 .. .. 330,257 63,882 15-92 1871-2 . 340,451 03,332 14 09 . 1872 3 . 331,443 02,390 ' 17 03 We have already called attention to the high average yield in Tasmania, compared with South Australia. On the fifteen years it has been 10*07 in South Australia, against 17'33 with us in Tusmania. A glance at the above figures must show that the Tasmanian farmer has other sources of encouragement. Farming is pro- verbially an uncertain pursuit. So much depends on wind and weather ; but here the agricul- turist can calculate on a perfect certainty compared with his brother of South Australia, There may be something in the second table to explain the delusion that the fertility of the soil of Tasmania is a thing of the past. Upwards of ten years ago the averages were higher than,with one or two exceptions, they have since been. But if the falling off has been rather marked, the explanation is in the persistent cropping of land without manuring it. Yet if we take South Australia, looked to as the chief grain-producing Australian Colony, our yield is satisfactory, and not only so, it shows a wonderful uniformity. For five years prior to the last crop the variation had notoxceededacouploof bushels per acre. Turning to South Australia we find repeatedly a falling off of one- half between two years ; all the moro disastrous that in South Australia the farmers trust almost solely to wheat, two-thirds of the cul- tivated land being on an average under that crop. Here the farmers trust more to a diversity of crops, the proportion under wheat varying from a fifth to a sixth, a circumstance that may be accepted as conclusive evidence that other crops grown in Tasmania pay as well as wheat. In the face of such facts, it is little to the credit of Tasmanian farmers, or Tasmania as a Colony, that cultivation has made so little progress. In 18G9-70 there were under cultivation 308,484 acres, against 387.319 the preceding year, an increase which the statistics fail to -explain. Since then our course has been a retrograde one. Within four years the cultivated land of Tas- mania has decreased by 37,000 acres. Within the samo period it has been increased in South Aus- tralia by 314,000 aores, or, in othor words, the increase in South Australia has been within four years equal to the wholo cultivated land in Tasmania. Will any Tasmanian agriculturist toll us why this is so ? Wo havo shown that it is not because tho South Australian obtains a larger yield, or can calculate on more regularity in the produce of his fields. In both respects the advantage is with 'I'uainania. Our statistics show no such brief transition from woalth to poverty as a falling off between two consecutivo years from 14.1, to 4Jj bushels per acre. Besides this, South Australia, if a matter of choice acts very foolishly ; if a matter of necessity, is to be in sonio respects commiserated with, on having to trust its agricultural wealth on any one crop, however profitable and easy of access tho market ; and the Tasmanian farmer should take encour- agement from the fact that while he can calculate on a far larger return than is probable in South Australia from the growth of wheat, and can grow that crop to any extent he chooses, subject to proper tillage and manuring, he can protect himself against the plagues of the wheat crop, by other coreáis for his farm expenses. In tho phrase, well known in the agricultural world, he does not require to carry all his eggs to market in one basket. While smut and rust play sod havoc with his wheat, his barley and oats proudly rear their heads, and secure him a golden harvest. These crops are liable to attacks peculiar to them- selves; but it is seldom that any one season proves equally unfavourable to all species of grain crop3. The very circumstance that makes one ceroul a failure, is favourable to another. In such circumstances, the farmer that knows and prácticos his vocation, can havo no reason to say that farming in Tasmania is a forlorn hope. TllR question of mail service to England seems to have resolved itself into one of surprises, and altogether the exhibition is not very creditable to Colonial Ministries. The overbearing action of the Government of Victoria in making it a sine qua non to their concurrence in any mail contract that Melbourne should be the termiuus,has led to results that were not then calculated on. Now South Wales showed a spirit and pluck that rather took high-handed Victoria1 by surprise. At first it appoarod as if New South Wales had miscalculated its strength, and had trusted to a broken reed in expecting co-operation from New Zealand. On this Viotoria was induced to jeer and look down on,Now South Wales, and apparently not altogether without some excuse for its triumphant tono. Mr. Samuel, the Posttnostor . Genoral of Now South Wales, went to New Zoaland in the hope of inducing the Govornmout of that Colony to join the formor in a mail service via San Francisco. Mr. Samuol had little oauso to congratulate himself on his success. Ho "played a fair game, but Mr. Vogel, the Premier of .Now Zealand, was not to be caught. Mr. Vogel went further, and while expressing himself with groat courtesy towards "Mr. Samuel^ was guilty of what might well bo considered an act of gross discourtesy. In his correspondence with Mr. Samuel it was insinuated that that gentleman had attempted to over-reach New Zealand, and the correspondence was irregularly, and somewhat ostentatiously published, and was held to convey a reflection ou Mr. Samuel, who,«howover, seems to have treated Mr. Vogel'« homilies with little deference. Mr. Samuel next appears in Mel- bourne carrying with him the news of his own] defeat, and was there patrouisingly sympathised with. If he expectod to turn his visit to Melbourne to account he was mistaken. Ho, however, pro- ceeded to London, What helios done there wo do i not know so well as we do that Mr. Parkes, the Pre- mier of Now South Wales, has entered into a contract for tho conveyance of mails betwoen England and Syduey via San Francisco at a Bpeed that would very materially reduce the present period reqiired for mail communication, and it was meier stood that New South Wales had untfertakoi this responsibility solely on its own account. Afean while Viotoria had taken up thf game witl New South Wales where Mr. Samuo'laid it down ; and it was only tho othor day th* the Qovernaent of Tasmania, in receiving pro-osals for the conveyance of our mails, via Suez, hu«-' it explained to tliem that the delay in comumuio''"ig with Tasmania had boon in consequeuco of tw S10^ length of time required to correspond wiu Now Zealand, that was repre- sented as havi» completely shaken off New South Wa>«B)s1ndtl")wn in itslot with Victoria, which in its turn would probably reciprocate with New Zealand in establishing a mail service between that Colony and San Francisco, thus promising us another to the already arranged-for routes. What little game New Zealand has been playing we know not, nor what effect it may have in reducing or increasing the cost to Victoria ; but if we may judge by a telegram published in another column, New Zealand has returned to its first love, and has agreed to divide with New South Wales the expense of the New South Wales Californian Mail Service. MADAME ARABELLA GODDARD.-It will be seen from our Melbourne telegram that, true to the charac- ter' of her sex and the peculiar fickleness of the lady herself, Madame Arabella Goddard is not, after all, to visit Tasmania, having loft Melbourne for Adelaide. At same time she had, prior to her announced intention to come hore, an excuse in the difficulty in obtaining the required guarantee. Had that been got, she hod been here ; and those who desired to see her, but were too indifferent or too cautious to commit themselves, will now perhaps regret that they have been the means of denying themselves and others a pleasure CRICKET ASSOCIATION.-The Association Com- mittee met last evening. The correspondence was submitted in reference to a proposed visit to Tas- mania of the English team of cricketers, to arrive in Melbourne in December next. After a prolonged discussion, the Committee instructed the secretary to again write, intimating that the sum required (£050) as a bonus for one match at Launceston and one at Hobart Town was so high that the Associa- tion Committee, with the approval of tho Committee of the Launceston Club, were constrained from undertaking the responsibility, however desirable a visit from the English cricketers might be. A com milnication was read from the Hon. W. Moore, Minister of Lands and Works, in reply to a letter from the Association renewing the application made last season for the ground on the western side of the magazine in the Domain being set apart for cricketing purposes. It was resolved to acknow- ledge the courtesy of the Government, that, in assenting to the application, stated how far the Association would be co-operated with, It cannot fail to be a source of satisfaction to supporters of cricket to know that in due time the locality in question, so admirably adapted for a cricket ground, will supply a long- felt want, besides effecting other improvements which will necessarily follow in that portion of the Domain. ROYAL SOCIETY or TASMANIA. - The usual monthly meeting of this Society was held last evening, M. Allport, Esq., in the chair. Dr. J. Agardh, of Lund, S we len, was elected as a corres- ponding member, and J. J. Clarke, Esq., of Hobart Town, as a Fellow of the Society. The monthly returns of the number of visitors to the museum and gardens, books and periodicals received, pre-, seutatiohs tri museum, etc., were brought uhder' notice ; also meteorological tables from Hobart Town, Swansea, Port Arthur, Westbury.the various Lighthouses, eto. The Secretary, Dr. Agnew, read a valuable communication on Tasmanian Botany, from the pen of Baren von Mueller, and Mr. F. Abbott contributed a paper on " ancient symbol- isms, naked-eye observations, and modern astro- nomy." The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the authors of tee papers, and the donors of presentations. MISSIONARY MEETIYO.-A tea and public meeting in connection with the United Methodist Free Churches' Home and Foreign MissionB was held'at the Ebenezer Church school- room, Murray-street, last evening, The attendance was only mqderate After toa, a publie meeting was held, at whioh Mr, T. J. Crouch presided, Tho report of the Hobart Town Auxiliary, read by the secretary, tho Eev. J, M. Bayley, detailed the pvogress of tho work of the mission in England and Wales, Jamaica, West and East Aft ica, China, New Zealand, and Australia, the result of the last year's labours being of a satis- factory character. In Hobart Town, the report stated that during the last few months the congrega- tion had increased, and there had been an augmenta- tion of the number of children attending the Sabbath school. Several addresses were then delivered, and amongst those who woie present and took patt in the mooting were the Revs. W. C. Eobinson, J. Stone, T. E. 0. Mell. andK. A. McLean.andMessrs. Withrington and Witt. The meeting closed in the usual manner. RICHMOND OoHOREGATiqNAL CHURCH,-Tho cprp roony of laving the memorial jitana of the Congre- gational Ohuroh at Richmond, which has been postponed from last week on account of the inclement weather, is to take place to-day. Intending visitors will find a conveyance starting from the Black Prinoe Inn, Elizabeth- street, at half-past nine o'olook this monning. The hon, P. O. Fysh, Colonial Treasurer, will lay tlio slqno, and the 'dinner is to be at two o'clock. PETTY LARCENIES AT THE PUBLIC LIBRARY. Some visitors to the Public Library have lately been grossly misusing the privilege they enjoy in being enabled to spend a few spare hours in that interesting institution, by abstracting books, &c;, from the library shelves. Occasionally they are taken for a few days only, in other cases they are never seen again. Only recently a telescope was taken from the window-sill in the library-room, and yesterday morning a copy of The Poor Artist, by R. H. Horne, was found missing. It is much to be regretted that these frequent abstrac- tions take place, and whoever the culprits are, they may be certain that if they are traced they will be made an example of, as a warning to others who may be inclined or tempted to pilfer in like manner. THE GLENORCHY TRESPASSCASE.-Tho application for a rale nini for a new trial of the action Officer and Another v. Hallam and Anollier, in which defendants were mulcted in £110 damages for tres- pass at the lost sitting of the Court, came again before their Honqrsthe Supreme Court judges yes- terday, when, as will be soo» fpqm our report, the rule was refused. A DIVORCE SUIT.-In tho Supreme Court yester- day the suit Warner v. Warner, in which the wifo sought for a divorce from her husband-a con- fectioner in Elizabeth-street-on the grounds of cruelty and adultery, was heard, and a decree nisi giaatod, to be returnable on the first day " of January term, 1874. The Attorney-General, (in- structed by Mr. H. Dobson) appeared for the pítitioner. The case of Pointon v. Pointon and Fitzgerald, (also a suit for a divorce) was, on the application of Mr. Moriarty, arranged to come on tie seeond day of next term. THE OATLANDS ASSÍULT CASE.-In chambers on Monday tho case of Heathcote v. Barioick and Am: cuno before His Honor the Acting Chief Justice, on aa application for costs. His Honor said the caso presented UQ features of sucfi an exceptional char actor as would warrant'him in granting a certificate br cosfJj, and he therefore declined to do so. JAMES' ESTATE.-The suits Janies and "ors, v. Page, and Page v. James and çrs" wero yesterday brought before the full Court, and, on the motions respectively of the Attorney-General and Solicitor general, were dismissed withomVcosts. Mr, Samuel Page was released from being a trustee, and having liad his accounts audited and passed, Mr. Joseph Moir was appointed in his stead, and with Messrs. James G(sy, M.H.A., and Alderman Rheuben, are now the Trustees under-Mr. John James' will. THE BOY HOLBROOK'S CASE -The ohargo against the sweep Holbrook for assaulting his son, was finally disposed of at the Police Court yesterday. From the evidence of Dr Butler, one of the honor- ary medical ofticors of the General Hospital, in whoso charge tho boy had been since tho 28th July last, it appeared that though the external injury to the boy's neck was slight, yet from the position |>f it, it was the more likely to induce tetanus, from vhioh the boy had suffered, and narrowly escaped bsiufi his life. The bondi said that as the deten lautnad already suffered som« imprisonment, and mist naturally havo endured a good doal of anxiety if mind at the jeopardy in which ho had placed Ins ion's life, they were in.a position to deal more leni- ently with the coso than they otherwise could' have done, but they considered that the worst feature in the matter was the defendant's prompting his daughter to toll a lio and give false evidence. They thought the justice of the case would bo mot ; by sentencing bim to one month's hard labour in the ¡ gaol. . BURGLARY AT CUKRIE'S HOTEL.-Two females, i .mothor and daughtor, were charged by Dotectivo Simpson, at the Police Couit yesterday,-the .latter named Louisa Young,-with burglariously breaking into Mr. Currie'» Hotel, Mun ay-street, Ion the night of tho 7th instant, and stealing 'and carrying away 30 lb. of corned pork, of the value of 25s The first-named prisoner, Eliza Ker- win, the mothor, was charged with receiving tho 'same, knowing it to bo stolen. They wore both remanded to the llthinst. for further evidence. AN ABSENT AITKEN LICK.-Alad named Georgo Howard, au apprentice at Mr. Kirby's tannery, Macquarie-streot, pleaded guilty yesterday to absenting himself from his master's employment. ,Tho Bench dealt leniently with him, it being his first offence before the Court. It nppeared, how over, from his master's evidence, that ho was one of those troublesome lads that employers aro often saddled with ; and tho Bench in lotting bira off .' with a fine of 10s. (id. and costs, cautioned bim on j 'his evil ways, which if continued iii would bring I bim into serious difficulty. THE SEAMAN DIFFICULTY.-Anothor defaulting seaman was brought up at the Polico Court yester 'day, a man named Georgo Warner, who had Bhipped in the whaling barque Emily Downing, and uogloctcd, with livo others, to join her when ho should havo dono so. The vessel was detained here three days, consequent on the want of hands. Warner, after a lectuio from the Bondi, was sentenced to eight weeks' hard labour. SENT TO THE BOYS' HOME.-A poor miserable little fellow named Henry Hartwell, aged 11 years, tile son of a widow with seven other children, was, on the application of Mr. Edwards, one of the officers for administering the Charitable Relief Fund, admitted to the Boys' Home for tbreo years. Tlio mother stated that since tho father's death she liad not been ablo to control this boy, and he was constantly on the streets. Mr. Tarleton, in making the order, said the boy qught to consider himself a lucky one to get into a good home, and if he conducted himsplf properly, be would be very comfortable, ' . __"_mmm^.^_^_^^?»^?»^ggg: TMEATBE ROYAL.-Zosi in London, from the pen of Mr. Watts Phillips, was repeated last night to a capital house, the pit and gallery being crowded to overflowing, while the dress circle was well patro nisedvby some of the leading families of the city. The drama was, played, if possible, with greater success than on tho previous evening, each artist, lady and gentleman, being quite at home hi tho I various characters which were allotted to them. , We might mention Beveral passages in which some ' sterling histrionic skill was exhibited, but the whole I was so good that selection would he almost invidious. Lost in London has undoubtedly taken a hold of tho theatre-going people of Hobart Town, as it has dono elsewhere, and we have no doubt that it will con- tinue to draw crowded audiences foi-nights to come. The farce, Tlie Doubk-Bedded Mooni went off with no less success. The house was kept in one continuous roar of laughter throughout its rendering, and everybody seemed to enjoy it. The same programme will be repeated to- night. THE A. A. DEGREE EXAMINATION.-The general examination began yesterday in rooms attached to the Macquaric-strcet Coiirt-houso, under the super- vision of Mr. Irving. The candidates/both male and female, confined themselves to chemistry and music in the morning, and Greek and German in the afternoon. Candidates are to be in attendance this morning at S'55 a.m. , FIRST MARRIAGE AT THE MEMORIAL CHDRCU. Yesterday morning was the occasion of the first marriage ceremony being performed at the above church, and as the happy couple who were led to the altar were Mr. David Barclay and Miss Salier, both descendants of well known and respected townsmen, the event was witnessed by a crowded congregation. The ceremony was performed by the pastor, the Eev. W. C Robinson, assisted by the Rev. Geo. Clarke, the former of whom, on behalf of the church, presented the bride with a beautiful family bible. The platform in front of the altar was very tastefully decorated with vases of flowers, indicative of the summer of happiness which those who had supplied them desired for the happy pair. At the close of the ceremony Mendelsohn's Wedding march was played on the harmonium by Miss Green. ' THE SUDDEN DEATH IN CAMPBELL-STREET.-An inquest was held yesterday, at the Bird-in-Hand Hotel, Argyle-Btreet, before Mr. Tarleton and a jury of seven, on the body of the woman Isabella liadley, who dropped down dead in Campbell- street on Saturday last. The evidence disclosed no addi- tional facts beyond thoso already published, and the jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony, that death resulted from natural causes. , . DEATH AT THE WATCH-HOUSE.- An inquest will be held at li a.m. to-day at Mr. Allen's Hotel, Campbell-street, on the infant who died in the colls at the watch-house on Sunday night. ALLEGED ASSAULT.-A woman named Mary Ann Ellis was conveyed to the Hospital yesterday by the police from her residence in Argylc-strcet. She stated that she had been assaulted by a man with whom, it is said, she has been for soma time past living. She was admitted into the Hospital, but Dr. Turnley was unable to find any serious injuries. CAMELLIA.-It is only within a few years that the taste of Europeans led them to take an interest in variegated flowers-and to admire those ' curious freaks of nature. Tho Japanese have been cultiva- ting the tasto of a thousand years, and the result is that they have in cultivation in a variegated state all the ornamental plants of the country, and many of them arc strikingly handsome. Hedges of the single Camellia, white and red, aro in full blossom for many' months in the year. Camollias forming goodly sizqd trees, ara common in tho woods in tho spring, lu whioh season Japan is pre-eminently beautiful in flowers. The above is extracted from Fortune's Japan, and when it is stated that it lies between 30° and 48° of N. latitude j or corres- ponding to Moreton Bay in Queensland, and Hobart Town of S. latitude, it will be seen how very much the latitude of "Hobart Town is in favour of the growth of that beautiful ball-room flower. We lately mentioned, and tlieso are still to be seen, at the, extensive market and flower garden of Messrs., Osborne & Sons', near the Saudy Bay Toll Gate, at this moment beds of Camellias, of red, white, and pink colours-double, single, and variegated-all grown in the open air, and ap- parently none the worse for the cold of tl\o snow 1 capped mountain which looks dqwat on the valley. Indeed the prqnrietci' says that they do not thrive sq wpU expqW to the hot sun of summer. In his garden they have attained the stature of large shrubby trees, and aro highly ornamental. ' HAVE YOU GOT THAT SHILLING ?-This question goes the rounds of the city just now, and it arose in this way, so says a correspondent :-Last Sunday afternoon being ty pleasant one, tl|o city was all alive with wanderers to aqd fro. ; and amongst others whom Old Sol liad drawn out of the shades into the sunshine was miue hosfcof the-hotel. There ho stood as laroo as life at Salier'» corner ; and, were it not that lie hod rammed his hands and his elbows into the pockets of his pants, well-he might have been-"A model for a statuary." The pose and.nnnder.inco of his figure attracted the attention ot A, who happened to be strolling along with his friend B towards the Domain. " Is it not strange," said one to tho other, " that not only Boniface, lint every man or¡d boy-^-look up this streut or down that-has his handB in his pocket?'1 So it was. And even the very cabmen rushed np with their " Cab, sir, cab? " with lists rammed down into the canvas. "By the bye, Mr. Boniface," said A as ho blandly addressed our hero in the calico, " Will you do mo a favour ? " " Certainly, oh cortainly, Mr. A, anything but accept a bill, for I couldn't do that to-day,' you know, because it's Sunday." " It is not that, my friend, I need ; but, as you appear to bestow a good deal of attention on the passers-by, will you bo good enough to give' this bran noVy shilling, with Queen Victoria's hon,d on it tqtljc first British subjeot, man «r. bay, wljqm you catch with his hands OHt-^mind, oui-^of his pockets ? " Boni- face saw it in a moment, for ho jerked his fists from their resting place as if he'd been bitten hy a black snako, with a "hang it, sir, you're right j my mother used to slap my ears for it CO years ago, and at last sho sewed my pookets up." To, he brief, our friend kept a careful watch till sunset, but neither on that day nor since has any citizen been seen who deserves to claim the waiting shilling. BELLERIVE SOCIAL INSTITUTE.-The Rov. James Scott will deliver a leeturoto-morrow(Thursday)ove ningntthe Bellerive Social Instituto, on "Abraham Lincoln." Musical illustrations and readings bearing on' tho American War, and descriptivo of some of tho prominent events of the "Great President," will be rendered by members of the Now Town Association. The steamer Euterprise will start from O'May's Wharf at a quarter to sovon o'clock. MELTON MOWBRAY HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE. Wo remind intending competitors, and those in- terested, that to-day, the 10th September, is the last day for receiving nominations for the Melton Mow- bray Handicap Steeplechase. Weights will be declared on the 24th iust., and acceptances must bo sent in by the 24th October. MASONIC.-The members of the Tasmanian Union Lodge, No. 530, E.C., meot for the despatch of business this, day, Wednesday, the 10th inst.,at 7 p.m, sharp, at the Freemasons' Hall, Collins-street, Visitiug brethren are invited. ' HEIRS WANTED.-The heirs or children of James Dykes, sometime candle-maker in Leith, Scotland, who emigrated to Hobart Town with his wifo, Helon Monson, of Aberdeen, about tho year 1830, aro 'advertised for. Application to be made to Messrs. Smith and Cochrane, Advocates, 152, Union-street, Aberdeen, Scotland. HOBART TOWN AND LAUNCESTON INSURANCE COMPANY.-The annual general meeting of tho shareholders of this company will be held at the offices, Stone Buildings, Macquario-streot, on Wed- nesday, the 24th inst., at 12 o'clock. BuitNED TO DEATH.-Intelligence has reached the Cornwall Chronicle that aman named John Taylor, a small farmer residing at Thumpup, in the West- bury district, was burned to death on Thursday night. Tho particulars so far aro not definite, but it is said that tho man, who slept in a different apartment from his wife, was iii the habit of smoking in bed, that tho bed clothing caught fire, and before assistance could be rendered his injuries were such that he expired shortly afterwards. AN old Scotch lady was told that her minister used notes ; she disbelieved it. Said one, " Go into the gallery and seo." Sho did so, and saw the written sermon. After the luckless proaoher had conoluded his readings on the last pago, ho Bnid, " But I will not enlarge."-The old woman called out from hor lofty position : " Yo canna, yo canna, for your paper's give not !" MARAVILLA COCOA.-TAYLOR BuoTnERs(tho largest Minufacturers of Cocoa in Europo), having the ex- clusive supply of this unrivallod Coooa, iuvite com- parison with any other Cocoa for Purity-fine Aroma -Sanativo, Nutritivo and Sustaining Power Easiness of Digostion-and especially, high delicious flavour. Ono trial will establish it as a favourite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing Refreshment aftor a late ovening. N.B. Caution. " MARAVILLA " is a registered Trado Murk, MARAVILLA COCOA.-The Cloie say«, "TAILO». BuoTHEits' Maravilla Cocoa has uohiovod a thorough iucce.s, and supersedes every other Cocoa in the .market. Entiro Bolubility, a dolioate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elomonts of nutrition, distinguish tho Maravilla Cocoa above nil others. Foi I Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recommend a { more ugrooablo or valuable beveruga." For further ! favourable opinions vide Standard, Morning Toil, British Medical Journal, i$o., $c, I HOMCSOPATHIC COCOA.-This original preparation, whioh has attained Buoh a world-wide reputation, is | manufactured by TAYLOR BIIOTIIKHS, under tho ablöst I homoeopathic advico, aided by tho skill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine in an eminent degree tho purity, fine aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh nut. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATS, made in one minute, without boiling. The above artioles are prepared exclusively by TAYLOR UBOTHBHS, the largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tin-lined paokets only, by Store- keepers and other« all ovor the world. Steam Mills, Brick Lan», London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges. bú»im. ; J W,7Ï 