STRAY THOUGHTS. [Communicated.] The nearor the openiftg of the political cam paign approaches, the more I am surprised at so few of our aspirants for parliamentary honors oomiug forward. Some adventurous few havo announced their intentions, which with but fow exceptions havo brought 'another Richard in the field.' Now if all oontests were to be oar Messrs. Dickson and Kingsfoid it 'would tohu materially towards tho establishment of n Quaker's tabernacle. Mr. D. says he doosu't wish to oppose Mrs K., only the opinions he expresses on things generally are ndt in accord ance with his own, and it, is only on ptfb'lio grounds that ho contests with so amiiiblo a gentleman. Mr. K., at his next meeting, re ciprocates the compliuiont, and acknowledges the courtesy with which his political foe, but private friend, has pursued bis electioneering course, and of course deeply regrets tho neces-' sity ho fools to bo incumbent on himeolf to oppose so estimable a man, ' merely on public grounds/' Shades of the political contests' between the Matanswill Odzetlt land ilsMugglo tonian adversary, the vovy ghosts of Potts nnd Slum would rise in wrath to' see the— to them— legitimate opportunity ? of revelling in viluperutives and occasional personal defiance. Slum, your occupation is gone. Potts, you'vo gone with your prin ciples to your partial namesake, pot. Blue is the color of tho unsuccessful now-a-duys, and buff is .not .allowed. As Mr. Dicey Morris would say, ' Vat 'avo I done' that I cannot get a member for North Brisbane, that's a shame ; for although tho once powerful electorate has been shorn of its fair proportions, its worth representing, besides being so handy to tho scat of Government. Mr. Pring has done his devoirs to tho Caornarvonites, and although ho was deservedly well received, I havo heard thore is a dark horse in stublo that means to run for that plato ; if I bo right it's ni shame, arid cer tainly not creditable to the electors. Mr. Pring could do them good sorvico if elected, and they are, in my opinion, somewhat mistaken in think ing their action is likely to preclude him from taking a seat in the new ?parliament. South Brisbane is virtually booked for Mr. X. B. Stephens, although I know that a few discon tented spirits havo cast about for an eligible candidato, without avail at present/although tlio date, of the election being fixed for the 28lh of next month, gives several opportunities of a trial of luck in other places, and a probable rush upon the largest electorate at tho finish. I see that the recess has enabled Mr. Forretttorub up his German, and in his reply to an address from the German electors of West Mor'olnn, asking him to allow himself to be nominated for the electorate, ho docs so eloquenllv iii thoir native tongue, for the most part; concluding with a little bit of Ethiopian, ' odor politics.' I was vory glad to see that Mr. Hall took the prize for a very sensible and comprehensive de sign for tho wharfngo at Petrie's Bight, and run a closo chance of getting a second prize, only tho commission thought that tho second was founded on the first. Now I happen to know something about these matters, and havo no doubt in my own mind that the so-called second plan was designed first, and tho first prize gained by the second design as un improvement on the first. Congratulating Mr. Hall upon getting tho highest premium, I condolo with him for not getting tho second. After all I sup pose it won't much matter, for with former ex perience 'in view, the chances arn that some more eligible sito may bo discovered, inoro plans and specifications called for, and tho matter remain in stalu quo so far as execution goes. It's rather too good a plum to be manipulated as occasion requires to bo dropped all at once, and I expect my hair to be grey before tlio tunnel between Potrie's Bight and tho ' -Hallway Station is completed' in connection with those wharves. - I notice you have raised the iro of the Scotty little editor of . tho Queenslander, for having given credit to tlio Queensland Times for an extract emanating from his journal, and you were dignified by a sub-leader on the subject in laBt Saturday's issue. I must uonless I am at a loss to infer whether ho rnoaiiB to cast a bliimo upon vou for being ashamed of it, as coming from tlio Qtteenslunder, or nnnoyod at the Queensland Times for non-acknowledgment ; if the latter, it has boon condoned by apology, although without tho usual accompaniment of ' won't do so any more.' Anent tho snb leuder referred to, I fiud the following brilliant piece of composition: — 'In answer to a charge of appropriating matter from our. columns, a, Brisbane contemporary says, 'We never read the Qiteenslander.' Thero are k\i like him in the country (who?) 'no one will bo surprised at the lackadaisical appearance of tlio production.' (Which ? surely not the article appropriated, eh? because if so, I agree with the wind-up: — . ' It is on a level with the manwho pullod an old hat over his head- that he might neither eoo nor hear the rushing waters of Niagara.' Simply becauso I cannot for tho life of mo see the application, although I would not for any thing interfere with any of his (Ed. Q.) former reminiscences. ........ I was iudeed glad that you thought it neces sary to comment upon the composition of a largo number of our recently arrived; immi grants ; and although I go : with you to the fullest extent, that the female element you com plain of. should bo totally excluded from the benefits atluched to our immigration system, and for which we havo to pay, I should like to call attention to the faot of decent wellbrought up cirls being herded with those, who, if they could not contaminate, at any. rate;' made: .'-their lives a misery, with .shame and. degradation staring them in tho faeo at every moment. Ab an early : man; and accustomed for many years to take a contemplative ramble before six o'clock in the morning I oftennieet two or moro (for thoy run in couplesj.well dressed young girls, bearing evidence of an ' all night out, wending their way wearily;' to a not very, respectablo quarter of the town. ; The male1; importation .doesi'not ,aB a -riilo' impress mo favorably, but I cannot but say thero. are many who uro respectable; some marriod. with families, who have all the makings' of good colonists about thorn ; but that there aro others whoconsider that an enlarged capacity for beer and an inventivo ; faculty for profame oaths, nre the, natural requisites in this colony to assimilate with the inhabitants cannot bo denied. Thank, goodness wo are above rowdyism, nnd they who tliink to practice upon the old roBidonts of the colony, had better either turn to work or shift, for their room is better and far more profitable than thoir company. I ., remember on the last, occasion, when tho Indus arrived, I' found it' necessary'to mako similar romorks, mid am glad to say that I havo rocognieed some fow weeks ago, men who have1 pulled off the''' rowdy and put on tho rospeotablo — vory much to' theirl profit. '. . '. -,'?-?:'?!':;'?':. :-,- .??::;: , Captain Coath is a free man, notwith standing tho mild observation of 'the Judge who tried him, ' That ho might consider himself fortunate not having boon indicted; for.i another offence.' Tho Honorable tlio Atlornoy-Gonoral; was his accuser in tho name- of the Queen/arid' from what I can gather, ho waB also, his- libora- : tor ; but it eeeins 'father ' a'ri' anomaly that the' officer who prosecuted should be the- man' who liberated, without reference toj.tho.. judge; who 'sentenced. .Your, contemporary,, t,ho Mary- i ? borough Chrotficle, is , rathpr jubilant ? over the , : matter, , and . . makes ' .the ' following, f' peculiar remarks on the subject;,, whiqli^nre, certainly! 'worthy of a preprint, as JBliowip'e'tlje .'.different'* aspect a cusd may .take from different points ; of , view s-t-' Although tlie,' iQiieeu '„ and )\ex, j representatives . in .. the; Law.'. ^burtB,p ore^ in! j theory 'suppoBed^m is gcnorally understood ttf imply an acknow ledgement that the prisoner' to whom;' it is j extended has boen wrongfully convioteflV We i state this, not because it needed a ' free pardon ' to provo that Coath is innocont of the chargo trumped up .against him, but because attempts are being made on the part of one of the Bris bane jonrn'tfls to' stigmatise tho- action of tho Government in this matter as an unwarrantable exorciso.of olemency.V So bo it,. Mr. Jfory- , borough 'Chronicle! it is ' a victory gained no , doubt ; but' I dpn't-envy the private feelings of those^y(ho.,weyq- inatrumontal in bringin-g it ab'6u't;;''- ?;*' ??? ;'rr~'. .?.-??:??? ??'. ?'? ? ' ' ' Thero whs rathbr a suggestive paragraph in the -.-', Courier's correspondent's, letter from Calliope, under, tin to of the 3rd inst., to (ho effect that — ' Tho Celestials uro making a hole on the Less-lhah.ever reef ;' they say its ' welly hnvd.' I was looking ut somo of tho stone, in which I savr come nico specks of gold. I remarked to ono (Si ths Chinamen, ' That's very good.' He says, ' Yum', Welly good you got him there, but no welly good you get him here,' pointing down the hole. They aro down 40 feet.' Suggestive in this wiso. Docs tho failuro of many a floated company arise from tho fact of its being ' welly good you got him there, but no welly good when you got him here ?' ; . Our amusemonts for tho weok havo been rather limited; although. in addition to the excellent company at the Viotoria Theatre, there has heoli a third popular concert under the direction of Mr. R. T. Jefferies, which went off to tho satisfaction of all present. Taking tho Victoria, first I am really sorry to hear that the expenses upon tho scenery neoossary to produce the pieces' properly, and the salaries of a flrst-r class company, havo combined to render the season a pecuniary fajluro. From what cause this proceeds I cannotimagino ; when the town is absolutely destitute of amusements, there is an outcry; everybody ready la go before tlio theatre opens, and nearly everybody systemati cally not ready when a good company arrives, and try their hardest to suit tho tastes of tho public. It may seem a very easy thing to open ? a theatre, but there is no ono but the lessee and the treasurer who can possibly bo awaro of the exponso al tending such u hazardous experiment ; good houses every night may not be paying ouoB ; but each Thespian votary presents him self or herself religiously at tho end of the weok for his lor her denarii — well earned by every membor of the Victorian company, us at present constituted, say I. Lottie, sistor, brothers, songstress, musicians, and last, but not least, Joe Small, havo left us personally. I'm sorry ; not that I would have wished them to stay here and gain u loss, but because I think it's a shaino that our aspects were not more favorable. Joe Small bus, during his stay here, instituted himself into uu institu tion, and although his profession may not involve another visit to Queensland as a visitor, even he will find many frieuds glad to give him un honest welcome. The IFiro Brigade has a claim upon the sym pathies of every citizen, and it comes very grace fully from the inanngement to dovote a night's performance towards the sick and accident fund. I shall be glad if, in my stray wanderings, I see a goodly gathering to-night. The men have I 1 ways done thoir duty practically when re quired ; they are well officered, and have an esprit de corps iuate, that will carry them through with credit to themselves and satisfac tion to tho citizens, who, by-the-bye, should support by thoir presence such a very meritori ous object. 