I POLLING-PLACES FOR AUBIGNY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. SIR-I crave space for the following in your columns Immediately after the proclamation of the polling places for the general election I addressed a letter to the following effect to the Hon. the Colonial Secretary - " Sir, I beg respectfully to call your attention to the necessity of altering the polling places as proclaimed for the electoral district of Aubigny At Clifton and Cambooya railway stations there are no electors, so that these two polling places can well be dispensed with, whereas the bulk of the electors are resident in the suburbs of Toowoomba, in which town a polling place is much required " In the district of Highfields three polling places were considered as necessary when it formed a portion of the Drayton and Toowoomba' electorate, whereas only one is now proclaimed As this district is thirty miles long, I would respectfully suggest that the three polling places be retained -I am, etc , "ED W PECHEY." Receiving no reply to this letter, I wrote on 29th ultimo to 6 B. King, Esq ; the returning officer for Aubigny, to a similar effect This gentleman, with his usual courtesy, promptly replied, to the following effect - Gowrie, September 30, 18/3 " Sir, In reply to your letter of yesterday's date, I have to state that the appointment of the different polling places is not in my province I would, however, recommend you to write to the Under Colonial Secretary on the subject in question. -I have, yet, to, " GEO B KING " To E W Pechey, Esq " Following Mr King's suggestion, I then wrote to the Under Colonial Secretary, but no reply has at present been vouchsafed With my experience of the manner that per- sonation has at previous elections been resorted to by the Ministerial party, both in West Moreton and the Western Downs in the out of the way polling places, I fear that in spite of the new fangled claims of thosystomofvot rs' rights there is something more than appears on the surface in the appointment of those polling places at Cambooya and Clifton, particularly when I remember their dangerous proximity to the dukedom of Eton Vale There are over 200 names on the roll for Aubigny of persons absent from the district, and I see nothing to prevent their rights being issued to Dick, Tom, and Harry, and their votes polled at Clifton or Cambooya, or any other us guarded polling place. What purpose are these polling places to serve P Clifton is only six miles from another polling place at Spring Creek, and Cambooya only some five miles from the polling place at j Greenmount, Emu Creek. Why is there no polling place in Toowoomba ? I believe if one were appointed fully one half of the Aubigny voters would avail themselves of it is the convenience of the majority of the voters consulted f I trow not Fully 100 voters from the northern boundary of Toowoomba must travel either eight miles to Drayton one way or the same distance the other way to the one poll ing place at Highfields, whilst a polling place is provided at Clifton and Cambooya for the ostensible convenience of the solitary one elector at each of those places rather than ask them to travel five and six miles respectively Also, one hundred electo) s are asked to travel twelve to fifteen miles from the northern portion of Highfields, and from Perseverance, to record their votes If this is the way the Ministry intend to conduct this election, better do us the Hon the Premier intimated he wished to do, when he said " We want administration not legislation " Why put people to the expense of an election when that election is a huge farce, a big recorded swindle-a voice asked for from the country, and that voice so drowned and smothered OR to make it a carefully prepared he Better appoint Palmer Dictator at once Is it not enough that the 921 electors of Aubigny should have only one voice in the House of Assembly, whilst a less number of electors in Seven squatting constituencies return seven members ? Is it not enough that this election, which is supposed to result in the true voice of the electors being expressed, should be held at a time of the year when one third of the electors are sure to be away from home? Is it not enough that those who are at home should be bothered with having to make journey after journey, declaration after declaration, and go through ordeal after ordeal in order to obtain their voice their light to vote ? Are not all those abuses sufficient without making bona-fide electors travel miles to vote, ' whilst polling places are appointed for ghosts? Better far better appoint Palmer Dictator. One tyrant will do no less harm than thirty Freed from his greedy followers, and unem- harrassed by this beautiful third party asking how many acres of dummies land he will bid for their support, Palmer may be merciful and moderate ho might perhaps be por fectly satisfied with the fee simple of Beaufort -Yours, etc, ED. W. PECHEY. Toowoomba, September 14. 