TALES AND SKETCHES- THE VIL'lagi; GHOST. • • V !l 1 I. Ri O. ( From Williamstown Chronicle. I was seated one morning in mv oSce'Vis a paYtial representative ol tbe Dopjr., Doolittle Department, Dull-strfefet,' when I experienced a most .peculiar pnd unpleasant sen- -siatfon.- 1. scarcely • know how t<> describe , it to you, but will try. Imagine'an egg in a basin, and in the basin with the egg one end of a •wliisk also-please to imagine at the other end ol the said whisk, a hand, with arm/ and body attached •; then be kipdjeoouj°bal8o to. imagine* the haud agitating the egg, with the as- i sistance of the whisk, and you will, 1 if you put your humble servant in the* place of the egg, arrive at something like my pefculiar sensation. In point of fact, I was gettiug what our| American cousins would term, rather a tall shaking. When I lound that it was not business that required my attention, I at once woke from my official sleeji and discovered that an ' old liiend from a " village" a Jew miles from Melbourne had come to pay me a visit. In the course ol conversation lie alluded to several matters of interest to the inhabitants of the village only, such as, elections for the 'Ouse, for the .local Borough Council, and the troubles of tbe reporters lor the press in the village, owing to the want of foresight in the. burgesses in allowing two gentlemen to be elected to represent them in the latter body both rejoicing in the name of Gorman, and having tbe same christian name also. lie also gave me to understand that tbe reporters .bad held, a meeting of the whole of tbe reporting staff, to consider how they should convey to the public generally, which of the gentlemen ol the name of Gorman had made .that brilliant speech last Monday in Johnston-street Town Hall, and they, after a " big drink, 9 ' came to the unanimous decision that they didn't know. During this portion of the conversation I had nearly dropped to sleep again, when a word uttered by my friend thoroughly ' rous-ed me. What was tbe word ? You may remember, or in case you do not 1 in ay as well again tell you. I am troubled with a large amount of ' morbid - curiosity, and the word uttered bad sufficient of the startling in it to rouse ail the curiosity there was in my nature. What was tbe word ? It seemed to me uttered in a fuuereal tone of voice, or was it that I fancied so. What was the word, so simple and so enthralling to me ?• It was a word of five letters, viz., GHOST. 'I started up from my chair, grappled'with my friend in true melodramatic mauner, and launched forth such a volley-ol questions, , such as, ^here is it' to" be seen 1 Have you, seen it ? Who has seen it ? What is it like ? and a host of others. My unwonted excitement so startled my old cbum that it was some time before he recovered—from the idea that 1 had gone mad—and found his voice sufficiently to tell me that it was "The Village Ghost." My mind wa6 soon made up. I took the train that evening for tbe village, lor tbe purpose of gaining all the information I.could, and seeing tbe ghost, if possible. On my way down I obtained (umeu ifie tbe ursi first anu and auuwcuuj apparently mv. the most authentic account, lrom a young j \- • - - gentleman suBering under a most , profuse eruption of pimples ; but who, judging from the tone of bis conversation, was a perfect Don Juan amongst the village maidens. The story was to the effect that a wellknown minister bad seen the apparition in tbe northern portion of tbe .town. I am tbe more inclined to believe this,'as the clerical gentleman ' lias lately left the village rather hur- ricdly, and although it had not been stated as a Tact, I (eel confident that that he must have again met the ghostly visitant, and thinking discretion the better part of valour, cleared out at once. The next ghost seer I heard of was a well-Utiown vender o( esculents, or more (ainilidtly denominated a greengrocer. There are several peculiar (acts connected with this meeting. Mr Vegetables Oh! met the object late one night, and like a true Caledonian rushed it; but strknge to say, instead of pussiu through it like going through an ordinary spectre, lie experienced a. violent concussion, and momentarily witnessed one of the finest pyrotcch- | displays it had ever benn his lot | ?? ? ee - He took the event so much t0 l,eart ,l,at l,e llad e J es w mourning fully three weeks for daring t0 ,0Dl£ at 8 0 uncanny a thing. 1 lho n e llt ° n hearing this yarn that the * illa g e ghost mu^t be decidedly out of tlle common, and fully anticipated a s P ,e " did adventure, nd to say the ^ettst ol it m y curiosity had iucreased immensely. It being still compara- ,ive l y early, I turued into the Ship Ho,el lor tbe purpose of • taking the °ath'and obtainingany ghostly ^nowledge I could. Whilst there! witnessed a very interesting game ol billiards between a naval officer and a soft goods merchant, which was won by the former gentleman by one point. Theexcitementran very high towards the end of the game, and it certainly was a treat lo.see what a trifle raises tbe spirits .of tbe villagers generally. I had almost forgotten to mention a novelty I saw there, in tbe shape of what wnai must nave have oeen been an anttaeluvian antideluvian m„„i „_ •,„ .. . billiard- marker, who according to ropst _Of. ihe visitors, rejoiced in the nameof'Arry. I call this a novelty. I as men usually descend in the social • grade and become billiard markers • 1 graue anu pecome ouiiara-marRers , but this one bad evidently risen to that high position in society. Towards tbe end of the game a distinguished military authority came into the tootn, and lrom a whispered conversation, between that luminarv aud a Iriend of his, I gleaned that they, like myself were in search of 'he marvellous. I determined upon following them, and did so. Eventually they led me towards that portion of the town which ex-mayors and members of parliament mostly affect as their place ol residence. Alter following them some distance I sat myself on a stone opposite a large bouse, that I beard them say was lormerly inhabited by a Mr Verdant — who was de cidedly not so green as his name implied—and waited patiently for the military man and his friend to come back. Whilst sitting there I noticed an individual with a gun come aud take up his position at the cornel"of thc stone wall, round Mr Horsman's residence. Owing to the gun I was Irigbtened to move, for fear lie might take me for a ghost and pot me; so I quietly settled myself flat on tbe stone to outstay him, and wondered what the outcome would be. A short space of time had elapsed, when 1 'heard tbe amateur soldier and his friend returning. ., , , ,, ,i,„„ When they reached the corne-, they , nearly ran against tbe barrel ot the ! gun, and very naturally inquired | what the owner was doing there witb it that time at night. The ma peered round him for some time to see that be was not observed, and said —- -- in true Spanish, • " Whisht! , , whisht I faith your honour, I m Iqoking lor the ghost."^ Upon hearing this I cot up and - waiked . away, towards the business part ol the village. The next inloimation I derived was from a member ol the force, and was the most peculiar ot any. He told me that the head man of the village police was tormenied sorely with this apparitipn. It used _ to intercept him at street corners, inj tbe shape of an enormous African parrot, and so soon as he got close to tbe object, it would shout out, " Look out; Lea and L'errin's coming,''and jumping over his head disappear. This was the more extraordinary as the chief officer of the village police is an -extremely tall man. Just as the policeman hid finished telling me this peculiar freak ol the ghost, a sailor rushed up, saying he had seen the fetch al-.o, t>ut this time in. the garb ol a woman, I Strange object, thought 1, apparently; all things to all men. The marine individual said on giving it chase it had run on to ouc ol the many piers there arc at the village. He thought lie had it : there was no escape as iiir as he could see: but , closp ' just as he was about to itl1 the object, it threw up its arms, screecl'ed a most terrific screech, and diving into the foiiuy fluid, disappeared. Such was the tale told by the sailor. Ol course policeman, sailor, and myself went to o k i , r „ „ r ,T, " look .U the place, and l.lspectud the pier : everything was qu:et and still, and after a tew moments of silence, j the policeman, sententiously remark- ' ing "It's a rum go," took the sailor into custody lor being drunk and dis- ; orderly, and marched him off to the j lock-up, ouce.moi;e leaving me alone. (lobe concluded in our next.) 