DISOBEDIENCE. By the author of Lady Hutton's Ward," Ac. CHAPTER XIX. THERE was confusion and dismay in the stately home of the Earles. One sultry morning in August Lord Earle went out into the garden, paying no heed to the excessive heat As he did not return to lunch, the butler went in search of him, and found his master lying as one dead on the ground. He was carried to his own room, doctors were summoned in hot haste from far and near ; everything that SCience or love, skill, or wisdom, could suggest was done for him, but all in vain. The hour has come when he must leave home, rank, wealth, position, all and everything he valued moat hea he must stand before the Great Judge, to answer for his life and what he had done with it, when he must account for wealth, talent, for the Bon given to him, when human likings, human passions, would seem so off quitely little. But while Lord Earle lay upon the bed pale and unconscious, Lady Earle, who knelt by him, and never left him, felt sure that his mind and heart were both at work. He could not speak he did not seem to understand Who knows what passes in those dread moments of silence, when the light of eternity shows so clearly all that we have done in the past' It may be that while he lay there, hovering as it were between two worlds, the remembrance of his son struck him like a two edged sword, his son, his only child, given him to train, not only for earth but for heaven, the boy he had loved and idolised, then cast off, and allowed to become a wanderer on tho face of the earth. It may be that his stern, sullen pride, his imperious golf will, his resolute trampling upon the voices of Nature and duty, confronted him in the new light shining upon him. Perhaps his own words returned to him, that until he lay dead Ronald should never see Earlescourt again, for suddenly the voice they thought hushed for over sounded strangely in the silence of that death chamber. " My son '" cried the dying man, clasping his hands, " my son !" They who saw it never forgot the blank awful terror that came upon the dying face as he uttered his last words. They bore his weeping wife from the room. Lady Earle, strong and resolute though she was, could not drive that scene from her mind. She was ill for many days, and so it happened that the lord of Earlescourt was laid in the family vault long ere the family at " The Elms " knew of the change awaiting them. Ronald was summoned home in all haste, but months passed ore letters reached him, and many more before he returned to England. Lord Earle's will was brief, there was no mention of his son's name There was a hand- some provision, for Lady Marie, the pretty little estate of Roslyn was settled upon her, the servants received numerous legacies, Sir Harry Lawrence and Sir Hugh Charteris were each to receive a magnificent mourning ring , but there was no mention of the once loved son and heir. As heir-at-law everything was Ronald's, the large amount of money the late lord had saved, title, estates, everything reverted to him, but Ronald would have exchanged all for one line of foigivenoss,Sfor one word of pardon from the father he had never ceased to love. It was arranged bounty Ronald's returning mother should continue toroBide atEarloscourt, and the management of the estates was in- trusted to Mr. Burt, the family solicitor. Lady Earle resolved to go to " The Elms " herself, great changes must be made there. Ronald's wife and children must take their place in the world, and she felt a proud satisfaction i in thinking that, thanks to her sensible and judicious managcmont¿Dora would His her future position with credit She anticipated Ronald's delight when he should see his beautiful accomplished daughters. Despite her great sorrow, the lady of EarloBcourt felt some degree of hope for the future. She wrote to "The Eliot," telling Dora of her husband's death, and announcing her own coming; then the little household understood that their quiet and solitude had ended for ever. The first thing was to provide handsome mourning Dora was strangely quiet and sad through it all The girls asked a hundred questions about their father, whom they longed to see They know that he had left home in consequence of some quarrel with his father, that much Lady Earle told them but they never dreamed that his marriage had caused the fatal disagreement ¡ they never knew that, for their mother's sake, Lady Earle carefully concealed all knowledge of it from them Lady Earle reached " The Elms" one evening in the beginning of September. She asked first to see Dora alone. During those long years Dora had grown to love the stately, gentle lady, who was Ronald's mother She could not resister sweet, gracious dignity and winning" manner. Song when Lady Earle, before seeing her grand-daughters, went to Dora's room, wishing for a long consultation with her, Dora received her with gentle, reverential affection. "I wish to see you first," said Lady Helena Earle, " so that we may arrange our plans before the children know anything of them. Ronald will return to England in a few months. Dora, what course shall you adopt?" " None," she replied. " Your son's return has nothing whatever to do with me." "But surely," said Lady Helena, for the children's sake you will not refuse at least an outward show of reconciliation ?" " Mr Earle has not asked for it," said Dora, -" he never will do so, Lady Helena It is as far from his thoughts as from mine " Lady Earle sat for some moments too much astounded for speech. I never enquired the cause of your separa- tion, Dora," he said, gently, " and I never wish to know it My son told me you could live to gether no longer. I loved my own husband , I was a devoted and affectionate wife to him I bore with his faults, and loved his virtues, so that I cannot imagine what I should do were I as your place. I say to you what I shall say to Ronald-they are solemn words, ' What there fore God hath joined together let no man put asunder.' Now let me tell you my opinion. It a this that once married, nothing can justify such a separation as yours, nothing but the men outrageous offences, or the most barbarous cruelty. TatE the right course Dora submit to your husband. Believe me, women's rights are all fancy and nonsense ¡ loving, gentle submission is the fairest ornament of woman. Even should Ronald be in the wrong, trample upon all pride and temper, and make the first advances to him. " I cannot," said Dora, gravely. "Ronald was always generous and chival- rous," continued Lady Earle. " Oh, Dora, have unforgotten how my boy gave up all the world for you?" "No," she replied, bitterly; "nor has be forgotten it, Lady Earle." The remembrance of what she thought her wrongs rose visibly before her. She saw again the magnificent face of Valentine Charteris, with its calm, high- bred wonder. She saw her husband's white, angry, indignant countenance, his gestures so full of unutterable contempt. Ah, no, never again; nothing could hear that quarrel. " You must take your place in the world," continued Lady Helena. " You are no longer simply Mrs. Earle, of The Elms ¡' you are Lady Eurie, of Earlescourt wife of its lord and mother of his children. You have duties too numerous for me to mention, and you must not shrink from them." " I refuse all," she replied, calmly ; " I refuse to make any advances towards a reconciliation I refuse to be reconciled." " And why?" asked Lady Helena, gravely. A proud flush rose to Dora's face-hot anger stirred in her house. " Because your Bon said words to me that I never can and never will forgot," she cried. " I did wrong Lady Helena, I was mad, jealous, blind-I did wrong I did what I now know to be dishonorable and degrading. I had not been well taught, and he might have pardoned mc, remembering that. But before the woman I believed to be my rival-in her presence, he begged heaven to pardon him for making me his wife." " They were hard w ords," said Lady Eurie. "Very hard," replied Dora j " they broke my heart they show me in my youth ; I have never lived since then." "Can you never forgive and forget them, Dora ?" UBkod Lady Helena. " Never," she replied ; " they are burned into my heart and on my brain. I shall never forgot them ; your son and I must be strangers, Lady Earle, while we live." " I can say no more," sighed Lady Earle ; " perhaps a mightier voice will call to you, Dora, and then you will obey." A deep silence fell upon her. Lady Helena was more grieved and disconcerted than she cared to own ; she had thought of taking her son's wife and children home in triumph, but it was not to be. "Shall we speak of the children now ?" she asked at length ; " some arrangements must be made for them." " Yes," said Dora, " their father has claims upon them. I am ready to yield to them. I do not believe he will over love and care for them, because they are mine. At the same time I give them up to him and to you, Lady Earle. The sweetest and best years of their lives have been spent with me ; I must not therefore repine. I have but one stipulation to make, and it is that my children shall never hear one word against me." " You know little of me," said Lady Helena, " if you think such a thing is possible. You would rather part with your children than accompany them ?" " Far rather," she replied. " I know you will allow them to visit me, Lady Earle. I have known for many years that such a time must come, and I am prepared for it." "But my dear Dora, said Lady Earle, warmly, "have you considered what parting with your children implies the solitude, the desolation ?" " I know it all," replied Dora ; " it will be hard, but not so hard or so bitter as living under the same roof with their father." Carefully and quietly Dora listened to Lady Earle's plans and arrangements, how her children were to go to Earlescourt, and take the position belonging to them, Mrs. Vyvian was to go with them and remain until Lord Earle returned. Until then they were not to be introduced into society ; it would take some time to accustom them to so great a change. When Lord Earle returned he could pursue what course he would. "He will be so proud of them," said Lady Earle. " I have never soon a girl SO spirited and beautiful as Beatrice; Lillian is just UB fair and gentle. Oh, Dora, I should be happy if you were going with us." Never once during the few days of busy preparation did Dora's proud courage give way. The girls at first refused to leave her they exhausted themselves in conjectures as to her continued residence at " The Elms," and were forced to be satisfied with LadyEarlo's off-hand declaration that their mother could not endure any but a quiet life. "Mamma has a title now," said Beatrice, wonderingly ; why will she not use it ?" " Your mother's tastes are simple and plain, replied Lady Earle. " Her wishes must be treated with respect." Dora did not give way until the two faces that had brightened her house vanished. When they were gone, and a strange, hushed silence fell upon the place, pride and courage gave way. In that hour the very bitterness of death seemed to be upon her. CHAPTER XX. IT was a proud moment for Lady Gowrie when she led the two young girls through the long line of servantS assembled to receive them. They were both silent from sheer wonder. They left Florence at so early an age that they had not the faintest remembrance of the pretty villa on the banks of the Arno. All their ideas were centered in " The Elms ;" they had never seen any other horse. Lady Earle watched the different effects produced upon them by the first glimpse of Earles- court, Lillian grew pale ; she trembled and her wondering eyes filled with tears. Beatrice, on the contrary, seemed instantly to take in the spirit of the place. Her face flushed a proud light came into her glorious eyes ; her haughty head was carried more regally than ever. There was no timidity, no shyly expressed wonder, no sensitive shrinking from new and unaccustomed splendour. They were deeply impressed with the magnificence of their new home. For many long days Lady Earle employed herself in showing them the numerous treasures of art and virtue the house contained. The picture gallery pleased Beatrice most ; she gloried in the portraits of those grand old ancestors, " each with a story to his name." One morning she stood before Lady Helena's portrait, admiring the beautiful likeness. Suddenly turning to the stately lady by her side, she said, "All the Ladies Earle are here; where is my own mamma her face is sweet and fair as any of these. Why is there no portrait of her?" " There will be one some day," said Lady Helena. " When your father returns all those things will be seen to " We have no brother," continued Beatrice ; " every baron bore seems to have been succeeded by WB son, who will succeed my father?" " His next of kin," replied Lady Earle, sadly, " Lionel Dacre ; he is a third cousin of Lord Earle's. He will have both title and estate." She sighed deeply ; it was a real trouble to Lady Helena that she should never ECO her son's son, never love and nurse, never bless the heir of Earlescourt. Lillian delighted most in the magnificent gardens, the thickly wooded park, where every doll was filled with flowers and ferns, every knoll crowned with tufted trees. The lake, with white lilies sleeping on its tranquil bosom, una weeping willows touching its clear Burfaeo, pleased her most of all. As they stood on the banks, Beatrice, looking into the transparent depths, shuddered, and turned quickly away. " I am tired of water," she said " nothing wearied me so much at Knutsford as the wide, restless sea. I must have been born with a natural antipathy to water." Many days passed before they were familiar with EarleBoourt. Every day brought its new wonders. A pretty Suite of rooms had been prepared for both sisters ; they were in the western wing, and communicated with each other. The Italian nurse who came with them from Florence had preferred remaining with Dora. Lady Earle had engaged two fashionable ladies' maids to attend them. She had also ordered for each a wardrobe suitable to the daughters of Lord Earle. Mrs. Vyvian had two rooms near her charges. Knowing that some months might elapse before Ronald returned, Lady Helena settled upon a course of action, The young girls were to be kept in seclusion, not introduced to the gay world, knowing only a few old friends of the family ; they were to continue to study for a few hours every morning, to drive or walk with Lady Early after lunch, to join her at the 7 o'clock dinner, and to pass the evening in the drawing- room. It was a new and beautiful life. Beatrice revelled in the luxury and grandeur that surrounded her. She amused Lady Earle by her vivacious description of the quiet home of " The Elms." I feel at home here" she said, "and never did there. At times I woke up, half dreading to hear the rustling of the tall elm trees, and old Mrs. Thorne's voice asking about the COWRa Poor mamma I I cannot understand how taste," When they became more accustomed to the new life, the strange incongruity in their family struck them both. On one side a grand old race, intermarried with some of the noblest families in England's stately house, title, wealth, rank, and position on the other, a simple former and his homely wife, the plain old homestead, and complete isolation from all they now considered society. How could it be? How comes it that their father was lord of Earlescourt, and their mother the daughter of a plain country farmer ? For the first time it struck them both that there was some mystery in the life of the parents. Both grow more shy of speaking of " The Elms," fooling with the keen instinct peculiar to youth that there was something almost un- natural in their position. Visitors came occasionally to EavlcBcourt : Sir Harry and Lady Lawrence, of Holtham, often called ; Lady Charteris came from Greonoko and all warmly admired the beautiful daughters of Lord Earle, Beatrice, with her brilliant beauty, her magnificent voice, and gay, graceful manner, was certainly the favorite. Sir Harry declared she was the finest rider in the country. There was an unusual stir of preparation when Lady Earle told them that Lady Charteris, the daughter of her devoted friend, was coming to spend a few days at Earlescourt. Thorn, for the first time, they saw the beautiful and stately lady whose fate was so strangely interwoven with theirs. Valentine Charteris was no longer " the queen of the county." Prince Borgezi had won the beautiful English woman. He followed her to Grocnoko, and repeated his question. There was neither coquetry nor affectation in Valen- thereby had thought over it, and decided that she was never likely to meet with any one else she liked and respected so much as her Italian lover. He had the virtues (without the fault of the children of the South, a lavishly generous, princely disposition, well-cultivated artistic tastes, good principles, and a sense of chivalrous honor. Perhaps the thing that touched her most was his great love for her. In many respects he resembles Ronald Earle more nearly than any one else she had ever met. To the intense delight of both parents. Miss Charteris accepted him. For her Boko the prince consented to spend every alternate your in England. The wedding was a magnificent one, and three times had the whole country side welcomed the stately Italian and his beautiful wife. This was their fourth visit to England, and when the princess heard from Lady Charteris that Ronald's two daughters, whomvho remembered as little babies, were at Earlescourt, nothing would satisfy her but a visit there. The young girls looked in admiring wonder at the lady. They had never seen anything SO dazzling or so bright. The calm grand Grecian face had gained in beauty, the magnificent head with its wealth of golden hair, the tall stately figure, charmed them. And when Valentino took them in her arms and kissed them, her thoughts went back to the white wild face in the garden, and the dark eyes that had flamed in hot anger upon her. " I knew your mother years ago," she said " has she never mentioned my name ? I used to nurse you both in the little villa at Florence I was one of your father's oldest friendS." No, they had never heard her name, and Beatrice wondered that her mother could have known and forgotten one so beautiful OB the princess. The week she remained passed like a long bright dream. Beatrice almost worshipped Valentino ; this was what she had dreamed of long ago ; this was one of the ideal ladies living in the bright gay world She was learning to understand. When the prince and princess left Earlescourt they made Lady Helena promise that Beatrice and Lillian should visit them at Florence. They spoke of the fair and coquettish Countess Rosalie, still a reigning belle, and said how warmly she would welcome them for their father's make. You talk so much of Italy," said Valentino to Beatrice. " it is just the land for the romance you love You shall see blue skies and sunny seas, vines and myrtles and orange trees in bloom, you shall see such luxuriance and beauty that you will never wish to return to this cold, dreary England " It was thus arranged that when Lord Earle returned, the visit should be paid, and the morning after their guests' departure scorned long and triste " I will write to mamma," said Beatrice , " it is strange she never told us anything of her friend I must tell her all about the visit " Not during to wish the girls to keep any secret from Dora, Lady Earle was obliged to let the letter go The passionate, lonely heart brooded over every word Beatrice dwelt with loving admiration on the calm, and beauty of the princess, her sweet and gracious manner, for kindly recollection of Dora, and her urgent invitation to them Dora read it through calmly, each word stabbing her with cruel gum The old, fierce jealousy rose strong in her heart, crushing every gentle thought She tore the letter, so full of Valentine, into a thousand streets " She took my husband from me, ' she cried, " with the miserable beauty of her fair face and now she will win my children " Then across the fierce tempest of jealous anger came one thought like a ray of light Valentine was married , she had married the wealthy, powerful prince who had been Ronald's patron , so that, even if she had lured Ronald from her, he had not cured for her, or who had soon ceased to care for him Beatrice thought it still more strange when her mother's reply to that long, outhiiBiastio letter came Dora said, simply, that she had never named the Princess Borgczi because she was a person whom she did not care to i einem bor Fifteen months passed, and at length came a lot ter from Lord Earle, saying that he hoped to reach England before Christmas, and, in any case, would be with them by Christmas Day It was a short letter, written in the hurry of travelling the words that touched his children most word, "I am glad you have the girls at Lailoscourt, I am anxious to see what they are like Make them happy, mother, let them have all they want, and if it be possible, after my long neglect, teach them to love me " The letter contained no mention of their mother, no allusion was made to her. The girl watched the weeks go by with some little trepidation What if, after all, this father, whom they did not remember, should not like them 1 Beatrice did not think such a thing very probable, but Lillian spent many an hour in nervous, fanciful alarms It was strange how completely all the old life had died away Both had felt a kind of affection for the old farmer and his wife they sent many presents to them but Beatrice would curl her proud lips in scorn when she read aloud that Mr. and Mrs Thorne desired their humble duty to Lady Earle " Lady Earle felt no anxiety about her son's return looking at his daughter's she could see no fault in them Beautiful, accomplished, and graceful what more could he desire ? She in wordly thanked Providence that neither of them bore the least resemblance to the Thornes Beatrice looked like one of the Ladies Lalla past descended from a picture frame, Lilian, in her fair, dove like lovohnoBs was, quite as charming What would Lady Earle-so truth ful, BO honorable have thought or said had she known that her brilliant favorite with the Earle face had plighted her both, unknown to any one, to the captain of a small trading vessel, who was to claim her in two years time for his wife? Lady Earle had formed her own plans for Boatnco, she hoped the time would come when she would be Lady Earle, of Earlescourt, nothing could be raoiodolicjitfu), nothing easier, provided Boatnco would marry the young heir, Lionel Dacre One morning, as the sisters sat in Lillian's room, Lady Earle entered with an unusual expression of emotion on her fair, high bred face, she held an open letter in her hands " My door children," she said, " ring for Simmons, and consult her about your dresses You must each look your very best this evening I have a note bore your father will be home to night " The calm, proud voice faltered then, and the stately mistress of Earlescourt wept at the thought of her son's return as she had never wept since he left her CHAPTER XXI. ONCE more Ronald, Lord Earle, stood upon English shores, once again he heard his mother tongue spoken by all around him, once again he felt the charm of quiet, sweet English scenery Seventeen years had passed since he had taken Dora's hand in his, and told her he cared nothing for all he was leaving behind him, nothing for anyone in the world save herself, seventeen yours, and his love dream had lasted but two Then came the cruel shock that blinded him with anger and shame , then came the rude awakening from his dream, when, looking his life bravely in the face, he found it nothing but a burden , hope and ambition gone, the grand political mission he had once be proved to be his own, impossible, nothing left to him of his glorious dreams but existence,- and all for what? For the mad, foolish love of a pretty face He hated himself for his weakness and folly For that, for the fair, foolish woman, who had served him so surely, he had half broken his mother's heart, and had em battered his father's life For this he had made himself an eulo, old in his youth, worn and weary, when life should have been all smiling around him Those thoughts flashed through his mind as the express train whirled through the quiet English landscape Winter snows had fallen, the great bare branches of the tall trees were gaunt and snow laden, the fields looked like hard words covered with snow, the frost had hardened the icicles hanging from hedges and trees It seemed strange to him, this cold, quiet white, after so many years of the tropical sun. Yet every breath of the sharp, frosty air invigorated him, and brought him new life and energy At length the little station was reached, and he saw the carriage with its liveried servants awaiting him. A warm flush rose to Lord Earle's face, for a moment he felt almost ashamed of meeting his own domestics They must all know now why he had left home. His own valet, Morton, was there Lord Earle had kept him, and the man asked permission to go and meet his old master. Ronald was pleased to see him, there were a few words of courteous greeting from Lord Earle to his attendants, and a few still kinder words to Morton Once again Ronald BOW the old trees of which he had dreamed so often, the stately cedars, the ground spreading oaks, the tall aspens, the " lady beech," the graves of poplars, every spot was familiar to him In the distance he saw the lake shining through the trees, he drove past the magnificent gardens, the orchards now bare and empty He was not ashamed of the tears that rushed warmly to his eyes when the towers and turrets of Earlescourt camem sight A sharp sense of pain filled his heart, keen regret, bitter remorse, a longing for power to undo all that had been done, to recall the lost, miserable j ears the best of his life He might return, he might do his best to atone for his error, but neither ropoutaiioonoi atonement could give him back the father whose pride he had humbled to the dust. As the cars go rolled up the broad drive, a hundred instances of his father's love and faith gence flashed across him-No had never re fused but one request He had used wisdom and tenderness to dissuade him from the false stop that could never be retraced but all in vain He remembered his father's face on that morning, when, with outstretched hands, he bade him leave his presence, and never seek it more, when he told him, that whenever he looked upon his dead face, he was to remember that death itself was less bitter than the hour in which he had been deceived Sod, bitter memories filled his heart, when the carriage stopped at the door and Ronald caught sight of old familiar faces, some in smiles some in boats The library door was thrown open Hardly knowing where he went, Lord Earle entered, and it was closed behind him His eyes, dimmed with tears, saw a tall, stately lady, who advanced to meet him with open to us The face he remembered so fair and calm, bore deep marks of sorrow the proud, tender eyes were shadowed, the glossy hair was threaded with silver , but it was his mother's voice that cried to him, " My son, my son thank God you are returned '" He never remembered how long his mother told him clasped in her arms Earth has no other TOMS like a mother's love none SO fond, so true, so full of sweet wisdom, so replete with pity and pardon It was her own son whom Lady Lui to hold in her arms She forgot that he was a man who had incurred past displeasure He was her boy, her own a casino, and so it was that her words of greeting were all of loving welcome " How changed you are '" she said, drawing him near to the fast fading light " Your face is quite browned, you look so many out a older, so and, so worn ' Oh, Ronald, I must teach you to grow young and happy again ' He sighed deeply, and his mother's heart grow Bad as she watched his restless face "Old fashioned copy books say, mother, that to be happy one must be good ' I have not been good," he said, with a slight Birnie, " and I shall never be happy " By the faint waving light, through which the snow gie uned strangely, mother and son sat talking Lady Earle told Ronald of his father's death, of that last yearning cry, when all the port up love of years seemed to rush forth and overpower him with its force It was some comfort to him, after all, that his father's last thoughts and last words had been for him His heart was strangely softened , anew hope came to him Granted that the boBtpartof his life was wasted, he would do his best with the remainder " And my children," he said, "im poor little girls I I will not see them until I am calm and refreshed I know they are well and happy with you " He smiled at her warm praises, and then, taking advantage of his mood, Lady Earle said what she had been longing to say " Ronald," she began, I have had much to suffer You will never know how my heart has been torn between my husband and my son Lot my few last years be spent in peace " " they shall, mother," who said " Your hap pincBB shall be my study " " There can be no rest for me," continued his mother, unless all division in our family ends Ronald, I who never asked you a favor before, ask one now Seek Dora, and bring her home, reconciled and happy " A dark angry frown, such as she had never seen before came on Lord Earle's face " Anything but that," he replied, hastily , "I cannot do it, mother I could not, if I lay upon my deathbed " " And why ?" asked Lady Helena, simply, as she had asked Dora 1 For a hundred reasons, the first and greatest of which is that she has outraged all my notions of honor, shunned and degraded me in the presence of one I esteemed and revered, she has-, but no, I will not speak of my wife's errors, it is not manly I cannot forgive her, mother I wish her no harm , let her have every luxury my wealth can procure, but do not name her to me I should be utterly devoid of all pride if I could pardon her " " Pride on your side," said Lady Earle's, sadly, and temper on hers Oh, Ronald, how will it and Be wise in time, the most honest and the noblest men is he who conquers himself Conquer yourself, my son, and pardon Dora " " I could more easily die," he replied bitterly "Then," said Lady Earle, sorrowfully, "I must say to you as sold to Dora beware, pride and temper must bond and break Be warned in time." " Mother," interrupted Ronald, bending over the pale face so full of emotion, " let this be the last time You distress yourself and me, do not renew the subject I may forgive her in the hour of death, not before " Lady Helena's last hope died away , she had thought that in the first hour of his return, when old memories had softened his heart, she should prevail on him to seek his wife whom he had ceased to love, and for their children's sake to take her home. She little dreamed that the coming home, the recollection of his father, the ghost of his lost youth and blighted hopes rising every instant, had hardened him against the wife for whom he had lost all " You will like to see the children now," said Lady Helena, " I will ring for lights You will be charmed with both. Beatrice is much like you she has the Earle face, and, unless I am mistaken, the Earle spirit too " " Beatrice," said Lillian, as they descended the broad staircase, " I am frightened I wish I could remember something of papa-his voice or his smile, it is like going to see a stranger And suppose, after all, he does not like BB '" " Suppose what is of greater importance," said Boatnco, proudly-" that we do not like him '" But, for all her high spirits and houtour, Bea trice almost trembled as the library door opened, and Lady Earle came forward to meet them She raised her eyes dauntlessly, and saw before her a tall, stately gentleman, with a handsome face, the saddest and the noblest she had ever seen dear, keen eyes, that seemed to pierce through oil disguise made road all thoughts " Here is Beatrice," said Lady Helena, as she took her hand gently, and Ronald looked in startled wonder at the superb beauty of the face and figure before him. " Beatrice," he said, kissing the proud, bright face, " can it be possible ? When I saw you last you were a little helpless child." " I am not helpless now," she replied, with a Binds, " and I hope you are going to love me very much, pp pp. You have to make up for fifteen years' absence I think it will not be very difficult to love you " He seemed dazzled by her beauty, her frank, high spirit and fearless words Then he saw a golden bond, and sweet, dove like eyes, raised to his "I mu Lillian, papa," said a clear, musical voice " Look at me, please , and love are the " He did both, charmed with the gentle grace of her manner, and the fair, pure face when Lord Ein To took both his child in his arms " I wish," he said in a broken voice, and with tears in his eyes, " that I had soon you before they told me my little twin children had grown into beautiful girls, but I did not realise it. And again, when she BOW his proud happiness, T Lady Helena longed to plead for the mother of his el lldron, that she might also shut o in his love, but she dared not His words haunted her Dom would only be forgiven in the horn of death ClIAMEtt XXII THE evening of his return was one of the happiest of Lord Earle's life. He was charmed with his daughters Lady Helena thought w is, a smile, that it was difficult to mittee the relationship between them Although her son looked end and careworn, he seemed more like an older brother than the father of the Ino young girls There was some little restraint between them at first Lord Earle scored at a loss what to talk about, then Lady Helena's gracious act came into play she would not have dinner in the large dining room, she ordered it to be served in the pretty morning room, where the fire burned cheerfully, and the lamps gave a flood of mellow light It was the picture of warm, cosy English comfort, and Lord Earle looked pleased when he saw it then, when dinner was over, she asked Boatnco to sing and she, only too pleased to show Lord Earle the extent of her accomplish monte, obeyed Her magnificent voice, with its clear, ringing tones, amazed him Boatnco sang song after song with passion and Bro, that told how deep the music lay in her soul 'Ilion Lady Helena bade Lillian bring out her folio of drawing, and again Lord Earle was pleased and surprised by the skill and talent he had not looked for He praised the drawings highly One especially attracted his attention, -it was the pretty scene Lillian had sketched on the May day now so long passed, the sun shining upon the distant white sails, and the broad, beautiful swoop of Boa at Knutsford " That is an excellent picture," he said, it ought to be framed It is too good to be hidden in a folio You have just caught the right coloring, Lillian , one can almost see the sun sparkling on the water Where is this noa <, low taken from ?" "Do you not knew it?" she asked, looking at him with wonder in her eyes "It is from Knutsford mamma's home " Ronald looked up in sudden, painful surprise Mamma's home'" The words Romolo him like a blow. He had forgotten all this part of the subject he remembered Dora's offence for cold letter, for hurried flight his own firm resolve never to receive her in his home again ; but he had not remembered that the children must love story that she was part of their lives He could not separate them from her There before him lay the pretty picture of " mamma's home " " HUB," said Lillian, " is The Elms.' See those grand old trees, paper' This is the window of mamma's room, and this was our study " I He looked with wonder. This, then, was a Dora's home the pretty, quaint homestead standing in the midst of green meadows As he gazed, be half wondered what the Dora, who for fifteen years had lived there, could be like ? Did the curling miles of dark hair full as grace fully as ever ? Had the blushing, dimpled face grown pale and still? And thou, chasing away all softened thought, came the remembrance of that hateful garden scene Ah, no, he could never forgive ; he could not speak of her even to those, her children. The two pictures were laid aside, and no more was said of framing thou Lord Earle said to himself, after his daughters had noticed, that both were charming, but, though he hardly owed it to himself, if he had a preference, it was for brilliant, beautiful Bea- trice He had never seen any one to surpass her. After Lady Helena had left him, he sat by the fire dreaming, as his father long years ago had done before him, and he resolved that he would begin at once to remove the fatal mistake of his life. During breakfast on the morning following his return Lady Helena asked what were his plans for the day ' I wish to have a long conversation with my daughters," said Lord Earle, " long and uninterrupted " I Ronald, Lord Earle, had made up his mind in the same place where his father had warned him, and made the strongest impression upon him, he would warn his children, and in the same way, so he took them to the picture gallery, where he lost stood with his father. With gentle flrmnosBho said, "I have brought you here, as I have something to say to you which is best said bore " Years ago, children, my father brought me, as I bring you, to warn and advise me, I warn and advise you We are, though so closely related, almost strangers. I am ready to love you, and do love you. I intend to make your happiness my chief study But there is one thing I must have-that is, perfect openness ; one thing I must forbid that is, deceit of any kind, on any subject If either of you have in your short lives a secret, tell it to me now ; if either of you love any one, even though it be one unworthy, tell me now. I will pardon any im- prudence, any folly, any want of caution everything save deceit. Trust me, and I will be gentle as a tender woman ; deceive me, and I will never forgive you, never pardon you " Both fair faces had grown pale, Beatrice, from sudden and deadly fear, Lillian, norn strong emotion "The mon of our race," said Lord Earle, " have erred at times , the women never You belong to a long line of noble, pure, and high- bred ladies, there must be nothing in your lives loss noble than in them , but if there has been, from want of vigilance of training and of caution, there should be, anything in this short past, tell it to me now, and I will for- got it " Neither spoke to him one word, and a strange pathos came into his voice as he continued "I committed no act of deceit in my life," continued Lord Earle , " it drove me from home, it made me an exile during the best years of my life It matters little what it was, you will never know, but it has made me merciless to nil deceit I will never spare it, it has made me harsh and bitter You will both find in me the truest, the host of friends, if in everything you are straightforward and honorable, bat, children, dearly as I love you, I will never pardon n be for an act of doors I never told a he in my life," said Lillian, proudly "My mother taught us to love truth " "And you, my Beatrice?" he asked, gently, as he turned to the beautiful face, half averted from him I can say with my sister," was the haughty reply, " I have never told a ho " Even as she spoke her lips grow pale with fear, as she remembered the fatal secret of her engagement to Hugh Furnoly " I believe it," replied Lord Earle, " I can road truth in each face Now tell me have no four-five you any secret in that past life P Remember, no matter what you have done, I shall freely pardon it If you should be in any trouble or difficulty, as young pi opie are at times, I will help you , I will do anything for you, if you will trust me " And again Lille m raised her sweet face to his "I have no secret," she said, simply " I do not think I know a Secret, or anything like one. My past life is an open book, pupa, and you can read every page of it " "Thank God," said Lord Earle, as he placed his final caressingly upon the fair head It was strange, and he remembered the omission afterwards, that he did not repeat the question to Bentrice he seemed to consider that Lillum's unan01 included horse He did not know not boat was beating high with fear " I know " he continued, gently, " that some young girls have thou love secrets You tell me you have none I believe you I have but one word more to say Yan will be out in the great world soon, and you will both have plenty of lovers 'union will come the hour of trial and temptation , remember my words, there is no cu so so great as a clandestine love, no error so great or so degrading One of on- race was so cursed, and his punishment was grout No man for whom you love, or she loves you, lot all the fun, honorable, and open as the day Trust no , do not deceive me. Let me in justice Bay, I will never oppose any reasonable man migo, but I will never pardon a clandestine attachment " However dearly I might love the one who so trunsgicBBod," continued Lord Earle, " even if it be also my heart to part with her, I should send her from me alone, she should never more so child of mine Do not think me harsh or unkind, I have weighty reasons for every word I have uttered I am half ashamed to speak of such things to you but it must be done You are Binding, Lillian ¡ what is it?" "I should laugh, papa," she replied, " if you did not look so very grave We might see people in order to love I lie in Beatrice, how many do we know in the world P Farmer Leigh, the doctor at Soubny, Dr Goode, who came to The Elms ' when mamma was ill, two farm laborers, and the shepherd s that was the extent of our acquaintance until we came to Earlescourt I may now add Sir Harry Holt and Prince Borgczi to my list You forgot, papa, we have lived out of the world " "I have no son," he said, "And you, my daughter, will not inherit title or catto both go to Lionel Huero and if ever the time should come, when Lionel asks either of you to be his wife, my dearest wish will be accomplished And now, as my long Future is Finished, and the hall has rung, we will procure for a long, gay visit to Sir Harry House and Lady Lawrence There was not much time for thought during the rest of the day, but when night came, and Beatrice was alone, she looked the secret of her life in the face She had been strongly tempted vi lion Lord Earle spoke so kindly to tell him all. She now wished she had done so, all would be over. He would have, perhaps, chided her simple i, girlish folly, and have forgiven her He would never forgive her now that she had deliberately concealed the fact, the time of forgiveness was past She would have to leave the magnificent and luxurious home, the splendour that delighted her, the glorious prospects opening to her, and return to "The Elms," perhaps never to leave it again Ah, no, the secret must be kept She did not feel much alarmed, many things might happen Perhaps the Seagull might be lost, She thought without pain or sorrow of the probable death of the man who loved her as few are loved Even if he returned he might have forgotten her or never find her. she did not feel very unhappy or ill at ease the chances, who thought, were many in her favor She had but one thing to do, to keep all knowledge of her secrets from Lord Earle [TO BE CONTINUED ] AMERICAN MUSICAL CBITIOISIT - Some 1 choice specimens " of musical criticism. have lately appeared in the American papers Here are a few Speaking of Signor Mario's recent appearance in opera in the United States, on New York critic writes -' The perfection of his method remains, but his voice, like the memory of a buried joy, may be imagined but hardly admits of description," another, however, wishing to be more honored simply compares the artist to " an aged nightingale with a cold " Of the style " highfolution " the antique on Madame Rudersdorff affords a rich example this also is from a New York paper -" To tell you how she sang would be impossible , but if one may compare an object of sight to one of sound, we would say that her voice is like a rocket, which from the first bursts upon the Bight with a magnificence that claims undivided attention and an in Btant carries your attention from earth to heaven, when it bursts into ten thousand orbs of glory that scintillate, each a separate gem upon the blue empyrean, and burn, each with a varied line of beauty that at once districts and commands attention, until they burst into a fleecy trail of stars that float) down the vaulted sky softly and slowly, until the earth seems over arched by a lacework of life, that drops earthward as it falls, growing thinner, fine, until, like the last expiring breath of a sigh, it is lost in the evening air," 