POLLING PLACES FOR AUBIGNY. —Yours, ia., Ed. W. Pkjhby. Toowoomba, September 14. SIR, —I crave space for the following in your columns. Immediately after the proclamation of the polling-places for the general election I addressed a letter to the following effect to the Hon. the Colonial Secretary :— " Sir, —I beg respectfully to call your atten tion to the necessity of altering the polling* places as proclaimed for the electoral district of Aubigny. At Clifton and Cambooya railway ■tations there arc no electors, so that these two polling-places can well be dispensed with; whereas the bulk of the electors are resident in the suburbs of Toowoomba, in which town a polling-place ia much required. "In the district of Highfields three polling* placet were considered as necessary when it formed a portion of the 'Drayton and Too woomba' electorate, whereas only one is now Eroclairoed. As this district is thirty miles rag, I would respectfully suggest that the three polling places be retained.—l am, &c;, "Ed.W. Pbchby." Receiving no reply to this letter, I wrote on 29th ultimo to Gh B. King, Esq., the returning* officer for Aubigny, to a similar effect. This gentleman, with his usual courtesy, promptly replied, to the following effect:— " Gowrie, September 30, 1873. 11 Sir, —Tn reply to your letter of yesterday's date, I hare to state that the appointment of the different polling plaoes is not in my pro vince. I would, however, recommend you to write to the Under-Colonial Secretary on the subject in question. —I bare, Ac, &c.;, " Gko. B. Kisa. " To B. W. Pechey, Esq." Following Mr King's suggestion, I then wrote to the Und^r-Colonial Secretary, but no reply has at present been vouchsafed. With my experience of the manner that per sonation has at previous elections been resorted to by the Ministerial party, both in West More ton and the Western Downs in the out-of-the way polling places, I fear that in spite of the new- fangled claims of the system of rotors' rights there is something more than appears on the surface in the appointment of these polling-places at Cambooya and Clifton, par ticularly when I remember their dangerous proximity to the dukedom of Eton Yale. There are over 200 names on the roll for Aubigny of persons absent from the district, and I see nothing to prevent their rights being issued to Dick, Tom, and Harry, and their votes polled »t Clifton or Cambooya, or any other on* guarded polling-place. What purpose are these polling-places to terve ? Clifton is only six miles from another polling-place at Spring Creek; and Cambooya only some five miles from the polling-place at Greenmount, Emu Creek. Why is there no polling place in Toowoomba P I believe if one were appointed fully one-half of the Aubigny voters would avail themselves of it. Is the convenience of tho majority of the voters consulted ? I trow not. Fully 100 voters from the northern boundary of Toowoomba must travel either eight miles to Drayton one way or the same dis tance the other way to the one poll ing-place at Highfields, whilst a polling place is provided at Clifton and Cambooya for the ostensible convenience of the solitary one elector at each of those places rather than ask them to travel five and aix miles respectively. Also, one hundred electors are asked to travel twelve to fifteen miles from the northern portion of Highfields, ana from Perseverance, to record their votes. If this is the way the Ministry intend to conduct this eleotion, better do as the Hon. the Premier intimated he wished to do, when he •aid " We want administration not legislation." Why put people to the expense of an election when that election is a huge farce, a big re corded swindle—a voice asked for from the country, and thit voice so drowned and ■mothered as to make it a aarefully prepared lie P Better appoint Palmer Diotator at once. Ii it not enough thatj the 924 electors of Aubigny should haye only one voice in the House of Assembly, whilst a less number of electors in seven squatting constituencies return seven members ? Ia it not enough that this election, which is supposed to result in the true voice of the electors being expressed, should be held at a time of the year when one third of the electors are sure to be away from home? Is it not enough that those who are at home should be bothered with having to make journey after journey, declaration after declaration, and go through ordoal after ordeal in order to obtain their voice—their right to vote ? Are not all these abuses sufficient without making bond fide electors travel miles to vote, whilst polling-plaoes are appointed for ghosts ? Better—far better—appoint Palmer Diotator. One tyrant will do no less harm than thirty. Treed from his greedy followers, and unem barrassed by this beautiful third party asking how many aorea of dummied land he will bid for their support, Palmer may be mer ciful and moderate—he might perhaps be per feotiy satisfied with the fee-eimple of Beaufort. 