MY WIDOW. JONES advised me not to marry her -he said she was too young; and pretty. ' Farnum advised me to bena old' bachelor-told rae a maa past forty eimply made a fool of himself by matrimony. Tewksberry-a man who is notorious for never minding his own businoss-told mo she had had o love affair, with Harry. Birmingham. Allen shook his head, and said Clara Myers might be very pretty, but he liked somebody more maturor and j settled.-' (N/B-Ho married his housokcepçr next week, and sba is mature enough for Methuselah himself.) ' Kverybody thought 1 wns-trying a dangerous experi- ment j but. I didn't pretend to suit everybody, sol simply suited myself. I went quietly to church with Olnra Myers, and .married her one glorious January morning, when the old 'St.'Paul's WOB fringed with glittering icicles, and tho brisk wind was freighted with tho particles of flying snow, like a. battalion of din monde on a double quick. " She was nineteen and I about nine and thirty. She was as beautiful aa a rose bud, with a shy, pretty way, like a timid child, and I am a rough old codger, sound enough at heart, but Uko a winter apple, unpromising on the exterior. . In short, wa are ' as unlike as May and November, and.tbegood natured world shook its head, and Baid : " No good could como of such an unequal match." But she ¡mid she. loved mo, and I believed her. Nobody, could look into Clara's blue oyes and not believe bor, you seo. And the next day I made a will and bequeathed all my property, unconditionally, to my wife. " Aro you Bure you are doing a wiso thing, Mr. Fol liottp"soid Mordyn, tho lawyer, pushing-his blue Bpcctaclos upon his forehead, nntil ho looked like a bald old gnomo, with a double pair of eyes. '"You see sho is very much younger than yourself, and-" '* Pleaso to bo BO kimi ns to mind your own business." said I, brusquely." " Don't be offended, Mardyn, but really peopto seem to anpposo I ara not able to attend to my own affairs " '. Just as you pleaso," Baid Mardyn, in a rago. "I nm a moro tool in your hands." ; .' That's it-exaetly." So I signad tho will and wont home to Clara. " Oh, Paul, yon must not dio V said Clara,1 with a scared look, when I told her what I had dono. "No-, body ovor loved ma ns truly and generously os you have douo, and I don't know what I should do if you woro taken away." - ' " There was young Birmingham, if all reports woro trun-" I mischievously began, but the curl on Clara's lip stopped mo. " A moro butterfly," sho said haughtily "without brains or principle. Paul, Paul, I hava found a Bholter in your truo, loving boort, and I mean to nestle thero always I" And then sho cried-this foolish; soft-hearted little wife of mine. ' ' Jones and TowkBuerry might have called this'poiiey. Farnum wonld have said it was acting. But it was vory pleasant, and I f ole moro than over Uko a man who has found somo precious jewel; and wears it, Uko an amulet en his breaeb. '-. ' . So things wont on until tho firm-of which I was mau-1 aging partner, needed to aendsome ono to! Calcutta to seo after a turbaned scmndrol of. an. agent, ; who had absconded with mora money than wo- could well afford to lose. Morrison WOR old and feeble, Hewitt's wifo lay very ill, BO I wai tho ono to go I kissed Clara good-byo as cheerfully asl could,.fully expecting to bo back in thrco months or so I had to follow tho agent- up into- tho mountains of India, I fell ill of ono of thoso burning elimata fevers in tho bungalow of an old nativa priest, and thc months flow by until it was moro thauayoar boforo I found myself on tho deck of the "Bluo-oyedi Mary," steaming into harbor. '. * And all this timo Clara had noTOr heard a ward from mo. "? . ' ' - I had written to her tn prepare herself for what semed almoat like my rising from tho dead, but I had afterwards found my letters, in the pookot of the neglectful nativo servant who had undertaken to deliver the mails to.tho. Calcutta ol£co. ! " But it don't matter so mnuhnow," I though'-, " sho will be tho more delighted, poor littlo girl I" j And then u cold chill seemed to creep, through my veina, like November's wiml suddenly beating across a bed of flowers. .- . Clara had heard nothing of mo for nearly fifteen monthr. What might not have kopponed ju that timo? What. Tawkshury, and Jonus, und A l'eu, and ull tho other pro- phetic ravens ofuiy acquaintance had said, recurred to my mind like Ufa burden of an uneasy dream. »I hod been counting tbo days, tho vary minutes, until wo should touch a port ; but now that ray feet rangonca more upon' tho pavements ot my nalivc city, I actually dared not go homo. I turned into a restaurant, wbern I had been wont to coin tho days of my. ,bachelorhood, and Bluuk in tho dark corner-tho twilight was jU3t falling and'I was sheltered by. tho partition. - Hush t That was Towksbury's voice, narah nnd jarr- ing, ns of old. " Just what might have boon oxpooted," said Towks bury. "Pretty and young widows don't go begging in this market." - i \- '* Folliott might have known it," growled old Farnum. " Poor ' Foliiott I There wore some good points about him, too. Sad thing that-very sad thing 1"-. " Wo hiUBt ali dio," said Towksbury, gravely. "Yes, but a fellow w«uld naturally profor dying in his bed td being carried off by itu East Indian fever and buried in tho jungles " I shuddered. Had I thea ÇQmo homo to roy own funeral, aa it woro ? . ¡ '. ¿ ni abo's going to marry young Birmingham af ter , all," added Fnrnum. Tho paper dropped from my hand. ''I coold'have told Folliott so when Ifeund ont what a confounded idiotio. will he made," said Tewksbury. "So gold has fallon again ; juit my luck j I sold out tonight." I stayed to hear no more, hut staggered out in the darkness, with the idea whirling through my dizzy brain that my Claro, was mine no longer I It was unquestionable, what Tewksbury had said ; I might have anticipated same such end. She was too young, too lovely for such a rongh old follow os I was. idy widow-what a curious soasationthe words gave mo os I mentally pronounced thom. Under my own windows, with the ruby-red light sbiuning through wiua-colored damask curtains, I stood, feeling ns Rip Vnn Winkle must have felt in the play like a dead mau walking on tho earth once moro Voices and lights were within. I opened the door softly and crept into the ball. Tho drawing-room door was «jar. Clora herself stood . beforo the dre ia deep black robes, with a frill of black crape on her auburn gold trosses -tho awful sign and symbol of her widowhood. Directly opposite stood Harry Birmingham, looking diabolically young and handsome in tho soft light. :: ' '? " Clara, C ara !" he cried, "you surely are not in earnest. Toa will reconsider P" ; "Hy answer is final," she responded. "Tho time might once havo been when I fancied I had a childish liking for you, Harry Birmingham, but that time has long since passed away. I gave my heart to the noblest man that ever breathod -Paul Folliott-and in his grave it is forever buried. ' I loved him once ¡ I shnll love him ou into eternity. , I never was half worthy of him, but-" Anil Clara's voico was. choked with sobs. "My love, my darling-my own precious wife !" fTow 1 eyer got int? the roora-bow I managod tb make Clara comprehend that I was roy own living self, and not a ghost that had ari cn from thu shadow of tho sepulchre! I cannot tell this (lay-neither can she- but I know that young Birmingham somehow disappeared, and I was standing with Clara clamped to my breast, tho Happiest mau that ever breathed God's blcBsed air. For Jones, Tewksbury, Furnum nnd Co., were all wrong, and to uso tho words ot tho orthodox fairy stories, slightly paraphrased, I nnd my widow "lived happy i ever afterwards." 