SCIENCE AND SPIRITUALISM. THE Times has recently had a controversy on Science add Spiritualism. As very little new could be said on the question, pretty much the same statements have been made, and facts, if facts they can b« called, hare cropped up, which hare appeared in controversies on the Mine sub ject in our page*. There also appeared the tame parade authorities, who are said to believe in spiritualism, as hare been paraded again and again —as if ten thousand times as many authorities could not be- paraded, if necessary, against it. Though the controversy, in fact, has been barren of results, we willingly reproduce from the Times the following summary and comment :•• Many sensible readers, we fear, will think we owe them some apology for opening our columns to a controversy on such a subject as spiritualism, and thus treating as an open or debatable ques tion what should rather be dismissed at once as either an imposture or a delusion. But even an imposture may call for unmasking, and popular delusions, however absurd, are often too impor tant to be neglected by the wiser portion of mankind. It is, we suppose, on these grounds we are told that " men of science," instead of treating spiritualism with derision or contempt. ought to study its phenomena with impartial attention,and prepare themselves either toexpose deceit or to acknowledge facts. On the other side, however, it is reasonably argued that be* fore scientific men can be expected to investi gate alleged phenomena, it moat be shown that such phenomena are real enough and extraordi nary enough to deserve enquiry. Thus, in fact, has arisen the question of " Spiritualism v. Science," under which heading we have allowed correspondents of all shades of belief, or dis belief, to relate their experience or state their views. Is there really any case for scientific investigation in this matter ? Would it have been allowable, for instance, to ask Professor Faraday to come and verify himself the mani festations of spiritualism, or would it have been an insult to invite him to any such absurdity? Is there, in reality, anything, as lawyers would say, to go to a jury with • Well, on the other hand, we have abundance of alleged experience which «aa hardly bo called evidence, and a few dispositions of a more notable and impressive character. On the other hand, we have many accounts' of convicted impostors, and many authentic reports of precisely such disappoint* menta or discoveries aa we should be led to expect. What, however, is spiritualism • We ask that important question with little hope of getting a conclusive answer, for our readers will have seen during the last few days how very various are the impressions of spiritualists themselves. Originally, no doubt, as the name itself implies, spiritualism meant a certain deal ing, through some mysterious agencies, with the spirits of the dead, whioh were summoned to , communicate with the living. This is nothing -but the old theory of ghosts and apparitions reduced to a kind of practice, by which spirits, instead of appearing at their own discretion, are raised at will by the call of others. Probably the believers in spiritualism as thus deined do not include many scientific men 1 but other views of the matter have been placed before us. One correspondent is content to observe that he has witnessed phenomena whioh eonld not be attributed to any natural causes. Another expresses his oonviction that certain phenomena are really due to the operation of a force hitherto unsuspected, but entering into the agencies of nature like any other force. As this is, perhaps, the least incredible of all the hypotheses, we may ac well consider it first, especially aa the reader of Lord Lytton's novels wUI recognise in it a familiar and almost attrac tive assumption. It is said, then, that the force of the human will, which can put the fingers of the hand in motion at pleasure, can occasionally and under oertain eiroumstaneea be exerted beyond the limits of the body, atd with such material effect as to move inanimate objects to an extent, at any rate, far exceeding the me chanical force employed. A number of persons being duly gifted, and in a proper state of " cerebration," might thus, we are told, put in motion a heavy diningtable and drive it over a considerable spaoe. Now, we must avow that, for our own part, we do not believe the united " wilb " of all the nine hundred million* of the earth's population eoold ever ba made to move a single wineglass; but the possibility of such a force may be imagined with lees outrage to reason than is involved in certain other , spiritualist theories, and can easily be brought to proof. Of the other alleged phenomena of spiritualism it is difficult to speak with even this amount of gravity. They are for the most part exhibited under conditions either plainly suggestive of imposture, or clearly consistent with delusion. Stipulations for a dark room, concerted ar rangements of furniture, and a company predis posed by credulity to the reception of impres sions are not terms likely to commend themselves to the students of physical science. The pheno mena themselves, too, are mostly incompatible with any serious conception of spiritual revela tions, and at the same time, exactly adapted to the purposes of human operators. Baps given under the table, chairs tossed about the rooms, strange noises, and mysterious movements have been the stock features of all such stories from the days of the Cock-lane Ghost to the present time. Such tricks are easily played, and the manifestations are easily magnified by a credu lous or imaginative mind. When we hear from witnesses neither imaginative nor credulous that they have really heard or seen what they could not tell bow to explain, we may believe them without the least belief in the truth or reality of spiritualism. Exactly the same things have been -aid of Indian jugglers or Egyptian magicians. When again we are told that spiritualism, haying existed for forty years, must have a basis of truth, we can only reply that magic without the least basis of truth-existed and was fully believed in for more than ten times that period. Its theory was perfectly simple, boing founded on the belief, universally prevailing, that the elements were peopled with certain spirits or superhuman natures, which could, by the application of certain laws, be made to per form the bidder's will. Magical art consisted in the mastery of these laws, and the' command consequently attained over the powers of the air, the earth, or the sea. The observance of oertain forms, the burning of certain essences, and the utterance of certain words called the spirit or the "genii" to the presence of *the performer, and it is curious to remark how elaborately the study must have been pursued. The Magician of Oriental tales, before exercising his art in variably consults his " books," and sometimes spends days in the investigation. We laugh at such pretensions now, but they were neither ridiculous nor inoredible in times when the existence of the spirits concerned was never called in question. It was everywhere believed that natures endowed with more than human faoulties were among the beings of the woi Id, and from that conviction to the conception of an art by which they might be controlled the passage was easy. But this doe* not touch the essence of spiritualistic pretensions. We are told either that spirits from the unseen world may be called to communicate with living men and women, or that a force hitherto unknown may be exerted with material effect upon inanimate bodies; and then we are asked why men of scienoe will not apply themselves to the investi gation of such claims. In the controversy which has been raised in our columns due al lowance has, perhaps, not been made for the conditions of the problem; but a sufficient answer to the demand for a scientific enquiry is that the proposals must come in, a less ambigu ous or objectionable shape. The medium must be content with any apartment offered for the purpose, with an unbelieving audience, and with conditions generally devised to prevent even the possibility of deception or misapprehension. The employer of " Psychic Force " must accept similar terms, which, indeed, in his ease, as there can be no " susoeptioilities" involved, should be readily welcomed. We have been warned not to apply the measures of an exact or advanced scienoe to ditooveries possibly just dawning upon, mankind but that advice would befit only an ulterior stage of the enquiry. We cannot be too sceptical, too scrutinising, or too precise in ascertaining facts, though it may be otherwise when we come to explanations. Let us first be positively assured that a spirit has been evoked, or that a dining-taals has been moved by a mere offer* of volition on .'the part of a* operator. When the facts have been once established fteisnas may be fairly called upon to consider their import. : 