CAPTAIN MARRY AT. Frederick Alarryat, says the Alhniceum, was horn in AArestminster, in 171(2. He was of the really illustrious race of, vulgarly so- called, Cockneys, for not only men born within 'tho sound of Bow Bells, but those born within the limits that sound could reach, if universal silence reigned as the bells rang out, are Cockneys. That, at least, is the old tradition. The outline of his life is soon drawn. He went to sea when a mere boy; he left it -when a man in his prime; but he had been in above a hundred engage ments on land and sea. He earned rank and honor by the zealous part he took in the destruction of men, and much praise for having rescued from watery graves almost as many as lie killed. Thus the account was balanced. His novels began with the Naval Officer, which was partly written before he withdrew from active service, and- they closed with those juvenile stories, out of which alone ho made a handsome in come. Books of travel and a profes sional work or two may he included among his literary efforts. Magazine writing he commenced in the first number of the Metropolitan, edited by Cnmphcll, and ren dered ponderous by the insertion of a lecture on Ancient Geography which Campbell had previously road at tho London Institution. Alarryat's contribution was the first part of the Pacha of Aluny Tales. Tho novelist affected the utmost disregard for publishers, and tho most unreserved contempt for critics ; whereby wc may sec that the gal lant captain was no fool at driving a bar gain, and very sensitive as to public judg ment on his hooks. Without ever com pletely cutting himself adrift from literature, lie, in his later years, took to farming, oil his little estate at Langliam, Norfolk, llo tried hard not to be a gentleman farmer, but a real fanner ; and he dressed accord ingly, and looked very like what he wanted to he. Tho result, however, was the usual crop which gentlemen farmers reap / and, amid disappointment and severe affliction, camo ill-health, succes sive ruptures of small blood-vessels, decay, delirium, and death : a.d. 1S-1S. The sailor author was one of fifteen sons and daughters, some of whom besides himself contributed to literature. He, for his part, was an idle troublesome boy, who loved play, could learn easily, and was Hogged continuously. One of his masters once found him standing on his head, book in linnd, in the school room ! "He did so," he said, "because finding it impossible to master his task on his feet, he tried t'other tack !" Ho was for ever running away from school, and was al ways found at or near the sea. II c was al lowed to have his own way, and in 1S0G he was alioat in the Imperieusc. In tliut lighting ship alone tho boy was in fifty engagements. After one bloody affair he was laid out for dead by the side of others between the guns, the fresh sea air blowing over them all. An officer who had not been in the boarding affair, which had. cost so many victims, and who was an enemy of tho lad, looked down on him and said, " Hero's a young cock who has done crowing. AA'ell, for a wonder, this chap has cheated the gal lows ! " Tho fresh air had brought tho "chap," however, to his senses, and Alar- rvat faintly exclaimed, "You're a liar!" Whatever work the Imperieusc had to do, all went well with her if tho day was Sun day. Cochrane called upon his men to face terrible dangers. Death and destruction stared tho crew in the face, hut they smiled, and went oil cheerily if tncy were asked to do impossibilities on a Sunday. No matter what the work, it was done then, and done nobly. In saving men from drowning, Alar ryat more thnn once nearly lost his life. In describing his own experiences of drowning in a rough sea, he said he felt as if he were enclosed in waving green fields, which ap proached nearer and grew greener as his senses gradually forsook him. It was like sinking down overpowered by sleep in the long, soft grass of a cool meadow. On one occasion Alarryat's gig upset ; in which were himself, n middy, and au old hum-boat woman who couhl swim like a fish, but the boy could not. The old woman struck out, and held up. the captain, wiio in vain called on her to leave him and save the boy. " What," cried tho old lady, " hold lip a midshipman when J can save tho life of a captain! Not 1, indeed." There is a good ghost story in the hook, fit' Alarryat's brother Sam appearing to the captain at night, when he hail turned iu, just to say, "Fred; I am dead," an announce ment which, iu course of time, proved to be true; AAre prefer a livelier story of court life at Brighton, when Marryut and his wife were sojourning there, and were among those who were invited to court : — "it was tho custom at tho J'avilion halls for their Alajcsties to receive their guests in an ante-chamber, where the ladies, having kissed the Queen's hand, and been sainted in their turn upon the cheek by the King, were generally en gaged in a few gracious words of conversa tion beforo they passed through to the ball room. These entertainments were usually graced by the presence of some of the F ; and AAr F 's favorite and elegant expression, when waiting to escort the ladies of his acquaintance to the hnll- room, of 'Has dad bussed you yet?' was as good au evidence of his royal paternity as he could wish to carry about the world with him." Alarryat was no favorite with the "sailor-king," The captain had written against the iin- p'ressment of seamen, and, in those days, such an act was next to high treason — at least, when a naval captain wrote, and a sailor king reigned. As a candidate for Parliament Alarryat was unsuccessful. Ho would not declare himself unreservedly hostile to flogging. An elector of the Tower Hamlets put the question to him ; and Alarryat replied that if the elector or his sons, to whom he had alluded as of an ago for the sea. should ever come under his (Alarryat's) command, and deserve a Hogging, lie would order it without hesitation ! No wonder the Tower Hamlets declined to bo represented by him ! 