PUBLISHED DAILY. FRIDAY, APRIL 25, 1873. WE have not been much troubled by what Mr. DISRAELI calls the vagrant rhetoric of the recess. Members have been unusually reticent ; we suppose because they have really so little to say, and because the future is so uncertain. Beyond a general expression of confidence in the Ministry, j its supporters could discreetly only indulge in vague generalities, for the measures of the late session were translated from the Opposition benches, and the recess has not been productive of achievements which will bear much talking about. Anti as to the Opposition, we infer from the circumstances I which attended the close of the Assembly that the utterances of honorable members would be simply of individual opinion. In a Parliament like ours, the key to an Opposition course is generally to be found in the Ministerial programme ; as to policy, we suppose everybody knows what a liberal I one is supposed to and ought to include. And were those things not so, the extreme probability of nothing being done in the coming session beyond the due preparation for a just and necessary dissolution, renders it less likely that I outside deliverances would tend much to the edification of the constituencies. Nor are we to forget that a member of the Assembly would now be very much puzzled as to what constituency he was really addressing. On local measures and local interests, which unfortunately in the present constitution of our administrative procedure claim so large a share of parliamentary attention, he could at best -porcoiTO here a divided duty. On general ones he could run the risk of an Israelitish sort of position, which might tend to his individuality in the public eye, but would hardly add to his usefulness as a member of a politician And perhaps silence is not the least desirable course where there is nothing to say The anomalous position of the Assembly is indeed one which necessitates an early dissolution Members with half or frac- tional constituencies, and constituencies without members, and a full House still sitting, present complications for which no precedent can be found in English constitutional history Australia has furnished many novelties, but none greater than the Parliamentary condition of the Legislative Assembly at the present time Its main bessie the ghosts of past representatives The life which gave them vitality is no more Their constituencies don't exist, and except to vacate their places for the entrance of real and rightfully elected successors, they have not more than a titular claim to their seats. Some few matters of business almost of routine- they may per- force he compelled to transact, but beyond that their own self- respect should tell them they ought not to go. When the candidates for election come before the new con- stituencies we may expect that those who have sat for the old ones will be full and explicit as to their views, their connec- tions, and their proposed plans. Until then we could feel little real interest in anything they said. The past we know. What the future as to the coming session should be we also know. Beyond those two limits the promises of members would have no validity, their assurances little value ; our reversionary interest in the contingent performances of gentlemen who might never be in a position to do anything would be of the slightest possible kind. Apart from the pleasure of hearing a clover speech by whosoever was able to make one, it would not be worth while walking twenty yards to hear what they had to say. . But while we may admit the propriety of reticence in the existing condition of political affairs, we are not prepared to also admit that an indolent waiting for whatever may turn up in the next Parliament would be justifiable in either the members of the present one or the constituencies whose support they may solicit. There are very many subjects upon which legislation will be absolutely necessary whenever the Legislature is in a constitutional position to proceed with it. We need not recapitulate them ; they will present themselves in quantity to any one who will take the trouble to think upon the subject. What will not be so immediately clear is the preparation that is required before they can be adequately considered. Four-fifths of the proposed enact- ments of colonial Parliaments come to grief because of the flash in the pan method of their introduction and discussion. Men hurry on a bill without thinking of its relation to existing law, and others jump up and join in its discussion, not because they, have something to say, but because their seat gives them the privilege of talking. Applying the language of a great master in political science, we may remind both electors and elected that before dealing with any of the varied subjects that come properly before a deliberative assembly, they should consider what kind of knowledge is required to ensure an adequate and beneficial result that they should proceed on principles of research to put them in possession of their matter, principles of method to regulate it, and on principles in the human mind and in civil affairs to secure and perpetuate the operation of their laws for most mischievous without these, and sometimes in spite of them, are the influences of opinion, fancy, inclination, and will in the affairs of Government, where only a sovereign reason, paramount to all forms of legislation and administration, should dictate. Government is made for the very purpose of opposing that reason to will and caprice in the reformers or the reformed, in the governors or in the governed, in kings, in senate, or in people." There are, for instance, two principal matters which will or should occupy the public mind prior to the meeting of the new Parliament as preliminary to most of those which will come under its consideration. The first is, the method of providing for the future enlargement of the Assembly as the constituencies grow beyond their existing proportions. When we remember that the difficulties arising from the want of a recognized legal principle of adjust- ment in this matter delayed all valuable legislation for six years in this colony, our reason should tell us that it is absolutely necessary to good Government that such a provision should be made. The second is the best and most self expanding form of local administration in the public expenditure as respects local objects. We have seen year by year ever since the colony became one, how the public interests have been postponed to satisfy the local wants, whose exponents had secured an accidental pre- ponderance in the general Legislature. We have also been familiarised with discontent and grievance arising from an unfair, or supposedly unfair, distribution of the public expenditure, as resulting from that preponderance. Now what is wanted is, not a temporary removal of an effective cause, but a system which shall once and for all prevent its operation. The problem is not an easy one to solve. No mere shibboleth or phrase mongering will avail in the solution. They who attempt it must think, and think soundly ; arrive at definite conclusions, and be able to give reasons for the faith that is in them. And on both these subjects, as well as on others we need not name, it is for the electors to prepare themselves, so that they may be competent in some measure to appreciate the plans that may be laid before them, A non-intelligent people engender a foolish Legislature-an ill-informed one, an uncertain Government for however much may be conceded to philosophers and statesmen as individuals, administrators have to dress themselves by public opinion, and by its reflection in great measure they are guided, It is necessary that consideration should go to its forming for in public as well as in private affairs not one half the evils that beset mankind spring so much from a set purpose of evil, as from an indolent acquiescence, or a mere indolent want of thought. AT the ordinary weekly meeting of the Brisbane Hospital Committee, held yesterday afternoon in the board room, Mr Hubbard took the chair, and the Rev. Dr Cam and Mr Macpherson were present Only the routine business was transacted The Resident Surgeon's report for the past week, ending April 24, was as follows Indoor patients remaining last week, 00, received during the week, 15, discharged, 9 , died 3 (on April 18, Francis Field, aged 36, late of Maryborough, from aneurism on April 24, Ann Millard, aged 49, late of Brisbane, from brain disease, on April 23, Juno Smith, aged 36, late of Brisbane, from fever), total in hospital, 109 , remaining, 07 ; out-door patients on list, 93, in attend once during the week, 34, Visiting surgeon for ensuing M cok, Dr O'Doherty THE Brisbane settling on the late Randwick Races takes place at the Australian Hotel to-morrow evening 