TRIFLES OF WIT AND HUMOR Men of Letters—Postmen and printers. Turf Affectation—Ossification of the heart. A Clean Sweep—A well-washed one. A Post under Government—A telegraph post Tailor's Revenge—Giving a cutomer fata. What part of speech is kianng ?—A conjunc tion. The gentleman who took the chair m not arrested for larceny. Hay a turkey be said to be a ghost when it's a-goblin 1 ? The Moat Modest Thing in Creation—The re tiring tide. Items of Interest—Announcement of divi dends. What no Dairyman ean Adulterate—The tiiiilr of hnman kindness. To Dkhtibtp.—lf a Bedouin should lose his teeth, would he talk gum Arabic? What is the difference between bayonets and bullets? Bayonets are driren, but bullets are lead. A dog with two tub was seen in Tannton tjhe other day. One belonged to an ox, and isi oarried in the dog's mouth. Anticipating the death of Bdgham Young, a Louisville merchant wants the contract to supply his family with crape and bombazine. A missing man was lately advertised for and described aa having a Boman nose. He won't be found; such a nose as that will never "turn no," There are two eventful periods in the life of a woman—one when she wonders whom she will marry: the other, when she wonders who will marry her. Mra. Wheat, of —. has just been married, and the nearest editor hopes her future pathway maybe flowery, and that *he may sever be thrashed by her husband.— American paper. The Queen's Bench may be denned as toe place where a farthing's worth of justice is pur-, chased with a guinea's worth of law. There is only one thing las profitable than suing people, and that is going their security. "No, K&therine;," saia Patrick to hiawife, '' yon never catch a falsehood coming out of my mouth." " You may weU say that," replied Kate, "they Hr out u fast Oat nobody ean catch'em." " John Oratnsiger, ef Louisville," say* a paper published in tfaat city, "took down am old musket and shot at a turkey. The charge Went out at the wrong end of the gro, and Hr. Gtatreiget wai swept up on a dust pin." A Daobary yonth, who «obM not sing or play, wanting to ■arwnade his lady-love, | whistled for half an hour under her window the j other evening, asd when he cot over the fence ha found about seventy-five dogs waiting to see what ke wanted. The most polished man in New York Just new is a dry-goods merehant whose wife under took to bathe him aQ over with balsam for the rheumatism. After Out job was well done she looked at the label of the bottle, and found it was furniture polish she had been using. Ban Pbachob, —The shooting galleries in Paris have multiplied rapidly of late, and all are wdl patronised. The invariable target is a Prussian soldier with a chimney dock clasped to his bosom. That b rather safe prac tiee. Some time ago the desire to short the Prussian soldier was attended by disagreeable oonseqnanees. A Norfolk fanner, not accustomed to literary composition or letter-writing, having lost a aew hat at a country meeting, and enquired into ita having possibly been taken by mistake, ad dressed tin following note to its supposed pos sessor :— ** Mr, A. presents his csmpfimenti to Mr. B.; Ihave got a hat which is not his: If he have got a hat which is sot yours, no doubt thev are the mining one." Habd oh New Yobk.—At the trial of a burglar in Hew York it became necessary to ■wear a Chinaman as a witness. The question arose as to whether he understood Che nature of an oath. "Ask him what he thinks will become of him if he takes a false oath," said the Judge. The interpreter, after a dialogue with the witness, replied, "He says he could not go back to China, and would have to stay in New York all the timer The Court con cluded that with such ma impulse to veracity hemigbt safely be sworn, and he was sworn aooordingly. Several yean ago a dinner was given to a man of the name of Kick Denton, who Was division engineer on the Illinois Central Railway. A man named Jack Wallace gate aa a taaat :-^! •' The Two Nicks-Old Nick and Niek Beaton." I Tha table came down with a clatter. Nkk j arose, as grave ■■ a judge, and when the Boise had subsided he sud that he fully appreciated the heaor conferred on him in connection wife Jack's most intimate friend. He hardly knew how to requite the kindness, but, as one good torn dtwni icwl another, he would give :—" The Two Jacks Jank Wallace and Jackass V Jack collapsed, and she company went into hysterics. Some one who pretends to knowaays—^'Dont talk about 'going to woik'to win the affections of a woman; it cant be done in that way. The more yon go to work the more she won't Eke you. Push her into a dusk pond and pun her out by the hair. If you are afraid to do this, jump in yourself and let her pull yon out. Lend her money; borrow some from her. Make her believe aha has deeply wronged you, and then forgive her. Deeply wrong her, and dent ask to be forgiven. In short, contrive either to lay her under a lasting obligation to yen, or io lay yourself under a lasting obligation to her. It does not make the dUFersatee of a head less pin which, ao far as concerns the result" Webb*,—Where is the railwaypaasenger who, when he leaves the train, is«o unoommonly poUte as to shut the door after hunt Wberais the publia orator who ean ever keep hh promise to say "a."tew words onlyf Where is the organ fiend who will more off from your door withoat your fetching a policeman? Where la the builder who sever lets bis bill exceed his given estimate? Where is the barber who can' manage to eontent himself by cutting your hair simply, without wmH?g any oattingobaervations onitascantHim? And lastly, where is the young lady who can pack her 'own boxes, and not leave half her " things" behind her? BooK-CAHVABaiHo "TBaUaD?sa."—An at tempt was made to kill a book-agent in Omaha (Nebraska) a few weeks back. He was robbed, thrown into the river, knocked off the oars, tossed from a high bridge into the river again, and in two hours was round again with a well known illustrated Bible, trying to seta sub scription from the head of the attacking party. An equally good story i* toM of one of the pra vassers of a leading publishing firm in London. He found his way into the pador of a branch bank, and saw the manager, who, as s?n aa he learned his businsea, ordered him out Very quietly he said, "I meet with so many gentlemen in the course of the week that I can afford to meet a snob occasionally, and walked out. Next day he cilled at the Bank again, and wished to open an account. He was again shown in to the manager, and gave very satisfietory reasons for opening the account, and deposited £270. The manager could not do less than apologise for his rudeness on the day preceding, and orderada oopy of the work, an expensive one, and allowed access to (he cletks, several of whom did the same. Two days afterwards every farthing was drawn out. 