THE WINDO W. BREAKER DIS- COVERED. - The Coitritr reports that the perpetrator of the mysterious window smashing which caused so much sensation in Ballarat East on Saturday aud Sunday last has been dis covered. The servant girl, Percifone Jouvn, attended the Eastern. Court on Monday morning, either out of curiosity or as a wit ness in the ease of Margaret Clarke, wiio was lined for breaking a window in the house noxt door to Pcnhalluriaek's. Before the girl took her departure from the court, she was interrogated by Sergeant Lamer us to the window- breaking in her master's house. She gave very shifty answers, and appeared uneasy in her manner, and seemed glad to escape tlio cross'-oxaraination to which sire was subjected, Imt stoutly asseverated that she was ignorant of who was to blame. Suspi cion, however, had fallen upon her, and detec tive Hylaiul paid a visit to the house, in her absence tbe dress she wore on the Saturday was searched, aud some water-ivorn pieces of quartz or small pebbles, similar to those which had caused so much mischief, were found in the pockets of the dress. On her return she was interviewed by Hyland, and after considerable hesitation and much pre varication, she admitted that she "just broke two of the panes out of a lark I " Shortly afterwards Sergeant Larner arrived, and on Penhalluriack's promise that he would not appear against her to prosecute, she made a clean breast of it to the sergeant, anil said that she smashed the whole of the windows, without the aid of an accomplice. Sire only did it for fun, she said ; but a re mark, which she had previously passed to one of tbe children leads to the belief that she had a far more serious motive. It ap pears that she was very uncomfortable whilst Larner was in tlie house on Sundny night, and told Mrs. Thomas that she "wished ho would take his eyes off her." Directly the house. door closed upon him when he left the premises, there was another demonstra tion. A stone came llying across tbe room in which Peiihalluriaek was seated with two neighbors. The girl was passing into the adjoining room at the moment, but she stopped to say, " There's another of 'em;" and sure enough there was another, but uobody could tell ' from what direction the peffblc came. However, from that moment she was closely watched ; and shortly after wards she told FeQhulluriack that lie could go to bed, as she was sure 110 more stones would be thrown that night ! After her confession, the girl was taken to her own home by her mother. Her father is a Greek, following tlie occupation of a miner, and is not at present ill Ballarat. During Sunday and Monday hundreds of people visited the house where the alleged ghost was carrying on such mad pranks, and there was consi derable excitement in tbe neighborhood. 