To the Hitter End, BY MISS BEABDON. ' Would you like to see the church, sir ?' lie inquired. ?'£-»; I don'f care about churches. Have you been about here all the morning ?' ' Yes sir j in and out, on and off. ' There's been a man here ; a man who brought some flowers to lay upon one of tbe graves. ' Like enough, sir. There s many as bnnga flowers ; that's the beauty of t! is place ; no body ever interferes with 'em, the children never lays a finger on 'em.' ' You haven't seen any stranger, then this morning ?'' ? ' Well, yes ; there was a gentleman I met, coming out of this here rate, like as I meet you now this minute, abova an hour ago.' ' Yon didnt know him ?'' ' Not to call to mind his name ; but I know his face well enough. He's got somebody buried with us, I make no doubt.' ' Does he come here often ?' ' Not as I know of. 1 took the liberty to wish him good-morning ; but he only made answer by a nod, and walked off before 1 could ask him if he'd like to see the church.' ' Look here,' said Richard Redmayne, with hia hand in his pocket. ' Here's half a crown for you. Tell me what the man was like, as close as you can, and 1 11 make it five shil lings.' He tossed the coin to the sexton, whose shriv ' Lor a-mussy, sir, 'I wish I were a better hand at that sort o' work. The gentleman was tall and dark, with his eyebrows marked very strong, like, givin' him rather a fierce look. His face looked to me as if it were made of wrought iron ; but he was a personal sort of man for all that, and quite the gentleman.' 'That will do,' said Richard fiedmayne, throwing him a second half-crown. ' If ever that man cornea this way again, you get some one to follow him, and if you find out where he goes, and where he lives, I'll give you a five pound note. Remember that.' ' Lor, sir, its a thing as 1 never did in all my born days,' cried the sexton, gazing at Rick Bedmayne with an awe-stricken countenance ; ' you bain't one of these here perlice orcif ers in plain clothes, be ye P' ' Never mind what I am ; you do what I tell you, and earn a five-pound note. You can tele graph to me at this address when you find out what I wont to know, and you shall have your money by return of post,' Rick Redmayne wrote his address on a page of his pocket-book and tore out the leaf, which he handed to the sexton. ' I am as willing as any one in Eetheridge to earn a honest penny, sir ; but f ollerin' any one do seem bo out of the way and under'and Uke. Oertingly, there's my grandson Thomas m eharp a lad as ever any one need wish to see, and as fleet-footed, he might foller any gentle man afoot or a-horseback, and 1 don't believe as he'd be left behind ; and a rave artful lad too, and an uncommon favourite with our par- - son ! Lor, how he do give out the responses J in the psalms ; you might a' most hear him out here— that sharp and shrill !'' i ' Find out where this man liveB, and earn ' your money,' said Mr. Redmayne. ' Don't lose that bit of paper with the address. Good- ' day.' He \T;-.lIrcd away rapidly, leaving the sexton pondering, and scratching his head with a puzzled air. ; ' As to artfulness,' he muttered to himself ; with an inward chuckle ; ' if it comes to that, our Thomas might get his livin' by follering,' but I don't know what parson would say to 1 it. Hovrsumdever, there s no call for him to know.' Chapter xxix. A EECOVEltED TBBA8UEE. clichard Redmayne went back to Brierwood after his visit to Hetheridge churchyard, and the dreary days went on. A ghost pacing those garden wrlks, or loitering uuder the old cedar, could hardly have been a more dismal figure than the farmer, with his listless gait and hag gard face, unshaven chin and slovenly attire. He was waiting idly for his agents in London to do somethiog; speculating on the possibility ?of discovering his enemy by the intervention of the sexton — a, oreary business altogether ; his land in other hands, no work to be done, no interest in the young green corn, no care, no -hope; his whole being consumed by one fatal passion— more constant, than love, more bitter than jealously. He had not spoken to John Wort since that night when he burst in upon the agent in his little offine, — sudden and violent as a thunder bolt. The two men a voided each other. Mr. Wort had his own reasons for that avoidance and Aichard Redmayne shrank from all companion ? ship. He smoked all day long, drank more than he had been used to drink in the old days, and paced the weedy gravel path, or lay at full length under the cedar, lost in gloomy thought. If he had needed any external influence to sharpen his sense of loss, the familiar home, once so happy and now so desolate, would have furnished that influence ; every flower in the garden, every petty trifle in the house, where all things were old and familiar, was in some wise associated with hi3 daughter. He could not have felt her death more intensely if he had spent his days and nights bet lie her grave. The longest day -had dragged its slow length along, and the corn was beginning to change oolour, when, after some weeks of sultry and oppressive weather, there came a great storm ? One of those tempests which spread consterna tion over all the country side, lillinc the souls of farmers with hideous visions of beaten corn and lightning-struck cattle, and which people talk of and remember for the rest of the year. It was on a Sunday evening, just after church time, when the first thunder-peal roared hoarse ly among the distant hills, and the first vivid flash of forked lightning zigzagged across tbe lowleaden sky. itichard Redmayne was sitting ander the cedar, smoking, as usual, with an unread Sunday paper lying on his knee, and his eyes fixed dreamily on the line of poplars that rose above the garden walL He was not afraid o£ a little thunder and lightning, and sat for a couple of hours, after this first swelling chord in the tempestuous symphony, watching the progress of the storm with a gloomy delight in its awful grandeur, with almost a sense of re lief in this sadden awakening of earth and sky from their summer silence, as if his own slug gish heart were stirred and lightened a little by the storm. It was only when the rain began to fall in torrents, and Mrs. Bush came out, dripping like a rustic naiad, under a dilapidated cotton umbrella, to entreat him piteonsly to come in doord, that he roused himself from that morbid sympathy with the elements, and rose from hiB bench under the cedar, stretching himself, and looking round him half bewildered. ' It's that dark as you can't see your haud before you, Mr. Redmayne, between whiles, and that vivid when it lightens as you can dis tinguish every leaf on the trees, and to think of you sitting here all the time ! My good man says as how.you muat have gone to Kingaburv village. I've been That fidgety about you, I didn t know what to do; so at last J says to my °am\ *f L Sets wet to the bone, I'll go and see :f be e in tuy garden and as soon as f come to the edge of the grass, which is like a bog, it iifihtisca j\\.st, in my eyes like, and I see you sating here like a statter. You'll be u lucky mail, Mr. Redmayne, if you are- not laid np with the rheumaticks along of this night s work.' ' A few drops.of rain won't hurt me, Mm. Bush ; but I'll come indoors, if you like. The storm is worth watching ; but 1 reckon it will be bad for Davia's corn. It's lucky the hops are no forwarder.' Davis was the tenant, for irhom Mr. Redmayne had &ome; natural com passion, as became a man whose interests and desires had once been bounded by those hedge rows. He went indoors to oblige Mrs. Bush, but would Hot allow the garden door to be barred that night, and sat up long after the house keeper and her husband had gone to their roost in their garret — till the tempest was over, and the suu was shining on the sodden trees and beaten,flower-beds, and the birds were twittering in the calm morning air, as in the overture to Wiliiam Tell. He walked round the' garden, looking idly at the ruin of roses and ,as Mine, carnations and lavender bushes, before he went upstairs to his room. It was late when he came down to his soli tary breakfast, and the countenance of Mrs. Bush was solemn with the weight of a startling communication when she brought him his dish of eggs and bacon. ' Such a calamity, Mr. Redmayne,'' ate ex claimed ; '? I felt certain sure as the storm would do some damage; and it have. Mr. Davis have had a fine young heifer struck dead and the pollard beach in Martinmas field is 'blown down ' ' The old pollard beech !' cried Richard ,- the tree my mother was so fond of, — and Grace too. I'm sorry for that.' Mrs. Bush shook her head in a dismal way, and sighed plaintively. He so rarely mention ed bis daughter, although she was bursting with sympathy. ' And so she was, Mr. Redmayne, poor dear love — uncommon fond of Martinmas field and thet old tree. I've seen her take her book, or her fancy work up there many an afternoon, when you was in foreign parts. ' I'm tired of the garden, Mrs. Bush,' she'd say; ' I think I'll go up to Martinmas field, and sit a-bit.' ' And 1 used to say, ' Do, Miss Gracey ; you look to want a blow of fresh air ' for she was very pale that last autumn before we lost her poor dear. And when the hop-picking waa about, she'd sit under the pollard beech talking to the children, no matter how dirty nor how ragged, she was that gentle with 'em. It was enough to bring the tears into your eyes to see her,' 'I'm sorry the old beech is gone,' said Richard thoughtfully. Be remembered a tea drinking they had had by that tree one mild afternoon in the hop-harvest, and Grace sing ing her simple ballads to them afterwards by the light of the. hunter's moon. What a changed world it was without her ! 