TOWN POLICE COURT . Thursday, 3rd Jlxt. (Before Mr Gaunt, P.M. : and Mr Humffray, J.P.) Drunk. — Three drunkards were brought up, and dealt with. The Ghost. — Percifone Jouva pleaded guilty to a charge of breaking twenty-four panes of glass, the property of John Penhallurick. The prosecutor was put into the witness-box, and said that he had promised the girl, and any one else, if they would tell who broke the windows no prosecution would he instituted. Mr Superintendent Hill said it was the police that had taken action in the matter. Mr Gaunt pointed out that the law was very strict where the slightest title of promise or threat had been made. The prosecutor said the girl ought to be put somewhere where there was no glass. Mr HjII said the affair was a serious one, as a sick woman might have been injured by the girl's con duct. Mr. Gaunt said he had no doubt of that, but the girl was very penitent now, and the pro- mise of no prosecution had been made. She was fined Is, 30s damages ; in default, distress.. A Boy in TitornLE. — Hector McNeill, a rough- looking boy, fourteen veers of "age, was charged with having stolen a purse containing L13 in notes and a /ieposit -rcccipt for L90,. tlie property of : Samuel Robinson. Of the amount iu the purse Lit had been recovered. Hie father of -tlie lad appeared, and admitted that his son liad stolen articles from 'him before: Mr Gaunt said the best thing to do was to send him to the training ship, and accordingly ordered him to be sent f!iere:for tliree years, after 1ie;had completed six hours in gaol. Tlie father was ordered to pay 2s 6d a week. Cause iJSTy — Folice v .Francis, neglecting to clean her private yard; fined 20s and costs. — Same t Rebecca Murray, similar offence ; fined 20s. — Same v Catherine Fox, allowing a -cow to wander; fined 5s. os costs. — Stringer v Edwards. Mr Pur- cell for defendant. Fresh summons to issue, without costs. — Shepherd v Bond, having an unregistered dog in his possession; fined 5s. costs 5s. — Same r James Burrouglt, like offence ; fined : 5s, costs. 5s. — Same v Morris, similar offence ; ad journed till the 7th. — Same v Benjamin Gorton, .. like offence ; fined os, 5s costs. — Same v Nichols, similar offence ; fined 5s, 5s costs. — North v Morton 8s I4d ; order and costs. The court then adjourned, r 