HUNTING A SHADOW. BY M. E. K. CHAPTER XIX. AFTER the affair of the man Saunders had been set at rest, Lady Lorimer professed herself entirely converted to Viotonne. Whether the dim vision of the earl in the background, or the charm of Victorine'e suavity of manners and personal attractions, or both combined, brought about this state of things, no one know. Cor. tain it is, the dowager patronised her in a manner that would, from its very excess, have been offensive to any one but Victorine, in whose breast policy reigned supreme. Her ladyship lavished upon her the most unusual favors, took her out in the carriage every day, held the most confidential conversations with her, over ruled even her marriage trousseau, and made the most unblushing alterations. It was " My dearest Victorine " at every turn ; Lady Lorimer professed to treat her as a daughter But all this, however pleasing, would have gone for nothing with Viotonne, if some substantial good had not come of it, and one day a mine of gold seemed to turn up under her feet After sundry reasonings of Lord Wilcox and the dowager together, it was announced to Vic- torine, as her ladyship's will and pleasure, from which there was no appeal, that the wedding should take place at Oak Park, on her birthday, that the circle of guests should be enlarged for the occasion, and Mr a. Ferrars invited to join the party as soon as he conveniently could. Victorine made at first a show of resistance, disclaiming her right to such extraordinary favor, and a number of little scenes took place between her and the dowager to that effect. But Lady Lorimer insisted on carrying out her plan. It was to be hoped Sir Harry would be home in time, since, in default of near relatives, he was to give away the bride. Lady Henrietta and a group of high bom damsels were to be the bridesmaids, the tenantry were to have a feast, there were no bounds to the magnitude of her ladyship's programme Only one clause in it diBploasod Victorine For was she not at the zenith of her prosperity ? Lord Wilcox at her feet, patronised by the dowager wealth, rank, all the glory of the world given her in exchange for her broken faith to Arthur. No sUCCesS could be more complete. But still the clause struck to her heart with a vague terror-" It is to be hoped Sir Harry will be home." She would have given half for glory to prevent that hope being far killed Victorine dreaded Sir Harry beyond measure. Even to look at his picture made her uneasy. His clear, penetrating eye seemed to search her out It was a noble faco-open as the day sternly truthful. She had never seen the original, but she lay awake many a night, tortured by the dread least it should suddenly appear, a mar plot to involve her in confusion. Still, he might not come in time. There was a doubt, and she breathed more freely. His presence afterwards she should not care for. She and Lord Wilcox would be taking their wedding tour ; there would be a hundred chances in her favor then. It was rather difficult to play her part skilfully, and to keep clear of the pitfalls that lay around her. The dowager would be satisfied with nothing but absolute vasBalago. Anything short of this would not answer, and Victoria had to yield it, in spite of risking Lady Henri- letters contempt. She would have the dowager and Lady Homiotta, too, if she could; but, under all circumstances, the dowager. Every moment that she was off duty with the one was spent in trying to conciliate the others on quiring after the poor people in the village taking credit to herself for the emancipation of Sanders - making ample profession for the future " You know, my dear Honnetto, that I shall have it then in my power to do so much. We will work together in those days, will we not ?" They were walking in the pork, and Lady Henrietta appeared to be looking steadfastly at something, and did not seem prepared to reply. At length, on Victorine repeating her observa- tion, she said, turning quickly round upon her, " Will you come with me, now I am going to the village I wish you would." "Thank you, not to-day, replied Victorine. " I should hardly venture so far, and Lady Lorimer seems not to like it. I cannot run counter to his prejudices, when I am actually staying under her roof." " Victorine, if I were you, I would not cringe to Lady Lorimer. I would not'" ropes Henrietta, impetuously. " I would up and speak for myself. Think what letters you are forging for yourself!" " You forgot," replied Victorine, with on air of great modesty, " that my position in the family--" " Nonsense '" said Henrietta. " I beg your pardon for interrupting you, but it is nonsense. If you took your proper stand, no one could help but acknowledge your right to it. It is where you put yourself, not where society chooses to imagine you " " Still, when you consider Lady Lonmer'B petition, said Victorine, gently, " and her natural wish that your brother should make an equal marriage, I must own that she has treated me with remarkable condescension." "Oh, how I hate that word I" cried Henrietta, topping her cars. " Please never use it again. Have you no pride, Victorine ? Not any at all?" "I was always taught to consider pride an evil, and humility a virtue," replied Victorine, smiling. a ' Well, I am proud I confess it, and BO IS Francis Though, just now, he is too much in love to be anything. We have never knocked under to Lady Lorimer in our lives, and never shall And Sir HaMy-oh, Victorine' he is coming home to- day." And Lady Henrietta turned to her companion her face rosy as the dawn Coming home to-day I Victorine staggered under the blow, and felt it through her whole being It caused a momentary suspension of her energies. But she recovered with a desperate effort, and said in a tone of indifference, " Oh, indeed '" "Do not speak SO coldly, Victorine," cried Lady Henrietta, reproachfully. " It is an era in my life So much depends upon it." " I thought he was engaged," REid Victorine, la a calm measured tone. " No, he is not," replied Henrietta, " I was mistaken. We all have our romance. I have mine, and he has his. He has been attached for years to such a beautiful woman, the most beautiful woman I ever saw ! I dare not hold my head up before her. All the royalty on earth could not bear me down as she does, for she is a poetess and everything else besides. And I I have loved him ever since we were children together, for we were like brother and sister together And I think he would have returned my love, but for his goddess, as he called her. But the goddess will not have him So perhaps-" and Lady Henrietta paused Victorine did not immediately reply, and when she did, it was like some one speaking in a dream 1 So perhaps your knight errant may return I wish it might be so " Ah, I love him SO faithfully," returned Henrietta, putting her arm in Victorino'e and looking eagerly into her face, " it is but natural, he is so good, SO noble, and we have been thrown so much together I am glad you will see him, Victorine You must love him for my sake ' You cannot help loving him " What and make Lord Wilcox jealous ? ' said Victorine, laughing Poor Victorine an hour later she sat before her glass laying on the rough with a practised finger, her hand trembling, and her heart dis- tracted by vague apprehensions Lady Henrietta, meanwhile, beaming with ingenuous delight, was smoothing her tangled hair, and, for the first time since her arrival at Oak Park, making herself thoroughly present able CHAPTER XX EVERY woman is indebted to dress who does not outrage its proprieties, and when Lady Henrietta emerged from her toilette, simply and gracefully attired, and all the little in con great loss hurmoniBsd, she looked a different being, if we may not positively assert that she was handsome When Victorian entered the drawing room, some one was standing behind the dowager's sofa talking to her. The dowager TOBO, when she perceived her favourite, and said with much condescension, " Allow me to introduce my son to you, Miss Ferrars " Victorine curtsied, and Sir Harry bowed He was the model of an English gentleman, courteous, manly, generous, he had all the virtues one could wish He was handsome, but too much like his picture to attract Vic tone She would have escaped to the further end of the room, but for the dowager, who was not disposed to loose the thousand and one attentions to which her protegee had accuse tomed her There was a knot of persons round the sofa Lork Wilcox lounging on the back of it, and Victorine in what Lady Hounotta called the chair of her humility Sir Harry was talking of art, and the different picture galleries he had visited, and the sketches he had made, when he suddenly paused, and turning to his mother said, " But where is Mr Leslie P Why have you not asked him OB I begged you would, in my last letters " Mr Leslie is no particular favourite of mine, ' said the dowager, Btifly " But he ought to be I saw several of his pictures abroad, one in particular that attracted great attention , it was the portrait of-o[ Constance Clairville," said Sir Harry, hesitating Victorine sat motionless, her rogue saved her from observation " Mr Linwood !" exclaimed Lord Wilcox from behind the seen "Why, that is the maniac !" " Maniac ! Oh no, you are mistaken ' ' said Sir Harry, hastily. "He has been in a lunatic asylum, however," cried Lord Wilcox, " and time he was shut up somewhere I tell you he has been raging mad, rolling his eyes, and tearing about, upsetting carriages, and doing all kinds of mischief Victorine knows it, did he not, Victorine? " But not my Mr LOBIIO," said Sir Harry, laughing " He was a painter, though, who pointed pictures I saw him painting one myself," per Bistod Lord Wilcox " No ! surely '" and Sir Harry looked from one to the other, " is it SO, MISS Ferrars?" "You must not talk of him before Miss Ferrars," said Lord Wilcox, coming round, and drawing Sir Harry on one side " She is frightened to death at him He made out that she was going to marry him, and you have no idea how violent he was Ask Dr Bowdler, he will tell you But pray don't mention his name any more to night " Sir Harry looked perfectly aghast ' I must have the matter cleared up," he replied firmly " Arthur and I have been in correspondence ever since I left home, and his letters are OF same as mine There must be some mistake " " No, there is not," said Lord Wilcox " He has a monomania, Victorine told me, he was always staying at her house, and the mad fit went off and on Dr Bowdler has him, but he can do nothing with him For heaven's sake don't bring him here ' ' Monomania1-mad fit lunatic asylum' Dr Bowdler' Sir Harry was bewildered, and stood lost in wonder But he soon struck on a due that he fancied would lead him out of the labyrinth It was evidently either a mistake of identity, or a false report, set on foot by on enemy He would like to have gone to Arthur then and there, for his heart and the heart of his friend were knit together But dinner was announced, and he had to hand Viotonne down stairs, Lord Wilcox taking the dowager, and nothing else would be done or thought of So Sir Harry had to postpone his enquiries until the morrow To poor Grace, Arthur's enforced confine- ment was a great affliction , there was no deny ing it, the separation was truly heartrending For some weeks she abandoned herself to utter despair, wept, and was passive But at the expiration of that time her healthy, active nature I caused a reaction. She took her maids by surprise, broke up the unwonted quiet of the kitchen, and came out, in all her housewifery powers, as vigorous as ever It was astonishing what a world of consolation She created for her self And then, feeling wholly unfettered, and her horizon without a limit a daring but delightful thought suggested itself to her How she jumped at the idea She could carry her broomE and her brushes right into the inner sanctuary She could clean Arthur's study Yes, clean it thoroughly She might never have the opportunity again, and it wanted it so dreadfully Arthur might never have been ill if he had let her have the ceiling white washed, and the floor scrubbed. There was a magical charm to Grace in soap and water How she should enjoy it. To be sure, those nasty pictures would be in the way, but never mind She would cover them over with sheets and tablecloths Never should the fine arts stand between Grace and a cleaning. Accordingly, she got up very early one morning, and with Betty, and Jane, and herself, throwing all their energies into the cause, the study was likely to be cleaned pretty effectually. But in the full tide of her enthusiasm there was a loud rat tat at the door, and one of the household functionaries, with sleeves turned up, and arms shining with soapsuds, admitted Sir Harry Lorimer, and conveyed his card to her mistress It was immensely provoking to be interrupted in the very pith and core of her undertaking "Did you tell him Mr Leslie was not at home ?" 1 Yes, ma'am, but he said that did not signify, he wanted to see you ' He tiresome exclaimed Grace " But now, don't stand still while I am gone Be sure you got that skirting board clean, and wash all the finger marks off the paint. Really the place is beginning to look decent at last," she added, looking round complacently Grace had no organ of veneration whatever Sir Harry Lorimer was no more to her than plain Harry anybody else, not so interesting, in fact, as poor simple John Lodge But she smoothed herself down a little, and sailed into the parlor, anxious to get through the interview as quickly as she could, and go book, not to the study, but the cleaning of it. Sir Harry's greeting of her was intended to express the deepest sympathy He had not seen much of Grace at any time except when she sat at the head of her brother's table Sir Harry paid frequent visits to his friend, and then she had said very little, owing to the subject on which they conveyed not coming within her range She was not a favorite of his He thought her countrified, and ordinary, strikingly unlike her brother, Indeed, the relationship be tween them was one of nature's anomalies, that Sir Harry could never account for But now that she was in trouble, and her trouble his own, he felt more cordially towards her than he had over done before He bore patiently, and with resignation, a noisy incoherent demonstration of grief and anger directed against some unknown person with which she entertained him, and then, trying to bring her to the point, he quietly asked her if she would favor him with all the particulars of Arthur's illness ? Of course he would not believe for a single instant that Arthur was mad ' "Oh no' of course he is not I" said Grace " He never was, only that nasty, bad, horrid woman made it out, that she might give him, and marry a lord " " What woman, Miss Leslie ?" asked Sir Harry " You surely do not mean the lady he was engaged to For he told me of his engagement, in his letters, though he mentioned no name " " Yes, I do," she replied I mean Victo- mine, who was going to marry him, and he was over head and ears in love with her Not so much so, though, as he was with the dead woman," she added, mysteriously "Dead woman'" exclaimed Sir Harry, in amazement "Yes," replied Grace, that he went to paint in Wales She did the mischief He has never been right since He has done nothing but rave about her, and fancy that she appeared to him And then, Victorine," she added, with great volubility, " whom I never could bear, for she knows nothing of housekeeping any more than a baby, and could not cut out a Blurt if her life depended on it, and leaves everything to her servants, and lots her house got as dirty and untidy as it can possibly be I saw the dust had been swept into corners, and had lain there-" "EXOUBO mo, MHB Leslie," interrupted Sir Harry, who considered all this totally irrelevant to the matter in hand "perhaps you will give me on account of this journey to Wales, and who the deceased lady was, and every particular connected with her Surely he could not really suppose that she appeared to him ?" he added, with some anxiety " Yes, he did," said Grace " He saw her over so many times I dare say it was only some one dressed up-I told him so. I don't believe in ghosts myself," said Grace, conti dontially, " but when people will sit painting all day long, it is sure to got into their brain at last " " Is the picture here?" asked Sir Harry, re framing from offering an opinion on the subject "Not the very same," replied Grace, " but one just like it, that Arthur painted after he got home It hangs up in his study, with a curtain before it " " May I BOO it ?" asked Sir Harry, eagerly " You could see it," said Grace, hesitating, " but, to tell you the truth, it is not quite convenient at this precise moment " " But I have so urgent a reason," cried Bn Harry, starting from his chair, " that I am sure you will not deny me " " Why, you must know," said Grace, still hesitating, that perhaps you will be kind enough not to tell Arthur, because he is BO obstinate about it, but the fact is we are clean ing his study, and-" " Never mind pray let me BOO it," repeated Sir Harry, with great earnestness " His whole fate may hang on my recognising that picture Yes, whether he is ever restored to you again MISS Leslie, with your permission-" and he stepped quickly across the hall, followed by Grace, crying out, " If you would only come to morrow ! Now pray do not fall over those brushes And you see how impossible it is for you to got into the study. I dare say you will go and toll Arthur Door me ' Was anything over so unlucky before ? You must give over scrubbing, I suppose, Jane " But pairs, brushes, soap, and flannels, were as the small dust of the balance to Sir Harry at that moment He would not have known he was in his friend's study He would have been aghast at the models draped after Grace's fashion-the pictures muffled up, the floor clean swept of all its artistic litters, and the painting Btool supporting the stalwart form of Betty, rubbing down the walls He would have been aghast at any other time, but not now He BOW nothing but the green curtain Grace had told him off, and making his way to it through every impediment, he pulled it aside, and, uttering an exclamation, stood as if riveted to the spot. Grace was close behind him with her criticisms. " She is nothing so very particular, you see, that Arthur need have gone crazy about her I think she is too tall, and her eyes too far apart Arthur has not done her well I he has not made her look half dead enough. Sir Harry's whole attention was still riveted on the picture He regarded it with a look so intense and eager that Grace said abruptly, "If you have seen enough, perhaps you will not mind coming back to the parlor We are only preventing them from going on " Sir Harry bowed, dropped the curtain, and went back, the chorus of sweeping and scrubbing beginning in his roar. He sat down, and was apparently lost in thought " And this," said he, " is the spectre that has haunted him ?" "Yes," said Grace, and she seems to take a delight in frightening him out of his wits But oh, Sir Harry, do have pity on him and got him away from Dr Bowdler s!" she cried, in glowingly 1 How came he at Dr Bowdlor's? ' asked Sir Harry 1 Oh, because Viotonne made out he was mad," cried Grace, and " she and Lord Wilcox together shut him up there when I was gone out to buy a new bonnet, and I have not seen him since" she added, weeping bitterly " Lord Wilcox ' ' exclaimed Sir Harry What has he to do with it ?" " Only that Victorian jilted Arthur to marry him," replied Grace I don't blame Lord Wilcox Victorine told him such lies, and made him believe that Arthur was mad when he said he was engaged to her They have treated Arthur shamefully between them, Sir Harry, and there is no one to stand up for him " "Who is Victorine?' asked Sir Harry, quickly " Miss Ferrars," she replied I " thought you know her " Miss Ferrars !" cried Sir Harry, and he started from his chair again "Yes," said Grace, " and she is staying at Oak Park till she is married You must know Miss Ferrure I call her Victorine because she is a distant relative of ours, and we used to be good friends But I hate him now, like poison " It was a very difficult ever to got a clear, con case narrative of events from Grace Her ideas had so many paths of digression, along which they ran like stray sheep Butter Harry, with infinite pains and skill, at length accomplished this desirable end, and elicited the whole story. He did not make much comment on it Green was a dangerous confidante But he took IUB leave, assuring her that the whole matter should be cleared up, and Arthur shortly restored to her, as sane as over " But pray don't bring him back till we have finished cleaning the study," cried Grace, in a tone of anxiety, CIIAMBB XXI WHEN Sir Harry was gone, Victorine was a prey to a thousand anxieties Thorooould be little doubt of the purport of his errand, and how it would affect her she trembled to think, for Victorian had more dark corners in her heart than we know of, and a guilty conscience needs no accuser But her anxiety must devour her in secret. The dowager was unusually exigent, and made her favorite pay dearly for her promotion Victorine was on duty all day, and had to comply with a succession of whims and caprices, interspersed with bitter complaints of Sir Harry " I know where he is gone to," said the dowager, as they were out driving " He IS gone to enquire after that tiresome Mr Leslie He walked oil directly after breakfast, and then came back for his horse. James says he is gone to Dr Bowdlor's So unrottBonablo! Whonho only came home yesterday, and I had a hundred things to say to him late at night, just when the circle was breaking up, and there was a gathering of wax lights on the slab in the hall, Sir Harry returned. He was pale, and grave, and atom His mother burst out with a string of querulous complaints, but he silenced her peremptorily, shook hands with the guests, and retired He had shaken hands with Victorian, or rather touched the tips of her Angora She could see that something had happened 1 It is bad policy to be dishonest, even if much appears to be gained by it The scales are not equal One has a burden in it that goes down heavily- a burdon made up of sharp Btmgs and disquieting thoughts, of sleepless nights and days of anxiety The pinnacle that has no foundation in (truth IS Feared upon the sand, and the wind may blow it down at any moment And Viotorino's pinnacle bottomed It was tall and goodly to look upon, and the sun of pros plenty gilded it. But there was a little cloud getting up in the distance, and with the cloud might come the tempest She rose the next morning with the feeling that something was impending She took her seat at the breakfast table, dressed, as usual, with the most scrupulous nicety. Nothing was amiss with her There was the bloom on her cheek, the smooth bright hair, the graceful manners, the cheerful " good morning " But her eye was restless It must steal round the table, and glance furtively at Sir Harry She hoped he was not noticing her, but he was and his downright look met hers, and she felt the color rush to her cheek The dowager began pertinaciously It was astonish- ing how tiresome the old lady could be " And after all," said she, addressing. her son, " you never told us how Mr Leslie was HOW IS the poor man?" "The poor man, as your ladyship calls him, and who is likely to become one of the first artists of the day, is perfectly well I thank you," replied Sir Harry " But his mind ?" said the dowager " I am not asking after his health Of course there is nothing the matter with that " " You found him a maniac, did you not ?" said Lord Wilcox, looking up with some anxiety from the warm discussion of the plain before him " I am not at liberty to make any disclosures of what passed yesterday, replied Sir Harry, good humouredly " Arthur is my client, and his case is too much in embryo to bear discussion " Oh, I hate mysteries '" said the dowager, pettishly j " though really the matter is perfectly indifferent to me I only enquired because he was a friend of yours " " I am much obliged to you," said Sir Harry, bowing "I shall be so glad if he proves to be in his right mind," whispered Lady Henrietta, who sat next to Sir Harry. " Why shall you be SO particularly glad, Hetty ?" naked Sir Harry, in the same subdued voice. "because you like him, do you not?" she replied " It makes you wretched to have him at Dr. Bowdler'fl " " That it does, said he "But now I want to ask you fifty questions at least. Have you been to the village lately ?" " Oh, yes, a great many times," replied Lady Henrietta, eagerly. " And how are they going on down there ?" " Very well, considering there has been so much illness The Smiths have lost three of their children, though, and the JOHBODB " Now, Betty, if you please," interrupted the dowager, solemnly, " we shall have the whole catalogue of them in a minute. Harry, you ought not to encourage her." 11 beg your pardon," said Sir Harry. " She is my most valuable ally. The Jons cms ?" he added, turning to Hetty. 1 Are going to emigrate," she replied, lower- ing her voice, and letting the words drop out stealthily. "I am glad of it," cried Lord Wilcox, catch- ing them up. " That is good news to me, Hetty." " Why, pray?" asked Sir Harry, laughing. " Because they are a regular standing here, those Jonson !" replied Lord Wilcox. " There is always something happening to them from January to December : either the little boy is ill, or the big boy gone to prison, or the father caught poaching, or the whole family gone to the workhouse And on every occasion your humble servant has his pockets turned out, Hetty having spent her last sixpence on them. They are a regular had set, those Persons ; but I can forgive them everything now they are going to emigrate !" " I am really afraid they are bad," said Henrietta, reluctantly. "I have done all I could for them, but it was of very little use. I think, even now, if the oldest girl could be got into a reformatory-" " Pray, don't do it cried Lord Wilcox, aghast. " We shall never have her off our hands any more. You will be trying her as a domestic servant next, and she will be running off with the family plate. No, for honvon'asoko let them all go together." " But, on the other hand," whispered Henry otto, unable to resist so inviting a topic. " I believe Tompson is quite reformed, and has taken the pledge, and kept sober for six mouths." "Has he? how rejoiced I am!" said Sir Harry. " Toa, continued Henrietta, " and Jane Winter has sent her children to school, and got her oldest boy out apprentice to a shoemaker." "Hotty-how-how son youl Shoemaker, indeed !" said Lady Lorimer, with ineffable disdain "Very glad to hear it!" cried Sir Harry, cordially. "I will go and order a pair of boots instantly of that very shoemaker." " Did you over hear any thing like it ?" said the dowager, turning to Viotorino. " Those two would make an excellent match." She spoke in a whisper, but loud enough for everyone at the table to hear, and Lady Henry otto blushed, and Sir Harry looked rather on harrassed, and for a moment there was an awkward silence. Lady Henrietta did not recover all breakfast time. As soon as the meal was over, she made her escape, her cheeks tingling and glowing as if she had been walking to the village She would have gone to the village now, but that the snow was beginning to fall. So as the next best thing, she stole into the library, and ascending herself by the fire began to stitch at some pinafores for the refractory Jonsons to take to Australia. She began, but she had a great deal of trouble in going on. It was pleasanter just then to sit watching the cinders as they dropped from the grate, and thinking) we cannot under take to say what, but her thoughts did not make her cheek give over its glowing and tingling. Presently the door opened, and Sir Harry, by accident of course, strolled in. Lady Henry otto stitched momently, and though she had recognised his step across the hall, made believe to be very much surprised, and to think it was her brother. " How very snug and cosy, Hetty," said Sir Harry. " I hope no one will come in. I want a good hour's talk with you," Horton and noodle nearly touched. Stitch I Stitch ! She had a desperate fit of industry that minute. Sir Harry ensconced himself in the easy chair opposite " I am so glad to got home again," said he. "I dare say you are." Stitch! stitch! stitch! " I say, How, are you obliged to make those what do you call them?" " Pinafores," she replied. " Pinafores, just now?" said he. " I must, really. They are for the Jonsons," replied Henrietta, threading her needle and beginning again. " Never mind the Jonsons," said he. " I want your candid opinion, Hetty, and you can't give it me if the needle and thread are to go on at that rate." " What about ?" she asked. " About Miss Ferrars. Do you like her, Hetty?" She let her work drop on her knee, and looked intently into the fire. Then she brought her clear, bright eyes to bear full upon Sir Harry, and uttered an emphatic " No." ' You don't?" said Sir Harry. 1 No," she replied, still more emphatically. ' Why not P" he asked. 'Beoauso-Ido not mind what I say to you, Harry." " Of course not. Nor I to you, Hetty." The needle began again-Btitoh-stitoh Stitch. It was running races. " Come, tell me, there's a good girl," said Sir Harry " and put away tbatubominablo pinafore of. Miss Ferrars' character is of great consequence to us all Why do you not like her ?" "Because-I do not think she is truthful. She does not ring well," and Henrietta, speak- ing very deliberately. " Exactly my opinion," said Sir Harry. " And she is too deferential," continued Henrietta. " She brings. I have that in anybody." " And so do I," responded her companion, " And I wish my brother had never seen her," said Henrietta. " So do I," he again responded. "Our opinions are just alike then," said Henrietta, laughing. " They are on most points, I think," said Sir Harry, pointedly. The pinafore again ! Stitoh-stitch-Btitoh " " Upon my word, it is infamous !" exclaimed Sir Harry. " I will throw that miserable rag behind the fire." "Rag! it is now calico, sixpence halfpenny a yard cried Henrietta, indignantly. Never mind, I'll burn it !" said Sir Harry and he snatched it from her, and flung it to the other end of the room. "Now tell me, Hetty, if you like me any better than you do Miss Ferrars be continued. "Am I untruthful? Do I cringe ?" "You Harry?" said Henrietta, "how can you ask me?" " Because-Bee I am going on my knees that is very deferential ! Hetty, will you love me ?" he added, changing his tone into one of great feeling and earnestness. I love you very dearly. You are the best and dearest girl that ever lived. Will you, Hetty? Ah, Miss Ferrars!" Victorine had been sent by the dowager to reconnoitre, and placidly surveying the lovers, " Lady Lorimer wishes to speak to you, Sir Harry," said she not in the least discomposed. " I will find Lady Honnotta's thimble, if that is what you are looking for Here it is it has rolled almost to the door " " How I hate that woman !" whispered Sir Harry ' Hetty, will you ?" Lady Honnotta's answer was in her eyes CHAPTER XVII DAY after day passed, and still the storm that was (gathering did not burst. The little cloud remained suspended, and seemed to got no larger Nothing appeared to come of Sir Henry's visit to Dr Bowler at Toast, that Victoria could discover Sir Harry's manner towards her was just the same as it had always been. They had tacitly disliked each other from the moment of their introduction As it was with Victorine and Lady Henrietta, so it was with Victoria and Sir Harry, their principles were antagonistic, their paths lay apart The fine, generous, open hearted Sir Harry could not but despite the superficial, time serving woman of the world, he saw through her false courteSy as he did through the rouge on her cheeks She could not deceive him. And to everyone save the dowager the tinsel was apparent by the side of the pure gold But the dowager never acknowledged herself uuatttkon She had taken up Victorine, and Victoria should be genuine whether or no It was like the law of the Medes and Persians And Lord Wilcox, what did he think of Vic terms? Now he had seen her every day, and had so many opportunities of studying her character? Poor man! he never studied anything but his whiskers, so from him at least Victorine was safe I Hor outward prosperity went on as usual. Her wedding gifts kept Bhoworing in, the invitations had been issued, Mrs Ferrars had turned, and still the cloud got no bigger And yet there it was, just over her head; it never moved; it was like the cranes of Ibycus, which hovered over his murderers' heads till they confessed their crime. Victorine was uneasy in spite of herself. One day, she set her mother on to elicit something from Lady Henrietta. "Did Sir Harry ever tell you about poor Mr. Leslie asked this clever diplomatist, coming suddenly to the point, for she know whom she had to deal with, and that hints and innuendoes were of no avail. "Yes, he did," replied Henrietta, in her usual straightforward manner. " Oh, indeed '" said Mrs Ferrars " A very sad story, was it not? We know poor Arthur SO well He was distantly related to us, and we find him in our house to nurse ; my dear Victorine was like a sister to him " Lady Henrietta made no answer She was stitching IIB usual Her zeal for the Jonsons was untiring "But he got so violent, poor fellow I continued Mrs Ferrars, " we were obliged to have him removed He nearly killed me, by driving so furiously that he upset the carriage And after that, of course we dared not risk anything further " Still no answer Lady Henrietta broke her cotton impatiently, und muttered something about the noodles being so bad. " Have some of 1111110, dour," said Mrs. Ferrars ' I am sure you are welcome Ah, poor Arthur! he was BOJOIIIOUB of Lord Wilcox that I really thought-" I beg your pardon, Mrs Ferrars, but I must go to the village," said Henrietta, folding up her work and giving Mrs Ferrars a keen glance that went right through her " I am sure you will excuse me " "I will go with you, if you please," said Mrs Ferrars "I love visiting the poor Ah! if everyone were like you, Lady Honnotto I Do let me go with you " "Thank you, not this morning," she replied "I have a great deal of business to transact But if your heart is really in the cause, perhaps you will be so kind as to finish this pinafore. It is the last of the set, and is all cut out ready " " Dotostablo old hypocrite '" thought Lady Henrietta, as she went across the hall Plague on the pinafore!" ejaculated Mrs Ferrars, ' just as if I was likely! Oh, Sir Harry "-ho came in just at that moment " you see our darling Lady Henrietta has pressed me into the service What an excellent girl she is! How I hope my dear Victorine will imitate her I" "Hein!" Sir Harry went to the book case and took down a book previous to making his exit "By the bye, Sir Harry" continued Mrs. ForrurBj " it is but natural I should wish to know how poor dear Arthur is going on, considering I have known him all his life Prayers he still at Dr Bowdlor's ? ' I rather think not, replied Sir Harry, taking down the book he wanted "NoT and where is he, then ?" asked Mrs Ferrars, taken entirely off her guard, and in a tone of great anxiety " Cannot I see him ?" " Quite as soon as will be agreeable to you, you -hold" replied Sir Harry, coldly, and turn- ing to leave the room " Pray, stay a moment, said Mrs Ferrars " Do tell me ? You forgot what a great in terms I take in the matter " " I do not forget I am fully aware of it in all its bearings," replied Sir Harry, giving her the same keen glance before which she had quelled a few moments ago " Then do tell me! she persisted " I cannot tell you now," said he " Fidelity to my friend keeps me silent. But his fate will be cleared up presently You may console yourself with that positive certainty, he added, as he took his departure " Oh, Victorine ! there is mischief browing, I know there is '" cried Mrs Ferrars, coming into her daughter's room " And so do I know," replied Victorine, and Sir Harry and Lady Henrietta are at the bottom of it" "Yes," said her mother " How I hate them." " And so do I'" returned Victorine " They are just the most uncomfortable people in the world to deal with," continued Mrs Ferrars " Sir Harry would ferret out anything ¡ and Lady Henrietta has the most obsolete notions How I wish her godmother had been a Catholic, and shut her up in a convent!" " Or that anything had happened to her matter what '" said Victorine, harshly She looked quite fierce as she sat rocking herself to and from her chair, her brow contracted, her lips compressed, her eyes bright and glittering Her mother began to reproach her "You should have managed better, Victorine It is astonishing that a woman of your act should not have been able to gain over a raw school-girl like Lady Henrietta. You should have conciliated her, my dear, even if you had to sacrifice the dowager." So Victorine should. She saw her mistake too late. Lady Henrietta was really the most powerful of the two, because she had the most character. It is too late now, said Victorine, despondingly Besides, Lady Henrietta would never have asked me, under any circumstances" " Well, my dear, still you have the dowager and a most charming creature she is," said her mother. " Come, it may not be so bad as you think. Stick to the dowager, Victorine." Victorine shook her head. She knew just how far Lady Lorimer's friendship would carry her through a rainy day, and no further. There was a top of the doorway was a box of wedding wreaths, come from the milliner's. Victorine rose slowly, took it is, and flung it carelessly into a corner. Then she throw herself on the sofa, and burst into tears. " Come, my dear, it will never do to give up in this way," said her mother, rousing her. " Nothing has happened yet. " Mother, something haunts me something haunts me!" cried Viotorino, wildly. "Do not try to comfort me We should have been honest, another; it would be worth the whole world to me now !" " We did it for the boat," said her mother. " We thought of your udvunorincnt, door. It was of the first importance that to got you well OBtiililishod. AVn lave worked hard-won deserve success !" " Hard I indeed no have," said Violorino. Who knows what our Beeret anxieties have been? But how have we worked, out what will be our reward ? Oh! why did you bring me up in this false School ?" she cried, passionately. I was innocent once. But you let me breathe in tainted atmosphere. Oh! mother, you have murdered your child !" " Do not reproach me, Victorine. I gave you the best education I could, and brought you out before you were eighteen. What mother could have done more? You have had plenty of excellent odours, only you have" let them nil slip through," "And is that what it is to be a woman ?" murmured Victorine, her face buried in the cushions " to dress, To His about like a butterfly, to be false, fluttering, to set snares and traps to catch a name and a position? Did I care for these men, either of them ?" "I may state they are excellent matches, both of them, Victorine. Poor door Arthur is a perfect Nazi woman, and as Sir Harry says, likely to become one of the first artists of the day. And us for Lord Wilcox - Gracious Heaven! that is the dowager. Got up, Victo- rise, and look alive, for pity's sake!" "May I come in?" said Lady_oi'iuior,opon in the door. "Your ladyship does us great honor," re- plied Mrs. Ferrars. "Poor Victorine has a headache to-day," she added sympathetically. "We have been talking of the wedding, oud that has brought it on. I am inconsolable at porting with her. It is very solid)], bilton only child, and BO very, very door!" " My mind shall bring some eau-de-Cologne and rub your Families, Miss Ferrars," said the dowager, carelessly. "find that to do my headaches the most good. But I want to see the wreaths. Mrs. Winter says they cannot just now. Put them on, will you ?" Victorine find roused herself the moment the dowager's stop was heard. Now also moved briskly about, cheerful and courteous OB over. Her habit of dissembling had become second nature Nothing more was said of the headache But she look out wraith after wreath and tried them on, turning herself about in every direction to show them to advantage ; Linly Lorimer sitting on the sofa, calmly survey- ing the effect through her spy-glass. " I think that one is lovely, Victorine," said the dowager. Just ring the bell, will you ? I went Lord Wilcox to BOO it." Lord Wilcox was particularly engaged. He was closeted with Sir Harry in the library, and could not come. Victorine put her hand to her head as if a sudden pain had shot through it. "How provoking I" cried the dowager. "Toll Lady Hetty to come j I want an opinion and must leave it." "Linly Henrietta is gone to the Jonsons, your ladyship," said the servant. "That is just like Hetty," said the dowager, " always out. of the way when she is wanted. However, somebody shall see it. Come, Victo- ring, we will take them by surprise. They have been shut up quite long enough. We will go into the library and ask them what they think of it." Viotorino drew buck, and positively declined. ButLndy Lorimer insisted, and grow angry. Her favorite had never contradicted her before. She would give her go, and drawing her arm in hers, marched her off into the presence of Sir Harry and Lord Wilcox. TO BE CONTINUED. AhvuiBr.v op DiiiNiiiNö,-Mr. A. drinks because his door r line recommended him to take a little,- Mr. B. because his doctor has ordered him not, and he hates quackery Mr 0\. takes a drop because he's wet; Mr. L. be cause IIO'B dry ¡ Mr. K, because he feels something rising ; Mr. F. because he feels of sinking j Mr. Q. because he's going to see a friend off to Australia ; Mr. H. because he's got a friend come home from Australia j Mr. I. because he's so hot in the evening ; Mr. K. beeaUBO hole so cold in the morning at Mr. L. because he's got a pain in his head | Mr. M. because he's got a pain in his Ride 2 Mr. N. because IIO'B got a pain in his book Mr 0. because he's got a pain in his chest ; Mr. P. because he's got a pain all over him j Mr. Q. because he feels light and happy Mr. B. because he feels heavy and miserable Mr. S. because he's married Mr. _. because he isn't 2 Mr. V. bocaUBO he likes to see his friends around him Mr W. because he's got no friends, and enjoys a glass by himself ; Mr. X. because his uncle left him a legacy j Mr, Y. because his aunt cut him off with a shilling j Mr. Z.-wo should be happy to inform our readers what Mr. Z'B reasons are for drinking, but, on putting the question to him, he was found to be totally unable to answer. "THAT'S a new article for beautifying the complexion," said Mrs. Bibb, holding up a small bottle for Mrs. Partington to examine. She looked up from darning a woollen sock for Ike and took the bottle in her hand, " Is it indeed?" said she. " Well, they may got up over so many nostrums for beautifying the complexion, but, depend upon it, the loss people have to do with bottles the better. My neighbor Mrs. Blatch has been using a bottle for a good many years for her complexion, and her nose looks like a ruption of Mount Vociferous, with the burning lather running all over the contagious territory." A UDY wished to have her husband's life insured, giving as a reason that she wanted either a husband or some money, she didn't care which. . . . THE name " STUBS widow " is of French origin. It is derived From the French "grace," and originally meant a widow by courtesy. 