A HUNGARIAN CAUSE CELEBRE. A tbial is at the present moment taking plaoe in Szegedin, in Hungary, the extra ordinary complicated and dramatic history rtf which is destined to occupy, a conspicuous place amongst the criminal reoords of aII countries and epochs. The individuals involved may he counted by hundreds — their crimes and offences by thousands ; and the first arrests took place as far back as I860, j The Lloyd of Pesth gives an outline of the j case under the title of Proces Sandor — San- j dor being the name of tbe chief of tho band of malefactors whose depredations and Htrocitins rendered them the terror' of Szegedin and the surrounding district. According to the Pesth journal, ever sinoe 1860 the inhabitants of Szegedin had become so terrified in consequenoe of the daring exploits of, Sandor's band cf brigrands tbat they looked and barred themselves in, their houses every night at dusk, and dared not venture into the streets even during, the day without -being armed with revolvers and swordsticks. Robberies, incendiary fires, and assassinations were the order of the day ; and the malefactors carried their audacity so far as to attack the diligences in the open day, and in the very midst of the town itself. For a long time the criminals escaped, whilst numbers of innocent inhabitants were arrested on suspicion ; and it was under these oiroumstances that M. de Raday was sent as a royal commissioner to Szegedin, charged with full powers, and having at bis disposition the forces and the resources necessary to put an end to a state of things so deplorable and alarming. M. de Raday soon became convinoed that not only Szegedin, but the whole eomitat and the surrounding districts were infested by formidable companies of brigands, whose organization was complete and their circle of action clearly defined. When one of those companies was not sufllciently numerous to carry out a daring enterprise, assistance was lent by the other companies. Two of these bands of brigands leagued together, not long ago succeeded in entering tlie cellars of n bank, and in carrying the immense safe into the street ; they failed, however, in getting it into the oart which they had brought for the purpose, and found themselves compelled . to abandon their valuable booty. The safe was found intact at the door of the bank on the following morning ; and the operation had been carried on without anyone's attention having been oalled to it,' or without anyone daring to give the alarm. After careful and minute inquiries, the royal commissioner found to his amazement, that a number of adminis trative and judicial functionaries were acting ns accomplices of the various bands of brigands — thet even the titled notabilities of the district aoted af receivers of the stolen a uuuiuvr ui tiraoa wmpBiuw were soon traoked and several of the bandits were arrested and given up to justice. It was then found that the police agents were iu league with the malefactors. At Szegedin a commissary of polioe, two judges, four employes of the treasury, and forty-six deteotives were arrested as being implicated in the depredations of the bands. Grimes have been brought to light whioh were perpetrated thirty years ago ; and an old man of seventy was condemned Bome short time ago for a crime committed when he was forty years of age. The novel and peculiar I psychological system pursued by the royal commissioner in order to find out the guilty parties amongst the hundreds of individuals arrested is worth recording. The prisoners were completely insolated from the rest of this world during their confinement; and their eyes were bound in order to prevent any conversation by signs usually resorted to by accomplished thieves. Companies in captivity, totally unknown to them, were placed in the sameoells, who soon insinuated themselves into the confidence of the prisoners, studied their characters, made themselves acquainted with their seorets, and used all their efforts to bring about a full confession. With regard to Sandor, the royal commissioner himself succeeded in getting a full and complete avowal of his crimes by adopting tactios of a most ingenions kind. Knowing the great brigand chief to be exceedingly vain of hie reputation, and to be in the habit of looking down upon his less daring accomplices as mere purloinen of ohickens, il. de B&day; ordered Sandor to fall upon his knees before hie fellow-prisoners —the small fry of the band— whose instruc tions were to reproach their chief with being a chicken stealer like themselves. The ruse waa perfectly successful, the prond Sandor's honour was mortally wounded, and the brigand king (as he loved to style himself) immediately entered into a full confession of his long series of crimes, as well as those of' bis accomplices. The expedient resorted to by the royal, commissioner in the case of another famous brigand named JeanBajdor, was this — Bajdoris known to be. exceedingly superstitious; he is charged with having committed' two murders, and insists upon asserting his innocence. One evening the. examining magistrate had Bajdor brought, into his cabinet, and immediately iaddressed him as follows: — ' Jeafl Bajdof, ! cannot sleep on yonr account ; 'Hie ghost of Peter Bodri, whom yon assassinated, appears before me everynight, and threatens io haunt and torment me until £qch time as' I shall have pat the'ropewith whioh you etranglra your vifitun round your own neck I'' On saying, this the examining magistrateithxew a rope round Bajdor's neck and ordered him te he taken back to pr^on. at midnight Jean Bsjdor, who haa slept soundly, notwithstanding hi* fifty-nine raiijUM, jumped, tip af£nghted, anil rushed toward the door,«f the prison, crying Sat help. This was the moment the examining magistrate had ann'onidy awaited ? he made hie way into' the cell.7 wfitjjjL, Bajdorlqon feesed not only to . having, murdered Bordi and his eon, hut also.to having committed a number of other henious crimes. * In oon eeqnenoe of theee disclosures, die two bodies ofliis vifctims, with rOpes still round their aeeks, wewdieoqvor&i.; Acting oaBtjdor's advice,* number - of other pcisootts haw 4npde fee? oopfeesiop of {bet briines'theybom mitted ; all the malefactors arrested, It must not be forgotten, are kept in the utmost ignoranoe as to ths oharges which weigh against them. On their .first examination they were not questioned as to the perpetra tion of, such or such a crime ; they were simply asked to give an account, of any offence of which jhey might acknowledge themselves guilty. By this means a, number of crimes have been brought to light hitherto totally nnsuspeotnd. An idea of bow desirable a place Szegedin must hajve been to live in may be formed from the following enumeration of the cases which are now being tried before a specially appointed j court. When the royal .commissioner first arrived at Szegediu there were 1606 Criminal charges to be heard ; a little later 5(-0 more charges were made; . and when, the'' royal eommiesion had terminated its duties, 950 fresh cases were brought to light— making in all nearly 3000 crimes of tbe gravest charaoter. Of this total 1000 judgments have already been giyen, and nearly all these judgments have been confirmed on appeal. The Crimea and offences discovered by the royal commissioner amount to 8000. The principal charges are those of murder, robbery, pillage, incendiarism, &o.;, tbe oases of robbery alone exoeeding 4000. The trial of this unprecedented batch of highwaymen which commenced on the 12th ult., is not expected to terminate before the end of the month. 