MARYBOROUGII. [ROw OUn OWE CORUBMONOEET.] Things are coming somewhat to a climan with regard to who is likely to be the member for Maryborough. The gauntlet has been thrown down by the friends of Mr. King, and as readily picked up by Iis opponents, who intend to brinlg forward Mr. H. Palmer, one of our oldest and most respected colonists-a man whose soul is centred in the welfare o" the district. Mr. Palmer was put up in opposition to Mr. King at the last election for Wide Bay, and would have been elected only for tile Gympyites, who with great presumption, intermined with political dodgery, tried to secure both the electorates of Wide Bay and lMaryboroughl, and to make sore of Wide Bay for their pat overllthrew a far better man. Bat I thIink thiey are like baret children ; they won't care to try their strength with this town any more; if they do, thIey may consider themeelves j.lly well lilked, for no man who is not deeply inter ested in Maryborouoh, and who will not go is heavy for the Education Bill, will be elented. If there is any outsider rain enough to think there is even the ghost of a chance for him, let him try t bat I would advise him to put his boots on and seek some greenouer psturnge. As to William Henry, he is held in utter detestation by sall parties, more especially his old sup porteres; and if he should be ingsne enough to stand it is our intention to nominate Cham, the Chinaman, in opposition : hle was one elected as an aldermanoutof ridicule to a lot of inp incipled humbugs in our Town Council, and " beloved Maryborough" willelect him now with a sweeping maj rity to the Queensland Pasr liament, and so let the world see how we approeeiate the past services and conduct of an ungrateful staeward, and how bitterly we feel the treatment we have re. ceived from him. His contemptuous conduct in pass. ing twice through Maryborough without having the manliness, or even the common courtesy, to call his old but deluded friends together, seass gentleman would have done, stamps him for ever as one unworthy of the confidence of any constituency. He Ias added insult to injury to men who at the last election not only fought but bled for him, for many of them were treated in a rualinly manner by King's rabble mob. Mr. Palmer, the Premier, has said his Ministry will not die like "dumb dogs;" but one of his Ministry has so died, for in passing through Maryborough his only sign of life was noticed in one of our main streets snapping and snarling at one of his most sincere and powerful supporters and asserting that the people of Maryborough were an ungrateful set, and if the Go. crncment put a bridge over the Mary River it would be no better than a gigantic swindle. This is the language, this is the conduct, of the man who called Maryborough his "belored"-meaning, Esuppose, his beloved constituenti?,'whom he now treats with such scorn because they will not submit to be his "dumb dous." (t thank the Premier for the sentence.) When anythang good for Maryborough or Wide fay hee been proposed, Mr. Palmer bhas met it by saying they have never asked for it; when money wan asked for a botanic garden at Rockhsmpton, and Mr. George Thorn said he thought Maryborough ought to have a similar amount granted, Mr. Palmer said to bad never asked for it; where, may I ask, wam our " dumb dog" tlhen ? Messrs. Palmer and Walsh ma. depend upon it they bare " woke up" the people of Muryborough, and as they do not like us sa "daan dogs" we intend to prove ourselves very noisy once., and keep up such barking and howling that they will get no peace until they gio us somehing better than the bones of Brisbane. Mr. t. Tooth, of Yesgadrie,, has hbeen deputed by our ChObamber of Commeree-and thIe voice of the people at a public meeting held for. the purpose-to bring under the notice of thebs Govern' ment the great want of a bridge over the Mary, and tmamways in the district, to open up our almost is-' limited resources; le htas not yet made his report on the interview. While giving our Chamber of Com merce credit for being a most useful publio body, I am constrained to blame them, for leaving this imn portant business tilltjlst as the threes of dissolution are on the Assembly, when members begin to act on the proverb "everybody for himself, and God for us all ;" so our earnest appeal may be disregarded in the scramble there will be to get bome to "my station" (in time for shearing). I have just been reading the committee's report of the Greasy Hat Club . Handy. I think the members of the club ought to be scouted for having brought forward a candidate for the metropolia whom thsy had such an opinion of but I think the people of Brisbane ought to feel proud of their clob for brisgj ing out their very best member to represent them. As to Maryborough, she seems to have opened her resources already (unaided) aufioently to be prd' nounoed the most prosperous town in the colony ' the business of both the town and distriot is atpdly' extending, and our wharves are crowded wlthship' ping. We are doing a very large trade with Sydaney. ahall soon be dealing extensively with Vietoria, and before the year closes shall establish a.direett?idBi with England; and in every way proving that we ars advancing in spite of the systematic manner in which all Government favours worth speaking of have beens withheld from us. If "our member" could blush, he certainly would to think that4 after all his struggling to condemn ons to equatterdom, our productive distriot silently censures him by slowly, quietly, and asurely advancing to the front. Perhaps it was tp hbide hIs blushes that made him "skedaddle" throughMary borough the other day-perhaps a disturbed on? science prevents him from laying himself doarao - more as a lamb for slaughter, even for his "buloed -perhaps he feels he hau "put his footin it," ant • l Lithave nutsof his buttons and brandedl wuuith D,8 " August 8. 