A OEUISE IN TEE POLAR SEA. BY JAMBS GIUBSIE. .'* oHArri'B is. . " ' It is amusing to view the ten'acity with whi'ch people of every colour "'arid in eviery clime adhere to their creeds nnd.-tepetfj in religion, and it is equally nmpziug to conaider. that' these creeds thrive-be8t "-u.Dde'r persecution and foreigu" interference!: .J$bl watl-oi? hiw revolting their 'precepts may bo; no matter- nqisv - iucoijsistent with every principle of philanthropy, morality, mercy, and justice, the blinded votary will not; ouly^ willingly perish for hia faith, but he' will perish amidst the most excrudiatiugi agouyi and exult in rites revolting and profane, cruel and devilish. The Hindoo in his swinging religious rite, hooked by hia intestines to ft 'suspended rope, swings himsel f until his entrails aro mauled about and dragged on the ground; and the deluded victim "'of a vain; and obscene superstition hies exultiugly to his Moloch besmeared, with blood. The Paraee will Bit patiently over a slow fire until ' his very, heart is baked, bocause Iran will be^ proud of-his sufferings j various sects in Africa,' whose religion is ^ blacker than their skins, have religious ceremonies so disgusting and abominable to; l>e recorded, and yet in defence^ .of; these obnoxious rites any of them will suffer martyrdom, and exults in. its flames. Martyrdom is therefore a species of stubborn Btiff neckedness hardly! worthy of admira tion^;-';; 1,4 some faiths salvation is a question of mutton or trumpeter,1 beef or- boiled herpings, as if it was a matter of im portanco ,to >tbe<Ddity;-what we poor insignificant creatines had for our dinger} and there w a vein of selection and predestination Running th roug^all of them; thei? heavens are all heavens of exclusion, into which none but theirpwn votarieawill beadmitted; and although ; »they see the sun Bhining equally on all, and the earth yielding its fatness totlie children of men indis orim|nately without partiality or'dis* tin9tion,, thjt instrwjtion pleads all in vain to'thetf. .. Before Ienter uponthe subject of the religion of the Esquimaux, however, I . nay, m. a few .words, explain my own view's of theology in general. I believe thay,f #9 -rites are innocent and. in offepsiye pyery religion is the right one if its votaries worship in sincerity and truth,\and. every inftocenfc and moral faith-^will -lead -its believers to , tbe desired goal,. There is nonnecessity for |the Catholic and Protestant, 'the Jew "ot the* Gentile, fighting here for room. hereafter,; because it is now a fixed,And settled:; axiom in *. astronomy that-space is '.boundless, endless, and totally illimitable; andifthatisso-and it muBt be true-it follows'as a matter of course! that there is room enough for allfpap^ies. ' " : Mr. McInues, our very I worthy. Presbyterian Cateohist, avers that a knowledge of the " Shorter Catechism" ia absolutely necessary for admission theiro.' Father; Maloney - declares that any one - who ",ates . mate' o\ Fridays" shall,not be admitted. , Bjshop ferry thumps' his desk and affirms "that maideps ,^ho .confirm iiuy wMto.aancl men who shirk the Tosponses.;wiil be excluded. . Dr. Cairns will open only for Sabbatarians and those wno make .the .seventh a day of gloom; and the Duke of Argylo, in his high position in tbe Imperial Parliament^ has publicly proclaimed that " tjiere is not a creed \- or f6ligi6n under the sun!-fit to be Relieved, by any really intelligent person;" I differ with all of them, and believe that! if these creeds are purified and have all exceptionable matter expunged from them, they are all ^obrrect,-and »'may and must ' be believed bv any really intelligent' person. The KoraanCatholio cross or cruoifix is objectionable' to the Pro. . testant,* * and- yet5 it . isj the ' holiest,' noblest emblem of his" religion, The wanfc bf form whibh characterises the Pre^yteria^.wo^hip is ^qbjeptiqriiible to vyot.ihe ministry of Cbpist .was equally plain and un pretending,. TherIftrqe.e vworsjiipa. the sun, tho most glot'ious - Visibl^- emblem of the inviBiblqrQod, and the/ voice of 1 nature, cries/.aloud to all,; vsaying-r " According to your works shall yo all be judged." Therefore beye!friends of the «fatherless/.^ ^d '' ^e riot; the orplffln'.'fro^ 'P^t; forth; youtf h&fad; Ho "r'escji^, jttie fallingmapi TD<J Let .j&e; ^flowi ^nfl jtrie.destitute, thej captive and the outcast, be youtf peculiar care, Eschew strong drink as ye would the basilisk. Covet not, steaNot)1 war not; swear not, and learii tov love your neighbour.1 Peed' the J raise the' fallen, and help the needy ";' wid what ever outward /forms may distinguish' your Religion, depend upon.it thatiit.is the true one, and there is none other. In my intercourse with the Esquimaux I discovered that even in their chcei' \- less Region there shone a dim rbligibuB light' far mori> suited to their circuit stances;' thrtn the abstract theology' which''^anisli.and' other missionaries wished to obtrude upon .them.... AYhen they left this world they said thoy would go into a region of everlasting ice, whore daylight dwelled around the happy slooping places., The beloved ice was always smooth there, and the walrus aud the seal, tho whito fox and tho ptarmigan, wore tamo and plentiful*, and doad whales lay by" :thqu6auds on the beach. Thero was no conditions of entry, because the people thero are all fis iin hocent as ohildren-they have nothing to steal, nothing to murder for, and the rigour of the climate prevents im-' morality ; and thoy only followed the example of the earlier . founders of faiths by paving their heaven with their own predilections on earth. The paradise of the lascivious Mahoramedan 18 Q heaven of sensuality. Mr. Mclnnes's is a gloomy,paradise of ever, lasting and unceasing, psalm-singing, houi-is and precentors-Fatirna and the Old Hundred lead off in each, The hoavon^ of tho iAinoriean Indian is full of buffalo and moose-deer j that of the (jold-soelung Jow is paved with gold, jaspers, and diamonds; that of the Parsee is illimitable fire; and the Esquimaux illimitable ice. In Joaa the Chinese worship a great gambling god, who estimates the.ra by their skill m dominoes, and tlioiV ljf$ yon is a fruitful tea garden. Tho IfiW /anlmulan tiact /ealander has introduced,pigs and po tatoes into his; and the Bhivoring Ice^ lander is perfectly satisfied with his present world of ice, and is e^nteht to go when called upon to tlie icy world abpve,. in perfect confidence . that he will bo admitted,'although hp bas.killed seals on tho Sabbath, and Dr. Cairns probably wearaeomooffcheir skins in his coat. Tho Dr., howevoiyhas confused ideas of-being amerced ; because his great grandmother was fond of apples, but tho shivering Icelander and sun burnt Moor seoin disinclined to punish the innocent for the guilty. I wish some of the missionaries would talio a leaf from their book. I cannot bplicvc that Sunday waa intended to bo a day of gloom, a day of fasting,' a day of morbid melancholy, or a day of dark ness; because the beauteous birds and all the lovely creatures which sharo this world with man, qnd drpw their inspiration direct from the great God who, made them, seem to mo to be more joyous oh that day than thoy aro on any other; and I daresay if Bishop 1 Parry, or Dr. Cairns, or Fatbor McGrath were half Btifled in a smithy from Monday morning till Saturday night they would think so too. They should thank Providence that they were made priests and hot blacksmiths But althpugh the votaries of all the | creeds on earth live in an almost uni versal discord, they .manage to agree on one point-tb'eV believe that tlie 1 ,e®*'h..is a mow. world, a young world, ' the creation of yesterday, and that man and the animals which, surround him were, its first inhabitants . and | therfy at any rate, they aro all wrong. Man and all thq other inhabitants jvhich now inhabit the ojirth came into existence during some part of tho ter j.tiary period, but there werd auimala in the secondary period as completely or ganised as those living now. And at various epochs in tho primary poriod ;highly; organised living creaturos held dominion' over the world, but. have no connection,.consanguinity, or ancestry with those of the second or third period.. Their .existence admits of no doubt, bocause some of themselves aro here to prove it. ' Not like thin ghosts or disombodiod croa turos { ; But with thoir bonoa, nncl tooth, and limba, and features." Dr.iFhulrot, the eminent, geologist and mathematician, estimates that the J "neutral periods"* which ; separated theso classes of Jiving creatures is in | calculable, .and. cannot be explained by Arabio ? numerals. Wo all know how ! rapidly these numerals acquire power. t How the figure 1 soon' acquires Strength by having one, two, throo, four, or five ciphers annexed to it; and, I nevertheless,, to explain by these nu merals the distance in years which separates the primary from tho tertiary period would require, siiys Dr. Fhulrofc, | a; line of . figures at least seventeen miles long. . It is ^therefore obvious t.hat tho chronology of the world is beyohd human;comprehension, and can neither bo estimated, nor - conjectured, I and man in place of being tho first of its inhabitants is ostensibly the ltfat 5 and those who-founded 'the daty from which we dorivo our chronology were I unaware that the skeletons of .extinct 1.animals lay in thousands benoath their, most ancient rocks.; Tho slow deposit of coal, the slower deposit of lime stone, and the long.ahd dreary accumu* ? Iation of Siluria lie like mighty tomb. [ stones over the remains or creatures which once trod proudly on the world, but whether they came into exiBtonce by special creation;or by natural solec ' turn wo do. not and never can know, because there is a gulf of time betwow* us and them - that science * or' research cannot bridge ovep or reduce. 1 '. Noithor mortal lior iinmortftr sight ' Can'.^iaroo! acrosa: through its intensost mghb." . r'f ? . Koftspning frbm thoso truths I con elude that t!^, Esquimaux will beuefit nothing by missionary instruction, and his own child-like- innocence will lead him to Heaveii his own way." If that, !?aoc.eu®® in ^oXalahce'I'be lieve if -would* weigh down "the mission aries ahd^all-'tlieii* theology! isnot' yet >prepared.'fo^> sooular, tuition, nor' will lib be*until his; corporal frame is I ^ore'highly'devbloppd by natural'aelec-' tl0»: .^^yejopirjoht' produces intellect, .and lUtellect'spiritualises.manand gives (?him poweiJsixjf.' ubiquit^ov&fl;'oneAi'th1. Men^j y,isiofl;piorco9 through the earth and space, * seeing things l exactlyi as: thoy / are,: as iis. oxempliflod in dreams .and in the acts of somnabulists. : I; once in a . dream'- read1 a1 JoVtion of 'a book whicji I had inever before seen or heard of, and I discovered;;a.ftervyard.s that' my rohding, wan cdrreot) Probably some off my readers have done tho same. ,\ There aro stranger things-in Hpaven and earth than havo yet been (Jrcamed of' in our 'philosophy. But the darpontor hns: announced thnt tho sledge i« ready* u.nd all things pvopnYo'd' for a wcek'ri excursion' on shore. I go in quest of new adventures for another chapter. (To be Continued.) 