lEIXTIR^CTS. I English, American, ana" Foreign Harry Erskine made a neat remark to Walter Scott after he got his Clerkship of Session, The scheme to bestow it on bim had been begun by the Tories, but was completed by the Whigs, and after tbe fall of the latter, Kbrry met the new Clerk, and congratulated bim on MB ap-" pointaient, which he liked all the better, as it was a Lay of the Last Ministry ! A dramatic oritio says that he overheard a gentleman observe to another in a stall at the theatre one night recently, " Look at that painted old woman ; old and parohed as she is, they say that she can still turn men's beads." " Yes, but the other way," was the reply. A man, who have pretended to see a ghost, was asked what the ghost Baid to him ? " How should I understand," replied the narrator, " what he said ? I am not skilled in any of the ' dead languages'." An Irish gentleman having a small picture room, several persons desired to see it at the same time. "Faix, gentlemen," said he, "if you-all go in it will not hold you." Medical students who are about to pass through the ordeal of examination may advan- tageously, perhaps, copy the reply of a Frenoh student, who was being examined by a famous physician in Paris. He describes to the per plexed aspirant for medical honours a disease cnlminating hy degrees to the most dangerous , symptoms, and asked, " What would you. then prescribe, or do !" The student, after a slight hesitation replied, " I should send instantly for you." Ho gets his diploma, of course. We understand 'bat a a portrait of the late Emperor Napoleon has been added to Madam Tussaud's exhibition. Once his fame was on the wane, now it is clearly on the wax. i Lady : " There is someone singing in a very disagreeable voice down stairs, Sarah ; I wish you would stop it !"-Sarah : " Ob, mum, it's only Mary practising seconde." During the late gales the 6ca gained BO much j upon the Ness Point, Lowestoft, that the foun- dations of the low lighthouse have been broken up and shattered as if by gunpowder. Work- men are preparing <to remove the structure 100 yards farther inland. The lighthouse stands on iron pillars, and will prebably be romoved entire, so that the light will continue to be exhibited. The shore ends of several telegraph cables are exposed at this put of the eastern coast. À line of telegraph between Birmingham and London ia now ia practical operation on the double-current system-that ia to say, currents pass in opposite directions on one wire simn lantaneously, olerks at both stations can be transmitting messages at the same moment, and the. receivers receiving from the instruments used for the purpose An essential condition to the perfect; working of the plan is that the two cúrrente shall be of equal strength, other i wise the weaker would be beaten Uokand the -signale xeadexed -WHaveUigible. The death is announced) at an advanoed age, of Mr. J. Thorogood, an inhabitant 'of Springfield, Essex. Mr. Thorogood was im- prisoned iii Chelmsford Gaol for a long period for refusing to pay Churoh rates, and the abo- lition party throughout tbe kingdom subscribed for him a considérable sum of money, with which he built a TOW of houses on Springfield Hill, Chelmsford Lady (reads}: «' Subjeot-Athlete, aftfjr Rubens."-Swell (who is sceptical and «illy» you ¿now) : " He hasn't caught hit» yet, Georgie, has he, though ?' [Lady is prudently silent ] Old Lady : "Hi ! Do you go the. Angel ?" -Conductor : " Here y'are, mum ! We oaa soon ohange yer into one 1" On Sunday night, Feb. 2â, the Rev. Jam*» Campbell, Catholic priest, dred in great agony near Diogheda, from mortification, supposed to be brought ou by the unskilful paring *f ft «am on one of hñ feet. Elward Neil, a journeyman tailor in Glas- gow, has been fined 21s., with the alternative oi imprisonment, for disorderly behaviour. Ti» mather-in law of the prisoner had died is * ' house in Qneen-street, and while the corpse im there waiting fur interment, the prisoner oana in and created a disturbance, threatening to oat his wife's tiiTsai, and aotually dragged tbe de» J body down the stair of the house almost into tim street. 