SURRXETATTLE AIRCASTLE'S MINISCENCBS. ' Mb. tiredmak'S TALE. Chatter vjlll. ftcontinued.) Perceiving that I could do nothing with Pat, I determined to try Mac. Mr. Macwimo, when are you thinking about going homo. " "Wlia urc yi cawin maester, I widd lite t'. ken. My name's Sandy Macwime,. and my puir auld mitlier's au honest wee! daein wirnin, leeviii in Glesky, and I'm au honest man, ' ths aoblest wurk o' Crod,' as Kabbio Burns widd say. Ae, lie wis a grand poet that, in fac he dings thom a1. B'-thi-bye, did that freen o' Tours, 'Auld Xangsine,' he maun hi been a Scottie t' 1 kin b' his name. Did that freen o' yours, keu on7 ane thi name o'Davuck Macwhustle, wha lived in a little village in your kiutrie, caw'd Jjunin. lie wis a saxth cuisn o moin on my faethers side, and wis reportit as bein unco weel t' elaa> doon there, X wis ettlin t' gang and see him ufore I caum oofc here, but I furgot so I didna gang; B'-the-bye did yo over keu or hear o' a laddio they caw'd Robbie, yeer aiu Christian uame-sakej Bobbie Bruise. Weel, if ye didna ken um, a michty lot o' your kintrey foulk faund oot wha he wis, fur he killed and hurried aboot threty thoosind, and chased saventy or auchty thoosind mare fur money a lang mile ance upon a time. "Se wis enquirin whaan I wis gaun hame, weel t' toll ye the truith, I dinua think 1*1 ever be able t' save is mimey bawbees as taek me owes the "muokle dibb," to see my puir auld mither agen'; heigh, hie. Seeing that Macwime was also oblivious, I nest tried Mr. l'iredman, " I presume, Mr. Tired man, you will soon be able to find your way home." " "What did you indicate my lord prince, 3 taps and 2 extra make 4, and 4 and half-a-dozen indi cate a total of number 17. which indicates that 17 less 6, which magnifies a teetotal quantity. Beg • pardon, my Lord, but them two youn" persons have no bottoms, as I shall presently demonstrate' by turning them upside down (here Mr. T., after much fumbling, managed to get hold of two bottles, but all ho could do ho couldn't get them to stand on their head3.) " There, now, I told you they had no bottoms, it is therefore clearly demonstrable that they havo got'no feet; the difficulty therefore arises, how are they to be made to stand up ; why, my dear young friends, by just making them, lie down (here Mr. T. turned them over on their sides), which simple operation, my brethren, leads mo to the conclusion that their spirits hare departed, that there is no life in them. And this position, my dear young frieuds and companions, you will all have to-occupy some of these days. As for mySelf and a few more, we will be translated, translated into Beu-eT-o-lent In-sti-too-tions." Mr; Tiredman then made a dive underneath the bed, where I had hidden, as I thought, two or three bottles of the O.P.P.B., in case of accident, and came out with a couple in his fingers, emptied one of them in a twinkling, and put the other in his pocket. Comin onie, Pat. Comin ome, Mac." "Yis, mi boie, oim riddy." . Fitzluilie then got up and felt his way along the side of the beadstead. When he came to the nob on the end of the rod at the bottom, ho caught hold of it (taking it, I suppose, for the nob on the door), and commenced screwing away at it with might and main, contorting his countenance at the same time, until swaying a little to the one side, he noticed the exaggerated reflection in the glass opposite (which was one of the " Cheap John" kind), and imagining, I presume, it was some one making faces at him, he stretched out his legs in order to steady himself, and proceeded to make in return, a series of the most comical, hedious, and absurd faces, I do believe, that were over beheld. Finally, ha put his digits up to his nose to give extra oflect, which exhibition was reflected with great exaggeration in the mirror. He then howled out, "Oa, mi cuuthrey, b' jabbers, oi can't shtand haen made game uv any lounger." Scrambling over,, he • gave the poor glass such a whack, as sent it to smithereens on the floor, himself sprawling after it, bleeding and squeaking liko a stuck pig. l'iredman and Macwime were rolling • about on the floor in convulsions. Indeed, I was afraid Mac would burst on my hauds. He was lying on his back, kicking his legs, and flourishing his arms about like drumsticks, every now and :_thon coming thump down on his rather visiblo corporation, and emitting a smothered rigmarole, which sounded something-like " Saudie, Saudie, my man, what's the maeter wi ye, yer sharley no gaun t' dee, what'll my puir auld mither dae. ^O, dear, 0, dear, sae far awa fae hame, tV Wull nae bodie gae me a thumle fu a something t' keep me fao chockin. 0 my puir auld mither, I'l no did agen. I'l bo a guid bairn. Dinna let me deo ^his time, an I'l change. 1*1 tack a turn fur tin —"rbitter.-'---I'l repenfc~^I!l -hR Tqnvfrtpfr.-^- O-T.«W^ -. - myipuir. auld mithcr?' I broke tlio neck off a J bottle of O.P.P.B., and gare him a vase': full, after drinking wliieli,. he said lie felt betteiyand , - " widd jisfc gang and lie doou in tlic corner and tack a sleep,' which I allowed the poor miser able man to do. It will, I am afraid, be so ^ , t"o the end, creep away into a comer and die like . a dog. I now turned my attention to Tiredman, and found that he had got hold of a bottle, .containing a mixture of sulphur and turpentine, '.which I was.in the habit of using occasionally, as . a sort of counter irritant for my rheumatics, and '. thinking, I suppose, it contained some elisor . . .which would allay convulsions, put it to his mouth, and before I could prevent the mistake, had ", imbibed a fair dose. The result, of course, was ' disastrous. In order to put out the flames which the poor wretch said were blazing up his throat, .. be got hold of the large " ewer" belonging to the wash stand, which happened to be full of water, . and in his eagerness to swallow the contents, _ nearly drowned himself, finishing the performance 7 by letting it fall on the floor, where it was smashed to atoms. Beally this was delightful. • • S«rved me right, its all my own fault. I had no occasion to accept the present. Well, if I hod •ent it back, my friend would have considered himself insulted. Never mind, do what your education or conscience tells you is right. This I intend to do in future, and if my merchant friend or any other person sends me a present of \- liquor, I will send it back with my compliments :. and reasons for not accepting it. I believe, nay, ' I am quite certain, they will like me all the .. better for being so candid; have more confidence in me; and admire my resolution in thus resisting teoftjtion. .But.I must go and get a drink. of cold water, for I felt as if my head _• would split. I therefore went down stairs and procured a drink, and on coming back, beheld something ludicrous, to say the least of it. There was Tiredman on his knees, amongst the muck •nd rubbish he had made on the floor, with his hands up at his head, violently endeavoring to get it out of a certain indispensable utensil, which, I suppose, he had mistaken for bis hat, but there \- it stuck, hard and fast, his cranium being of a peculiar formation, terminating in a great over hanging lobe at the back. But Revet was not now in the proper frame of mind to consider his . peculiar formation, as he got up and danced about the room, giving vent to the most unbearthly, hollow, guttural sounds ever heard by mortal ears. Presently his foot came against . something on the floor, which sent him over on 'bis face, or rather where his face ought to have been, and broke a piece out of the utensil, thereby displaying a portion of his nose, mouth, and cheek, exhibiting a phenomenon not easily described. On recovering himself a little, and getting on his legs, he gasped out that he was now convinced, beyond the shadow of a doubt, tbat fiends and spirits were a profound reality, . and no delusion, as pointing to his head he declared that the fiends or spirits of the convicts disembodied by Bamford, the hangman, would certainly have done for him if it had not been for the ghost of his friend, Mr. Beebles, who had known him in the flesh, and persuaded his companions to allow him to cut the rope and let him go, but that he couldn't get rid of the "night cap " they had pulled over his head, and that he mtTstTcall upon his friend, Jlr. Diddle Done, to get him to call up hit fiends to take it off. Remembering that I had some " rum spirits" hid away in a flask,"in my valise, I got thom out, and took a good dose myself, to try and get rid of my terrific headache and set me right, the same as the O.P.P.B. had done to Macwime. But a perusal of the following lines will show how they acted on my organization for a short time. I then laid Tiredman on his back, and managed to make him swallow a few. I then gave the " night cap " a tap, when hey presto it vanished. Jfa sooner, however, was this simple operation performed, than there commenced a general hubbub amongst the boxes and things in the room. (Continued in our next.) 