FICTION. ;!UtM American» and other ] BEFORE WÍD & TIDE. <r*rom English«! American, and otter Periodicals.) BY FRANCES ACTON. CHAPTER XL!. PARTED. What'er befalls, the ein Of ill the deed 'tia I moat «ni wer for The bapl«M wife, that on thy house and thee Brought raia l-àheridan Knowla. Madeline's voice rose into a shnek as she spoke, and the detective sprang forward only just m time to prevent ber sinking into the floor. Lord Roehampton looked at Mr. Cameron with a pained and angry expression on his face. " Is what she says true ?" he asked, coldly, as the father bent over his insensible child and strove to restore her. Mr. Cameron did not speak-did not even hear ?o intent was he on Madeline's pale features " Is it true ?" te asked again, sternly. And Mr. Black replied : ' Yes, my lord, it is." " True that there is a child living of which Miss Madeline Cameron was the mother, before her mar- riage with my son P. The look of horror on his face was something to see. And again the detective replied, for Mr. Cameron seemed as if he could not utter a word : " Quite true, my lord, but not m tbe way you think. There is a chüd, but it is lawfully born You've a lot to learn jet, my lord, when Mr Came- lon there feels able to talk to you. The young lady ia not to blame, nor your son either. "They are both much obliged to you for your advocacy, I have no doubt," said his lordship haughtily. " Mr. Cameron, will you favour me with an explanation of this person's most extraordinary statement ? I confess to being quite in the dark as to what it means at present " " In a moment, my lord-m a moment. Let me take my poor child to her room fust. Don't tremble io, Maddy, my darling. It must be told sooner or later. Remember, it is no sm we have to speak of. You bave paid dearly for jour folly in what you have suffered " " Folly '" said his lordship, with something vary like a sneer on bis angry face. "A mddword to use." "Just BO, my lord," said the imperturbable Mr Black, "but if s the nghtword, for all that. Let me bear a hand, Mr. Cameron. I'll be as gentle as a woman with her, poor dear. Ah ' the trouble she's gone through has been too much for her, and no wonder." They bore Madeline tenderly away to her room ; and m a few minutes returned to where they had left Lord Roehamptou in a state of bewilderment more easily imagined than described. "Mrs. Koehampton is, better, I trust5" he said, somewhat stiffly. He could not speak otherwise with suspicion rampant in his mind. "She is, thank you," Mr Cameron replied. "And now, my lord, I will explain what seemed so mys tenous m her words. It is a pitiful story, and my girl hss paid dearly for her share of it," " A shameful one I doubt, sir " " No ; on my honour, it is not. We traders, as you who are nobly born love to call us, have as keen a sense of honour and right as the proudest wearer of the noblest coronet in the land. My girl should never have been your son's wife with any stain such as yon fancy on her name." Lord Roehampton made no verbal answer, but an almost imperceptible shrug of his shoulders told bis thoughts. "Sit down Mr. Black," Mr. Cameron said. " Is it a tale for other ears °" asked bis lordship, taking out his snuff-box, and refreshing himself with a pinch. " For Mr. Black's ears, my lord-he already knows it" "Indeed'" " Yes, it was neceesarj." "Why?" "You wdl understand when you have heard all. It has materially assisted his operations, I be- lieve." "That it baa-knowing what I know-given me the clue to the fellow that went off last night. The devil forsake him, say I, and then perhaps honest folks may get a chance at bim Go on, sir, make a clean breast of it to his lordship. He ought to know all about it." " I thought it only a family secret, pertaining only to my child and me," the banker said, " but recent events have opened a new fear m my heart which I cannot keep concealed from him You may not hold me guiltless in the matter when J ou have heard all, my lord, but Heaven will -I can take that comfort to my heart, at anj rate " Lord Roebampton made no answer, but motioned with his hand as if he would say "go on," and Mr. Cameron told his tale. It was a hard thmg to tell this proud, haughty old man, that the girl his son had married had made a mesalkance with her father's groom-that a child had been born by this union, which Madeline herself and Mr. Black believed to be still alive. "I cannot understand it," Mr Cameron said, piteously " I saw the record of its death, and stood ty the grave where they had laid it. I believe the Snpenor of the convent to be an honourable trnth telling woman, who would not deceive me, indeed, she had no motive in doing so ; no scandal or blame could have come upon her m the matter." " Depend upon it she was deceived herself, sir," Btruok m Mr. Black. "If tbe woman Desiree Burt is the same woman that passes as Stephen Carlyon's wife now, she ia capable of anything She's as art- ful as a fox, and as slippery as an eel-that's what she is." "But why should she wish the child to live?" asked Lord Roehampton, puzzled. "What was it to her?" "Nothing to ner, my lord, bnt everything to him." "To him-why0" His lordship put all his question« now to the de- tective . Mr. Cameron's trembling Ups could hardly be trusted to speak. " Why, îtfs his, my lord - that is, unless we'^e found a mare's nest, and I don't think we have, somehow." " How 1 This man's-this thief-the Stephen Car- lyon you are trying to catch °" " Just so " " Well, but what has he to do with Mrs Roehamp- ton, my son's unfef" " Why, Lord love yon, sir, don't yon see? That's the man she married, unless I've been running after a ghost." , "The man she marned! Lord Roehampton sat staring blankly at him with a look of wild horror on hu face. He heard the words, but failed to realise all they implied until he saw Mr. Cameron's head drop upon hu hands, and beard the groan which admitted the homble truth "The man she marned !" he repeated. " But you said he was dead." "Thought to be dead, my lord-believed to be buried, there's a stone with his name on it at Thirle mont You saw it, and had the pnesf g word for it as saw bim die, didn't you, au- '" "As Heaven hears me, I did," said the banker, and, ob, what a worn, aged face, he raised from his clasping hands ' Lord Roehampton was white with passion. " Ana my sou has sacrificed himself to degrada- tion like this," he groaned. " Mr Cameron, I will not add to your suffering by telling you what I think of your double dealing m the matter From this hour all connection between Mr Roehampton and your daughter must cease " "My lord I" "He is no longer under age I know, and I have no legal right to control his actions, but I will not countenance his living in adultery with another man's wife Ah, I know they are disagreeable words to use. but, by your own showing, they are true He will have enough spirit left, I trust, if he baa not left it all behind the tradesman's counter he forsook me to preside at, to see the necessity fcr giving up a connection at once disgraceful and ruinous." " Stop, Lord Roehampton, if you please " Mr Cameron was roused now, and he drew him- self up and looked down upon the peer, Who felt he had made a mistake m thus speaking to his son's father-in law " Before you accuse us of any double dealing, make sure that there has been any When your son sought my daughter, be was as unwelcome a wooer as any man that ever asked a child at her father's hands I did not want to lose her I had recovered her too lately for that I only gave my consent on one condition-that Madeline should tell him, with hex own lips, before they were married, the secret of her life. "And she did * 'She did, my lord." "AU of it?" " All but one thing." " And that was-" " The fact that she had been mother as well as wife. I did not know she had concealed it until afterwards. The child was dead and buried-at least we thought so, Heaven help us '-and no good would be done by raking up the past" "I thank you for your candour now at all .vents," his lordship replied. " I wonder my son had not more sense of what was due to himself than to enter into snch an alliance May I ask you one question, Mr Cameron *>" "Any that you can ask I will answer if I can " "How is it that you, with your presumed high principias, have suffered those young people to live on m their unholy union ? You knew of the hor- rible facts, and yet you permitted the scandal to go on." " I did not know, my lord-I do no not know now -no on* will know bil this phantom likeness of your son shall be captured and brought face to face with bim Dreaded, doubted, fancied, if you will -but I did not, and do not know I know that this man, or fiend, or whatever he may be, has embittered your son's life and mine, and caused mj daughter sorrow and terror unutterable But, had I had any proof laid before me that mj dread was a truth, they would have separated at once You judge us all too harshly, m j lord, we are not quite what j ou think us." " Perhaps I have run to a conclusion too hastily Does your daughter think as j ou do-that this man is her first husband "" " Maddy would not have lived with your son one hour after such a thought entered her head, Lord Roehampton. She does not know herself, nor guess, what we fear If we are guilty in the matter, she is not" " There's no guilt anywhere tdl you find out the truth," Mr Black said, bluntly " You don't know it's the man Time enough to cry out about bigamy and all that sort of nonsense, when you do " " But, if it ia so, bow about the child-the baby that I fondled but now, and called my heir * What will become of him ?'" " He ahall be mj care through life, my lord-my heir when I die, after his mother, of course Your lordship can take any course j ou please now that you know all our history, and all we have to fear But, as a man of the world, I may hint that to do anything just now would be to make a scandal which the world will not be slow to make use of The name of Roehampton need never Buffer by it if-' " If we all keep still tongues m our heads," struck in Mr Black " Say it is the mau-he is known as Stephen Cailyon, nothing else-we need not publish that he has a name that baa any interest for us as well Look here, mj lord, I've no busi- ness to put my finger in the pie-'tam't my busi- ness, but I'm a blunt man, and I've daughters of my own That poor thing's m trouble, BO'S Mr Cameron here-worse trouble than you ever knew You ve got your son back as you never thought to be glad to Bee, and things might be a deal worse, though he is so ill Don't you thmk you might help him to bear it, like, instead of railing at what can't be helped, and may turn out a mare's nest, after allp" Madeline entered at the moment with her child upon her arm, and her face brighter "Noelis awake," ehe said, timidly, "and asking for j ou, mj lord" "I will come," he said, rising, and then lajinghis hand upon Madeline's shoulder, he made her look at him Noel's father should have been told as well as Noel, my dear," be said as pleasingly as he could, and with evident effort " Go and tell him I will come to him directly " " You will not visit it on her ? ' Mr Cameron said, imploringly, after Madeline had withdrawn ' I will not, she is not to blame I shall take my son home as soon as he can be moved-the most cen- sorious will see no harm in that-and we will trust to time to unravel the mystery and set things straight" " And they'll come straight, never you fear," the detective said, when the door closed on Lord Roe- hampton " I'd give a year's earnings to catch that fellow and prove that he was the man I want, but not the one you fear You'll telegraph to me in London, Mr Cameron, if j ou please, the slightest in- formation bearing on the case .*" " I will, you may rely on it " " And I'll go and report myself defeated for almost the first time m my life Oh, Mr Stephen Carlyon, if ever I do catch j ou, you'll remember this to the last day of your life I" When Lord Roehampton went to his son, Madeline returned to her father, and laid her hand on his loved head " Papa," she said, " look upward-apeak to me " He looked up, and she took his head, worn gray with sorrow, m her hands " Teil me all, papa," she said. "All what, my darling?" " All that j ou and Lord Roehampton have been talking about I heard a little, and I guess more Father as you love me, tell me truly, is that man alive?" "My child,I-" "Don't hesitate, papa, the truth will not be BO hard to bear as the torturing anxiety and suspense I have known lately I can read it in jour face-you know he is " " I fear it " "Fear! It is certainty- and what am Is Ob, Noel, Noel '" " You are a wronged, innocent woman, my dar- ling-no more, most unhappy, but sinless m this matter " " \nd mv baby-oh, papa, what will become of him" What is he5" " My grandson, dear-never forget that I will not, and I will take caie the world does not either " It was hard to tell and hard to hear that m all probability her marriage vow had been no more binding than if it had been traced in sand on the sea- shore- that her boy was a nameless child, with no place nor tie in the world save the love of those whose innocent em had given him life But Made- line bore the recital well The undefined dread which had haunted her bad taken a tangible shape at last and she knew the worst. " Noel must go," she said, with white and quiver- ing Ups ' It will be best, papa. Lord Roehampton will take him home with him.and he will only think it is for a time tdl he gets well Perhaps by then-" " Perhaps what, my dear ?" "All may be cleared up, or I maybe dead-who knows ?" " Well pray for the first, my girl Only keep up j our courage, my dear You are right m what jou decide N oel must go. But j ou-how will j ou bear the separation 9" " How do people bear mortal agonyp I must bear it, papa, though I could better bear to see bim die, knowing that I was bis wife My crime has brought me bitter punishment" Love is all-conquering, and Madeline put aside her passionate gnef, and went to ber husband with a calm face, if not with smiles He was too weak to talk much, but he listened to his father's proposal to take bim to Roehampton It was pleasant to think of seeing the old place again with no barrier of lll feel.ng between himself and bis father, and of wallang through the grounds with his wife by his side It was from Madeline's own lips that be learned she would notaccompanj him just yet, and, though her voice was sharp and shrill with suppressed agonj, there was no sign of it in her face. " Not go with me, Maddy ?" he asked, m surprise "Why?" She calmed hervoice,and choked down the gushing sobs that would come, and told him a story about her father's health, how he was threatened with another attack, such as had so unpleasantly Bignalised their wedding day , and after awhile he was satisfied " But you will come soon, my darling ? " he asked, drawing her to him and kissing her with tenderness, which made her almost forget her resolution, and cling to him with a desperate determination never to part from him, even though the man she feared should face her and claim her as his wife, but she controlled herself, and told him that she would come " As soon as I can, dear," she faltered , " as soon as-' " As you are quite satisfied about papa, of course, my darling I was selfish to wish j ou to leave him I am pleased to go home, Maddy-glad to leave Glasgow for awhile, I have suffered so much since I came here " Suffered ' Yes, and always through the man who had slipped through Mr Black's fingers- Madeline Cameron a husband, risen from the dead ' And so the days wore on, and in less than a week Lord Roehampton set off homewards with his son. Noel, pile and weak, knew nothing of the matter guessed not that, when Madeline pressed her cold lips to his so passionately, it was with the feehng deep down m her heart that she was parting from him for all time to come He went, content in the knowledge that he was restored to his place m his father's heart and his father in-law's estimation If people wondered at the fact of Madeline's re- maining behind they were readily answered-Mr Cameron's broken health, her own weakness, Mr Roehampton was going to travel, and she was not strong enough to accompany him Her pale looks bore out the assertion! much m her behalf, and it began to be rumoured that she was going into a decline. She was seldom seen out- J never without her father, and people talked, as I people will, when it was noticed that Noel Roehamp- ton did not come back Every reason but the right one was assigned for his non- appearance , but Made- line made no intimation of the truth A widow, who could don no weeds-put on no mourning She waited till time should clear up the mystery or open the portals of the grave, towards which, in her sor- row, she seemed to be making terribly rapid strides 