AMEEICA. THE VERDICT OF AMEEICA. ? A WENDELL PHILLIPS ON FBOUDE. ? » ? ~ . (From the Boston JDailg Advertiser.) The lecture in the Parker Fraternity Course last evening (December 3) was de livered by Mr. Wendell Phillips on the sub ject — ' Some inferences from Froude.' The attendance was larger — much larger than usual — and the enthusiasm, when Mr. Phil lips paid his glowing tributes to the charac ter of the Irish people, was frequently and freely manifested. The lecture was in sub stance as follows : — i Ladies and gentlemen, — I am to offer you ?one or two suggestions toucning.ivir. jereuae s lectures on the relations of Great Britain and Ireland. He said he came here to argue his case before the American people as a jury, and in my narrow way I wish to use the hour you lend me to-night in rendering a verdict. It was a great privilege to hear an English scholar's view of these critical relations between England and Ireland ; it ?was a theme deeply interesting to every student of English literature and politics, and the interest was deepened into gratitude ,' when with generous purpose he gave the re ceipts of those lectures to the sufferers of our great conflagration. I was gratified, also, at the channel which he chose for his address ] to the American people — the lyceum. It was ' 4i marked recognition of this new forum for the public discussion of great national ques tions ; it was a compliment, well deserved, to ?the impartiality and intelligence of the au- j ?diences which make up the great American ! lyceum. Of course, being Froude, it was ' brilliant and picturesque in narrative, ' graphic, instructive, and if he did not bring us many new facts, at least in the manner in which he told the old ones he revealed the mood, the temper of mind, with which Eng land looks at the question to-day, and that of itself is a great revelation. Home Took said once, when tribbon wrote his autobiography, than a man who had anything to conceal ought to do anything rather than write his : own life, that he should beg his worst enemy to write it before he trusted the unconscious betrayal of what he would have been but too willing to conceal. So I think in the mode, in the stand-point, in the whole inspiration of these fine testimonies to the relation of Great Britain and Ireland, we have the latest and the most authentic and the most trustworthy declaration of the mode in TfrVn/ili +.n A Innnmo T7iinflicnmor» r\T fA-n*nr vd gard the Irish question. We all had reason, to expect a scholar's treatment, to expect that he would bring order out of chaos, that the tangled web of this Irish history which had confused all students and puzzled the most patient inquirer, would be straightened out and cleared up. For one,' I never expected the exact statement, the close narrative, the logical sequence, or the instinct of the his torian, for I think it cannot be said that Mr. Froude has ever written anything that he is a fervid, brilliant, and earnest writer of pamphlets ; and grouping together these two line presentations of the Irish question, after all they are so discordant, so partisan, so fragmentary, so one-sided, that it only runs in the line with the character of his whole literary work. If he had not had occasion ; to name frequently the O'Connells, the O'Neills, the Fitzgeralds, the Geraldines, the ! Clairs, and the Desmonds, I should hardly | have known, as I listened, that it was an : Irish story. In my hasty way I have had occasion to study somewhat at length the history of Ireland in its relations to the Eng lish Government, and I confess, with the exception of the dates and the names, I should not have recognised the picture which the brilliant essayist drew. I remember once Mrs. Butler read for us a striking extract from ' Marmion.' I have declaimed it; listened to it, sung it, and crooned over it a 'hundred times, and when I heard it announced it seemed to me it would be but a tame piece to listen to ; but when the deep studied and unequalled voice and that soul that permeates all her public readings gave me the piece anew, I thought I had never it at all. So when I listened to this history of .Fronde's, taking out the names and the dates, I did not recognise the story. No doubt it was fair enough to England. With rare justice, he painted her as black as she deserved. That is honestly to be said. But having given one broad, liberal black pig ment to the whole camras, he took it off and brightened up the lines. As it was said of Sir Joshua Reynolds, that he would proclaim an artist the first of painters, and then in de tail deny him every quality of the artist, so Froude, having told us in a sentence of mar vellous fra.ikness that Elizabeth was charge able with every fault that a ruler could commit, that she lacked every quality of a worthy ruler, went on piece by piece to say that in no other possible way but the one she took could she have met the exigencies of her reign. Then when you turn to Ireland, every statement, I think, of the Englishman, is false, false in this sense, that it clutched at every idle tale which reflected upon Ire land, while it subjected to just and merci less scrutiny every story that told against England. ±ie painted the poverty, the anarchy, the demoralisation, the degrada tion of Ireland for the last three centuries, as if it stood out exceptional in Europe, as if every other kingdom was bright, and this was the only dark and disgusting spot on the continent ; whereas he knew, and would not if questioned have denied, that the same poverty, the same reckless immorality, the same incredible ignorance which he attributed to the population of Ireland was true to France at that day, true to England at the same period, truer still of Scotland at every date that he named. And then when he came to the public men of Ireland he painted them monsters of corruption, steeped in the utmost subserviency, : in the most en tire readiness to traffic for votes and prin ciples, when he knew. that, all that being granted, these men were only toiling and panting in their narrow capacity to lift them selves up to the level of the corruption of their English brothers. (Applause.) He painted every leading Irishman but Grattan either as a noisy demagogue or a childish sentimentalist, and even 'Grattan, when he had said that he was honest, he finally ended him by painting him as a simpleton. I know that you can pick out of his lectures here and there a jusfc sentence of acknow ledgment ; but I am endeavouring to give bhe result of all the discourses — the impres sion that would be left on the patient listener after hearing them all. Now, it 3eems to me that all this indicates the par bisan, the phamphlcteer, the pleader of a cause, not an impartial searcher after a great truth, or the generous and frank acknow ledgment of a great national error. Some men were surprised that an Englishman should bring to this country a question ap parently of 'so little interest as the relations of Ireland, but it would be only a superficial thinker that would be led into that mistake. The relations of Ireland are the gravest, the most important feature of England's political life. Eight years ago I was hissed in Cooper Institute for having said that England was a second-rate power on the chess board of Europe, but to-day her journalists have ! ceased to deny the fact, and . are engaged in an .explanation of why she is so. And the two great influences which have made her fall from a first-class Power is the neglect and oppression of her own masses, and seven centuries of unadulterated and infamous op pression of Ireland. Mr. Froude told us with epigrammatic force and great truth that the wickedness of nations was always punished, that no matter how long Provi- ; dence waited, in the end of the wickedness of - a race was answered by the punishment of - their descendants. England has held for ; seven centuries, to the lips of her sister : Ireland a poisoned chalice. Its ingredients were the deepest contempt, the most un measured oppression, injustice, such as the world hardly ever saw before. As Mr. Froude said,. Providence to-day is holding back that same cup to the lips of the mother country, which has within a dozen years felt the deep punishment of her long in justice to Ireland. Ten years ago, when Germany pressed to the wall the small kingdom of Denmark, which gave to Eng land her Princess of Wales, England longed to draw her sword ; when two years ago Bismarck snubbed her in the face of all Europe, again and again insulted her, smote her actually in the face, England longed to draw her swerd, but she' knew right well j that the first cannon she fired at a , first-rate Fowcr Ireland would stab her in ; the back. Checkmated, she cannot move on the chessboard of the great Powers, and one of the causes of this sudden crippling of her powers is ti.*- Irish question. - I clo not won der at all thhl the thoughtful Englishman SUUU1U 1'Juo tU UAjJUUH. UU OUU tVUllU, 1L UU GilU, how the steps by which his country has been brought to this step have been inevitable, that by no wit of statesmanship, by no gene rosity of high-toned and magnanimous honour could sue have avoided the path in. which she is treading. If Mr. Froude could make out that proposition, if he could con vince the world through the American people that England accepted the inevitable ? fate which the geographical proximity of Ireland had entailed upon her, it would have gone half-way to wipe out th6 clots on his coun try's fame. I do not wonder he should make the attempt. I believe that instead of Eug land having conquered Ireland, that in the true, essential statement of the case, as it stands to-day, Ireland has conquered Eng land. She has summoned her before the bar of the civilised world to judge the justice of her legislation ; she has checkmated her as a power on the chessboard of Europe ; she has monopolised the attention of her .statesmen ; she has made her own island the pivot upon which the destiny of England turns, and her last great statesman and present Prime Minister, Mr. Gladstone, owes whatever fame he has ' to the supposition that at last he has devised a way by which he can conciliate , Ireland and save his own country. But in all the presentations of the case it seems to. me that our English friend has been a partisan and nota judge. Let me illustrate in one or two instances what I consider the justice of this charge. The population of Ireland, previous to 1811, is wholly matter of guess. There never was a census till after this century had opened. Sir William Pettie, Fynes Morrison, the secretary of Lord Mount] oy, and others have formed an estimate of the different periods of the population of Ireland. No^y, what I. charge as a proof of the partisanship is that whenever it served his purpose to adopt a small guess in order to excuse an English in justice or to bear hardly down- on the critical condition of the Irish, he has always selected the smallest possible estimate. Whenever it served his purpose, on the contrary, to ex aggerate the moral inefficiency of the Irish people, the divided councils, the 'quarrel-' some generations,' the totally inefficient race, compared with some interval of Eng lish rule- he has always adopted the largest JiLLUo&i; JL !U1 J.lJ.OUCLJLLUJ-'j -UJU.^ iLlOLVJ.JLU.lL O v-JULU.iuiu\/ of the ? population of Ireland was made about the year 1600, the beginning of the seventeenth century, which was made by Tynes Morrison. He puts it at from 500,000 to 600,000. Mr. Froude adopts this when he wants to say that James I., in confiscating six of the best counties in Ireland and settling them on his followers, was not very harmful, because he says there were very few inhabi tants in Ireland, and. room enough for a great many more, I do not see myself by what principle he would justify a despot in confis cating the counties of Essex, Suffolk, Nor folk, Middlesex, Bristol, and Worcester, turn out all the inhabitants, and give the pro perty to aliens, because there was a great deal of vacant land in Nebraska. (Laughter and applause.) I do not see any exact moral principle. Then he brings us down to 1641 49, the era when Cromwell with 14,000 troops subdued Ireland. Then it is his pur pose as an advocate to swell Ireland into large proportions, and show you a great peo ple^swept like a herd of stags before one single powerful English hand. Then lie tells us that Sir WilliamPettiehas estimated the population of Ireland in 1641 at a million and a half of human beings, an estimate which Hallam calls prodigiously vain, and it is one of the most marvellous estimates in history. Here was an island, poverty-stricken, scourged by war, robbed of its soil, and still it had trebled in population in about thirty-eight years, when with all our multitudinous and un counted emigration, with all our swelling prosperity, with all our industry and peace, with all our fruitful lands and no touch of war — with all this, it took our country more time than that to treble. It took France 166 years to treble, but this poverty-stricken, war-ridden, decimated, starved race, trebled in a quarter the time. However,'having put down that point, the advocate goes on in order to exaggerate the trebled immorality and frightful fratricidal nature of Irish life, and tells you that in the next nine years this curious population, which has trebled four times quicker than any nation in Europe, lost 600,000 in the wars. How the wars became so much more dangerous and bloody and exhaustive in these nine years than in the thirty-eight before, nobody explains. He tells us ' there were 900,000 men, women, and children when Cromwell came to Ireland. These 900,000 were the old, the young, the women, the decrepid, the home-keepers. Cromwell landed with 14,000 men, and how many did he meet? How many did this population send out to meet; him ? Two hundred thousand men ! E very other man in the island went out. When France elevated herself with gigantic energy to throw back the utter disgrace of German annuuiation, now many men cua sue puc into the field ? One in fU'ty. When Germany, moved to the contest for the imperial dignity of Europe, raised all her power to crush France in that terrible struggle, how many did she raise? One in thirty- five. When the South-, ? in her terrible conflict with us, was said' to have emptied every thing but her game-yards into the camps, how many did she send out? One in twenty. But this poverty-stricken, decimated wo men and children population, went out one in four! (Laughter.) Mr. Froude uses a pet figure in reference to the Irish armies, saying ' they melted away like snow drifts.' Cromwell's stern experience at Drogheda, Kilkenny, Wexford, and Clonrael does not tend to support the theories of the English essayist. It took Cromwell two years of butchery and bloodshed to conquer Ireland, and even then he dared not leave her until Ulster' betrayed its chief; but Scotland, -? ? . ? : ? '7m high-toned, united, chivalrous, Mr. Froude's ideal country — was conquered, without any treachery, in six months ! Is that like ' a snow-drift ?' If so, then Scotland, at any rate, was more like it than was Ireland. The Englishman asserts that the Ireland of 1872 was unfit for the work of self-government under Grattan, and needed English interven tion. There never was on the face of the earth a more corrupt body than the English. Parliament at that very time. One of its most noted statesmen had' risen to eminence on the dishonour of his sister, who had become the mistress of the King. Every man in it had his hand rcacly for a bribe. And these were the men who came down like angels to save Ireland and her Parliament ! If corruption implies an incapacity for self! government, Mr. Froude was out, of place j with his' theory in this city of New York I where, three years ago, it w ould have required a brighter lantern than that of Diogenes to discover an' honest man. How should we have borne it if Tweed had lived in 1790, and some Englishmen had proposed that the sons ' of George III., with their mistresses, should j come over here, and the members of the I House of Commons, and help New York to a. [ better government? At all events, the O'Neills and O'Donnells can wash their hands clean of the charge of having sold Ireland, for this, if done at all, was done by Protestants^ and by them alone. The Irish people never gave up the fight. Compare their history with that of Poland. The latter was ground under the heel of Russian oppression, and yielded after seeing their hopes crushed out in blood. But Ireland endured English tyranny for seven centuries ; her peasantry were faithful to their ancient chieftains ; and they never abandoned the hope of their free dom. Peel, the English premier, confessed that Ireland could be ruled only by force. It is my conviction that the American people will agree with me in saying that when, after seven hundred years of trial, any people cannot rule another except by the sword, they are bound to give ifc up ! The English lecturer asserts that Ireland, if emancipated, would in a few years be bankrupt and sunk in anarchy. If that be true, who is in fault for it? If a man were gagged, tied, and j forcibly put on board a vessel bound to New ! Orleans, and if in mid-ocean the captain, \ suddenly deciding that he had no right to j kidnap the man, should take off his bonds : and drop him into the sea — if that liberated' ' prisoner should drown, whose fault would it I be? Ireland rebelled after the death of I O'Connell, and, were I an Irishman, I, too, I would rebel ! England can never forget I Ireland, for Ireland haunts her dreams, I enters into her Cabinet councils, seals her 1 sword to her scabbard, makes or mars the J| reputation of her statcsnten. At last, taught m the truths of the statesmanship of Grattan m and O'Connell, Gladstone advocates concilia- || tion ; Disraeli stands by his side, uses the || same arguments, and England's scholars || come here to seek for a verdict — a slave to |.| that conscience which can know no rest [I haunted by the ghosts of Elizabeths and - *| Henrys that have made the blood of the j Saxon race infamous on the records of his- ?§ tory. England's code has always been v either coercion or extermination. Her rule : has met with a heroic resistance, for Ireland, ;; even with no hope to cheer her and with. :.| defeat alone inscribed upon her banners, lias J clung with unshaken fidelity to her national \ right. England has essayed to prove, j through seven centuries of blood and mas- :j sacre,' that Ireland is unable to take care of -\ herself, but that she requires a,n English ? Parliament to do ifc for her. I say: 'Let ;: Ireland try. The rule of the sword .is a % failure !' 'And even if the new experiment p should fail, the fault would be, not in the jj Irish character, but in the oppressive, inha- | man legislation of the heartless, merciless I Saxon race. i At the close of this brilliant lecture Mr. | Phillips was greeted with applause. || 