THE CURE OF OVER-ANXIETY. THOUGHTS FOE THE BEGINNING OF A YEAK. While we live in the body, entire freedom from the burden of; care is not to be obtained.; and though such freedom 'may be coveted by the selfish, it cannot, in the nature of things, , be desired or possessed by the loving; for care is but the thoughtfulness of love seeking the well-being of its object in the midst of evil or of danger which it feels powerless to avert. God our .bather does not forbid care, but carefulness; does not forbid us to be anxious, but to be Over-anxious. He who invites us to 'cast our care on Him, for He careth for us' thereby sanctions care in us, while He relieves it by assuring us of the reality of His own care for us. What our Father commands is, 'Be careful for nothing' — that is, be not care ful or over-anxious about anything — ' but in everything, by prayer and supplication, with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God.' And what He promises is, '- The peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.' These words, which express the will of God as it is every where revealed in Christ Jesus, and in all He has commanded and promised, forbid over-anxiety about anything, whatever that may be. They exclude, therefore, anxious thoughts about spiritual as well as about temporal things, about the soul as about the body, about the highest interests which can affect our fellow-men and society as well as about the ordinary cares of every-day life. It is the blessed will of Him who knows and governs .all, that we should never permit an over anxious spirit at any time to oppress us, but rather that at all times, and in all circumstances, the peace of God should keep our mind and heart through Christ Jesus. Can it be that such a privilege as, this is freely bestowed on care-worn, anxious men !, and if so, can it be that we shall not seek to possess what is promised in the word of God, ' who cannot lie'? , It seems, indeed, impossible that mortal, man should ever be, able to enjoy so blessed a boon. And man by his unaided power could -never do so. But what is impossible for man, is possible for God. It is God only who can give His own peace, and sustain it in the heart. , , But ,the question is at once suggested — what is meant by carefulness and over-anxiety; or when does that degree of care which necessarily belongs to us as human beings pass into 'that which we need not and ought not to feel as children of God?, ,We reply — that care becomes carefulness, and exceeds its just limit, when it destroys or disturbs our quiet rest and peace in Goch , , , , The more we reflect upon this painful state of spirit,, which dries up ,the .springs of life and weakens all its energies, the more we shall, perceive that it springs out ofMa sense pf loneli ness and, solitariness in our sorrow. ,- We feel that, no -one can fully, comprehend the secret of our anxiety, as if it ,\vere too peculiar or personal for others to understand, or too great to take into their hearts with sympathising love ; we feel unwil ling to risk the painful experience of asking them to carry a burden which might be refused, and ourselves thereby' left more lonely than before ; or if we can, with full confidence in the love of human hearts, cast our care on them, we are forced to realise how utterly impossible it is for our dearest to he wholly one with us, even when they weep with us. But /wlieu any ( such thoughts as these extend to God Himself — when, the it atheism of unbelief takes posses sion',^ our .spirit, and we think of Him no longer as our .. friend' and Father, but as one who, like the ignorant or selfish pi the earth, either, knpws us not, loves us not, or cares not for tus, then verily does care grow into a great and terrible carefulness ; and an otherwise noble and worthy anxiety increases' into .an over-anxiety wholly unbecoming a child whose father is God, whose brother is Jesus Christ, and whose indweller, is the Holy Spiiit of strength and comfort. All this, miserable state comes from want of faith in God. For when faith, as the root of our life, decays, peace, as its beauti ful flower and fruit, perishes ; falling away iiom God, we fall back on our poor, blind, naked, and wretched selves, and what help can self give to self ? It is the beggar asking alms of the beggar; the sick asking the sick to carry them to the pool of healing. It is building on sand, leaning on a broken reed, trusting to lying vanities, forsaking the fountain of ? living waters, and hewing out for oui selves cisterns, broken cisterns, that ' can hold no water! And alas! we soon find how true this is in our own experience. As we depart from uoa, peace departs irom us. me Duraen winch we refuse to cast on Him begins to crush ourselves. As we forsake Him, the loving father and light of our life, we retire more and more into solitary confinement, within the dungeon of our own hearts, and there care is, day and night, chained to care, until it becomes a horror, a constant presence, an incubus and night mare of carefulness and over-auxiety, ending, it may be, in despair. But God, as we have said, never casts a soul that trusts Him' into depths like those, though He may permit His children to fall into them, that so, learning what 'an evil and a bitter thing' it is to ' forsake the Lord their God,' they may return to Him in faith and love. He may permit us to sink into deep waters, that out of them we may cry again to Him ; even as our Lord permitted the apostle Peter to make the attempt of walking in his own strength upon the stormy sea, when the 'stone' sank which through faith was yet to be a foundation-stone for support to the sorrowing church; and peace came only with the prayer of faith, ' Lord, save me !' ?So must it be with us; as loss of faith, in God is followed by loss of peace, so will faith restored be followed by restored peace. Let this thought comfort every anxious one. It may be 'God's will that their fate in life shall be one of daily care, or, let us at once say, of much unhappiness. They may have to -carry a weak, pained, or deformed body with them to the grave, or a mind peculiarly liable to depression. The suf ferings of those dear to them arising from sickness, poverty, death, or worst of all from sin, may be laid upon them as a , daily burden. To them the world must be a field of battle and of strife; it may be a place of tribulation and the very shadow of death. Yet in no circumstances, however trying, ought they to be tortured by anxiety, as if God knew them notj and ?cared not for them. God has proclaimed peace oh earth and good-will to men. He has provided peace for miserable, guilty sinners, through' the atoning death of Him who is our peace. The God of peace has brought Him again from the dead, through the blood of the everlasting covenant, and He bestows peace upon all who believe in Him; for, being justified by ?faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. The fruit of the. Spirit is peace. Having thus grace, mercy, and peace freely granted to us^ by Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, let us at all times avail ourselves of the grace, accept the mercy, and enjoy the peace v This peace, like a mighty power coming from above, yet dwelling and acting from within, will fortify our thoughts, our feelings, and desires ?against every attempt on the part of over-anxiety ' to ' enter in ?as an enemy and take possession, to torture us day arid niglit. 'Thou wilt keep him in pei feet peace, whose. souPis 'stayed on, Thee, because he trusteth in thee.'11 Oh, 'blessed Lpfromise to' the weary and heavy-laden, to the care-wotti and'the'anxious !( With the peace of God possessing the lieartj rthe ' storm 'out- side may be blowing loudly, with thunderirigs aiid'J sweeping-! floods, yettvvithin all is perfect peace, while prayer a'ud thanks giving ascend to the throne of God and the Lanib.1 tiyt ' ' , 