The Storteller. HUNTING A SHADOW. CHAPTER XIX. Bt M. E. I. AFTER the affair of the man Saunders had been set at rest, Lady Lorimer professed herself entirely converted to Victorine. Whether the dim vision of the earl in the background, or the charm of Yictorine's suavity of manners and personal attractions, or both combined, brought about this state of things, no one knew. Cer tain it ia, the dowager patronised her in a man ner that would, from its very excess, have been offensive to any one but Yictorine, in whose breast policy reigned supreme. Her ladyship lavished upon her the most unusual favors, took her out in the carriage every day, held the most confidential conversations with her, over-ruled even her marriage trousseau, and made the most unblushing alterations. It was "My dearest Yietorine "at every torn; Lady Lorimer pro fessed to treat her as a daughter. But all this, however pleasing, would have gone for nothing with Victorine, if some substantial good had not come of it; and one day a mine of gold ■earned to turn up under her feet. After sundry closetings of Lord Wilcox and the dowager together, it was announced to Vie torine, as her ladyship's will and pleasure, from which there was no appeal, that the wedding should take place at Oak Park, on her birthday 5 that the circle of guests should be enlarged for the occasion, and Mrs. Ferrars in vited to join the party as soon as she con* veniently could. Yictorine made at first a ■how of resistance, disclaiming her right to such extraordinary favor, and a number of little scenes took place between her and the dowager to that effect. But Lady Lorimer insisted on carrying out her plan. It was to be hoped Sir Harry would be home in time, since, in default of near relatives, he was to give away the bride. Lady Henrietta and a group of high-born damsels were to be the bridesmaids, the tenantry were to have a feast, there were no bounds to tke magnitude of her ladyship's programme. Only one clause in it displeased Yictorine. For was she not at the zenith of her prosperity ? Lord Wilcox at her feet, patronised by the dowager—wealth, rank, all the glory of the world given her in exchange for her broken faith to Arthur. No success could be more complete. But still the clause struck to her heart with a vague terror—" It is to be hoped Sir Harry will be home." She would have given half her glory to prevent that hope being fulfilled. Yictorine dreaded Sir Harry beyond measure. Even to look at his picture made her uneasy. His clear, penetrating eye seemed to search her out. It was a noble face—open as the day— sternly truthful. She had never seen the original, but she lay awake many a night, tor* tured by the dread least it should suddenly ap pear, a marplot to involve her in confusion. Still, he might not come in time. There was a doubt, and she breathed more freely. His presence afterwards she should not care for. She and Lord Wilcox would be taking their wedding tour; there would be a hundred chances in her favor then. It was rather difficult to play her part skil fully, and to keep clear of the pitfalls that lay around her. The dowager would be satisfied with nothing but absolute vassalage. Anything abort of this would not answer, and Yictorine had to yield it, in spite of risking Lady Henri etta's contempt. She would have the dowager and Lady Henrietta, too, if she could; but, under all circumstances, the dowsger. Every moment that she was off duty with the one was ■pent in trying to conciliate the other—in en quiring after the poor people in the village— taking credit to herself for the emancipation of Sanders — making ample professions for the future. " You know, my dear Henrietta, that I shall have it then in my power to do so much. We will work together in those days, will we not?" They were walking in the park, and Lady Henrietta appeared to be looking steadfastly at something, and did not seem prepared to reply. At length, on Yictorine repeating her observa tion, she said, turning quickly round upon her, " Will you come with me, now ?—I am going to the village. I wish you would." "Thank you, not to-day," replied Victorine. "I should hardly venture so far, and Lady Lorimer seems not to like it. I cannot run counter to her prejudices, when I am actually staying under her roof." " Yictorine, if I were you, I would not cringe to Lady Lorimer. I would not!" repeated Henrietta, impetuously. "I would up and ■peak for myself. Think what fetters you are forging for yourself!" " You forget," replied Yictorine, with an air of great modesty, "that my position in the family——" '* Nonsense!" said Henrietta. " I beg your pardon for interrupting you, but it is nonsense. If you took your proper stand, no one could help but acknowledge your right to it. It is where you put yourself, not where society chooses to imagine you." " Stfll, when you consider Lady Lorimer*s position, said Yiotorine, gently, " and her natural wish that your brother should make an equal marriage, I mast own that she has treated me with remarkable condescension." " Oh, how I hate that word!" cried Henrietta, ■topping her ears. " Please never use it again. Have you no pride, Yictorine ? Not any at all?" "I was always taught to consider pride an evil, and humility a virtue," replied Victo rine, smiling. " Well, I am proud, I confess it, and so is Francis. Though, just now, he is too much in love to be anything. We have never knocked under to Lady Lorimer in our lives, and never ■hall. And Sir Haray—oh, Victorine! he is coming home to-day." And Lady Henrietta turned to her companion her face rosy as the dawn. Coming home to-day! Yictorine staggered under the blow, and felt it through her whole being. It caused a momentary suspension of her energies. But she recovered with a despe rate effort, and said in a tone of indifference, 11 Oh, indeed!" "Do not speak so coldly, Yictorine," cried Lady Henrietta, reproachfully. "Itis an era in my life. So much depends upon it." " I thought he was engaged," said Yiotorine, in a calm measured tone. " No, he is not," replied Henrietta. " I was mistaken. We all have our romance. I have mine, and he has his. He has been attached for Tears to such a beautiful woman, the most beautiful woman I ever saw! I dare not hold my head up before her. All the royalty on earth ceuld not bear me down as she does, for ■ho is a poetess and everything else besides. And I—l have loved him ever smoe we were children together, for we were like brother and siiter together. And I think he would hare re turned my lore, bat for hit goddess, h he ceiled her. Bat the goddese wOl not hare him. So perhaps " and Lady Henrietta panted. Viotorine did not immediately reply, and when ■he did, it was Eke some one ■peaking in a I dream. " Bo perhaps your knight- errant may return. I wish it might be to." "Ah, I love him so faithfully," returned Henrietta, putting her arm in Yiotorine'i and looking eagerly into her face; "it is but natural i he is so good, so noble, and we hare been thrown so much together. lam glad yon will see him, Yictorine. You must lore him for my sake! You cannot help loTing him!" "What! and make Lord Wilcox jealous ?" said Victorine, laughing. Poor Yictorine! an hour later she sat before her glass, laying on the rouge with a practised finger, her hand trembling, and her heart dis tracted by Tague apprehensions. Lady Henrietta, meanwhile, beaming with ingenuous delight, was smoothing her tangled hair, and, for the first time since her arrival at Oak Park, making herself thoroughly present able. Chafiu XX. Evzby woman is indebted to dress who does not outrage its proprieties, and when Lady Henrietta emerged from her toilette, simply and gracefully attired, and all the little incon gruities harmonissd, she looked a different being, if we may not positively assert that she was handtome. When Yictorine entered the drawing-room, some one was standing behind the dowager's sofa talking to her. The dowager rose, when she perceived her favourite, and said with much condescension, " Allow me to introduoe my son to you, Miss Ferrars." Victorine curtsied, and Sir Harry bowed. He was the model of an English gentleman, oorteous, manly, generous; he had all the virtues one could wish. He was handsome, but too much like his picture to attract Vio torine. She would have escaped to the further end of the room, but for the dowager, who was not disposed to loose the thousand and one attentions to which her protegfe had aocus tomed her. There was a knot of persons round the sofa, Lork Wilcox lounging on the back of it, and Yictorine in what Lady Henrietta called the chair of her humility. Sir Harry was talking of art, and the different picture galleries he had visited, and the sketches he had made, when he suddenly paused, and turning to his mother said, "But where is Mr. Leslie? Why have you not asked him as I begged you would, in my last letters ?" "Mr. Leslie is no particular favourite of mine," said the dowager, stifly. " But he ought to be. I saw several of his pictures abroad, one in particular that attracted great attention; it was the portrait of—of— Constance Clairvflle," said Sir Harry, hesitating. Victorine sat motionless, her rogue saved her from observation. "Mr. Lintwood!" exclaimed Lord Wilcox from behind the so ra. "Why, that is the maniao!" " Maniao! Oh no, you are mistaken!" said Sir Harry, hastily. " He has been in a lunatic asylum, however," cried Lord Wilcox, " and time he was shut up somewhere. I tell you he has been raging mad, rolling his eyes, and tearing abont, upsetting carriages, and doing all kinds of mischief. Victorine knows it, did he not, Yictorine ?" " But not my Mr. Leslie," said Sir Harry, laughing. "He was a painter, though, who painted pictures. I saw him painting one myself," per sisted Lord Wilcox. •• No! surely!" and Sir Harry looked from one to the other, "is it so, Miss Ferrars ?" "You must not talk of him before Miss Ferrars," said Lord Wilcox, coming ronnd, and drawing Sir Harry on one side. "She is frightened to death at him. He made out that she was going to marry him, and you have no idea how violent he was. Ask Dr. Bowdler, he will tell you. But pray don't mention his name any more to-night." Sir Harry looked perfectly aghast. •* I must have the matter cleared up," he replied firmly. "Arthur and I have been in correspondence ever since I left home, and his letters are as sane as mine. There must be some mistake." " No, there is not," said Lord Wilcox. "He has a monomania, Yictorine told me; he was always staying at her house, and the mad fit went off and on. Dr. Bowdler has him, but he can do nothing with him. For heaven's sake don't bring him here!" Monomania!—mad fit!—lunatio asylum!— Dr. Bowdler! Sir Harry was bewildered, and stood lost in wonder. But he soon struck on a clue that he fancied would lead him out of the labyrinth. It was evidently either a mistake of identity, or a false report, set on foot by an enemy. He would like to have gone to Arthur then and there, for his heart and the heart of his friend were knit together. But dinner was announced, and he had to hand Yietorine down stairs, Lord Wilcox taking the dowager, and nothing else would be done or thought of. So Sir Harry had to postpone his enquiries until the morrow. To poor Grace, Arthur's enforced confine ment was a great affliction ; there was no deny ing it; the separation was truly heartrending. For some weeks she abandoned herself to utter despair, wept, and was passive. But at the ex piration of that time her healthy, active nature caused a reaction. She took her maids by sur prise, broke up the unwonted quiet of the kitchen, and came out, in all her housewifery powers, as vigorous as ever. It was astonishing what a world of consolation she created for her self. And then, feeling wholly unfettered, and her horizon without a limit, a daring but de lightful thought suggested itself to her. How she jumped at the idea. She could carry her brooms and her brushes right into the inner sanctuary. She could clean Arthur's study. Yes, clean it thoroughly. She might never have the opportunity again, and it wanted it so dreadfully. Arthur might never have been ill if he had let her have the ceiling white washed, and the floor scrubbed. There was a magical charm to Grace in soap and water. How she should enjoy it. To be sure, those nasty pictures would be in the way; but never mind. She would cover them over with sheets and tablecloths. Never should the fine arts stand between Grace and a cleaning. Accordingly, she got up very early one morning, and with Betty, and Jane, and herself, throwing all their energies into the cause, the study was likely to be cleaned pretty effectually. But in the full tide of her enthusiasm there was a loud rat-tat at the door % and one of the household functionaries, with sleeves turned up, and anna shining with soap-suds, admitted Sir Harry Lorimer, and conveyed his card to her mistress. It was immensely provoking to be interrupted in the very pith and core of her undertaking. "Did you tell him Mr. Leslie was not at home? 4* " Yes, ma'am, but he said that did not signify, he wanted to see you." "How tiresome!" exclaimed Grace. "But now, don't stand still while lam gone. Be sure you get that skirting board clean, and wash all the finger-marks off the paint. Beally the place is beginning to look decent at hut," she added, looking round complacently. Grace had no organ of veneration whatever. Sir Harry Lorimer was no more to her than plain Harry anybody else } not so interesting, in fact, as poor simple John Lodge. But she smoothed herself down a little, and sailed into the parlor, anxious to get through the interview as quickly as she could, and go back, not to the study, but the cleaning of it. Sir Harry's greeting of her was intended to express the deepest sympathy. He had not seen much of Grace at any time except when she sat at the head of her brother's table. Sir Harry paid frequent visits to his friend, and then she had said very little, owing to the ■ob jects on which they converted not coming within her range. She was not a favorite of his. He thought her countrified, and ordinary, strikingly unlike her brother; indeed, the relationship be tween them was one of nature's anomalies, that Sir Harry could never account for. Bnt now that she was in trouble, and her trouble his own, he felt more cordially towards her than he had ever done before. He bore patiently, and with resignation, a noisy incoherent demonstration of grief and anger directed against some unknown person with which she entertained him; and then, trying to brine; her to the point, he quietly asked her if she would favor him with all the particulars of Arthur's illness ? Of course he would not believe for a single instant that Arthur was mad! "Oh no! of course he is not!" said Grace. "He never was, only that nasty, bad, horrid woman made it out, that she might jilt him, and marry a lord." "What woman, Miss Leslie?" asked Bir Harry. " You surely do not mean the lady he was engaged to. For he told me of his engage ment, in his letters, though he mentioned no name." "Yes, I do," she replied, "Imean Yieto rine, who was going to marry him, and he was over head and ears in love with her. Nor to much so, though, as he was with the dead woman," she added, mysteriously. "Dead woman!" exolaimed Sir Harry, in amazement "Yes," replied Grace; "that he went to paint in Wales. She did the mischief. He has never been right since. He has done nothing but rave about her, and fancy that she appeared to him. And then, Yiotorine," she added, with great volubility, " whom I never could bear, for she knows nothing of housekeeping any more than a baby, and could not cut out a shirt if her life depended on it, and leaves everything to her servants, and lets her house get as dirty and untidy as it can possibly be—l caw the dust had been swept into oorners, and had lain there " "Excuse me, Miss Leslie," interrupted Sir Harry, who considered all this totally irrelevant to the matter in hand—" perhaps you will give me an account of this journey to Wales, and who the deceased lady was, and every partienlar connected with her. Surely he could not really suppose that she appeared to him V* he added, with some anxiety. "Yes, he did," said Grace. «He saw her ever so many times. I dare say it was only some one dressed up—l told him so. I don't believe in ghosts myself," said Grace, confi dentially ; " but when people will sit painting all day long, it is sure to get into their brain at last." " Is the picture here?" asked Sir Harry, re training from offering an opinion on the subject. "Nofcthe very same," replied Grace, "but one just like it, that Arthur painted after he got home. It hangs up in his study, with a curtain before it." " May I see it ?" asked Sir Harry, eagerly. " Yon could see it," said Grace, hesitating; "but, to tell you the truth, it is not quite con venient at this precise moment." " But I have so urgent a reason," cried Sir Harry, starting from his chair," that lam sure you will not deny me." "Why, you must know," said Grace, ■till hesitating, "that perhaps you will be kind enough not to tell Arthur, because he is so obstinate about it; but the fact is we are clean ing his study, and——" " Never mind—pray let me see it," repeated Sir Harry, with great earnestness. " His whole fate may hang on my recognising that picture. Yes, whether he is ever restored to you again! Miss Leslie, with your permission—" and he stepped quickly across the hall, followed by Grace, crying out, " If you would only come to morrow! Now pray do not fall over those brushes. And you see how impossible it is for you to get into the stndy. I dare say you will go and tell Arthur. Dear me! Was anything ever so unlucky before ? You must give over scrubbing, I suppose, Jane." But pails, brushes, soap, and flannels, were as the small dust of the balance to Sir Harry at that moment. He would not have known he was in his friend's stndy. He would have been aghast at the models draped after Grace's fashion—the pictures muffled up, the floor clean swept of all its artistio litters, and the painting stool supporting the stalwart form of Betty, rubbing down the walls. He would have been aghast at any other time, but not now. He saw nothing but the green curtain Grace had told him off; and making his way to it through every impediment, he pulled it aside, and, uttering an exclamation, stood as if riveted to the spot. Grace was dose behind him with her criticisms. "She is nothing so very particular, you see, that Arthur need have gone crazy about her. I think she is too tall, and her eyes too far apart. Arthur has not done her well; he has not made her look half dead enough.' Sir Harry's whole attention was still riveted on the picture. He regarded it with a look so intense and eager that Grace said abruptly, "If you have seen enough, perhaps you will not mnd coming back to the parlor. We are only preventing them from going on." Sir Harry bowed, dropped the curtain, and went back, the chorus of sweeping and scrub bing beginning in bis rear. He sat down, and was apparently lost in thought. " And this," said he," is the spectre that has haunted him ?" " Yes," said Grace; " and she seems to take a delight in frightening him out of his wits. But oh, Sir Harry, do have pity on him, tod gel him away from Dr. Bowdler*er* she cried, im ploringly. " How earns ha at D». Bowdler's T * asked Sir Harry. "Oh, because Yiotorine mad* oat he was mad," cried Grace, and " she and Lord Wiloox together that him up there when I wm fane oot to buy a sew bonnet, and I hare not teen him sines," she added, weeping bitterly. "Lord Wiloox!" exclaimed Sir Harry. " What hat he to do with it?" " Only that Yictorine jilted Arthur to marry him," replied Grace. "I don't blame Lord Wiloox. Vietorine told him raeh lice, and made him beliere that Arthur was mad when he •aid he wm engaged to her. They have treated Arthur shamefully between them, Sir Harry, and there is no one to stand op for him." "Who is Vietorine? w asked Sir Harry, quickly. " Miss Fenrars," she replied j I" thought you knew her." "Miss Ferrars!" cried Sir Harry, and he started from his chair again. "Yes," said Grace, "and she is staying at Oak Park till she is married. You mast know Miss Ferrars. I call her Yietorine because she is a distant relative of ours, and we used to be good friends. Bat I hate her now, like poison." It wm very difficult erer to get a clear, con cise narrative of events from Graoe. Her ideas had so many paths of digression, along which they ran Uke stray sheep. But Sir Harry, with infinite pains and skill, at length accomplished this desirable end, and elicited the whole story. He did not make much comment on it. Grace wm a dangerous confidante. Bat he took his leave, assuring her that the whole matter should be cleared up, and Arthur shortly restored to her, m sane m ever. " But pray don't bring him back till we have finished cleaning the study," cried Grace, in a tone of anxiety. Ohaptsb XXI. Wan Sir Harry wm gone, Yietorine wm a preyto a thousand anxieties. There could be little doubt of the purport of his errand, and how it would affect her she trembled to think, for Yietorine had more dark corners in her heart than we know of, and a goilty conscience needs no accuser. But her anxiety must devour her in secret. The dowager wm unusually exigent, and made her favorite pay dearly for her promotion. Yietorine wm on duty all day, and had to com ply with a succession of whims and caprices, interspersed with bitter complaints of Sir Harry. "I know where he is gone to," said the dowager, m they were out driving. "He is gone to enquire after that tiresome Mr. Leslie. He walked off directly after breakfast, and then came back for bis hone. James says he is gone to Dr. Bowdler's. So unreasonable! When he only came home yesterday, and I had a hundred things to say to him. Late at night, just when the circle wm break ing up, and there wm a gathering of wax-lights on the slab in the hall, Sir Harry returned. He wm pale, and grave, and stern. His mother burst out with a string of querulous complaints, but he silenced her peremptorily, shook hands with the guests, and retired. He had shaken hands with Yictorine, or rather touched the tips of her fingers. She could see that something had happened! It is bad policy to be dishonest, even if much appears to be gained by it. The scales are not equal. One hM a burden in it that goes down heavily— a burden made up of sharp stings and disquieting thoughts, of sleepless nights and days of anxiety. The pinnacle that hM no foundation in truth is reared upon the sand, and the wind may blow it down at any moment. And Yietorine's pinnacle tottered. It wm tall and goodly to look upon, and the son of pros perity guilded it. But there wm a little cloud getting up in the distance, and with the cloud might come the tempest. She rose the next morning with the feeling that something wm impending. She took her seat at the breakfast table, dressed, m usual, with the most scrupulous nicety. Nothing wm amiss with her. There wm the bloom on her cheek, the smooth bright hair, the graceful manners, the cheerful " good morning." But her eye wm restlesi. It must steal round the table, and glance furtively at Sir Harry. She hoped he wm not noticing her, but he wm ; and his downright look met hers, and she felt the color rush to her cheek. The dowager began pertinaciously. It wm astonish ing how tiresome the old lady could be. " And after all," said she, addressing her son, " you never told us how Mr. Leslie wm. How is the poor man P" "The poor man, m your ladyship calls him, and who is likelj to become one of the first artists of the day, is perfectly well, I thank you," replied Sir Harry. " But his mind ?" said the dowager. "I am not asking after his health. Of course there is nothing the matter with that." " You found him a maniac, did you not P" said Lord Wilcox, looking up with some anxiety from the warm discussion of the plate before him. " I am not at liberty to make any disclosures of what passed yesterday," replied Sir Harry, good-humoredly. "Arthur is my client, and his case is too much in embryo to bear discus sion." "Oh,l hate mysteries!" said the dowager, pettishly; " though really the matter is perfectly indifferent to me. I only enquired because he wm a friend of yours." " I am muoh obliged to yon," said Sir Harry, bowing. " I shall be so glad if he proves to be in his right mind," whispered Lady Henrietta, who sat next to Sir Harry. " Why shall you be so particularly glad, Hetty ?" asked Sir Harry, in the same subdued voice. "Because you like him, do you notP" she replied. Mlt makes you wretched to have him at Dr. Bowdler's." " That it does," said he. " Bat now I want to ask you fifty questions at least. Have you been to the village lately ?" " Oh, yes, a great many times," replied Lady Henrietta, eagerly. " And how are they going on down there P" "Very well, considering there hM been .so muoh illness. The Smiths have lost three of their children, though, and the Jonsons—" " Now, Hetty, if you please," interrupted the dowager, solemnly, "we shall have the whole catalogue of them in a minute. Harry, you ought not to encourage her." " I beg your pardon," said Sir Harry. " She is my most valuable ally. The Jonsons P" he added, turning to Hetty. " Are going to emigrate," she replied, lower* ing .her voice, and letting the words drop out stealthily. " I am glad of it," cried Lord Wiloox, catch ing them up. " That is good news to me, Hetty." " Why, pray f" asked Sir Harry, laughing. "Because they aw a regular standing bore, those Jonsonar replied Lord WOoox. "There is always something happening to them from January to December: either the little boy is ill, or the big boy gone to prison, or the father caught poaching, or the whole famly gone to the workhouse. And on every occasion your humble servant hM his pockets tamed oat,- Hetty having spent her last sixpence on them. They are a regular bad set, those Jonsons; bat I can forgive them everything now* they are going to emigrate!" " I am really afraid they are bad," said Henri etta, reluctantly. " I have done all I could for them, but it wm of very little use. I think, even now, if the eldest girl could be got into a reformatory^"™ "Pray, don't do it!" cried Lord Wiloox, aghast "We shall never have her off our hands any more. You will be trying her m a domestic servant next, and she will be running off with the family plate. No, for heaven's sake let them all go together." " Bat, on the other hand," whispered Henri etta, unable to resist so inviting a topic. " I believe Tompeon is quite reformed, and hM taken the pledge, and kept sober for six months." "Has he? how rejoioed I am!" said Sir Harry. " Yes,eontinaed Henrietta," and Jane Winter hM sent her children to school, and got her eldest boy out apprentice to a shoemaker." "Hetty—how—how can you! Shoemaker, indeed!" said Lady Larimer, with ineffable dis dain. "Very glad to hear it!" cried Sir Harry, cordially. " I will go and order a pair of boots instantly of that very shoemaker." " Did you ever hear any thing like itP" said the dowager, turning to Yietorine. " Those two would make an excellent match.** She spoke in a whisper, but load enough for everyone at the table to hear, and Lady Henri etta Blushed, and Sir Harry looked rather em barrassed, and for a moment there wm an awkward silenoe. Lady Henrietta did not recover all breakfast time. As soon m the meal wm over, she made her escape, her cheeks tingling and glowing m if she had been walking to the village. She would have gone to the village now, bat that the snow wm beginning to falL So, m the next best thing, she stole into the library, and ensconcing herself by the fire began to stitch at some pina fores for the refractory Jonsons to take to Australia. She began, but she had a great deal of trouble in going on. It wm pleasanter just then to sit watching the cinders m they dropped from the grate, and thinking, we cannot under take to say what, but her thoughts did not make her cheek give over its glowing and tingling. Presently the door opened, and Sir Harry, by aoddent of course, ettoOed in. Lady Henri etta stitched vehemently, and though she had recognised his step across the hall, made i believe to be very much surprised, and to think it wm her brother. " How very snag and cosy, Hetty," said Sir Harry. " I hope no one will come in. I want a good hour's talk with you." Her nose and needle nearly touched. Stitch 1 stitch! She had a desperate fit of industry that minute. Sir Harry enseoneed himself in the easy chair opposite. " I am so glad to get home again," said he. "I dare say you are." Stitch! stitch! stitch! " I say, Hetty, are you obliged to make those —what do you call them P" " Pinafores," she replied. " Pinafores, just now P" said he. " I must, really. They are for the Jonsons," replied Henrietta, threading her needle and beginning again. " Never mind the Jonsons," said he. " I want your candid opinion, Hetty, and you can't give it me if the needle and thread are to go on at that rate." « What about P" the asked. "About Miss Ferrars. Do you like her, Hetty P" She let her work drop on her knee, and looked intently into the fire. Then she brought her dear, bright eyes to bear full upon Sir Harry, and mttered an emphatic " No." " You don't P" said Sir Harry. " No," she replied, still more emphatically. "Why not?" he asked. " Because—l do not mind what I say to you, Harry." "Of course not Nor Ito you, Hetty." The needle began again—stitch—stitch stitch. It wm running noes. " Gome, tell me, there's a good girl," said Sir Harry " and put away that abominable pinafore. Miss Ferrars' character is of great consequence to us aIL Why do you not like her P" "Because—l do not think she is truthful. Bhe does not ring well," said Henrietta, speak ing very deliberatedly. > " Exactly my opinion," said Sir Harry. "And she is too deferential," continued Henrietta. " She cringes. I hate that in any body." " And so do I," responded her companion. " And I wish my brother had never seen her," said Henrietta. " So do I," he again responded. "Our opinions are just alike then," said Henrietta, laughing. " They are on most points, I think," said Sir Harry, pointedly. The pinafore again! Stitch—stitch—stitch! " Upon my word, it is infamous!" exclaimed Sir Harry. " I will throw that miserable rag behind the fire." , " Bag! it U new calico, sixpence halfpenny a yard !" cried Henrietta, indignantly. Never mind, I'll burn it!" said Sir Harry; and he snatched it from her, and Aung it to the other end of the room. " Now tell me, Hetty,! if you like me any better than you do Miss Ferrars P" he continued. "Am I untruthful P Do I cringe P" " You, Harry P" said Henrietta j " how can you aik me P" "Because —see I am going on my knees; that is very deferential! Hetty, will you love me P" he added, changing his tone into one of great feeling and earnestness. I love you very dearly. You are the best and dearest girl that ever lived. Will you, Hetty P Ah, Miss Ferrars!" Yictorine had been sent by the dowager to reconnoitre, and placidly surveying the lovers. " Lady Lorimer wishes to speak to you, Sir Harry," said she, not in the least discomposed* " I will find Lady Henrietta's thimble, if that is what you are looking for. Here it is—it hM rolled almost to the door." "How I hate that woman!" whispered Sir Harry. " Hetty, will yott P" Lady Henrietta's answer wm in her eyei. Chaptkb XXIL Dat after day passed, and still the storm that wm gathering did not bunt. The little olood remained suspended, and seemed to get no larger. Hothing appeared to come of Sir Harry's visit to Dr. Bowdler—at least, that Viotorine oould discover. Bir Harry's manner towards her was just the aama at it had always been. They had tacitly disliked each other from the moment of their introduction. As it was with Yietorine and Lady Henrietta, so it was with Viotorine and Sir Harry; their principles were antagonistic, their paths lay apart. The fine, generous, open-hearted Sir Harry oould not bat despise the superficial, time-serving woman of the world} he saw through her false oonrtesy as he did through the range on her cheek. She oould not deceive him. And to everyone save the dowager the tinsel was apparent by the side of the pure gold. But the dowager neTer acknowledged herself mistaken. She had taken up Victorine, and Yietorine should be genuine whether or no. It was like the law of the Medes and Persians. And Lord Wilcox, what did he think of Vio torine P Now he had seen her every day, and had so many opportunities of studying her oharacter? Poor man! he nerer studied any• thing but his whiskers, so from him at least Yietorine was safe! Her outward prosperity went on as usual. Her wedding gifts kept showering in, the invitations had been issued, Mrs. Ferrars had arrived, and still the cloud got no bigger. And yet there it was, just over her head ; it never moved; it was like the cranes of Ibyeus, which hovered over his murderers' heads till they confessed their orime. Yietorine was uneasy in spite of herself. One day, she set her mother on to elicit something from Lady Henrietta. " Did Sir Harry ever tell yon about poor Mr. Leslie P* asked this clever diplomatist, coming suddenly to the point, for she- knew whom sbe had to deal with, and that hints and inuendoes were of no avail. " Yes, he did," replied Henrietta, in her usual straightforward manner. " Oh, indeed!" said Mrs. Ferrars. " A very sad story, was it not? We knew poor Arthur so well. Ho was distantly related to us, and we had him in our house to nurse | my dear Vic torine was like a sister to him." Lady Henrietta made no answer. She was stitching as usual. Her seal for the Jonsons was untiring. "But he got so violent, poor fellow 1" con tinued Mrs. Ferrars, " we were obliged to have him removed. He nearly killed me, by driving so furiously that he upset the carriage. And after that, of course we dared not risk anything further." 1 Still no answer. Lady Henrietta broke her cotton impatiently, and muttered something about the needles being so bad. " Have some of mine, dear," said Mrs. Ferrars. "I am sure you are welcome. Ah, poor Arthur! he was so jealous of Lord Wilcox that I really thought * " I b*f 70ur pardon, Mrs. Ferrars, but I must go to the village," said Henrietta, folding up her work, and giving Mrs. Ferrars a keen glanoe that went right through her. vI am sure you will excuse me." " I wDI go with you, if you please," said Mrs. Ferrars. "I love visiting the poor. Ah! if everyone were like you, Lady Henrietta! Do let me go with you." " Thank you, not this morning," she replied. "I have a great deal of business to transact. But if your heart is really in the cause, perhaps you will be so kind as to finish this pinafore. It if the last of the set, and is all cut out ready." " Detestable old hypocrite!" thought Lady Henrietta, as she went across the halL "Plague on the pinafore!" ejaculated Mrs. Ferrarsi "just as if I was likely! Oh, Sir Harry"—he came in just at that moment— " you see our darling Lady Henrietta has pressed me into the service. What an excellent girl she is! How I hope my dear Viotorine will imitate her!" " Hem 1" Sir Harry went to the book-ease and took down a book previous to making bis exit. "Bythe-bye, Sir Harry" continued Mrs. Ferrars j " it is but natural I should wish to know how poor dear Arthur is going on, con sidering I have known him all hisjlife. Pray, is he still at Dr. Bowdler's P" " I rather think not," replied Sir Harry, taking down the book he wanted. "No! and where is he, then?" asked Mrs. Ferrars, taken entirely off her guard, and in a tone of great anxiety. " Cannot I see him ?" " Quite as soon as will be agreeable to you, you shall," replied Sir Harry, ooldly,'and turn* ing to leave the room. " Pray, stay a moment, said Mrs. Ferrars. "Do tell me? You forget what a great in terest I take in the matter." " I do not forget. lam fully aware of it in all its bearings," replied Sir Harry, giving her the same keen glance before which she had quailed a few moments ago. " Then do tell me!" she persisted. " I cannot tell you now," said he. " Fidelity to my friend keeps me silent. But his fate will be cleared up presently. You may oonsole yourself with that positive certainty," he added, as he took his departure. " Oh, Yietorine! there is mischief brewing, I know there is!" cried Mrs. Ferrars, coming into her daughter's room. " And so do I know," replied Victorine i and | Sir Harry and Lady Henrietta are at the bottom of it." " Yes," said her mother. " How I hate them." " And so do I!" returned Victorine. 1 " They are just the most unoomfortable people in the world to deal with," continued Mrs. I Ferrars. " Sir Harry would ferret out anything; and Lady Henrietta has the most obsolete notions. How I wish her godmother had been a Catholic, and shut her up in a convent!" " Or that anything had happened to her—no matter what!" said Victorine, harshly. She looked quite fierce as she sat rooking herself to and fro in her chair, her brow oon tracted, her lips compressed, her eyes bright and glittering. Her mother began to reproaoh her. " You should have managed better, Yietorine. It is astonishing that a woman of your tact should not have been able to gain over a raw school-girl like Lady Henrietta. You should have conciliated her, my dear, even if you had to saorifioe the dowager." So Yietorine should. Sbe saw her mistake too late. Lady Henrietta was really the most powerful of the two, because she had the most character. " It is too late now," said Yietorine, despond ingly. " Besides, Lady Henrietta would never have liked me, under any circumstances!" * Well, my dear, still you have the dowager— and a most charming creature she is," said her mother. " Come, it may not be so bad as you think. Stick to the dowager, Viotorine." Yietorine shook her head. She knew juit how far Lady Lorimer*! friendship would carry her through a rainy day, and no farther. There was a tap at the door—it was a box of wedding wreaths, come from the milliner's. Viotorine rose slowly, took it in, and flung it carelessly into a corner. Then she threw her* self on the son, and burst into tears. " Come, my dear, it will never do to give np in this way," said her mother, rousing her. "Nothing his happened yet." " Mother, something haunts me—something haunts me!" cried Viotorine, wildly. "Do not try to comfort me! We should have been honest, mother; it would be worth the whole world to me now!" "We did it for the best," said her mother. "We thought of your advancement, dear. It was of the first importance that to get you well established. We have worked hard—we deserve suooess!" "Hard! indeed we have," said Viotorine. Who knows what our secret anxieties have been? But how have we worked, and what will be our reward ? Oh! why did you bring me up in thia false school P" she cried, pas sionately. " I was innocent onoe. But you let me breathe a tainted atmosphere. Oh! mother, you have murdered your child!" "Do not reproaoh me, Victorine. I gave you the beat education I could, and brought you out before you were eighteen. What mother oould have done more? You have had plenty of ex cellent offers, only you have let them all slip through." " And is that what it is to be a woman P" murmured Victorine, her face buried in the cushions; "to dress, to flit about like a butter fly, to be false, flattering, to set snares and traps to catch a name and a position? Did I care for these men, either of them P" " I am sure they are excellent matches, both of them, Viotorine. Poor dear Arthur is a perfect gentleman, and as Sir Harry says, likely to beoome one of the first artists of the day. And as for Lord Wiloox — Gracious Heaven! that is the dowager. Get up, Vioto rine, and look alive, for pity's sake!" " May I come in?" said Lady Lorimer, open ing the door. "Your ladyship does us great honor," re plied Mrs. Ferrars. "Poor Viotorine has • headache to-day," she added sympathetically. "We have been talking of the wedding, and that has brought it on. I am inoonsoble at parting with her. It is very selfish, but an only child, and so very, very dear!" " My maid shall bring some Eau-de-Cologne and rub your temples, Miss Ferrars," said the dowager, carelessly. "I find that to do my headaches the most good. But I want to see the wreaths. Mrs. Winter says they came just now. Put them on, will you P" Viotorine had roused herslf the moment the dowager's step was heard. Now she moved briskly about, cheerful and oourteous as ever. Her habit of dissembling had beoome second nature. Nothing more was said of the head ache. But she took out wreath after wreath and tried them on, turning herself about in | every direction to show them to advantage | ! Lady Lorimer sitting on the sofa, oamly survey ing the effect through her spy-glass. " I think that one is lovely, Viotorine," said ; the dowager. Just ring the bell, will yon t I i want Lord Wiloox to see it" Lord Wiloox was particularly engaged. He was closeted with Sir Harry in the library, and oould not come. Viotorine put her hand to her head as if a sudden pain had shot through it. "How provoking!" cried the dowager. "Tell Lady Hetty to come; I want an opinion and must have it." "Lady Henrietta is gone to the Jonsont, your ladyship," said the servant. " That if just like Hetty," said the dowager, " always out of the way when she is wanted. However, somebody shall see it Come, Yieto rine, we will take them by surprise. They have been shut up quite long enough. We will go into the library and ask them what they think of it." Viotorine drew back, and positively dfftimtd. But Lady Lorimer insisted, and grew angry. Her favorite had never contradicted her before. She would have her go, and drawing her arm in hers, marched her off into the presence of Sir Harry and Lord Wiloox. TO BK OOMTIHUBD. A Whiti Light at Sia.—Captain Lehman, of the ship Adelbeid (the 8. A. Megitter states), noticed daring a voyage from Labuan to Singa pore in 3*5 N. and 10814 E., on Maroh 28, a peculiar white light, euoh as he had not pre viously teen during his twenty-six years of maritime life. He described the occurrence as follow*:—" The weather was rough and raining, and about 10.80 p.m. the helmsman hastily called me on deok. On my arrival there I was almost blinded by a milkywhite light which •hone around. The air was dote, and the ship was going about four or fire knots an hour. At a distance of about- twice the ship's length ahead, and coming from the south* east, there appeared as it were milky-white waves of light; they advanoed with great ra pidity every moment, and seemed as though they would devour the ship. The waves rolled over the vessel at intervals of two seconds, losing themselves at about twioe the ship's length away in the north-west. After a short time they came in an easterly direc tion, dimiaishißg gradually in sue, and towards 11.80 p.m. they disappeared. These waves of light resembled flakes of snow when driven over the rocks by a strong wind, or when in winter a sort of white mist is blown along the Gulf stream over the sea. I cannot, how ever, compare the appearance with any well known object. A shuddering feeling was ex perienced at the sight and the intense light made the eyes aohe. During the whole time the sea was Illumined, though not vividly. For a quarter of an hour after it was over flashes of light were perceptible in the water. Captain Boss, who trades between Singapore and Labuan, declares that he has often witnessed limilar appearances. It would be interesting to hear the opinions of some others, in order to determine the nature of these appearanoes." BIPBBBiKa to the progress of telegraphy in New Zealand, the Wellington Independent says:—" The increase in the reoeipts of the department shows how steadily the uso of the telegraph has outgrown the extensions of the system which have been almost unceasingly in progress. During the year ending June 80, 1871, the money receipts were £22,419 Bs. Bd., for 263,582 message. ; the total mileage of wire being 3217. In the next year the reoeipts in creased to £28,336 4s. 9d., the messages to 344,524, and the miles of wire to 8823. The finanoial statement of last session shows that the Commissioner of Telegraphs estimated, for the year ending on June 30th, a total receipt of £33,000, or an increase of £10,581 over 1870*1, and of £4664 over 1871-2. But satisfactory as this would have been, had no more than the estimate been realised, wo are informed that the revenue for the three quarters, up to Maroh 31st, amounted to £20,191195. 9d., for about 350,000 messages; so that the total money re ceipts for the current financial year will no doubt reach £38,000, for, in round numbers, 460,000 messages, or an inorease of £6000 upon the estimate, and £9664 over the actual reoeipts for 1871-2. The total number of miles of wire in use at the end of Maroh quarter wm about I 4600." 