MISS ROSE EVANS AS 'HAMLET.' v On Friday night Miss Evans appeared at tho Theatre Royal in tho character of Hamlet. It was announced as her benefit night, and whilo there was a fair muster in the circle the other parts oi tuo nouse were well attended. J udgiug from the applausa, recalls, and floral tribute^ accorded to Miss Evans, we have to say that her temerity in appearing in the masterpiece of England's greatest dramatist was very successful. Bursts of applause were very frequent through out the play, at the end of every act sbo was called before the curtain, and each time received bouquets of flowers. ? ? , ? It would, however, be a mistaken act of kind ness on our part to allow Miss Evans to supposo that we regard her performance in tho light of a triumph in the true dramatic sense. We aro willing to admit that she played her part with effect, startling at times to a Shaksperian reader, but it was scarcely in the nature of things that she could realize even to her most enthusiastic admirer the character- of Hamlet. Were she a big stalwart person who spoke iu deep tones, instead of a petite woman with a sweet girlish -voice, the incongruity of sex might perhaps have been got over. As. it was, with an Ophelia a head taller than Hamlet, a mother vastly his (or her) superior ia size, and the King, Horatio, Laertes, and the Ghost like giants by her side as she appeared in her novel dress, Miss Evans looked like another Gulliver in Brobdignag. But setting aside such a consideration, and with tho' fact fully before us that she was severely indis posed, as she afterwards explained, we can hardly compliment Miss Evans upon her interpretation of the part. If a man were to render it as sho did we should say he played it badly. We will not dwell upon one or two palpable errors we noticed, which we believe were lapsi linguce, and attributable to the cause above referred to; but we think Hamlet was made too much of the whining schoolgirl type of character; he (or she) was in fact as he himself said, speaking of his mother,, f 'Like Niobe, all tears.' We think that while Hamlet is undoubtedly sorrowful and melancholy, ho is at the same time vigorous and manly; and it is, utterly inconsistent with the vigorous action he takes that h« should always speak as though he were on the vary verge of bursting into a flood of teara. Thou, again, we observed that for the sake of effect Miss Evans was regardless of the proper emphasis. We may mention an instance tha struck us during the performance by the player before the King and Queen. Hamlet says to the latter, ' Madam, how like you this play?' Says Miss Evans, ' Madam, how like YOU this play?' Again, in the line, 'Assume a virtue if you havo it hot,'. Miss Evans throws a powerful stress upon virtue. We must, however, do Miss Evans the justice to say that she certainly seemed to act upon Hamlet's instructions to the player to a much greater extent thai) we had expected, and we think it likely that if at a Ladies' College she were to recite some of the soli loquies as she did last night she would stand a reasonable chance of taking the first prize for rhetoric — that is if such a prize is ever given. Mr. W. J. Hollowaygava the speeches of the Ghost very fairly; but Mr. Milne, as Poloniu3, betrayed an unhappy knack of chopping blank verse into couplets. Mr. S. Woolfe took, the part of the King, and did much better, in that important character than was expected of him, and was applauded. Miss Rosa Cooper took the part of Queen, and Miss Ardec,as Ophelia, was second to none in the whole cast. Only the first three acts of the tragedy were performed, the representation terminating with the scene in which Hamlet upbraids hia mother for her perfidy. At the fall of tho curtain Miss Evans was recalled to receive very hearty plaudits. .She afterwards appeared and made a little speech, tendering her 'heartfelt thanks for the kind manner in which the publio had supported her efforts to please them,' It was, she said, unfortunate that she should havo Sad to play on her benefit night, coming from a severe indisposition, which she attributed to changes of climate, but she had done her best, though ate did not think she was fit to undertake Hamlet However, she threw herself on the indulgence of the audience, and hoped ' to do better on a better occasion.' If we may venture to substitute ' more suitable' for tho second word ' better,' we, while expressing our hearty sympathy with the fair actress, will also add that we are quite certain -she will, We regret to state that it was subsequently men tioned that she was too ill after her exertions to appear in the comedietta 'The Happy Pair/' as announced. Without n»w referring to Miss Evans's abflity-^-to which we arVniosfc willing to pay a tribute of respect— we would say . that no actor or actress that- has ever visited us has worked more assiduously to provide efficiently for the amusement' of th© theatre-going public or deserved better at thbir hands.' - We sincerely hope her indisposition, will not prove serious. ? ' . ??» After the portion of 'Hamlet'.th8 jureaflo members of the company essayed to entertain the audience with songs and duets, and their efforts were successful, though displaying but a mediocrity of talent in all excepting tho child Milly Downey, who exhibited surprising aptituda for the stage. 'Savourneen Deeli&h;' is an nounced for to-night. ??'??- , 