THE KYNETON BENCH. (To the Editor of the Kyneton Obterver) SIE.-I am strongly persuaded that you "don't know nothing," You're not up to snuff at all. at all I know how business ourht to be brongHt before the Kyneton Bench, and, by your leave. I mil venture to give Mr G. W. Sands a hint or two through his own paper In the first, plaoe you shonld know that the Polioe Magistrate i« a nobody on the Benoh. He speaks, it is true, but Mr Weigall, the perpetual, pulls the strings. The Polioe Masrietrate is an amiable, well-meaning man. hut evorbody knows that Mr Weigall twists him round his finger at pleasure. It is necessary for you to know that Mr Weigall ia the Benoh. When the P.M. speaks, bow to Mr Weigall. When the P. W. asks a question. answer Mr Weigall. Let Mr Weigall patronise you to any extent. Don't eo to Court hoping and prayingthat Mr Weigall will not be there, for if you do your hopes will be COBfounded. He is always there, and will always be there, even when there is no Benoh to ait upon. Ihe Polioe Magistrate is not there always, but Mr Weigall is. If there were no Kyneton Benoh, if the court-were reduced tct nritis, ^hen would Mr Weigall sit npon the ruins as Marias eat amidst the rains of Carthage. And, even when he is dead, I do believe is ghost will oome and take his seat upon the Bench, c x officio. The inevitable Mr Weigall is inevitable. As you tnowyoo cannot enter the Kyneton Oourt ithout meeting him, as yoa know he will be there s surely as the sun rises, then prepare to meet him. think his close attention to the Benoh arises from wo or three causes. In the firatplaoe he has nothing etter to do, and that ia his chief souroe of entsrtainroent." In the next place he really believes the Oourt could not exist without him; and, in the third place, he goes there to gratify his vanity, and ehow his enemies how well he can forget his animosities, and how, god-like, he can deal out jastioe alike to all as the rain descendeth on the just and unjust. Tb«n, if you do not wish to have more than ba:« justice, bear in mtnd that Mr Weigall is the Bsnoh. Having learnt this TOO must next learn one at two of the old gentleman's amiable weaknesses. In the firstplace do not, for your life, give him offence by neglecting ,, „ , . , , , , _ ^ ° f thos8 8maU c o ™ 3 a » d o f^ e r demanded by men who ape Sir Oracle. When he smiles, smile; when he laujhs, laugh ; when he raises hij voice, tremble; and you are right. By attending to tlieBe small details I always manage to get on. and get jaattoe. r u . t Bn insUnce Bnd it ^ ,erTe to show , ' the mould of ,.. ths man , s mind. - , r> On . one . oocasion : " uu " . . ^en Mr Weigall was Clem of Petty Sessions, an affiliation case oame on for hearing. The paternity of the child WM dispute! by the paler, and Mr *Veigall theu expressed great anxiety to be sworn as an expert—just fancy!—that he might give evidence to the paternity of the child. «' What?" exclaimed the „licitor IT the defence, "are yoa a member of the Gamp and Betsy Prig fraternity?" Mr Weigall was £ „ (I tremble and fear to enggest „ . r . y „ , . » u thu > word mettnB -> He t , hen de<5l »red from h,B own knowledge of anatomy (stc) he had no hesitation in saying that the defendant was the father of the fatherless child in question. Gould any declaration be more absurd, impertinent, or reokless on the very ^„„j it? in the first plaoe I don't suppose Mr Weipil] fcn0WB the difference between the frontal and ^ ^ 7"" ^ ' f musoleei befcwMa Tems and arterte^ or between the diaphragm aud the tendon Achilles. Bnt even if he does; if he were a member of the Boyal College of Surgeons, I fail to see what a knowledge of anatomy has to do with a mere "family likeness." There are no anatomical differences, usually, between one man and another. And even in isolated cases where there are it does not follow, as amply proved, that the p& ooliarity will be transmitted from father to son. The pretended knowledge as an " expert" was a piece of impudent assumption. Impudent because the pre. tender stepped out of his road in an intermeddling apirit to give eridenoe ona subject he could by no postible meami be able to give an opinion on. Sis Betsy Prig knowledge may be ever so profound, but, for all that, his " ooinion " oould be worth nothing. A solicitor in court"suggested that he (Mr WeiglS) sllould Bomtinise 4118 rerarae « de ' Having examined tŁe anterior, the examination of the posterior foll°wed as a matter of oouise; but at this suggestion Mr W. was indignant, and asked the Bench to proteot him, as if that "reverse" of tha "counter feit presentment" had nothing to do with the an tomy of which he was snch a critic! If a msn . • . .... were ^el,mme a , 00111 to &8eertaln lt8 genuineness, e wo examine the " obverse" and the <• reverse." 11 ^ Wei « l,u bad only considered this he would not b&ve; uttered the pettish obsecration he did. What Ifr Wsigall really wished to convey WAS that he believed his trained eye oould detect a family like ness when he viewed the child and its alleged father. tr v. „- ... . . . , 5 H„ he ^ ^ T ^ rel " ,ons ,Mtoad of P 0^""^ ^^^ himself an «• expert,* and talking about anatom mor o .w f i s K t b t f t r s p e t t t F F G A j t r t i t h t ' p t p t y » weight might have been attached 40 bis modest words than his priggish notions about "anatomy." When Lonis XVI, Marie, and their ohildren were running away-from their rebellious sub- jeota at Paris, on their way to the frontier at 0Ut . ™ eoarm g e mndow - A P 6 " 5 " 1 * onoa °°g 01Be<1 him as the king and gave information. He neTer (een the king before, but he at onoe n- cognised the head projecting from the carriage as the head he bad ao often eeen on the coins passing through his hands. If poor Louis* head had not been on the coins, in all probability it would not hare been cut off. Now the person who detected him had as much claim io be considered an " expert" and an "anatomist" as Mr Weigall. " Anatomy" had as much to do with the one as the other. M> Weigall, I I believe, was a die sinker at ths mint, and be may consider that his long practice of copping his sovereign's head entitles him to style himself "an expert," and enables him to pronounoe with authority upon all the "coinage" in the world, Whether it be the coinage of the realm or the coinage of ohildren. I have no doubt Mra Gamp's knowledge of anatomy" was quite on a par with that of Ur WeigaU'e if not above par; and the Frenoh peasant had jnst as great a right to be called an "expert" as UrWeigalL I have just narrated this little story to show what manner of man deals out justioe. If you flatterhis little vanities and conceits you may tub along well enough with the inevitable old gentleman, but if you don't," look after your "anatomy." «EXPERT.," 