THE VISIT. I ,wAs admired and envied by my acquaint ance.: I was handsome, sprightly, quick witted; and though I did not point in water-colors, was tolerably accomplished, nineteen years old, and of one of the best families in Kingsford. : My family was all that it should be; but notwithstanding its prosperity and power, I was much dis satisfied with my condition at this time. To me Kingsford was a desert. My inner life was a desert, a waste, a solitude, where, figuratively; speaking, there were no castles in the air, nopalace of the Sleep ing Beauty. Of course I did not value the inestimable privilege of.health, youth, and the enjoyment of solid worldly com forts. iMy mind was empty ;in fact, it was wasting'for every possible cxperionce and its result.. 'rhoe mysterious oracle which plroclaims 'the power .and solace of nature was dumb, and the institiotive sympathies which give us an insight into the inidividualities of others had not been roused. Without dreaming.the truth con cerning myself-and there was no one to tell'ine of it-this was the. statement :of my case. 'There was 'no'social stimulant in: Kingsford, no society; there'was not a delightfulmian in the range of my ac quaintanco; the whole male population of Kingsford *might have been'marshalled before me daily, and rank and file'would not have given my heart one extra beohat. Months passed in this way, and no gleam of relief appeared beyond my hori zon. Nobody visited us, no letters came to me, not even from my dear school friends, from whom I had been absent a year. What a' selfish world-and me perishing I Dying with hunger and thirst, which no one suspected. My mother, whose vocabulary of reproof was choice,. bestowed it upon me in a' mechanical way, but she did not discover the root of the evil. Do mothers ever discover the wants and needs of their daughters ? Why should they, in the fullness of their own content with husbands, children, and the absolute qucenship of home created for them?: One summer day, when, .more 'than usual, I perceived there was no phliloso pliy in heaven or earth to dream of, I went to mother, who was in= her `sitting-room. Miy appearance must have struck her dis.. agreeably;'shb' frowned so, and said, irri tably ,,> "Go away, Anno'Capel." hBut I would not go; I'planted myself in a chair by the window; and stared out. The clouds rose in snowy masses up' the' blue sky; dipping and breaking into each other; the- fields," with their- boundary walls, stretching 'away. till' they met the dismal'pine woods. I never, see those fundamental clouds, 'white and 'solid,i towering' into the blue ether, withoutisee ing the image of my fair mother, as she sat with a reproachtiful look. ' ' " Have you finished your novels, Anne ?" she continued. " Yes, every novel in this old town. I am not famishing for bcoks, though. Iam starving for human beings, and there ain't any in these parts." ' " Oh, Anne, Anne, what a wicked girl I You are spoiled by indulgence. You are too idle for anything. I have an errand or two for you to do. Will you do them, and turn yourself to a little account P" "Yes; anything to break the monotony." " Widow Clapp must have some tea, and I want you to go to Itomon's and ask him to save me some quincees-as a favor, mind. You like to go to IIomon's, you know, Anne." A, nd so I did. In a few minutes I was on the road which skirted the upper part of our village ; it was steeped in sunshine, and perfumed with the wild flowers in the thicket. Mrs. Olapp's gratitude detained me, and the mun was low .when I started for 1jomon's, a little way up the same road. Homon's was a farm 'where some of our supplies were obtained. It was a cheerful .'old place, one tumbling into another, mixed with a delightful famili arity of weeds, flowers, poultry, "crea tures" and people. I walked over the short turf of the front door-yard, alive with clucking hens, and stepped across the threshold. The doors were all open ; the rooms were occupied ; a parrot sqial led in emulation of Itomon's laugh, ivho sat against the wall. Mrs. Hionio was flying about with the supper utensils. " Glad you're come, Miss Anne," iomon bawled; " for some folks have come who klow you, and want to see you, Saves mdi taking 'em along to your house. Come in, come in." ".Sartinly sie's going to stay," added Mrs. Homoin, "Thdy'vo come upon me unawares, qnd hero tlse are ; and go right in iinto them, my dear.' I looked across the passage, and, to my surprise, looked` on ,an old friend and schoolmate, Olive Vernon, from whom I had received no tidings since her wedding card, six months ago. She was calmly surveying me through her eye glass, and wore a refreshing smile. " Olive I Olive !" I cried, "ghost in nmice o ay, and .hero , What does it mean ?' , "I am here because my aunt has busi neoss.with.this bovine man; I was going toyou afterward. Are you ready to make mo a visit at once P Aly purpose holds good for that fact." "Is.it possible P" "Yes; we are housekeeping in Moreo ham. i My husband is a doctor, you know, and is trying to establish a practice. Now will you come P Doctor knows all about you, and he told me to invite you sure." "It is like a dream, seeing you hero." "Now'really," interrupted Mrs. Homon, "it is right nice to see you young ladies together, and I knew your mas when they were your age. Won't you go in the garden and see my hollyocks P Supper ai't quite ready." eTlieo.garden, with the rows of box and altliea bushes, I had seen a hundred times, but it looked new. to me now, with the re 'freshing Olive added. , '"'Vo might play, rasnd dames in this pldheched alley," said Olive. "Anne, I want you in, my house, so, maybe, we can revive .ourold illusions. Never a dream comes true, though. Life shapes itself; we don't shape it. I am curious for you to see,somebody." , You are happy, Olive, with him P" "Of course; just as happy as I always was, and always shall be, you sentimental goose, with or without hims." "I am so glad to see you, Olive ! To tell the .truth, I am just bored to death, and long for a change. Will you beg mother to let mo go P" And so it as settled. Olive passed the next day with us, and in a week from that time I was ready for d'oreham. I hap. penoed to go alone, and arrived] at the More. ham station late in the afternoon, finding no one waiting for me. I inquired the way to Dr. Denbigh's, and a boy about the premises offered his services as guide. "I know 'em all," he said ; " fust-rate and-a-half folks. I hold Captain Wilson's horse sometimes, and black MIr. Denbigh's boots. The house is above the bridge yonder." The bridge ho spoke of spanned alovely little stream; willows waved over it, like a delicate green veil, and I stopped to admire it. "Them weepin'-willows is often re marked," said my guide. "I've seen Captain Wilson wipo his eyes when he looked at them, but Mr. Denbiqh stumps by ; hol's lame, you know. Going to stay a spell?", ,!aI,answered satisfactorily, and he left me at Olive's gate with a flourish. She ran to moot me' full of apologies for the absence, of:all the gentlemen. She ap. Peared fidgety, and I felt constrained. Dhoe house was large, dingy, and chilly. We sat in a parlor a few minutes to ex change remarks, and then sheo took me to my room up stairs, an apartment with two long windows, which opened upon a piazza covered with vines. I expressed my lik ing for the room and for the view from it. . " ow glad I am, and how anxious I feel about your opinion of our gentlemen." "Gentlemen, Olive P" "Yes ;:the doctor consented to take for the season Captain Wilson, a widower, his little girl, and nurse. The other gentleman is George Denbigh, the doctor's brother, who spends much of his time here. Yes, I am very curious to know what you will think of him ; le is a puzzle. We shall meet at tea, soon to be ready. Look your best, miss. I'll leave you now. Come down when you hear the bell. 'I'he trrin is nearly dclue." 1 tossed over my wardrobe with some apprehension, but at last selected a plain dress, and decorated it with blue ribbons. Just as the last knot was arranged, I heard a masculinoe .voice call. "Olive," then a little run, then a bell, which I concluded was my summons, and descended. I walked slowly down the broad stairs, and saw in the parlor, on my right hand, a handsome, red- haired, portly gentleman tossing a beautiful little girl in les arms; and as I entered the parlor on the left I encountered a pale, dark-haired gentle man, limping to amid fro, who was reading aloud'from a newspaper. Olive saton the sofa; with her head on the shoulder of a third gentleman, her husband, who rose, and, with her introduction, gave me a polite welcome. Mlr. George Denbigh was also initroduced; he bowed, and said, " Now, Olive, give' Miss Capel her tea; she needs it, I am sure.' (To be continned,.) 