To the Bitter Suit, ?RT MTSR RRADDON. ' I don't know about the table, Mr. Mumby said the ancient butler, with an offended air ; ' Sir Lucas's platto was as fine a sight as you'd ?wish, to lay your eye3 ou — fourteen feet tang, ?with gadrooii edijes, andratnpiugliojisfor sup porters at all the comers! and our silver covers and side-dishes took thres men a week to clean before they come to the state of perfection as X like to see. As for covers and side-dishes now \- adnys.with this mean sneak ng way of handing everytliirtk ronad, you might a» well be with out 'em, for all the credit they do you. I'm past my time, I dessay, Mr. Mumby, and I'm glad of it, when -I see the present low.lired ?way of doing things. Why, one of our dinners ?would have made six of yours in solid butcher's meat ; and where you ve one side-dish in. your menew, we had half-a-dozen.' ' I don tknow what you mean by side-dishes Mr. Mulea,' said the modern domestic; we have nothink but uongtrays and hougtray mays.' The inaugurative dinner wasa f ucceas. Tris tram Moles woe allowed to peep into tbe dining room before t(je banquet, a wan feeble figure amid all that glow of colour and spai-kle of glass under the soft light of waxen tapirs. Pale as a ghost revisiting the scenes of its earthly joys, he gazed upon tiie glittering board with a, faint approving smiLe, and confessed that it was nicely arranged. 'I never did bold with flowers on a'dinner tablo,' he said, shaking his head at the pyra mids of rare hothouse blossoms, and the dwai'f forest of fern :md geranium reflected in the crystal plateau : 'but if you must have 'em, 1 allow you've arranged 'em tastily. It's all very pretty, Mr. Alumby, like ayoung lady's counter at a fancy fair; Wfc I'an an old man, and I shall go down, to my grave with ttie opinion thatyinr tup ;md bottom and your six side dishes is the b.:st decoration for your dinuer table. ' Thus, with a deprecating gbrug and a mournful survey of the frivolous buiird, Mr. Moles having -*ome like a shadow, so departed. The dinner. ;i3 well as being a success from a gastronomi: point of rieiv ibere was a pannes.-! u skiffle towards the end oi ibe feast, whicu tlie eMest Miss Stalman, who was gifted with an epicurean taste, drcuint of — was a social triumph. The hum and rattle of conversation lu-vei1 ceased; there were no awkward p:iu«irj.iu which peoplesiumltiincuualy awaVe to tbo discovery that uo oue is talking, till tbe must nudicions member ?-! tbe circle plunge3 iuto the gulf of silence with some inauc remark. «:hicb, being gratefully received by host and n^tess, bridges the dreary cb.osm, and leads tbe .vay to pastures new. To-night at Clereiiou tln;re were plenty of good tallcers. General Obevi -: and Colonel Diiveuaut helped and sustained .neb other, yet were judiciously placed far eiwugh apart to have each his auditory. The two Miss Stalinam were of the agreeaDle-iMttlr- species: could ulk croquet or tbe Aogy, line iirt, horses or boiauy with equal facility- : could draw out the dullest neighbour aud entangle the oddest cavalier in tbe marsboa of one of those confidental conversations about nothing particular, wbich, seen f ioui a little distance, look like flirtation of the deepest dye. In such -JL p;irry, if Mr. Harcross bad chosen to eat Ins dinner in. comparative silence, he migbt have (V^ne so with impunity. There were plonty i..:' people to -talk; and Georgie's aunt Mrs. Chowder, whom he took iu to dinner, was nut exactiug bo lung as the ministering spirits of the banquet brought her tbe nicest eutn-cs, and not tbe ruined walls of the vol-uu-vcii'.d, or the legs of the chickens. 'I can't diuo without cunie.' she told her neighbour o^iijentinlly, 'and- 1 can't nine withuuti bitter br-er. I know it sou ads dreadful; but 1 was twenty years in India, itnd use is second uaruiv-, }-on know. I don t know whether you noticed it, but there was no grated cocoa-nut iu that curcie. 1 must give Georgitias cook poor dear Chowders recipe; it copy of it, tbat is to say. The original document in m bis own handwiitiug, and I keep it anioug tbe letters he wrote me when I came home for nw. health.' While ifi-a. Chowder enjoyed her dinner, however, Mr. (Jarcrois did not abandon him self tj silence. On the contrary, he went in for h triumph and acicved it, saying some ot his bc^t aud bitterest things, to the delight of an admiring uirole, talking mncb more than usual , not bunging back, and watching his opportuniy to rlisb. in upon the talk with speech as keen as a. s-.vord-thrust, after the manner of some diuuer-table wits, but inakiug all the talk at bi3 end of liie table, and sustaining it with unabated vigour. Westou Vall.jry, who was seated at Augusta's left baud, w.ts not slow to observe this extreme vivacity. _' f?ow lively your husband is to-night!' he said to Mrs. Harcross ; he has almost a fever ish air.' ' I suppose be wishes to make himself acree able to onr-f Hands,' Augusta answered, iu her chilling way, but with a little suspicious glance across trie table towards her husband neverthe less. ' He is not generally dull in society,' she added. 'O, dear no; on the contrary, he is a man ?who seems created to shine in society. It's a pity that type of man always seems to lose a little in the domestic circle.' Augusta flashed one of her sternest glances upon her cousiu ; but he was as much accustom ed to tbe angry flush of those brilliaut hazel eyes as she was to this kind of malicious insinu ation against her husband. ' I don't kuow what yon mean by losing in the domestic circle,' she said stiffly ; ' I never found Hubert at a loss for conversation at home.' Keally now,' said 'Weston, with his insolent jacredulons air, ' lebould have thought that even Canning or Sydney Smith must have been l-Bther bad company at home. * man of that kind wants such a dinner as this to develop his powers. Though, by-tue-bye, there really is jw one here, and that's why f felt surprised by Harcross s excessive vivacity. I can t ste the source of his inspiration. What can it matter to him whether those girls in blue think him a witoradullaiH; or that old Indian General, or the stout party in green satin— an aunt of the house. I believe P What todon can he net trom amusing all these nobodies P 'It is just possible tbat.be may wish to please y fuends,' replied Augista, with dig? i nity. You cannot suppose that a man in bis position must always bave a motive for bebe agreeable. He is not upon his promotion »g No, he is one of those infernal lucky fellows ' He has worked harder than most men and Las more talent than most men, W«to'n. I dontjsce that there is any luck iu the cisc1' . '? uoutyoxi P Was there no luck in marrv .ng yon? What is there to distinguish bkn from the ruck of mankind, that should entitfe' him to such a prize as be secured when he IZ ^LSTaSSSy^ dcVoted y0Q ave * 6tyle^eSt°n' * WiU n0t aU°W yo' t0 talk in tbat ^xsy^^^rcif^ TnTs ™drb- ' prOVokes »e Past ond 'r. ance sometimes to sec you so f.nd of him' 