GHOSTS AND GOBLINS. It would be easy to fill page after page with the details of the various ideas entertained about ghosts, goblins, and demons. Suoh ideas extend ne t only to the appearance ot such beings^ iheir appu^el/ appurtenances, ^nd so on, bu t to the noises which they make either of themselves or. by means of various! supernatural objects wlii which ithey are supi carry about with them.' " yhus— . The'*ha»t«J df*d Did squeak and gibber in the .Booiaa (tfaeU A little ere tbe mightiMt Juliiu felJ." - And it is to bo noted that as ghosts cpmaoolf show no face, so 1 few hbve toeh khown to speak with full voice. Thu may be because the noises heard at the hours when ghosts are seen are not Buch as can tie by ah^ po&ibility; mistaken for the human voice in its ordinary tones, while, nevertheless, an excitedimagiUation oan frame spoken words out of the strange sounds which can be heard iti almost every house in tbe stillness of night. This also serves to account for the notion that ghosts can clank chains, or, make other dismal noises. Sounds heard at, night are highly deceptive; a small noise close by. is taken for a loutfnoise at; a ^distance (not necessarily a very great distauce); and a noise made by objects of one kind will be mistaken for noises made by objects,of a diTerent kind altogether. A friend of mine told me he had been disturbed, two nights; running' by a; sound' as of an army tramping doith aroad which passed some 200 yards from his house : he found the' third night (I had suggested, an. experimental test as to the place whence the sound came) that the noise was produced by a.dock in the next house, the clock having been newly placed against the party-wall. We all know Carlyle's story ot the ghostly voice heard each evening by a low-suirited man—a voice as if one, in like doleful dumps, proclaiming,' once I was hap-hap-hapy, but now I am meeserable,"— and how the ghost resolved itself into a rusty kitchen-jack. There is a case of a lady who began to think herself the victim of some de- lusion, and perhaps threatened by approaching illness, because each night, about a quarter of an hour after she had gone to bed, she heard a hideous din in the neighborhood of her house, or else (she was uncertain which) in some distant room. The noise was in reality the slightest possible creak (within a few feet of her pillow, however,) and produced by the door of a wardrobe which she closed every night just before getting into bed. The door, about a quarter of an hour after being closed, recovered its position of rest, slightly beyond which it had been pushed in closing. In another case, the crawling of a snail across a window produce i sounds which were mistaken for the strains of loud hut distant mustc. It is, perhaps, not going too far to say that our modern spirits, who deal in noisa-making as well as iu furniture-tilting (of yet more marvellous feats we say nothing), are n :>t acquainted with the means by which tbe ear may be deceived, as in the cases just considered. Some sounds said to be heard during dark seances suggest the suspicion. It will be seen that the opinion to which I incline—as the best and p rhaps only natural interpretation of events supposed to be supernatural—is that real pights and sounds are modified by the imagination, either excited or diseased, into seemingly supernatural occurrences. It does not seem to me likely that in any large proportion of recorded (and presumably veracious) ghost stories there has been an actual phantom of the brain. Such phantoms are sometimes seen, no doubt, and unreal voices are sometimes heard; but the con Ution of the brain which leads to such effects must be regarded as altogether exceptional. Certainly, it is not common. On the contrary, the play of fancy by which images are formed from objects in no way connected with the picture raised in the mind is a common phenomenon. Although, some minds possess the faculty more fully than others, few actually want it. I suppose there is not one person in a thousand who cannot see "faces in the fire," for instance, though to some the pictures so produced are much more vivid than others.—CornJtUl Magazine. THE Pastoral Times states that there is rfvery probability of a pastoral show being held at Deniliquin ia 1874. Several stockowners have intimated a desire to exhibit sheep, eattle, and horses there, and 6ome of the townspeople have already promised to contribute liberally towards the contemplated show. A BUNYIP has been seen by Alderman Eastaughffe, of Dalby—at least so the local journal says. He was out shooting ducks on the creek, when he came in sight of a huge monster, with a head like a seal and a tail consisting of two fins, a large and a smaller one. Further particulars are not given, but an endeavor ought to be made to form a better acquaintance with the animal, whatever it may be. It would be a proud day for Dalby were one of its aldermen to be the first to capture a real live bunyip. 1 IT seems not improbable that red herrings will in a short time become luxuries only to be found on the breakfast table of the millionaire. The comparative failure of the fishing at Anstruther has, says the Edinburgh Cowant, led to unusually high prices being gives this reason: but on Monday they attained a height unparalleled in the history of fishing. Several boats had gone to sea late on Sunday night, and returned on Monday morniqg, with very light takes, the highest being three baskets. For these there was a keen competition, and the prices ranged from 17s 6d to S3s per basket, or irom 70s to 93s per era a. At tbe latter price the herring would cost about ljd each to the fish buyers, so that by the time they reach the English markets they will be very dear fish to purchase. ATTicus," in the Melbourne Leader, Is rough on the Northern Territory. He says Port Darwin is progressing. Some enterprising persons have been found bold enough to think of starting a newspaper. In the meantime A manuscript journal has b&a; issued under the title of the Palmerston Free Prets. It consists of.one sheet of quarto letter paper, with a half-sheet supplement, and is sold at one shilling per number. The editor in his appeal to the public, says:—" We are prepared tostand Or fall by their decision; if ; avorable, we will soar/triumphant 'nMth ethereal' sides'till tbe orack bf aoom. If wo fail, we are content to.abide ty the issue, and throw ourselves, asCurtius in the Roman Foriim did of old, into the fathomless abyss and yawning ohasm of obsourity, there to meet with the' fate toe deserve for our presumption, looked frojn the world by holts freshly forged from the hands of Vulcan, and guarded by the trabtaheaded dog Cerberus in the nethermost recesses 0! Hades." Then is efidentlv ji no scarcity of oats gin at Palmerston. ' 