SERICULTURE. ' Among the most tantalizing of the many industries from time to time recommended as suitable to South Australia may unques tionably be reckoned the production of silk. It has been tried upon one principle and another and upon one scale and another over and over again, and still it refuses to take rank amongst the recognised occupations of the people. Times out of number it has been demonstrated upon, paper that a place more admirably adapted to, sericulture than this could not ba found. The climate, soil, and general conditions of South Australia com bine to render the pursuit one of special promise. The mulberry tree and the silkworm alike take kindly, to the colony, and the samples of produce exhibited at agricultural shows, displayed in museums, or examined by qualified judges have been reported upon as being of excellent quality. But, after aQ, sericulture amongst as has not advanced beyond the experimental stage. Silk, although produced in somewhat larger quantity now than it was a few years ago, does not hold a prominent position amongst our exports. The Silk Industrial Association started two or- throe years ago in Adelaide still exists, but it has not prospered to the extent that could have been wished. The efforts made at Gawler, Mount Barker, and other places to promote aeri culture have met with a certain amount of success, but they cannot as yet be regarded as more than tentative. After all that has been said and done the unsatisfactory admis« sion must be mate that the industry is yet in its infancy, and in a very piny fragile infancy too, v But despite the discouragements that have been met with in the past, we do not despair of seeing sericulture numbered amongst the profitable minor pursuits of the population! -Hitherto it has been carried on in an unsystematic fitful ' manner, little care being taken, except in one or two instances, to secure approved descriptions of the worm, and none to arrange for the disposal of the silk. In short, the difficulty has been the same in kind although not in extent with, that experienced in regard to vine growing. There are plenty of persons willing to devote some attention to the in dustry, but they lack the skill to supply an article of marketable value. This fact applies with nearly equal force to all the Australian colonies, but recently steps have been taken by Mrs. Bladen NeiU, pro prietre83 of ~ a station?' near Carowa, tolremove this reproach from the adjoining colony. Armed with- introductions from Viscount Canterbury td various British (JcjnsuLj, she in December, 1871, proceeded to! Europe and personally ' visited the principal' towns in Southern Italy and France. Everywhere she went there was the same sad story— disease had assailed all the famous breeds, resulting in the destruction of millions of insects and thousands of trees. The Japanese worms, although an active race and producers of good silk, were so. small and troublesome to manage that they were very unpopular, aid as a consequence had their education seriously neglected. Pursuing her enquiries in Spain, the Levant, and other silk-producing territories Mrs.Neill met with no better success. ' ' The races were all diseased, and there was a general outcry for grain and eggs.' Keturning to Milan, she incidentally obtained information from an American banker which induced her to visit the ancient town of Aube, romanti* cally situated between the Lakes of Neuf. chatel and Geneva. Here she came upon the establishment of one M. fioland, who after seven years had secured a race of silkworm perfectly free from disease, and had found in them a perfect mine of wealth. During 1872 his crop of grain amounted to 14,000 or 15,000 ozs., and for this he found ready sale at 30 franca an oz., the product of Hs year's operations being £18,000. In mch estimation were the eggs raised by him held, that his brother, a banker in Turin, could easily have disposed of 60,000 ounces had they been forthcoming. Mrs. Neill remained at Aube for four months learning the open air system of education practised by this successful grain merchant, and furnishing him with in formation respecting Australia. So thoroughly did she imbue his mind with a conviction of the suitability of the climate of the colonies for silkworm rearing that he purposes coming out in 1874 to assist in the erection of silk- houses. In the meanwhile he intends furnishing her with eggs for distribution among those who will strictly carry out his system of reproduc tion. The arrangement proposed is that the result shall be divided between him and the producer, he agreeing to dispose of both shares in Italy at the rate of SO francs an ounce. ?????'-.? i Through the influence of his lady visitor M. Roland was last year induced to exhibit at Lyons, and has by this means largely extended his European conttction— a fact which will be of no small importance to these provinces should the scheme for acclimatizing his system in Australia succeed. The colonies will not be altogether dependant upon him for an introduction to these Old World markets, for by dint of great trouble and expense Mr. Brady, the pioneer of sericul ture in New South Wales, has obtained a favourable judgment upon a small lo: of eggs sent from Sydney, and has now an order for something like 2,000 ozs. Should he be able to execute this to the satisfaction of his customers, it is probable that a demand for Australian grain greatly in excess of the present means of supply will be created. At any rate, thanks to the persevering efforts of Mr. Brady and Mrs. Neill, a brighter prospect id opened to the silk worm-rearer than has perhaps ever presented itself before. Not only are the manufacturers crying out for more of the raw material, but the producers are clamorous for good healthy gram, = for which they are willing to pay fabulous prices, if only the quality can be relied upon. Henceforward persons engaged upon silk culture in the colonies may count; upon having two strings to their bow, and the process that promises the most satis factory results, financially speaking, is un questionably the production of grain. For this an inexhaustible market may be found at a price which cannot fail to realize a handBome profit. The great desideratum now appears to be to secure a thoroughly good sample of seed, and this it appears is procurable from Mrs. Neil], who has brought with her a stock from which she will be able to supply to a moderate extent the wants of applicants who are willing to bind themselves to abide by M. Roland's system, and to dispose of their produce through him. From the refe rences made to South and Western Aus tralia in communications published in the Sydney newspapers, it may be inferred that it is clear that those colonies will hot be overlooked in any distribution that may take place should they exhibit a reasonable wish to participate in it. The following letter, which bears deserved testimony to the energetic action of Mrs; NedlL may be accepted as a proof of the readiness of iniuential men in Italy to foster sericulture in Australia :-~ ' 'Anglo-American Ba&k;, «'No. 3, Vieu del Giardino, 'Milan. October 29, 1872. ' Pear Madam— It is with much pleasure that we learn from you of your' success with our friend M. Roland, at Aube, and that you are carrying with you to Australia sufficient silk worm seed fora fair experiment in that country, hereafter, we have no doubt, to produce eggs, cocoons, and silk In such quantities as to make an export trade 'well worth while. As you know, we are now regular importers of cards from Yokohama, mostly of the Sousksiah brand ; but if the energy of your friends in Australia comes anything near your own, we feel certain that you will soon come into the Lombard markets, and drive the Japan trade, which presents in conveniences, out of the country. ' Our silkworm grain sent from here in 1869 excited attention from the circumstance that the eggs were tha largest that had been seen here for many years. The weight and evenness of the little lot (about 21 ounces) were highly approved, as the fertilization was too evident to be questioned. This last quality impressed the Frenchmen more even than the soundness of the stock. ' Ab this lot was early, it got a natural hiber nation in Europe, and circumstances were favourable. The best sample in 1870 was over 100 ounces, of much the same style, though not in such good time. 'In 1871 we did very little, only 20 ounceg, in consequence of the bother and losses occa sioned by the falling. through of our arrange ments with the Government; but the result of the specimens was a positive order for 2,000 ounce*-, and an intimation that if we could send three tons or more, the largest quantity would be preferred. : . 'Nothing will give us greater pleasure than giving you all the encouragement in our power; and we repeat what we verbally stated, that as soon as you have organized your production, and are ready to commence exporting either cocoons or silk, we will cheerfully open credit for partial advances against invoices and bills of lading of aDy parcels coining to our care. Such financial arrangements we will mature through our bankers in London and the Oriental Bank ing Corporation, who have branches at Sydney, Melbourne, and Victoria. ' We are, Madam, yours truly, Mr. E. C. PaTTEBSON.— We regret to learn that 'Mr. Patterson's stay in Victoria has been of necessity prolonged by savere illness. He was out of health when he obtained his leave of absence, and since then he has suffered severely from attacks of fever and ague, the result; of the necessary exposure he underwent in the Northern Territory. His health is still far frora restored ; but he is expected to return to Adelaide by the end of the present month. Friendly Societies and thb Government.* — During the proceedings at a complimentary dinner to Dr. Brack in Kapunda on Friday even ing, elsewhere reported, Mr. J. Pearce, M.P., while speaking of benefit Societies remarked, that seeing of how large a burden they relieved the State, it was only reasonable *;f ^bm ^ expect assistance fro^ jDQ Government. He suggested that some action might be taken to bring the matter before the Legislature. Upon the speaker being tbr,n asked by Mr. J. Scandrett whether he *i'M& pledge himself to bring the matter forward in the Assembly, asking the Government to subsidize the funds raised for the erection of a Friendly Societies Hall, Mr. Pearce said he would give no pledges, but he threw out the hint for others to act upon, and would not be found wanting in assistance. He thought the Friendly Societies had quite as much claim on the Executive as the Institutes which were now subsidized. He would, he added, gladly help any one who brought the subject before the Legislature, and if no other person intro duced it he might do it himself. The Semaphore Omnibuses.— The increase in the traffic to and from the Semaphore has resulted in a corresponding increase in the means of locomotion; but although the proprietor of the direct line of coaches has made a large pro vision there are occasions when the vehicles are not sufficient for the requirements. Upon Saturday, on account of the addition to the usual number of visitors, omnibuses were crowded, and then unable to take all the pas sengers that offered. The line recently esta blished by the railway authorities was in a similar fix, and more accommodation must be found if the traffic is likely to progress as it has done. St. Patrick's School.— An entertainment, consisting of a lecture on astronomy by the Rev. W. Kelly, and a series of musical performances, is advertised for this evening in St. Xavier's Hall. The proceeds are to be devoted to the liquidation of the debt on St. Patrick's School room. CoMPiiMEKTARY BEKXFTr.— Mr. C. E. llp*son being about to join hu sisters in America an entertainment wilt be given for his benefit at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening; as' 'ad- vertised. The Howaon family were first known here about six years ago in connection with the dramatic company of which Lady Don was the 'bright particular star.' Since then Mr. Howson has been a resident musician, and he is generally respected by the profession. The programme will consist of musical and dramatic performances, and it is hoped that there will be a full attendance. Adelaide Chess Club.— As announced else where a meeting will be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel to-night to distribute the prizes that were gained at the late tournament. Towh Hall, Port.— We potice an advertise ment announcing an entertainment to be given in the Port Adelaide Town Hall this evening by the Blondin Troupe. It will probably attract a large audience. Northern Territory Settlement. — The Argus writes: — 'At length the. South Aus. tertian Government has issued regulations under the Northern Territory Act of last session, setting forth the terms on which land may be acquired in the new (settlement. We are told by our correspondent that 'these regulations art for the most part mere transcripts of clauses from the Act, the Legislature of South Australia being in do way addicted to the practice of leaving it to the Go vernment to define the modes and assign the machinery for carrying out ks measures. We wonder whether the Victorian Parliament will ever exhibit similar watchfulness aud care iu protecting the interests of its constituents, in stead of handing them over to the tender mercies of the Ministry for the time beiner. With all our ' bounce. ' it appears that the neighbouring colony can teach us lessons not only in enterprise but also in legislation. The extremely liberal term* offered cannut fail to attract planters, who will be on the look out for cheap labonr. It would not do to have a repetition of the scandals which attached to the early labour traffic in Queens land, so it would be as well if Sir Henry Ayers would take time by the forelock and pass a measure regulating the importation of coolies without waiting for abuses to develop them selves.. This is a matter of importance to the whole of the Australian Colonies, as we all suffer in the estimation of people at home whenever any improper conduct cau be charged against any member of the group. Northern Australia, like Queensland, cannot be properly developed without foreign labour of some sort, and no Government would be justified in standing in the way of its introduction, even if it could succeed in a policy of exclusion, which w» doubt.' ? Harvest Thanksgiving Services.— In ac cordance with the recommendation of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide the Church of England has commenced to hold thanksgiving services. On Thursday, 23rd January, the first of the series took place at St. Mary's, South-road, and tha second was at Christchurch, North Adelaide, and other places. Next Sunday there will be a special service at St. Paul's, Adelaide, for which the building will be decorated. The collect and prayer appointed by the Bishop are as follows :— ' O Almighty God, who in past years didst cause the pastures of the wilderness to be dried up, the harvest of the field to perish, and the husbandmen to be ashamed ; and now iu mercy has given us the former and the latter rain moderately, and restored to us the fruits of the earth in their season, give us grace also to use the same U Thy glory, and the relief of those that need, as well as our own oomfort Teach us also to remember that 'Man doth not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of G«d.' Thou has sent Thine own beloved Son to be the bread of life to our souls. Grant us so to feed on that bread that we may live by Him for ever, who now liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost one God, world without end. Amen.' ' 0 Lord God of Eosts, who dwellest in the high and holy place, and yet hasfc respect unto the lowly; who makest Thy sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendest rain on the just and on the unjust; who by Thy mighty power dost order all things in heaven and earth; we yield Thee hearty thanks that Thou hast safely brought us to the season of harvest, visiting the earth and blessing it, and crowning the year with Thy goodness ; we praise Thee for the fruits of the ground which Thou hast be stowed upon us, filling our hearts with food and gladness. For these and all Thy mercies we laud and magnify Thy glorious name, beseeching Thee to give unto us the increase of all spiritual gifts, the bright light ef the Sun of Kirhteous ness, and the dew of Thy heavenly blessing ; and so plant us here in the house of the Lord that we may flourish everlastingly in the courts of the house of our God ; through Je3us Christ our Lord, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost be all houour and glory, now and for evermore. Amen.' Coroner's Inquest.— The Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. J. Formby) held, an inquest at the Local Court-House on Saturday morning, on the body of James Sanders, the lad who was killed the previous afternoon through being crushed between the buffers of some goods trucks at the Port Terminus. It was shewn that the youth, who was 15 years old, and had been for a short time in the employ of Messrs. Letchford, Mills, & Co., was sent to ticket some trucks. As he stepped off the end of the platform the hat of a man engaged in a stationary truck was blown off; on its falling near the laid he picked it up, and threw it towards the loser, but it fell on the rails between two trucks a yard or two apart. Other trucks were on tbe line being weighed, and at the moment of the deceased slipping between the trucks, the shunter who was on the opposite side called out 'look out,' and moved the trucks onward. Samuel Bridgman, who was on the platform, seeing the dangerous position of the boy called to, him, and the man to whom the hat belonged told the youth not to go between the trucks, but almost before the cautions could be heard the bov^ was caught between the buffers. The trucks immediately rebounded, and thedeceased, who walked a few steps, was caught by Bridg man. H. McArthur, who had been weighing the trucks, came out of the weighhouse, and carried the lad to the back of the shed, whilst another man who ran for a surgeon returned in a few minutes with Dr. Gething. The youth was then laid down on some tarpaulins. The medical man at once saw that he was hopelessly hurt, as although conscious he was pulseless. Dr. Gething however remained for about an hour till thci boy died. The deceased was brotherin law to Nicholas Johns, one of the porters on the passenger platform, with whom be resided, and was a. stepson of Mr. S. Jeffrey, of Echunga. Tile Jury returned a verdict to the effect that the occurrence was purely accidental. Fuse - Making.— The local paper reports:— 1 ' We understand that it is probable the erection of a new fuse factory will be commenced at Wai laroo at an early date. This, as we have befor: intimated, was the intention if the experimen' was found to answer on the mines, which i assuredly has done. We are informed thai there will be an engine at the new factory of. six-horse power. So excellent has been the' fuse manufactured bjr Mr. Pnillips that thi miners would be dissatisfied if obliged to use an;, other, and it is in extensive demand in the neighbouring colonies, where specimens have been exhibited. Ths idea of having the facton at Wallaroo is of course because of the conve nience thereby afforded for receiving the rar-- materialand shipping the manufactured article.' Port Bboughton. — The Wallaroo lime understands that in addition to the large stor. erected for the storage of wheat at Por Broughton— about 400 feet long and 200 fee! wide— which is full of wheat, Mr. Dale is harin..' a jetty constructed. This will run from th store about 1,000 feet out, and the water at high tide near to it will be about five feet i; depth. There is a T head to the jetty by whic a barge can come alongside and load; and n schooner lying a few yards away in the channel, in 30 feet of water, is loaded very quickly— in about four trips of lie barge. Mr. Dale intend s to run bis jetty out another season to the channel so that the schooner may load from it. The average number of teams coming to tfco port per diem with wheat is about 40, so that the place is thriving and likely to be a very busy one. Messrs. Collins and Patterson also intend to build a large store for wheat at the Port. The jetty is being constructed by Messrs. Chirgwin and Sellars, of Port Wallaroo.' Fnus pr the Mount LofTTRfNOHj.— Qq- Friday p^ht, January 24, the'bushjBre^bJdh has been ragin* for two or three days past near Mount Lefty, appeared on the Adelaide side of the rapge,»nd during the next day swept down the hilt side, causing consternation amongst; the people occupying cottajjies in the guUie?. Application was made to Mr. A. J. Baker to ' aid in extinguishing the fire, which sent out before it innumerable pioneers in the shape of charred straws and leaves, many of them being carried into and even beyond the village of Beaumont. Mr. Baker rode out' to the scene of the conflagration and rendered what service was in his power, chiefly in the way of directing the labours of the 30 or 40 willing men assembled on the ground. So far as we hava heard no damage to house property has been caused by the fire. On Saturday evening the whole summit and a large area on the slope^ of the ranges were brightly illuminated, the blazing ii.es and stumps looking like the lights of a great city. The heavy showers of rain which fell on Sunday afternoon if they did not absolutely put out the fire greatly checked its progress and diminished the risk connected with it. ' ' Sanitary.— For the next meeting of the Adelaide Corporation Councillor Stacy has given the subjoined notice of motion :— 'That this Council instruct the Town Clerk to make a return showing the cost of scavenging the streets under the present system, with a view to consider and adopt a more efficient system of cleansing not only the streets but the yards attached to premises in the city.' At the same sitting of the Council Mr. Stacy will propose — 'That the Town Clerk bo in structed to invite offers for the manure at the fiifcv Slautrhterhonsa ' . ' ? The British-Australian Telegraph Com pany, Limited.— The number of telegrams transmitted through this Company's cable fro n Port Darwin for the week ending Saturday, January 25:— Sent front th© Sent to the colonies. colonies. South Australia ? 10, 8 Victoria : ? 42 67 New South Wales ? 29 27 Queensland ? 2 2 Tasmania ... ? ... ?? ... - 2' — New Zealand ? ? 6' ? ' ?? « Western Australia - ...? — . .' 2 Totals ... ... »1 112 Grand total, 203. White's Room.— Professor Haselmayer on Saturday night introduced fresh novelties in his sleight-of-hand tricks, and evoked unusual de monstrations of applause. He apparently burnt borrowed notes for £5 and £1, but eventually restored them; read sentences blindfold pro fessedly by the touch, and recovered a lost bank- note belonging to a spectator, taking it from the centre of one of the candles on the platform. His hat trick was a marvellous per formance. The Professor drew out shavings sufficient to fill a couple of large clotheabaskets, a great number of neatly-prepared buttonhole bouquets, many articles of clothing, and ten Chinese lanterns all alight, each one bearing a letter of his own name, as well as a variety of other things. The trick of -.the three charmed bullets was clever, and the naive manner in which, after one of the audience had charged a pistol with a full supply, of gunpowder- and three leaden balls, the Professor invited any gentleman to ' let the shoot go at' him provoked loud laughter. As n© one responded to the invitation a looker-on was requested to fire at the Professor himself, ; who received ^the charge and showed the' pellets in his hand. Mr. Haselmayer performs his feats with ; astonishing dexterity, and his entertainment is entirely fiee from the slightest tinge of vulgarity; so that any person with a taste for this decription of amusement may.. go to see it without hesitation. He is musical ; too, as the'brilliant manner in which he p&ved; ' a waltz and a galop on the awk ward-looking * 'stylocarfe' fully proves. It was annbuaiwH ob Saturday that there would be further changes of programme this week. j '??. * UEMONBTRATION AT rOHT nRIB.— A pnqUC dinner took place at Port Pine on Wednesday^' January 22, to celebrate the Fairy Queen's having loaded the first oversea cargo of wheat from the Port. About 30 persons were present, and Mr. J. B. Jones was Chairman, Mr. 0. Homer occupying the vice-chair. In pro posing 'The Parliament' the Chairman remarked that the members did not travel about the country, as they ought to see the requirements of different places. Not much was needed to make Port Pine a first-class port; still the attention of the Legislature re quired to be drawn to it, and he had no doubt the matter would receive attention. The har bour had been in tha dark for years, but at . some not very distant date it would become a place of some note. The Chairman said he was sorry that the master of the Fairv Queen was not present, but he attributed his absence to the rough weather. He then proposed 'The Health of Capt. Thom son,' which was drunk with musical honours, Mr. Galloway in a neat speech gave 'The Ladies,' and Mr. F. Grey responded so as to provoke roars of laughter. Mr. T. P. Jones, in proposing 'The Agricultural, Mining, and Pastoral Interest,' said he thought the first named was never in a more flourishing state than at present, and the Northern Areas espe cially had been blessed with a bountiful harvest They had to consider the best manner of getting away from their farms their produce, and Port Pirie, was, be believed, the natural outlet. If one-hundredth part of the amount spent at Port Adelaide were expended on Port Pirie it would, he believed, be a far superior harbour. Those interested in pastoral affairs he congratulated upon their prosperous state, and the mineral interest was also flourishing. Mr. Gowling, in replying, urged that the whole colony would be benefited by;the good fortune of the farmers. The sheepfarmers had opened the country and improved It by stocking, likewise making various other improvements. He was satisfied that South Australia was as rich as any land in minerals, and he had no doubt that more valuables would yet be discovered. Mr.'.H. M. Smith, J.P., gave ' The Town and Trade of Port Pirie.' He held that had Capt. Thomson been present his health would have been the toast of the evening, but in that gentleman's absence this was the most important, for without doubt Port Pirie would be able to compare favourably with Port Adelaide in the quantity of wheat exported. The best agricultural country in the colony was that north of Clare. He had it on the best authority that before many days passed a steamer would be ploughing the waters of the Gulf, and with that and othei conveniences which would be supplied by people connected with the place, vessels as large aa those visiting Port Adelaide would be loaded. If such was the case m its infancy, what might they pro phesy of the locality in 20 years. He coupled with the toast the health of the ' Pioneers,' Messrs. Horner and Galloway. Mr. Footner, in acknowledgment said that from its proximity to thousands of acres of prime agricultural land the trade of the Port would doubtless be very large. Several matters required attention, however. The Government, he contended, should be petitioned to arrange for the supply of fresh water, and the postal communication needed attention, while a Telegraph Station was wanted, for where a large business in shipping was conducted such a station was indispensable. Messrs. Galloway and Horner thanked the com pany, and the former having proposed 'The Visitors,' Mr. Hendry, of Georgetown, responded. Several songs enlivened the pro ceedings. GRASSHOPPERS.— Mr. W. Valpied informs the Standard, of M»unt Gambier, that on his place, near the Six-Mile Inn, the grasshoppers are swarming in myriads. They have stripped the garden of vegetables, eating cabbages, onioas, potatoes, and turnips to the ground. He also brought the paper named some peach stones from which the fruit had been eaten by the grasshoppers, leaving the stones clean and bare. Nothing in the garden had escaped their ravages except damsoas, which did not appear to suit the palate of these otherwise omnivorous pests. Mr. Atkin, of Torrensdale, also reports that in his neighbourhood, and especially in the gardens, ' every green thing' is being devoured by armies of the intruders. r . Telegraphic— A notice posted outside tbe Telegraph Office on Saturday morning, January 25, states that the office at the Meredith Rail ! way Station (Victoria), will be closed for telo [ graphic business on and after January 31. 