TEE SPIRITS AGAIN. TifE relations between servants and their employers have of late undergone a con- siderable amount of discussion, and the former class have "ventilated" their grievances with a good deal of activity. Probably the masters and mistresses might have said much on their side of tho question had they deemed it requi- site to publish their complaints ; but as a general rule they seem to have pre- ferred to let the Agitation take its course, trusting to things finding their own level-good masters obtaining good servants, and vice versa. But as in many instances servants put rather a wide con- struction upon theterm service-seeming in fact to consider thatthey are only bound to do exactly as the please in all circum- stances, and in no wiso to obey when the doing so may prove distasteful-so on the other hand the requirements of mis- tresses may possibly be increasing, should there chance to be many ladies in the unfortunate predicament of one who a short time since made known her sorry plight to the Medium. We quote verbatim : A Lsd; Correspondent, whoso house is afflicted with ghosts, cannot get a serrant lo remain with her, at tí)e «pirita even taite hold of their hands, and otherwise molest them. The last one who tried the situation was completely lilied out of bed and laid on the floor, and immediately lett. A domestic is wanted who is ghost-proof! This is certainly a novel idea ; henceforth we presumo a young womau desirous of being hired will conclude the catalogue of her qualifications with "And I ain't afeard of spirits, mum, noways- I know'd bow to manage 'em in my last place." For, it appears that, although a corlaiu class of spirits do make themselves ex- ceedingly disagreeable, there is a way of dealing with them which effectually pre I vents them from playing ill-natured ' pranks. You hare only to be kind to them and show a desire to help them, and you may easily gain their gqodwi»¿¿ and the goodwill of even a " dark spirit/ may be possibly worth having, though we have not hitherto been accustomed to view the matter in that light. Mr. Gerald Massey, whose experience of "dark spirits" seems to bo more con- siderable than pleasant, tells a thrilling tale, which wo hero extract from tho Medium, in order to show that a fair bargain may bo mado with the unhappy denizens of the lower regions, and that it will be honourably kept: - Sc liBd removed into a houso which hod been presented to him to live in rent free j but the noises in it wore so fearful that .their servant, a Scotchwoman, said she could not sleep in (he night. The noises seemed as if made by tho ring of thc kitchen rango being continually thrown donn. She knew of the power he possessed through his wife, end asked bim to use it to fathom this mystery. He rather fought against it, as he did not want to be turned qut of his house by evil spirits. Inti- mately he bad tho doors left open, and he was awakened by a sound like the falling of a key. At length be questioned the spirits, end learned that there was an. unhappy spirit connected with the place. There had been a child murdered Ibero, and it seems that thc murderer in going to bury tho remains of tho little innocent one had dropped his key in tho dink, and night after night, in rehearsing tho fearful dram* «s u pouauov1, he had to go through the Performance of losing end eenrcliiug for his k>iy, which accounted for thc ÎH>Ï*PS hear i. Mr. Maesiu had subsequently found slicking out of n crack in tho earth a couple nf bones, which to Iiiin appnarcd to bear a strong rcsoinblanco to I ho bones of a child. He «nid nothing ntrout tliis circuinstauco to his wife, but hid them away in thc daft af a tree. Until (his (imo he had known nothing of tho spirit time iivniifostiug. Kow, IIOKCV.T, tho spirit of the supposed murderer frequent ly came and communicated, often swearing in a most , blasphemous niunucr. . . With this terrible ! crpititor of his crimes dono in tho flesh Mr. j Massey mudo n compact, agreeing to pray for him it he would proniiso not to frighten his : children, which promise was given and faithfully J kept. " J Of course (hore is uotkiug new in murderers and suicides "walking" i during tho witching hours, and haunted houses may bo counted hy tho score but tho ghoBt-proof domestic must put up wgith much moro activo antagonism ; J Mcdm'.n, tho writer of which begs to know if there are any means of keeping the spirits within bounds : Last night the spirits went BO far that when wo bad decidod to close tho meeting, and had re-lightcd such fragments of the candles ne wc could collect, the spirits suddenly blew thom out, at tho carno time hiding our match-box, mid then they made more disturbance than ever. Among scores of other things, they threw across the room with great violence a new three-pound box of stéarine candles (fourteen of which were broken),» heavy writing-desk, a tea caddy, and an inkstsnd (spilling (ho ink in various parts of tho room). following complaint to tho Wo might remark that it would bo just possible without the agency of spirits, whether '* dark " or " bright, to extinguish lights, and toss about stéarine candles, writing-desks, and ink-bottles. And it is conceivable that, if properly managed, the profits of such a perform- ance might be such as to overbalance the expense of damaged furniture and ruined carpetB. Eor aught we know, visitors may flock to view tho spiritual ink-stains at a shilling per head, just as at Holyrood people stare, or used to stare, at the supposed, traces of Bizzio's blood, as nothing is too foolish to bo accepted if the love for the marvellous be but pandered to. And as long as people can be found who will believe wild and ridiculous stories, others will not be wanting to provide them with , plenty of excitement. Whatever briugs in tnonoy is sure to be a favourite calling ; and if people will pay for tho pleasure af conversing with their defunct grand- mothers, with Chinese spirits, Indian spiritB, strolling-players, highwaymen, and the like, there will be no lack of appearances. An excellent speculation is the revival of an old humbug-the invocation of spiritB for tbe cures of disease. It is much moro interesting to be under the caro of a " spirit friend " thara to go to a clever physician who will probe our tittle weaknesses, tell us unwelcome truths, and prescribe a dis- tasteful regimen. Spirit M.D.'s are not so . wanting in politeness as to _ interfere with our small pecca- dilloes, and would on no account tell a lady that her complaint was pro- duced by fashionable idleness or the imbibing of champagne. " Heaven's appointed healers" have a much more agreeable way of doing their work, and accordingly their practice seems to be extensive. Tho spiritual "faculty" do Hop seem to be more agreed as to their modes of treatment than are the spiri- tual religionists os to their forms of worship. All creeds and all systems of medicines alike find acceptance; de- ceased physicians or surgeons of the old old school are called in; Hahnemann " controls" his disciplos ; and advocates of the water-cure can bo provided with spiritual douches. It is consoling to know too that Hahnemann manages to cure bis patients much moro rapidly than he did on tho "earth sphere, where be used to exhibit infinitesimal doBes of globules or tinctures. Spirit surgeons appear to employ energetic, if peculiar, treatment. They take the patients from their beds and rouse them by twirling them in the air, lifting them over the footboards, and leaving them standing in the centre of the room. They also use shower and steam baths, but choose the middle of the night for these performances, which are merely mentioned to the attendants next morn- ing as having taken place while they slept. A peculiarity of this spirit treat- ment ig tts extreme cheerfulness, being carried on to the sound of angelic music, and accompanied by an exhibition of polpured lightB and other amusements which must naturally be a considerable solace to the sufferer. We cannot, however, help remarking that spirits, as a rule, appear to be ex- ceedingly blundering and inefficient, very easily hindered from doing what they wish to do, and often taking very round- about roads towards tho ends in view. For instance, the spirit of Briggs is said j to have coûte back the night before I Muller's execution, and to have declared j that tho unfortunate man was guilty of robbery only, and not of murder. No doubt the spirit of Briggs showed a proper sense of justice in doing this ; Kit then the spirit procrastinated fear- ful'y_ in waiting till the very last night before the execution lo put in an appear- ance ; and instead of going at once lo the Home Secretary, be only appears to some uninfluenlial clergyman. Müller afterwords went and thauked Mr. Massey " for trying lo eave his poor neck.1' This, no doubt, was grateful, and Mr. Massey sectus to have appreciated it ; bul for ourselves wo confess that wc could ex- cuse euch a piece of spiritual politeness. It seems that Mr. Massey had, " in tho best piece of logicnl writing ho over per- formed," endeavoured to convince the public that Muller was falsely accused ; yet, strange to say, the logic was not spell an lo make an impression. Some little limo back wc took oeca siop to remark, in speaking of certain spiritualist performances at Aylesbury, upon thc exceeding impudence with which the names pf distinguished men who have but lately left us have been made uso ol' in thc prints which repre- sent themselves as spiritual organs, and we protested against such ridicule being thrown upon justly honoured uamos. The climax has now been reached in tho alleged appearance of no loss amati than Faraday, whoso " spirit " is represented as contradicting all his wcll-considorcd utterances upon this subject ; utterances ßivcn only after cn rofl) 1 investigation. Naturally' no opinion upon tho matter oottlil parry moro weight than that of Faraday, aud the Spiritualists have con- ceived tho happy idea of making him cunio back and unsay his own teachings. In a lalo number of the Medium wo find I tho fjuoslion addresse.d to him, " Can you give any reason for your now spiritual standpoint, for your rejection of modern Spiritualism while you wore on earth ?" ausvvod thus : Tho sciences with winch caarthly scientists nrc ut prosont acquainted hare not jot extended into tho realm of spirit. They deal only with matter ; therefore, tho earthly scientist, unless he steps aside from his legitímalo position, I remains rm unbclicrcr in modern Spiritualism. But, (liants to (ho powers that are working in the midst of tho people, earthly science is about to step over tho threshold of materialism, aud enter upon the spiritual aram. I And then ho gocB on to say that spec I trutn analysis is destined to reveal I wonders to the earthly scientist, and to be " tho golden key that shall uulock the door loading to tito arcana of spiritual truth," and consolos spiritualists by saying that, tbongh at present they stand " moro upon a founda- tion of faith than anything else," and when asked to give a reason for it, " that reason to the scientific man is so weak, so unsubstantial, as to amount to nothing," yet that hereafter " it will stand forth in grandeur and dignity, a very God," The ghost does not manage hie argutrtat bad'y On earth Faraday was but "an earthly scientist," and could not be expected to lay stress on reasons " so weak, so unsubstantial, as to amount to nothing." This leaves an excellent loophole. Does a man of science, or rather do all mon of science, ; refuse to bo converted to tho " glorious j philosophy "? it is because tho are blind to the invisible, while tho upholders of tho creed have faith eo strong that no roasoning can bo weak and unsubstantial for them. Tho British Journal of Photograph) may oxpose the "sham ghost business," showing that it is per- fectly possible for a person to carry his own plate, collodionizo, immerse it and transfer it to tho slide itself, expose it on a sittor whom ho shall have brought with Itioi, remove it from the camera, take it into the dark room, and dcvolopo it himself, and yctjînà a spirit-form there in addition to tho one who sat. All this may be done by photographers distinctly denying the existence of spiritual agency, and people will still bo found to believe that their departed relatives como and sit for their portraits. If the Aylesbury medium produces a decidedly unfinished picture purporting to be the work of Hogarth, the ghost of tho painter immediately explains why tho handling is so crude; and as tho spirit theory rests exclusively upon faith, what further proof is needed? This sort of faith will probably not remove mountains, but it will effect a good deal in a certain way, and we assuredly shall not be surprised ta hear of an active demand, followed by a proportionate rise of wages, for ghoBt-proof domestics. -Saturday Review. 