CAPTAIN MARRYAT. FREDERICK MARRYAT, says the A thenaum, was born in Westminster, in 1792. He was of the really illustrious race of; vulgarly so-called, Cockneys, for not only,men born.within the sound of , Bow Bells, but those 'born within the limits that sound cSiiid reach, if universal silence reigned as the bells rang out, are -Cockneys. That, at least, is the old tradition. The outline of his life is soon drawn. He went to sea when a mere.boy; he left it when a man "in his prime; but he had been in above a hundred engagements ori land and sea. He earned tank "arid honour by the zealous -part he took in the destruction of men, and much praise for having rescued. from watery" graves almost as inany as lie killed. Thus the account was balanced. His npvels began with the Naval Officer, which was partly written before he withdrew from active service,: and they: closed, with those, juvenile :stories, out; of which alone he made a handsome income. -Bopks of travel and a professional work OT two may^ie included among his literary efforts. Magazine writing he' commenced iii the first -number of the Metropolitan-, edited by Campbell^ and ;rendered ponderous by the inser tion of a lecture on Ancient Geography which Campbell. had previously read at the London Institution. M'arryat's contribution was the first part Of the Paeha of Many Tales. The novelist affected the utmost disregard for publishers, ,and the most .unreserved contempt for criticsj whereby" we inay see that the -gallant,- captain :Was no fool at driving a bargain, arid very.sensitive as to public judgment on ^his^ books., .Without. ever completely cutting himself adrift from literature, he, in his laterjyears, took to farming, on his little estate at Larighairi',' Norfolk.' 'He tried'liard riot to be a : gentlemari farmer, but a real farmer; arid-le dressed -accordingly,' and .looked veiy- like jwhat he wanted to. be,... The result,; however, was i§ie usual crQP.whicii gen.tlemen farmers reap;. and, aipid- diiap'poiritttent",andvsevbre affliction, cdme 'Hij-heal&,> r successivie ruptures-of'Sfiiall bloodvessels,-decay,? deliriuin^ and death 1848. The sailor author-. was -.one, pf-.-fifteen sons ; and 'dau^ters/some of whom besides^himself cpntributed;t6 -literature. He, for:Ms part,'was an idle, troublesome" 'boy, -who loved playj ; ' could •leani esisilyj iand.'was fogged, continuously, ©ne of his masters once, found him standing: on his ^ehqi^ppmil,•.;" He di'd sp;" he;said,' "because 1 finding it' impossible to' mastei Sis task on*-his feet, ^e-tried-t'other tack !" He rwas for ever r-unning away from school,-and : rwasral-ways foimd ^t-or nearthe sea. ,He.was allowed to. have his-,qwn ..way, and in '180)5 he was afloat in the lmp'eneuie. In that fighting"ship albrie, the b6y was in - fifty -engagements.'. 'After, one bloody affair he was laid out for -dead ;by. the side bf .others beisveeri thie !guns, the. &esh; ;s.ea air^blo^ing over them all. An officer wlio had not been -in the-boarding affair, which had cost so'many victims, arid who was an enemy of - -the lad, looked down pn him and said, '^Here's.^a.young cock who has ^Qrie .crowing. ?WeH, for a wonder, this chap has 'ch'eated t;he galloWsl" . :The -fresh air had brought tbe "chap/'' however,- to his senses, and Marryat faintly exclaimedv " You-Te a liar !" Whatever wotk the Impei'ieus.eik&fcio; do, all went. ..well with herif. ;.the day was Stind'ay.' , jDodfraiie' terrible darigefsi Dea'th arid ^de^ri^ction. stared the crew in the face, but they sniile'd arid went on cheerily- if; they; were ..asked :Ito do impossibilities on a Sunday. No matter what the. wprk, it was done then, .and done', ribi)ly;, .. In saving m'eri from drowning; Marryat more than once .n'early lost. -his: life. : M ^escribing-- £is own .experiences of drowning in/a rough ]sea; he said he felt as if he were enclosed in waving green fields, which approached nearer /arid, -grew gi'eerier as- his senses ' gradually forsook * him. It was like sinking-' dowii overpowered^by sleep in the Ipng^soft ;gra T ss of ,a cob.l meadow. On one occasion Mairyat's gig upset.; in whteh were himself, a middy," and an old bum-boatJwpinan who could swim like a iish, liu't the boy could not. The old woman stiuck• out.;'-and' held upthe ;captain, who in Vain called 'Oil her- to leave him and save the boy. "What," cried the old lady,' " hold up a. midshipman when I. can save the life of a captain ! Not I, indeed !" There is a good • ghost -story; • in the book; of Mairyat's brother. Sam appearing to the; captain at night, when he had turned in,;just tp";say, " Fred, : Tiam dead," an anfiouri :c.ement which; in course .of time, proved to be true. We prefer a livelier story of court life at Brighton, when Marryat and his wife were sojourning-there, and were among those who were invited to court:--" It was the custom at.the Pavilion balls;for their Majesties to receive their guests in an antechamber, where the ladies, having kissed the Queen's hand, and "been saluted in their turn upon the cheek by the King, were generally engaged in a few gracious words of conversation before they passed through to the ball :room. These entertainments were usually graced by the presence of some of the F—; arid W F 's favourite and elegant expression, when waiting to escort the ladies of his acquaintance to the ball- room, of ' Has" dad bussed you yet 1' was as good an evidence of his royal paternity as he could wish to carry -about the world with him." Marryat was no favourite with the " sailor-king." The Captain had written against the impressment of seamen, and, in those days, such an act was next to high tr.eason—at least, when a naval captain wrote, aiid a sailor king reigned. As a candidate for Parliament, Marryat was unsuccessful. He would not declare himself unreservedly hostile to flogging. An elector of the Tower Hamlets put the question to him : and Marryat replied that if the elector or his sons, to whom he had alluded as of an age for the sea, should ever come under his (Marryat's) command, and. deserve a flogging, he would order it without hesitation ! No wonder the Tower Hamlets declined to be represented by him ! The foot and mouth disease has appeared at St. Hilary, near Penzance, having been introduced, it is stated, by Irish cattle, bought at Bristol. 