AHST GAM A 1,1 KL A r a t; i: n a h IIA i ivi; Candidly, i/aiiiiiiuy, I <l<> do nm not IICIIOVC believe 111 gliosis. Nevertheless, i had a strange «xpericncc connected witlrmy father's dealji and my «tant> which iriigh't too stifticwnt cKcusefor meiri did.- ''But I do not'likc unhesitatingly to attribute to' life supernatural that which is simply l>cypnd my comprelieiision <>f the workings of nature. Wc know ho very little o! the ways of nature at most, and as the world grows wiser *vc fmfl SO wAiyappearances, long held to i)eyuperti;itural, cxj>1lining themselves bySnturul laus/that it seems like presumptive elitism t<> say, this or that i.s past nature's explaining, wji.eii it is, only .past mine. I have an idea that 'all'miihcntie 8hosl-storins ; cmi.sisljof incidents not in themselves Ijnnaifi'rjil in the proportion viT one pWjS&ofdbilucfions; wrongly made froni^jicsc incidents uuder tlie misttiktlii idea ; o| their being sdpgrnatural, in the proportion of two parts. Fur this rcustinil prefcr/'r&l; tiling tlie 'exact incidents of niy' experience without ny ghostly deductions. therefrom, /'hey pre, very simple, .almost : trivial, 'etlcantiot oxplainitiiem. When I was a -girl of eighteen,'/! m e n f y p i S b g m y |hod lookS^'I ^vent to London to pay 5 visit, >o ,jny,,aiint, Mis Gamaliel ISlio was a cross old thing. jny .aunt, Bindahvays x?orc a tnorpsc-lppkiiig KitulT dross of' dark brown, which Bnatohcdif^ler humour. Her heavy n(luetifce'®biiiedto lirood over niCj »s;lf'f%,werc mcutuliy billing on tne 'unij. sj(c was a iieavy woman, uicuallyiitiid bodily too ) She kept my ipirits . -down. She ponderously ippresscd niy niliid. She looked upon iic!,asa " giigT' ofa stiri; because I vus lively and cheerful, and sllways ipbraided me with tieingllippmit. If I am flijjpant still, it is a good deal iwing to the rigidness with which ny aunt endeavoured to weed )ut from it]iv mind every dispo^iiion iofiii atcordanci^.^vi 1 b l 1 cr oivn. J iultivated this weed iii niy mind to inuoy .her when,she would fain have ootiid up weedsvSand -flowers iiidis- ; ;iiniinately. • * jcil my fatlier ai',4ioiiie.'flt jliilmipstpr ip x<KMi health—that it> say, foivhim, as for years lie had >cai> oliliged to keep Very quiet on jeeourit <if an affectjon of the heart phicli.'the'doctorB 'said, liiighj, at'iiijy |me suddenly prove fatal,might |ot inteHcro tt!ilhl%ls :0 atlahiiii« the prescribed years (jf threescore and There was nothing in his slate I'^ttvur to alarm, me when I Jefi, 1^'fHlie.rfccoqnts : J received of his |cauh> since jpystay in London liarf Icon continually favourable. L l l : W ' . • «W«r- t\V4> .«IMMll)l8 K London; ,my; visit was=drawing (o Lrio^ '' ""j r y ' T ' wwuiamup w icioao. and^J was 'lopklng forward'.T toirnuig botao'a^^fe^u^fcil^i b fir t n T • - " 011 ! t, Tuos- Jy iv night, nieiit. without witil/mi tlie least 1—, disposifen j: broutri; m„ a '? ,, " do .°»»S««l PMsed ? " at ippst iCcause a very, nice youna fellow ,1' 0 "'"ed wuh at the last hall I Itended had not, as they say, a penny » bless hiinselt with. Not that H»s Jlected me much, tor I laughed to lysell the nest minute, and thought pw he ought, to bless me for sn.ub- |Dg him as I did-for if I was a »a<ty, thoughtless girl then, neither »cd nor desirous to settle down into ober matrimony, I believe I had Umcient sense to know it. I mentipn ow trivial were my thoughts, to now that 1 was not, that«ight,either ull or desponding in mind, or pre- disqused to nervous fiiiii-irs I wen' U) sleep happily enough. I woke in the night—not in thai dreamy way in whirl) one often unices, and becomes half conscious, to tin 1 > round •again and close onc\s eyes 011 the vision, part of this ivorld, p-irl <il dreamland — *-"•«••«•" that •»">• is before "Ciinr I thein, but suddenly broad awake. Iconld n o t t c " w ' m t 't was that woke me. k'slcning, - 6, .1 . heardno sou (id. *..««•«•# J.'fhcn became ' aware .ofa «•••..• lightin: iny. room; flowing at the foftt of niy bed'. It! had iicen there when I awoke, l)ut l| had taken no notice oi;.it,, thiukliig it, caused by the lamplight^ Ji-pm the street; but I remembered ; there was 11 rip n "lamp "In'nin near ndnp' 'us its "to-cause such unoL a n reflection. ' J'ior was ijfjsuch a light as could be cast l»y' a laujp,., Brightest in thccciitre though even tii re faint and dispersed,.its edges s ailed into the darkness."rhc ; 0We pecUliai^-it v al»put,,it 'was its. appearing to lie suspended in .the airl I am by no means timid. Throwing u shawl round mc, I got out of bed, and raised'the blind. ;,lThqriiight was dark, and the distant iamps, burning bleared, and sickly on the palpable brown -air, 'could tiothcast such a li'glit intii 'thp roonV. 'J'nhliijg round, still between me and ^p,-fo!ii®lo>y,ing [ in 'niid-air) sclf-sustaincd;rairthu(igh it- originated in the robd!1Mt(^s j I approached, it moved. It floated towairdstbedoor, I followei).' . the... dopr. J pursued,it along;Vie..passage,;and up the stales, .and along jthe .'iandiiijc nbovc,fthe ligiit nicunwliilc decreasing in voluirie("toui'.'Iricrcasing 'lii bright ness..(t w^pi'Jiijfljerri, Iblliiwing^tiJI, VP, .Mlo.jatic,,staircase ^p,fanNcmpty neglected room at tlie top of the house, Where, glowing Smaller and brighter, as it worc to a single tnngue ol tlame at last, it flickered tupiviirds and died out in the Jjlack darkness. Groping my^vay ilown-stairs t<i my room, I found it dark a-ain I struck a luatcli, and lit my candlc. I Wyis not/riyhteiied'at^Wiat'fhiid sfceii, but in spite of myself the tears forinui! unbidden in inycyos, and rolled down heavy and hot bpon thy handjf as I strove lo kcopthemrback. I c.innol tell why, but I felt uiy-Jatlier was (lead. I wrote Uiat very^iight to my sister. " My darJing .sister." I sniil, ' Is it true-that my ;dear father died at three Velock tiiis inoining ?"This was the tinie-I Jiad^een.tlic livbl. ItHs'-difliculHo ckplrfin fo myself any suflicient reason ;lor associatiiii,n the appearance of this light, which went out in llie upper room," with my father's death. • • J can^only mention aa jJxoincidanc(Uiiat jveJiiws burn a 1 a111 p day.andiiight instlieichamboivof the tj/jfigfli. audi.that &&i;$efim llame of it symbolises the soul, the wick the body,-mid tbo oil theearUilv mutter whereby the body is sustaiuud. But I felt as certain of my father's death as of niy own existence. I dr&>sed myself and sat' in-niy room, or walked restlessly about i: till daybreaki-and tbon- yrcntout into the keen iriiWning air Midh)(Attcd'mv letter. ^ \- • ' 5 ' •* - ' ' . That7 same saute morning my brollier brother came up frdm^hiinunstarito fetchinv aunt and _ v. ,, . . ( ie to the funeral. My father US3 iled at mi; the uuui hour 1 f saw me tlie 1 li , =: llt - to0 suddenly to allotv thexus-j tomary prayer of " Vig'-doP to "be 1 said, which is with us usually.so offered that, as near as may - be, ' ivith • 1 its last expregsioja/',The liternal is ferib'' thai pf>rti5h i»f;His breath which he has'*1cift shaft : Tj6 : retnnied unlb His lissence On reaching borne, I found my deal father ..t.,.1.1 laid luiu out, Vkii) after UI.IU1 our uill llliinucr, manner, upon clean straw 011 the floor, with his feet toward the chamber-door. and the oil lamp burning beside him-' My aunt proposed that wc should relieve the two watchers whose business WHS lo remain with the. dead, I willingly «^reed, g!ad-at least to be nearhim whom our rites forbid 11s to kiss leel Ave bo polluted, or to weeji over lest one ti^rs disturb his rest. I ivmcmber tliaL dreary chamber as tlie twilight came 011 and tlie l.jmp liiekered 111.certainly into the ffiiihei'- I11S shadow. My aunt, tired'with lier journey, and plethoric of habit, had duKcd ..IT into a kind of wakeful slumber, whilst I, tearfully wakeful, could not take my eyes from the dead form of niy father lying there, sharply delined beneoth the sheet that covcred all but-ltivfaco." As I watchcd him —my imagination, disordered l>v the events of the last tweuty-lbur hoursjl thought tho dead, us though jointed i« the centre, stiffly raised jtself into a sitting ciHinn posture and ...j' opened'its 1 eyes, the sole living thing about it, which Iixed upon mine aiidturned into my brain like coals ot lire, till 1 thought I saw auain in their glow the intu;| B sified light that bad disappeared iri the lonely top room oTuiv annl's bouse Though I knew "perfectlyjwell it was only the morbid working of my own fevered imagination, I was none the less terrified on that account. I was obliged to cry aloud to break the spell. I did so, waking niy, aunt, and tlie dreadful fancy dissolved, so that, looking again to reassure -myself, I saw only the quiet dead lying still' and still beneath the'sh'eet. I had to explain myself to my aunt, which I did partially ; when she insisted there must be 011 my part some grave oflenco against iny dear father, for which I must needs ask pardon of the dead, after tho common habit of our iace I knew there was: no wilful disubedieuce of mine to disturb his repose, yet at her bidding I stood at '(he feet of the dead, and taking hold of each loot said I W father, I do l>ray thy forgiveness if I have committed any oflbnee towards thee: pray forgive me." licros-tlie watchers relieved us, and we went down-stairs lo "sit Shiva," as i.s termed our jsiltiiii* for seven days 011 cushions 011 H'Moor durfugthe week of mourning, i The lunjtg-qlitfjook place next day ; i>ne of the eight fringes was duly iirokeu with his breast-cloth, and my dear father was buried with soil from the Land of Promise beneath his head imij a lockeil.pMjlocik UliltUiagfayi^ of Wliiclf •She key was itliVbivn away(t<f (prevent further mortality in the lamilyj and. " Caddish" being said, the mourners returned to us with then- .clothes rent; which wc call Krceah." Our funeral rites being little known, f must explain that whilst sitting Shiva, we liave nothing to-do' but listen fo the prayers which are &a;«Ljpigbt and-.morning, duriog^thc. i days, and rpccive the visits of JflpfeV: Every Jejv'Sb liliei botirhopd will call, acquaintance or not, and sit dowa, with us. Most, of ihein will bring .some kind of cookod food, as we are forbidden to attend to domestic duties at such times. It must not be thought that$>ur visitors come to inonrn and conapie with us ! in ticiitilc fashion. On.the contrary, considering it a breach of-decorum to make any reference either to the dead or to the nature of4heJjereavemeu t we, .have suffered, they try to divert our minds from the lossi hy'flisgoiiFfiling un on every loreign foreign topic weyMjuu l!iej"can think ot; sp that these funeral levees frequently" assume a checrful tone ithat .would surprise a Kcntile. { Among - - 1 0 our* visitors • • was a young gentlcmau,,. who ,all'ectcd pome jjai%> | tiality for line, aiwl ujbomH'-'liM well as T wislied ' to like anvoiie iil that gjddy aye it was not my fault if'lie would sit by tne and talk all manner muiiiiui of ui lively conversation after our fashion. Aly heart was heavy OHough, but sitting from morning till night in- eiiloiced -company of" the kind, . one cannot help falling in • with it in some sort, il'ouly mechaiiically. One cannot weep in a crowd. I answered his sallies, and . p rallied liini iu turn, possibly. I have p no.doubt I laughed—that I might nut cry. At all events, my ainit, witnessing what look plrtf.e, stigmatise'! iny proceedings rfs "scandalous., and saul it annoyed her vory w-." •sight to see sueli iliings. I retorted thoughtlessly, " that the ••sooner she lost such a sensitive si"ht, perhaps the better, for her oyvn pcacc and (hat of those cbout her." " Do you wish 1110 blind, Iheu V' isaid iny aunt sharply. I believe the fact of doing violence to one's own feelings by assuming an artificial cheerfulness when the heart is sau', is not calculated to nuke one tender to the feelings of other. Annoyed at my auut'.s strictures 011 my acting a part it cost me a good deal to play, and certain of giving way to tears before tlicm all if 1 spoke, I merely shrugged my shoulders and said nothing lo dissipate the exaggerated interpretation put upon my words. " I jo you hear your child cursing iny sight ?'" cried my aunt, iu a rage to my mother, with whom she had already quarrelled on 'another subject. ' The curse causeless shall not come.'' my mother replied quietly. " What do you mean V my aunt exclaimed, still more bitterly. " Do you want to imply that there is u cause, and to .support your flippant girl in her wickedness Aly mother, conscious of 110 such meaning, held hor pcacc. " 1 have vowed,'' continued the angry woman, " never again to set foot in your house after Shiva is over; but, if the curse does come, ypur daughter shall be the first to sec it." And my aunt looked at. me as uncannily as if she possessed the"Auyin bora ," or evil eye. To be concluded in our i i m I . 