THE STAGE. v "iiaeqo ax xactottjm: pexla citta." There has been a revival of the pretty and clever comedy, " Pygmalion and Galatea," at the Theatre Boyal during the present week, and the attendance, because of the large influx of oountrv visiters, has been much larger than usual. The same actors and actresses have taken part in the representation as on former occasions, and as the cast is a judicious one, and is capitally placed upon ; the stage, the comedy furnishes one of the most agreeable evening's entertainments that patrons of the Royal have had an opportunity of enjoying for some time past. Miss Carey has returned to the Btage again, refreshed by her rest and quite recovered from her silly season, let m hope. She has given her admirers a capital representa tion of the beautiful marble brought to life by the power of the Gods. She was more natural than usnal, so there is room to hope that she has de termined to profit by the good advice so often tendered to her. There is no saying more true than that the wounds of a friend are faithful. Mrs. Wooldridge, Mies Shepparae, Miss Docy a: o i Miss Maggie Stewart gave admirable renderings of their respective parts, and the Chrysos of Mr George Coppin is as inimitable as ever. There i no more passion in Mr. Appleton'B sculptor than formerly, but he acts with eare and with intel- iigoiioo bo iar as jhb ligoto poriucb uiui. ixLr Harwood is there, too, with bis rigid fawn and a soldierly bearing, and Mr. Stewart bows the knee as the sculptor's slave. Our country cousins must have been delighted with the comedy. The balancings, contortions, and athletic proceedings of the Siamese and the Carlos form part of the entertainments still. Governors Bowen and RobinsoD; with their families, are to patronise th Boyal to-night. The Italian artists came hack to us on Satur day last in a shipwrecked condition, for the steamer Alexandra grounded on the Swan Spit, near the Heads, at an early hour in the morning. The members of the company reached town about 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, but had to be rescued by the tugboats. Much of their para phernalia was left behind in the Alexandra's hold, and in consequence " Lucia" had to be given instead of "Un Ballo." Sir George and Lady Bowen and Lady Hercules Bobinson patronised the performance, which was as free from defects as could possibly be expected, considering that strange copies of the music, medley costumes, a defective orchestra, and sea-sick, shipwrecked vocalists were concerned in the production " Luerezia," " La Sonnambula," " Norma," and " H Trovatore" have been produced during tbe past week, and the Italians have been welcomi d back to Victoria with a cordiality that such skilful musicans deserve. Madame Lucy Chambers is singing with the company. Donizetti's " Blinto" is promised by the management early next week for tbe first time in Melbourne. The Smith Englisn aud Continental Troupe continue their performances at the Princess's Theatre, and are well patronised by visitors to the cheaper parte of the house. Mr. Smith, of course, made hie selections at home to attract such audiences, and therefore can hardly be disap pointed at the emptiness.of the dress circle. The balancing of Airec on the trapeze is remarkably elegant, and astonishes everybody. Val. Vose, the ventriloquist, is undoubtedly clever, and con tributes much to the success of the troupe. The Emerson Minstrels " are to give their valedictory performance onSaturday, and will proceed to Sydney next wee|l They have been very liberally patronised throughout the period of their stay. The Bickards Comiques, 'assisted by Mr. J. Hill, had a grand attendance in the Town-hall on Cap night, and pleased their audience im mensely. Encores were so Sequent as to become almost monotonous. Three farewell concerts will be given in the Town-hall during the Christmas holidays, and immediately 'afterwards Mr. and Miss Bickards will proceed to England. Mr. J. Summers gave his second organ concert in the Town hall of Saturday evening last, bat tbe attendance was very sparse. The organ selections were decidedly good, and it is a pity there were not more there to hear them. Miss Alice May sang some pleasant ballads during the evening, and took part in the oonoerted pieces. This lady is about to start on long tour .with an English opera company in Victoria, New South Wales, and Tasmania. Thei abstnoe will last for about a year. Miss Bassett, Mr.Xamble, and Mr. Simmonde were the other soloists ; and Mr. G. B. Allen played the pianeforty 'aeoompanimente. At tbe ooncert to-day the musical selections will have special reference hi the Prince whose birthday is the 9th Novemi|. ; Mrs. Slack, Mrs. Fulton, Miss St, Clair, MiesBassett, fitrl HaUam, and Mr. Juniper will give «|m, and there is to be a band of harps. Some goods orga seiections will also be played by Mr. Snmmlrs. The Fitzroy Philharmoniolpooifity vgftvev their first concert in the local eotfip house on Tuesday laet,and were well patoonisadjBtie members number % about sixty at the present time, which may be regarded as a very flair start. There is no orchestra belonging to the society just now, but immediate stepB are to be taken to form one. The new'towh- hall approaches completion, and will give the society a fine building wherein to hold their Con certs. The creditable manner in which the pro gramme of Tuesday last was gone through shows that the society has some good voices, and that their vocal powers have been well directed. Signor Giorza gave a very admirable concert on Wednesday evening last in the Town-hall, on which occasion Mercadante's "Last Words of Christ" was given for the first time in Melbourne. The English version of the words had been sup plied by Mr. Garnet Walsh. The Mel-' bourne Musical Union and the Metropolitan Liedertafel combined their forceB for the ren dering of this work, which has many beautifol movements in it. Mrs. Herz, Mrs. Cutter, Signor Cecchi, and Mr. Furlong were the soloists of .the evening, and succeeded in pleasing the audience. ' Signor Giorza and Mr. John Hill gave organ selec tions, and Mr. Julius Herz assisted as con ductor. The concert was a credit to the societies and the artists concerned in its rendering. The public will have an opportunity of testify ing their appreciation of Mr. John Hill's skill as a musican before he leaves for California, as a complimentary concert on a grand scale is to be given, the date of which is not jet fixed. A crowded house may be safely predicted. Mr. Fairclough, in conjunction with Mr. James Carden, commenced a Shakespearian season in Sydney on the 1st of the present month, by the performance of "Hamlet." Mr. Carden was the Ghost, and Miss Dollj Green Ophelia. There wss a gas exploe:on during the performance, which put ail the lights out and caused a temporary panic amongst the audience ; but light Boon sue ceeded darkness, and order to confusion. Our neighbours think highly of Mr. Fairclough. The news from Adelaide is that Mr. and Mrs, Bat €8 are doiBg well there. A new American sensational drama has been played there for the first time in Australia. It is called " East and West," and is prodnced with what is called " iabarinthine and thrilling effects." In this, stirring production Mrs. Bates takes the part of Ella Tierney, a factory girl, while Mr. Bates is Mo tan tain Jim the Unknown. If a piece may be judged by the announbements made concerning it — and I think it may in many oases — Victoria has not lost much by the non- appearance of the latest American dramatic notion. The Claus and Bekel concerts commenced on Tuesday last, and were the delight of a large audience that crowded White's rooms. Miss Christian assisted at the concert. The Adelaide Philharmonic Society were announced to give Barnett's " Ancient Marieer" on the Cup day. The work will no doubt be as much admired there as it was here. FIGABO. 