THfi HOViEOSt. IKEDELL GOLD. pabt iiiv tOHN CORK'S FEVER. ,otion Plains spanned the, horizon. «?£ a level line on the sky in every ^fnbut one, where somemiles of trees Vnrks corniced earth and space with a ®a iS of misty figures.. And these only jim bre&fc; c^aily visibie after being Bought / from the circle of plateau thatlay ^'Jtonously low and bare oii every Bide. clouds in winter, or the pitiless ^ISowed blue in summer, al^ayg dwelt .we and helped to shape and grow those ?^ntinK fancies which Bend shepherds to )|a ""d.house. There was only the blnrrec of mysterious .ranges ^d.faiiii far and away, to remind one thai Shine «rew in the world besides grass s0?Xfii) and that there were other Rouses find the one that rose upon the level like anery blister from (lthe# soil. . The S-i'was the home Station. It was Smiles off from where I lived... It was nhfialthy and grime£-loolung, and.it wa8 a nbfof impure fountain that Bent out Sunken 6verseers, lazy-looking hangers-on, i.^or/.(5 fiartmen, who dropped the rations srations i the " ^ * in the nui-»««"? "««» «rrin(f a prisoner-to drive off .again in fie as returning to congenial society. Separation Plains, in .my opinion; have JHven more people to madness than any Xr area of a similar extent in Victoria; t was an embodied, curse, a living, practical Mraators', where an insprutable Providence «nt men to suffer that .solitary misery that rives hopeless desperation, and then yields ; ® the oblivion of the imagination. I Sow that three out of fi ve Bhepherds became there. They were old, white-locked men. One wandered away living in the past, aid fighting strange fights with shadows in night. The others entered a realm of clironic princedom, and died in state. Ilese were men who built banks of turf to shelter them from the rain, but most of all fam the merciless sun: they would sit at these and stare out, without a thought, on ihespreading level and the eternal sameness of the sky. The evenness of their lives jafeed memories, I suppose, that grew and grew till they gripped that thing called sense and strangled it I read books, and peopled every tussock " nth actors. Every little peculiarity of the land was to me a stage. That huge area vhich was as shelterless as a mammoth mjm had a mole upon it. A bunch of trees ner near the centre, and there had been yit a hut, 10ft. by 15ft. It was called fleedy-hut, maybe because it was broken sad shaken by every gust. Be that as it nay, I stepped across three years of my life in the place. My business was to feed the iheep and myself, and to tell travellers that my rations were just done. ] had performed that duty and lied to the passers-by till the three years were closing u>, when 1 found, one day, that a feeling of lassitude was brooding over me, that I cared neither for myself nor my charge, and that there was a rest to be desired beyond what iragescould give me. The sense reeled down upon me and sat there till I was in a help to maze below the craving desire to lie and sleep as the threshold of some state that *as far better than this-of a perfect peace and without end. The bark walls became a border land peo pled with shadowy figures. They moved ilongthem with quiet motion, ana mazed through each other in a world as busy as % Little monstrosities flitted together, weird figures came and stared at me as a stranger to their shadowy domain. Things tearing no resemblance to any worldly thing jibbered, and leered, and giggled off to other parts of their mystic territory. This was the Kirld that peopled my room and swirled Toind me as I lav. A day and night tmongst them, and the fclose of a second day tonnd nie peaceful and in blank rest from duties, but longing to enter that aerial company of weirdnessand become a habitant «f their world of shadows. ' Any one in ?" friends of the border land dissolved away before the human voices, and I was left ikrae with the strong tones that had swept ©em out. I cannot now remember whether I towered or not, for the voices and the Bunds outside brought the real world upon m ami" 'ts cheerlessness and drud w The latch of the door was firmly raised, ®a a mulatto entered. He glanced into the Jptaent where I was lying, but did not asenre that the bed had an occupant. He I only have seen the clothes huddled .eiD,P^y flour bags, and twisted among «w)fft:iotning; but the shadow of the table prevented him from seeing my or the glitter of my eyes, which at that jg» must have been as bright and rapid as in/'he called to some one who was n?,?!1 u V "Come in, and sit down. Wr" |je disturbed here. This swag is Wnnt^on he contemplated a couple of iijjk ro^ed up, which he carried scarf itedracf^j ,nan, Queerly made, put his ?about doorway, and looked hurriedly toikSnif.'? down," continued the lid " hospitable tone, as though he "inter ^ the hut, and became %ch, Mr COnte?t®,1 i."can't offer JtKir name' J~r~*, 4h! J?y the way, what, is ;;cgjyalo miner: Pretty-Barton's more aristo ^rl'iw £?ver mind. Well, Garton, my and won'r^, -6 a 5^* You're not hungry, io hamper; you're riot cold, ^nKiwmeoessaiy. , The shades of , have a light:" " ' ; A, , slush lamp from the to confA,^' ^ down In th£ ^lrine^Lil Garton in a critical way. N? *J16 partition, and could ikjejjj ^Mngpasta bulge in one of the bark Vft '. ' 1 * fohnti1188 one °f those man who ^ nVTO??;,110 2P®* He had that broad, indicates unusual in which he spoke . a - Igie littfe man was short and ^UrfceiEf, ae ."M, narrow soft features Paused, strok tfek we must plantthe <aaSi£SS£S gimletmg you with his solitary orb tor the last couple of days. Yoa must take oaT?.??r*~Mr- Carton.'' , ~ ( Ifhe should " . " Don't be wtveasy j we'll find a safe where wine and beauty, pan't corrupt. Banks are you, ^now- We'll deposit timi ^lld thyme corporation." Then let us goandlude it once. But would you know the place again i" said the pale man, wan anxious way. "Enowit|[KnowReedy-hut! Ah!" The mulatto laughed silently. Quitting the re membrance, whatever it was. that tempted wmtothe noiselesBhilarity, he said, "You're ngnt, and there s a handkerchief hangingup t° wrap the !}>aby bunting1 in ; it might, un* fortunately, be useful to throw'off the scent. Lets Wrap." He to6k myhandkerchief off a ui't?11/ unfolded the blankets,from whence lie afted a large yellow ingot. I knew it was goldatonce. . . ' That mass would give me independence. The thought scattered all longing for shadow land more completely than his voice, and I sat up with a whirling head to think and watch yet closer. A vague idea of' dogging them to the hiding- place possessed me, and before they were 20 yards from the door I .was trembling after them like a ghost. 1 remember it was a clear night, and that the Bky was palpitating with stars. The two figures (the tall man with hiB swinging stride, and the little man with his > snort steps) Walked hastily towards a bend of the river which was known as. the Devil's Elbow. It was the only turn the watercourse took for miles. Straight towards the hut it came, holding the . sullen waterholes between its banks like a string ot irregular beads, and from the elbow aw;ay again creeping to the horizon in articulations of sand, ana sedge, aijd pool. One of the two must have known the Bpot, for both walked to the bend wi Uidecided stops, and when it was reached they stood above the deepest hole, blurring out the stars upon it and blackening the ebon stillness of the water. I crept up, with a hungry greediness I never felt before, without thought of danger, yet with a caution which the greed prompted. I knew the spot well. Fifty yards from the point I slipped over the bank and waded through quiet ripplings, with the burn ing of fever as well as avarice within me, till I stood behind a clump of reeds. "This," said the mulatto, "is the bank, and below stars and sod we'll deposit the treasure." He spoke in an eager, nervous voice which was not natural to the language, and continued saying something from time to time which I could not hear as he stooped and worked beside the folded blankets at nis feet. His companion seemed to be looking silently and purpose lessly into the night as he reclined near the brink with his hat off. I could just see his small head against the sky. " And now," continued Slater, raising himself, but Bpeaking in the same hurried way as before, "we've opened the coffer, the soa will keep it safer than bars. We lay up for ourselves treasures in earth where moth and rust are powerless. In a month we'll go prospecting and find a mine of wealth-eh, Garton ?" Garton did not speak. " Here in the primitive wilderness we restore to earth that of which she has been robbed with sweat and curses that His voice died off as he stooped and opened out the blankets. Then lifting the wedge of metal, as toying with the precious thing, as trying the strength of his muscular arms, as muttering some mysterious invocation he had learned in the fervid land that gave him colour, he held it high above his head. Garton still looked across the plain, dying out in dimness against the sky. I had just time to observe their relative positions.. They rise before me while writing with a vividness that has not diminished in the years that have passed since then-the dark powerful man with a scintillation in his eyes that was visible in the darkness, the delicate little figure stretched wearily on the bank. Then came a downward fall of the arms, and Garton lying prone with a convulsive motion upon the turf. There was a dull thud, that would not have been heard twenty yards away. It mingled strangely with the night sounds, as a part of that whispering tone that always lives. It fainted into silence across the stream, and the infernal hush eddied again over the scene of the murder. The mulatto rolled the body round once, and it rested on the very brink, over 15ft. of water. Then with the coolness of a settled purpose he gripped the dead or dying man by the ankle, lowered him head downwards, ana lethimfalL There was scarcely a plash, it was a muffled gulp, as the body disappeared, and the stars danced and panted on the ripples that came and laved me and swayed the reeds. The murderer gathered the dis turbed soil on the blankets and threw it in a shower after the dead man as "dust to dust" on the coffin lid, and again the stars glittered and danced. The sod was replaced over the gold, and both burials were complete. It might have been a minute, it might have been an hour after, when, hot and terrified, I crawled up the bank to see the figure of the mulatto leisurely walking towards the hut, which from the Dend nearly covered a camp fire away out on the plains. There was the distant ringing of horses' bells as a guide to where the party was, as well as the far sounds of tones now and then reaching out uncer tainly into the night. The great eye of fire looked with a hard stare of omniscient mean ing at the figure of the man as he walked from time to time between myself and the scorch ing glare. Sometimes I lost the outlines behind the hut, to catch them again against the glow; not in a hurry, not with the ap pearance of agitation in his gait as far as I could see. The thought Binote me th§nthat he was but one of the unreal devils I had held compaiiionBhip with during the last couple of dayB, and that I was acting out a. dream. It seemed to me that he entered, the hut ana looked in to see if anyone had come since he left,' and then he leisurely pursued his oourse to the travellers. I'got into bed, with the Devil's Elbow, the dancing stars, the pale maxi Jrilled, the darlf man swaying the ingqt, weavtyg»nd4wisting together in the darkness. ,/Now I "was m the stream, and ndw grappling the mulatto to win gold and sav^life-igain startmg upyith a smothered cry and felling back again in hopeless efforts against fear and a frightened prayer for sleep. > .-< " ' , I was* not a murderer,' mur-der-er, inurd-- :" a .. i " My God!" I shouted, sitting up mad witd . the fever and the terror, ?'there's the word writtep. on the darkness, by the finder ot the avenger. Who wrote it there in italics ?-now it's old English, now it's Greek. It's the Bel flWoiiT hand, it's Hebrew. How slowly ft, fades out." But day came softly round at last bearing calm with the soft grettiess, softl] creeping through the chinks, softly Ming ot the walls, softly on the dirty bed. touching : and me as with the punty of a blessing. F the light grew, and the sun came and lac and lacquered the gloom with rays that, J like arrows from chinks and crannies an, seams. So the shadows cauie again, and the i borler land appeared one© more, -with ite | silent figures tjiat movtedaround me through : the day, coming and going in the mysterious Hades wherein theyli vedandhad^heir being. I had not forgotten the last iiight.but it lay behind me indistinct and' dreamy. The phantoms pushed it 'back so £ar into the past that it might have, been a memory which years of time had muffled. And the Void gathered and grew into the blank nothing ness of thegreat oalminwhichllivedthe day before-only the shadows always-they were part pf my rest I seemed to be lasting out of life and thought. i "Any one in?' ! It was the same voice tljat had spoken 24 hours previously. If deaire by any means implies effort 1 had no desire. Thejrreat calm overlay all the other senses. There was a faint feeling that pnght have been a half-shaped wiBn to see the aarkie again, and a restful wonder to'.know if the little pale man was with him. He lifted the latch as' he entered, and looked round just as before'.: I could see there was an expression or satis faction in his face, and evep in Hid manner. .He was alone. : * "IJo one here, Good. Man on the spree, I Buppose. Sheep at the devil. If old Mauithed only knew that the Beedy-hut shepherd was having a solitary spree all to hip own self "in one of the dry waterholes he'd swear himBelf into a knot. Now for a )vash and the 'duds' I saw last night." ' He stripped-himself to the waist before a bucket of a' water that was standing on the floor, and in five minutes his face was as white as mine. I remember thinking in a speculative way what a fine-looking man he was, and how completely the colouring matter had disguised him. There was a pair of old trowsere hanging behind the door, which he took down and examined with intense satis faction. " The man who patched these wad an artist. I know a painter in Melbourne would give a guinea for them. Blast them, they are dirty!' as he drew them on over his own.- " Now for a jumper, and then to burn the coat. I'll tell Mauithed about the Beedy hut shepherd. That's worth a feed, and then -there must be a jumper somewhere." He turned and looked towards the partition against which I was lying, and I Baw nis keen eyes steadily fixing on mine. He gave his head a sudden jerk, as though he might be deceived, and looked again. I lay lazily watching him, without the least desire to hide or move. His face became nearly livid, and the brows met till they ruled his forehead with a single line. Look ing thus, he stood nearly a minute before he seemed to guess the situation. "Whew-w! my friend. How long have you been here ?" as he pulled away the bark, the better to look down upon me, " You're the shepherd, eh ?" I don't think I could have answered him. I didn't try. He paused for a moment, and the thought took me that the trowsere were too short, that the patch on the leg was sewn with black thread, that it rained the day I put it on, that I could swear to the patch. They'd know it at the station. " Ha ! ha! they'd know it at the station." "Are you aware that your fever is taking you to kingdom come, my man? You have committed the unpardonable im prudence of seeing the Ethiopian change his skin." I felt his hard cold hand on my wrist. " Going," he muttered to himself. " By God, he's gone ! If his wages won't pay for a coffin, old Mauithed will dibble him as he is. That's luckv.., Let me assist Nature." His hand travelled up to my throat, and sunk slowly and relentlessly into my neck. A blood-red cloud fell upon me that became darker and darker. There was a mighty whirling rush of something, then a mighty whispering singing, and the cloud fell around me like a palL I was off with the gnomes and cacodemons of the shadows of the hut. We raked out gold from rivers of stars. We drove forests of mulattoes into seas of ink. Armies of pale-faced men stood on the brinks and laughed at their struggles. We visited the hut and saw the shepherd lying on the squalid bed. I was no longer of him. We swept through blood-red clouds and clouds as black as night. We filled the plain with eyes of fire and danced in concert to the dancing stars. We swept beyond thehorizon to the light arid beauty of other scenes, where were green landscapes and sleeping lakes, among the shadows of palms and the voices of many waters. We floated across city scenes in countries where was neither sun nor night, then back to the level of Separation Plains, the ricketty hut, and John Corr in his fever. It came about that all these phantoms were again scattered by a voice, and that I was drawn back to the miserable bed. The voice that drew me back said " He had damper sopped in tea, but he's all off his grub, and talks of nothink but gold, and darkies, and waterholes. He goes a flyin' too, and thinks he's a eagle. I s'ppose, sir, he's agoin to hop the twig, ain't he ?" " I don't know," was the reply; " treat him as I told you, and he may pull through. Have you got the rice ?" "Ola Multy said he'd none to give." There was an opening of the door, I knew by the sudden lignt that billowed in, and the owner of the station, switching a riding whip till it hissed, came to where I lay. " On, this is him is it?" said the sauatter. "Look here, Jerry, I can't have no breedin' of fevers on my station.' Get his clothes together for the cart, and pack him off to the 'ospitaL I'm a life gov'nor." Said the other voice, "I can't agree to that, Mr. Mauithed; a journey of 40_<or 50 miles in weather like this would kill him." I don't know how long I lay. Old Jerry, who nursed me as carefully and as assidu ously as he cursed his master, told me that I was "nigh on a week before I found myself again," and that I " raved continual about knockjn' of people on their heads with gold an* such'like." The blackened hut and the gloom, the monotonous days and the constant Jerry, were maddening. On a quiet morning I tottered but, and found the way, grey with'with the aid of my nurse, to the Devil's Elbow. It was one of those days on which the clouds seem still, and all the earth is waiting.. We reached the Elbow and the dark water. I stood where they stood on that night, and below me was ? the trodden spot where the "plant" should be. 1 lay down, and while my companion tortured his pet magpie into blasphemy, I traced the line of the sod that nad been laid upon the gold. Till then I doubted whether it was not all a dream. Now the reality came to me, and with it a fierce hope that the body would not be discovered. I was strong enough tb retnove the gold and hide it elsewhere, but if the body was found and a connexion with the gold traced, it might come that the worjl that drifted across the darkness of the hiit woiild be branded upon jhe, but-beneath my elbow, not 6iri. deep, was independence. "I say. Jack, look at that precious bird; hie is swearin' splendid..Dashed if I ever hear Isuchaslap-upcusser. He'd sell well that bird I would." . ? I Looking where he pointed11 saw, the mas* 'pie perched upon a snag near the bank or ithe waterhole below me, and in afrensy of cboeyinga And cursing. Whatever it was ithat excited him quickehed his memory in* the m6st Bapematnral manner, and stimu lated it to a rehearsal that was significant of the morals of his trained. He looked side ways at the water and cooeyedat the sky with a fervour that seemed to g^her strength, then upon the water again, and back to us to ask with obscene garnishings who we were. : Jeiry, who had been listening in rapt admiration to the imprecating" bird, and jog ging its memoryto yet further profanities, sprang to his feet with a cry of wonder.' Jiggered if the blessed bird ain't a walking' on the water." , - I raised myself, and flaw with a strange feeling that had something akin to awe in it that the uncanny thing was standing on the surface of tne pool, where thin lines of ripples spread out like a spider's wety while it hooted and jeered out its curses with horrible earnestness, but alrfays looking side ways at its feet. It brought a throb into my throat that made my head giddy to see some thing slowly rise from the water as to meet the magpie and offer it a drier perch; to this it flew from its first position, and perched upon the toe of a man's boot. " Who are you ? Who are you, eh ? Who the d are you ? ? Cooey, cooey, here's a go. Kiss cockey; oh-h-h!" and the full bell tones rang far along the plain; ? "I'll be darned if it isn't a man, Jock, That's a foot, and look !" By this time the upper portion of a human figure was visible, just breaking the Surface. I rose, and stood on the brink. Through the tawny water, discoloured by gum leaves, X could see a pale f&ce; and fair hair, but face and fom swollen out of all resemblance to the man who reclined where I was standing a week before. "I know," said Jerry with a scared look, " who it is now. It's one of the coves the traps is after, as was lost from the Sydney waggon ten days ago. The new hand at the station was right. He thought as they'd a bin drowned. Poor devil." This last as a soliloquy, and as a tribute of human sym pathy to the fate of the unfortunate man. " I'll git the rope in the hut and draw him in." said my companion. " We can't let him cruise about in that 'ere way. The eagle hawks '11 be onto him in 'alf an hour. Darned if they aint smelled him already." There was one sailing steadily towards us. When Jerry returned with the rope he threw it over the body and deftly drew it to the bank. I looked, but could see no evi dences of the blow, and I shrank from put ting my hand where the wound must have been inflicted. Now that fear of the supernatural had left him, my companion announced his intention of "making the body respectable." This he did by stretching it out in the shadow of the bank, and laying the small well-formed hands by the sides. " I'll hev to go an' tell the traps," be soliloquised, while plucking at the clothes which were strained to their utmost tension. "The water does swell 'em awfuL I suppose it's what they swaller. I was never dr " There was a sudden pause, and the speaker rose and looked at me with a fresh fear in his face. " My God, Jack Corr, look there !" The vest had broken away, and we looked upon the bosom of a woman. "What infernal game is this, I wonder?" he said, almost in a whisper. " Let's search." He pushed his horned hands into the pockets without finding anything ; then he turned over the vest, and detected in the lining a little purse. It contained three sovereigns, a letter, and shirt .studs that sparkled bril liantly in the light. The paper was pulpy, but the writing was large and legible. " Flax wants half. I'll be at the back door from 1 o'clock with the bag." There was no signature and no sign of a postmark on the envelope, which was addressed, "Miss Maggie Erlott, Fleece HoteL"' I told my story to the troopers at the in quest, and showed where the gold was. The new hand that Jerry spoke of-the same that tried to assist Nature inmy case at the Reedy hut-had left, and I never heard of his cap ture. That was the fever that made Separation Plains too lonely and sent me to Sydney, where I found business less irksome and much more profitable than shepherding. The night at the Devil's Elbow is still a fear that lives through my sleep. Many a terror the tall man below the stars and the reclining woman have given me. They have lived to become a chronic dream that does not fade I with time. & 