ITERR ROBBER'S RARE SEANCE. By way of preface to a series of enter tainments which he proposes to com mence in Edinburgh, Herr Dobler gave a private exhibition of his so-called dark tteuncr. The object of this demonstra- tion, as explained by Herr Dobler himself, is to show how tho " manifestations," which we used to hear so much of as occurring in the presence of Air. Home aud other sni- disnnt spiritual mediums, may he repeated ad libitum by a clover prcstidbjitateur, with out any pretence of supernatural inter ference. Anything more open and above- board than the Herr's mode of procedure it were difficult to imagine. . He lays down certain fair, and simple conditions as regulat ing his srance, but, subject to these, he chal lenges the keenest scrutiny, and invites all and sundry to find out if they can how his feats are performed. As a preliminary to Afonday's exhibition, tlie company were invited to nominate a critical com mittee of their own number, and Dr. Steven- sou Alauadam and Lieutenant-Colonel Ileilly were accordingly requested to net in that capacity. in a moderate-sized room the seats for spectators were ranged in a double row along one side, leaving fully half the iloor quite clear. Were was placed a chair of the simplest construction, and, alongside of that, a small table on which were laid a bell aud tambourine. Tlie room having been darkened, the comx>auy heard for about a couple of minutes the rattling of a rope against the chair and floor, and when light was restored, the performer was seen seated with his limbs securely tied to the two front legs of the chair aud his arms behind the chair-baek with the wrists, not only tightly fastened together, but secured to the crossbar of the chair underneath. The closest inspection was invited, and nil having been satisfied that the knots were perfectly secure, those fastening the wrists were duly sealed, so as to render it impos sible to undo them without detection. Out goes tlie light again, and instantly tlie tam bourine, which lias been rendered slightly luminous by being rubbed with phosphorus, is seen to move on the table. The bell is rung, and presently tlie tambourine moves slowly upwards and hovere about for one or two seconds near tlie ceiling, its gliding mo tion being varied by an occasional shake that makes all its bells jingle. After this has gone on for a minute or two, bell and tam bourine are dashed violently on the floor ; and forthwith light is restored to disclose Herr Dobler seated in his chair with legs and wrists tied as before, the saal on the knots untouched and the hands show ing no traces of violent exertion. An overcoat, being now borrowed from a gentleman in the company, is. laid on the table alongside of the performer. The room is once more darkened, but this time only for a minute or so, and, when the candles are re-lit, the overcoat is fonud on Herr Dobler's back, his arms in the sleeves, but the sealed knots on his wrists intact a3 before, 'l'lie next feat was the dofiing of the coat, nnd restoration of it to tho owner, which was managed, in the dark, of course, with equal dexterity ; and then came what, perhaps, was the most astonishing test of all. Dr. Afacadam was requested to sit in front of the performer, to place a foot on each of his feet aud a hand on cacli knee, and so to watoli for any motion or indication of muscular notion m the limbs. "When the light was extinguished tlie tambourine and bell at once resumed tlieir erratic movements, the latter ending by finding a resting-place on Dr. Alacadam's head. The doctor testified that immediately on tho ex tinction of tho light he was touched 011 each side of the face, os if by two hands, aud that, while hell nnd tambourine were flying about the room, Herr Dobler's limbs remained per fectly quiescent. After this, no one was surprised to find an india-rubber ring taken, in tlie dark, from a gentleman's hand and placed off Herr Dobler's arm, and anon in much less time than it required to describe it, taken from the arm and thrown upon the floor. This feat closed the seance, which was carried through, on Herr Dobler's part, with n quiet, gentlemanly onse, indicative of the consciousness of perfect mastery in his art. Ex-baillie Skinner expressed the thanks of the company for the remarkable entertain ment which had been afforded them. A new enterprise is abbutto bo commenced in New York in the shape of a daily evening illustrated journal, to be called The Graphic. An interesting lecture was lately delivered in Hong Kong, by Air. N. B. Dennys, the editor of the China Mail, on Chinese Folk lore, in which the lecturer pointed out the identity of many of the beliefs prevailing in China on tile great eonoernB of life — such ns birth, marriage, and death — with those which exist among ourselves. For instance, to take somo of the most striking, he showed that the superstition against rock ing a " toom'l or empty cradle ; the York shire custom of throwing rice after a bride ns an oinblein of plenty ; the practice common among Swedish brides of endeavoring to get the husbands to do some thing implying future subjection to their wills ; nnd tho Scotch custom of opening the door and windows of the house in which the corpse is being "sained," to give the deported soul free egress, have all their counterparts among the Chinese. As might naturally be expected in a country where every action of a man's life is moulded in conformity with the dictates of superstition, comets, stare and other signs in the heavens are carefully watehed. In conclusion, Air. Dennys gave a brief sketch of the were wolves, ghosts, hobgoblins and serpent- women common to Chinese folk-lore. Tiie Japanese are rapidly advancing in civilisation. Mr. Alori, the Japanese Min ister at Washington, has received informa tion from liis Government to the effect that the western calendar has bet-u adopted in Japan, beginning with the 1st of January, 1873\. Though the names of the months siul days are changed to correspond with the Western calendar, the Government adhere to their old names for the years, the present year being known m the sixth year of Meidi, , 