r, 1 BRIGHAM YOUNG'S WIVES. (Mark Twain.) Mr Johnson said further that Mr Young observed -that.Hfo, was a sad, sad thing — " because the joy of c -'every new marriage a man contracted was so apt to be blighted by the inopportune funeral of a loss ro- oent brido." And Mr Johnson said that wlulo he . ,;caidr,Mr "Young were pleasantly conversing in pri vate,' one of the Sirs Youngs camo in and demanded a breast-pin, remarking that she had found out that : he, had been giving a breast-pin to No. 6, and she, '"fOrone/diil riot propose to lot this partiality go on .without making a satisfactory amount of trouble about it. Sir Young reminded her that there was a1 stranger present. Mrs Young said that if the state of things inside the house was not agreeable to the stranger, ho could find room outside. Mr Young promised the breast-pin, and she went away. . But in a miuuto or two another Sirs Young came " n and demanded a breast- pin. Sir Young began a remonstrance, but Mrs Young cut him short. She said No. 6 had got one, and No. 11 was promised one, and it was "no use for him to try to impose on her — she hoped she knew her rights." Ho gave his promise, and she went. And presently three Mrs Youngs entered in a body and opened on their husband a tempest of tears, abuse, and entreaty! : They had heard all about No. 6, No. 11, and No! 14\. Three more breast pins wero promised. They were hardly gone when nine more Airs Youngs filed into his presence, and a new tempest hurst forth and raged round about the prophet and his guest. Nine breast-pius were promised, aud the weird > . sisters filed out again. Aud in came eleven more, 'weeping and wailing aud gnashing their teeth, Eleven promised breast-pins purchased peace once more. "That is a specimen," said Air Young.' . "You see how it is. You see what a life I lead. A man can't be wise all the time. In a heedless . moment I gave my darling No. 6 — excuse my call- \- ing her thus as her other name has escaped me for the . moment— a breast- pin. It was only worth 25 dollars — that is, apparently that was its whole cost . —hut its ultimate cost was inevitably bound to be a great deal more. You yourself have seen it climb up to 650 dollars — and alas, even that is not the end ! For I have wives all over this territory of Utah. I have dozens of wives whoso numbers 1 do not even know without looking in the family Bible. . They aro scattered far and wide among the moun tains and valleys of my realm. And mark yon, every solitary one of them will hear of the wretched breast-pin, and every last one of them will have \- one. or die. No. G's breast-pin will cost me 2500 dollars before I see the end of it. And these crea tures' will compare these pins together, and if ; one is a shade finer than the rest, they will all be thrown on my hands, and I will have to order a new lot to keep peace in the family. Sir, you probably did not know it, but all the time you were present with my children yon every moment was watched hjr vigilant servitors of mine. Ii you had offered to give a child a dime, or a stick of candy, or any ' -trifle of the kind, you would have been snatched out of tlie house instantly, provided it could be done before your gift left your hand. Otherwise it would be absolutely necessary for you to make an exactly similar gift to all my children — and know ing by experience the importance of the thing, 1 would have stood by and seen to it myself that yon did it, and did it thoroughly. Once a gentleman gave one of my children a tin whistle — a veritable invention of Satan, sir, and one which I have an un speakable horror of, and so would you if you had eighty or ninety children in the house. But the deed was done — the man escaped. I knew what „ the result was going to he, and I thirsted for ven geance. I ordered out a flock of destroying Angels, and they hunted the man far into the fastnesses of the Nevada mountains. But they never caught him. I am not cruel sir — I am not vindictive except when sorely outraged — hut if I had caught him, sir, so help me Joseph Smith, I would have . locked him into the nursery till the brats whistled , him to death. By the slaughtered body of St. Parley Pratt (whom Godassoil?) there was never anything on this earth like it ! I knew who gave the whistle to the child, but I could not make those . ' .jealous mothers believe me. They believed I did it and the result was just what any man of reflection could have foreseen : I had to order a hundred and ' ten whistles — I think we had an hundred aud ten children in the house then, but some of them are off at college now — I had to order a hundred and ten of those shrieking things, and I wish I may . ; never speak another word if we didn't have to talk on our lingers entirely, from that tirao forth until \- the children got tired of the whistles. And if ever another man gives a whistle to a child of mine and I get my. hands on him, I will hang him higher than Hainan! That is the word with the bark on it; Shade of Nephi 1 You don't know anything about- married life. I am rich, and everybody knows it. l ain benevolent, , and everybody takes -advantage/of it. I have a strong fatherly instinct "ahd' all the foundlings are foisted on me. "Every . ; time a'woman wants to dwell by her "darling, sho ' puzzles lier brain to cipher out .some .scheme for \- getting it'into . my bauds. "Why,, sir, a woman \- 'came' here with a child of a curious lifeless ' sort of complexion (and so had ,tlie woman); and swore that the, child was mine and she my wife, that I had : married her at such-and-such a time in sticli-and- Buch.a, place, but she had forgotten her number, aud- of 'course I- could not remember, her name/ /Well/sir; she called my .'attention to the fact that -the child looked like me, and really it did seem to ..resemble me — a common thing in tho Territory — 'and," to cut'the story short, I put it in iny nursery, and she left. And by the ghost of Orson Hyde, wheil they came to wash the paint off that child it was ah Iiijuii ! Bless my soul, you don't know; ; anything about a married life. It is a perfect dog's; ' life,1 sir— a perfect dog's life. You can t economise. . ' It isn't possible. I have, tried keeping .one set ol bridal attire for all occasions. But it is of no use. First you'll marry a combination of calico and con sumption tliat'sas tliin'as a rail, and next you'll get a creature that's nothing riiorc than the dropsy; in disguise, and then you've got to ckc out that bridal dress with an old balloon. That is the way it gpes. 'TiAud think of the wash-bill — (excuse these tears)— niiid liundrcd and eighty-four pieces a week ! No, sir, there is uo such a thing as economy in a family like mine. Why, just the one item of cradles — think of it ! And vermifuge ! Soothiug syrup !: Teething, rings ! and ' papa's- watches . for the ? babies .to play - with i anil things to scratch the , furniture with ! and lucifer matches for them to oat 1 and pieces of gloss to cut themsolves with l ' The.item of glass alone would support your family,: : I venture to say, sir. ' ' The Currajong' ' correspondent of the Forbes. Times . reports a terrible accident at the Bush-, man's Lead On Wednesday morning,' March; Jtli, the 'shareholders in No. 6 North Bushmans| 1 Lead,, three in number — namely,. James Taylor,; . John Robert Creem, and John StevensVturning, in to work betwoon 7 and 8 o'clock — twopf-them,, tOreanv and Stevens, working in one driyffTvhile Taylor was at work in another. Having been; ,,at .t work about an hour, Taylor board a report: such -aB falling ground would make : he went to: tho end of the drive and called out to his mates,: eaohlby' his Ujame,' butireceiviug no answer wont ; for. ; his candle, when 1 ho found the face of- thej work and top of .tho drive had fullon in, so that! ho. had great difficulty to make bis way to the j shaft and. ascend. In passing through the drive to go up, lie caught sight of Slovene's leg pro-j . jecting from under a mass of dirt. He obtained! lnunedi.Uo assistance, and on removing the dirt, . which was 5ft thick, the men were found fear-i fully crusliod and both dead. Their death was instantaneous. Cream waBsittingat tiietimeof the; fall ; tho mass striking him in tho head, crushed' him into half his size when living, and there was not a. Bound bono in his body. Stevens was a, native of St Johns, New Brunswick ; Crenin was' a native of Jamaica ; both were single, and are believed to have no relatives in the colony. The funeral took place aftel' an inquest had been held. Upwards of 500 persons followed the remains of tho poor follows to'thoir last resting- place. 'fiio New Bedford (Mass.) Mercury says that the medicine chest of one of the abandoned Arc tic whalers was brokon open by some of the na- tiyes, who, thinking they had found a prize, proceeded to swallow the contents. of the bottles. 'l'liO: survivors describo the result as startling, for the doses Wore too largo for the constitution of even an Esquimoaux. Several of the partiik- xr» died, aud others wauled to but couldn't. 