A VICTIM TO EXPERIMENT. THE following touching facts are vouched for by the San Francisco News Letter:" The power of the human over the brute creation a tremendous. If beset by a savage dog, simply catch his eye, and the brute will shrink and cower beneath your steady gaze.' Briggs came across this valuable piece of information as he was pursuing a scientific newspaper. ' Wonderful said he, and so simple in the interests of science I will try it on Jowler's bulldog.' Now n meaner thing than Fowler's bulldog never worried cat. His name is Bill. His legs are marvels of crookedness, especially the hind ones. His eyes are yellow, and he looks out of the corners of them most sincerely. His body is Boavnod with sears not the honorable records of a hundred fights, but the impressions of red boated pokers, applied for the purpose of inducing him to relax his grip. He has a quiet way about him that is most beguiling. He will saunter behind a follow's log looking as demure as a sucking, select the most fleshy part, and, without saying a word, make a huge bite and hung there, steadfastly resisting every blandish- ment in the way of yolla, kicks, clubs, ice, to induce him to desist. Jowlor lots him run loose in his backyard. With a mind conscious of rectitude, our hero climbed over the fence as calmly as Daniel enters the lion's den in Born arm's Monagorio. Bill was at the other end of the lot, his usual equanimity roused to a pitch of excitement, bordering on distraction, by some playful boys, who wore poking him with chop sticks through the fence a but on seeing the intruder he made remarkable time towards him. The undaunted Briggs stooped down with his hands on his knees and hurled at the approaching animal a most search- ing look, enough to pierce his very soul. Now what follows may be deemed incredible by scientific men, but the truth must be told; The boast never stopped nor swerved, but with great toil and exceedingly open countenance made a straight shoot for Brigg's nose, and grabbing that organ between his tooth hung to it like grim death to a dead darkey. ' How is this ?' thought the poor man. ' Can it be that the paper was wrong? Incrodiblo hypothesis I I will try again.' their faces being in most intimate propinquity, the opportunity was a good one, and Briggs once more throw his whole soul into a look. He was triumphant! The cause of science was never more nobly vindicated. Bill was petrified, entranced, mos morised. The well-bred conveyed in that withering glance rendered the dog so completely spellbound that he even forgot to let go Briggs's nose! Although this proof of infallibility of newspapers who most pleasing to him, yet his situation was becoming a little irksome ; so as a last resort he thrust his forefinger into Bill's eyes. This broke the spoil, and Brigg's taking advantage of the animal opening his mouth to bowl, extricated his nose therefrom, and struck out for the fence, but before he could reach it the dog had followed on his rear with relentless portioned. The martyr to science cast a glance over his shoulder that again petrified Bill into unconsciousness, and things remained in status quo until Jowlor, alarmed by Brigg's ones come out and called off his dog. Fowler kindly plastered up the wounded man's nose, &c.;, and sent him a pair of trousers to go home in Briggs thinks that though the experiment is a glorious success, it is gaining knowledge under difficulties. The symmetry of his face is gone for over ; also the cartilage of his nose. He may hope to be able to sit down in a few weeks, the doctor says. And never does he read Tennyson's Bugle Song ' without the fear of sympathy trickling down his own poor and champion single." KHQUAND AND GniuiAHV.-British Nimrod (who has shot tigers in India, and lions in South Africa) The fact is, Herr Muller, shot I don't care much for sport unload it contains the elements of danger. Gorman Nimrod : Aoh zo P you are wont of touches P Don you should join and stood out ino p Vy, only do order tay ahoodot my brother-in-law in the shearing ! Two of the most constant old cronies in the world are the Emperor Billy, of Germany, and the long-legged Alexis. Whenever one of them goes on a journey outside of his own dominion, he always extends an invitation to the other to accompany him, and if antill an occasion as their meeting doesn't offer at toast once a year, they go and visit each other. This gives them a chance to air their French, of which both are passionately fond, and to exchange notes of court Randall, of department in which Kaiser Billy is said to be remarkably proficient. They're as jolly a brace of royal blues as over rode rough-shod over the rights of their deep people MARIC TWAIN. A Loar HUSBAND. Under the heading " Strayed or Stolen," Mrs S. Susan Huntley, of " Sheffey's farm," advertises her husband, Andrew Jackson Handley, in the Enterprise. Shoe Buys he left her about two months ago, in company with one Mundy Wyriuk, who she believes "conjuror or bewildered " him, by giving him " a cup of coffee to drink, upon the top of which he saw a blue glass swimming." They were accompanied by her " BOH Bos, who left a wife and three children." The deserted matron says a " I want A. J, arrested and hand cuffed, if necessary, and brought back to me dead or alive, as he owes H good many debts that he must pay, and he owes me a support in my old ago. He is supposed to have gone to Tennessee or Iowa, or out West. He is long, lean, lank fellow, about six feet high, broad shoulders, this board, light hair and complexion, blue eyes, and about 45 years of age (being about 20 years younger than myself.) She offers to pay anybody a fair price who will return him to her, "dead or alive," and requests all papers in the United States to copy the advertisement one time and forward their bills to her. We give her this one irradiation fact, feel like paying her for the enjoyment of the fun. CourSE.-" Show me the man who struck O'Doherty," shouted in pugnacious little Irish- man at an election. "Show me the men who just struck O'Doherty, and I'll-" " I'm the man who struck O'Doherty," said a big, brawny fellow, stopping in front ; " and what have you got to Bay about itP" " Och, sure," answered the Binull one, collapsing, " and didn't you do it well" A OUMBBMASD RELATIONSHIP. At dinner, during a pause in the conversation, a gentleman accosted another of the same name, in a voice that attracted the notice of a very large party, asking him to drink a glass of wine with him, " tor," said he, " You and I am connected." I am happy to hour it," was the reply I " but am not aware how." " I'll tell you," was the reply, " your ancestor hung twenty-nine out of thirty-two of my ancestors." The other day, a woman at Cape Girordian walked into on upper chamber, where her husband was playing pasteboard with a select party, and didn't exactly " commend the ingredients of a poisoned chalice to his lips," but she set a covered dish before him, saying sbosuppoBedho was too busy to come home to dinner. And then the grateful husband thought he smelt roast beef, &c.;, and invited his friends to partake freely. Then he removed the cover, and to, the dish contained a slip of paper only, on which was written : " I hope you will enjoy your dinner ; it is the some your family has at home JOHN Enway OF PAUIUIDOES.-The part bridge is also a game bird, Their game is new drum on a log in the spring of the year, and, keep both eyes open, watching the sportsmen Partridges are shot on the wing, and ore oz easy to miss oz a ghost iz. It is plain enough to see the old bird hide her young brood when danger is near. This must be seen, it kant be described, and make every boddy believe I its The partridge, grouse, and pheasant ore cousins,, and either one of them straddle a gridiron natural enuff' few hav bin born there. Take a couple of young partridges and put them down, and serve up with the right kind of a chorus,, and they boat the barn sandwich you buy on the Camden and Amboy Railroad 87 percent. I have eat these lamont abel Nu Jersey ham. sandwich, and must say that I prefer a couple of, bass wood chips, soaked in mustard water, and. stuck together with Spalding's glue. " HIOHBB PS-The bodies do their hair up so high now that they have, it is said, to stand on something to put on their hats. . 