I tHEIATE EAHDWICK XBETQFG. I Br AUGUB. I It would be absurd to eay that the A.,T.C. Spring Meeting of 1873 equalled its pre decessor in point of excellence. There were none of those soul-stirring contests that occurred last ysar, when Dagwoith, Pyrrhus, and Javelin ran such a desperate race for the Spring Stakes, and Dagworth and Javelin fought it ont inch by inch in the Craven Plate. Altogether the sport was below the average, the most exciting straggles on the Derby day being those for the Hurdle Race and Ef»som Handicap, the former of which ended in a capital Bet-to between the two Victorians. The styles of the respective pilots were remarkable for their difference, Chimey's experience on the flat standing him in good need when it came to a finish, for keeping such horses as Mortis straight Harding has no equal in the southern hemi sphere. The strapping King Toin gave evi dence of far speedier powers th&tf; was antidjHited, for though many looked to him' as the probable winner, L nobody I thought that he was capable of, l«»H- I ing the Trial Stokes field . from' start to finish. Fate Beemed tobe! against thte fellow and black, for The Nob, whbihade his d&ttf; in this race, ibokedall bver -a winner until.he.bolted; and furtheron in the meeting, when going as well-as anything in a fcace in which he was engaged, he ML and pins lost all chance. The most notable incident in connexion with the Derhy lrun nrng was the position held by Fitz-Yattendon, whose trials had been of such a satisfactory nature. Candidly speaking, it must be con fessed that the rare was run exactly to suit Benvolio, seeing that the Sylvia colt, Sterling and Fitz-Yattendon did most of the racing for a mile and a quarter, while the ChesnUt looked on from behind until they had settled one another. It was this cut-throat policy which# enabled the moderate' Excelsior to gain Becofid honours, and this was borne out by the subsequent perform ances of those that were behind him notably those of Fitz-Yattendon, who came out in his true colours in the | Maiden Plate and Mares' Produce Stakes The ndiculous defeat of The Ace on the first day disgusted everybody but those who had accepted the odds that were laid on the South Australian champion. . It is difficult to say how easily he could have won had Brown waited till he got to the distance. The Ace is a horse that will stand no disappointments . he cares not to race when in front, and know mg this, it was thought that his new pilot would have handled him in a different style to what he did; but he seemed to make the same mistake every time that he rode him % ^etnuniph for Mr. Ryan to win the A. J. C. Derby the first timeof asking, and with a Victorian-bred colt, too. Benvolio however, is not the first Derby winner that old Juliet has produced; for her son Charon prov«i victorious both at Randwick and at fiemington, and her daughter Ragpicker was within an ace of carrying off the blue riband of our neighbours. Juliet's grandson, the Sylvia colt, obtained third honours, and throughout the meeting he performed more than respect ably. Time will effect considerable improve ment in this son of Fireworks, and by the tame the Leger comes round- should all go well with him, he will probably carry out the high opinion formed of him by Mr. Tait, who notwithstanding his defeats, feels sanguine about the V.R.C. Derby, wherein he will have to meet Lapidist, Maid of Avenel, and per haps Dante. Sterling ran as well as anything for a mile and a quarter, when he retired, hereby giving colour to the rumour that he had been found to be a non-stayer. Benvolio was toot a good horse for the ring; for the pubkchad notfoigotten thefight he madewith ine Axrowin the autumn, when the chesnut earned nearly a stone over- weight and was only beaten after a determined resistance. Thin caused a run to be made on liim throughout the winter, but as spring approached he fell away to a skeleton, owing to his inability to feed, and an injury to one of his lees caused, it is thought, by a lflpsv Jrom a stable fork-also helped to throw him back. TothiU, howeyer, persevered with him, and thanks to the best of care and attention, the colt wm turned out quite well enough to appro r /riband, thou^n it was a subject of remark that the once honoured custom of investing the winner with the badge of success was not indulged in this year; and though Tothill led the colt about the paddock expecting that the Derby °fc\\. w?al? ^ encircled with the blue_ riband, he had to leave it without re ceiving that honour. Until Kingfisher ran such a desperate race in the Epsom Handicap 1 had always entertained'an opinion that he was possessed of a soft spot; but thg determined efforts he mad? throughout t u806 effectually dispelled sbch an idea .' for he was hard at it from the jump; and gamelv answering every call that Hales made upon him, he managed to secure a dead- heat T rains that!fell during the penod wbich intervened between the Derby and Metropolitan days rendered the than soft and holding, a I ® 'f Par5ially attributable to the presence of a large dam pn the onDosite side of the road. The water from this per ^if!^rOUg the ?and» and ,» lake on a small scale maynow be seen in the centre of ? p!f0ff?U?e'J ^.enthe symmetricaUy-shaped Rosahe landed the green and BCarlet banner in front, in the first race of the day it was prophesied that Mr. Ryan would have a rare throw m; but, as the sequel proved these prognostications were not fulfilled In rase anything might happen to the Metro pohtan crack, the Derby winner'^as kept in the list until the Maiden Plate came on the board, when it was decided that "Ben" 1 mfor the less important event, and ; Odds were laid on him; but running without ihw dims on soft ground did not seem to suit him so well as on firm, tod he never ' ' easy feabner in WW.' R'ofjer tifiie."; ft'is; 1; state ' thdt ^he winner turned up. in Mr. De Mestre's four year-old brother to Hamlet. There can be no two opinions as to the decisiveness of the victory, for Horatio could have won at a mile and a half, and after they had gone thai dis tance te was merely playifig with the leaders. No doubt the ground suited him, as it did in the Three-year-old Handicap he won at flemington, bnt even had it been sound going, I question very much whether the verdict would have been altered. Some, few weeks before the - meeting,1 Horatio had been suffering from1 a severe attack of gripes, and it had, been found neces sary to keep him - in the stable for some days. This, it was thought, had spoilt his chance for the Metropolitan but as the day approached, he improved so rapidly that Mr. De M$stre determined to put him and Dagworth together. The result was all in favour of Horatiotand hisovfcerat once pronounced him, .The Ace's most dangerous opponent. Two days afterwards Dagworth ana Hotatio were' se^it a tejjronfe gallop together, and a£ a mile and,£hidi Donnelly was.seen .to be riding. haw «> Keep Dagworth near.the youngster, but towards the finish he drew on to hitn and most of the good judges at Rtodwick'pronpunced ip favour of the old one; some even going so far as to say that Horatio tvps clfeanknocked out. Mr. De Mestre was notnear the finishj and the croakingB ofhis friends induced him to Slink "that: the kreat gallop of twoidays previoudy had had the reverse of a good effect, an idea, which was further.. strengthened by the boy who rode him stating that he did not go so well as usual. Oh the mbrnrng of the race, - however, Mr. De Mestfle sent the pair a short but sharp half mile, and the colt performed so well that lie began to take a more hopeful view of his cafefe. It \to an un fortunate circumstance that Dagworth should have been started without his shoes,' the ground being greatly against him. : But for this mistake I am now quite satisfied that the black jackets would have been first and second. Horatio displayed the possession of extraordinary speedy powers at the com mencement of affairs, when a scrimmage took place in which Mr. De Mestre's two were the principal sufferers; but though they both lost a deal of ground through this mishap, Horatio went up to the leading horses without the slightest difficulty, and I verily believe could have led from Btart to finish. My favourite of the outsiders, the game little Myrtle, was made a great deal of during the race, and so was Priam ; but I am lull about the latter, who, however, may do a good thing when least expected. M'Callum Mohr, I am told, suffered from the collision with Hamlet and The'Ace, but, nevertheless, heran the great little horselie invariably does, and managed to gain the same position that he held in the Sydney Gold Cup. The ground admirably suited The Arrow, who was the best conditioned of the two; and in him Mr. Tait has a worthy successor to The PearL Brown attributes The Ace's defeat to the foul riding of Tom Enderson, and as this is not the first time Complaints have been made about tlite Same jockey, it is to be hoped that the escape he had will prove a warning to him ; for there can be no doubt but that he would have been disqualified had Brown "been in time with the objection, as Donnelly, Lewis, and other jockeys stated that they saw him deliberately pull across The Ace. This system of foul riding must be put a stop to with a firm hand, and the sooner an example is made the better* Hamlet was in no condition to get through a two miles race; and it strikes me very forcibly that Mr. Lewis will have some difficulty in bringing him fit to the post for the Melbourne Cup, albeit it is confidently averred that he is as "sound as a bell of braBs." Bells sometimes crack, and so may Hamlet when he goes into very strong work? and yet it is to be hoped that this great horse will once more be brought out in first-class condition, in the event of which he may {mil off what has been a favourite double with the public, Horatio and Hamlet. In accordance with the custom I havg now adopted in the case, of winners of great events, I present the readers of The Austral asian with the tabulated pedigree bf the winner of the Metropolitan; and as he and Hamlet are full brothers, and likely to take a prominent part in the future affairs of Australian stuas, this little form will be well worth preserving by those wh<j take an interest in breeding matters: v i Flying Dutch mail Boarding School Miss Mainbrace Plenipoten-. tiary Marptsea The Baron Pocahontas Melbourne j r, oi :a" J; i : Cinlielii " t j 10 . Bustard Daughter of Sheet Anchor Daughter of Bay Micdleton Bar belle Sultan, by Selira Cobweb, by Phan tom Bird catch or Echidna' Qlencoe Mupaeaa Humphrey Clinker T^uchfljoiie Broctde v.J,;;' Castrcl, by Buzzard MissHap,bySlmttle Orviile, by Benin borough Bosanne, by Dick Andrews Lottery, by Tramp Morgia.ua; byMuley Bay Middloton,- by Sultan ? " Nitocris, toy \flus* ker Sandbeck, by" Cat ton Darioletta,by Ama dls Emilius, by Orviile Harriet, by Peri Muley, by Orviile Clare, by M&rmion; Sir Hercules, by Whalebone Guiccioli, by Bob Booty Economist,' bv Whisker Miqs. Pratt, by BlacklocK Sultan, by Sclim Trampoline, by Tramp . .. Muley, " Olkre, By ker ^aste'sis: Gowatpna toad--! ? %o!ie' f! Banter, <byt Vaster. ftnteloon, byCae P^Saane/'by _ ' ThuAdei!Dolt0? l'i;( .ivy.r.u-i litiu Sfld^atoh^ibiaingfjbJr 8dlaSSto£ far-famed marifi _ who Is ®. 8, daughter di dam h School by winning the follq^g thisMctoiynDW?^? sSw Sz fetodte^lSiiflaS stassn^^^ vjaitd Oaf# <W Wilson- it' put into work. I^aygffr rSftfaat ft fef^-^i«6a®5Ra«s little stranger is fcou^famftrtS ^Wig the The third day of the , devoid of interest,' and the^iteS® W weather made matters ^oMe ^. ;^ a victoty for Mr. Rouse,' triumphed over The Ace wWmSL®Mnlet kicked when Brown struck' and whip. ? Gaffer : Grey easily nla3L$ ^ ^"8 jaoj'tb Mr. 'plenfeterv^^t Myrtle s performance in the Sv&^i's i""1 bore ,o striking contraat t/v'Ju^^&cao; bore ,ai striking .contrast to ffiffiap saw in the Free. The most intSn^u1 *e of the day was that betweenY*^?06 year olds for the Produce StakA^ Joe Kean rode "Fite" as hSniftrein ndden him in the Derby, never miti Jf6 run till he entered iie &*fulhi* lie came through, and ' woti ui ^ the Sylvia colt again obtaining ihKS! viable second place; while R^e h-aJ? a" looking but the Shadow of the filly 4^' the autumn, finished third, afterLkffi running for her stable compamon^rvS ing her condition, this wasvS&iSS;?* ance, good enough, at aU eventefffiS; owner to believe that she mayvetwfrK lost laurels when she figure/Re V Ro Derby- It was pleasing indeed to me t eee Fitz-Yattendon perform so welL^n» much aa I had from tVe first always eunX praises. In June last, .! furnisliedtoto a penes of articles on "Our Tm Year Olds, and wound up thus: " Haying pretty well, gone through the best of the two , year olds that speared dunng the season and;briefly referrdto their doings, I shall 'conclude by ventaC an opinion that the colts that wfll exhibfi most improvement next spring will be fi~ volio and FUz-Yaftendon; that Witts* and Master M'Gratlr will still retam £5 form, and be hard to beat in any description of race ; that Sea Spray will have advanced most of the ffllies: and that Rose d'Amont will probably find her master in either Ben. volio or Master M'Grath in the A.JC Derby. Benvolio and Fitz-Yattendon have both borne out the high opinion I formed of them an opinion partially based upon the aplmdjj pedigrees claimed by these highly-bred colts. It is yet to be seen whether Sea Spray will justify my remarks, but I have every reason to believe that she will It would be superfluous to say much about the last day. Sterling showed something like his true form in the President's Handi cap, and Nydia did her sire some service by easily winning the Waverlejr Handicap. Nothing' could make ProdigiouB gallop m the steeplechase, and Hamlet hadn't the ghost of a show with Dagworth in the long ra.ce; the beautifully - trained Speculation, winding up the meeting with a victory for Lamond's stable. It is worthy of remark that the meeting passed over without the yellow and black of Mr. Tait once catching the judge's eye first, a piece of bad luck which has seldom before fallen to the Byron-lodge stable. At the last autumn meeting Mr. Tait won six races, and this time last year he managed to score a couple of victories; while in the spring of 1871 his colours were victorious five times, and in the autumn The Quatk saved the colours from disgrace by gaining a couple of victories. In the spring of 1870 the Derby was tbe only event tnat fell to Mr. Tait's lot, a couple ofmiiior events coming to his share in the autnmn; and I remember one meeting ^during wbich oniy a £25 selliig race was won by the popula* stable, bat I cannot call to mind a. circumstance similar to that which. I have .here referred to. However, the" folloto&ts; 'of the yellow ai d black may rest assured ' that their favourite colours will be ably represented at Fleming" ton; for the Sylvia colt is of the improv« ing sort, Rose d'Amour is. coming on again, and The Arrow and M'Galium Mohr, esp* dally the latter, will , probably pay expenses before they leave tljeBe shores. , Yattendon once more bore off the pata^ the number of victories-hia sons Dagwortft and Fitz-Yattendon ably upholding the repu tation of their sire, Sterling also helping to Bwell his list of winners; but the cmet trophies of the meeting were earned on fly sons of Peter Wilkins and Maribyrnong, m* scendants of whom gained other successes. The victories of the Victorian-bred animal® must have proved a source of'cona**®1®''1® satisfaction to the breeders'of tbis colony! and it is a fact veil worth ^corfing w Benvolio and Horatio Bpnng from the gran" old strains of English ijjood introduced to. these shores by ihe Messrs. Fisher. 