DIOCESE OF BATHURST. OPENING OF STANISLAUS' COLLEGE, BATHUBST. The formal opening of this new building lately erected in Bathurst took place on Sunday, 7th September, at 11 a,m. Their Lordships the Bishops of Bathurst, of Hobart Town, Brisbane, Maitland, Armidale, and Goulburn were present on the occasion. The visiting prelates had previously met with a splendid reception. The students of St. Stanislaus' College, the boys of St. Michael and St; John's School, the girls of the Convent School^ the Orphan School, and the Holy Catholic Guild, i assembled to weldome their Lordships,'/and alter a Tt .Deumhadbeen ung fin thoi Cathedral, presented them ith-to address; :• I .' 1 ' 1 . St.-Stanislaus* College, which is by far he largest and most magnificent building n Bathurst, says the correspondent of the outhern Argus, stands on, a gentle emience atthe southern extremity of the town, from which an enchanting view of he city beneath, the plains beyond, and the surrounding scenery for miles, can be obtained. The site is peculiarly adapted for a college, a» a more healthy position could not be secured. The building is of brick, and consists of three stories;—the ground story is set apart for the schoolrooms, refectory, reception-rooms, &c.; ; the second story is appropriated for rooms for the bishops and priests ; and the third story is devoted to a dormitory for the students. The dormitory is one open space, occasionally divided and supported by buttresses and pillars, and seems admirably adapted for a sleeping apartment as regards sanitary arrangements. The whole building is surmounted by a graceful tower. The building at present has a very noble and impressive appearance, and when the other wings, which are designed to be built, are finished, it will vie with anything of its kind in the colony. At 10 o'clock on the auspicious mornng the procession formed at the cathedral n the following order :—The boys of the enominational school; then the girls of he female denominational school; next he Holy Catholic Guild, with whom Mr. ubie of Sydney walked; followed by he representative of St. John's College ; he bishops and priests; and lastly the congregation. In this order the procesion took its way to the college. Memers of all denominations assembled to witness the procession. Upon arrival at the gate of the college the procession was met by their Lordships the Bishops of Brisbane and Maitland. A spacious marquee, capable of holding four or five thousand persons, was very soon filled with people, who witnessed the celebration of High Mass by the Rev. Father O'Donovan, of Mudgee. The choir, under Sir. W. J. Turner, discoursed sweet music at intervals. After the celebration of Mass, his Lordship the Bishop of Brisbane preached the following beautiful sermon :— Dr. Qninn took for his text the words of our Saviour as given to the ApoBtles, from the gospel of St. Matthew, the 28th chapter, verses 18,19, and 20. " And Jesus coming, spoke to them, saying: All power |is given to me in heaven and earth. Go therefore teach ye all nations; baptising in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all tings whatsoever I have commanded you; and behold I am with.you always, even to the consummation of the world." His Lordship said that the words he had just recited constituted the commission given by the Holy Saviour to His Apostles, to teach His holy word to all nations. Moses, when instructed to preach the word, was sent to the Egyptians, and Jonah's mission was to go to tbe Ninevites; but the Apostles were told to go forth—not to one city or to one people—but to all nations, North, South, East, and West. And theirs was no teaching of an ordinary kind; they were not to give a course of lectures and go their ways; they could not present a neatly-bound book, ask the recipient's earnest consideration of it, and pass on, for no books on the subject existed. The book of the New Testament was then not written. They were to teach in season and out of season, and rebuke the whole spirit of the age. On the reception or rejection of their doctrines rested the eternal salvation of their hearers. In the words of their Divine Master—" He/ that believeth and is -baptised shall be saved; but he tliat believeth not shall be condemned." Nor was their work done with the baptism of their converts. They had to see that the commandments so recently delivered to them were observed by their flocks. They could not even make a tour of the world and retire to rest and tranquillity. Their work began at the Pentecost, and continued through all time till the day of doom, through generations from age to age, till the end of the world. And it must be remembered that teaching like theirs, if it were to have effect, meant the reorganisation of society. Once spread abroad, the whole fabric of Paganism must be pulled down, to be replaced by the doctrines of Christianity. This fulfilment was a portion of their commission, and the commission of the church of to-day—the commission from which originated the establishment of churches and colleges and schools, and caused the hearts of the church through all ages to overflow with joy. It originated a system, which was infallible and sure of success—a system which was sure of success by the church, and which was so ably being carried out by their beloved bishop, and which devolved upon his flockAB well as upon the Apostles, and a portion of thecommand was being • obeyed by the. congregation. before; him who bad assembled that day. His Lordship would ask his hearers to consider the standing and condition of the few men, upon whom this mighty, cbjmmission . was •conferred, as well as the condition of society in the country in which they dwelt. " In themselves ' the Apostles wenTBBtirely unable to perform the command of.their beloved Master, aud it was only by the .supernatural powers granted them that .tbey. couia hope to perform, the hich -were continued ando™.. a hurch t^he m of tb, hich they could only hops'to^HS oly mission. The task of the S > embernd. VIA WNNM „I RMTLEIW srsSMft-jaa" iariy and eminently low. M nd people aimed at imitating the i f the great Roman Empire, as honoured and respected- hm™!^ sions were deified. Tbe tutelary 2 J* aseness and corruption had altars C i nd shrines erected in their honont ~ work of the apostles was to ov altars and temples, to teach the vni • of Bacchus to be temperate, and thf ij^FJl idolatry and J substitute chaste, the severe to snbv^j austere Christian code. The public anm" 1 ments were of a nature wholly in umfa diction to the possibility of their soS The favourite amusement was provided •• the vast amphitheatres, where menbntcherS each other while spectators applauded men were thrown to wild beasts, for which lions, tigers, panthers and leopsrds-tki woods were ransacked ; beasts that J1 starved and goaded to their work before tin! were unloosed. The ColosBeum was oft!, crowded by 30,000 of these demons fa human form. Those seats bad to be moved and replaced by altara and f dedicated to the trne God, and tbe pilgrims and devotees were to tread „ ut bloodthirsty gladiators and their abettorS trodden before. Paganism, with all its allm. ing luxuriousness, was to be subverted-fo whom? By twelve illiterate men. All si and domestic habits were thoroughly twined with these Pagan habits. His Loti ship would ask them to look at the solidify and strength of theseinstiiutions. Thebuflj! ings in which these practices were pursue) existed to the present day, and were theaj. miration and wonder of the age. Theirroadj still existed, unmoved by age or time; their aqueducts were still remaining as marvels d strength and utility; their statues, even fa fragments, furnished models to Bculptorsol the present day, and were regarded as priesless treasures, while their orators were m. rivalled, and their literature was still clai® to the schools of the age, and their poeti read with admiration and wonder, and taken as examples of all that was perfect for parity and force of expression. Imagine the task these men bad to perform : ihey were togo to tbese architects, philosophers, poets, anj sensualists, and ask them to believe something they could not understand; to tell them to be meek and gentle, poor in spirit aa! merciful, to love their enemies, and to imitate, aB far as is in human nature, their Soi And what manner of men were to convert these applauders of gladiators, wine- bibben, and sensual philosophers ? Why, fisherm and artisans with ho better nor worse ednct- .tion than was usually given to men of then condition. They had no wealth with which to purchase followers; no patrons, so Maence. Look at them assembled on Mount Olivet—their education under their Divine Master completed—they stand there eleven men (not twelve, for one has betrayed his Master, and hung himself in agony of remorse). There is Peter, with downcast eyes and furrowed cheeks, and Thomas, surnamed Didymus. because he required to feel the wounds in the side of the Saviour before he oould believe. There is a general air of sadness amongst them. They ran away from their Divine Lord, and left him to be soourged and crucified alone. From such a body of men what could be expected! And yet they were to go. forth and teach the Gospel to all nations aud tbe whole world. Apparently they are totally unprepared, yet they are gifted with supernatural powers, and they will succeed. To one of them the Lord hath said—" Thou art Peter; and npon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I will give to thee the keys of the tang dom of heaven. And whatsoever thou shall bind upon earth it shall be bound also in heaven: and. whatsoever thou shalt loose upon earth, it shall be loosed also in heaven. This commission was given to Peter1900 years ago, yet such was the condition of the Church founded by the apostles that till three years ago it had never been necessary t» preach as an article of faith the doctrine ol infallibility, it was so well understood. This commission was not oonferred upon reter alone, for Christ said to the other apostles- "As the Father hath sent Me, I also send you." Going forth with such powers, se* what those men and their successors aw. His lordship said he would now take tne liberty, as he learned there were manywno differed from him in religion, to express «ne kindly feeling he entertained for them. loved no Roman Catholic better, and perhaps he regarded them with a feeling more acutely kind. Roman Catholics should not be sorry w this, for he was satisfied that every t person, whether baptised by a pnes « » Protestant minister, was baptised into Church of Borne. There could be no wo churches. Any person properly baptise" was introduced into the Church of Chn«. « what they .called the Catholic Church, whosj ministers are folly equipped and^endowea with all powers requisite Bow as tuey w«. on the day of Penteoost. Those who reuw entirely upon the New Testament were una® a mistake, because when the commission ww first given to the apostles, tbe founders® the Catholic Church, no New Testament-™ book of the New Testament—existed. i™ Catholics are ready to turn round and <w' work of the apostles, and they are the oruy churoh that can do. it. If every document, record, and monument relating toOhnstiwuj were destroyed to-morrow, the C "" discharge their duty without either l . monument, or dooument, beoausethelaff"" the spirit, of God, as he say§, ^etLlaw as your hearta,, ^ V,. TVi' iTk a vital portion of their i Sowlodge of the law, so bpund up S SoliiBg and existence as to be in- ^r 'Wliat document, or record, or ?V le "t aid men want so long as they -lied with the spirit of the Father, fC' S ^eVly Ghost ? Had they sacraments, those holy weapons pf . ^ the army of Christ? Sacraments mi confirmation. Other 1 f^miRht do without them-the tea could not. And the doctrine of the r S take that out of their religion, iHk son might as well be taken out of ® c Why did the poor man, be so poor, find a hquse for his God ? J, 6 ,., they decorate His house and altar? flre tbey struck with awe and horror ^ E k that sacred edifice? Take the 'Sacraments away and you destroyed . VL fabric of their religion, and they r nlV cease to live. There was no need t «eommonicate the unbeliever. Men P " j OTd were nndecided, and along came tme diabolical infidel like Voltaire, and tar no longer believed in their church. hen must be prepared to bear persecution Er their conscience sake. Catholics could >ve no lukewarmness; they were taught .0 abstract tbings, but prepared to constitute Kg church on earth. Catholic ministers tad forall time the work of the apostles to wrfonn. One of the principles they had to fculeate was charity. " I give unto you a ewconunandment," said our Saviour, " that fl love one another;" and there could be no L e without charity; and those ministers tho condemned other men, and like the lharisee of old, thanked God they were not s tbey were, were in the way of damnation lemselves. It was a fundamental principle 1 their religion, this love for all men, and Ley were bound to treat those outside their torch with the same kindness they showed their co-religionists. Returning to the miles and their work, his Lordship asked e congregation to regard them as they kood on Mount Olivet, like orphans looking towards heaven, till the angel, in the ape of a young man, came down and cried them "Men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven ?" And they ^ed to an upper room, and there remained •Jthe Holy Trinity was completed by the descending of the Holy Ghost upon them. Dn the day of Pentecost their work comaenced, and they went forth as teachers into he open streets—forth to all nations and pie, till all time—talking to them in their j tongues, till now their converts number housands of thousands. Up they went to he Temple, through its gates, giving life nd health. As Peter said to the cripple, ho asked of them alms, " Silver and gold _ave I none, but such as I have, give I unto |hee—arise and walk;" and he arose, and •rent bounding before the multitude, singing ihe praises of Jesus of Nazareth. They were apprehended and brought before the first magistrate, who asked them, " Why teach j these things ?" It would be seen it was l entire question of teaching. " Go, and leach no more ;" and they asked, " Are we to obey you or God ?" They were prepared Bor persecution. Their Master had said, " If [they persecute you, did they not persecute [Me before you?" So long as they were [obscure, they were allowed to preach; but as soon'as their doctrines spread, they were [seized and persecuted. They were scourged thrown to the beasts in the amphithea- Bnt, as a celebrated writer of the second [century observed, " the blood of martyrs is the seed of Christianity." In spite of their efforts to suppress Christ's teachings, Christians were found in their armies, unongst their guards, in their halls and schools. A Roman emperor had put up a monument to mark the extinction of Christmnity, but though the Church had to be hidden in dens and lairs and secret places, it still triumphed. By virtue of their commission, the disciples of the ApoBtles still taught; endowed with supernatural powers, they conquered—not with the sword, but the pen. As to this question of teaching and oposition to the Church giving instruction. The blessed successor of St. Peter, his Lordship continued, was a prisoner— in a palace it vas true, because he was a temporal king —and how long he was to remain so, God only knows. Only the other day he read of one of his guards being murdered. He was hailed with execrations ; they were calling tusmltuously for his destruction. Look at the condition of the Church in Europe. In Italy the bishops were forbidaen to teach. In Switzerland the Bishop of Geneva was in imminent peril. In Germany all effectual control of the Church over seminaries and colleges had gone. Temporal powers were usurping the commission ofthe Church. In Spain there was anarchy —one party saying the Church should teach, the other that it should not. One of the iblest debaters they had, in a speech deol&red; there should be no God; no form of ttligion; no right but might. This infidelity and opposition to the Chnrch was not local, ™t universal. A society sent forth from watfon its emissaries to all parts of the jorld ojpenly, and published the names of weir missioners in the public newspapers. %atioa ms the great question. They say M6 Church has no right to teach; bnt ho.^v «|W4 children be brought up as Christians? "lis secular cry was gaming ground. During •o absence of two years from bis diocese he •km **° r<islli P) grieved to say it had been ininto his people. Bigotry and prejuj~' B h»d got amongst them, measures hostile we control of the Church were favourably Wgarded, ana jfce right t)iey had reoeived from r&fat;, "Go ye and teach," -was, denied, f^eyer, the Catholic Church was certain of f ^ ^ a ^ j ^ a ^ ' ^ i , ^ supernatural owers granted them, and on their best weapon 7^-pr^'er. Not long ago tfcee days had befen set apart by the $oly Father'for them' to unite in prayer and supplication; that his captivity might bease, andthe pfersebirtibn'of the Church be no more. For three days this communion of Saints continoed without ceasng throughout the whole Catholic Church ; the Saints in heaven, the Church on earth, and the souls in purgatory all joined in this supplication to the throne of grace. Thus, the Church suffering, the Church militant, and the Church triumphant joined, and with one voice sent up their prayers for this object. In spite of these persecutions there was much to be thankful for; the Church was spreading in many lands. Converts should not be looked upon, however, in a temporal or political light, but should be brought into the right church as a duty, and for their salvation, not for the glorification of the church or in a party spirit. Now he would refer to one little spot which, while the Roman Empire had sway over the whole world, was an exception, for no Boman eagle floated over a foot of that land, and not one man from king to beggar had been converted to Christianity. Yet the conversion of the whole land, from beggar to king, was made by one man, and with this peculiarity—that the blood of no one martyr ever stained the record of it; . and while other countries lost their love for that faith, that land—Ireland —had never wavered, but had kept it warm and sent forth its missionaries to all the world in thousands, as witness their churches and.schools and colleges in America and Australia. A great number, the largest proportion, his Lordship said, present were Irishmen, and it was a peculiarity with the rish people that tbey bore no hostility to any ther nation; they were hostile to practices ut never to people. Another distinguishing haracteristic of theirs was their liberality nd love for learning. For ages the poor scholar could get his book and board free in reland, and her descendants were emulating that liberal spirit in this colony. A great deal of the credit for the establishment of schools und colleges in the diocese was due to their Bishop, but his efforts, unless he were aided by a liberal people, would be futile. No other people in Australia as yet had advanced so far in educational liberality as they had in Bathurst. Their liberality was proverbial, and had been the astonishment and wonder of Catholic bodies all over the country, and his Lordship hoped the sun would not go down upon a debt on the college. His Lordship concluded by paying a graceful cpmpliment to the diocese, which was imitating Ireland in its love for liberal scholastic and and sacred institutions, and he trusted that Australia would emulate Ireland in its tenacity to the faith, and its people would, he ; was sure, receive the reward pledged by their heavenly Father. After the sermon, a collection was made at the door, and over £900 was subscribed. The bishops, priests, and people then repaired to another marquee,' where between six and seven hundred people sat down to a magnificent luncheon provided by the good ladies of Bathurst. After all were satisfied, his Lordship the Bishop of Bathurst, in a short speech, thanked the bishops, priests, and ottiers for. tfyeir attendance—the people for the way they had carried out the reception of the bishops, and tta opening of the. college— the ladies for tKe magnificent luncheon provided—and the press. The Bishops of Brisbane, Goulburn, Maitland, and Armidale each responded eloquently on his own behalf. 