RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. The Bible Christian District Meeting. First Day: Wednesday. Feb. 25. The annual District Meeting of the Bible Christians began in Young-street Chapel, Ade- laide, on Wednesday, February 26. The devo- tional services were conducted bv the Chairman. the Rev. J. Ashton. The ministers and repre- sentatives from the various stations congratu- lated each other as labourers together in the vineyard of Christ. On taking his seat the Chairman delivered a short but suitable address. The Rev. W. Richards was unanimously elected Secretary, the Revs. T. Piper and C. Tresise Assistant Secretaries, and the Rev. J. Foster reporter to the Press. Two young men— Walter Long and John A. Burns— recommended by their respective quar- terly meetings, offered themselves for the work of the ministry; and after answering the usual questions on their conversion, Christian experi- ence, and call, also being otherwise examined, they were cordially received as probationers. The presence of the Rev. Richard Kelley— recently from England— was recognised with a large amount of satisfaction and plaasure, and a resolution welcoming him to this new field of labour was heartily and unanimously passed. The fact that God, in His providence, had taken by death the Rev. Mr. Bandt, a young man of considerable promise, was recorded. It was felt that he had left the Church Militant and gone to the Church Triumphant. He has finished his work on earth, and is gone to his reward in heaven. And while his departure was deeply felt, all were disposed to say, 'The will of the Lord be done.' In the evening the Chairman preached the District Sermon, selecting for his text Romans xv. 3, 'For even Christ pleased not Himself.' The discourse was replete with weighty and important truths well adapted for the occasion. The character and work of the world's Redeemer, both in His divine and human nature, were dilated on with considerable ability, and the willingness, cheerfulness, and resignation with which He accomplished His mediatorial work forcibly described. Then the Saviour was presented as the Great Exemplar of the ministers and members of His Church, and all present were earnestly and affectionately urged to assimilate_ themselves to His character, to cultivate His spirit, to tread in His steps, and to follow Him to Heaven. The Lord's Supper was administered at the close of the public service, when a deep solemn feeling pervaded the assembly. Second Day: Thursday, Feb. 27. Prayer was offered by the Rev. J. R«ck. A resolution expressive of the loss sustained in the removal by death of so valuable a minister as Mr. R. O. Bandt was passed. The spiritual state of each station in the district was reported upon, and after a lengthy discussion on mission labour, and the trials and triumphs of Christian workers, the following resolution was passed— 'That, in reviewing the labours of the past year, we see much for thankful ness to God. Our prosperity has not been great, but it has been sufficient to inspire us with hopefulness. We need a richer baptism of the Holy Ghost on ourselves and on our Churches, and we pray for greater prosperity in the future.' The list of stations, as prepared by the Com- mittee, was read for the first time. An interchange of deputations in the colonies was considered desirable, as preparing the way for a closer union, and ultimately for an ex- change of ministers at the annual District Meetings. In the evening a sermon was preached by th« Rev. C. Tresise, subject—'Self- consecration to God.' Text— Romans xii. 1. After remarking that there are several stages or degrees in Christian experience, from the beginning of spiritual life to the elevated position of perfect love, he dwelt at length on the nature and necessity of self -consecration to Christ and His cause. Time, talents, health, strength, wealth, and influence, in short all the powers of the body, mind, and soul, he said, should be given to God, for the promotion of His glory and the benefit of humanity. This should be done, because belonging to God He has a perfect and indispu- table right to do with man as He pleases. Paul gave himself as a sacrifice to God, and Christians now should do the same as ministers and mem- bers of Christ's Church. This self- consecration might be difficult, but it must be done without hesitation and without reserve. The sacrifice must be a living one in contradistinction to the Jewish sacrifices under the Mosaic dispensation ; which had to be killed before being offered. It must also be holy and acceptable, presented with motives pure and disin- terested. He then spoke on the mercies of God as an argument to induce men to personal dedication, referring to the various manifesta- tions of God's love, especially in the sublime work of redemption, as a sufficient reason why the hearers should surrender their all un- reservedly to God. It was Btated to be roason able to do so, because it was God's will, in Christ Jesus, concerning man, and because it would promote present and eternal happiness. The service was concluded with singing and prayer. Third Day: Friday, February 28. A prayer meeting was held in Young-street Chapel preparatory to the commencement of business. The Stations were read a second and third time, and finally settled as follows:— Adelaide, O. Lake and J. Way; Kooringa, T. Hillman; Gawler, J. Rock and J. Ashton (Chair- man of the District); Kapunda, W. Richards and W. Long ; Auburn, T. Piper and C. Tresise; Clarendon, J. Steyel ; Mount Torrens, H. Mason: Yankalilla, J. Foster; Port Elliot, W. W. Finch: Mount Lofty, J. Ridclift; Bowden, T. Allen;' Riverton, J. Thome; Kadina, J. Hancock and R. Kelley; Port Augusta, T. McNeil; Robe and Mount Gambier, J. Dingle and J. A. Burns; Wellington, to be supplied; Port Wakefield, R. Lang; Northern Areas, to be supplied. The correspondence from the English Con- ference was read by the Secretary. Among the intelligence it was reported that the Rev. John Thorne, son of the late Rev. James Thome, was on his way from England as an additional minister to this colony. In the evening a very interesting meeting was convened, at which the ministers and represen- tatives' related their Christian experience. A most gracious influence pervaded the assembly. All the speakers expressed themselves as being fully resolved to live to Christ, and to labour with renewed zeal and diligence in His service. Fourth Day: Saturday, March 1. The Rev. T. Piper offered prayer. Several items of business pertaining to finance were disposed of. The following resolution was introduced and passed unanimously:— 'That we gratefully record our thanks to S. J. Way, Esq., Q.C., and Dr. Campbell for their liberal donations towards meeting the expenses of bringing additional ministers from England to this colony, and for their generous activity in soliciting help from other persons. And we would not less gratefully record our thankful- ness to those ladies and gentlemen whose response to that appeal raised so handsome a sum.' In answer to a telegram sent to the Victorian District Meeting, then assembled, on the subject of interchange of ministers in the colonies, an answer reciprocating the sentiments embodied was received. The sittings adjourned at half-past 1 p.m. till Monday morning, 10 a.m. Three sermons were preached on Sunday, March 2, in Young-street Chapel, on behalf of the City Manse. The Rev. Thomas McNeil preached in the morning from Zechariah, 4th chapter, 6th verse. In the afternoon the Rev. R. Kelley took for his text Proverbs, 11th chapter, 30th verse. In the evening the Rev. R. Kelley again occupied the pulpit, and preached from John, 3rd chapter, 14th and 15th verses. The congregations were very good, and the evening service especially was a season of great refreshing from the presence ef the Lord, Fifth Day: Monday, March 3. The sittings were resumed at 10 o'clock. Prayer was offered by the Rev. W. Richards. The subject of trustees having power to sell trust properties was discussed in Committee, resulting in requesting the English Conference to grant permission to the Chairman and Secre tary of this District to sign the necessary docu ments consenting to thesale of properties deemed necessary by any succeeding District Meeting. The Chapel Secretary presented his report, by which ic was shown that £3,783 14a. lid. had been raised for chapel purposes ; that £1,202 19s. lid. of the aggregate debt had been paid off ; and that nearly £200 had been voted from the different funds towards the support of the ministry during the year, It was also stated that three new chapels had been erected, and that nearly all the chapels were in very favourable circumstances. A vote of thanks was given to the Chapel Secretary for his valuable services during the year. The ac counts of the book-room were reported, show ing this department to be in a healthy con dition, reflecting groat credit on the labours of the Book Steward, the Rev. J. Way, who was re- elected Editor and Book Steward for the en suing year. The South Australian Preachers' Fund was submitted, showing that it had been augmented during tne year by £110 13s. lOd. The amount stated to be in the fund at present is £970^ which was considered very satisfactory. A public tea was provided in the schoolroom m the evening, which was well attended. After tea a public meeting was held in the chapel. The Rev. J. Ashton (Chairman of the District) presided, who conducted the service in a humorous manner. He stated that it was with great pleasure he looked forward to the [sittings of the District Meeting. Ho had attended 30 of such meetings during his mini sterial life— 15 of them in England, and 15 in this colony. The Rev. T. Hillman first addressed the meeting, dwelling at some length on mission work in the South-East, where he had been labouring during the last three years. He re ferred to spiritual good which had been done by the agency employed, and considered that there was much room and a great necessity for putting forth strenuous efforts to extend the influences of Christianity in that part of the oolony. The Rev. J. Hancock then spoke, the subject of his address being ' Christ Jesus, and Him crucified.' The world's Redeemer, he said, should be the sum and substance of every sermon. All needed a Saviour. Man had totally fallen— had become a complete wreck, beyond all human possibility of recovery. God, however, had devised and brought into opera tion the great, grand, glorious plan of salvation by the atonement of Christ, and all might be brought into the enjoyment of this salvation by repentance and faith m the Saviour. The Rev. R. Kelley was next introduced to the meeting. He said he felt quite at home among his brethren and friends in South Australia, and desired to express his determination to labour for the salvation of souls. He r/as more at home in the pulpit and in the prayer meeting than on the platform, but was willing to work anywhere and at any time to benefit a fallen world. Mission work was his peculiar delight. He had been on mission stations in England, and had seen much good accomplished. It was his wish still to labour for God, and he was persuaded that by the blessing of Heaven and the prayers of the Church the ensuing year would be a year of great spiritual prospsnty. The choir added considerably to the interest of the meeting by rendering several pieces. The receipts on behalf of the masse amounted to about £17. Votes of thanks to the choir and Chairman, followed by singing and prayer, concluded a pleasant meeting. Sixth Day: Tuesday, March 4. The Rev. T. Allen offered prayer. The financial state of the minister's residence in the city was submitted, and passed. The subject of the Ministers' Children's Fund was discussed, as to changing the mode of its maintenance and support, and it was ultimately resolved to refer its consideration to the District Committee, for the purpose of devising an improved scheme, to be submitted to the next District Meeting. The financial state of the various stations was examined, and grants from the Church Exten sion Fund were voted to some missions needing assistance, bo far as the said fund would admit. The meeting adjourned at 4 o'clock for the purpose ef acceding to the kind invitation given to its members by Mr. J. Pellew, of Norwood, to take tea and spend the evening at his residence. Seventh Day: Wednesday, March 5. The sittings commenced at the usual time. Prayer was offered by the Rev. J. Ridclift. The Beneficent and Chapel Funds came under review, and were voted strictly connexional objects needing assistance. The balance of the book-room was also disbursed. The District Committee was appointed as follows : — The Revs. J. Ashton (Chairman), W. Richards (Secretary), J. Way, T. Allen, T. Piper, O. Lake, Dr. Campbell, and Mr. E. Gouid. The Stationing Committee as appointed is as follows:— Revs. J. Ashten, J. Way, T. Allen, J. Hancock, T. Hillman, T. Piper, and W. Richards. The Committee to examine the young men on probation for the ministry con sists of the Revs. T. Piper, R. Lang, and O. Lake. The following ministers were appointed .Sit f - — * ilTf.WT missionary deputations :— Adelaido, J. Thorne; f Kooringa, C. Tresise; Gawler, T. Allen and 0. Lake; Kapunda, J. Rock ; Auburn. T. Hill man; Clarendon, W. W. Finch; Mount Torrens, J. Way; Yankalilla, J. Stoyel; Port Elliot, J. Ridelift; Mount Lofty, T.' Allen; Bowdea, J. Aahton; Kadina, J. Ashton. Votes of thanks were accorded to the Chairman (Rev. J. Ashton), the Secretary (Rev. W. Richards), the Assistant Secretaries (Revs. T. Piper and C. Tresise), and the Reporter (Rev. J. t osier); as also to the ministers who preached during the District Meeting. The ladies and gentlemen who attended to the provision department were also thanked for the active and cheerful service which they had rendered. The minutes of the meeting having been read and confirmed, the sittings were concluded by prayer and the benediction. South Australian Female Refuge. The report of the annual meeting of this institution, which appears below, shows that the Committee are prosecuting their good work in an unostentatious manner, and, as compared with the means at their disposal, with apparently very satis factory results. It is a deplorable fact that that form of vice known as the social evil has attained to huge proportions in the city— not more huge, perhaps, as compared with the population, than in other cities of Australia, but etill large enough to awaken the grave concern of the moral and benevolent portions of the community. It is not necessary to enlarge upon the various ways in which the ranki of street-walkers are re plenished, Mi perhaps in South Australia there are special circumstances tending to promote this form of vice. The absence irom many homes of proper restraint ind training, and the unwatched liberty illowed to girls too young to hare learnt liacretion, may often be the cause of im proper intimacies, which lead to the saddest jonsequences. The factory Bystem now ixtending in the colony, although an impor tant indication of manufacturing progress, is said already to be increasing the number of our social outcasts. At any rate, there is danger of its doing so. The work is com paratively light, and attracts a great number Df young girls, who are thrown much together without any effective moral super vision. Amongst so many there are pretty sure to be some of doubt ful purity, whose example under the surroundings of factory life spreads con tagion. The wages are not high, while the love of tlress is sure to develop unhealthily. The practice of girls under such circum stances taking rooms and living together without the protection of a staid companion is also decidedly dangerous. In these aspects Df the position of numbers of females amongst us there are certainly grave elements of temptation, which not a few of them prove unable to withstand. Sheer thoughtles3nea3, or companionship with those who have taken the first step in a career of immorality, often leads girls not sufficiently under parental control into vicious habits. The first care of the philanthropic should be to endea vour to check the evil at its source — to place safeguards around, and elevate the moral tone of, the class so peculiarly liable to be led astray from the paths of virtue. In this respect much more ought to be done than is at present attempted ; bat the fact that one sphere of usefulness is too much neglected is no reflection upon those who are labouring with zeal and assiduity in another sphere, and affords no reason why their efforts should not enlist the hearty support of the public. Seeing that the streets are filled with unfortunates— many of whom have erred from heedlessness or have fallen a prey to the dissolute — it is highly de sirable that a home Bhould exist in which those outcasts who have become weary of their life of degradation and desire de liverance from it will be welcomed and encouraged to enter upon a more reputable course. Such institutions have gladdened many a home by restoring an erring daughter to its circle, have rescued many a poor unfortunate from a career of confirmed viciousness, and reclaimed even some of the lowest of the low from their life of wretchedness to the path of honest industry. The South Australian Female Refuge is doing what it can in this direction. With singularly limited means it yet accomplishes a, fair measure of practical good. The total contributions for the past year only amounted to £261 14s. Id., a sum supplemented by £149, which is stated to be the value of work done by the inmates. This application of the self - supporting principle is a commendable feature in the management. It is wise to teach the girls to work, not only because the knowledge they thus acquire will be of service to them when they leave the Home, but also because the discipline is itself helpful to reformation. In spite of its scanty income the Refuge has admitted, or readmitted during the twelve months as many as 46 females, making with seven whe were in the Home at the commencement of 1872 a total of 53. Of these, 24 were provided with situations, three were received by their relations, and one was married. Five left at their own desire, three sent to the Destitute Asylum, and three to the Hospital left without notice to the Matron. Two thirds are thus reckoned as the number actually benefited. It is to be regretted that the report does not give fuller particulars a3 to the subsequent conduct of this proportion. We suppose that interest is taken in the girls, and that a kind of friendly supervision is exercised over their career, after they have quitted the Home. If in future reports further information were supplied as to the permanency of the reformation accom plished it would add materially to their interest and value. In the meanwhile we regret to see that the expenditure found to be necessary of about £195 on the building at Norwood has left the Committee £98 in debt. Considering the laudableness of the object the institution is founded to serve, the apathy of the public and of the Churches towards it is surprising. We join with several of the speakers at the public meeting in commending the Refuge to the practical sympathy of the benevolent, and trust that the appeal made for further and more systematic assistance will be promptly and widely responded to. Report of the Meeting. The annual meeting of the subscribers to the South Australian Female Refuge was held at the Stow Church Schoolroom on Tuesday evening. The Mayor of Adelaide presided, and thore were present, amongst others, the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, the Revs. C. B. Symes, B.A., T. Jame3, Canon Farr, M.A., W. P. Wells, B.A., and Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M. The Rev. C. B. Symes opened tha proceedings with prayer. The Mayor remarked that they had reason to be satisfied with the progress that had been made during the past year. He certainly saw that the Society owed £98, but this had been laid out in a substantial way in building, and added greatly to the comfort of the inmates, and he thought that there would be little diffi culty in making up the amount. Mr. G. W. Hawkes, Hon. Treasurer, read the following annual report: — 'Durag the past year the work of the insti tution has been processing satisfactorily, and attended with a similar amount of success as that shown m last year's report. 'It is a cause for thankfulness that with ao small an annual contribution from the whole colony as £2bl 14a. Id., the Society has been able to effect so much in reclaiming those who have gone astray, and ameliorating the condi tion of penitents, by restoring them to their friends or placing them in positions to earn an honest livelihood. The work of tu» Refugt could not have been carried on but for the self supporting principle which it enforces and which has helped to sustain the inmates in years past. The value of the work done by the inmates during the year ending 31st December, 1872, amounts to £149. ' This Society does not profess to be able to extinguish vice; it seeks,* nevertheless, to pro tect the community from some of its direful consequences, and to counteract the misery necessarily resulting from it. 'Your Committee venture to congiatulate those subscribers who for many years have 6teadily supported the Refuge by their contri butions at the measure of success which it has pleased God to grant them; at the same time they are keenly sensible that the general Christian public has not helped to carry on the institution with the zeal and liberality they had a right to expect. The establishment has from time to time been carried on solely oa the per sonal liability of individuals. The subscribers' list shows enly 112 names, exclusive of two Christian Churches, which have helped the Society this year by collections from their con gregations, viz., Chalmers Church, £9 93. 8d.; and Ben tham- street Chapel, £5 2s. 6d. 'The financial year, commencing 1st January, 1872, showed a balance of £55 15s. lOd. to the credit of the Refuge. This credit was occasioned by a special effort made during the previous year to raise funds for additions and repairs to the building at Nerwood. A sum of £194 5s. lid. has been expended this year in replacing weatherboard by brick walls, covering roof with iron (thereby effecting a saving in insurance of £2 5s. annually), fencing round the house, mending ceilings, repairing and painting walls, providing tanks for rain water, and making, culverts and drains— all which work was very much needed for the comfort and durability of the premises. We have to acknowledge with thanks the gifts of Mr. & T. Smith, M.P., and Mr. W. K. Simms, M.P., who each gave an iron tank. After the expenditure above-mentioned a balance remains due to the Treasurer of £98 4s. 2d., as shown by the accounts annexed. ' A sum of £40 could be spent with much advantage in covering verandah, providing Venetian blinds, and ventilating the cellar. 'The following figures show the operations of the Society for 12 months ending 31st December, 1872:— In house at date of last report, exclusive of two children, 7; admitted or readmitted during the year ending 31st December, 1872, 46; total, 53; provided with rituations, 24; received by their relations, 3; married 1; total, 28=§. Left at their own desire, 5; sent to the Destitute Asylum, 3; gone to the Hospital, 3; left without notice to Matron, 3; total, 14=4. At present in the house, exclusive of one child, 11; total 53. ' The Matron's monthly report affords evi dence of careful supervision. The Committee have pleasure in again assuring the subscribers of their entire confidence in her discretion and management. ' The thanks of the Committee are especially tendered to Mr. Benson, whose kind, thought ful, and readily given gratuitous professional services have ever been a material aid to the Society. To the Ministers who have kindly given weekly services, to the Auditors, to tho Ladies' Committee and visitors especially, who have read and conversed with the inmates, as well as those friends who have encouraged them in the work at the Norwood House, the Com mittee tender their most sincere thanks. ' Lastly, your Committee would urge upon all who read this report to become annual sub scribers, if they have not been hitherto. They appeal in behalf of fallen women, often victims of misfortune and deceit. They ask for aid to be enabled to take home the weary and peni tent. Before the institution was opened a fallen sister might call forth an expression of sorrow and the gift of a few shillings ; but there was no place to shelter her, forlorn or contrite though she might be: Every thoughtful colonist —every Christian householder— ought to help for conscience sake, as well as for tho social good of the community. We hope the reproach will never be justly cast on the prosperous classes of South Australia by any ' unfortunate' — 'I had no place to^flee unto, and no man cared for my soul.' 'Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy.' ' The Rev. C. B. Symes moved the adoption of the report and accounts, and that the docu ments be printed and circulated. He expressed pleasure in being again associated with a work with which he had had much to do when in England. The work itself he knew was often challenged by the sceptic, and spoken against as being a waste of labour by persons of a sincere character. But they did not spoak truly, as ho knew that there were very many cases intwhich the persons who had been rescued from the path of sin had not again fallen. He knew that all dealt with were not the innocent victims of vice on the part of others of the opposite sex, but still at the same time the success which attended the Society with many was great. As our Master had come to seek and save that which was lost, they should be cheored on in their work, and not allow them selves to fear the result in consequence of tho degraded state of those who called for their efforts. He did not think it was to be expected that an institution where untrained persons were cared for could be self-supporting; but ho was very much pleased that so much wa3 done towards this end. Ho was also glad to see that sc many as 24 inmates had been placed out in situations. The plan of getting rid of persons received after a short stay was not adopted in England, but perhaps in this colony it was well suited tQ the circumstances of the country,' and he was glad to see the result. He called upon those Chris tian families who were in a position to do 89, asking them to take the servants from the Refuge and give them one by one a chance of repairing their condition, and under their' guidance getting back to the paths of virtue. In conclusion, he called upon all present to pledge themselves to renewed efforts in tho work. The Rev. W. P. Wells seconded the motion, and expressed the pleasure he felt when he came to Adelaide some months ago to find that an institution of this kind was in a prosperous condition here. In the city from which he came, where an institution of the kind was much wanted, there was then none. There was a Ladies' Committee, who took it upon them to go round and visit the fallen, and the work had been attended with satisfactory results. He was glad to hear a few weeks since that Sand hurst—the place he had referred to— had at last got its Refuge. He was glad to see tho success which had attended th» efforts of the Refuge institution for the past year, inasmuch as each fallen woman who was reclaimed was taken out of the way of others as a tempta tion, as well as being raised from the path of sin herself. The advantages of the working of such a Society as this were very great. It was an awful thing when young men became tempted by fallen women and fell into their companionship, as thereby the chiefest domestic ties were overturned and cast to nought; and it was a far more awful thing when the girls of a family were tempted by them, as was often the case. Their labour* were tending towards the eradication of these evils, and looking at the matter in its religious aspect they were saving souls as they took the unfortunates from their sinful courjes. The resolution was then carried. Archdeacon Marryat proposed— ' That it is the duty of all who desire to counteract the miseries resulting from the evil which the institution has been established to prevent to give their hearty co-operation to homea of refuge and penitentiaries. He agreed with the previous speaker that this question should be principally looked upon in its religious aspect. The teaching of our Lord Jesus Christ showed us that tho work was one of the most worthy that could be attempted. They had not only, he theught, to seek and save those who were lost, but also to be ready with a home when those who had fallen desired to return to paths of rectitude. When one of these was ready to return from her evil ways no Christian would refuse help. He mentioned the case which had given rise to the establishment of the Refuge, and stated a case which had come under his own eyes, which showed the great ne cessity for their institution. They could not expect much success, but he saw by the report that two-thirds of those who had been received still remained. He came to the meeting with feelings of sorrow at the small number of persona who supported the institution. Sixteen yean ago, to judge from the letters to the newspapers, nothing was wanted but to com na&aoe; thia work in order t» b»v» tht MiitftaAM if every man and woman in the colony, and now io found ' every man and woman in the colony' lad dwindled down to 1 1 2 persons. The Rev. Canon Farr said it should be re nembered that those who came to the institution rere of two kinds. Some who came were guilty -f but their first fault, and had a child perhaps n their arms. In such a condition it was hard or them to get on of themselves, and so they same to the Refuge while they had no ntention of going again upon the path -f crime. It was because so many of theae jeeple were amongst those dealt with that so nany of the total number were reclaimed, and ;hat the institution paid so much of its own lupport. He joined in the indignation felt by ;he Archdeacon at the talk that had besn dealt n at the commencement of the work, and the -mall number wh» now were carrying it out. But he had grown oldj and looked upon this as ;he general result in the establishment of :baritable institutions. He considered that nuch could be done outside the institution by adies, though ministers could- not assist largely; rod he called upon Christian women to come forward and join in the work, so as to obviate the necessity for many going into the Refuge at ill. He thought that much could be done in private households in preventing the spread of the immorality which* they had to deal with, md expressed his regret at the sights he hid seen on a Sunday evening in Rundle-street a year ago. He had seen crowds there of both sexes conducting themselves in a most deplorable itjle, and amongst them many who were he doubted not servants ia families or connected with the factories of the city. He seconded the resolution. Carried. The Rev. T. James moved— 'That the South Australian Female Refuge is- deserving the confidence and support of the people of this province, and that it is desirable to make increased efforts to extend its useful ness.' He was sorry that the popular interest taken in this institution was of so limited a character, but thought that which was entertained made up in its kind for its want of comprehensiveness. He could not think the institution would fail so long as its Secretary (Mr. Hawkes), who had done so much for it. continued in his office; and be thought a good deal was due to the Press for the manner in which it had come forward on the subject year by year. He spoke of the deep distress of those whom the Refuge principally invited from the streets, and considered that even where it was hidden the most completely, it was felt the deepest, and wrought the greatest evils. Pointing to the action of our Lord while on earth in alleviating distress without 1 -oking upon the sin which accompanied it, he called upon all to follow the example in the present work. Mr. James Whytk seconded, remarking that it would be well that the work of the Society should be brought more than it was before the public. This could be done by holding a meeting every half-year. The resolution was adopted. Mr. M. MacDermott moved the next pro position, which was to the effect — '* That the thanks of the meeting be tendered to the Committee for the past year, and that the Committee for the ensuing year be— The Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Very Rev. Dean Russell, the Revs. J. L. Parsons, G. H. Farr, C. B. Symes, J. Lyall, W. W. Ewbank, 0. Lake, J. Henderson, J. Davidson, and T. James, Dr. A. Campbell, Messrs. G. F. Angas, H. Hussey, W. K. Thomas, R. W. Moore, H. Giles, C. B. Young, Jas. Smith, Jas. Scott, N. Blyth, J. Colton. W. S. Douglas, and G. W. Hawkes, Hon. Secretary and Treasurer.' Mr. C. B. Young seconded. Carried. A vote of thanks to the Mayor for presiding was moved by Mr. Hawkeb, also one to the Minister of the Church and the Trustees for the use of the room in which the meeting had been held. The motion having been oarried, the proceedings closed after the; singing of the doxology. The Adelaide Almshouses. The first meeting of subscribers to the pro posed Almshousea at North Adelaide was held in the Church Office, Leigh-street, on Monday afternoon, March 24. There was a good atten dance, principally of ladies. The Ven. Arch deacon Marryat presided; and Mrs. Gawler, the Honorary Secretary, read the report, which was as follows: — ' Tho object the Committee have in view in asking for subscriptions for almshouses may at first sight appear unsuitable to the circumstances of such a colony as this, where poverty is not expected. Perhaps only those who by district visiting become acquainted with the necessities of the aged and infirm and of widows can find out how important it is to provido homos for them when they are past work, and have otherwise no alternative but the Destitute Asylum. Such homes are especially needed by those who have known better days. It is proposed to begin by building two homes, containing two rooms each, and forming part of the plan now before tho mtetinp. Acre 1035 has been purchased in Lower North Adelaide as a site, at a cost of £130, which sum was reduced by some of the proprietors having kindly returned the value of their shares. There ia now in hand £210 12s. 7d. ; but as in consequonce of the increased cost of building the contract exceeds the sum, the Committee intend waiting until tho subscrip tions for the present year are paid in, so that no debt may be incurred. The Committee beg to remind the public that all inmate3 of the homes are elected by votes given by sub scribers, half a guinea entitling to one vote, one guinea to two votes, and every additional guinea to another vote up to five votes, which is the limit. The Committee beg to return I their thanks to Mr. Cullen for his kindness in : drawfng the title-deeds; also to Mr. Garlick, who has given his assistance by preparing a plau of the proposed buildings.' The Archdeacon then read a financial state ment, showing that up to the date at which the account was made up the subscriptions and donations amounted to £344 11s. 7d. Tbe cost of tbe ground at North Adelaide had been £130, and that of printing the rules £3 19a., making a total of £133 19s., leaving a balance in the Savings Bank of £210 12s. 7d. A few pounds had since come in, making up the sum in hand to £216 16s. 7d. The Rev. W. W. Ewbank, M.A., moved that the report and accounts be adopted. Be re marked that at first it might be imagined that an institution of this kind was not much re quired; Lut he was satisfied that those who had looked more deeply into the matter had become convinced that it was very desirable for the assistance of persons who had grown old and infirm, and who it might be had seen better days, and were now reduced to poverty. He did not think that the field of their operations was a very small one when the fewness of the population was considered, and at present infirm people who were reduced to poverty had no place to go to but the Destitute Asylum if we had no private institutions. The scheme in this case had been well planned, and strict economy seemed to have been maintained. He thought they might hope soon to see the almshouses in working order. Mrs. Cooper seconded the motion. Carried. The rules for the management of the aims houses were then read and adopted. These rules showed that the object of tha movement is to provide homes for aged and infirm poor and for widows, each building to consist as a rule of two rooms. The inmates are to be elected by the subscribers. The donor of £100 or sufficient funds to erect two rooms is to be allowed to nominate during his lifetime one occupant. Corporate bodies or congregations are to have a similar privilege on payment of £125, or the cost of building two rooms and the value of the land, Arc The homes are to be under the management of a Committee of eleven ladies and three gentlemen, to be elected annually at a general meetitg of subscribers. A Committee was appointed consisting of Mesdames A. Blyth, Marryat, Hay, Hart, R. Stuckey, J. Scott, Parsons, Gawler (Hon. Sec), Farr, Haining, Miss McMinn, the Hon. A. Blyth, the Veuerable Archdeacon Marryat, and Mr. R. Stuckey. Archdeacon Marryat, in closing the busines?, explained that it was intended to build two rooms each year if possible, so as to give suit able people who now had heary house-rent to pay a place to live in. They would for their keep require to depend on private charity, which would 1* sufficient, he thought, for the purpose, One important feature of (he move* sent was that it was purely unsectarianj and i he persons to live in the houses would be elected in all instances having regard to the lecessities of the case. It was intended to wait ill the subscriptions for this year came in, and hen to commence the work of building. When wo cottages were erected an election for omates would take place. The proceedings then terminated. Church of England. Reopening of Christchurch, North Ade aide. — For about four months Christchusca as been closed for repairs, and morning nd evening service has been conducted in he spacious schoolroom opposite. The needful epairs and alterations are now completed, and be church was reopened on Sunday, March 2. 'he Rev. W. W. Ewbank preached in the lorning to a large congregation, and the Lord iishop of Adelaide delivered an appropriate j ermon in the evening, when the building was j rowded. There was a noticeable improvement i a the acouBtic properties of the church, and the j arious alterations have added greatly to the eauty of the edifice. The new ceiling is level ri£h the collar-ties, lined with herringbone natch-boarding, and divided at intervals with egmental ribs moulded on the under edge3, laving open spandrels filled in with tracery.. ?he ribs rest on wall pieces supported by dwarf ?olumns, with moulded capitals and ornamental losses at the foot. Between the main ribs the ailing is subdivided into panels, having amal'e ibs, with drops at the intersections. The ower part of the ceiling is finished with, a lornice. There are 10 ornamental ventilators in he ceiling, with large iron tubes carried into a landsome turret over the apsis, constructed for. he purpose of ventilating the church, as well as tllow the hot air to escape between the ceiling md roof. The height of the upper surfaoe of j he new ceiling is 35 fe6t. The whole of he interior has been thoroughly reno vated, and has a very pleasing effect. Dhe whole of the chancel and transepts are now )laced in a cradle of iron, but this has been so | irtistically done that no trace of the work is risible. The ribs to which the ceiling is ittached are of New Zealand pine varnished. ! Chey present a light appearance,* and set off the ? natch boarding, which is painted a light grey. Fhe organ only having arrived was not placed in position, but will be ready for use in a short j ;ime. The sounding-board has bean removed ! rom above the pulpit, and the pulpit itself j shifted a short distance up the church, so that j ;he minister may ke seen from the northern jhancel. At the doors leading to- the transepts j lew porches have been constructed. The | ouilding now looks much larger than it did in j its former condition. Consecration to Priest's Orders.— At Dhristchurch on Sunday, March 9, the Rev. J. D. Haynes, long known in connection with St. Peter's College as a pupil and teacher, had priest's orders conferred upon him by the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. The cere mony took place at the morning service, and tbe usual formalities were gone through. After the candidate for the superior degree had been presented to the Bishop by the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat the litany was said with the special portions included which are set apart for these occasions. The Bishop afterwards delivered an exhortation upon the duties of the office of him who came forward to be admitted a priest, urging the necessity of the order, and pointing out how the priests should be received by the people. He took his text from 1 Corinthians, iv., 1, 2, and part of the 4th verse. The Com munion Service, with an Epistle and Gospel, was then said, after which the special address contained in the Prayer-Book for the occasion was read by the Bishop. The questions usually asked of candidates having been answered, His Lordship, with the candidate and people, sang the ' Veni Creator Spiritus,' the ministers and people singing alternate lines. The ceremony was then closed by the Bishop, the Archdeacon, and the Rev. Francis Williams laying on hands. The communion service was finished when tho portion of the congregation not intending to communicate had left the Church. The Rev. J. C. Haynes had a large portion of his edu cation at St. Peter's Collegiate School, but finished his studies at the Dublin University, where he gained a senior scholarship. Rev. Canon Dove. — Amongst the passengers for England by the ship Collingrove, were the Rev. Canon Dove and family. Mr. Dove has left for a visit to the old country to enjoy the change and rest to which twelve years of active work in this colony have fairly entitled him. It is his intention to return and resume his incumbency in WalkerviUe at the eu4 of eighteen months, Previous to his departure a numerous body of his congregatioa met to bid their pastor farewell. In a brief address Mr. Dove's integrity of character and zealous labours in the Church were feelingly acknowledged, and the warm wishes of the congregation were pro nounced for his intended voyage and safe return. A purse of sovereigns, the gift of the congrega tion, was then handed to the Rev. Canon, and a short reply, alluding to the proposed trip, and expressive of his gratitude and attachment to the people of WalkerviUe, closed the proceed ings. During Mr. Dove's absence the Rev. H. J. Poolo will discharge the duties of his cure. Wesleyan. Laying the Foundation- Stone of a New Schoolroom in Halifax-street.— On the afternoon of Thursday, the 13th instant, a number of people assembled at the site of a new schoolroom about to be erected in Halifax street to witness the interesting ceremony of laying the corner-stone by His Worship the May or of Adelaide (Mr. A. H. F. Bartels). A platform had been erected, and was, together with the surrounding scaffolding, gaily deco rated with flags. Upon the platform were the Mayor of Adelaide, the Revs. T. James, W. P. Wells, aiJd Hans Mack, and Messrs, J, J, Bo^Ia M. fl. Madge, and J. Dungey. When a hymn) in which the assemble joined, had been sung, a prayer offered Up oj the Rev. Hans Mack, and the 144th Psalm read by the Rev. W. P. Wells, the Rev. T. James said that the enter prise was undertaken to supply a lack arising from the withdrawal by the proprietor, at a very short notice, of the room hitherto used as a Sabbath-school in Harriet- street. Cer toin gentlemen, chiefly connected with the Draper Memorial Church, had decided upon building these new premises, to be used as a Sabbath-school, a day-school, and for chapel meetings. He was sure the movement would meet with as much support from the general public as they had any right to expect, for no good object with such a threefold recommenda tion would be allowed to fall to the ground. The promoters were deeply grateful to the Chief Magistrate in that he had found time amid his multifarious duties to come amongst them that afternoon. Mr. Dungey said the bottle placed beneath the foundation-stone contained a copy of the daily papers and a document, a copy of which he read as follows: — ' The foundation-stone of this building (for a Sabbath-school) was laid according to the forms and ceremonies of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, by His Worship the Mayor of Ade laide, A. H. F. Bartels, Esq., on the 13th of March, in the year of our Lord, 1873, and in the 37th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria; Sir Richard Davies Hanson (Chief Justice), Acting Governor of the colony; Rev. Thomas Williams, President of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Con ference; Rev. W. L. Binks, Chairman of the South Australian District; the ministers of the First Adelaide Circuit— Revs. Thomas James (Superintendent), Hans Majk, A. J. Bogle. Building Committee— Edward Alcock, Robert Davey. George Evans, Alfred Gully, H. Jame3, Thos. Beach, Henry Osman, Vivian Thomas, Henry Broadbent, Alex. Dobbie,John Henry GartrelL, James Hanton, William Langsford, Ben., Matthew Henry Madge, George Sampsen, William Broadbent, Thos. Driver, Jamei Gilbert, Waltei Hanton, Wm. Langsford, jun., Alfred Odgers, William Thomas; Geo. Thos. Taylor, Treasurer; John Dungey, Secretary.' The stone was then formally laid by His Wor ship the Mayor, who said he had much pleasure in performing the honourable duty of laying the foundation-stone of a building which, though outwardly insignificant, would be second to none in the importance of the work to be car ried on withia it He complimented the promoters of the undertaking upon their success so far, and expressed a wish that their object might bo realised to the fullest extent. The noblest gift we could bestow upon our children was a sound education based upon religion, as that was tho surest means of carrying a man safely through life. The school to be built would be particu larly adrAfttAgeovj to that part of the city, waero ' fc was much needed. His Worship concluded -y fcaying, ' May God bless the children to be iducated here as well as those who have initiated bis good work.' While a collection was being nado Mr. Councillor Madge made a short peech, in which he said that from £70 to £80 lad already been promised. (Applause.) But hat was only a small amount compared with vhat was required. He had also received a etter from the Rev. Samuel Knight, of Wal aroo, promising £10 on account of ! Mr. Thomas iVaterhouse, and that 10 per ceat. interest vould be given on all that could be raised above £200. That was a special reason why they ihould hasten to subscribe towards the amount, yhich he urged those present to do. The Xev. T. Jame3 thanked the members of the Press for their attendance and help. He took ;hat opportunity of saying that in all his expe ience, and he had travelled about a good deal, le had never seen a more thoroughly reputable, lelpful, and respectable Press than lie found in he City of Adelaide. (Hear, hear.) Mr. James hen proposed three cheers for-the Mayor, which * ere heartily given, and the Mayor having made us acknowledgments the proceedings termi mted. The building will be 40 ft. long by 20 ft. vide in the clear inside, and 16 ft. high. It is a be built of Glen Osmond stone, in a plain ityle, with gable ends. The- total expenditure »ill be limited to £500. The builder is Mr. r. S. Rule. Bazaar.— On Thursday, March 13, an exten ive fancy sale was opened in the Temperance Jail, Mount Barker, and as the Agricultural show near by had attracted an immense mmber ef visitors from the outlying districts he bazaar so far participated in the benfiets ikely to arise from such a large gathering of )leasure-seekers that ths room was crowded ;o excess. The walls were hung with flags and irreaths arranged with much taste, and a arge toy-laden, flag-bedizened Christmas tree idded greatly to the effect. The articles )ffered for sale were in most cases far above the iverage of fancy goods, and every care ap peared to have been bestowed upon their selection. The stalls were distinguished by the names of the districts or townships from whence the various offerings came, and were presided aver by the following ladies who had their work to do in supplying the constant streams of customers:— Woodside Stall— Mesdames Perkins, Fenton, and the Misses Perkins and Fenton. Mount Barker stall— Mesdames Lee and the Misses Barker, Bollen, Walkorn, and Hendry; Littlehampton Stall— Mesdames M. Wilson, Willis, Coppin, and Squires; Macclesfield Stall — Misses Albert, Pilben, and E. McFarlane; Nairne and Echunga Stall— Mesdames Renfrey, Timmins, Parsons, and Dunn. The refreshment stall was in charge of Misses Horner, M. Lee, J. Barker, and E. Bollen ; and the Christmas tree occupied the attention of Misse3 Lang, Willing, E. Walkorn, and Daniel. The proceeds are to be devoted to the liquidation of the Mount Barker Wesleyan Circuit debt. Roman Catholic. Thb Poman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide. —The Irish Harp now says:— 'We have at length received information concerning the appointment of a successor to the late Dr. Shiel, which there is good reason for believing to be authentic. It is stated, on the authority of the Professors of Kilkenny College, that the appointment has been conferred upon Dr. Cleary, a Professor of Waterford College. He is a comparatively young man, being about 45 years of age, and he is reported by those who have heard him to be an eloquent preacher. A priest of this city, who was formerly a pupil under him, informs us that lie is a man of pro found learning and of studious habits, and thinks it likely that he will easily succeed in winning the affections of the Catholio3 of this diocese.' Roman Catholic Presbytery.— At Gawler a successful bazaar held recently in aid of the Building Fund of the priest's house produced about £300. Arrival of Jesuit Fathers.— The two Jesuit Fathers, Earlinger and Niebauer, who were expected by the last mail, arrived by the steamer City of Melbourne on Monday evening, and at once proceeded to Norwood, where one of them will be permanently stationed as an assis tant to Father Tappeiner. Miscellaneous. German Thanksgiving Festival.— An Ernte* Fest took place at Freeling on March 13. Hopes and fears had been expressed about the weather, but the most fastidious must have been pleased with the delightful morning that pre sented itself, sufficiently warm, and with light winds fanning the people. In the afternoon dust was blown about, and this slightly promoted the absorption of driukables. The Committee of M anagement provided a bill of fare for the enter tainment of their expected visitors. It inoluded a procession from the Freeling Hotel to the site selected for the games, an oration by the Rev. Dr. C. Muecke, a dinner at Kruger & Co.'s wheat store, sports, and ball. The services of the Kapunda Band, under the leadership of Mr. H. Came, were engaged, so that the strains of harmony were not wanting. The place of gathering, the upper part of Hanson-street, Freeling-, was enlivened with flags, and a triumptal arch was erected across the road bearing the word 'Welcome.' The Festplatz was a portion of the unoccupied grounds of the town near Mr. French's paddock, roped off and planted with pines. A platform decorated with evergreens was reared for the Festredo, and several booths for the dispensing of creature comforts were provided. The procession arrived at the Festplatz soon after 12 o'clock, and a hymn having been sung the people listened to an eloquent address from Dr. Muecke, which was followed by another hymn and the offering of prayer. At dinner the store was well filled, and the Doctor presided. A large BUipber of people assembled in tbe afterpart of the day, principally promenading and listening to tbe band. The sports promised, by some hitch, were not forthcoming. The usual skittles were absent, and an accident having happened to the tilting-bar games had to be improvised, but the crowd seemed to enjoy themselves. The refreshment caterers did a brisk trade, and about dusk the company walked off to the time of 'Marching through Georgia.' Dancing was continued with spirit until next morning. The surplus funds arising from this festival will be distributed among the greatest sufferers by the late hailstorm round Freeling. HihdmaRSH-8QUaR8 CHURCH.— On Sunday, March 23, special services were held to celebrate the anniversary of the Sunday-school in connec tion with the above Church. In the morning the Rev. C. Manthorpe discoursed on the words, ' ' The children gather wood, and the fathers kindle the fire, and the -women knead their dough to make cakes to the queen of heaven.' — Jeremiah vii. 18. Reference was particularly made in the sermon to the part that could be taken by children in the Christian work, and the benefit arising from Sunday- schools. It was mentioned that the average attendance of scholar* had been 100, and of teachers 12, and it was urged that additional people should devote themselves to tho work of instructing the young. The evening service was conducted by the Rev. J. Davidson, who based his remarks on Psalm viii. 4—' What is man that Thou are mindful of him, and the son of man that Thou visitest him?' The attendances were numerous, and the collections realized a fair amount. Yorkje'8 Peninsula Ministerial Associa tion.— A quaiterly meeting of ministers was held on Tuesday, March 4, at the house of the Rev. W. Wilson, Kadina. Present— The Revs. W. Davidson, Presbyterian; J. Graham, Primi tive Methodist; 8. Knight, Wesleyan; J. Lloyd, Welsh Congregational; J. Price, Baptist (Secretary) ; and W. Wilson, Congregationalist (in the chair). The ministers spent some time in united prayer, and then adjourned to the Congregational Church. Mr. Davidson read a paper on ' Modern Views of the Person of ChriEt.' The Moonte paper reports that ' The essayist sketched rapidly and clearly the history of the doctrine in early times as a necessary in troduction to modern views. While the Church did not, for some centuries, succeed in formu lating tho doctrine, four truths had from the very first formed the substance of the Church's belief with respect to Christ These were— His deity, His manhood, the conjunction of the two, md the distinction between them. Four heresies of early times were described— tho3e of the Ariana, Apollinarians, Nestorians, and Eutychians; also the Councils by which these heresies were respectively dealt with. The paper then gave a short account of the Reformers in relation to doctrine. Thrao modern books were dealt with, and » condensed and grannie account was presented^ of their theories, reasonings, and merits. First ,'Th» jtfe of Jesusr by Strauss; secondly, 'Th» Life of Jesus,! by Renan; and thirdly,. 'Th» Jesus of History/ by an Englishman. Somo strictures wero passed upon the book entitled 'Ecce Homo,1 as a book which had beoa variously judged by Christians. At the close of he paper the ministers expressed high apprecia tion of its value. A vote was passod requesting Mr. Davidson to make any alteration in ths paper he might deem advisable to fit it for » public lecture, and that it be delivered soon in each of the three Peninsula towns as a lecture under the auspices of the Association. It was arranged that the first delivery should. take place at the Moonta Mines, the pioceeds of tho collection to go to the Bible Socioty. Th« whoiBiof tfce time available was used in a very interesting discussion of the theme introduced. t was decided that tbe next quarterly meetinr )e held at the house of the Rev. W. Davidson. The Rev. J. Price was requested to prepare a paper on 'The Work of tho Holy Spirit in th» Sanctification of the Believer.' ' A HighlX' Successful Bazaar.— A fancy sale, which was open for three days at the Com mercial-road Assembly Room, Strathalbyn, ia aid of the funds of the local Presbyterian Churoh, has produced an excellent result, the proceed! amounting to rather over £800, bo that th» total debt on the church, about £1,050, will b« nearly paid off by this one grand effort. Tho bazaar was opened by Mr. W. Rogers, M.P. London. Missionary Society. — The annual meetings throughout the colony of the auxiliaries of the above old- established institution are about to commence. The representative of the parent Society for this year is the Rev. Dr. Nisbet, who is the Principal of the Native Training Institute at Samoa, in conjunction with the Rev. Dr. Turner, whose visit some years since many persons will remember. Dr. Nisbet is expected to reach Adelaide during the present week. The Gawlkr Baptist Church.— The Bunyip writes:— 'This handsome structure, which is Bomewhat striking owing to tho peculiarities of its architecture, has been roared vdth great dispatch, and is rapidly approaching comple tion, when it will certainly prove also an acqui sition^ externally to the south end of the town; especially if the ground belonging to it be suit ably enclosed, and planted with some of the choicer arboretal productions of nature, of which, the churchyard of St. George's, tho Mayor's, and Mr. Clement's handsome residencos in tu& heart of the town furnish pleasing modols.' 