' visit oe his excellency the i governor to moonta. ! On Thursday, about midday, His Excel lency left the Wallaroo Mines, with the finely appointed equipage of the previous day.! With him in the waggonette were Mrs Higgs, ] Mrs Hocter, and Mr Higgs; the private ! Secretary, Mr A. Musgrave, followed in the j other waggonette driving the other pair of ■ carriage horses, the Rev. Mr'Hocter accom- j panyiug him. So well did the four greys do ] their work that, on pulling up at the platform erected by the Mayor and Corporation at the corner of George-street, His Excellency was found to be somewhat sooner than he had been expected, and there was no one to receive him. P.O. Harris who happened to be present, was advised to warn the Corpora tion that His Excellency bad arrived, and meanwhile, the party drove round the town. A very nice platform had been erected with the word " welcome "on it, and it was fringed with pines. Inside were chairs and a table. There were a few flags flying in the town and a; few spectators around the platform, but the places of business remained open, and save the platform and the pines decorating the Royal Hotel there was little to denote that any matter of more than ordinary importance was on the tapis. The Mayor (Mr C. Drew) and Councillors Assheton, Bennett, Beagle hole, Buzza, Furner, Harris, Hague, with the Town Clerk, Mr Crutchett, and Mr Sur veyor Joues received His Excellency. Also, there were several gentlemen residing in the town on the platform. On alighting His Ex celleuey was received by the Mayor and in troduced to the Councillors, after which, the Mayor addressing His Excellency, said "I feel myself highly honored by your Excellency's notice and gratified that so soon after your 'arrival in the colony you have visited Torke's Peninsula where the people are ever ready to give a hearty welcome to the representa tive of their beloved Queen. As Mayor of this town it has fallen to my lot to present to your Excellency on behalf of the members of i;he.Municipal Corporation an address, which, but feebly expresses my owq sentiments of loyalty and my gratification at your Excel lency's visit, I will now request the Town Clerk to read this." The Town Clerk (Mr CL T, Crutchett) then read the following address :— To Hia Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G ., Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Colony of South Australia and its depen dencies. The respectful and congratulatory address of the inhabitants of Moonta and its surrounding neighbourhood, through the Mayor and the Corporation of Moonta, May it please your Excellency-5- . On this, the first occasion of your risifc'to tSe important mineral district of Yorkc's Peninsula, we tender our hearty welcome and congratulations to you, who have been selected by Her Most Gra cious Majesty Our Queen as her Representative in this distant portion of her dominions, pnd feel assured that wisdom has guided her choice, an$ that under your administration the vital interests of the Province will be promoted, and its pros perity advanced. We beg to assure you of the continued loyalty and strong attachment of tbe'residents of this part of the colony to Her Majesty's throne and per son ; and their prayer is, that she may be long spared to her people to discharge the high' func tions devolving upon her. We trust that your Excellency with Mrs Mus gravo and yoilr family, may enjoy the blessings of health and happiness in your new home. On behalf of the inhabitants of Moonta, we re main, • Your Excellency's most obedient servants, CHARLES DREW, Esq., Mayor. T. CRTFSCHETT, Town Clerk. His Excellency read the following reply:—Mr Mayor and Gentlemen—This cordial welcome from the inhabitants of Moonta is very gratifying to me, and I thank you for the compliment which your Address contains. I hope indeed that the choice which has conferred npon me the honor of being the representative of our Most Gracious Sovereign in this noble province, will not prove unwiao. It may not be within the Bcope of my power, or my legitimate functions personally, to j accomplish much, but what goodwill, earnest de- j sire, and the nature of my office may enable me j to effect, shall not remain undone towards pro moting the beet interests and prosperity of the colony. I readily receive your assurance of your, loyalty and attachment to Her Majesty's throne which is scarcely needed, so well is it knowi*, but which I shall have pleasure in laying at her feet. I pray jou to accept my thanks for your good wishes towards my family and myself. At the close the Mayor called for three cheers for the Queen, and this being most heartily re sponded to, a similar token of respect was paid severally to His Exoellency and Mrs Musgrave and family. His Excellency and suite then left for tbe site of the new Anglican Church, the founda tion stone of which he had been invited^.and had consented to lay. There, a considerable number of persons were w&iting; for him. The Revs. Messrs Taplin and Hawkins in clerical'casques and costumes, were present, and they were shortly joined by the Rev. Mr ffocter, also in his robes. The service, which consisted of the Litany, intoned by the Bey. C. G. Taplin) Incumbent, and responded to by the choir, singing and prayers, was com menced but unfortunately almost immediately a heavy shower of rain commenced to fall, causing umbrellas- to be in request, and also a considerable proportion of tbe company to retire for shelter. The service being con cluded Mr A. France, jun., read a copy of a document which, wit'i other matters alluded to in it had been placed in a bottle under the stone. This was as follows ; " The foundation stone of this All Saints New Church was laid by His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., Governor in-chief of the province of South Australia, I on the 11th day of September, in the year of onr Lord 1873, in the 36th year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, in tbe 26th year of the consecration of the Right Rev. Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. The Bev. Charles Goodenough Taplin, Incumbent. Trustees: George F. Wyatt, Lloyd Herbert, Thomas Evans. Wardens: William Gobs, Alfred France. Architect: Thomas Jones, C.E. Builders : Maddern & Priestly. Car penters : Hague & Lake.'' The bottle con tained a .copy of . the above, the.Moonta Advertiser Sept. 9, and the Wallaroo Times Sept. 10, with six current coins of the realm. A very handsome solid silver trowel, with handle inlaid with malachite, designed, manufactured, and. engraved by Mr Steiuer, of Adelaide, was then handed to His Excel lency, who patted some mortar underneath the stone with it. The pulleys were then eased, and the stone descended to its resting place. The architect, Mr R. Jones,- tested its position with his level, and it was found to be well and truly laid. His Excellency then declared it to be so in the name of the Father, tbe Son, and the Holy Ghost. The trowel bore the following inscription:—" Presented to His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., on tbe occasion of his laying the foundation stone of All Saints' Church, Moonta. September 11, 1873." The mallet i made of gum and black wood, had been manufactured by Mr J. Carter, of Moonta. . His Excellency then addressed the as sembled company, saying a few words that it was impossible toreport fully in consequenceof tbe rain. • He said he did not intend to say much partly because of the inclemency of tbe weather, and partly because at such a cere mony as tbey had been assisting is, a spirit of prayer was better than many words in which there might not be much wisdom. He very much regretted the absence of Mrs Musgrave, who was also exceedingly sorry that she could not accept the invitation forwarded to her to lay the stone; but she had'maternal duties which she felt would not then permit her to leave. For himself he could say he was glad to have been permitted to take part in the good work they had been engaged in. Other Church denominations doubtless also accomplished much good. But he cherished and should cherish tbe warmest privilege of attachment to that grand old Church, the principles of which had been handed down to us from the most ancient times. There was, however, ample scope for all Churches, es pecially in this new colony, where naturally the people were much scattered.* He much wished to see the bonds of union between them brought closer than they werej and he hoped that, however this might be, tbey would more and more closely resemble that grand old church from which had run streams of benevolence through all time. The Bev. Mr Taplin, although disinclined to speak at length, could not but express his appreciation of the courtesy of His Excellency in accepting the invitation forwarded to him to lay the foundation stone. In the name of his congregation, and for himself as Incumbent, he thanked His Excellency. And he would con gratulate his congregation on the work which had been commenced by them. For years they had felt the inconvenience of worship ping in a cramped and confined Church. The last census returns had shewn that there were 50,000 Church people in the colony, out of its 180,000 of population. Surely then they were warranted in calculating that out of the 12,000 persons supposed to be in and around Moonta t hey would find sufficient Church people to fill the church'now commenc ed, which it was calculated might seat about 450\. The old Church merely seated 120, and it was known to him, painfully he tnight say, that often persons desirous of attending, bad to leave because there were not seats for them. Thus they had lost many who were really members of the Church of England. It would be remembered that such a building as tbey bad undertaken could not be put up without both cost and liability. He, person ally, had become responsible for the sum re quired, about £1,600 or £1,600. This liability he bad not been afraid to undertake. He bad had no fear as to the result. He had faith m the old Church, and was not afraid that the money would not be forthcoming.' The present was a time, when those who had not subscribed could do so,and those who had, could, if they chose, add to their liberality. He bad pleasure in stating -that there wasnot a single denomination on the Peninsula that had not assisted his congregation in the effort they were now making. The Rev; Mr Hocter could not but rejoice when he heard that all Christian denomana- . tions on the Peninsula had assisted in the good work. Twenty-fire years ago tbgtp were but five English Churches in the colony, and now there«were 75. besides others in the coursd of erection. He hoped that in~; the course of another 26, years that there might be, instead of 75, more than 175, find that, aB time progressed the coldnymight vbe--fcs one Church to tbe living God. and tbat the people might, form part of that congregation, the number of which no man could know, but the rpinisters to which were tbe archangels, and angels the Priests and Levites. Contributions io a considerable extent in - cheques notes and gold were then laid on the stone, and His Excellency and suite retired. During the afternoon His Excellency visited the Moonta Mine, over which he was shewn by tbe Superintendent Captain Han cock, and the perfect- appearance at that wonderful centre of industry commanded'his warm commendation. Thence he returned with Mr Hi'ggs to the Wallaroo Mines. 