THE INTERCOLONIAL CONFERENCE. - We understand that thc diitc promised for tho Intercolonial Conference is Monday, thu l;itli instant. 'Die repre- sentatives of Victoria (Mr. Francia tho Premier, und Mr. Longton tho Treasurer) huvo intimated tlmt they will bo in Sydney on or about the 131h; the delégate» from New Zealand (Mr. Julinu Vogel, Premier, and Mr. Reynolds, Ci niiiiissioiier nf Customs) have arrived in Melbourne on routo fur this eily : and tho delegates fruin "Western Australia tiru understood to bo now on their way here. Tho rc presen Int ives of Son ll) Australia will be Sir Henry Ayers, Chief Secretary, and Mr: Harrow, Treasurer, and it is expected Hint they will leavo Adelaide on tim (itli or "th. It is thought likely that Tasmania will be repre- sented by Mr. Innes tho Premier, and Mr. Snitt, Treasurer. Tho ninnes of the Queens- land . representatives have not yet transpired. The questions already mentioned between the respective Governments for consideration are-tho Ocean Mail .ser- vices ; free commercial intercourse between the colonies in connection willi Karl Kimberley's despatch on thu subject ; telegraphic communication, more especially in relation to submarino cables ; the Border relations of contennmou8 colonies ; the policy of prohibiting the importation of live stock from the United Kinnoul and foreign ports in con- sequence of the prevalence of rinderpest mid other malig- nant diseases among entile in tho Northern hemisphere. lt is «Iso understood llmt other subjects of kindred nature will probably be introduced. WATER SBTTLY.-ILe insufficiency of our water supply has long been a matter of much concern to thoso of the community who take thu trouble to relied upon thc subject. The dangers to property from tiro, and to public, health from disease, aro greatly enhanced by tho absence of un abundant supply of water to tho dwellings of the people, while the personal discomfort which is not infrequently felt from tho water hoing turned off is a matter of common complaint. The corponition authorities aiv not to bo charged with wastefulness or extravagance in tho distribution of tho means nt their command ; but it might have been cxjieeted that in a season like tho present, when tho ruin fall hus been copious and regular, there would have been waler in the few fountains in thc city which havo been erected for the refreshment of man and beast. Such was not the case, however, on Now Year's Day. On that day there were thousands of children col- lected in thc Domain and Botanic Gardens, scores of whom were crying from thirst. Ve aro probably within the mark when we estimate that not ono in a hundred was enabled to moisten their parched lips at tho fountains. Of thc three fountains erected ono was dry, and (mother was without drinking vessels. Tho water which trickled through thu jeta of two of these fountain* mu at the rato.of about u cupful every live minutes. Ve aro iu f01 med that these two fountains wore besieged, tho whole day, and that the fruitless endeavours of tho children and their friends to obtain water was nully a painful spectacle. RAILWAY LOCOMOTIVES.-We understand that tho Government have ordered eighteen locomotivo engines to be constructed for working tho traine on thu Southern, Vcsloni, mid Northern lines. Messin. Volo and Lacy and Messrs. Mort mid Co. have obtained tho contract, and tile locaiiolives nie to Ito delivered in batches of half-u-do/.en ut eighteen, twenty-one, and twenty-four mouths. The linns limned have already built locomotives for tho Govern- . merit lilies, and it is veiy satisfoolory to lind that the nioiuifocluie of such complex mechanism 1ms now taken it" place as one of the permanent, industries of the colony. COUNTRY VISITORS.-During thc Christmas festivities just over several thousand country people visited thc city and ri niaini-d throughout the work. Tho expenso of II tri]) lo Sydney is usually a drawback to a largo numbai' of persons who would gladly spend a few days annually in the metropolis, but the prospei ly of tho country and tho increased Ut mund for labour for some six or eight /nontlia j ust has supplied the means wherewith the country folks could gel tn thc city. Anyone who may be in tho linbit of noticing the pedostrion traffic, in our principal thorough- fares will have observed hundreds of country faces every wheie. Our public institutions, notably thc Public Library mid Museum, have attracted great attention, ¡ind in fact everything worth seeing has been seen bv our mini frio.'.tis, who atc now returning to llicir homes, by mil, steamer, or coach. COST OF A NEW YEAR'S LARK.-lt is a custom with seine who are disposid to curry on pmuticol jokes ut the expulse of other people to indulge in acts ol'this kind on the eve of the New Year. Thc police, under the direc- tion of sub- inspector Thorpe, intimated their intention of punishing with the full rigonr of tho law such as might be found indulging in such acts of misconduct. In our last issue we acquainted the public willi this fact. Accordingly, during that night, the police kept a strict look-out. At li ii.m. in the morning, when everything appeared quite still, a few young men, no doubt with the intention of et mint wing the work of carrying out tho old custom nf piaeticnl joking, set to work hy removing ii dray in tho poi-st ssioti of Mr. Boyce, belonging tn un insolvent estate. 'Uley had not proceeded far, when the police appeared »nd iipprehilided one young limn, named George Bennet, whom (ht y charged willi stealing tho dray. The rest managed to get «wily, or they, like Bennet, would have to remain in custody until to-tiity, when tho ease will be tried by a second magistrate.-.Vt matt Iv Clinitirlc. ONE OF THE OLD NEW ZEALAND LAND Ui'YKits.-Our readers (MIV« the (Hugo Ihtihj T/inm) will have noticed the announcement of tho (louth, in thc (>2nd yt ur nf his age, ol' Mr. George Green, wi ll known hero, mid by nmito ut leilst all over the colony through his enor- mous lund claims. Mr. Greeu came from Sydney to Now Zt iilaud in lbliti. Ile remained in thc colony about a year, mid was cliit ily ul lite llluirduring that lime. It was on Hint occasion that he made his large purchases from tho Maories. These were as follows :-Centre Island (oil' the Snuthhiud toast). '2000 neron, for £'20 10s. ; ÜO.OOÜ acres. Stewart'« Island, .CM 10s.: '¿0,01)0 at res Kt.wokapito Bnv, £20 10s. ; 10Í1 «cres Bluff Harbour, Ilö ; 1,U(I0,UVM, Mista'kiu Bay, West Coast, £200. Ho had aim made purchases of land tit Cation's Uiver, und bought Ibo Uuanmtiiit) Island in Otago Harbour. Ho commenced to prosecute bis 'claims, to these lands in 1810,. ticing ono ot tin lirsi lo submit his titles to thu Government, but could not get a Cit.wn grant. No Crown ¡..vmit or conipoiusiirion nf any sort was ever gi veli lo him oil account of thoso pur chast's till about, two years «go, when ho received 500U 'teros in twu blocks of 2Ó00 ucixs each. COURT-HOUSE FOR HILL ISJND.-Ycstordsy a deputation, consisting of Mr. Buclmmvn, M.L.A., Mr linker, M.L.A'., mid Mr. ltodd, M.L.A., waited-unit th« Colonial Secreting willi rcfcvcnco to Ibo necessity for Court-house nt Hill Und. A petition, digued by most of th» business people of tho township, wns presented to Mr. Burkes. This petition set forth tlmt ut Tumbiiroura thor» was already ii population of some 2000 persons, and at Hill lind there was a population of GO0O ; and it was urged timi ¡j population governed the appointment of District Court* Hill lind was entitled to have one established there. ItnUw pointed out that in eases wlicro adjudication was necoj. suiy, iiersnUH had either to go to Bathurst, or to Mudgee, which wero'distant from Hill lind between fifty anil sixly mik*; and this entailed upon tho person»who had to nt lend thc Courts at those places great expenso and. iuconveiiieueo. It was also pointed out that th« Clovern iiii nt would lie put to far less expense if ii Court of Quarter Sessions was established as proposed, as tho travellmg ex- penses of witnesses and others would bu saved. In niwwoi lo tho deputation, Mr. Burkes said he thought tho peopl» of Hill lind mid tho neighbourhood were entitled to a District Court, and ho was under tho impression that he hud stilted ns much to them whoa li» wu* nt Hill Hud « few months ago ; there wo« a large population there, and business tratisiicliou» must now be so extensive and numerous, and eases for ad- judication before such a Court must bo so frequent, that li» did not think tho request now mudo was ut all uurcasounbli!. He thought the request contained in tho petition was ii vory I fair ono, and ho would so represent it to his colleagues. I Mr. Buchanan thin brought under the notice of Mr. I I'm ken tho fact tlmt the inhabitants of Gulgong were oxort I ing themselves lo raise funds to establish a School of Art« ut that pince, and asked tho Government to givo soma assistance. Mr. Burkes said ho would follow the pinn laid down with regard to Government assistance to Schools ot Art, and he would place on tho ealiiiiatoH 10s. for cvory £1 contributed by tho people. ROWDYISM ON NEW YEAR'S NIGHT.-WC have received numerous complaints of the doings of thoso gentry who bid goodbye to the departing, and usher in tho now year by parading the streets and »inking "night hideous" with howling " l'iccmlilly," " My darling Mignonette," and other moro deeididly objectionable vocal efforts. Tho chief complaints como from St. Leonards, whore. "Lamkmistit" seems to have its lair. Tho midnight prowlers of that lucidity indulge.in that peculiar quality of vocalisatiou which is in full force at the " penny gull's " of the Hast lind of loudon ; and their conversation und sallies of wit partake also of tho characteristics of that claim of London vagabondism who revel in thc artistic, display of " Newgate knockers." A correspondent declares that, not content willi offending the ears or the inhabitants by using the most disgusting language, these " lilies " »of tho North .Shore tour up «nd destroy fences and plant*. He thinks such a state of things unlosiniblc. TUE LATE INKANTÎIY FOKOB.-When this torco was disbanded som« spcuilation look piuco us to whothor (lie men, or thc majority i f thom, would join tho permimout force of Victoria. It is stated that un agent from tho Government of the noiglbouring colony is over hero en- deavouring to ascertain tao wishcB of tile men, and last Tuc.- day, when tho force vas disbanded, a not ideation wa» ¡lusted nt the barracks leiiuiring mon for the permanent !Ailillciy force, Melbourne- The document benin no stamp of Governmental iiuthoril,-, but if it be genuino, tho con- ditions attached would pnclude tho possibility of recruit» being obtained. The heght of tho applicant must be not less (han fi feel fl iuehes, mid his ago not to exceed thirty yen rs. He has also to riss a severe examination as tb \ iduciitionul tidvuntnges, iud obtain n medical certificate. If be succeed in ful tilling ni thc conditions imposed, ho will bo received'' into the Artilery Force, with a prospect At some future date of gottiig into the Police Force or other service. TATTERSALLS Cur.-Tho settling ovor thc. New Year's Day mooing took placo Inst evening at TattersaH'R Hotel, when t:e following iniitiuiits were paid over :-Mr. G. Blake, £2V tis. ; Mr. T. Ivory, £105 ; Mr. W. Davis, £101 fis.; M. AV. H. Hillas, £02; Mr. It. Bouse. £72 10s. ; Mr. J. Dunn, £31 Ids. ; Mr. A. Mer, £20 ; Mr. T. Umond, £1 ; Mr. H. Dodds, £10 ; and Mr. .1. Baines. £ö. The total uni paid was £071 10s. Messt*. Blake mid Davis called fe champagne, nnd tho chairman, Mr. ll. Driver, proposée tho usual toasts, which yroru drunk with the eiistomry honouin. Mr. E. K. Jone* proposed the stewards nd ollicinls of Tn I tersa ll'a Club, and (he toast was dnin) with musical honours. In tho course of his remarks'to ohnirmnn said that it waa tho intention of the coiumittc to oller much richer prizes nt tho next annual meeting. THE RECENT CrfK OF BURNING AT THK VtCTOltiA TliiiATitr. -limy Osborne, the young ballet girl who WHS so soriouy burnt on Monday evening Inst, during the perforuiuneo'i the Yellow Dwnrf ut tho Victoria. 'Theatre, and who wnsivinoyed to the Infirmary, died yesterday evening «bot 8 o'clock. A short timo pre- viously «ho wiis partiiiy conscious, but so weak frota extremo nervous oxhintion that Mr. Ilnlket, house surgeon, sent for bur jrfatives who «niyed,just before lier ToTTiE's DiiEAM*-Wlieii Tottie was put to bed it wis un wonder tlmtfto wns lmuntal by tho sweet eflurr of old lien Sparrow, nfc flint his stomach of cnndicd lomon- . jiee! and his bend of ri tigs nnd curnmts presented thow .-elves to lier in thu nw tempting shapes and forms her wann imagination coo devise. As she lay in bod looking at the Hishlight in thivashhand basin, tho ofllgy appeared bit by bil in front of it- basin mitil it was completo, and when it winked ono bis currant eyes ut her-as it nctuiilly did-tho light of tli¿ mlle threw u halo of glory over tho foi m. Her eyes wain ing lo the mantelshelf, she saw tho effigy come out of th.vall and stand in tho niiddlo of tho shelf. Whichever w, indeed, 'lottie's eyes turned, sho saw him, until tho roi was full or him and Iiis sweetness, nnd with his nmltipli imago in her mind she fell asleep. No wonder that sbeJrcamt of him. A frightful craving was upon her, wide every moment grow strongor and stronger. " >"obodyrill know," thought Tottio. Tho- roughly engrossed mer desperate eiuinibalistio purpose, and with her th Printing ngainst each other, timorously she ro«c3 out. her liam! towards her grand- father's face ; ho diiot stir. Towards his eyes ; he did not wink. Her (uv touched his eve ; it did not quiver arid out it came, anvas in her hand ! Her honrt throbbed with fenrful cestáf ns with averted hoad sho put tho tembló morsel liner mouth, lt' wns delicious. Sh» chowed it mid swálred it with infinite relish, mid,When it was gone, thirsted? its fellow. She looked timidly nt tho old man. There* a queer expression- in his fig face, which tho loss of,< of his eyes hud doubtless imparted tn> it. " It doesn't so to hurt him," thought Tottio. Her niger lingers we soon close to the remaining eye, and out that eiuiic,;d wns disposed of in Uko manner.' Tot tie certainly, ever knew how good Bon Sparrow was until thoj esont time. She had always loved him, but nevi so much a« now. The eyeless face lind n móiful expression upon it, and, seemed to say sadly, " Hi't you better toko mo next f" Tottio clutched it dcHptely. It wagged at her, and from it« niñee lips u nimir seemed to issuo, " 0, Tottio ! Tottio ! To serve mc lilthis!" But Tottio wiis ravenous. No> feur of ceniseiruep could stop her now that she had tasted him, nud foundjw sweet lie was. She shut hor oye» nevertheless, itsithe execution nf her murderous purpose,, she tugged at blind, which, when sho had torn from his body, she ato bit>'bit with rare and fearful enjoyment. When she loeikbiguin nt tho headless figure of tho old' nmu. one of thè>' moved briskly, and held itself out te» her, with on nur" Sie next! " in tho notion. But Tottio, hungering for ijlcnionpccl stomach, disregarded thc iuri , tutioii. lt li ditlicult to get th« stonmeh off,_ I it was so tijly fixed to its legs. When sho ' sui tiided. th tunis ciune with it, and slio. broke them ¿IV short nt thc shoulder-blade, mid thought |jjo benni a groan its she per ioinnd the ¿Tni'peiiitioii. But her heart was hardeiied, mid sho contint her feast without remorse. How de- licious it wns .'Kc was a long time disposing of it, for it wns very lurgijt nt length it was ull eaten, andnot.'it piece of ciindiojgur was left. As she sucked her finger* willi the deligi' ii savage, a sonso of the wickedness of what she lind ft came upon her. . lier grandfather, who lind alwnvs be» kind to her ! She began to tremble and to ci v. But tbniis mid legs relnniued. They HU/*/ bu enteil. SomctÄ dreadful would be done to her if thoy w ere dise-overefl lier bcd ; so with foverish haste she do-, vourtd the lim) And now, uot ii truce of tho old inna reiiininid. Slijjd devoured him from head to foot. Sha would never sëcin nguiu-never, never ! How dreadful the table looljfritli him not unit! How Tottio wished slie hadn't dolli She was appalled at the contemplation of her guilt. &v; the thought of how she would bo pun- ished if she «found out. In the midst of these fears the light in |]2>ni vanished, and oblivion foll upon Tottio in tho diirkuliat followed.-Fwi/mi's Christmas Storp in the Syt/i<eM;t. REMABK& EFFECTS OP LIGHTNING.-From a correspondait Oberon wo (Bathurst Free Press) learn that a fearfuÄidcrstorm occurred in that neighbourhood on Sunday lining which n large tree standing «bout midway bet \M the residences of ¡Mr. C. "Whalan mid Mr. t'linyiiglimiijfc toni to pieces in a rcmarkuble manuel-. The' lightnf&ppoiirs; first to have sfruck the emili, «nd coming! contact with thc roots of tho tree, ploughed urôfcrouiid through a distance of twenty feet. The roots osftroes were toni np by tho electric fluid, nnd nu opeiiÍDas mude in the earth in one direction, about oightolichcs wide «nd extending nearly thirty ' feet. One (ff roots of iinother tree near tho spot was. tom uii: bul upper part of the trunk of the tte« was ' nntimched.lW mu no Hunks of lightning upon til» upper portia* the tivcs, clearly proving that, ra tin«, instance, thflal order of things has been reversed, ami instead nf »«¡ghost, tho lowest, point has been iirsfc struck bv itíilitle fluid. Tho thunder was unusually loud, inti tl&und; shook as from an earthquake. Sonio pieces of tlrfv were thrown lóü janis from the spat. Two cows uírr tojinvu been struck by the lightmiur, but they were uStich iujurcd. They continued to bollowr wwt roar for*- time as tlie-ugU they could not nvoivomo tile-i» tcnor.ji 