"A sturablor stumbled least in stumbly ways." GEORGE HERBERT. THE votive garments of so many who have been shipwrecked on this rock warn the philosopher that future merit derision i athel than pity when they are the results of conceit 1 theologians and metaphysicians struggle desperately with the singing but tons, and the contemplation student is amused interested and bewildered when he sees Copland clinging convulsively to Priestley, and Hazlitt, as well is Robert Hall, pulsing, with emulative sympathy, the various routes of Jonathan Edwards Be the philosopher content to admire The feats he declines to imitate, while he serenely studies known laws in thou sequence The Will, or the faculty of volition, exists in man as a power, therefore, it exacts culture and discipline, given as do the intellect, the imagination, the judgment and the affections It is a vital force, powerful for good or for evil, according to its training, its guidance, and direction It is a necessary force that cannot with impunity be suffered to rust It is a link in the chain of cause and effect that binds our being, and whether it prove to be the in st of the tenth in the sequence is (at this stage of enquiry) practically no material. The alarmed reader may now draw his breath, and I trust he will restore me to his good will To my metaphysics are closed, my whole stock of abstract' knowledge compacted and condensed, and my purely sections e theories have long since been buried, I trust for ever rush, in one of his graphic, vivid, and comprehensive precepts, bids his pupils to Mistake not an itching finger for an authentic will" " Oigamsation' (con times this masterly pathetic) " is the mother of talent, practice, rescuing, the senses its dominion But hearts alone can person are hearts." An authentic ' will ! The word itself, with its Greek etymology, guides me to the clue " Authentic' is when the mind, acting on itself, discerns its own deep seated forces, and then proper field of action according to Nature's eternal laws lim "itching finger is an outward, objective accident, easily remedied, and then is easily and quickly forgotten the other is an inner and irrepressible found that we can use, guide, and distribute, butter subdue the strong Will not only gives to Nature, and to her to nine of causation, all fair play and respect, but, by patient in ramat of every impediment foreseen, leaves to chance but little or nothing By great I coelo bailing the Will makes for the haven for which it is bound to Wellington surveyed the battle field in silence and solitude over night he Cook, Washington, Collingwood, and Nelson were went to attend personally to minute (as, if you will, to a man) details that seemed to concern the health of then men The authentic will subordinates petty personal wants and egotistic cares to the grand one ever present to the mind Thisiswill and this, when sound and authentic, is generally victorious " When opposed," saul Wellington, " to Massena, sleep, as well as table, was out of the question Sotilt but mailed my dinner Maunont allowed me to eat, drink, and sleep" borne of the confusion in the various speculative treatises and discussions may, not haps, have arisen from comparisons between Nature at a dis tehan tugs, and Nature with fair play Confined in a room with foul odours and mephitic gases, what can I do but rush to the window ? Baked and patched with the st can I resist the gold fountain ? What conalw. or effort of will can sustain good humor during the pangs of the toothache, 61 the torture of tight boots I Idle were it to ask whether tion Will be free which is confessedly weak, because in effect overborne Now the strong Will foresees all this and more bids and enables us to avoid this or that that indulgence known by experience to mar the temper or to cloud the brain bids us to forego the dance, the concert, or the feast, because the morn that follows it must find us strong and cool, and even to call out fastidious husband, if the vulgarism wo loathe can be made subset went to our purpose He who puts sobriety as it merits will never be drunk, for he will forego pleasant society sooner than risk a combat with temptation The who dreads poverty as it should be dreaded will never be poor, for little as he may have he will spend less And he who dreads curio dreads poverty, the parent of crime Poverty takes nature at a disadvantage What is sentiment, what is even the Deca logue to a starving man who sees a loaf left carelessly in his way, or to the standard in the morning, who ism held till the cooling draught be either hogged, borrowed, or stolen ? Exceptional cases may be on record of a well trained will having conquered in such or similar cases, but I say that man was never made for such unequal combats, and he is assuredly a fool who wantonly courts them, or who does not use proper foresight to be armed against their attack In such foresight lies the strong authentic "Will More "wilfulness" or " waywardness" is the lawful object of derision What more comical than Balmawhapplo, m Scott's Wavoluj, bring one of his horse pistols against Stirling Castle, or the immortal Mrs Partington sweeping back with her broom the surging waves (Drat theme) of the encroaching sea? Byron never thought of trying to swim direct across the Hellespont, he knew it was simply impossible he therefore chose a starting point higher up, and reached Abydos by the diagonal, being borne towards it by the resultant force composed of his own strong swimming and that of the down flowing descending tide This was true will Mark a country house in winter, full of young girls, whose wills are bent on the race ball, archery meeting, or private theatricals, or such like Papa may be gruff, and frowningly despotic the sternness of his prohibition, mamma timid and doubtful, "For you know, dears, that you have nothing to wear, and then those horrid roads," She Their purses are exiguous Charles is very selfish, and Jack, nasty thing ! so disobliging Add to this, it rains bull dogs, and, my worthy friend, whatever you please, but go they will I back Mabel, Kate, and Carrie against fate, weather, and impossibility What ' diplomacy, what furtive industry, what wheedling tact is working in the secret deep The poultry yard, the marketing, the presents, the services, the bargains, the bribes; a Prime Minister might take a lesson. What magical transpositions and permutations of skirts and charlatans are the fruits of nightly toil and busy fingers ! At length every objection has met his match. " Mr. A.'s cart is borrowed. Tom will drive us. We dress at Mrs. Q.'s. She is charmed with the pigeons which, you know, papa dear, you wished us to get rid of. Then Charles must go there to look at some shorthorns," etc., (da cape). In short, papa is checkmated, mamma overruled. The brothers are diplomatists and vanquished through their respective weak sides, and fresh, cool, and triumphant in blooming innocence, off go the happy girls, well shawled and cushioned, indifferent to the jolting, and laughing at the snags. This is Will and this, as well as the pro- vale theatricals, has oft excited our silent wonder and open plaudits. Whence but from the combined wills of clever girls could come the extemporised wardrobe and properties of those dramas and farces we have so often enjoyed so much more than regular acting. My friend Charley, half the strength of will shown thou by thy loving sister Kate would increase the salary, raising theo a step. The character of Hamlet seems to me that of one who has cultivated his intellect, and stored his memory. But his Will has been suffered to rest. Suddenly called on to act, he is surprised at his impotence He reproached himself; the player, the Norway captain - every one seems to shame him. Where intellect and feeling are required, he is great without effort. Where judgment and taste are called for, he is both sound and refined. He can plan he can read thoughts, he can bullion the aggressions of impertinent curiosity. But he has not cultivated his Will part passu with his intellect. Whether he had been early overcrowded by his uncle (a man of talent, eloquence, and address) whether he had been spoiled by the anticipation of every wish whatever the cause, Hamlet is an instance of the importance of self-culture as a constituent of man. He will assume madness that he may retire into himself and observe others, himself unob- served. Had he possessed an authentic will " he had never formed so crude and shallow a resolution. His plans would have been more ample, more connected and consecutive. He would have used that popularity which his uncle observed with dismay and jealousy to dethrone ClatiditH before killing him. His will would have foreseen and have anticipated every difficulty. His very appeal to the court of reason (testing the Ghost by the play is a kind of moral cowardice ; he ought to have needed no corroboration of that which so completely harmonised with his own previous and recurring instincts. Hamlet lacked the authentic will, and sought in intellect for that which it can never give. " My thoughts be bloody, or be nothing worth." he could have steadily put into action a train of antecedents and consequently' that would have consigned Claudius to a dungeon, and thence to the block. No need to sully his own hands. Did Mary Stuart fire the train in Kirk o' Field ? No ! Did she ever plan, direct, or aid the process ? No. What then ? She looked at the brutal mad bull, Bothwell, as only she could look; she told him with the eye what the eye tells hotter than the tongue, she took care that Bothwell should know the wretched degraded state of the miserable, Darnley. She " know nothing not she. She know the brute she ogled to be in that mad slate when 50 murders are as nothing. Yet she persevered till her poor husband was released, and perhaps the murder was humane. Of the death she willed, Bothwell was the instrument, and her Will the primary cause. A shrewd Scottish lassie was once taken to task by her minister that she neglected to use her influence, over her Too to cure him of his habit of swearing. " Well, Meenistor," said the plucky wench, " I'll no say that sweating' is perfectly scriptural, but you must admit that it gives at times, an uncle braw garnish to make solid conversation." But, my friend, there is no solid nourishment in it. Those imprecations denunciations, and references to warm climates, sulphur-teeming, are, in reality, proofs of a weak Will. Micawber gave Traddles his 1.0., then sat down content, feeling he had paid him. So the sweater delivers over to Satan his refractory or troublesome customer, and then (after the necessary nobbler) feels he has done his utmost duly. Both are proofs of the weakness they confess. Give me the man who, in the moment of disappointment, can command his facial muscles as well as his tongue, and, doggedly cool, sit down to his desk for his shop, to remedy, to retrieve, to rebound. Give me the man who blames only himself for unforeseen betrayals. What thou were, my fancy made the, What thou art, I linesman time. Let me conclude with two instances of strength of Will in a good cause, by two of the most uncolonial men I ever read or heard of-viz., Arthur, Duke of Wellington, and Dr Samuel Johnson : 1\. The Duke was in Paris after the battle of Waterloo, closely and anxiously occupied. Madame Recamier united to all the taste, tact, and toilet appliances of Josephine, a beauty far beyond even the aspirations of the Creek, and a symmetry of form before which the sculptors bowed. Beyond dress and beauty shone the fact that diffused ease and comfort, shone the mind and soul, inspiring the sense of re- finement and elevation. Wellington saw through Madame de Stael, whom he thought too pronounced and theatrical, but the charms of Recamier subdued the con- queror and softened the statesman. He resolved on ceasing to visit those reunions he so much enjoyed. Man-like, he wrote to her avowing the truth that his morning hours of business must no longer be haunted by visions of grace and beauty grace the more enchanting from its purity and elegance ; beauty the more bewitching from the mental harmony it breathed forth, radiated, and diffused around. He had resolved to go no more. 2\. Behind the scenes of Drury-lane Kitty Clive, by her sharp sense, amused surly old Sam Johnson. Her success drew around the stage younger hours, and fairer, seeking his notice with emulative smiles and blandishments. " Davy," said he to Garrick, " I'll come no more here. Your white busts and well-turned ankles excite in me that which I had thought to be dormant-my amorous propensities." These two examples of true and genuine will I offer with a thorough conviction that they are not likely to find many imitators. But as throughout have thought more of avoiding snags and holes than of showing off my skill or speed, I may, perhaps, be thought to have verified the shrewd old words of my motto by the Bushman who has so often practically experienced their truths australasian. 