•MY GHOST." jmjj. I do not belieie - -- in cuimunicatious with another world via Peebles or Castlemuine, and I am sceptical in flic matter of the Swan*.,, i-street- glnst, ninningmy faitbratl.er.as res r i- . e latter, to the "gaslight and gutter" explanati .n of one of the Telegraph's correspondent!. I like that -gaslight and gutter" idea, and shall in future account always (or phenomena, either atmospheric or otherwise, br it. If«like niy theory of the Pyramids, "unliinUed labour and the inclined plane,and my ideas of counting at whist, " two half-crowns and r candlestick," rather vague, but better than no knowleSge whatever. Neither am I a nervous man smernaturally. I have slept in a weird bed iu an old faEhionkd country house, and in a room where a agrucsome tragedy was acied in the dead past, as easily and siund as in the little French bedstead of my own suburban villa, and the cigars that I have enjoyed on the terrace 1I10 •• White Lady" was, on tl» best authority, known to frequent, have lost sune of their flavour through that circumstance ; but for a " l ' lat I was frightened once, and tlii wss how it came about:— jt was Christmas Eve, and I was leaving the «' big smoke," acting on medical advice, for a change of-airand a little rest, for I had been terribly overworked of late, and was, in the doctor's own words, "ill to pieces." It may not be that this was the ooly cfnse which sent me and a hansom on :his 248\. of December whirling throuh the eleetand slush. 0 f« sudden thaw to tlie eastern counties station, hut if 1 entertain a penchant for huniinj;, good dinners, "green seal," a thorough English squire, and last, but not least, blue eyes, golden chignon, and the dutiest little baud and loot in the uorid, and if I I cu find all these and more at Redt-sdale flail, County Variolic, the residence ol Squire Gravtlioru, that u nothing to you, my dear reader, and X merely mention that I was leaving town on sick leave to account for an a'tack of the very nervousneaeirom which I have just above been boasting I mm Buffered. I had bareiy time to catch my train, for the streets were covered with Datfic and people busy in their preparation for the morrow, and oar way lay through the narrow lanes and murky tack thoroughfares of the city in which one waggon halting for a moment would create a block for half an hour, but I did have just time to get my ticket, select an empty carriage before the guard lacked the door and guve tlie signal" right, forward" to the drijer. By the time I had placed my travelling case under the seat, and arranged my etceteras, we were moving slowly out of tlie station, and then to my surprise I found that I was not alone. In the opposite corner on the same side of the carriage sat an elderly man, a man villi a sad thoughtful Uce, asiiv pale and deeply lined, a wierd looking man with a fixed and stouy stare, and a mysterious man to me ; for it was but a moment •ince I entered, and I Had heard the door locked behind me as I got in. How did he come in ? I sat thinking over this till at last I resolved to get into conversation with him ; but how was I to do it ? I softer from reserve in commoB, and seldom break through it with the generality. But my curiosity was eiciied. There was only one way I saw to break the ice and open up a conversation, to iaking out my cigar case I asked iiim if lie had an; objection to smoke. He apparently did not hear ®e. I asked apiin. 1 almost shouted, but he sat there af silent as ever. I actually ruse and touched his arm, bnt still lie moved not 1 Then I sat back fairly puzzled. What was he ? Some eccentric gentleman ? Some escaped lunatic perhaps ? Pooh. No I would not give way to nervou6ress. Probably be was some more than usnilly reserved man, and had resented my impertinence AS he nav have considered it. If he was deaf lie must hare 1 tirely felt me tap his shoulder. Ah ! but mat was . rade, and be was right in ignoring me as a snot). If I thought he could have heard, I would have' apologised, as it was I gave up bothering myself about him, and knowing the train did not stop until we reached tlie terminus, eat back in my •eat and soon fell asleep. When I awoke wo we were within ten miles of Redesdale, and the catriage was empty! In my surprise I started tip and tried the door. It was still locked. I looked under the seat, remembering having read of insane people bidiug in carriages n_this way- duriBg a jonmey, but he was not there. He had got out somehow, but if his entrance was odd. his exi# was extraordinary. The down express stopped no^fcere I knew, for I bad made enquiries, besiues did it not aay EO in ^Bradsbaw" that L-'y before me. Wliat did it mean ? What was it T I asked myself a hundred times. I had read of appearances to members of certain families either of t. " veiled figures" or a "dove" or something before any calamity happened. Could this apparently respectable city gentleman be one of these warnings ? Was there a ghost in my family of which I was ignorant? And then I grew frightened. The figure's strange silence, deathly pale face, and rigid •tare! Could it be a something from the other—and then there was a crash and all was oblivion. When I next came to myself I was lying on a sick bed in one of the bedrooms at Squire Graythorn's. There had been an accident tbey tola me. The down express had run into a goods train within time miles of the station, and I had been taken up and sent down as dead, but the Redesdale groom, who was to have met me, had recognised me, and I had been brought up to the house. I had been lying there ten days. It liad been a fearful accident tiiey said with a terribly long list of killed and injured. It was a mercy that I escaped with life. It would be a long time before I would be •well. I must bs very good and very quiet, and that was all they would tell just then. It was a long time before I got well. Tlie primroses had come and gone, and it was the time of; rons-at Redesdale when I left my bed for the first : time, and strolled slowly round tbe garden with Amy and told her the story of " My Ghost," and (he-leaves were tinted and the trees grew bare when I bade good bye and started, still an invalid, on pressing business to town under promise to return at Christmas. The reader will please observe that I am confining myself strictly (0 my adventure with the ghost, and that purposely leave out what to me would be pleasant enough to tell of all the goodness and kindness I experienced at tbe Hall both from the Squire and By nurse, and cousin Amy and all incidents connected therewith; therefore I will in the same way 'pass over the next three months and ask him to accompany me once more on Christmas Eve to the platform of tlie Great Eastern. I had troubled myself at first a great deal about that strange silent figure and its horrible association with the accident; bnt of late I had forgotten it almost until now when it all came back to me with vivid distinctness, and I could not help praying inwardly as I took my seat that he might not be my fellow traveller this Christmas Eve; but what was my amazement and horror when just before tlie train started he walked slowly in and took his seat in exactly the tame position as before. My fright now exceeded all bounds. I felt sure that this yenned thing, was & ehadow .in my path. But wby did it assume this shape? I would speak to it at any hazard. I would try once more if tbe Figure hid any identity or whether it was merely a phantoms! the brain, or worse, a real ghost! Summing op my courage, I casually remarked as pleasapfty as I could "We were fellow travellers lastyeaj^l believe"; butagain there was no answer. Then with •supreme effort I touched it aid as belore, it beeaed not at all; and then sinking back in my eeit, my Dares thatteredby the accident and excited by th's caned thing, gave way, and I fell into a feint. When I recovered, again the carriage was empty. Be had made his exit from a train running at 60- mile speed with locked doors, ilv state of mind , ttow bordered on madness. I was becemlBg morbid, and felt certain something 'awful was about «J happen.- This strange silent Figure with the dead pale uce and stony Btare was my Nemesis. I dated not fp> to Redesdale. I might bring the curee, -ftHotever ifcmight be, with me. Amy might eufEer. So, I would at once go back, write a letter to tbs Sgnire Mousing my self on plea of sickness, work or come-. Hung, anything rather than bring me there; and while in (his frame of mind the engine shrieked agd steamed slowly into the station. I should certainly jiave kept to my purpose had not loo alighting observed the -Redesdale groom diving among the luggage for my port-ranteau and effects. Here was an unthought of difficulty. 1 cotiM- not betray myself before him. I felt that itw|p my destiny that I must go, and with an effort LpuUed myself together and in due time arrived JK the Squires. 1 ID spite of all my efforts to tbe contrary they could not help noticing my depression, and Amy took it upon herself to cheer me uf>. She told me there were friends coming to dine on purpose to meet me and that I must not be doll at dinner, and liar efforts during Hie afternoon were so 'iar successful that I ' actually found myself bumming popular sir, as baring pat tbe finishing touch to my war paint, to wit arranged my tie,! left my dressing room and descended the stairs en route for dinner- I met Amy on Qie staircase and we entered the conservatory together; for the interval before dinner is announced " is always heavy, and I had resolvedjnot to go into tbe diawingroom till the last moment. - From one corner of the conservatory one could see the entire drawing \- room, and it was in this IT" 1^ were standing. . -and while Aay was arranging a "button-hole" of rhtt bTorile flower for me, then a correct addition to the dress coat, that bappennimr ta 'look up I raw, leaning with his elbow on the mantel-piece, his gUo E r t! *started back thunderstruck and trembling. I could not speak, but could only aland there pointing in real fear at the horrible man at the fire. Amy tallowed the direction of niy finger, and burst out laughing " I sse it all," >iie said, "It is your ghost of the railway train last year, linvv stupid ot me not to hare thought of it at the time, but you t-xaggerted it so; that is the faniuus philanthropist, Dr Hedmond. lie is, poor fellow, a great sufferer, and has been grcatly afflicted." And then slie explained all. Dr Redmond WAS deaf and duuib and moreover "paralysed in the left arm whicl. would account for" liis silence when sjioken to and touched. He lived almost on the line ten miles from lite licdi'sdalcterminus, and wa6 almost daily noing to and fro to London. As lie \v is a director whenever he travelled tbe driver pulled up at a cutting near his residence, and as he was provided with a railway key the whole mystery of his exit and entrance was explained. Come on in, you silly boy, and let me introluce you," Amy said laughing, "and," ahe added "can you talk the dumb language?" I could like a native, and I told her so, :nd I entered the drawingroom with her a man once more; and here I take leave of my readers, becausc^'lie further doings at Redesdale Ilall and it« occupants have nothing to do with my story, merely remarking that tliii sketch like all other supernatural stories has uotliing init after all. Tiiey all admit of explanation. If I had stuck to wy resolve and gone back to town my ghost would never have been laid. 1 should have lived on a believer in a great deal of rublisli; a con vert to superstition, and this would not have been, as it is, the first time I haye thonclit about and told the story of « MY GHOST.' 