i;ji THE SOLDIER'S STORY. Told at the Races. My comrade, Jim Bnoklo, aaya to mo last night, says he, "Tom, are you going to tho races »" " Why, what a chap you are," aaya I. "Don't yon know aa you are for buim to-morrow?" " What o'. that l". aaya Jim "Why," enys I, " you don't aupposo as I'm agoin' to go to races, ' single file,' without no'er a comrade, do you ?" " No," says Jim " but I'll tell you what we'll do. - We are short-handed in the corps, you know, so I can't ask another ohap to tako my guard ; but look hero, old lad, l'vo got ten ' bob and haro it is. Now, then, just you go to the captain, and get a pass, then step off by aiuglo files from the' right, ard enjoy yourself like a soldier and a gentle, man." " But, Jim," e'ays I, " What's tho use of a fellow going on the spreo without his comrade?" "All aorts or uae," says Jim; "tho corps wants . representation ; m> to tho races, and represent the oorpa." j beloDg to the looal artillery corps, and I went to tho racos, and represented it, I ro(j0 second "claps, for jl don't think a soldier even when he haa ten " hob" in his pocket — ought to get into a carriage where an officer might happen to come, though I've seen ' volunteer!) do it ; but then — well volnnteers ain't a bad sort, takin' 'em all together. Well,, at last 1 got to the racecourse and boing vory dull for want of a comrade! and very dry on account of thirst, I hooked it up tho Hill, and had a drink at tho first refreshment tent as happeued to como handy. "Pint n' boor with a canteen head on ic," I Baya to tho chap as war sorving out the drinks. "You'io Tom Nokea, or his onst iron ghost !" shontB tho barman, "and wo was oomrades in tho jolly old ' Ramping Roaher.5?'!' " j looked at him, and, by Juvo, thore lie war and no mistake. Tho ohap who was ladling out the swipes was Billy Stringer, who used to bo our orderly-room aergoaut in the dear old COih. I ouoht to have Raid before that I took "Queen's pay " long boforo I joinol tho ".GaiTison Artillery Cor; a.., Alter wo had Bhaken handB with each othor, our throats got a b.t lumpy, and our eyes got a bit watery ; bcooa, you see, we'd been old "pals," and got dt-vilish near being blower! up togetaer over a mine in tho " mutiny times." do wo had a drink, and; a good long 'un it was, I can tell yon. "So you 'vo got tho old oloth on," said Billy. "Woll," sayB I, "if I niut got exactly tho o'd cloth on, I've got a neio ' 'un, whioh is a uncommon goad imitatirn of it ; " and when 1 said that, a lot of gentle men who wsb standing near, begins, to laugh, and ono of 'em — a chap with a fine straight pair of eyes, and a long yellow moustache — says, "That's a real Tommy Atkins, I'll Hweur ! " Every soldier, you know, is christened "Tommy Atkins" by the articles of war in the "pay-book." " Beg pirdon, air," says I, "You'll excuse an old soldier ; hut I'm certain sure, by tho way you spoke just now, that you aro au officer or know the sorvico, and if I might make eo bold, is your nsmo Campboll ?" "Why do you ask?" says he. " Be cause " I. says, I was 'hitman ' to Captain Roderick Campbell of the 00th in the Crimea, and if you ar'nt his brother yon ought to he, for you're the ' spit' of him." "Do yon know that follow?" said the gen tleman, opening a locket whioh was hang ing to his watch chain, and showing me a photogrsph. "By the Lord I do ! " said I. "That'B a 'Troop Cimpbeli' who 1-d ur with tho 1 six hundred' at Balaklavn 1" " And never came back again said the gentle man. "Yos, eir, he did," paid I. "He cams hack across the pommel of my saddle, but he had a bullet through his head, and God bless his memory ! ' VVhen I said that I felt quite ashamed of myself, boeause tears began to flow down the gentleman's fnoo, and it seemed to me that it was not a sokliei like thing for a man to talk of (low ho had tried to do his duty to his officer under fire, and stick to . him, dead or alive. " So you were iu iny brother's troop," said the gentleman, after a bit. " That I was, sir," says I, "arid if ever a gentleman deserved to command a troop, it was ' A Troop Campbell !' — I beg pardon eir, I mean your brother as was killed." "Well, my man, "said tho gentleman, " Will yon drink a gloss with me to tho memory of old times ?" I could'nt refuse, of aonrse, so wo had a glass, bat wo deuced near got choked both of ur. Tho grog did'nt roll well over the lumps in our throats. After we had done, the gentleman — "A Troop Campbell's" brother — said, " what's yoar name ?" " Tom Nokes," says I. "Well then, Tom Nokes," eays "A Troop Campbell's" brothor, "if you want to pet married at any time, give this card to the manager of tho Buk of Now South Wales, and he will take jolly good oare that yon have a good start in the housekeeping line." Before I had time to say a word " A Troop Campbell's" brothor hookod it. "Woll, ! left the tent, and humbugged shout all over "The Hill," but I felt dull like, for I had no comrade, and a soldier can't drink by himBelf, you know. Tho eight of "A Troop Campbell's" brother hid brought up old thoughts, and they weren't Welcome ouee neitnor, for the Hussions shot my poor old brother Jack the earn a day as they bowled over "A Troop Campboll." 'Well, I bow a race or two, for I felt ashamed to go hack to barracks without having seen something ; but aa the horses flew part they didn't, somehow, seem to mo to be racehorses at all, for I couldn't help thinking that they woro a " squad " of "Ours" going to capture a gnn wbioh "A Troop Campbell" was tryingto take einglo- handed. Then I began to think about poor old Jack, as I last saw him, when, after splitting the ugly ekull of tho Coseaok who speared Captain Campbell, he himself fell dead across the gnn, with the "lasso" rope in his tilt and an ounce of Russian had in his hoare. 1 hardly know how to explain what f felt, but the more I got amongst the crowd the more lonely I seemed to he. At last I began tn think that, under the cirou in stances, the Victoria Barracks would bo quite aa lovely a quarter as the Flomington Race course, so 1 went to Billy Stringer's tent, had a drink with him, and asked him to come and tako "potluok" at our "mess'' to morrow. " Wbo won the rnco?" said Jim Buckle. " Blorved if I know," said I, 