TOOWOOMBA II Uli DL in RACE MEETING. (BY OUR BPltOIAli JCIU'OIITKU.) SiTiinuAY, August' 2. JUDGE-lion James Taylor, M LC , stow in da Messrs G B King J Wonderly), 1 hollins Perkins, G Hamilton, T" G Robinson, W Kent, him, and 6 H Davenport, liciisuroi-Mi ii Spiro, starter Mr O S Walker , clerk of the course ill J Annand The first Hurdle Race Meeting which has taken place under i the auspices of the Darling Downs Jockey Club has proud an unqualified success, notwithstanding the opinion of not a few that the whole scheme was Utopian, and bound to prove far cure 'I have not excellent sport, the old goat attendances ever witnessed on the course, and what more could possibly be desired In fact the whole working a thorough tannin! runs in J non oom ha la i fully worth the consideration of members of the Metropoli- tun Club how it (comes about that the loo Doomben race meetings invariably prove so successful, and why we who chum for hours h is the position of being the leading club in the colony cannot keep pace with our country cousins, for most assuredly we cannot do so Where all the people home from who attend the Toowoomba race meetings is a mystery, and although purchasers give what might be considered almost fabulous pi ices for the gate, booths, and stand, they always appeal to recoup themselves most satisfactorily satisfied are the promoters of the past meeting with the success that attended their claim to, that they have determined upon instituting an annual hurdle race meeting, to take place subsequent to the Royal Agricultural Show, us was the case on the present occasion; and with this object in view they purpose to form a second course inside the present one to be devoted ox presently to this object 'The (grand stand will IIIOWIBO be considerably improved, and the timing saloon enlarged, for, capacious us it is at present, it proved on the past occasion far too small to accommo into the large number who sought admittance Mr Lucas, the lessee, did hill that circumstances would permit of to convenience union by body, and if he v, o of not successful it was certainly not his fault The morning subsequent to the Show saw a good many depart for their various homes, but their places were speedily supplied brothers, and mory house of accommodation continued full to overflowing 'the verandah of the Royal Hotel of a morning presented quite an animated appearance, for those who could not manage to get a bed there made it a Bolt of head quarters where they could meet together and discuss matters appertaining to the approaching meeting What betting there was, and it was at times pretty brisk, nearly all took place under the verandah," which certainly never presented such a scene of excitement as it did on Saturday morning after breakfast 20 to 1 about naming the four winners, and from 7 to 10 to 1 any double, were about the ruling prices, winkst even money about Llaatio for the big event, and 2 to li to 1 anything also found eager acceptors 'the owner of the favorite backed his horse like a Trojan, and put everybody on that he could to do the same, and the cheers Hutt greeted the loans victory must have been highly gratifying to him 'the course, encroaching it, was found to born splendid order, whilst The weather, for the season of the year, was deliciously warm He ore were four events on the program for discussion, much of which had filled well, there being hurdle race The various officials dis charged their duties, as they always do, with satisfaction to everybody, and take it on the whole I very much doubt if a more enjoyable race meeting was over witnessed in the colony for the Euston Plate, the first event of the day, there were six entrances, and Blues at once became a very hot favorite, for although not so fit as he might have been made had loin Sowerby known that he was intended to run, he was still considered good enough, with M'Ahstcr up, to defeat the crowd opposed to him Euca lying, with his own on his back, would have been considered a good thing if there were any certainty as regards the jumping, but us Mr Khama himself would not back him, knowing well that it was no certainty, the public kept oil likewise 'The horse, however, went to the front very early in the race, never refused any thing, and cut his fluid down in a most workmanlike manner 'torn Buokot UniBhod a good second, and Bluzos third, the latter's condition being unequal to the distance SI) boots came down at the last flight or he would certainly have obtained a position The hurdles were all bushed and extended right across the course, so that there was no avoiding them, unless a horse made a decided baulk or bolted off the running. The Selling Hurdle Race saw four at the starting post, public opinion being much divided as regarded a first favorite. Ono rough looking customer, owning to the euphonious appellation of Buhudowall, und posacBBing an especial long tail), quite raised the indignation of an old friend of mine, who considered it a disgrace to Bturtlum, the rough one, however, won both heats easily, very much to the astonish- ment of a good many, my friend in particular, who " knows a thing or two" quite as well as here and there one. Next came the big event of the meeting, and a fine race it proved, although won very easily at the finish Those who had not seen Elastic and who had heard of him only by repute were most anxious to catch a glimpse of the horse, before making his appearance in the saddling paddock his supporters had accepted even money about him, and when he was once seen, those who had laid and stood the field to pull them through, did not like it a little bit, and hedged their money right and left whenever obtainable at any price. The horse stripped in splendid order, and his appearance was all in his favor as he is a long raking looking customer, showing plenty of breeding, and somewhat of the Zanco stamp. Sir Watkin did Tom Sowerby great credit, be looked better than ever he had previously stripped in the colony, and he ran a good race for three parts of the distance He was ridden however, with very bad judgment, for had he been kept behind instead of being taken to the front at on early portion of the race, the finish would have most certainly proved a much closer one Shakespeare was far from being fit-ho find a jaded appearance and looked to be overdone. Nobby, upon whom a good many local men pinned their faith, was the picture of health and condition, and with such a well known man as M'Alister up, his friends were very confident, and accepted 2 to 1 about him at the last moment The prize, however, was too hot for him all the way, and he had not the ghost of a chance after being cannoned against us he was at one of the leaps by some inebriated mdi v refund, who deserved sending to Woogaroo for HIS months Harlequin, n corky looking chestnut, was in fun bush condition, and ran an honest horse throughout, taking all his jumps like a workman, The race was really a fine sight to witness When the horses went down to the starting, post, Elastic, who was in great heart after proving very fra dons for several minutes, eventually made matters more unsettled by crossing his land logs and coming down, Fortunately, however, without injury to himself or under This quieted him a bit, how old or and being very judiciously ridden by Dwyer, who, seeing his anxiety to go, indulged him with the lead for about half a mile before taking a pull upon him and the horse got over all the eastern tions without making a sit gro mistake eventually winning the race by something like half a distance which might just as well have been a quarter of a mile A better Inn die races than this proved to be I have never witnessed the first leap more es per day presenting a beautiful sight, three horses rising and descending together almost instan- variously Shakespeare broke off at the second hurdle, which destroyed his chance and Nobby fell in consequent of of the inebriated individual before referred to, which at once settled his pretensions The Stowuida' Pinto was looked upon by the majority to be a good thing for Erin although there were a few b wickets for 16 mm who landed then money, is the horse made his own running throughout, and won without over having been interfered with, him finishing a good second, which position he retained after the last quarter of a mile The following are the details of the running for the various on and s - The music PSA in of 30 sons , weight for age miles and a (list nice Mr J James b g Eucalyptus, aged, 9 st 12 lbs (Owner) 1 Mr T Doolan's ch g Tom Rocket, Gun, 9 st 12 lbs (anon) 2 Mr W V Difeby'sehg Blare', aged 9st 11 but (UAlistoi) 8 Mr L L Leeder's br g Bill and, legs 1,0 still lbs (Sinclair) 0 Mr T G Sullivan's b g Slyboots used, 6 st lbs min S lbs one (Kraus) 0 Mr W B Gannon's br g Kildare 3 yrs 7 at 13 Mrs (W White) 3 Betting 2 to 1 v BI1170» mid Euc di plus, 3 to 1 v Kildare, Schools and Burzird As soon as the the, fell Buzzard went off at score, followed by Slyboots, the whole field being close together the first and second hurdles were topped bountifully in the order named and before reaching the third obstruc- tion Juicily ptiiB had forged his way to the front and carried out the running in great style, taking it commanding load of which he was never afterwards deprived. At the third hurdle Iuldaio mine to grief, which settled his pretensions The last hurdle was approached at a rare pace, Eucalyptus sweeping into the street for a minute of his field, with four Booker second, and Slyboots third, illusion being close up to the latter The last jump was won negoti dod by the two leaders, but Slyboots Struck head) and followed on his rider, who was subsequently picked up insensible, the ltd also being, broken his arm ; this accident enabled By rests secure third place. During the afternoon a testimonial was got upon behalf of 1 VIIIIB, which I am glad to say was liberally subscribed to by nearly the whole of the sporting men present 'IhoSniiiNO Human BAOT of 2sovs , one mile an I n distance is in nts Mr T Doolan's bg Bnhudowall aged, 9st (Green) 1 I Mr 0 Lindonboig'B bg Rugged Boy, aged lOst (M Alister) 2 2 Mr W B Gannon's bile g Biiayfoot, ingots, 10 st. (Siu'oluir) 3 3 Black Jack was scratched. Betting 6 3 to 2 vBuliudoivull,2 to 1 Ragged Boy and Busyfoot. On the word being given, Buayfoot went off with the loud, but baulked at the first obstruc- tion, the other two taking it together in rare style, and running in company throughout, the qiicor-nnmod one getting first over the last hurdle, and winning comfortably by a length or two. Second Kout.-Busyfoot jumped well, and at one time established It good load, thereby rais- ing the hopes of his backers immensely. Before reaching the second hurdle, however, the others caught line, and, topping the last hurdle together, " the long tailed 'up" again won easily with plenty to spare. 'The TOOWOOMBA a HAND HANDICAP HURDLE BAOl'.,of 5 says, each, with 100 SOVS. added ; the sweep to go to Ihn Second horse. Three miles and a distance. Mr. W. Kent, jun,, rn, g. Elastic, aged, 9st. 7lbs. (Dwyer) 1 Mr. T. G. Robinson's br. g. Sir Watkin, aged, 10st. und 3lbs, over ... (Evans) 2 Mr. Higginson's ch. g. Harlequin, aged, 9st. 7lbs" and 20 lbs. over (W. Hopkins 3 Mr. J. Little's b. g. Nobby, aged, 10 St. (M'Alister) d Mr. Doolan's b. g. Shakespeare, aged, 10st. 7lbs. (Mr Keane) G Betting! 3 to 2 and even money v. Elastic, 2 to 1 v, Nobby, 3 to 1 v. Shakespeare and Sir Watkin. 6 to 1 v. Harlequin. Elastic, who was very impatient at the start, was indulged with the lead, and he made the running at a fair pace, followed by Shakespeare and Sir Watkin. Those three look the first flight of hurdles almost abreast beautifully, the remaining two following them at a short die Junee. Dwyer bore steadied. JCluatio, and Sir Watkin took up the running. At the second obstacle Shakespeare shied off and lost many lengths before he could be recovered 3 in the meantime the others progressed steadily, Harlequin gradually forging ahead to the front and taking the fourth hurdle first, followed by Sir Watkin, Elastic, and Nobby in the order named. Before the next jump was negotiated Sir Watkin had again resumed premier position, Klustio still going on second, the pace improving, and being evidently too fast for Nobby, who came down at this leap, having been cannoned against by a horseman. McAlister was quickly up, however, and in full pursuit again of the leader. At the seventh hurdle, being about a mile and a distance from home, Elastic, who had been ridden a waiting race, was again taken to the front ; and he gradually increased his load at the option of his rider, eventually coming home an easy winner by something like half a distance, Sir Watkin being second some lengths ahead of Harlequin, who finished third. There was great cheering when the winner returned to scale, the horse, his owner, and rider coming in for a perfect ovation when the result was declared. The STEWARDs PLATE of 1 Roy. each, with 30 Sovs, added ; 12 mile. Mr. J. Talbot's b.g. Priam, aged, 7 it. 10 lbs. (T. Ourroll) 1 Mr. J. Benjamin's ch.g. Erin, aged, 8 st. 12 lbs. (Turner) 2 Mr. J. Finnie's b.g. Eucalyptus, aged, 7 at. 7 lbs. (Carey) 3 Mr. W. Vanneck'fl b.g. Sir Richard, 3 years, 7 st. 4 lbs. (Barry) Utd, Betting 5 Even on Erin, 3 to 2 v. Priam. This race needs little or no description, Priam going to the front when the starter's flag fell, and maintaining his position throughout, although warmly pressed by Erin at the finish. Sir Richard, when almost bead'and-head with the leader, bolted at the first turn. A Hunux Bcnanr concluded a very enjoyable day's sport. 