THE GRAZIER._ The Bathurst Burr. IN a contemporary, the Sydney Mail, of tl 8th instant, an article appeared (" Notes c Queensland, by^Gcorj/e Bennett, M.D., F..L.I &c;, &e.;'') wherein it was scated that sever; injurious weeds wore " rapidly spending" : that colony ; among others it was mentiuuei that-"that pest to fcbe sheep owners, tl Bathumi Burr, Medicujó Liipulina, was ah seen, but not. fortunately, so plentiful as tl other plants." Now there tire two burrs common m th colony, the ont; known as the Bathurst Burr, a native of South "Europe ; the other, as tb Trefoil Burr, or the Scotch Burr, also an ii troduced plant. The first is .a member of tb composite family of plants (Axtoraceco <: Lindley), and is the Zanthium spinomm of bot ..mists. The latter belongs to the family c tribe of leguminous plants (Fabacece of th same author), and is the Medicuyo nigra o European botany. It is understood tha neither of these burrs have yet spread muci in Queensland, and that there is there som anxiety about their introduction to the newe settlements, the serious detriment they hav proved to New South Wides having cautionei che people of that northern colony. We, o thia colony, know but too well what darnag< they have doite here. And though it has bee] sought to legislate with a view to their exter mination, the ino ve ra in the matter havt hitherto failed, chiefly because the propose) measures seemed likely to prove arbitrary and also it was i bought, owing to the ver widespread of the infection, impossible to" ac complish, It has been asserted by competent authority i. e., wool brokers, and wool staplers ant: sorters, that the clip from districts whert these burrs aro most prevalent is, as a genera rule, reduced m value to the extent of ;É25 pei cent., and that there ¡ire numerous instances of individual wool grower's produce being de. predated 50 per cent. At agricultural meet ings in Sydney, also, instances have been giver of wool which it was said would readily sell for fifteen peuce per pound at the time (Í858), if free from these burrs, but which would not in the condition they were in then from them, fetch more than seven or eight pence per lb. It is probable that, in the fourteen yearB that have passed since these statements were pub lished, the spread of these burrs will have quite kept pace with the increase of our flocks, and that therefore the aggregate depreciation in the selling price of our wool is in the same ratio now as then. In the newspapers we oc casionally read of these burrs masing their ap pearance in the far off interior. They have found their way to various points along the Murray, the Murrumbidgee, and the other great water courses flowing in the same direc tion, and, no doubt we would find more fre quent reference to them were it not that they have become so common that the country press do not consider allusion to them would have any interest, or at any rate sufficient interest to please the subscribers, these knowing all about these pests already. These features being taken into consideration it may be assumed that ¡it least one half of the pasture grounds of the colony is now under the influence of the weeds referred to, and therefore that we may calculate that at the very least their presence inflicts a loss upon the colony, every year, to the extent of one-eighth of the value of its produce m wool-an annual loss that will go on increasing until it reaches to much greater than the present very large proportions unless means are taken to extermi nate or check thc evil. Tiie enormous loss thus so clearly indicated, ought most assuredly to meet with most serious attention on tho part of both Government ¡ind people. The evil en tails a present loss as great, ¡ind in prospect a greater loss than could bo entailed by the spread of the scab in sheep, now happily stamped out,"though at a very large cost. It is probable that for a less sum judiciously ex pended these two plants could boas eifectually dealt with ; but could it be clearly demon strated that they could be "stamped cut" at even ten times a greater sacrifice, it would be a very profitable undertaking in view of the welfare of tho whole colony. It is clear that millions-who can say how many ? of money have been lost sinee the introduction of these two plants by the efi'eet of their seed bun's in our wool, and the consequent depre ciation in its market value. And this might have been entirely avoided by the exercise of a very little ca-e, and a very moderate amount of pbytological knowledge. Tho appointment of a phytologist even ns au inspector of weeds, is thus shown to be of equal or even greater importance than the appointment of a stock or scab inspector, while the cost would not be nearly so great. In the one case sub-inspectors arc required, in the other they would not bo. Had such au officer existed at the time of thc first introduc tion of these costly burrs, there need ^ot havo been thc los-s of a solitary crown piece by them, and that enormous saving would have been effected by the performance of what would doubtless li ave boen considered one of the least important ol' hin functions or duties. Even if steps to prevent their further spread thirty, twenty, or even ten years ago, a vast gain to tho colony would have resulted. The Trefoil burr I'M more difficult to sepp riito from the wool than the ot her, and no fur it ia u worse burr, but it will not grow or spread over such, a wide area as the Bathurst burr. '1 he latter will grow in the most barren as in the most fertile soil, while the former ! confines itself to rich spots only, yet it would ; probably be the more difficult to exterminate, but ib would be quite possible to banish both, ; and the sooner a commencement (which should ' first tiiclcle the Zauthinm) is made tho better. Assuredly it will have to be done some time, and the longer the time it is left untouched the more costly it will be, both in the loss it occasions, and the increased quantity that will require handling. The plant mentioned in the article alluded to at tb« commencement of this paper is pro bably the Trefoil burr, for it is not likely that the writer, whose erudition Í3 too well known for that to be thought, could have made Buch a mistake us to place our Bathurst Burr as a Medicugo. But, then, there remains the possibility, and when the antecedents of the author are considered, the probability that the name mentioned may be a local one for a burr, not yet known in this colony. And if such should prove to be the case, it should be looked after, for destruction, in Queensland, and to prevent its introduction, either by sea or land, to this colony. This consideration it Avas which suggested the commencement of this notice, and it is hoped that it may be productive of good to both colonies. The two burrs we have, are bad enough to make us feel alarmed at the thought of a third which may possibly be more troublesome still. There is no doubt whatever about the utility, it may be said ¡almost the absolute necessity, for the appointment of some pevson of effi ciency to look after this very important matter. Burrs and weeds, or rather this, with others, also of first importance, and requiring the same kind of knowledge. There are numerous plants all over the country whose properties require testing, both in regard to considera tions of toxicological as well as others of a more directly commercial character. Who knows whether or not thousands of our cattle and sheep yearly perish from the effects of dele terious qualities m some of our in digenous vegetation. Nothing is more likely, and yet no inquiry is attempted. Large tracts of land even close to the chief ports are laying absolutely waste, covered with useless scrub. These might be made available for commerce by the . most simple means, with the exercise of the same kind of knowledge. Millions upon millions of acres of fertile land are lying in the in terior all but useless, for want ©f herbs or grasB of such a nature as would give food for stock, where now there is none or at least scanty. Probably by the introduction of plants from other parts of the world, these would become, by spontaneous dissemination, as in the case of the Bathurst burr, rich pastures. Cultures, conservations, but there is no end of the oppor tunities and feasible promises which would be rea lised by the devotion of a single intellect to the one particular object, or rather class of objects, which it is difficult for any but a genu ine studient of phytological science to imagine. Someday the state will have to take these matters up in a much broader sense than the foregoing remarks indicate, if the country is to fulfill a destiny to which everything belong ing to it clearly points, if we except the want of a due appreciation of them by the people, or at all events, the foremost amongst them. But such a provision as has been pointed out might well be made now. In fact it should have been made many years ago ; and even now it would greatly promote the proper work of departmental action if it preceded that by only a few years ; and really it is time that we learned at least a trifle of our position and prospects as one of the nations of the earth. At present we are practically in utter ignorance of our capabilities as we are also of our defects. We as yet know not whether our country is calculated to support a nation of indépendant, self-reliant manhood, or a mere grovelling, dependant horde of servile creatures, not far removed from the ape, through which animal, according to the teach ing of Darwinism, the best of us have been passed whilst developing into our prosent and yet imperfect condition. Small as the matters referred to may seem to the mere casual thinker of the every-day typo' or to any who rest contented without a thought of the future of the country-without the ghost of an idea as to the necessity for, or the value of a well founded and well studied peep into it's near future : yet they arc the very lifespring-tho most essential essence of our wellbeing as a civilized, happy, and prosperous people. They are, besides, and in fact fraught with the most prodigious consequences, and even now as wo have seen, grand as has been tho growth of Australia, she is only a mere child-a puny weakling-compared with what she might have been aud probably would have been now, had Buch matters received due at tention instead of the utter and unwise con tempt or neglect that it has been our lot and our loss to accord to them in all the past, and in the present time. All other worldly con cerns full into insignificance as compared with them, and tho sooner we recognise that truth, the better for us. The destinies in store for tho country are unmistakably indicated in her gifts. We are mero instruments in fulfilling the designs of Omnipotence, and, as such, it is both our duty and our interest to employ our " talents " to tho utmost in furtherance of those designs. We cannot deny this j then let us no longer neglect it ! 