LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. -7. The Queensland portion of the incoming English mail will in all probability leave Sydney this morn ing, and may therefore be expected to reach Brisbane on Thursday evening at the latest. The Ipswich letters should therefore be delivered on Friday morn. ing. We bear that one of the canards circulated in BriE. bane on Saturday in order to mislead the electors was that a monster meeting was to be held here the same evening to call on Mr. B. Cribb to resign. The annual race-meeting of the North Australian Jockey Club, which opens here to-morrow, promisees to be the most interesting we have had for years past. We understand that all the horses have accepted for the two principal handicaps with the exception of Johnny Smoker and Challenger-the former having been sold to go up north after the Brisbane meeting, and the latter .having come tp grief at his last en counter. Zuanco is the faiourite in town, bitseneotoi with the weight she has is expected to make the run ning hot for the grey. The majority of the horses arrived in town on Saturday and yesterday; and the course had a large number of visitors on the latter morning. TwIo Drum-Major coltsa of Mr. Carpendale' are also in town, on their way to Toowoomba, where their debat will be made. The lovers of the drama in this town had such a treat afforded them last evening as was never before placed before an Ipswich audience. Mr. Morton Tavares, with a large and powerful dramatic caorps, played Shakespeare's tragedy of "Hamlet," in which the entire strength of the company was displayed to ndonubted advantage. The acting throughout the whole play was the best that we have ever had in this town, And was well appreciated by the audience. Mr. Tavares's Homfet was an almost unexeeptionable performance, while the Ophelia of Miss Surteea was worthy to be ranked with the beat impersonations of the character we have ever witnessed-the mad scene having been particularly well acted. Mr. Seagreave took The ring, Madame Laporte The Queen, Mr. Newton Horatio, Mr. Hasker Palominu, Mr. Douglas Toe Ghost, and Mr. Poole TheGraeedigger; and each acquitted himself well. The subordinate parts were ably sustained by the Sisters, Miss Patty Holt, and other ladies of the company. . At the close of the play Mr. Tavares apologised for the ab sence of the Volunteer Band, the members of which had engaged to be present, but had disappointed him. This evening "Othello, the Moor of Venice," will he played in full; and it is to be hoped that the opportunity of witlering the masterpieces of Shake. spearo so ably broualt out will be availed of by our townspeople, and that they will turn out in large nombers while the company remains in Ipswich. We have very great pleasure in complying with a request from Dr. Jaep that we would intimate to our readers that he is desirous to obtain donations of pictures with which to decorate the walls of the new wards at the Lunatic Asylum. There is nothing per haps so likely, at so small a cost, to minister to the pleasure of the patients as engravings, &e.;, of interest ing subjects, the frames of which need not be of ano expensive kind. The surgeon-superintendent appears to be exerting himself in every way to amuse the poor people under hin charge, and the public should do all in their power to assist him in his laudable endeavours. The committeo of the arm union drawing of St. Stephen's Church in this town announced the post ponement of the drawing fora few weeks, on account of the non-return of tickets from some of the outside districts. Arrangements are, however, being made to push the matter to as early a close as possible. Before the Registrar of the Suprema Court on Friday last, in the goods of the late Mr. Thomas S. Spencer, of Brisbane River, administration was granted to the widow of the deceased gentleman. The per sonalty was sworn under £200. On the Queen's Birthday a new Good Templar lodge,named " Germania,' wasopened by the Germans of Maryborough. At the Police Court on Saturday last, John Parker alias John Derin was brought up in custody charged with steallog two land warrants, and was remanded until the 2nd June. He was again brought up yes terday and was discharged, no further evidence being forthcoming. Onepatient inthe Lunatic Asylum--JohnM'Callum, late of Bald Hills-died on the Slst ultimo of epilepsy, aged 47 years. No other change occurred during last week. The trafic earnings of the Southern and Western Railway for the week ending on the 24th of May last were-Passenger fares, £480 2s. 6d.; goods and live stock, £1368 19s. 11d.; parcels and miscellaneous, £75 2s. Id.-total, £1909 4s. d. . Increase on cor responding week last year, £440 6s. 8d. MAEAVILLACOCOA.O-The Glotesays, "Tinon BaoTEaEs' Maravills Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." For further favourable opinions vide Standard, Morning Post, Britishl Medical Journal, &c.;, &?. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made in one minute without boiling. The above articles are prepared exclu steively byToB?toaBafaTmEE,tlbelargestmanufacturersin Europe, and sold in tin-lined packets only by Store keepers and others all over the world. Steam Mills, Brick-lane, London. Export Chiomry Mills, Bruges, B slgtum. 1?, 