THE CAPTAIN OF THE VULTURE. CHAPTER V.—(CONTINUED). MILLICBNT MEETS HER HUBBARD'S 6BADOW. Bf THE AUTHOR OF "Lady Auditi/s Secret," "Aurora Floyd," dc., dc., <tc, THE little inn at which George Duke wa 1 stopping faced the water, and Millicent could see tbe lights on board the Vulture gleaming far away through the winter night, irom the window of the little parlor where supper was laid out ready for tbe traveller. " At what o'clock do you sail, George V she asked. . " A little before midnight. You can go • down to tbe pier with me, and you (can get back to Compton by the return coach to morrow morning." " I will do exactly as you please. Will this voyage be a long one, George ?" "Not long. I shall be back in three months et tbe latest." Her heart sank at his ready answer. She was always so much happier in her husband's absence than when he honored her with bis company—happy in her trim little cottage, her stout good-tempered servant, the friends who had known her from childhood, her favorite romances, her old companion tbe faithful brown and white spaniel—happy in all these—happy too in her undisturbed memories of Darrell Markham. While George and his wife were seated at tbe little supjser table, one of tbe servants of tbe inn came to say that Captain Duke was wanted. " Who wants me 7" he asked impatiently, " A man wrapped in a horseman's coat, and with bis hat over his eyes, Captain." • " Did you tell hint that I was busy ; that I was just going to sail 7" ." I did, Captain ; but be says that be mnst see you. He has travelled above two hundred miles on purpose." An angry darkness spread itself over tbe Captain's handsome face. " Curse all such unseasonable visitors'^ !" be exclaimed savagely. " Let bim come u . stairs. Here Millicent," he added, when the waiter bad left the room, " take one of those candles, and go into the opposite chamber, it is my sleeping-room. It will be best for me to see this man alone. Quick, girl, quick." Captain Duke thrust the candlestick into Lis wife's band with an impatient gesture, and almost pushed her out of the room in his flurry and agitation. She hurried across tbe landing-place into tbe opposite chamber, but not before she bad recognised in the man ascending the stairs the outside passenget who bad followed tbe Captain and herself in tbe High-street; not before she had beard her husband say, as be ehut the parlor door upon himself and his visitor— " You. here! By heaven I thought as much. Some logs burned upon the open hearth in the Captain's bed-cliamber, and Millicent seated herself on a small stool before the warm blaze. She sat for upwards of an hour wondering at this stranger's lengthened interview with her luisband. Once she went on to the landing to ascertain if the visitor bad left. He was still with tbe Captain. She heard the voices of the two men raised as if in .'anger, but she could not hear their words. . The clock was striking eleven as the parlor door opened and the stranger descended the stairs. Captain Duke crossed the landing place and looked into the bedroom where Millicent sat brooding over tbe fire. " Come," he said; " I have little better than half an hour to get off; put on your cloak and come with me." ft was a bitter cold night. The moon waB nearly at the full, and shone .upon the long atone pier apd the white quays with a steely light tbat'gare a ghostly brightness to every object upon which it fell. The outlines of the old- fashioned houses along tbe quay were cut black and sharp against this blue light; every coil of rope and idle anchor, every bag of ballast lying upon the edge of tbe parapet, every chain and post, and iron ring attached to the solid masonry, was distinctly visible in this winter moonlight. The last brawlers had left tbe tavern on tbe quay, the last stragglers bad deserted tbe narrow streets, the last dim lights had been extinguished in tbe upper windows, and Marlty Water, at a little after eleven o'clock, was as tranquil as tbe quiet churchyard at Coropton-on-tbe-Moor. Millicent ehivered as sbe walked by ber husband's side along the quay. He bad not spoken to ber since be had bade ' her accompany bim to the pier. Once or twice she glancedat bim furtively. Sbe could see the sharp lines of bis profile clearly defined against the luminous atmosfad some trouble on histmnd. They turned here, and she. could see by his face that' he off the quay on to tbe pier, which stretched ' far out into the water. " The boat is to wait for me at the other end,"; said Captain Duke. "The tide haB turned and the wind is in our favor." '• ' He walked for some time in silence, Milli- 'eent watching him timidly all the while; presently be turned to her and said,abruptly— " Mistress George Duke, have you a ring or firiy ?uch foolish trinket about you f" . •, "A ring, Oegrgef" abe said, bewildered by i the suddenness of the question. •• ." A ring, a brooch, a locket, a ribbon, anything which'you could swear to twenty , years hence if need be," " '' Sbe bad a locket hanging about her throat which had been given to her by Darrell on.her , birthday j a locket containing one eoft ring' of her cousin's, auburn hair, tbanwhioh she would have sooner parted with her life. "A locket 3" she said, hesitatingly. " Anything I Have I not said before, .anything ,, " I hare the little diamond earrings in my ears, -George, the earrings you brought me Spain?' ' , "Give me one of them,then; I have a fancy to take some .token -of you with me on my yoya^, jjTh^wring.wiudo." .. , ' ( rw<mdw'«t' his uijfsklng. "trinket; W * i L '"ITfais fa fcttet Itytt^tytbttitf' 'he>¥afd, ' "lite earrings of a rare pattern. .Remember, Millicent, tbe man who comes to youand calls himself your husband, yet cannot give you this diamond earring, will not be George Duke," " What do you mean, George ?" " When I return to Compton, ask me for the fellow jewel to that in your ear. If I cannot show it to you—" " What then, George f" " Drive me from your door as an impostor." " But I should know you, George; wbat need should I have of any token to tell me who you were f" " You might have need of it, Strange things bappen to men who lead such a life as mine. I might be taken prisoner abroad, and kept away from you for years. But whether I come back three months hence, or ten years hence, ask me for the earring,' and if I cannot produce it, do not believe in me." " But you may lose it," " I shall not lose it." " But T can't understand, George " " I don't ask you to understand," replied tbe Captain impatiently; " I only ask you to remember what I say, and to obey me.' He relapsed into silence. They walked on towards the farther end of the long pier, the moon sailing high in the cloudless sky before them, their shadows stretching out behind them black upon the moonlit stones. They were half a mile from the quay, and they were alone upon the pier, with no sound to wake the silence bnt the echoes of their own footsteps and tbe noise of tbe waves dashing against tbe stone bulwarks. The Vulture's boat was waiting at the end of the pier. Captain George Duke took his wife in his arms and pressed bis lips to her oold forehead. " You will have a lonely walk back to the inn, Millicent," he SBid; " but I have told them to make you comfortable, and to see you safely off by the return coach to-morrow morning. Good-bye, and God bless you. Remember what I have told you to-night." Something in his manner—a tenderness that was strange to him—touched her gentle heart. She stopped him as he was'about to descend the 6teps. " It has been my unbappiness that I have never been a good wife to you, George Duke. I will pray for your 6afety while you are far away upon the cruel sea. The Captain pressed her trembling little hand. " Good-bye, Millicent," he Baid, " and remember." Before she could'answer him he was gone Sbe saw tbe men push the boat off from the she heard the regular strokes of the oars splashing through the water, the little craft skimming lightly over the surface of the waves. He was gone; sbe could return to ber quiet cottage at Compton. her novel reading, her old fripnds, her undisturbed recollections of Darrell Markham. She stood watching the boat till it grew into a black Epeck upon tbe moonlit waters; then fihe slowly turned and walked towards the quay. A long lonely walk at that dead hour of the night for such a delicately nurtured woman as Millicent Duke 1 She was not a courageous women either; rather over-sensitive and nervous, as the reader knows; fond of reading silly romances such aB people wrote a century ago, full of mysteries and horrors, of haunted chambers, secret passages, midnight encounters, and masked assassins. Tbe clocks of Marley Water began to strike twelve as she approaohed tbe centre of tbe desolate pier. One by one the different iron voices slowly rang out the hour ; smaller voices in tbe distance taking up tbe sound, until all Marleyij.'&nd; all tbefcea, seemed to Millicent's fancy, tremulous with the sonorous vibration. As the last stroke from tbe last clock died away end the sleeping town relapsed into silence, she beard the 6teady tramp of a man's footsteps slowly approaching her. Sbe must meet him and pass by bim in order to reach the quay. She had a strange vagne fear of this encounter. . He might be a highwayman; he might attack and attempt to rob ber. The poor girl was prepared to throw ber vrse and all ber little trinkets at his feet—all ut Darnell's locket. Still the footsteps slowly approached. The stranger came nearer and nearer in the ghastly moonlight—nearer, until be came face to (ace with Millicent Duke, and stood looking, at her withjtba moonlight shining full upon him. Then she stopped. She meant to have hurried by the man, to have avoided even being seen by him, if possible. But she stood face to face with liim, rooted to tbe ground, a heavy languor paralyzing her limbs, an unearthly chill creeping to the very roots of her hair. Her hands fell powerless at ber sides. Sbe could only stand white and immovable, with dilated eyes staring blankly into the man's face. We wote a blue coat, and a threecornered hat, thrown jauntily upon his head, so as in nowise to overshadow his face. Sbe was alone, half a mile from a human habitation or human help—alone at tbe stroke of midnight with her husband's ghost. It was no illusion of tbe brain; no selfdeception bora of -a fevered imagination. There,line for line, shade for shade, stood a shadow that wore the -outward seeming of George Duke., ^ She reelfed away from the phantom figure, tottered feebly forward for a few paces, and then-snmmoniDg a desperate -courage, rushed blindly on towards the quay, her garments fluttering in the sharp winter air. She was breathless and well-nigh exhausted when she reached the inn. A servant bad waited up to receive ber: the fire burned brightly in the wainscoted little eitting-room; all within was cheerful and pleasant. Millicent fell into the girl's arms and sobbed aloud. " Don't leave me," she said ; "don't leave me atone this terrible night. I have often heard' that such things were, but never knewjbefore .how truly people npoke who told of them. This will be a -bad voyage for. the «hip that sails to- night. I have seen my hdabind'a gbbit." CHAPTER VI. 6AM.V PEOKERXJFTS THE CUBTAIN OP THE , . WST. THE best part of year had dragged out jits slow.-piopptoBtoMS course flincethat -moonlit January night -on- which Millicent Duke bad ieto&d; face, to &oe; with thfi-fihadowxof her hus? bsnd 'bpon'"the long stode pier atMhrley Water. E The atory of ,Captain George Duke's ghost ^hV prettj well Kciown" in the quiet *Uj^OTj?(„,,^fliptpn r^n-th|BsMp?,r f though Millicent bad only told it under tbe seal of secresy to honest Sally Pecker. The wisest of womankind is not without some touch of human frailty. Mrs Sally had tried to keep this solemn secret, but her very reticence was overstrained. There was something more suggestive than words in her pursed-up lips, and the solemn shake of her nead, to say nothing of many a hint Bnd insinuation, dropped ib the hearing of her intimates. . So in three days all Compton knew tbat the hostess at tbe Black Bear had something wonderful on ber mind which sbe " could, an' if she would," reveal to her especial friends and customers. Again, though Millicent might be sole prorietress of that midnight encounter at Marley E ad not Samuel Pecker himself a prior claim upon the Captain's ghost 7 Had be not seen and conversed with the apparition? "I see him as plain, Sarah, as I see the oven and the 6pit as I'm sitting before at this present time," Samuel protested. It was scarcely strange, then, if little by little, dark bints of tbe mystery oozed out until the story became common talk in every village household. The simple country people were very willing to believe in Captain Duke's double, and had no idea of attempting to find some commonplace rational explanation of tbe apparition which had startled Mr Pecker ana Mrs Duke. Everybody agreed in tbe conviction tbat tbe appearance of the shadow boded evil to the substance; and when tbe three months appointed for the voyage of the Vulture expired, and Captain Duke did not return to Compton, the bonest Cumbrians began to look solemnly at one another, and to mutter ominously tbat tbey bad never looked to see George Duke touch British ground alive. But Millicent beard none of these whispers. Shut up in ber cottage, sbe read her wellthumbed romances, sitting in the high-backed arm- chair, with tbe white and brown spaniel at ber feet and Darrell Markham's locket in her bosom. The stout servant-girl went out in the evenings now end then, and beard the Compton gossip; but if ever sbe thought ol repeating it to her mistress, she felt tbe words die away upon ber lips as sbe looked at Millicent's pale face and mournful blue eyes. " Madam has trouble enough," she thought, " without hearing their talk." So she held her peace; and Mrs Duke waited patiently for ber husband's return, tormented by none of those anxieties which besiege the heart of a loving wife, and content to wait his coming patiently to tbe end of her life if need were. Sbe waited a long time. Month after month passed away; the long grass grew deep in the meadows round Compton, and fell in rich waves of dewy green under tbe mower's scythe ; the stackers spread their smooth straw thatch over groups of noble hayricks clustering about tbe firm-bouses; tbe corn began to change color, and undulating seas of wheat and rye faded from green to sickly yellow, which deepened slowly into gold; the ponderous waggons staggered homeward through the perfumed evening air, groaning under their rich burdens of golden grain; tbe flat stubblefields were laid bare to tbe autumn breezes, and tbe ripening berries grew black in tbe hedges; the bright foliage in tbe wood slowly faded out, and the withered leaves fell rustling to tbe pound : the early frost began to sparkle upon the whitened moors in the chilly sunrise ; the pale November fog came stealing over the wide open country, and creeping into Coinpton High Street in the early twilight; as Time, the inexorable, with every changing sign by which be marks h<s course upon tbe face of nature, pursued that one journey which knows no halting-place; and still no tidings of Captain George Duke and the good ship Vulture were heard in Compton. It seemed as if tbe honest villagers bad indeed been strangely near tbe truth when tbey said tbat tbe Captain would never touch British ground again. In all Compton, Millicent Duke was perhaps the ly person who thought differently. " It is - but ten months that be has been away," she said, when Mrs Sally Pecker hinted to her that the chances seemed to be pgainst the Captain's return, and that it might be only correct were sbe to think of putting on mourning ; " it is uot ten months, and George Duke was never an over-anxious husband. If it seemed pleasant or profitable to him to stay away, no thought of me would bring him back any tbe sooner. If it was three years, Sally, I should think little of it, and expect any day to see bim walk into the cottage." " Him as you saw upon tbe pier at Marley, perhaps, Miss Milly," answered Sally solemnly, " but not Captain Duke! Such things as you and Samuel see last winter aren't shown to folks for nothing; and it 6eems a'most like doubting Providence to doubt tbat tbe Captain's been drowned. I dreamt three times that I see my first husband, Thomas Masterson, lying dead upon a bit of rock in the middle of a stormy sea; and I put on widow's weeds after the third time." " But you bad news of your husband's death, Sally, hadn't you V " No more news than his staying away seventeen year and more without sending letter or message to tell that he was living in all tbose yearB, Miss Milly ; and if that ain't news enough to make a woman a widow, I don't know what is!" Millicent was sitting on a low stool at Mrs Sally Pecker's feet, before a cheerful sea-coal fire in tbe landlady's own snug little parlor at the Black Bear. It was a comfort for the poor girl to spend these long wintry evenings with honest Sally, listening to tbe wind roaring in the wide chimneys, counting tbe drops of rain beating against the window-panes, and talking of tbe dear old times that were past and gone. Tbe ordinary enstomers at the Black Bear were a very steady set of people, who came and went at tbe same hours, and ordered the same things from year's end to year's end; so when Sally had her dear young mistress to visit ber, sbe left the feeble Samuel to entertain and wait upon his patrons, and, turning her back to business and tbe bar, took gentle Millioeot's pale golden head upon her koee, and smoothed tbe soft curls witu loving bands, and comforted the forlorn heart with that talk of tbe days gone by which was so mournfully sweet to Mistress George Duke. Long as Sarah Mamerson had been housekeeper at tbe Hall, Millicent never remembered having heard any mention wbateverof the name of Thomas-Masterson, mariner, nor bad she ever questioned honest Bally about that departed individual; but on this dark November evening some chancp word brought Sarah's .first husband into .Mrs. Duke's, thoughts, and •she felt a strange curiosity -about: the dead, -seaman!-'.'«•'->-<• f • " Wrislit) £6'od to you, Salty >he asked j' " ani ^ifl^ou love him r Sally -looked gloomily at the £re for some moments before she answered this question. " "ItVp long "while, ogo, -MiBs Millioent," j sbe feafd f J' farifcit seems, herd, looking back' 1 so far, to remember what was and what wasn't. I was but a pour stupid lass when Masterson first came to Compton." Sbe paused for a moment, still staring thoughtfully at the fire, and then said with n suddenness tbat was.almost spasmbdic, " I did lovo him, Miss Milly, and he warn't good to me.'* "Not good to you, Sally f " He was bitter had, and cruel to me," answered Sally in a suppressed voice, ber eyes kindling-with the angry recollection. " I had a bit of money left me by poor old grandfather, and it was tbat tbe bard-hearted villain wanted, and not me. I bad a few bits of silver-spoons- and a tea-pot as had been grandmother's, and he cared more for them than -for me. I bad my savings that I'd been keeping ever since I first went to service, and he wrung every guinea from me, and every crown-piece, and shilling, and copper, till be left me without clothes to cover me, and almost without bread to eat. You see me here, miss, with Samuel, having of my own way in everything, and managing ot -him like; and perhaps it's my recollection of having been ill-used myself, and tbo thought of what a man can be if once be gets the upper band, tbat makes me rather sharp with Pecker. You wouldn't believe I was the same woman if you'd seen me with Masterson. I was afraid of bim, Miss Millicent—I was afraid of him !'" Tbe very recollection of her dead husband seemed to Btrike terror to tbe stout heart of tbe ponderous Sarah. She cowered down over the fire, clinging to Millicent as if she would have turned for protection even to that slender reed, and, glancing across her shoulder, looked towards tbe window behind ber, as if she expected to see it Bbaken by some more terrible touch than that of the wind and the ly ! soothingly—for it was now her turn to be the comforter—" why were you afraid of him V " Because he was 1 haven't told you all the truth about him yet, Miss Millicent, and I've never told it to mortal ears, and never will except to yours. I've called him a mariner, miss, for this seventeen years and past. It's not a hard word, and it means almost anything in the way of sailoring; but he was one of tbe most desperate smugglers as ever robbed his king and country; and I found it out three months after we was married." It was some little time before Millicent uttered a word in reply to this. She sat with ber slender bands clasped round one of Sarah's plump wrists, with ber large blue eyes fixed upon the red blaze, with the thoughtfully-earnest gaze peculiar to her Perhaps sbe was tbinkiDg how little she knew of the Captain of the Vulture, or the nature of the service in which tbat vessel was engaged "My poor, poor Sally! it was very hard for you," she said at last. "Compton seems so far awuy from the world, and we ignorant, that it was little wonder you were deceived. Others have been deceived, Sally, since tben." Mrs Sarah Pecker nodded her bead. She bad heard tbe dark reports current among the Compton people about tbe good ship Vulture and her Captain. Sbe onty sighed thoughtfully, as sbe murmured, " Ab, Miss .Milly, if tbat bad been the worst, I might hare borne it uncomplaining, for I was milder-tempered in those days than I am now. We didn't live at Compton, but in a little village on tbe coast, as was handy for my husband's unlawful trade. We'd Jived together five years, me never daring to complain of any hardships, nor of the wickedness of cheating tbe king as Thomas Masterson cheated him every day of his life. I seemed not much to care what he did, or where he went, for I had my comfort and my happiness. I had my boy, who was bora a year after we left Compton—sucli a beautiful boy, with great black eyes and dark curly hair—and I was as happy as the day was long while all went well with him. *' But tbe bitterest was to come, Miss Milly; for when the child came to be four years old, I saw that the father was teaching him bis own bad ways, and putting his own bad words into the boy's innocent mouth, and bringing him up in a fair way to be a curse to himself and them that loved him. I couldn't bear this; I could have borne to have been trampled on myself, but I couldn't bear to see my child going to ruin before his mother's eyes. I told Masterson so one night. I was violent, perhaps; for I was almost wild like, and my passion carried me away. I told bim tbat I meant to take the child away with me out of his reach, and go into service and work for him and bring bim up to be an honest man. He laughed, and said I was welcome to the brat; and I took him at his word, thinking be didn't care. I went to sleep tbat night with the boy in my arms, meaning to set out early the next morning, and come back to Compton, where I had friends, and where I fancied I could get a living for myself aud for my darling; and I thought we might be so bappy together. 0, Miss Millicent, Miss Millicent, may you never know such a bitter trial as mine! When I woke from pleasant dreams about that new lite which never was to be, my child was gone. His cruel father had tpken him away, Bnd I never saw either Masterson or my boy again," " You waited in tbe village where he left you ?" asked Millicent. " For a year and over, Miss Milly, hopin' that he'd come back, bringing tbe boy with him; but no tidings ever came of him or of the child. At the end of that time I left, word with -the neighbors to say I was gone back, to Compton ; and I came straight here. I'd been housemaid at tbe Hall when I was a slip of a,girl, and your lather took me as bis housekeeper, and I lived happy in the dear old house for many years, and I loved you and Master Darrell as if you had been my own children; but I've never forgotten my boy, Miss Millicent, and it's very seldom that I go to sleep without seeing his beautiful black .eyes shining upon me in my dreams." " 0 Sally, Sally, how bitterly you have suffered,. and what reason have you to hate' this man's, memory!" ".We've no calf to talk harsh of them that's dead Bnd gone, Miss Milly. Let 'em reBt with their sins upon their own heads, and let us look-to happ^uj ^imes. When Thomas Mastertcin went.a way'.and left me without a sixpence to buy a loaf ot bread, I never thought to be mistress of the Black Bear. Pecker has been a good friend to .me, miss, .apd. a true, and I "tless the prpvidencetbat sent-him courting to tbe HBll. I fancy I can see him nowvpoorcreajture/' sa&iMtjs;'T^pker, meditatively, " sitting, of eyehij^jii the •housekeeper's roDtn,'iiev9r talking muc)i, but. qI ways looking' mplanchbjic like, and dropping sudden his knees ope jpight, .sayiqg, •Sarab, .will youhave me?" ; ,,.'....,., . ...'! ' • Mr Samuel Pecker, here venturing to put his'head into the room, and furthermore presuming to ask some question connected with tbe business of the establishment, was answered so sharply by his beloved wife that he retreated in confusion without obtaining what he wanted, - For tbe worthy Sarah, in common with many other wives,-made a point ol scrupulously concealing from hor weaker helpmate any tender or grateful feeling that she might entertain 'for bim ; being possessed with an ever-present fear that if treated with ordinary civility, he might, to use her words, try to get tbe better of her. So tbe deary winter time set in, and, except for this honest-hearted Bally Pecker, and the pale curate's busy little wife, who had much ado to keep seven children fed and clothed upon sixty pounds a year, Millicent Duke was almost friendless. She was so gentle and retiring, of so reserved and diffident a nature, that never made many acquaintances. In the happy old time at the Hall, Darrell had been her friend, confidant, and playfellow ; and she had neither needed nor wished to have any other. So now she shut herself up in her little cottage, with its quaint old mirrors and spindle-legged tables, and little casement windows looking out upon a patch of old fashioned garden—Bbe Bliut herself up in ber prim orderly'little abode, and the Compton people seldom saw her except at church, or on uer way to the Black Bear. Millicent received no news of Darrell from bis own hand; but the young man wrote about once in six weeks to Mrs Sarah Pecker, who was sorely put to it to scrawl a few lines in reply, telling him bow Miss Millicent was but weakly, and how Captain Duke was still away with bis ship the Vulture. He had found friends in London, nnd bad been engaged as secretary by a noble Scottish lord, suspected of no very strong attachment to the Hanoverian cause. It was not so long since other noble Scottish lords bad paid tbe terrible price of their loyalty. There were ghastly and hideous warnings for tbose who went under Temple Bar. So whatever was done lor the exiled family was done secret—for the failures of the past had made the bravest men cautious. CHAPTER vrr. HOW DARRELL MARKHAM FOUND HIS HORSE. WHILE Millicent sat in the little oaken parlor at the Black Bear, with her head on Sarah Pecker's knee, and her melancholy blue eves fixed upon the red recesses in tbe hollow fire, Darrell Markham rode westward through tbe dim November fog, charged with letters and messages from his patron, Lord C , to some noble Somersetshire gent'emen, whose country seats lay very near Bristol. On the first oi^ht of bis journey, Darrell was to put ; up at Reading. It was dark when be entered I the town, and rode between the two dim rows of flickering oil lamps straight to the door of tbe inn to which he had been recommended. Tbe upper windows of tbe hostelry were brilliantly illuminated, and the traveller could bear tbe jingling of glasses, and tbe noise of loud and riotous talk within. Though dark, it was but early, and the lower part of the house was crowded with stalwart farmers, who had ridden over to Heading market, and the t»wspeop!e who had congregated about the bar to discuss the day's busi- Darrell flung the reins to the ostler, to whom be gave particular directions about the treatment of bis horse. " I will come round to the stable after I've dined," said Mr Murkiiaui, in conclusion, "and see how tbe animal looks; for be has a hard day's work before bim to-morrow, and he must start in good condition." The ostler touched his bat, and led the horse away. Tbe animal was a tall bony grey, not orer handsome to look at, b'tt strong enough to make light of the stiffest work. The landlord ushered Darrell up tho broad staircase, and into a long corridor, in which be heard the same loud voices that had attracted his attention outside the inn. " You have rather a riotous party," he said to the landlord, who was carrying a pair of wax lights, aud leading the way for his visitor. " The gentlemen are merry, sir," answered the man. " They have been & long time over their wine. Sir Lovel Mortimer seems a rare one to keep the bottle moving amongst his friends." " Sir Lovel Mortimer T' " Yes, sir. A rich baronet from Devonshire, travelling to London with some of his friends." " Sir Lovel Mortimer," said Darrell, thoughtfully ; " I know of, no Devonshire man of that name." " He seems a gentleman used to great luxury," answered the landlord; "he has keptevery servant in the house busy waiting upon, him ever since he stopped here to dine. Darrell felt very little interest in the customs of this Devonshire t-aronet. He ate a simple dinner, washed down with half a bottle of claret, and then went down stairs to ask tbe way to the stables. The ostler came to him c witt a lantern, and after leading bim through a back-dbor and across -a yard, ushered him into fc rootny six-stalled stable. 'J'he Btalls were all full, and sS iDarrell's grey horse 'was at the further extremity of the stable, he had to pick his way through wet straw-sad clover past,the other .animals, .. - f f Them there bay horses - belongs .to -Sir Lovel Mortimer Bnd his friends," Baid the man D} "atid very handsome beasts theif^be. Sir Lovel ,hWseff looks a pictur' mpunted, on this bere bay," i . Re slapped his hand upon,the hauneh of a horse oi-he spoke. The animal turp^d round as he did :so, and tossing .up his head, looked 1 at'the two men. : - •' • • "A.tidy bit of horfie'-flesh, islr f" said the ostler; " a.hundred, guineas' worth;in any market, I shpuld-say." . Darrell toodded^ and 'Striding np to the animal'^ head, threw.ot»|t£otig arth- found the arched "p^j'ahd catering ; tbe eajjp with the. otberhapd, j^ej^^'Afi^lpalevel with hislown.- t .< . . • ."•I'd- have-^ou be caivful, sir, -how you handle him," cried the ostler, with-tt'tone of considemble «lari»; '! tbe beaBt-has* temper ' of hfs- owji ;-lie tried to Wte one'of our fcoyfc toot half W hotir'a^b. 1 " ' ' ' '' h .; '" He ^pn't hi^.'jine,*'B^fl iDaiteiJ quietly,' " Give me the lantern- herev will you ?', ,. . « You'd better, iet'go of his head, sir;- 4ie's utiffiBb temper," remonstrated the ostler, aftwing'b®:™ '^rV'MMuii m"'!' ''C ' '.'iGive; ^bout his temper."•> t-..... :•>« -.iSj to m<i i ', Tbe r 'ostler.obeyed 'very unwillingly >; < tont luyM'JMiM'flie'ltnta^'-*" ili ?,'i , » .w.t«.J<KSi bit* *.<jmu ii^oil^yjia « Uttl ti.it j "I thought so," said the young man, holding the glimmering light before the horse's face. " And you knew your old maBter, Balmerino, eh, bov ?" The horse whinnied joyously, and snuffed at Darrell's coat-sleeve. " The animal seems to know you, sir,'' exclaimed the ostler. "We know each other as well as ever brothers did," said Darrell, stroking the horse's neck. " I have ridden him for seven years and more, and I only lost him n twelvemonth ago. Do you know anything of this Sir Lovel Mortimer who owns him?" " Not over much, sir, except tbat he's a fine high-spoken gentleman. He always uses our house when he's travelling between London and the west." " And is tbat often T' asked Darrell. " Maybe six or eight times in a year," answered tbe ostler. " The gentleman is fonder of the road than I am," muttered the young man. " Has he ever ridden this horse before to-day ?" The ostler hesitated and scratched his head thoughtfully, " 1 see a many bay horses," he answered, after a pause; " I CBn't swear to this here animal; he may have been here before, you see, sir; but tben lookin' at it the other way, you see, sir, he mayn't." "Anyhow, you don't remember him?" said Darrell. " Not to swear to," repeated the man. " I wouldn't mind giving a hundred pounds for this meeting of to-night, Balmerino, old friend," murmured Darrell, " though it was tbe last handful of guineas I had in the world 1" He returned to the house, and went straight to the bar, where he called the landlord aside. " I must speak to one of our guests upstairs, my worthy host," he said. "Sir Lovel Mortimer must answer me two or three questions before I leave this bouse." The landlord looked alarmed at the very thought of an intrusion upon his important customer. " Sir Lovel is not one to see over much company," he said; " but if you're a friend of his " "I never heard bis name till to-night," answered Darrell; " but when a man rides another's horse, he ought to be prepared to answer a few questions." " Sir Lovel Mortimer riding another man's horse ?" cried the landlord aghast. " You must be mistaken, sir !" " I have just left a horse in yonr stable that I could swear to in any Court in England." " A gentleman has often been mistaken in a horse," muttered the landlord. " Not after he has ridden bim seven years," answered Darrell. " Be good enough to take my name to Sir Lovel, and tell him 1 should be giad of five minutes' conversation at his convenience." The landlord obeyed very reluctantly. Sir Lovel was tired with his journey, and would take it ill being disturbed, be muttered; but as Darrell insisted, he went upstairs with the young man's message, and returned presently to say that Sir Lovel would see the (To be continued.) MR. VILLESEOVE SMITH, of Victoria has been admitted to the Bar at Adelaide; he intends practising in tbe Northern territory. THE weather in England is the hottest ever known for this season of the year. THE Carlist Insurgents, who are now the masters of Curthagena, have seized four frigates in that port. AK assay of the Northern Territory gold gives from twenty to fifty ounces to the ton. SEVERAL awards have been given to the Colonial Commissioners by the Good Wine Juries at tbe Vienna Exhibition. The Colonial Court and its exhibits bave made a impression in Austria and Germany THE Archbishop of Canterbury has accepted an offer on the piart of the Marquis of Lome and Princess Louise, to assist in forming en association to increase tbe incomes of all incumbents in the Church to a minimum of £200 per annum.' IN Tbessaly, tbe other day, the brigands carried off tbe whole female population ofVolo A price has been set on the heads of brigands, ana tbe frontier guard in order to obtain tbe reward, has been lately cutting off tbe heads of peaceful labourers whom they find working in the field. AN" UMVERSITT.—When the Legislative Assembly, at Capetown, were in committee on the University Bill, on the 29th of May last, some discussion ensued whrtber "an university" or " a univereity";was grammatically correct. On the motion for substituting " a university " wherever " an university " occurred, a division was called,'—ayes, 10; noes, 28. A LARGE ISSIIB. —Mr Aaron Coxhead, a arrier, wbb died , recently . at, Sunningbill, Surrey, at the patriarchial age of ninety-eight, has left 12 children, 50. grandchildren, 130 great-grandchildren,, abd, a - few great-greatgrandohildnen. At tbe age bf ninety-four he voted at the last election. For the county at Windsor, and only last Reason he was to ba seen diligently cultivating his garden. AN ODD'case has jnst beeh tried in Hillsdale Oounty,. Mich. A lady broke her leg. A sice old doctor was called in- and -set it; but when it was well it - was also 1 much deformed. Action for malpractice having iteen brought, 4t was Shown tbat the lady was la spiritualist, and that her leg had bten secretly treated -aocording to the directions -ot a-celebrated Hebrew eoigfon, who -died A.D. 14, or there- -abnuto. All the service needed of-the M.D.in tbe flesh was to dress the limb. The jury foiitod for the earthly doctor,'and the other one is out of the jurisdiction of- the Court.—Ken York Tribune? • - GOLD, ™ TEE GIZZARD OF GspsR.—:0a Friday last, (reports ' the" Sathirii Free Press) Mrs WVittaker;of tJrii'Victoria Hotel, Cahjbjir Road/ was btbkUig' randy four geese for a' w&idtng.; feast, ^aa|hter!iifa« bbnut to 'tie married.' Op opening thji giBqards ot the sligip gease, Mrs'W., fotiiia three pieces of 'jgoldj which, when placed In jhe gold oales; were foiind to weigjh tine dwt^ ana 12 grains.' The gdese were >eared by Mr W at tfielibme8teAd, and itls well l»own'that gold fhuhd in tftTtiVmiriil^ 'hiftTKiilfrii' itihe'^&^mV-M"^'*" l' in 