THE SECOND PASTORAL LETTER OF JOHN BEDS, By Divine Gbace, and favour of the Holy Apostolic See, Akchbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of Aus TEALIA, To the Faithful, Clergy and Laity, of the Archdiocese, on the Building of St. Mary's Cathedral. Deahly Beloved in Jesus Christ, — When I made my first appeal to you some years ago for the restoration of St. Mary's Cathedral, I hoped that we should be ! able to continue the building year by year j without interruption. This, however, has ! Dot been possible, and I come now a second time as a suppliant to your Catholic; - charity and faith for a fresh effort, but I [ come under brighter auspices, and with a j more vigorous hope. We have had, it is ' true, a winter-time of inactivity, dreary aud mournful enough ; but it is past, and we wel- j come a second spring. All of us, I believe, | Were shamed and mortified by the spectacle ?of the Cathedral walls deserted by the builders, seeming neglected and desolate, as ii, like a fair tree, smitten by some unac-.j countable blight. And you have resolved that j this spectacle shall no longer continue ; on all j sides there come to me invitations to make a | second effort, and this second effort will : begin under special advantages. Our winter I Jas not been wholly a loss ; it has been a sort j ?ot fallow time, and the soil is prepared for jne cherishing warmth of spring. The debt aas been cleared away — a debt of some four thousand pounds sterling — and besides that, *e begin with an accomplished portion of the noble erection, on which nearly forty thousand pounds sterling have been most judiciously and carefully expended. I do not K»o\v whom to praise most— those, who have so indcfatigably worked in collecting the necessary means; those who have cheerfully undertaken serious responsibility, and given valuable attention to daily details ; or those ^o, m all the districts of this city, and from ®Vl*y part of the country, have been the generous givers. It is better, perhaps, to ev , J1'ais»? and reward to Him who knows ^.Cfr-imaus POwor- and every man's heart. £« about the result there can be nothing °-« congratulation.' The walls arc already ^cnty-three feet in height above the future Pavement of the Cathedral, and they rest on rock ll°nSirising evei'ywhere from the live fitter! i ' auc^ massive, and accurately lj so that no human skill and prudence have been wanting to secure, with God's : protection, the immovable stability of a grand ? edifice. Yes : there is much yet to done ; '. but what has been done is a most gratifying, \ hopeful pledge of the future. In every part '. and detail the work is solid and true, libe- ; rally planned, and conscientious^ executed ; in sight or out of sight, careful and thorough, as church work should be ; as work - done in God's service and honour should be - done. I should like every Catholic in the i land, if it were possible, to visit and examine this building. He would see, I think, a good - sight ; ifc would warm his heart, and enlarge '. his notions of what man, through God's gift, j may do to express in external forms some- j thing of the greatness of Divine .service, of I Divine teaching, of mail's responsibility, of ; man's future as the faith of Christ reveals and offers it to him. It has been said that a fine cathedral is a poem in stone ; anyhow, this Cathedral Church of St. Mary will rise, I trust, as a hymn from the Catholic people of New South Wales iu praise and thanks giving to the majesty and love of Christ our Lord. A hymn of praise and thanksgiving ; this, Dearly Beloved, is the form in which I accustom myself to think of our new Cathedral ; and your sympathies, I am sure, are wholly with me in the matter. If any should make elaborate calculations of the money that might have been spared, had you chosen to be content with a plainer edifice, we can only say — it is true, but that was not the precise object of our choice. If any one is inclined to demonstrate to. you- how, for a I very, much smaller cost, you might have had a very respectable public building, very re spectable externally . and internally, fitted with every pleasant convenience for sitting and kneeling, and seeing and hearing, I do not, to say the truth, see how you can well contradict his demonstrative arithmetic; you can only say that it is not our Catholic i fashion to look at such things in such a light. Often enough we are obliged to be content with ' mere necessities and conve nience in matters that relate to Divine ser vice, but here at least, for a Cathedral, ia the mother city, in the mother colony of ; Australia, we. choose, please God, to have what will be something . like a suitable monument of grateful love and worship to j Him who is our Creator, and Redeemer, and Sanctificr ; we are thinking less of our selves than of His Majesty, to whom we are offering this work of our hands, this portion j of our worldly substance. We see that men ! readily dedicate handsome buildings as the ] heralds and exponents of the greatness of j authority, and laws, and science, and art, and ; even of commercial success — and we have J nothing to say against it ; only we say, that '? we have an infinitely greater majesty, an eternal beauty, and sanctity, and treasure, J to which we render homage and service when ' we build, with as much magnificence as we j can attain, a principal Christian Church. \ Whilst that is incomplete, and unprovided, ; we are neither safe nor consistent in taking ! our full share of earthly comfort and pros- j perity, either as . individuals or as a com- ? I munity ; we are open to the reproach ad- ? dressed by God's- prophet to His people of ? old : Is it a time for you- to dwell in ceded j houses and this house be. desolate? I Let me also remind you, Dearly Beloved, ! of that grand special presence .by which our : sanctuaries are hallowed, the adorable Sacra- | ment. God's special presence in a house ! built by man was indeed a wonderful and j blessed privilege, such as it was before the ; Word became Incarnate. You remember \ with what solemnity and awe king Solomon, j when he had finished building tuc Temple, spoke of it : ' Is it creditable that God should dwell with men on the earth / If . Heaven and the Heaven of Heavens do not contain Thee, how much less this house which I have built ? And yet we have day and night on our altars a Divine presence of still more ?' .adorable character, adorable in its miracu- ! lousness, adorable in its love, adorable in its ! sacred intimacy of nearness, adorable as the ' Emmanuel', the ' God with us ;' the Everlasting Word ; the Son of God incarnate; Godhead human soul and body, under veil of the sacred species. Certainly in His unspeakable loving condescension He comes to us anywhere, wherever his priests pray Him to come thus ; and He is lodged anywhere, often most unworthily and inde cently, so far as man's care and reverence are concerned ; sometimes, it may be of necessity. But who does not feel this to be a reason the more that, when we can, we should surround that Most Venerable Majesty with all. that we are able, to gather of the beautiful and precious ; whenever we can, if not in every church through the land, at least in every church of the towns ; if not in every town, afc least in one church, the Cathedral, the mother church of all? You will give me, I know, but one answer, and that answer will be, the means of doing what we all feel ought to be done. Let me also remind you, Dearly Beloved, that the building of a Cathedral church, being a thing of rare occurrence, and necessarily tied to' a particular time — a thing to be done once for all — is the offer of a great privilege from Almighty God to those before whom He. places it. It is exactly to the generosity of love that He proposes it, and he accepts in it the ready hearts and hands of those who correspond with the offer of His favour, as He accepted the costly ointment poured over His feet by the happy penitent in whose heart His prevenient grace met with so ready a response. And our blessed Lord's answer to the remark about wastefulness fully au thorizes that which jrou may make to a like charge, if you shall hear it. There are the ordinary obligations of all seasons, and there are special calls of our Lord's Providence which recommend themselves to faith and duty, rather as privileges than as obligations. It rests with you to choose how you will undertake this rebuilding of St. Mary's Cathedral ; and I am already sure of your choice ; you will accept the privilege — a pri vilege _ of some cost and self-denial certainly, but still blessed to yourselves, and a source of blessing to those who shall come after us. I am addressing myself .to a temper such as that for which God spoke of old to His earlier chosen people: ' Set aside with you first fruits io tiie Lord. Lei everyone that is ?willing and hath a ready heart offer them io the Lord.' The motives which I have briefly proposed to you, Dearly Beloved, are the chief mo tives which you should dwell upon in mind and heart, and by which of course your actions iu this matter should be inspired. They are the manifestation of -our Catholic faith in the sight of men and angels ; the declaration that all in this world is for the. sake of the next, and derives value only as it stands related to that future ; the seemly, reverential, richness of tendance and lodging for the Adorable Eucharist, as well in our Churches as in our hearts ; and the devout alacrity in which we should answer the dear Lord's challenge to our generous affection, when the course cf His providence offers to us, as it does now, a privilege that by its very nature can be offered only at a particu lar time, and so to the particular generation chosen by His foreseeing grace for it. These are the great, the transcendant motives. There are others of less moment, natural motives good in themselves, and, when touched by grace, capable of merit. I will just mention two. First, there are many amongst us who have seen, and store in our hearts memories j of, glorious Cathedrals in the old countries i whence we come, or where we have sojourned. Noble and beautiful they are, even when in ruins ; and many will call to mind here in Australia what they have seen in Ireland, in England, in Scotland, in France, in Germany, in Spain, in Home ; and, calling those sights to mind, will surely be glad to welcome and aid the beginning of something like them in style and spirit on these far away shores, — far off in space, but near in the kinship of faith. Next, there are nianyjarnongst us who have been born and baptized in this country ; they have heard of, though they have not seen, the works of Catholic faith in other lands, and, loving their own country with the love of Christians, they will desire to see it marked as a Christian country by the char acter of its ecclesiastical edifices. Here then arc two concurrent wishes for the same end, ; or ratker two views of the same end. We shall have harmony awd emulation in the ! same holy purpose, and let us hope, Dearly Beloved, that they will result in a most vigorous and lasting effort. I We must of course take our work in steps such as we may prudently expect to accom plish : I shall leave ifc to the priests through the Archdiocese, and especially to the zealous Dean of the new Cathedral, the task of explaining to jrou details of what is to be done, and how it is to be done. The next contract, I am told, will carry up the walls from the point at which they now stand — that is, from the height of the capitals of the pillars to the crown of the long row of arches — so that, if desirable, a temporary roof may be thrown ovor without embarrassing the workmen ; and then the most holy Sacri fice may begin to be celebrated within what we hope will be its long, long home. And now, Dearly Beloved friends, I have suggested more than enough to renew and invigorate the devotion that has made so splendid a beginning. What you have already accomplished is great indeed in itself, and brighter still as promise and pledge of future progress ; it was sad indeed to look at only as it seemed in danger of delay. But I would fain add to all hitherto , said a personal consideration, if in your kind ness you will bear with me. You know that St. Mary's Cathedral is dear to me, as indeed it is to all of you ; but you cannot know, at least many of you cannot know, how dear it is, and for what good reasons. I have for nearly forty years been in it and near it ; the greater part of my life spent for God's service in the poor measure I have attained, has been connected with St. Mary's Cathedral. It has been the spot to which my memory refers many a grace of God, many a healing of wounded hearts, many a holy penitence, many a generous vow, many a fruitful sacra ment. The destruction of the old building was. a bitterness to me, and the eager zeal with* which the restoration, the rebuilding was commenced gave me comfort, and a bright hope. And that hope is still bright in itself; but I am now an old man, and would gladly see it nearer than it sometimes looks. That hope, you already feel, is, that I may yet offer the Holy Sacrifice within the walls of the new St. Mary's — another andyet the same, It rests with you, my children and friends of this land, to give me, if God permit, that great happiness. When our Lord's time shall come for my departure hence, and if in His great mercy I shall be enabled to say in joy my ' Nuuc dimitUs,' 'Now dost Thou dismiss Thy servant, O Lord, in peace,' it will be an added consola- ? tion and gratitude if I shall have seen you, dear children and friends, again sharing sacrifice and sacrament under St. Mary's roof. You will indulge me, then, if you can, and for your Archbishop's own sake also you will strive generousl3r, perse veringly, unani mously, jroung and old, every one of you, to rebuild the Cathedral. And may the Imma culate Mother, in whose honour it is named, the 'Mother of fair love, and fear, and know ledge, and hcly hope,' he near us all, and pray for us, now, and at the hour of our death. ? The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the Charity of God, and the Communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen. © JOHN BEDE, Archbishop of Sydney. St. Mary's Cathedral, Octave of Pentecost. The above Pastoral Letter is to be read in every church of the Archdiocese. . It is left, however, in the discretion of each priest to choose for his own district the most favour able time to awaken and maintain the interest of the faithful in his Grace's object. S. J. A. Sheehy, V.A. 