HEREDITARY OBOSTS. (From the Globe.) What ivy is to the ruin, what a fine beeswing is to port, tbat a ghost in to a couutry house, i An old couutry house without a ghost is a very ] aerioua matter— suhoicious in itself. Buroestive of parvonuism, utterly fatal to the claiinfi of any family to antiquity. 'Thank heaven, it takes three generations to grow an avenue of oaks,' said a poor artistic friend of Krekine's when they bad cleared the grounds of a .man with whom they had just dined, and who had everything but antiquity on bis side. It takes much longer than that to produce a respectable ghost ; it cannot be done uuder six or seven generations. I know two bouses certainly where a very modern family seem to be blest with a genuine thing, but I have reason to believe that it is a second-hand one. Ghosts— and this is very im portant—may be divided into three distinct classes which must not be cunfouuded. There is the vulgar and detestible class typeficd by tbe Cock-lane affair ; old men coudetnuod to be per petually repeating the Bible backwards, peculiar, I believe, to Tooting ; cuttle without heads, and aimless noises. The second-class consists of well-defided apparations, generally of men or animals, which appear ten or twelve times per haps in a lifetime, usually after supper, whose Ariel takes the shape of salmon with cucumber or Welsh rabbit, and whose Prcspero is the doctor. The third class comprise tbe real thing —the true unmistakeable hereditary ghosts, constantly associated by sceptics with its inferior «nd spurious brethem, but utterly distinct in its origin, its appearance, and ite habits. Its origin is invariably lost iu the twilight of fable. Sonic of these ghosts came over with the Con queror ; many date from the Wars of the Itoscs, particularly those venerable parties which haunt the old manor houses iu York shire. Others, more than one would sup pose, date from the Civil Ware, aud some are even as late as the Restoration ; but any i\pp»rations liltCT tlwu tuat are to *?* «S««i«l with distrust. These ghosts are essentially aristocratic ; they seem to wax aud wane as certain trees arc said to do with the fortune of the house to which they are attached ; they never pass from one family to another. You may come iuto the mansion, but you cannot come iuto tlie ghost of an old family, Iu the grave of tbe last hereditary possessor are buried also the hereditary ghosts. These ghosts, like good servants, are seen and not heard. No ob jectless clanking of chains, rattling of bones, rumbling of barrels and the lite, ever accom pany them ; they are much too respectable for that They rarely make their appearance, and when they do it is only a glimpse that can be caught of them. The breath of tbeir life is tradition : crev-haired butlers aud sUDerannuated nurses are their chroniclers, aud over the winter's fire you may hear their story told. Generation after generation their legend is banded down with a weird accuracy aud a strange uniformity of detail ; nothing is exaggerated, nothing lost The pale-faced lady, flitting by the window or gliding down the stairs with the speck of blood on her wrist ; the beautiful child with the golden hair uud tbe dead robin in her breast ; or the shadowy shrouded figure and the beckoning hand— whatever form the legend takes, so it re mains tbe same to-day as 3l-0 years ago. It is curious to sec bow these traditions have pene trated into our literature. To say nothing of the poets, who would naturally lean towards them, the grave historian Clarendon does not hesitate to cite them with perhaps moreawetlmu he would care to confess. Charming Lady Fan^hawc, iu her delightful memoirs, trembles as she talks of them, and the philosophic Joseph Ulanville has dedicated near half a volume to them. Old Dr. Johnson, though be would grudge his com pany a word on any other topic, became at ouce a patient listener if anyone could talk about these ; and we all know bow, ou visiting an old family in the country, atuv surveyiug the an cient gabled bouse, he at once asked with an eager curiosity if there was any ghost Ghosts are gradually leaving us ; the atmosphere of common life is too much for them ; our grand old family mansions, their chosen homes, are changing hands, passing into the possession of strangers. The introduction of gunpowder is said to have given the finishing stroke to chi valry, aud what we are so fond of dubbing common sense as given the finishing stroke to better tilings than superstition. When old Troy had fallen, aud the light of day was poured iuto the recesses of Priam s palaces, Virgil is careful to tell us that the gods of the city had deserted her— hod flown away never to return. And last week, when I was wandering over one of Eng land s oldest mansions which had passed into the hands of a stranger of yesterday, and talked with the plain matter-of-fact man who had taken tbe place of tbe good old family butler, I thought with a sigh of old times, and realised more than ever that grotesque discrepancy which deforms so many of these places where the ancient and modern elements are so ridiculously combined. 1 looked on the old pictures darkening in their frames— on the old swords and fire-locks, out on to the grim melancholy yew walks, where the light of the setting sun splintered into emeralds, was dying ; and, as I walked away, wondered what would be thoeffect on the spruceenlightened menial before me, if, like Dr. Johnson, I ven tured to ask whether there was any ghost 