BURYING THE WRONG WOMAN. A remarkable case was recently reported in Waterford. For some weeks past a Mrs Keane, wife of a man named John Keane, residing iu Alexander Street, in that city, had been in the Union Hospital, and on January the 26th a messenger from the union brought him intelligence of her death. He immediately repaired to the work house, and having satisfied himself of the accuracy of the report, he proceeded to the agent of the' St. Patrick Burial Society in the city, a member of which he was, and having produced the ne cessary certificate of death, he received £3 10s., the amount due to him under the rules of the society. He next pro ceeded to the undertaker's, purchased a coffin, and sending it up to the work house, had the remains placed in it and conveyed to his own residence. The usual wake was held, when all the re latives of the deceased with the neigh- bors assembled, and the general im pression of all who saw the corpse was that the deceased had greatly changed since last they saw her. The remains were followed by a host of sorrowing friends to the graveyard and wore solemnly interred, Keaue's grief bein" so great that he could not be comforted. The grave, however, was closed over the remains, and all returned homo sorrowing. Keane proceed to work the next day, and at night returned to his desolate home. While sitting taking his lonely supper that evening the latch of the door was lifted and in walked Mrs John Keane, and, delighted at again being restored to her home, she rushed at him, and throwing her arms around his neck, in the wildest ecstacy began kissing him. Keane was at first horrified, and, like Hamlet addressing the ghost, besought of her to say if she was really mortal. Mrs Keane could not under stand poor Keane's conduct at first. When Keane's bewilderment began to cease he narrated all the story of the funeral, and Mrs Keane screamed with laughter at the wake and funeral. Keane immediately proceeded to the union, and there ascertained that a Mrs Keane had really died in the house, but that she tf.as the wife of a John Keane residing in Peter Street. On hearing of the matter the agent of the St. Patrick Society was furious, because the second John Keane was not a member of the society. The whole affair has created the greatest amusement in the city. 