'' ':MB."Yt. FOBSTBR, H.P., AT INYIiEELlV Mn. ;WM, FOBSTER,' who has been visiting tho mi districts of tho north, was. ontert&lned; with a coi mentary dinner on Wednesday, July 2nd. nt Mat Hotel, Inverell. O. A. Fraser, Eso,, J.P., occv. the chair, and Colin Rosa, K-iq . tho vice-chair, banquet, accordion; to tho/il ucre/î.ï>ïj>aceri, from n the subjoined report of Mr. Forster's speeches is tn " was attended by a 1 the notabilities of the town, chairman, with a high enconium on tho political ni ami,uprightness of Air Forstor, proposed his he whioh was received with onthnsiartio cheers. Mr. Forstor, on rising-, enid Mr. Ohairmnn, "1 Chairman, and Gentleman-I find myself placed very honorable position, which, like many other* voiras tho performance of certain duties, but happily of a very onerous or painful kind. My firat duty return thanks for tho very kind reception which have given me sincu I carno hare on pri business. Although known in a public way, I certa did not expect to be received in tho manner I have will I affeot to say that I did not believe, from my i friend your ohairmnn, but that soma notice would talton nf me. I. did not expect to> see, however thriving a place as Inverell, er to meet with sud entertainment ns you have given mo. For all thia I recognition. I should be utterly unworthy did I warmly fro! and warmly expresa n sonso of thi c honour you havo dono mo. I am quita sure it is boyond my merita. . (No ! no !) I feel bound to that the pnblio duties f havo performed are q insignificant compared with thc manner in which havo met me. I c m't but think that some pu motivo exists for giving me Buch an ontortaium but don't believe any party motiva is at b>ttom of it. I nm gratified to find that meeting' comprises a>l parties entortaii different viows I feel bound to say that your member is a gentleman of whom any electorate mi feel proud and th« sumo may ba said of your pre: membar. Weall have our porssual likings and ; fcronces, and it ia pleasant to see oleetors eua apprac good men representing different opinions. I rr nisumo that my poUtic.it opinions have entitlad ma the entertainment you have given ma to-night, na go I hopo I shall entertain them through lifo. I s pose I am expected now to gush into politics. A anticipât} amour; the toasts to bo given will bo soma the publia institutions of tho colony, I sba'l witlib my opinions until then ; I think it bettor nt present confine myself to tho personal honour dona me. have novcr claimed a very large interest in present Government. I mot a gentleman in B darra who expressed a wish that I bad boon i shaken on my journey, and seemed to think it wi pity that I bad not broken my neck. He seemoi think my bones and neck should suffar in tho poop interest. I am afraid, had my neck been broken would have bail no effect npon your roads. I only h that I may bo able to return your kindness, either making speeches or by giving votes. You all m admit that local interests must give placo to pul intorests. Some time or other, perhaps, a vote ia Hcmsa may havo direct application to Inverell, anil thia should occur, 1 hope 1 shall entertain a proper fi ing and recollection of the great kindness »nd thusiasm with which I havo been received ia this distri (Loud cl ejrs.) Mr. FOKSTER then proposed "Prosperity fo I Inverell District," This was responded to by Mr. SELBY. Mr DBAKE then proposed " The Parliament of N South Wales, coupled with the nama of Mr. Willii Forster." Tho toast was duly honoured. Mr. FoitSTEit. iu responding, snid that it wns ( couraging to public speakers to hear their nu mc? as: ciatcd.with a toast, and public speakers like him t sometimes require encouragement, aud he was em b dened thereby to enter on another class of (mujee The association of his name with the toast imposed up him tho duty of returning thanks for the way. in whi ho had been personally received, and ho was happy respond also for tba Parliament of New South Wales, which he had been a member for a long numbor I yenrB. . Ho wns inclined to think it would favourat compare with other similar bodies, not even exceptii the greatest Parliament in existence, which was tbat Great Britain, provided they made due allowances ai took all circumstances into consideration. He felt th if ho had been only a private person So should not ha had tho honor accorded to him. His public charact hud bren long beforo them, nni it justified him believing that in holding to his opinions ho had m with his deserts. Witb regard to the politics of tl conntry, they naturally expected from him a átateme of political affaira ; but they must not expect of him speak as an authority on tho political state of t! country. Honestly, he did not caro whether ho wi reported or not ; but ho wonld promise thom this, th ho would Bpeak htB mind. He was tolerably wi known not to ho a friend of the present Govcrumer On that supposition he did not wish to say anytbii offensive; hut he intended expressing1 his opinion . them. Ho would take it .for granted that tho preaei festival was a testimony of tho , pablic Bpirit of tl district. It might be taken as a test, lookii at tho state of their roads, ' that all cla»a in -the country ' did not differ so much i was gonerally supposed. They need look back no farth than the Frcnoh Revolution to seo that tho old nobbs stood-their ground until tho ground fell from undi them, lt was the samo in America, where alar/ number of cultivated men had tho masses to govern, : their mode of dealing with tho interests of tho county In this country there wns asimi'ar disposition evince: which was rather a discouraging admission to mak Admitting what had boen Boid abont tho Parliament < the country, ho was afraid tho aspirations of responsib government had not been fulGI'ci. Responsible Gover, ment waa inaugurated with very enthusiastic boprv hadtbeybnen fulfill/1.-! ? A Government might. citht be a machine for political purposes, or used to educai tho nation to a higher mode of thinking. Regarde in cither of theso aspects, tboro aro certain prac tical facts which servo to form _ a judgment, il would allude to two topics in proof of thii In record to the practical effect of respousibl Government, lot them see if such things wero accctr. i plishcd by it or not. They wero aware that bo (Mi Forstor) had voted for universal suffrngo, according j right to vote to all people in tho country. It miali i have been that they did not exact such rules as tnc ought to have done. (Hear, hear.) They might dis pate a number of other pointe in tho bill. There wer many who might think also that education bud bette havo been loft to others, but all would ngreo that th police forco had not improved. Tho exponse of tl forco had bean greater nnd as for bushranging, in tb Braidwood district all tho constables had been shot, i state of things which had never ocenrred-nnder tba oil form'of Government. Tho police on the whole had im Eroved, ont there was no reason why they should no avo improved under the old system of Government Ho would next take tho. Education Bill, and might Ed] of this tbat ho did nat agree in supporting denomina- tional education, although at tho sume time he did nc wis« to disparage it, but bo thought it would have t botter effect, and attended with much less expense, il they had done away with it altogether He did nol protend to bo finch a prophet as to predict that thi denominational Bystcm would be dona away with alto- gether ; .tho law was found to be defectivo, and thc «Jonncil was trying to abandon the law. Far bettei that the law had not been framed.; or to ask Parlia- ment ta chango the law. He thought it was a mistake of judgment, and showed the necessity of some chango This arose from establishing tho denominational sys- tem. (Hear, bear.) With regard to the municipali- ties, tho House had paned two complicated laws which no ono conld understand. No important measure ol that kind received fair discussion. Now, what are the resulta of tho municipalities f Do they sup- ply the requirements of the country t in regard to roads and bridges-don't let Inverell people think they are martyrs in this respect, OB it is the Borne all over the country (laughter)-how is it that tho roads aro. in the stuto tboyare. Tho trna answer is, the municipalities im- prove little bits of conntry,- leaving all tho other neg- lected. I know thero ara enough men nf property ia Inverell, not utterly selfish, and why is it we find pro- perty antagonistic to municipalities P Why, because tho holders find it is not properly dealt with. He was not going to maintain that property should not pay the support of municipalities. But they found property in Bomo cases drawn in and unfairly taxed. Thii would not havo been had .tho principiaba tried to inculcate bean carried out, which was this - to. divide tho co'ony by Legislative cnactmant into districts comroenturuiu with its natural boundaries, which each Bhould bo com-, polled to watch over, or clso receive no assistance from tho country, livery man of property in such n amu would feel himself compelled either to tako part in tho management or elso would bavo to Buffer from not doing so. Ho intended to havo established municipalities upon this principle instead of tho prisant , which has proved au utter failure. (Cheers.) t hu proposal ho mnde might perhaps appear by some to ba crudo, but tho effoot would have been this- that On y would havo had overy polico district, nnd half pollen districts, formed into municipalities. Next he would ( ask them what particular benefits hnd they received from the electoral lawP Parramatta and fomo other similar places hud two membcrB, whilst districts doubl» their fisc had only one. Was not this ono of tho things which ought to hnvo been amended by rcepousible coverumeut ? (Her.) Ker fbrco or four ycurs.tbiy lind been clamouring in this respect, and yet no chungo lind taken place. Although the committee, of which ho happened to bo a member of, reported in favour of i a change, nono occurred. V» hat the Govern- ment introduced tho Opposition threw out., nuil vice voran. All this was tho result of lesponsiblu government In what woy had it developed luonil und lutolloclual lecislalion ? Ho did not think tho Lewis lativo Assembly could comparo with what it waB lotoro, There were Parkes and Robertson, and many others, and where were men like them returned ia the preset House ? The young men in the House were the won of a'l < It appeared to him all the young men and ah the publia men wero worse. Was the publio, servit better ? It was oa a'l sides admitted that .it was no There were turen timos the number of persons cn played necessary. The railway department wc crammed, which was tho effect of responsible goren mont. The official who had lately been dismissed wool nevor have been dismissed at nil, had he not given, er dence showing this to be tho case. Ho should of court be charged with Bpoaking against the present Govert meat, and ho would candidly admit that be did nc think they were bettor than their predecessors. (Hom hear.) Perhaps some ono might aik why ho did nc allow tho public the bandit of his services by joinin tho present Government. It maybe ha could hu J ret eons of a private character for not doiug so. It Booma to him that he could not consistently take service ia a au administration composed of Sir Jam» Marita an tho Colonial Secretary. He was advised very strong! to join thom by a bishop, who said there was no doub they ba 1 expressed very strong- opinions of one unothei but that they had joined, believing that it would I) advantageous for the country. But ha was shookei Thu Colonial Secretary had. endeavoured to show hia that they agreed in opinions ; but ho could not say hov Tho fact was, from experience of him in political matter Ihe could never boliovo iu him. He found how inconsi; tent he was in freo trade -how inconsistent on th municipal quest on and ho cuild not agree with him o the Kiama ghost question (Laughter.) . A Colonie Secretary who could maka such statements as he did 01 that occasion, without producing ono tlttlo of avidenc to support thom, was not worthy of confidence. H should not Bay anything moro on this subject. H would honestly say if they could exemplify what the; professed to be so anxious to give to tho world, li should have been happy to have joiued them. Ho wouli like to know what could justify such n mixture o offices na thny found ? They had partizans siugin] their pruises all over the country. a ho Colonial Socre tory hud left a sort of hecatomb of unfulfilled pledge all over tho country, and this in a Homo attend« with happy c'rcumstimces; when tho colony was ii a state of prosperity nover known liofore, and h fourni a House the clemonts of which wera nore: . more favonrablo-not by tho action of tho presan Government, but by the folly of their opponents. Si: James Martin's great opinion of his own power not onl; left the broach open, but destroyed his prestige in thi House. Under nil theso favourable circumstances after all the blowing of theirown trumpets all over th colony-what had the Govorninent done ? The firs: question they attempted to deal with was tho Borde: duties. After a long bundling over this job, they hac accomplished a treaty which must Inevitably como to ai oadwheu tho ad valorem duties ceaso. What was thi object of the Conference ? Why, simply that Ministers wara compelled to do something to look pleasant ; bul he held that Conferences wore absurd in principle. Thi thing for which they claimed more credit than nnj other was tho theory of internal communication. H< was ou'y enumerating opinions now which he hod befon enumerated. Whatever ideas Goulburn, Mudgco, nud other districts might entertain, upon this subject it _ always appeared to him that it was a species ol io j UH tico to tho coast districts like Illawarra t] expand such vast emus in thu way. In saying thi^ he would not have it supposed t!i:it ho was opposa i to railways. On the contrary, ff they are to ho extmded, he should Uko to know why some great effort was not made to extend them in a moro rapid manner. How loup;, he would ask thom, did they expect it wonM ba bsfora they had a railway to Inverell ? (A voice : Four years ) Why not thea in ono year ? if they were to follow the plan of America tbey could havo a i ail way in ona yenr. He was afraid they had no moro i lea of carrying out a railway to Inverell than extending thc northern district. Then why were not tho roads re- paired ? Ho did not know whother any person pres.'nt would agree with indebtedness of tho colony. Ho himself did not boliovo any colony could bo benefited hy harrowing moony which could be done . without. But if they must borrow, why not expend tho money on roads and bridges, which wonld lead to a return at once. (A Voice : Tell ns about the land.) fomo ono askod for his views on the land question. Was tbero ever heard such aproceediner as a Governor being obligod to tell a lie ia promising to introdacoa Land Bill and nert r doing so F Was it not highly desirable .that the indefinite question of freo selection should bs dealt with in a man- ner for its final settlement f He did not think pre- emptive leases should be left as thoy were. Ho bud never been opposed to the principio of freo selection. (Oheer» ) Indeed, his opinion WAS that free selection should be extended to a much greater length. ( Hear, hoar,) Be did not approve of tho condition of resi- dence, and he was of opinion that the rnsidenco clause should be abolished. It was notorious that there was an immenso amount of perjury committed under that clause. Oh what ground ould it ba main- tained that the residence of a squatter, or a manager of a bank, was moro bénéficiai than that of a labouring man ? If either of these, or any one, was to put a working man on the ground to insure residence, tho probability is the working man wonld do moro good than either : for, after all, what was the object of residence bat tho improvement of tho ground. Tko improvement of tho Boil was the grout prlncip'e to bo aimed at. Supposo'you were to abolish the residence, and atlow anyone to frre select conditionally upon his putting labour upon the soil. This is tho p au he wou d suggest, and he thought the existió;' system required alteration. There was one question he was prepared to give the Government credit for, which was the settle- ment of superannuation It was cortninly arranged on a very j rut principia, and tho only fault ba found was that tho honest repayment had been made with borrowed capital. He could not seo what occasion there was to borrow capital, or to use a common phraso, lo " Rob Peter to pay Paul." Ho did not see the advantage gained by this chango of position. Thero was another question ho would allude to-the question of finance. They had got a plodge from the 1 Government that the aa valorem duties shonld bo abolished. For this ha thought ¡ho Opposition was as , much to be extolled as the Government. Ho expected that two sessions wou'd not havo been suffered to pass over without this promise being fulfilled. Fut what guarantee had they that it ever would bo fulfilled P He only hoped members wonld continua their opposition until it was. Ho thought tho Upper Houso had acted ! right in throwing out the bill for carrying newspapers free. The Government, ia a fit of ill temper, intro- duced bill todo away with the Upper Houso. Kow the legislative Assombly, ha thought, was hound to pnrge itself before it attempted to improve the Upper House. If tho bill had passed, it would hare been passed by a body incompetent to dcai with the question. He thought a reform of the electoral law WOB highly necessary, and he intended to press this upon tho Government next session'. Ho had a promise from Mr. Parkes that ho would introduce a new electoral law, Tho Government were therefore pledged to a bill which ho thought wou'd lead to an early dissolu- tion, and, he was very much of opinion that tho coun- try would show that it had had enough of the present I Government, (Hear, hear.) Bo might montion that I he introduced tho measure for the payment of inem I bera, which was thrown oat by a little technicality. He did expect that it wou'd ba productive ot good resalte. It was natural to expect that every country ! district would prefer being represented by some local man, who could perhaps better nuderstand their aspira- tions than others. By paying members a liberal sum, they would very likely be of benefit te tho country. With respect to tho publio schools, ho did not wish to suppress the denominational schools, but shou'd Uko to givo them a little timo to set their house in order. Tho present Government, ho did not boliovo, had a system of party tactics different from former Governments, but appeared to havo a policy of their awn-a policy of : postponement - or doing as little as possible -a sort of political goose step Tho Mining Bill they introduced was so cumbrous that, as a rosult, no bill was passed. If ha was asked what was the remedy for all this, ho would say pat out tho Government. .Ho enid this without any wish to lill their places, or a desire to follow thom. Whero was tho rotnedy P Tho remedy was ia the electors of tho oonntry. The remedy for Inverell was ia Invorcll, (Cheers.) The electora of Inverell and the district must pub themselves ia a posi- tion to elect a botter class of men. Whatever ho might bo urged to say against self- government, ho would not bo ^understood as saying get rid of ? self- government. But ho thought self-govorhmonts should commanda with themselves. (Tho hon. geatloman spako foe two' hours nud twenty minutes, and oonoluded with a perora- tion which was receivod » ith prolonged cheers ) 