IRELAND. A SPEECH OF OWEN HOE. Here is the inspiring address of Owen Roe to bis soldiers at the battle of Benburb. It is supposed to have appeared in print only for the first time lately. ' Gentlemen and fel low soldiers ! Know that those who stand before you ready to .fight, are those that l.nr-icTir-n vnn. voiir wivns nnr\ r-liilrli-nvi -f\\.«-^- your lands and houses, and made you seek your livelihood in strange places. Now you liave arms in your hands as good as they liave, and you are gentlemen as well as they are ; you are the flower of Ulster, descended from as ancient and honorable a stock of people as any in Europe. This land you and your predecessors have possessed about 3,000 years. All Christendom know your quarrel is good — to fight for your native birth-right aad for the religion which your forefathers jjossessed and maintained since Christianity came first to this land. So now it is time to consider your distressed and slavish condi tion ; you have arms in your hands, you are as numerous as they are ; and now try your valour and your strength ©n those who liave banished you, and now resolve to destroy you, bud and branch. So let your manhood 'be seen by your push of pike, and I will engage if you do so, by God's assistance and the intercession of his Blessed Mother and all the holy Saints in Heaven, that the day will be your own. Your word is Sanc.ta Maria ; and so in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, advance, a' id give not fire till you are within pike-length.' The Nation regards it as a most touching and Bpirited address and an acquisition to the literature of the national cause. LONGEVITY IN IBELAND. ? Ireland claims to have some long-lived people. The Eegistrar- General reports that among the 22,434 deaths registered in Ire land in the last quarter of the year 1872 were those of fifteen persons stated to have reached or passed the age of one huudred years. In most of these instances no state ment is given of any proof that the age is correctly represented ; but the Registrar of Oastlemartyr, Middleton, reporting a death at one hundred years of age, sajrs : — ' The case is as well authenticated as can be in the abience of any official record.' The Regis trar of Coolmountain, Dunmanway, reports : «-' The death of a man is registered who had attained, without any possibility of a doubt, the great age of 106 years. He was a smith hy trade, and assisted his son (who also fol lows the same trade) to within a fortnight of Jiis death. I understand the deceased was in the habit of taking his tumbler of punch.' The death of a man also aged 106 was regis tered at Bantry, and the 'Registrar says : — ?' He always stated that he was thirty years of age at the time the French fleet entered Bantry Bay. He preserved his intellect to the last, and was only confined to his bed for about ten days previous to his death from a alight rheumatic pain in bis fcaee. He died ia the workhouse hospital.' At Cavan, a death stated to be at the age of 108 occurred, also in the workhouse. The Registrar. of Castlederg reports a death at 108, and says : — ' I made careful inquiry respecting this case, and found the statement of the infor- i mant as to the extraordinary age of the j deceased perfectly sustained.' The greatest ! age registered in the quarter was 115, stated ! to be attained by a woman who died in the Meigh district of Newry Union ; but all that the Registrar says is that ' she is rejDorted to have enjoyed good health during the whole term, and to have been in the harvest field j a short time previous to her death.' — Times. GOVERNING 3REL.4.ND. The Pall Mall Gazette has found out that we are considerably too much lawyer-ridden in Ireland, and it knows the reason why, though it does not state it. The Gazette should have told its readers that the judicious distribution of ' good things ' amongst law yers has long been looked upon as the most potent means in the possession of an English minister for the sustainment of English rule ia Ireland. By thus buying up ' patriot ' lawyers he can dispose of troublesome oppo nents, aud secure allies zealous and often unscrupulous. The Gazette points out that — *' Only an exceptional circumstance would induce an English Attorney or Solicitor G-enoral to accept a puisne judgeship, but in Ireland it is the rule for the Attorney General to accept the first seat which becomes vacant.' And goes on to say — 41 We doubt, in fact, if there is a single man at the Irish Bar whose professional income equals a puisne judge's salary. In reference to the work done by the judges in the two countries, a few facts will show that if those of Ireland are not too numerous, those of England must be very much too few. In ?Ireland there is a Chancellor, a Lord Justice, a Master of the Rolls, and a Vice-Chancellor — in all four equity judges ; there are then twelve Common Law Judges, aud, in addi tion, a Judge of the Court, of Admiralty, another of the Landed Estates Court, another of the Probate Court, and another of the Bankruptcy Court, making altogether a fcooch of twenty members against; twenty seven in this country. It appears from the soport on the Civil Service expenditure ^recently issued that the expenses of the Jvish courts, inclusive of she salaries of ilic assistant barristers, amount to £214,000. If. we add the salaries of the assistant barristers for duties discharged which ought clearly to be taken into account just as much as the English County Court Judges, we find the cost of the Irish Courts to be as nearly as possible one-sixth of that of the English, Now, the population of Ireland in 1871 was not quite one-fourth that of this country, and is still decreasing. But it is surely incre dible that this population, however litigious, can give occupation to twenty judges, when a population four times as great, and with precisely the same legal system, gives occu pation to no more than twenty-seven. PATRIOTIC -MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT BROT7GIIT TO BOOK. The Wexford People is anxious for some information relative to the conduct of one of the representatives of Wexford county. It says : — ' There is a question which wo wish to ask, and which, we think demands a prompt and unequivocal answer. We have heard _ it stated— stated' indeed, on the authority of an Irish member of Parliament — one among the few who have run the gauntlet of the knavery and corruption of the English Parliament, and passed through the ordeal unsullied and scatheless— that on the night when the Coercion Act was before the House of Commons, and while the faith ful band of Irish members, who resisted to the last, were struggling vainly to avert or modifv this infamous mpmi™ ^P n,-,^,nrrn and insult, one of our members, Mr. Power, in fact was not alone not absent from the House, but was in the House, flippantly and jeeringly mocking the whole proceeding, and was only absent when the division which would test his fidelity— his ability needed no test— showed that England could still get Irishmen to- be false, and that he was faith less to the constituency which he professed to represent. Let us be plain and pertinent. Here is the statement as we have heard it — and for the accuracy of which the Irish member of Parliament before referred to has pledged his word— and is ready, if called on, to come forward to vindicate it—' While the debate on the Coercion Act was in progress, Mr. Power, in company with Mr. Herbert Mueross, a thick and thin Government hack, was in the House and in the lobby, acting as we have described, attracting the attention and reprehension of the other Irish members by the levity of his conduct at a moment , when patriotism and manhood demanded the dignity of indignation from those who had not the ability to stand up in defence of the insulted and shackled nation.' There is more behind this— but this is enough for the present. We make no comment. If the hon. gentleman declines an explanation, what course will honour and duty dictate as the fitting one for him and for Wexford to pur sue r THE CURSE OF DRINK. The following is taken from the report in the Mayo Examiner of Judge Fitzgerald's remarks in passing sentence of death at the Castlebar asaizes on an unfortunate man named Edward Walsh, who murdered his wife : — ' It appears you were married some eight years ago to a woman in her twentieth or twenty-first year. Young she was— I believe educated beyond her position ; I am told comely in appearance, and had made you a good and faithful wife. In addition to the vow you took on that occasion to cherish her and protect her, there was every motive which should induce you to treat that woman with affection and regard. She also, I learn, was the mother of five children, which, under other circumstances, might have been deemed as a blessing by Providence, and about to become mother of the sixth. You were yourself young, in trade which might have been flourishing — full of hope, full of peace, full of happiness, with prosperity before you. But what is the picture now ? That young wife is murdered and in her grave. You yourself are now a convicted felon, and it will be shortly my painful duty to pass upon you sentence of death ; and the children — especially your son Laurence and daughter Mary — are left now to penury, without pro tection, to deal as best they can with a hard world, and with that worst of orphanage nuiuu synuga lroin me crane oi a iautier. The cause is that you yourself gave way to that vice which at once destroys the body aud degrades the soul. You became a habitual drunkard, and from that degrading evil springs all the misery and misfortune of your present position. And I can only hope your unfortunate fate may be a warning and example to air others who subject themselves to that degrading vice, that they do not meet with that crime and misery to which it has led you. 