LA BEGUINE. Bv Marcus Clarke. "Good gracious !" said I, "whatare you doing here ?" She was a childlike little crea ture, liuving brown hair and brown eyes. She was dressed in black silk, and wore a white lace veil tied in a quaint, coquettish way over her head. She looked up and recognised me. " Donnington'a gone away," she said, sim ply, "and I don't know what to do." "Don't stay here, at all events. This is not the place to cry in. Come, let us walk down the Btreet, ana tell me all about it." I was a schoolboy of 16, Donnington was a man about town, she was one Fanny Robin son—called, from her fanciful method of dressing, La Beguine—and the place was that i huge building in Great Globe Square which, commencing as a Pantechnicon, budded into a Circus, and was now the Escurial Palace. My old and esteemed friend, Mrs. Grundy, who declines to read Fielding, but for whose behoof Aphra Behn's novels have lately been reprinted (and such trash as Anonyma, Skit tles, and Agnes Willoughby are sold openly at railway stations), will probably feel inclined to draw her petticoats together and meta phorically cross over to the other side. Wait a moment, dear Mrs. Grundy ? With all your prejudices, you have a good heart} and I think you will be more grieved than shocked at what I am going to tell you. • *s » • * • • • We walked out into the Square—I, Hora tins Smith, pupil at the Rev. Dr. Crammer's, home for the holidays, and this wicked woman. There was no doubt about her character. She had lived with Teddy Don- j nington for nearly a year without being mar ried to him, and called by their Christian names some of the best and worst people in Babylon. She was always well dressed/had ; as much money as she could spend, and was treated with the utmost respect by her ac quaintances. What a charming life—do you say. Miss Matilda Janet Charming, in deed, when her only refuge from the melan choly caused by the sudden desertion of a man whom it is possible she loved was the < Escurial Palace! Stay, I am wrong—there were the Macallumore Rooms, the Vampire Cafe, Madame Ponceau's, Katherina's, Mrs. Carey's (or the Chateau d'Enfer), and the Streets. " You are a good boy," said this little person to me between her sobs, " and you ought not to be out in these places. Let us walk up the Strand. I am glad I met you." "Hadn't you better go home, Mrs. Don nington? Let me call a cab." "No, I shall never go back anymore— never! Leave me, and go home. It is wrong of your people to let you see this sort of life. You ought to have been in bed hours ago." She looked so charming as she spoke, so prettily formed to be some grandfather's dar ling, or some honest man's household pet, that my schoolboy heart began to thump with honest emotion. " You are not much older than I, Fanny." " I! I am 19," she said, and sighed. So we two experienced profligates walked up moonlit Oxford-street together. Let me take an instant to explain how it came about that a pupil of the Rev. Cram mer's, up in town tor his holidays, should have owned such an acquaintance. My holi days, passed in my father's widowed house, were enlivened by the coming and going of cousin Tom from Woolwich, of cousin Dick from Addiscombe, of cousin Harry from Col chester or Knightsbridge. With Tom, Dick, and Harry came a host of friends—for as long as he was undisturbed, the head of the house rather liked to see his rooms occupied by the relatives of people with whom he was intimate—and a succession of young men of the Cinqbars, Ringwood (and, I am afraid, Algernon Deuceace) sort made my home a temporary roosting-place. I have not space to explain how such a curious rrv&nage; came to be instituted, indeed, I scarcely know my self ; butsuchwasthefact, and " littleSmith," instead of being trained in the way he should morally go, became the impertinent .com panion of some very wild young bloods in deed. " I tdbk Horace to the opera last night, sir," or " I am going to show Horatius Codes the wonders of Cremorne this evening," would be all that Tom, or Dick, or Ringwood, or Cinqbars would deign to observe, and my father would but lift his eyebrows in indiffer ent deprecation. So, a wild-eyed and eager schoolboy, I strayed into Bohemia, and ac quired in that strange land an assurance ami experience ill suited to my age and tempera ment Remembering the wicked goodhearted inhabitants of that curious country, I have often wondered since " what they thought of it," and have interpreted, perhaps not un justly, manyof the homely tendernesses which seemed to me then so strangely out of place and tune. As we walked my companion grew calmer, and by and bye related what had passed. Donnington had been called away to Scotland on "family business" (so he said), and had left her. The usual letter of farewell, in which affectation of regret thinly veiled indifference, con tained the usual "provision," tendered in the usual manner. Fanny passion ately tore up the note with her little gloved hands, and demanded to be led to the Seipentine, in order that she might at once end her sorrows. In vain I urged her to go back to her house. " It is yours, you know, for six months longer. He has paid the rent. Why wander about the streets, when you have a home to go to ?" " I will never go back any more, Horace, so it is nb use qflking me. Oh, I am very wretched 1" What was to be done? It was impossible to take, heir to the paternal mansion—ait all events, would not be endured—and itwap impossible to leave her deBperate, in the streets. Mrs. Quickly—I allude to the period before she married , Bardplph—was, with all her faults, a jolly soul, and, despite k ' 'liberality In the letting of lodging, not'without a tbuch'of romance. Fanny's breakfast, ' furnished in that long parloujr booking, from a second floor upon the Hay market, was, I have reason to think, pre pared in a great measure by her own hai^dsj; and the slovenly domestic Who waited upon her—the waiting was the great blot on Mrs. ^JuicklyV household tnanagement—smiled; maternally upon her youthful head. ' j > ^ Now, Fanny," said I, looking round upon •theworm-uatensplendour of the chamber-4-■ the George IV. chairs, the convex mirror, the j gilded console tables, the clotta-of-gold sofa with but three castonst—arid sickening in the ' -i- « «—' niL atmosphere of secondhand isirdpossible foryou to stay here/ , , She produoed a handful of bank noted - ".I faw forgotten these.*' There were sdme half-dofcen £5 notes; I suppose; and she: ■smoothed them outsat looking at them with whimsical affectation.'of intense gravity. . ; i'j '■ But you must keep those.^ No?.-Nonsense;; Fitthemback." Let us: consider,' my dean - am at School, youknow." j (She buret into a tinging laugh, and then. as suddenly ended in teats. " I ran away | from my school," she said. I suppose when one is young, one is not quite hard-hearted, or, at all events, is softer headed than when one grows older. 1 went to her and tried to persuade her to go home. "You have a father and mother, Fanny, have you not ?" She shook her head. " Well, one or the other, then?" No, "Relatives?" Oh yes, she had relatives, but—with a shud der—had rather die in the streets than go back to them. "And He—the man, you know, Fanny—what of him?" Had I been older, I should have known how useless was 6uch a question—how useless is always such a question. Faithful in all her misery, poor child, to that one dream of first affection, she resolutely put away all thoughts of be traying, by name or description, the lover whohad betrayed her. "He was no one whom I knew—no one whom I was ever likely to know. Never mind him. He could do no thing. He must not be disturbed." So^ baronet or butcher (probably butcher)—-his ghost was driven from us, and we tacitly agreed to mention him no more. . "At least, you will let me write to your friends, Fanny," I urged with boyish vehe mence. " Think of this life—think of what it must end in. For men, such an adventure as this is but an episode; for women, it is an existence. You are 19. What will you be at 39?" " Frank Decimal says that many of—of us —many well," she returned, with a woman's greed of argument. „ ., " But Frank Decimal didn't tell you, said I, remembering a remark of Frank Decimal's Chief at my father's table, " that the average life of ' us is four years and a half. Fanny, you must let me write." "Well, then, write," die exclaimed pas sionately, "and see what good it will do.' The person to whom by her unwilling direc tion I wrote, was a Mr. Jonas Crampton, a draper in a country town, who was her step father. I set forth the case to the best of my boyish ability, and begged him to reply by return of post. "And now, Fanny, you must go back to your house and wait his answer. Nonsense, you must fo. You have no clothes with you, and cannot remain away without some reason." She went back, and the dayfollowing I called at Mrs. Quickly's for the reply to my letter. It was written on blue paper, in a hard com mercial hand, and was very brief. Mr. Crampton would have nothing to do with " that abandoned girl who had so ungrate fully left a good home. She had disgraced herself, and disgraced her friends. If she desired to reform, let her go to the Refuge." I showed her the tradesman's cold-blooded "%eU ," said she, "you are very good. Let us go and look at the Refuge." We went A hideously clean, white build ing on the sordid outskirts of Babylon. The high walls suggested a gaol, and a cart stood at the barred gates. "What have you there?" I asked the driver. "Washing," said he, with a grin; "they washes cheap in there." It is possible that my youthful mind had not grasped the great Social Question, but at the time—with this elegantly-dressed, soft- voiced girl hanging on my arm—I felt that a Refuge which took women, accustomed to fare deli cately and to be complimented by men of talent and fashion, and set them at a wash tub, was not founded by Samaritans who possessed much knowledge of human nature. A hard-featured woman—the ma tron, perhaps—came to the gates, and in terchanged looks with the driver of the washing-cart They evidently understood our errand. " For Heaven's sake take me away!" cried Fanny, trembling like a leaf. - God will deal justly, I think, both with me and with Mr. Jonas Crampton. I was not a Social Reformer, and I took her away. 1 was chagrined at my signal failure in the cause of virtue, and my peculiar MephiBto pheles seized the opportunity to score a point in the game he is perpetually playing with me. "Fanny!" I cried, "it is no use trying to be good against these odds. I'll get some money, and we'll go to Paris until it is spent. What do you say f' Fanny clapped her hands delightedly—alas for the Refuge ! " Don nington was always promising to take me to Paris. When shall we start—to-night ?" Two days afterwards we were supping at the Pavilion Hotel, Folkestone. That obliging man the jobmaster, Mr. Levison, had bought the furniture left by Donnington for £100 (I did not kqpw, then, that one of Mr. Levi son's multifarious professions was the pur chase of furniture under such circumstances, and that he usually cleared 150 per cent, on his outlay), and I had borrowed £30 from Ringwood, and obtained £25 from my father. " What do you want this money for, Hora tiusT my father had asked. "I want to go to Paris, sir." He looked at me with his cold and penetrating glance. A word, and I should have told him all. "Well, do not write for more when you have spent that: though what you mean to do in Paris with £25 I can't imagine. There—shut the door." So we eat Mr. Giacometti's cold fowl in high spirits. " Fanny, you must be careful of that £100. I have only enough to last us for a week or two, and then, you know, you will want your money." "My dearest Boy," she cried, open ing her brown eyes to their widest extent, " why didn't you say so before. I spent every penny yesterday in gloves and things!" How we laughed—we pair of unsophisticated Bo hemians—and struck out next morning boldly for the ocean erf Paris with a lifebelt of £50! The whole proceeding was, of course, ut terly foolish and indefensible; yet when I look back upon that merry youthful rime, I confess it seems to me, despite its folly, one of the most innocent periods of my life. It was early spring. Two Children, we strolled arm in arm—I had almost written hand in hand—about wonderful Paris, peeped into bookshops, loitered in print-rooms, drove, rode, lounged, just as the humour took us. Fanny was as nappy as a schoolgirl escaped from the backboard, and I, gay with the gaiety of careless 16, rejoiced in the absolute pleasure of living; We were not extravagantly luxu rious. The desperation of improvidence, the choice suppers, the sumptuous -fetes, the water-parties, the jewel-cases — all these things belong to maturer years — and the simple pleasure of being free was enough for ""Stay, thou art so^air!" i^vras^camse vre ■ never dreamed but that each moment would be as fair as this. Yet our lifebelt of £50 soon: began to fail us. We were not ~ extravagant, simply because we had no need of the luxuries of extravagance ; yet Fanny, with her vague notions as tor" gloves and things," played havoc with - my Napoleons. She wasbytaste and tetri perament a .true Bohemian. Having tobriey,; anything she desired she purchased. Being ■without money, sheJmiultf laugh and forget. • Did she wish to diiiik champagne, she or-' dered it ; and did-the whim seize her to drink water, she'did nbt think it needful to: countermand the champagne; yet had l told - her'that.we could .not afford todrink cham- - pagne, she wouldhave ordered Comet hofckat. onte—as being less expeusive. She was not beautiful; «he was not well-born; she was not well-educated—few women who have bewitched the souls of men have been either; but she had intensely that extraordinary sixth sense that nature gives to some women, of never doing that which, at the moment, would appear to i/ou to be wrong. For the rest, we were young. Ah, thou Alchemist Experience, " tout I'or pour toi, mak rends mot mes beaux jours !" ( At last came the fatal " quarter of an hour.' We had expended our last franc, 1 wrote to benevolent Ringwood for another £10—the good fellow sent me £20—and we returned to London. We had been away nearly three weeks ; and as we sat after dinner in the Great Midland Hotel, 1 awoke to the debasing consciousness that I must go back to school in two days. To dispel care, we adopted Rousseau's famous plan—ran away from it; and by some curious chance that was not without a sort of premeditation we found ourselves at the EscuriaL A dozen men of Fanny's acquaintance presented them selves at once, staring at me with an indiffer ence against which my youthful impertinence was barely proof, and somebody asked where Donnington was, with an air which plainly said, " We are not to accept Ms one in his stead, surely!" To my relief, Rouge-Dragon appeared, and under the protecting regis of his nascent dukedom I felt my position as sured. He asked after my father, said he had dined yesterday with Tom or Dick or Harry, and was pleased to take great notice of Fanny. I need not elaborate details. My money was spent, Dr. Crammer was imminent, ana —we both had our way to make in the world. A few tears, a sigh, a kiss or two, and I re ported myself to my father, with the con sciousness that Fanny was " provided for." That term was my last at Crammer's.. On the day following my return home, I saw in the Park a tiny carriage drawn at a furious pace by two tiny ponies, driven by a lady whose parasol-whip concealed her face. Two mounted grooms followed it. " And who pays for that extravagance ?" I asked. " Rouge-Dragon. Don't you know ? I thought everybody knew. That is La B6 guine." It was so. Sicilia no longer ignores Bohe mia. La Bdguine become the fashion, was as much a fact of modern civilisation as the Bishop of Bloomsbury. Fashionable news papers chronicled her movements, Countesses copied her toilette, the best (male) society in England attended her parties, and she , spent the income of a Princess. I never spoke to her again, for Rouge-Dragon was far too great a nobleman to ask me. to his select assemblies; yet when I returned her bow on the rare occasions when we met, I sometimes thought she did not look so happy as when in Paris. And now methinks I hear the rustling of Sirs. Grundy's indignant skirts, and catch a sigh of envy breathed by Miss Matilda Jane. " Is this your promised mora), sir ? To scoff at Refuges, and leave your abandoned hussy riding in a pony-carriage under the protection of a Duke's son!" " Madam," I reply, with all humility, "you have not heard me to the end. So surely as this poor girl—who, when rescue was possible, was refused shelter by her cold-hearted relatives—became a woman whom the World (including Mr. Grundy) delighted to honour, as Burely did the awful punishment decreed by Society for such offences overtake her. Two days ago I read this:— " A woman, once notorious in the demi monde under the name of La Beguine, died yesterday at St —- Hospital, from the com bined effects of exposure to the late severe weather and habitual intemperance." There is your moral. Miss and Madam. I present it to you instead of a sermon, for you may deduce from it this maxim—" Put Mo BALITT AND 0&THODOX; RELIGION OCT OF THE QUESTION, BUT TOU WILL FIND XT BETTEB TO ENDUBE THE STUPIDEST OF HUSBANDS, THE MOST COLOURLESS OF LIVES, THAN TO OUTRAGE So ciett. God may forgive you, inydear, but Society never will." 