Nctos 'os tlje laa.t. Exeter-hall was on Tuesday night, th? I2fl- Febraary, crowded to overflowing by t)- friends of -the United Kingdom Band of !lop- Union, who were attracted by the ansuiii C' meot that Mr. F. N. Chsrrington, late of t L. firm of Charrin^ton, Head, and Co., bren. it wonld preside at a meeting of Sunday -school teachers interested in tbe temperance mow ment. Mr. Cbarrington, in his opening ad dress, said that he had lately, through a sensr of bis former error, quitted what might br called the 'drink traffic,' which was daily and yearly filling our workhouses, prisons, and lunatic asylums. The speaker dwolt upon the endless evils springiug from the vicc of intemperance, and expressed bis belief (lint one half of them might be prevented if more notice of them, and more means of protection, i were taken by those who had the chtuco ot exercising good iuflaence over young miiu!s in our Sunday Bchooh. Mr. Charringtou'e speech was loudly applauded. Tho llov. Newman Hall, tho Rev. Robert Maguire, aud other speakers addressed the meeting, and a juveuile choir of COO or 700 voices sang some well-known temperance hymnB et intervals. A remarkable case was recently reported in Waterford. For some weeks past a Mre. Keane, wife of a man named John Keane, re siding iu Alexander-street, in that city, had been in the Union Hospital, and on the 2Gth January a messenger from the Union brought him intelligence of her death. He imme diately repaired to the workhouBe, Bnd having satisfied himself of the accuracy of the report, he proceeded to the agent of the St. Patrick Burial Society i-- the city, a member of which j he was, and having produced the necessary certificate of death, he received £3 10s., the amount doe to him under the rules of the Bociety. He next proceeded to the under taker's, purchased s coffin, and sending it up to the workhouse, bad the remains placed in it and conveyed to his own residence. Tho usual watte was held, when all the relatives of the deceased with the neighbours assembled, and the general impression of all who saw the corpse was that deceased had greatly changed since last they saw her. The remains were | followed by a host of sorrowing friends to tho graveyard and were solemnly interred, Keane's g'ief being so great that he could not be com- j forted. The grave, however, wee closed over the remains, and all returned home sorrowinc Ke≠ proceeded to work the next day, and at i night returned to his desolate home. While | sitting taking his lonely supper that evening j the latch of tho door was lifted, aud in walked ' Mrs. John Keane, and, delighted at again being restored to her home, she rushed at him, and, throwing her arme around his ncck, in the wildest ecstaoy began kissing him. Keane waB at first horrified, and, like Hamlut addressing the ghost, besought of her to say if sho was really mortal. Mrs. Keane could not understand poor Keane's conduct at first. When Keane's bewilderment began to cobbc lie narrated all the story of tbe funeral, and Mrs. Keane screamed with langhter at the uake and funeral. Mr. Keane immediately proceeded to the union, and there ascertained that a Mrs. Keane bad really died in the house, but that she was the wife of a John Keane residing in Peter-Btrect. On hearing of the matter the agent of tbe St. Patrick Society was furious, because the second John Keane wbb not a member of (ho society. The whole affair has created the greatest amuse ment in the city. 