THE MERCURY. MONDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1873. MR. TROLLOPE'S first edition of Australia and Now Zealand,will probably be for the author's benefit. A second edition will be required if these Colonies are to be fairly represented and justice done them, and Mr. Trollope's authority as an historian would be very much enhanced, did he take the trouble to rewrite at leisure what he has so evidently strung too hastily together. As we have before said, we recognise Mr. Troelope's desire to speak kindly of Tasmania, but we cannot shut our eyes to the fact that evil impressions have been forced on him that have led him to indulge in a more desponding tone than the circumstances warrant, and drawn him occasionally into errors so gross as to be almost inexcusable. It is impossible to read Mr. TTROLLOPE'S Tasmania without feeling sorry for him in having fallen, as he has done, into the hands of a set who have evidently made him the means of publishing their views and con- clusions as incontestable facts. For these operators on his credulity we can wish no greater punishment than that Mr. TROLLOPE should mete out to them their deserts by pillorying them as his false guides. Meanwhile, the public can only suspect and wonder who they are who have so misled that gentleman, unfor- tunately for our late Premier, Mr. TROLLOPE names only SIR JAMES MILNR WILSON from among those acquainted with or interested in our public affairs with whom he came into personal con- tact. Fortunately for Sir James Milne Wilson, his faith in the future of Tasmania is too well known to allow us to blame him for too gloomily "casting our fortune; " and his knowledge of our political institutions and internal circum- stances so accurate as to satisfy us that he could not have palmed on Mr. TROLLOPE such a mis- take as that which makes him say, "The Council is elected and goes out by rotation, each man sitting for six years. The Assembly is elected for three years. In the latter manhood suffrage is the rule, it being necessary that a man should be twenty-one years old, and have resided for a certain number of months in his district. For the Legislative Counoil there is a property qualification. " In this we can recog- nise the inspiration of some inflated aristocrat, who. careful to maintain the Council free from the taint of democracy, treated with contempt the Assembly, regarding it as an institution beneath his notice, and as to the constitution of which ignorance was pardonable. Yet he must have known little of the Colony at whose expense he probably feeds luxuriously, who did not know that since representative govern- ment was established, the Assembly has been elected for five years, and by a constituency for whom a qualification is as necessary as the qualification for the Council. The recent Constitutional Amendment Act did not inter- fere with the duration of Parliament, though it reduced the amount of the qualification in so far as property is concerned ; and even as to the nature of the qualification Mr, Trollope was ill informed. It is not altogether, as said, a matter of houses and lands. His authority, on whom he evidently too confidingly relied, must have been a sincere worshipper of mammon, a great admirer of the man of substance, and a thorough believer in the sentiment that heads Phil O'Reilly's adver- tisement, "I must confess that I have a great respect for the man whom I see well dressed." At any rate Mr. TROLLOPE, while he was made aware that there is a property qualification for the Council, must have been left in ignorance that in Tasmania there is also a knowledge quali- fication for electors for both Houses, a fact of which Tasmania may justly pride itself. It is a distinction almost confined to her political institutions, and one that we feel assured Mr. TROLLOPE, had he been made aware of the fact, would have placed prominently before the British public. In the extract, which to-day appears else- where from Mr. TROLLOPE'S Tasmania, the writer has been led to find not only some excuse for the dismal forebodings of the discontented croakers to whom progress is an offence, and who would gladly see Tasmania divided into a few sheep runs, but even cause for apprehension, by contrasting the exports of a year of a fair trade with one perhaps as unfor- tunate for almost every Tasmanian interest as could have been selected from among our annals. 1870 is generally acknowledged to have been the lowest ebb in the tide of our prosperity, and yet that, is the your Mr. Trollope has been induced to contrast with 1861\. Having selected 1861 as a starting point, it might have beon expected that he would have allowed a complete decade for a comparison. Had he taken 1871 as the basis of comparison with 1861, ho could not have so readily endorsed the impending ruin fallacy as he has done. He would have found the value of our wool exports in 1871, was £298,160 against his quotation of £246,000 in 1870. In like manner wheat, £45,463 in 1871 against £15,000 in 1870 ; sperm oil £44,050 against £33,000 ; timber £49,540 against £37,000, and flour £22,489 against £11,000. We decidedly object to the system adopted by Mr. Trollope, of proving anything by figures. We protest, if no explana- tions are to be given, and bare figures left to carry their own inference, against our prosperity being tested by an exceptionally adverse year, which is not selected on the ordinary principles of contrasting definite poriods with each other. Had Mr. Trollope contrasted 1871 with 1861 he would have followed a more easily understood principle. We have given a sufficient number of instances to show that had he known the whole facts he would not have so unhesitatingly jumpod to the conclusión that Tasmania is going to tho mischief ; but we also gladly avail ourselves of information suppliod by tho late Attorney General, Mr. GiBTyiv, at the lecture he delivered at Bellerive on Friday eyening on " Mr. Trollope's Impiossions of Tasmania," which shows that the progress of 1871 has boen exceeded by that of 1872, from the statistics of which, though not yet published, Mr. Giblin was able 'to quote. We give the result in the following tabular form, tho first two parallel columns being thoBO Mr. Trollope has given, tho third that whipli ho should havo given, mid the fourth that supplied by tho lion Mr. Giblin : Exports ( 1801 1870. 1871 1872 Wool .'.. 320,000 210,000 298,100 434,183 Wheat. ..., .... 8-',000 15,000 ,41,4(11 40.141 Oats. 81,000 6(1,000 '47,184 41,813i . Spew £11.! 69,000 33,000 44,060, 50,055 Timber ...¿"".". 05,000 37,000 49,640 47,028 Fruit and jom. 60,000 84,000 72,282 78,725 Horses . 42,000 5,000 8,281 7,732 ¡Plopr,./.[ 80,00« 11,000 , 22,489 6,059 £734,000 £437,000 £583,019 £712,180 Lost it should be said that the general trado has not kopt pace with those sppcial, though piincipal items, Mr. Ghilin also gnvo the following :- i i "1. ,,. 1801 1870 1S71 1872 Total exports £905,403 £018,709 £740,0,» £910,0C3 And .remarked that 1872 exceeds 1870 in value of ¿ifports by £201,054, and slightly oxceeds 18G1, tho year taken by Mr. Trollope for com- parison. With regard to wool he gave the export, in quantity, as follows ;- ' ?> 180Í ' ' 1870 ' ' 1872 . 4,183,3091b.' I jI . ; 4,140,9131b., J!; . . 6,9ÜB,5»7«>, This increaso is genuine, for the export of 1871 . was ,6,255,7191b. J showing that 1W2 did-, not absorb an undue portion of the clip df that year. Jî[ it ia said that thej high {price of wool accounts for the favourable figures of 1872, we beg to refer the croaking portion of the community to statistics we published on 16th January last, ahowint» that from the passing of the Scab Act the weight of a sheep's fleece had increased from 21b. 14oz. to 41b. 2oz., and of a lamb from lib. to lib. 6oz. Mr. Trollope speaks of the eight " chief " articles exported from Tasmania as being those named in the foregoing table. This waa correct in 1871, but since that date other articles of Colonial produce have taken a more prominent position on our export list than Bome of the eight named by him. , This is especially true of bark, hides (including Bkins and leather), and hops. As to ! these articles the comparison between 1861,1870, and 1872 results as follows:-r 180L 1870 1872. Baric . £2,425 £23,833 £33,574 Hides, ¿io...i..'. 13,700 ' 23,180 37,007 Hops . 4,135 20,230 39,274 £20,350 £73,243 £110,815 There is very sufficient reason for believing that the exports for the year 1873 will show an increase even upon the large exports for 1872. So that should Mr. Trollope give himself and the world the benefit of a Second Edition, we hope he will find himself justified in discarding altogether that desponding tone as to Tasmania in which he indulges while he condemns. Ballarat has become the champion of the sewing girls of Victoria. Though in some respects it 'is declining, the metropolitan gold-field maintains! its name for originating sensations. And the latest is the sowing girls. It has come out that these un- fortunate girls aro being made to work fourteen and sixteen hours a day ; to slave their very existence away. Some very startling disclosures have been made in the Ballarat papers which, if not exaggera- ted, imperatively demand that some action should be taken to prevent these girls being compelled to work themselves almost to death's door. That there must be a good deal of truth in the statements which have been made with respect to the drudgery which these girls undergo is apparent from the fact that the Ballarat people aro the first to move in the matter, and one of the papers there writes :—"If the statements be proved, and it is for those who have made them to prove them, it is high time that something was done to grapple with the evils which arise from our social follies, which make us misuse our opportunities and reproduce here the sin and shame, the folly and the suffering, of the crowded cities of Europe." The Ballarat Early Closing Association is about to get Mr. W. C. Smith to introduce a bill next session limiting the hours of labour of all sewing women employed in work- rooms throughout the Colony, and also to ask the support of the Associations in the cities and principal towns of the Colony. It is very question- able of course whether the Legislature will pass any such measure. There are many who will take the view that such a thing is interfering with the liberty of the subject, and that if tho girls like to overwork themselves for a miserably small sum, it is a matter whioh affects themselves alone, and society has nothing to do with it. But society and the public generally will bo very glad if the Legisla- ture will pass such an enactment. Sewing for sixteen hours a day is sufficient to ruin the health and con- stitution of ¡any girl, and when It is considered that employers aro never too liberal in their remunera- tion, and that in fact some of theso girls are almost compelled to work long hours to obtain sufficient money to maintain themselves and those dependent on them, one shudders at the thought of such toil and slavery. That there are thousands who do it in England is beyond a doubt ; but surely in a new and prosperous Colony like Victoria there is no necessity for hundreds of girls to slave like that. The Argus, in discussing this question, contends that it is protection which "is filling the workrooms with young women who are enervated by excessive toil, and our sheets with girls who arc glad to escape from the confinement and slavery of the 'sweating ' establishment to the freedom and licence of what is called, with grim irony, a 'gay life.' " The Age, of course, repudiates such an assumption, and the result unfortunately is that there is some danger that in the consideration of the question the hardships of the poor sewing girls will be lost sight of amidst the maze of discussion as to whether it is advantageous or not to "protect native industry." We are not about to discuss the point as to whether protection is the cause of so many girls being confined in workrooms till they are as pale as ghosts and become unfit for anything. If it is a fact that sewing girls are being "ground up" and "sweated" in the manner alleged, some remedy ought to bo provided. If we only compare the sixteen hours of the sowing girls with the six of the civil servant or bank official, who grumbles if he is compelled to work the whole of that time, one can only pity the unfortunate creatures whom neces- sity forces to toil and drudge, and hope that one day they will be rewarded for all the weariness they undergo. — — — If we are to send any Tasmanian competitors to the champion ploughing match to be held at Ballarat, under tho auspices of tho Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, in July next, no time is to be lost in making tho nccessaiy arrangements. There is no doubt that to this enterprising society wa owe much of the success that attended the champion ploughing match hold at Cambiidge in October last, for it was the first to dcoide to send competitors here, and to pay their oxponses, and then Melbourne and Colac followed suit. In tho lost annual report of tho-Ballarat Society, forwarded by Mr. Simon Morrison, tho able secretary, we notice a paragraph with roferonco to this match, in which the fact of the two Ballarat men, Draffin and Hams, taking first and second prizes, against nearly a score of< competitors, is chronicled, while reference is also made to the hospitable manner in whioh we received and entertained our visitors from the other side. At tho Cambridge match thore were one or two of the' Tasmanian ploughmen who were very clpso (up to tho Ballarat mon, and it is generally admitted that they have learned a good deal from what they then saw. At any rate, it is pretty well certain that we ' have two or tlueo ploughmen who, with good horses and good implements, would be by no moans out of the race wore they to go in again in opposition to the men who visited us from the other Bido. TIiíb being the case, it would be a pity if Tasmania were not represented at Ballarat in July next. The first prize of £50 offered is a liberal one, and we have no doubt that the Ballarat Society will offer second and third prizes equal to those that were given at Cambridge. If it is decided to send over one or more representatives, of course, his or their expenses will have to be paid, and stops should at once bo j taken by thoso who aro most competent to move in" such matters, say tho respective local agricultural societies, to select the best men and raiso the funds required to pay their expenses and oven supply j thor» with first-class implements. The best way to | do this would bo to hold meetings in various parts j of the colony, appoint committees, and collect sub- scriptions in the same manner adopted to raise the necessary funds for tlio Cambridge Champion Ploughing Match. Our ¡Ballarat friends, without doubt, expept that we shall scud a ropreseiitativp, and if we fail to do so, the inference will no doubt be, that we have not yet recovered fiom the beating our mon received lost October. . — — — The numberless instances there are of men who ruin their healths and waste their substances in riotous living—or in their fondness for drink—is one of the great arguments of the Permissive Bill advocates. They point to such men aud urge that society ought to stop the sale of that which steals away the brains and the money, and leaves the votaries of intoxicating liquors on the verge of the grave and the borders of starvation. Undoubtedly such cases are to be found, but people very seldom pity men who have thus fallen ; they rather blame them for being so foolish as to yield to the temptation of strong drink. The difficulty is to know how to deal with men of this class. Moral suasion may be successful sometimes, but it requites something strongor and more impressive than the good advice of a friend to make a man break off a habit like that of being addicted to the use of Major ? "Atticus," in the Leader, relates a plan which has just been adopted in Queensland, and which we commend to the perusal of the total abstainers, who would, no doubt, be willing to support the adoption of such a practice here. "Prevention is better than cure," says Atticus, "and if the practice followed by some of the Queensland magistrates were adopted in Victoria there would be no need for an inebriates' retreat. At Dalby, in Queensland, the bench was lately prayed that a prohibition might be issued against one William Ross, on the grounds that he was, by the immoderate use of intoxicating liquors, wasting his estate and ruining his health. The request' waa granted, and a pro- hibition was issued to all publicans, storekeepers, and personB soiling spirituous liquors, forbidding them to supply any such to Boss, for tho space of twelve months, under certain penalties. This is indeed striking at the root of the evil, and the result of the course taken will prove far more effective in putting a stop to drunkenness than the philanthropic efforts of private individuals." — — — THE PRODUCTS AND FORESTS OF TASMANIA.—Agree- ably to a request made by the Right Hon. the Presi- dent and the Council of the Royal Colonial Institute, a paper on the products and forests of Tasmania was prepared and sent Home by the February mail, by Mr. Hugh M. Hull, accompanied by an elaborate paper on the same subject by Mr. J. E. Calder, late Surveyor General, and now Serjeant- at-Arms. The Secretary to the Royal Colonial Institute writes under date 21 st March, that "the interesting monograph on the forests of Tasmania ia to be read before the institute early in June in conjunction with that by Mr. Calder—speci- mens of the woods and foliage being supplied by Dr. J. Hooker, at Kew, in illustration of these papers, the subject being considered very interesting." THE BARRACKS.—Saturday having been the last day fixed for receiving tenders for renting the Barracks, we are indebted to the Hon. the Minister of Lands for the information that he has received in all fifteen tenders—one of which is for the entire Barracks, and the remainder for various portions. As yet no decision has been arrived at with regard to the tenders. DEATH OF THE REV J. PULVER.—We regret to have to record the death, at the advanced age of seventy years, of the Rev. J Pulver, who has been a resident of Hobart Town for the last two years, and who held the position, of Rabbi to the Jewish con- gregation here for over a twelvemonth. Mr. Pulver died on Friday, after a long and painful illness, and his demise is sincerely regretted by all those who were members of his congregation. The funeral took place on Sunday afternoon, the Rev. A Myers officiating. This is the first Jewish funeral that has taken place in the new cemetery. Mr. Pulver, who was compelled to give up his office as Rabbi here through ill health, held similar positions in Melbourne and Cheltenham in England, and was esteemed one of the most scholarly of the Rabbis in the Aus- tralian colonies. SUNDAY EVENING LECTURE.-The Rev. W. C. Robinson delivered another lecture to young men last evening at the Memorial Congregational Church on "Business Habits." The rev. gentleman took for his text, Daniel vi. 4, ".Then the presidents and princes sought to And occasion against .Daniel con- cerning the kingdom ; but they could find none occa- sion nor fault, forasmuch as he was faithful, neither was there any error or fault found in him." After alluding to the posilion and conduct of Daniel, the rev. leoturer, urged that, earnest attention ought to bo,given to the performance of that they sought to accomplish. They should be diligent in business, whulever that business might be, and also prepared for any position to which they might be advanced, There ought to be self-discipline, and a preparation for higher duties. He urged upon them to be con- scientious. Whatever is done should be done because it is right. There should be a manliness of character I in all thing«, and a determination with all the strength they possess to succeed,in any enterprise upon which I tboy entered. Then they should do all us in tho sight of God. As to what was necossary in business duties he advised the need of gentle doportment. There should bo no brusquoness, but business should be transacted with some regard lo tho feelings of others. Let there also be tact. A man should adapt himself to those with whom he is transacting business and with the business he is transacting. Industry «us very important. It was a mistake to suppose that smartness wus hotter than industry ; without industry there could not be success. There should also bo promptness. " Whatever thy hand fiudeth to do, do it with all thy might." Never break a promise ; it was certain to prejudico a young man's interests. Let everything bo dono in order. Whore everything went smoothly, there would bo far moro business dono than if there was a great deal of bustlo. There must be method, and where there was this there would bo a great saving of labour and time. Then there should be thoroughness ; never half do tho work. Persevcranco was also necessary-that perseverance which monnt continuing a work until it was accomplished. Whenever a young man set his heart upon a thing and failed to do it, lit weakened j him'in the next attempt hu made to accomplish a purpose. Thoy should also be prudont'and pushing dotormined to make a business a success, and bo able 'to read tho character of those men with whom Uley trunsact business. Tho rev, gentleman concluded by urging young men to attend to tho higher business of life—the salvation of the soul. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.—Walch's Literary In- telligencer for May, contains a review Irom the Specta- tor of Mrs Alcott's "Little men" the "very last Idyll" (after Tennyson) from Punch, and the usual number of announcements of new books, publications, and games. The "official record" of the exhibition held in Melbourne at the'close of last year, as a preliminary to the London International Exhibition of 1873, ÍB a voluminous blue-book, catalogues, reporta and recommendations of the exports, official awards of the commissioners, and essays and statistics on the sooial and economic resonrcos of the colony ot Victoria. It is intended,wo should think,moro for reforenoe than anything else. Tho " History of the First Bushmen's Club," in the Australian colonies, established at Ade- laide, South Australia, is u readable book of nearly four hundred pages.aontuiniug full details of the origin of the club und its progress up to 1872. Thoro are also miscellaneous readings, and letters fiom newspapers on the club, and the habits and wants of bushmun or swagmen. ROYAL SOCIETY.—The monthly meeting of the members of the Royal Society will be hold at the Museum on Tuesday evening. CITY COUNCIL.—The following is the business for consideration at the meeting of the City Council this afternoon :—Reports of Committees—Public Works : On petition for repairs in neighbourhood of Lansdowne Crescent, Warwick and Petty-streets ; on representa- tion of Mr. Henry Dobson, as to alleged delay in prosecuting works in Elbodon Place. Town Hall : On application of Mr. Wm. Russell for the use of the assembly room on easy terms for a series of six instrumontral, orchestral, and vocal concerts, with the privilege of using the organ for a piece or two on such occasion. Waterworks : On tenders for water supply pipes. NEW TOWN ASSOCIATION.—At a meeting of the New Town Association, held on Friday night, the Rev. F. Hudspeth was re-elected President, and Mr. Albert Reid was elected Vice-President, Messrs. C. E. Davies, Hughes, and Pearce, were re- elected members of the committee, and Mr. A. Murrell was appointed Secretary. Several new members were elected. TEMPERANCE ALLIANCE.—On the Queen's Birthday the members of the Tasmanian Tempérance Alliance will have a religious service at the Alliance Rooms at eleven o'clock in the morning, when the Rev. D. Parry will preach. There will be a tea meeting at 6 o'clock in the evoning, and this will be followed by an entertaiumont consisting of readings, recitations, and singing. ORGAN RECITAL.—The last of the series of Organ Recitals at the Town Hall, will be given to-night, when Mr. F. A. Packer, the City Organist will play. The programme is published in another column, and it consists of a solection of very choice music. CATHOLIC LITERRARY ASSOCIATION.—The Rev. T. Kelsh will deliver a lecture on, "The Massacre of St. Bartholomew" to the members of the Catholic Literary Association on the evening of Thursday, March 15th. FOOTBALL.—The opening match of the season was played on Saturday afternoon on Mr. James Lord's ground, Augusta Road, betweon teams of past and present scholars of the High School and all comers. Many of the players had had no practice since last season, and they were, therefore, not up to their work ; but a good deal of stiffness was removed before the conclusion of the game. There was some very good kicking, both at the ball and at the shins of the players, especially on the part of the High School team, who got the only two goals made during the afernoon, and therefore won the match. CITY FOOTBALL CLUB.—This.club will meet for praotico at Stowoll on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday nftornoons, at twenty minutes past four, o'clock. CONVEYANCE TO OATLANDS.—Mr. S. Page notifies that a covered conveyance will leave the coach office Murray-street, on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Satur- days, at 2 p.m., for Oatlands, leaving the Oatlands Hotel, Oatlands, for Hobart Town on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays at 10 a.m' The fare to Oatlands will be 2s. 6d., and to Green Ponds is 6d. THE FATL ACCIDEJNT AT SPRING HILL.—The in- quest on the body of the man James Davis, who was killed by being run over by tho coach at Spring Hill on Friday, will be held to-day. The funeral will take place at Oatlands on Wednesday next, at 2 p.m. A FALL.—John Grinnard, a lad of 12 years of age, was admitted to the hospital on Saturday afternoon in an insensible condition, and with his head slightly cut. He was in the act of mounting a horse in Murray-street, near the Union Club Hotel, whon the girths broke and let him fall to the ground. On Sunday he was able to return to his home. A very old man in ancient times once went to the King of Spain, and lamented over the degeneracy of the times. The king replied "What you say is undoubtedly true, for I remember that whem I was a boy I heard my father say that when was a boy he heard my grandfather say the same thing." 