CHAPTER XXVIII. The two lovely maidens, so like and yet so verj different in expression and carriage, stood looking at each other a moment in silence. And then the one who had been hitherto but a quiet spectator de- clared : " There is still another sequel to this strange story. Will Uncle Hugh also receive two Annabels, if there .ball be no conflicting claims ? My cousin, you bave nobly fulfilled your part I am as proud of yon as Uncle Hugh can be, and I would not seek to usurp your reign, Sut-I did not di«, I am hsre alive. And if Guido will not be angry at my cheating him J and if Uncle Hugh will love me still, and some one will bring dear old Prudy to me-I am the happiest one of all here " There was another fervent and agitated embracing, and holding them both in his arms, Sir Hugh ex- claimed, m tones of deepest thanksgiving " How rich I am ' How glad, how blessed ! while poor Cameron is stricken with such anguish Anna- bel, darling, I behe\ e m truth that the demon of Hathaway temper and pride is exorcised for ever I cannot find a single throb of aager in my heart, against him, or against Reginald, or against any one else The full tide of love, let in upon my heart in such a sudden flood, has swept away all such evil passions" " Which Annabel is the darling'" asked the nchlj attired maiden, who bad come hither with him, with a tremulous smile on her lips " You must give us new names now, Uncle Hugh, that we may know which you mean." " Nay," spoke quickly the plainly-dressed denizen of the cottage, " there is no need. He spoke but now a name tbat thrilled my heart-the old pet name that he and Prudy used. You are the only one he has known as Annabel My name with Uncle Hugh i is the old Scotch 'girlie' still " " You are both my-darhngs It will be hard to say which claims the warmest share Perhaps the little fairy yonder will yet oust you both. I shall be sure of her for many years yet But jou two There is Professor Ned-and-who else, girlie" This is the hour for frank confessions " Poor Guido was looking over to them, with trem- , Wing lips and wistful eyes > ' My cousin *" he murmured, and then was Bilent Assunta, lingering close beside him, had watched all this exciting scene, with her great black eyes full of keen interest and softened emotion She looked down upon him now with a yearning smile, and then tu'ned to read the meaning of the sweet gravity that had crept over Anna's eyes, when Guido's voice dropped away from the new name as if affrighted She went forward slowly, and stood beside his chair " There is no one else, Uncle Hugh, ' she said " I am your girlie, and Guido's sister and cousin There will be no one else to step between And Guido, Uncle Hugh, is the next male representative " , "Ah! now it is my turn to Bpeak Sir Hugh Hathaway said rightly that it was the hour for honest confessions," spoke up Assunta, keeping one hand still on Guido's chair, but turning about to face the others, Dorothy most of all " Guido is not a Hatha- way at all He is cousin to Grace and Annabel, but on the Montani side My youngest brother, who was also thrown as much into English society as Anna's father, fell m love with a sweet joung girl who was staying m Florence for her health, and won her heart in return He was destined for the holy orders by our eldest brother, who was already in the Church, and she, it seemed, was promised m mar- riage to some one m her native land, and terribly afraid of the anger ef an elder sister These circum- stances made them conceal the marriage that was privately solemnized-made them hie away to a safe retreat to enjoy their tender happiness Alas ! it was brief enough My brother was killed in a street brawl, while attempting to save a stranger's life His wife lived to look once upon the blue eyes of the child left orphaned at its very birth, and died also in my arms, with her last breath giving the boy .to my charge It was when their own baby boy was ill Do you remember, Dorothy, jour mistress went down into Sicily, and came back with me, ber child strangely pined away, as you declared >> You used to wonder over her low spirits, too. She left her own baby behind in a flower decked grave , and adopted the orphaned one in his place, judging it best that the adoption should remain untold, even to you, whose Btrong attachment to Hathaway interests might make jour partiality for little Anna- bel severely felt as the children grew older Guido's feebleness made the deception easier He never looked his true age, which was neaier Annabel's than that of the lost child. Theirs were noble, generous hearts They gave Guido as close and tender a place as their own children, even after Grace was born They both desired that there should be.no difference made, and no explanation given After that terrible fever lett him so helpless, their desire strengthened My brother m his djing hour, charged me never to grieve Guido's heart by revealing the truth, unlels there was some great and sufficient reason for it His widow reiterated the same with her failing breath And so I have hld the secret in my own heart And I tell it now, because I believe tbe good end sufficient reason has come Guido has received, as it were, a new breath of life Hope and joj within bia heart, the fountain of strength, have quickened all his powers He has shewn a new vigor, and power and endurance Health is returning to him This morning, almost a miracle happened. When Anna came in unexpectedly, deeply agitated by some direful news she had heard concerning Regi- nald Cameron, she crossed the room, and overcome bj dizziness and faintness, wavered and fell Before I could stir, or Dorothy could reach her, Guido had started up-Guido, who has not walked a step for seven years and more He reached her-without crutches, without help of anj sort Is it not blessed proot that we shall have him yet the manly hero of his own ardent aspirations '" She looked around upon them eagerly, her great black eyes ashme with heartfelt gladness, as she continued ' Ah, the miracle was wrought by an angel ' Indeed, it was the Anget of Love ! Dear Miss Hathaway, Guido is not your cousin ! Guido mia, there is no obsatcle be- fore you, if my old eyes can see correctly " Guido had listened breathlessly, a glad glow brightening and dispersing the troubled shadow that hung over his broad forehead He turned to look up into the shy sweet face beside him "Anna-girlie-beloved," he whispered low, "if this prophecy of hers comes true- if I leave my crutches and my chair, and walk forth again m manly strength, and win my artist's name, will there be hope for me rT " There will be none for me if yours fails, dear Guido," she answered, frankly. " I think there must be enough hope and joy for all, as there is certainly room for every soul here m my heart and home," declared Sir Hugh. " We will send Sr. Hewes to hunt up the best surgeons m England. And upon my honor, I think the fair brides may well be proud, each of her own beau-ideal of manly perfection, although m such different types, when we have the grand wed- ding at Hawthorne Hall, which, I alreadyforesee, will drive Mrs. Thompson distracted, and fairly croze poor Prudy, with the pride and joy of it What use for me to question which Annabel is mine, when both are ready to fly into younger arms ' Little Grace, my fairy, come here, y ou aie the jewel Uncle Hugh can hold." He opened his arms, and Grace, after a hesitating glance, sprang into them with a joyous laugh. A tear dropped now and then with the tender kisses he showered upon her shining curls. Annabel knew to whose memory it was given, and watched him with that heartfelt smile of joy that had so seldom shone across her thoughtful face. "But the carriage ia waiting!" exclaimed Sir Hugh, suddenly, " what am I to do P I can never go back to Hawthorne Hall without my treasures. Will} ou come with me, all of you ?" ">ot quite yet, if you please," answered Guido, with a gentle shake of the head. "Remember, dear sir, that though I have been proved a Montam, still I have no Hathaway claims. Besides, my work is here. I have no time to lose from my pictures, if I fulfil my promise to Sir William Cameron." " Poor Sir William ! He will have little thought for pictures now. Perhaps I will consent to leave you until our arrangements have been more definitely decided. Bnt I must have my daughters " " If you don't mind, Uncle Hugh, I would rather you sent Prudy here, and left me to get calm and quiet before going back to the Hall," said "girlie," with an arch smile. "I am a little afraid of Mrs. Thompson, besides. Her seamstress fled rather un- ceremoniously upon hearing of the ghost discovered in the Hall." ' It was she !" exclaimed Annabel " Oh, uncle Hugh you were right-your midnight visitor really camel" "And you knew the difference Dear Uncle Hugh, all my jealous fear that this nobler Annabel would turn me entirely from your heart died out then when you folded me in your arms, and gave me your blessing, and called ixe girlie again I am not afraid to send her back with you alone Let me spend the rest of the day here Only send Prudy Tell her Mrs Nonan is waiting for ber Dear old Prudy ! She is as loyal to her girlie as Dorothy has been to Annabel " Dorothy at the moment was being hugged fondly in her own darling's arms, and she looked over to them with brimming eyes, weeping for very joy "But this will never take us to Hawthorne Hall Come, Annabel-come, little Grace It is your sacred right to see me restore your mother's portrait to its honored place among the true and noble Hathaway s " " Will you stop for Doctor He wes? Let him be there also He deserves the privilege and is worthy of the confidence Let us have Doctor Howes with us, dear Uncle Hugh ne penetrated my secret long ago, and kept silence, and his faith and friendship never faltered" " So be it," answered Sir Hugh " I would bke to have the whole world there, indeed ' And as proof of the sincerity of this declaration, he called all the servants, the moment they reached the Hall, and in plain, affecting language re- lated to them the long-deferred sequel of his sister's life Dr Hewes and ¡Ned arrived before he had con- cluded, and joined the silent procession that fol- lowed the master into the old gallery, where, amidst solemn looks from tearful eyes, the portrait of Maude Hathaway was restored to its proper and honored place amidst the brave and noble women whose lives_had shown no stain or disgrace Doctor Hewes shook Annabel's hand in tender sympathy. " This is a joyful day for the Hall It is a blessed relief from the wretched gloom that hangs over the mansion where we have just closed for ever the eyes of its hapless heir. I confess, my dear young lady, that I dared not hope for such a happy issue. I was prepared to see you driven out friendless when my headstrong, passionate friend discovered the decep I don. I stood watchful and ready to prove myself your mother's friend. Thank heaven, there was no need of me, no need at all. The lion is tamed, I do believe. A blessed day, indeed, for Hawthorne Hall " Ned was waiting for his turn. " I am thankful, dearest Annabel, that this black cloud of gloom has broken away from you. And, do you know, that I am a happier lover for the know- ledge that there is another heiress P I shall bave more courage to a«k soon for the treasure that is to teach me forgetfulness of these sad scenes I have left. And even they are slowly lightening. Sir William has come back a thoroughly humble man He bas no more fler:e invectives against Reginald. He sits there by the stirless figure, weeping softly, but with less bitterness. He has accepted the child's claim, too, while Lady Cameron will hardly trust it from her sight. That innocent hand will heal these cruel wounds. Perhaps it is wisest and best, all that has happened. Indeed, it is our duty to believe it. Lillie was innocent, and Reginald surely was peni- tent. Death has ended their earthly trials. Let us leave them to heaven's mercy." "That indeed is wise and right," she returned, gently." " Ah, Ned, I am afraid it will be many days before that weary look will leave your face. For my sake you must recover your strength and cheer- fulness. You know that I have never forgotten Lillie's description of you. My 'great rock must not fail me." "Please heaven, it never shall," he answered solemnly. 