THE NOVELIST. THE FENCING- OF WA > BEROWNA A TALE OF AUSTRALIAN SQUATTING LIFE. (Written expressly for this Journal.) (CONTINUED.) L;i m bitig is, after ali, an affair of out-posts chiefly. 'i here is a large infusion of guerilla wavfare. Shearing is the real campaign when the entire military force of the kingdom is mobilised ; when tho reserves are called out to the last man. This " protomaehia," with its sall ies and repulses- its anxiety and its triumph \- its feverish energy and reactionary repose, has come to an end. The men are paid off, the huts are empty-the wool-teams are gone, the heat increaser, the travellers decrease, all the land seems setting down into a kind of torrid lotus-eating phase, when everybody is too hot to do anything, and labour of every sort and description has become extinct by process of desiccation. At this season in the .' terra caliente,'' even Riverina, as day by day the sun flaunts his flaming banner in the face of shriuking nature as the water disappears the flowers fade - the grass shrivels, dries, breaks off, and is blown away into infinite space by the fiery breath of the desert winds-a groat horror of dullness and lassitude, settle upon all things. By reason thereof the dogs will scarcely bark, the shepherds have barely suffi cient vitality to cut up tobacco, the sheep de cline the recreation, at once so easy and so pleasantly wrong, of getting lost. With the thermometer lit) in the shade, the millineumof the " dead certain ' sets in. There has been a slight ripple in the breezeless calm, owing to the sinister influence of grass-seed ! This does not sound very dreadful. It rather has a tone of nature's luxuriance, '. giant herbage," waving meadows, and all the rest of it. lt does wave my malison upon it ! Of all the permitted diabolism with which the enemy is suffered to torment man and his poor relatives-the ani mals-the corkscrew member of the grami nece (i Anthistina infernalis," is the deadliest. Barbed involuted rilled, needle-pointed, the tiny javelin which ought to oe a grass seed, is l'ipened arid hardened to the temper of steel by the fierce sun of the desert plains. Borne by the wind, falling ripe for its stalk, it matters not which, it is launched forth and buried in the sides of the tender innocent lambs. " 'i he pity of it !'' up to a certain age, say six months, a man may have a few thousand lambs which are a " sight to seo." Plump, strong, splendidly developed, looking nearly as big as their mothers; in value, so many silver crowns walking upon four legs. The sun Hames. The flower fades. The grass ripens. The waving prairies upou the slopes and the long levels of the augophera woods have a white appear ance, dismal and uncanny in the eyes of Mr. Countemout and the elderly shepherds. Let the bounding, vigorous lambkins but once gambol through this fatal field, and they come forth pierced through the tender pink skins in a hundred places with the barbed arrow heads, stricken nigh unto death. Fancy my favourite friend who thiukest lightly of the sorrows of the " lower classes," brute or human, what my sufferings would be if a howitzer suddenly discharged at thee a thousand tiny barblets striking deep into every skin- crevice, and by a kind of natural rifling, tending to bite more and more deeply, into the agonized flesh¿ Fancy if thou hadst no hands no tweezers, no friend, no speech, nought but dumb agony and an occasional spasmodic kick for relief. Riddled and pierced through every pore, have I seen lambs and young sheep. Through skin, and 'he underlying muscles and nerves went the steel- pointed tiny needle. The helpless victim pines, lies down, wastes, weakened and worn to death with agonized endurance, it refuses food. Then the friendly crow picks out its eyes, as it lies gasping on the sward, afraid to move or to endure from the intolerable agony of locomotion The remainder of the flock struggle through the period, and eventually arrive a t maturity. They tell np in a count, and if the station be sold are as others. But " they never make sheep," and are always referred toby Mr. Oountemout and'other disciplinarians, as " those confounded undersized wretches of the year 187-that were regularly ruined by grass-seed, that have grown up stunted, bad constitutioned, and will never be worth a curso the longest day they live. Great pity they were not all knocked on the head directly they opened their eyes." This was thc sort of thing our young friends found imminent. Fortunately for them, between the ana-branch and the river, t hero was a splendid green, grassy flat, avera ging from one to two miles in width. I did think of a rim to Sydney for a month,'' quo til Gilbert, plaintively, " but now this confounded grass seed is so bad, I shall defer it. Bush fires will bo in season, when the first difficulty is disposed of. Nature is the unkindest stepmother tu squatters !" " We must humour the ancient dame ti'l sho sends ns a wet season," answered Hobbie. " That is our only chance fur a holiday. And then we might hr ve a thousand ewes and lambs drowned like Athelstane, in the great ll..od.' " Served him right," said dilbert, ruthlessly. " Tie want as unready as Iiis namesako of Ivan hoc, ¡'nd took in» precautions, when he saw tho I anabranch filling up lief ure his («yes. jVowwhat pi'ceiuitionsjivo vc. going to take. We mnsn't lose all the3e fine lainljs now that we have cot them." " Well," returned Hobbie, " the flat between the anabranch creek anti the river is all clover and meadow grass t ogether. Except on the small sand-hill there is not an acre of cork screw grass in the lot. The creek is high; if* we swim the lambs over, and brush fence one or two of the shallow places, they will be safe, sound, and literally in clover for the next three months. By that time all the grass seed will have been shed. ' " First rate idea ! ' assented Gilbert. " We must get them all in, draft off the ewes, and then the lambs will be weaned and out of harm's way at one and the same time. ' This project was duly carried through, with the full concurrence and assistance of Mr. (Jountemout. The weaners were drafted off, and, being taken toa yard, at a narrow part ot' the creek, where a rope was also stretched across as a guioe, were after considerable in timidation and coercion forced over. Sheep, especially when young, are nearly as timid as cats, and as unwilling to wet their feet. There was no likelihood of their volunteering to swim back. S^ they roamed untended over the great river meadows till the autumn, enjoying abundant food and water, and perfect im munity from the deadly grass-seed. * # * * # * * * * * * # " I dont like the look of the weather at all," said Mr. Oountemout, apropos of nothing, one evening, as they were all smoking in the ver andah. "What's the matter with it?'' said Gil bert, looking up at the starry heavens of a cloudless autumn night. " Seems fine enough now." ' A deal too fine,'' returned that experienced resident of the back country, " lt has threatened rain repeatedly at times lately, and there have been a good many clouds, but no rain no rain, that s what I look at. I could swear that the winter was setting in dry." " You don't say so P" asked Gilbert, with some anxiety. "To me there's nothing un common in the appearance of clouds, and the absence of rain.'' " I ve been watching the signs of the season for some time, ' continued Oountemout, with a grave and earnest expression upon his darkly bronzed features, " and everything tells tho same story. I hear that the stock are moving in from the back all through the lower cour>« try. I saw an ibis to- day, too. My belief is th at we are on the edge of a great drought." " God forbid !" ejaculated Hobbie. At the sound of the ominous word " drought," both the brothers were obviously moved. In the land in which they lived it was a sound of dread, an image of desolation which few stock holders who had lived a decade in Biverina recalled without terror. In the great plains of the interior, even in the more temperate regions of Australia, the awful spectre of drought had appeared at uncertain intervals in the history of the land. Before its gradual approach and deathlike presence, verdure flies the earth. The streams and springs disappear, the stock which have multiplied in happier seasons, by slow degrees pine and die from sheer starvation ; or in the distant, scantily watered solitudes, from which their owners have not had the foresight to drive them, be fore the last waterhole is exhausted, perish in thousands, maddened with the torture of thirst. In many cases the labours of long years are rendered fruitless in a single season. The un lucky squatter, overtaken and distracted, finds the small portion of bis stock, which have es caped the famine, utterly unsaleable. Even at the lowest prices, men are unwilling to pur chase, having but scanty pasture for their own attenuated flocks and herds. If he be free from debt, he may bear the losses, trusting to make a fresh beginning with the remnant of his stock ; if he has been erecting " improve ments " on credit, however well considered, and certain to pay eventually, or if he have engagements to meet dependant upon the sale of stock, he is a ruined man. Sueh were the ideas which ¡Jassed through the minds of the proprietors of Wanderowna as Mr. Oountemout delivered himself of his gloomy prediction. They knew that he had lived for many years in the neighbourhood, and had passed through the ordeal of such a visitation Of his general sagacity and powers of observation they entertained no doubt. Therefore danger in their eyes was sufficiently near to be confronted. Hobbie was the first to speak. " lt to Ul be awfully mortifying after all our expense and successful carrying through of the great fencing idea, if wo have to retrace our steps, advertise for shepherds, and travel tho sheep to tho mountains, which is the ob vious course if Oountemout is dismally right, and I'm afraid he is !" " I mn not so sure of that," answered Gil bert, who had been smoking savagely, and cor rugating his brow, as if with unusual mental effort. I am not sure but that the fencing will stand to us in our extremity; and we niay have another pu)on to sing in praise of it. Wo have not as yet fully »tocked the run. We have a large part of the back country feuced. We have one goad well twenty milos back, which will water "10 OOO sheep and more. I vote for completing the fencing, putting down another well, Mid standing the shot." " We shall certainly savo the immenso ex pense, trouble, and partial loss of * travelling.' I My blood [nins cold, ' pathetically continued Plobbie, " t the bare idea of ten fresh shep herds, dogs, carts, rations, billies, tents, brush yards! reporters, hobbles, bells, and all the antiquated nuisances I fondly hoped we had o-ot rid of for ever. We have lots of rough feed, a few scrubby ranges too at the back ; if we had one more well and a few miles more fencing I believe we could weather it out. J am for trying. What do you say, Oountemout ? ' That veteran removed a highly-coloured pipe from his lips, and thoughtlessly made answer, "I am noe sure but what Gilbert is rh;ht, and considering that the grass, just now, is very faiv, and that there is plenty of three-year-old feed at the back that a new well would bring into play, we mi^ht see it out without unrea sonable loss; but there's this to be looked at if we H tart from here, say next month, we can make the mountains with twenty thousand sheep, in four or live weeks, and have first-rate quarters on the road. On the other hand, if we stand by the run with all the stock, get the sheep regularly down in condition, and find at the worst of the drought that we can't hold on any longer, why then"-and he gave a puff at the darkly red meerschaum, which sent the clouds of strong negrohead np towards the ceiling, causing them to "fold and swim'' like the vapour of a locomotive. " Why then we can travel when we can do nothing else," contiuued Hobbie. "By that time," solemnly made answer the old bushman, " the road between WanderoAvna and the mountains will be like a stockyard, there will be no more grass upon it than there is upon the floor of this rooin. . The sheep will be so weak that they could * hardly bear the journey, even if there was feed. Only one thing can happen, if the rain keeps off, when you get to that stage." "And that is?" inquired Gilbert, who had been following the speaker with deep attention, "that you will see every sheep you have in the world, die before your eyes, without the ghost of a chance of saving anything but their skins. A sorry sight it is. And I, John Cumnor Oountemout, have seen it happen, aye, and to my own sheep, too. I wasn't always a super. 1 started with a tidy little capital when I first came to Australia, and I lost nine thousand sheep, to the last tally, within six months." "What, from drought, old fellow?" asked Hobbie, sympathisingly, " why, yon never told us that." "No! catarrh! I was left with two horses and as many suits of clothes, when all was paid. It's an old story. There is a bit of bad hick now and then, or I shouldn't be here on a £100 a-year. All the same, 1 couldn't be in a better place. But i've seen five thousand fat wethers, splendid sheep too, die of thirst on a hack block. The owner nearly went mad at the same time. But I think we've had enough of these old stories for one night. I've got to he at the Long Ridge at sunrise. Good night." The grizzled, iron-hearted, iron-sinewed, pioneer drained off his glass of grog and strode off to bed, leaving to our friends considerable material for thought. " Poor old Oountemont has had hard luck, as it would seem," said Hobbie, after a rather long interval of smoking, during which they gazed silently at the dark blue starry heavens "The race is not always to the swift, truly, or he could have been named in the running ; he is strong, shrewd, economical, and upright in all his ways ; 'and yet, there he sat, as he was telling us his tragedy, close on fifty, his life pretty nearly told out, and a couple of hacks, three brood mares, and a ten-pound note or two his sole possessions." " There's apparently an ingredient of what we are content to call luck in the affairs of life," said Gilbert. '. I fancy it has been remarked before. When one sees some of our neigh bours, who are neither clever, strong, nor even particularly honest, in possession of famous bitR of country, that even their gross misman agement cannot render unprofitable, the riddle of lite does seem a little difficult to unravel." " We shall find the difficulty increased," quoth Hobble, returning to the concrete, " when thia drought, in all its glory, is upon us. What ¡ire we to dop Foreign travel or domestic felicity, which is it to be? According to Oountemont, Riverina is about to be like a pastoral edition of ' tho last mau,' the last squatter will boil down the last sheep, and gracefully subside amid the grand concluding conflagration. Tim sun's eya liad aalokly Klare, The grass with age was wan, Tho skeletons ol "stations' were Around that lonely man - Borne lind expired of fright, the .' MlAvns" tttill rusted in their bony hands; Of scab and foot-rot some. The woolsheds had no sound, nor tread, Hhcphords, and docs, and Hucks were dead In score:«, and therefore dumb. Parodies are gloriously easy, aro they not ? I feel very like a poet." " My dear Hobbie, remember the lady in the Hyperion, . Sir," said she, witb dignity, ' you have been drinking,' you must have mixed a second grog unconsciously, or you would not joko about our probable ruin, aud make ruf fianly parodies." "Well, old fellow," said Hobbie, "I stand reproved ; and now for business. What aro wo to do ?" 1 " I have been thinking, ' answered Gilbert, , "and I adhere to our first idea., niangro Gonn- | tcmout's gloomy possibilities. We are not ¡ above three-fourths stocked. Let us get tho j remaining fence at the back finished, while j there is a little grass left. Advertise at once tor another set of well-sinkers, and if wc | 8trike water at a reasonable depth, we shall : ! have both feed and water to keep us going, unless it's a worse drought than imy thing since 1S37." " [ think we may risk it," assented Hobbie, much assured by his elder's calm and confident bearing. " We are not like Jack Buhner, who is fully stocked, and has a lot of cattle. I suspect he mud travel." " Very likely ; the run looked rather bare when I w;is down last, and three thousand head of store cattle, which he put on last season, all at once, eat and destroy a good deal of grass. All the same, he will fight his way through somehow-as of yore. But his move ments need not govern us." (TO BB CONTINUED.) 