Chapter LXXXI. " Du Erde warst aucta dlesc Nacht best&ndijf;, Und athmest neu terqulcktzu nteiuen PtlBsen, Beginues^ actum mit Lust mlch zu umgebea, Du vent und rUhret einkrfiftiireB Beschliessen ' ZumhOchsten Daselu immerfort eu etrebeu.'" —Pawst; SrTbeiL When Dorothea was again at Lydgate's door speaking to Martha; he was in the rooth felose by with the door ajar, preparing to go out. He heard her voice, and impaediately came to1 her.'" ! ' *'Do you think that Mrs. Lydgate can receive me this morning?" she said, having reflected that it would be better to leave out all allusion to her previous Visit. -httve no doubt shfe ^dlli" said Lydgate, Suppressing his thought . about .Dorothea's ll$ks; Which wepe as much changed as Rosa fund's, "if you will be kind enough to come in hnd let me tell her that you are here. She iias 'nOt been Very well since .you yrqre here yesterdayt but she is better this morning, and I think it is very likely that she will be cheered by seeing you again.' , It was plain that Lydgate, as Dorotheahad expected, knew nothing about the circum stances of her yesterday's visit; nay, he ap peared to imagine that she had carried it out according to her intention. She had prepared a note asking Rosamond to see her, which she would have given to the. servant if lie had not been in the way, but now she was in much anxiety as to the result of his announcement. After leading her into the drawingroom, he paused to take a letter from his pocket and put it into her hands, saying, "I wrote this last night, and was going to carry it to Lowick in my ride. When one is grateful for some thing too good for common thanks, writing is less unsatisfactory than speech—one does not at least hear how inadequate the words are." Dorothea's face brightened. "Itislwho have most to thank for, since you have let me, take that place. You have consented ?" she said, suddenly doubting. " Yes, the cheque is going to Bulstrode to day." He said no more, but went • upstairs to Rosamond,' who had but lately finished dress ing herself, and sat languidly wondering what she should *<lo next, her habitual industry in small things, even in the days of her .sadness, prompting her to begin some kind of occupation, which she dragged through slowly or paused in from lack of interest. She looked ill, but had recovered her usual quietude of manner, and Lydgate had feared ■ to disturb her by any questions. He had told kerof Dorothea'slettercontainingthecheque, and afterwards he had said, "Ladislaw is come, Rosy; he sat with me last night; I daresay he will be here again to-day.. I thought lie looked rather battered and de pressed:". And Rosamond had made no reply. Now, when he came up, he said to her very gently, " Rosy, dear, Mrs. Casaubon is come to see you again—you "would like to see lier, \- would you not f That she coloured and gave rather a.startled movement did not surprise him after the agitation.produced by the in terview yesterday—a beneficent agitation, he thought, since it seemed to have made her turn to him again. Rosamond dared not say no. She dared not with a tone of her voice touch the facts of yesterday. Why had Mrs. Casaubon come j again ? The answer wTas a blank which Rosa mond could only fill up with dread, for Will Ladislaw's lacerating words had made every thought of Dorothea a fresh smart to her. Nevertheless, in her new humiliating uncertainty she dared do nothingbut comply. She did not say yes, but she rose and let Lydgate put a light shawl over her shoulders, while he said, " I am going out immediately." Then something crossed her mind which prompted her to say, "Pray tell Martha not to bring any one else into the drawingroom." And Lydgate assented, thinking that he fully understood this wish. He led her down to the drawingroom door, and then turned away, observing to himself that he J was rather a blundering husband to be dependent for his wife's trust in him on the influence of another woman. Rosamond, wrapping her soft shawl around her as she walked towards Dorothea, was inwardly wrapping her soul in cold reserve. Had Sire. Casaubon come to say anything to her about Will? If so, it was a liberty that Rosamond resented ; and she prepared her self to meet every word with polite im passibility. Will had bruised her pride too sorely for her to feel any compunction towards him and Dorothea : her own injury seemed much the greater. Dorothea was not only the "preferred" woman, but had also a formidable advantage in being Lydgate's benefactor; and to poor Rosamond's pained confused vision it seemed that this Sirs. Casaubon—this woman who predominated in all things concerning her—must have come now with the sense of having the advantage, and with animosity prompting her to use it. Indeed, not Rosamond only, but any one else, knowing the outer facts of the case, and not the simple inspiration on which Dorothea acted, might well haye wondered why she came.' Looking like the lovely ghost of herself, her graceful slimness wrapped in her soft white shawl, the rounded infantine mouth and cheek inevitably suggesting mildness and innocence, Rosamond paused at three yards' distance from her visitor and bowed. But Dorothea, who had taken off her gloves, from an impulse which she could never resist when she wanted a sense of freedom, came forward, and with her face full of a sad vet sweet openness, put out her baud. Rosamond could not avoid meeting her glance, could not avoid putting her small hand into Dorothea's, which clasped it with gentle motherliness; and immediately a doubt of her own prepossessions began to stir within her. Rosamond's eye was quick for faces; she saw that Mrs. Casaubon's face looked pale and changed since yesterday, yet gentle, and like the mm softness of her hand. But Dorothea had couuted a little too much on her own strength: the clearness and intensity of her mental action this morning were the continuance of a nervous exaltation which made her frame as dange rously responsive as a bit of finest Venetian crystal: and in looking at Rosamond, she suddenly found her heart swelling, and was unable to speak—all her effort was required to keep back tears. She succeeded in that, and the emotiomonly passed over her face like the spirit of a sob; but it added to Rosamond's impression that Mrs. Casaubon's state, of mind must be something quite different from what she had imagined. So they sat down without a word of preface on the two chairs that happened to be nearest, and happened also to be close together: though Rosamond's notion when she first bowed was that she should stay a long way off from Mrs. Casaubon. But she ceased thinking how anything would turn out—merely wondering what would come. And Dorothea began to speak quite simply, gathering firmness as she weiit on. "I had an errand yesterday which I did not finish ; that is why I am here again so soon. You will not think me too trouble some, when I tell you that I came to talk to you about the injustice that lias been shown towards Mr. Lydgate. It will cheer you— will it not ?—to know: a great deal about him, that he may hot like to speak about himself just because it is in bis own vindication and to,his own honour. You will like to know that your husband has warm friends, who have not left off believing in his high character?, you will let me speak of this without thinking that I take a liberty!" The cordial, pleading toneB which seemed toflow with generous heedlessness above all the facte which had ;filled Rosamond's muni as grounds of obstruction and hatred between her and this woman, came Us soothingly as a warm stream over her shrink ing fears. Of course Mrs. Casaubon had the facts in her mind, hut she was not going to apeak of anything connected with them. That relief was too great for' Rosamond to feel much else at the moment. She answered prettily, in the new ease of her soul— "I know you have been very good. I shall like to hear anything you will say to me about Terttus." "The day before yesterday," said Doro thea, "when I had asked him to come to Lowick to give me his opinion on the affairs of the hospital, he told me everything • about his conduct and feelings in this sad event which has made ignorant people cast suspicions on him. The reason he told me was because I was very bold and asked him. 1 believed that he had never acted dishonour ably, and I begged him to tell me the history. Be confessed to me that he had never told it before, not even to you, because he had a great dislike to say, ' I was not wrong,' as if that were proof, when there are guilty people who will say so. The truth is, he knew nothing of this man Baffles, or that there were any bad secrets about him; and he thought that Mr. Bulstrode offered him the money because he repented, out of kindness, of haiing refused it before. All his anxiety about his patient Was to treat him rightly, and he was a little uncomfortable that the case did not end as he had expected ;but he thought then and still thinks that there may have been no wrong in it on any one's part. And I have told Mr. Farebrother and Mr. Brooke, _ and Sir James Chettam: they all believe in your husband. That will cheer you, will it not 2 That will give you cou rage ?" :i Dorothea's face had become animated,' stud as it beamed on Rosamond very close to her, she felt something like bashful timidity be fore a superior, in the presence of this self forgetful ardour. She said, with blushing embarrassment, "Thank you : you are very kind." " And jhe felt that he had been so wrong not to pour out everything about this to yon. But you will forgive him. It was because he feels so much more about your happiness than anything-else—he feels his life bound into one with yours, and it hurts hjm more than anything that his misfortunes must hurt you. He could speak to me because I am an indifferent person. And then I asked him if I might come to see you; because I felt so much for his trouble and yours. That is why I came yesterday, and why I am come to-day. Trouble is so hard to bear, is it not 2 —How can we live and think that any one has trouble—piercing trouble—and Are could help them, and never try ?" Dorothea, completely swayed by the feeling that she was uttering, forgot everything but that she was speaking from out the heart of herown trial to Rosamond's. Theemotion had wrought itself more and more into her utter ance, till the tones might have gone to one's very marrow, like a low cry from some suffer ing creature in the darkness. And she had unconsciously laid her hand again on the little hand that she had presssed before. Bosamond, with an overmastering pang, as if a wound within her had been probed, burst into hysterical crying as she had done the day before when she clung to her hus band. Poor Dorothea was feeling a great wave of her own sorrow returning over her —her thought being drawn to the possible share that Will Ladislaw might have in Rosa mond's mental tumult. She was beginning to fear that she should not be able to suppress herself enough to the end of this meeting,, and while her hand was still resting on Rosa mond's lap, though the hand underneath it was withdrawn, she was struggling against her own rising sobs. She tried to master herself with the thought that this might be a turn ing-point in three lives—not in her own; no, there the irrevocable had happened, but—in those three lives which were touching hers with the solemn neighbourhood of danger and distress. The fragile creature who was crying close to her—there might still be time to rescue lier from the miseiy of false inconr patible bonds ; and this moment was unlike any other: she and Bosamond could never be together again with the same thrilling con sciousnes of yesterday within them both. She felt the relation. between them to be peculiar enough to give her a peculiar influ ence, though she had no conception-that the way in which her own feelings were involved was fully known to Mrs. Lydgate. _ It was a newer crisis in Rosamond's experi ence than even Dorothea conld imagine : she was. under the first great shock that had shattered her dream- world in which she had been easily confident of herself and critical of others; and this strange unexpected mani festation of feeling in a woman whom she had apppoached with a shrinking aversion and ctread, as one who must necessarily have a jealous hatred towards her, made her soul totter all the more with a sense that she had been walking in an unknown world which had juBt broken in upon her. . When Rosamond's convulsed throat was subsiding into calm, and she withdrew the handkerchief with which she had been biding her face, her eyes met Dorothea's as helplessly as if they had been blue flowers. What was the use of thinking about behaviour after this crying? And Dorothea looked almost as childish, with the neglected trace of a silent tear. Pride was broken ddv:n betweeen these two. "We are talking about your husband," Dorothea.said, with some timidity. " Ithought his looks were sadly changed with suffering the other day. I had not seen him for many weeks before. He said he had been feeling very lonely in his trial; but I think he would have borue it all better if he bad been able to be quite open with you." " Tertius is so angry and impatient if I say anything," said Bosamond, imagining that he had been complaining of her to Dorothea. '*He ought not to wonder that I object to speak to him on painful subjects." " It was himself he blamed for not spdaking," said Dorothea. "What he said of you was, that he could not be happy in doing anything which made you unhappy— that this marriage was of course a bond winch, must affect his choice about everything; and for that reason he refused my proposal that hp should keep his position at the hospital be cause that would jb9|flr him stay in Middlemarch, and'he would not undertake to do anythmg which would be painful to you. He could say that to me, because hd knows that I had much trial in my marriage, from my husband's illness, which ■ hindered his plans andsaddened him; and'he knows that I have felt how hard it is to walk always in fear of hurting another who is tied to U8." . tj,.. . Dorothea waited a little y she had discerned a faint -pleasure stepling pver Rosamond's face. But there ww. jao answer and she went on, withagtt^^ is so unUke evBjytbrfigslBe. There is some thing even a'V^iin' the neamess it hrings. Even if we Idyed 'some one else better than —than those we marfied to, it would be no use "—poor Dorothea, ^in her ^palpitating anxiety, could t .nmy . seise her language brokenly—" I mean, .anappage drinks up ail our power of giving! .f^jj^ro|ttg ;.anr blessed-, ness in that sort. otAljwpSaEKtoiow it maybe very dear—butitl^w^mKmllxiaget^ad thenthte marriagesw^saphns JikftftnMMdefc —and everything else is gone. -And then our husband—if he loved and trusted us, and we have not helped him, but made curse in his life. . 'liMSMMi Her voice had sunk very low : tt dr ead upon her of presuming too | __ speaking as if she herself were perfection addressing error. She was too much pre occupied with her own anxiety to be aware that Rosamond was trembling too ; and tilled with the need to express pitying fellowship rather than rebuke, she put her hands on Kosamond's, and said with more agitated rapidity,—" I know, I know that the feeling may be very dear—it has taken hold of us unawares—it is so hard, it may seem like death to part with it—and we are weak—I am weak " The waves of her own sorrow, from out of which she was struggling to save another, rushed over Dorothea with conquering force. She stopped in speechless agitation, not crying, but feeling as if she were being inwardly grappled. Her face had become of a deathlier paleness, her lips trembled, and she pressed her hands helplessly on the hands that lay under them. Rosamond, taken hold of by an emotion stronger than her own—hurried along in a new movement which gave all things some new, awful, undefined aspect—could find no words, but involuntarily she put her lips to Dorothea's forehead, which was very near her, and then for a minute the two women clasped each other as if they had been in a shipwreck. "You are thinking what is not true," said Bosamond, in an eager half-whisper, while she was still feeling Dorothea's arms round her—urged by a mysterious necessity to free herself from something that oppressed her as if it were blood-guiltiness. They moved apart, looking at each other. "When you came in yesterday—it was not as you thought," said Rosamond in the same tone. There was a movement of surprised atten tion in Dorothea. She expected a vindication of Rosamond herself. " He was telling me how he loved another woman, that I might know he could never love me," said Rosamond, getting more and more hurried as she went on. "And now I think he hates me because—because you , mistook him yesterday. He says it is through me that you will think ill of him—think that heis a false person. But it shallnot be through me. He has never had any love for me—I know he has not—he has always thought slightly of me. He said yesterday that no other woman existed for him beside you. The blame of what happened is entirely mine. He said he could never explain to you—be cause of me. He said you could never think well of him again. But now I have told you, and he cannot reproach me any more." Rosamond had delivered her soul under impulses which she had not known before. She had begun her confession under the subduing influence of Dorothea's emotion; and as she went on she had gathered the sense that she was repelling Will's reproaches, which were still like a knife-wound within her. The revulsion of feeling in Dorothea was too strong to be called joy. It was a tumult in winch the terrible strain of the night and morning made a resistant pain: she could only perceive that this would be joy when she had recovered her power of feeling it Her immediate consciousness was one of immense sympathy without check; she cared for Rosa mond without struggle now, and responded earnestly to her last words: " No, he cannot reproach you any more." With her usual tendency to over-estimate the good in others, she felt a great outgoing of her heart towards Rosamond for the generous effort which had redeemed her from suffering, not counting that the effort was a reflex of her own energy. After they had been silent a little, she said— " You are not sorry that I came this morn ing V" " No, you have been very good to me," said Rosamond. "I did not think that you would be so good. I was very unhappy. I am not happy now. Everything is so sad." "But better days will come. Yourhusband will be rightly valued. And he depends on you for comfort He loves you best. The worst loss would be to lose that—and you have not lost it," said Dorothea. She tried to thrust away the too overpowering thought of her own relief, lest she should fail to win some sign that Rosamond's affection was yearning back towards her husband. " Tertius did not find fault with me then ?'' said Rosamond, understanding now that Rydgate might have said anything to Mrs. Casaubon, and that she certainly was different from other women. Perhaps there was a front taste of jealousy in the question. A smile began to play over Dorothea's face as she said— '' No, indeedl How could you imagine it ?' Bnt here the door opened, and Lydgate entered. | " I am come hack in my quality of doctor," j he said. " After I went away, I was haunted by two pale frees: Mrs. Casaubon looked as much in need of care as you, Rosy. And I thought that I had not done my duty inleaving you together; so when 1 had been to Coleman's I came home again. I noticed that yon were walking, Mrs. Casaubon, and the sky has changed—I think we may have rain. May I send some one to order your carriage to come for you?" "Oh no1.1 am strong: T need the walk," said Dorothea, rising with animation in her free. '' Mrs. Lydgate and I have chatted a great deal, and it is time for me to go. I have always been accused of being immoderate and saying too much." She put out her hand to Rosamond, and they said an earnest, quiet good-bye without Iubb or other show of effusion; there had beqn between them too much Berious emotion for them to use the signs of it superficially. As Rydgatetobkher to the door, she said nothing or Rosamond, hut told him of Mr. Farebrother and the other friends who hod listened "with belief to his .story.', * When became back to Rosamond, she liad plreadythrown hereelf on.the sofa,, in re Signedfriigue/ . j ~ " ^ell, ,j|osy," he said, Standing over her, and touching her hair," what do you think of |dra,<hsaubon now. ypu; have seen so much wf.'herHjki ,<<£'lihink she must be better tlmn any one,' AaidBfliskmond, "and'she is very beautifuL often; you will be frOne discontented with me than ever." I LydgftteTfiughed at the " so often." "But has she made you any less discontented with ti,,IthinKshe-haA"«aidRosamond,looking How'hfr^jrour eges are, and fel^thantohd for this littld mark of in teieStfh'fciiiu, Poof Rosamond's vagrant fancy had comeback terribly Scourged—meek "He baft<hos6nthis fcagileereature, takentbe huriheh of 'het life upon iitnns. ^^Tfruj»%dk as he could; carry 