VOICE OF THE PULPIT. IThii column is entirely supplied by correspondents, and ovory communle.tlon wo rccolvoen Monday msm- inga upon tho subject has its placo hero. At Trinity Church, East Melbourne, in the morning, Mr. Wollnstou proaohed from the words, " Tho priest's lips should keep knowledge." He said. Christ. had. abolished tho priesthood ; nevertheless the ohuroh had boen established by Christ and His apostles ; and its" ministers wore called by God and by tho presbytery. Therefore they aro what tho Jowish priests wore, and aro, as Faul aid, ambassadors of Christ, And their priestly functions will never cease through all eternity; beoauso they will riso in the first resurrection, and will reign with Christ for a thousand years. Bnt they havo not to offer np their bodicB'as Ho did. Thoy bavo no such sacriGco to mako as Ho mado. Tboy havo not to boar about in the body the dying of tbs Lord Josus, that tho life also of Jeans might be made manifest in them. No : theirs is only the spiritual sacriGce of prayer, and praise, and thanksgiving ; like wise of self-denial and of eolf-saerifico. _ To do good and to oommunioats tho Holy Spirit, as Paul enjoined all thoso to do among the Hebrews who had received tho Holy Ghost, - was part of the duty of _ a Christian minister. And as is tho minis- tor— a truo Christian — whose rulo of lifo is lovo to God and lova to man ; such also should he the laity. But what was the actual state of affairs ? Although thoy had been regenerated, and wore thereforo incapable of wrong-doing, beoause whosoever is born of God sinnetli not, and tho wicked one toucbeth him not ; yot, as a matter of fact, they were oonstantly sinning, and wore thus exposing tbomeelves to the merciless justice of an offended God, whoso mercy onduroth forever. "What," said Mr. Wollaston in conclusion, " is the result of ail our preach ing ? Alas 1 it is little or none- Men con tinue to hurry down tho broad road that leadeth te destruction, and wo cannot arrest them." The Rev. Robert Barlow preached yester day morning at St. Mark's, discoursing from the 3rd chapter of Daniel, in which it is related" that Nebuchadnezzar— made an imago ninety feet in height, and set it up in the plain of Duro, and after assembling " all tho people, tho nations and tho languages," he caused all three to fall down and worship the image. The image was of gold. Tho reverend gentleman said that tho reason people were so fond of the Bible, especially of the Old Testament, was on account of tho many boautiful pictures it contained. The minds of young children are mnoh attracted by pictures, and in a measure this may be .said of full-grown minds, for wo are all pleased and attracted by illustrations ; nothing oxcites tho mind bo much as wonder ; we like what is wonderful, and what is out of the ordinary run of things ; now tho word of God supplies us with both these wants ; it is full of pictures, and full of wonderful things. The object of the minister is not, as many suppose, to improve what is in the Bible, bat simply to point out the beautiful scenes whioh are depicted in the word of God, and draw tho attention of his hearers to the more excellent points in oaoh picture, just as if the Bible were a picture gallery, and tho minister an attendant kept to show the various pictures to visitors. The preacher here drew a graphic sketch of the multitude on the plain of Dura bowing down in abject humility before the image of gold — confessing at the same time that it was quite impossible to say what it all really meant. He then passed on to show how manfully the three young men, Sbad- rach, Meshaob, and Abednego, stood out against the order to prostrate themselves and worship tho golden image, and pointed oat what a hard thing it is to stand up against custom. What a great and over powering inflaenoe custom has upon us all. The wave of custom rushes on, and carries thousands along with it. Custom tolls us all the way to dress and the way to li- e ; what to do, and what not to do, and as in everyday life so in religious lifo, custom rules supreme. For instance, how hard it is for a father of a family to introducs for the first time family worship into his house; and again, how difficult it is for a religious young man to stand up for the Lord Jesus during business hoars, when he is surrounded on all sides by profane and wicked men. But amidst all tbeBS hardships it is well to know that what happened to the three young men while in the furnace will happen to all persecuted Christians, for when, the furnace of affixation burns within them there will be found Jesus, the second person of the God- hepd, comforting them, just at He appeared iu the furnace on the plain of Dora, walking and talking with Shadrach, Meshach, . and Abednego. How he got thero we oannot tell, ' but this wo know — that when the truo Christian is in trouble thero is Jesus also. The Rev. H. H. F. Haudfield, at St. Peter's, delivered a short discourse appropriate to Alt- Saints Day, on tho text from Luke, " He is the God of tho Living." : To the sarosstio oarpirijgs of the Saddnoees, our Lord replied that immortal beings are by. their very con- \- Btitution exempt from tho provisions and conditions of mortality ; what thoir laws arei we can neither know nor guess, enough that immortal life awaits us. , Similar ques tions aro put by anxious .offeotion.in a dif ferent spirit, and by calm, intellectual in difference, without revorenoe, but without scorn. And, who that has just laid a friend in-the grave can repress an anxiety touohuig his future welfare ? Who does not sympa thise. with the question, How is it with the'dead? This day wob once called "All Souls Day." For there aro many undis tinguished by horoism or intellect, therefore unknown to fame, who die, mourned by a few kindred. The priesthood arrogating a monopoly assurance, bargained at an advantage with prostrate affection, and sold masses for the dead. The reformed.ohurch discontinued these and hastily adopting the gratuitous degma ihat-this life's deeds are final in their effeot, that there is no repentance in the grave,- and no hope of future improvement — an opinion for which I know no anthority in Soripturo, or support in reason — discontinued all prayerB for the departed. With a gloomy resignation they enjoined, " of the dead speak nought but good, "as "though the faults were past remedy, and should be forgotten on earth. But "He is God of the living, and all who live live to Him." We know not in deed their : laws of .. life,' but we, know that all that is : of- .God is shared by them. Ties of kindred, affeotion, days of. loving commune, these still live' among tliem, and thoir memories follow thom iu their blessed rest. So natural 1b this anxiety that it has broken ont in fantastio forms among the present raoe. These wild fo- tishisms, these morbid sentimentaliBms, these childish and barbarous antlos, are only redeemed from . our abhorrenoe by the stray gleams of affeotion and roverenoe that some times illumino them. . Still thoy seem to mo, on the whole; oven worse than ancient masses for the dead, and . quite as capable of being made instruments of extortion in the hands of unsorupulouB cupidity, dealing with trust ing and tim.orous love. Ia tho Gospel Is all we ndofl, rejecting fetish both old and new. We learn that Ho lives ; that who dwelloth with Him on earth defies death ; that death may awhile divide ne from- glory; but neither life nor death — neither life .with its trials, sorrows, tomptatious, and errors, nor Death with bia darkness, his destrnotion, and his suspension of present powers, can separate us from the love and the power of Him who has gone up on high, led oaptivity captive, graBped the keys of hell, and buret the barrier of the tomb. We shall live with Him, not by virtuo of any law of Nature or dinoovory of eolenco, but by and through Him, who has, for us, conquered Death. - At the Baptist Church, Lonsdale street, the Rev. John Turner preaohed in the mom ing from the words in Isaiah zxlx, 24 "They 'also that erred in spirit shall come te understanding, and thoy that murmured shall leam docriinc." Mr. Turner sa d that "understanding" 1b one of the glorious names of our Lord Jesus Christ. . Understanding. I have strength. Proverbs vlii. 14. Dootrmo is tho truth of the Gospel of Christ. To "orr" is human, though this nature of outs would foigu porauado us that It is human to da right. Our prancness to "orr" is universal ; while sewo only ate made conscious of thoir position. Ood has noted sovcrcigcly in tho bestowal of hie gifts naturally. Look around and bekold the diversity ia stature, rank, and intelligence; one is born a poot, one a mechanic, while another is not possessed of sufliciont skill to (ill eithor position. He has also been pleased to chooBO some and mako them feol their position as having erred and deserving of eternal condemnation. "Ho shall con vince tho world of sin.." The word world is here meant in a qualihea senso, lor irnriBc plainly eaid that tbo world know Him not ; and again Ho said that He prayed not for the world. It is written "Ho so loved the world that IIo gave His only begotten son." If the world at largo is intended hero, thon all tho world were redeemed by Qim, which we are aware iscontrary to faot. Thousands that make a profession imagine that by lipsorvice simply they worship God, not understanding that passage, " God io a spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him in spirit and ingfcruth."gNo doubt many of the Lord's people have been accustomed to use the prayor-book, but when tho soul is convinced of sin and mads awaro of his ruined state and helpless condition the mcro prayer-book will not suffice. No ; ho cries for mercy— he is anxious to know if Christ atonod for his sins, as he feels he must be banished fur ovor from Christ's presence unless included in that number for whom J osub died. Re pentance is tho grace of the spirit of God. "A man can receive nothing unless it be given him from Heaven." Prayer has nothing to do with the procuring of salva tion. Prayer is tho spirit of grace and sup plication being poured upon the soul. The soul may not bo able to utter words. " The Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered." At the John Knox Church Mr. Davison preached from tho words, " Ho must in crease. " The whole world is to be filled with the glory of tho Lord ; and all the pro phesies of David, Daniel, and Isaiah pointed to tho universal reign of Christ. Ever since John ceased preaching, Christianity bad ex tended mightily ; therefore onr Lord waa mistaken when Ho dcolared that after His resurrection tho reign of the Devil would be established ; and Paul waa equally mistaken in making a similar declaration. Out of the darkness of Calvary was born tho Christian Church, and might it not bo that out of the darkness of the present timo would proceed the illumination of the whole world ; for one of the moat striking characteristics of modern Christianity was Hb largo-hearted benevo lence, as was shown in the multiplication of hospitals, tho establishment of missionary and" Bible societies, and of Sunday schools. Never was there so mnoh vice and misery, ignorance and wrotohedness, as are to be found in all Christian countries ; and how satisfactory it is to know that theso Christian agencies have been set in operation to miti gate a few of tho evils. The Rev. J. F. Cerbett preached yester day in St. Mary's, East St. Kilda, on the " Commemoration of All Souls." Tho text chosen was as follows : — It is a good and a wholesome thought to pray for the dead that they may be loosed from their bonds. To-day from beneath rises up a wail to heaven, but not of despair. It ia tho cry of those on whom God has laid His chastening hand, whose release though deferred for a timo, is not uncertain. Their names are written in the Book of Life. Yet they must remain in prison until the lastfarthing is paid. I speak of the suffering souls in purgatory, for whom the special prayers of the Universal Church is on this day invoked. ThiR doctrine of the "Catholio Faith formed part of the belief of the Jewish nation under tho old law. It was bo when our blessed Lord ap peared on earth. "We aro familiar with tho various occasions on whioh the Pharisees were reproved by Him for their superstitious observances, their ampty ceremonieB, and their hypocrisy, but not ono word of censure do we find (jiven them for their faith and thoir ...praotice on this point. That it was a Jewish practice in the days of our Lord to pray for the dead there remains not a doubt. It comes to us then with the zeal and approbation of divinity itself, and were further proofs wanted we have them in the writings of the early fathers of the church. Tertullian, writing noarly seventeen hundred years ago, observes, "Sho that Is a widow among yog, and negleots on one day in the year at least, to havo the holy sacrifice offered for the soul of her departed husband, may look on herself as if divoroed from him." The great St. Augustine later on, Bays, "You may make a splendid funeral ceremony, or raiso up monu ments to tho departed, but the greatest oharity iB to pray for them." And again, on commenting on tho sin against the Holy Ghost, whioh Bhall not bo forgiven in this world or in tho world to come, "Surely," he says, " these words would never havo been spoken had there not heeu some Bins whioh would be forgiven in the next world, even though they had nnt been forgiven in this." The words of his own mother, that great example of piety, when dying were, "Put this body whore you will, but let me be remembered daily at your offering up of the holy sacrifice of the mass," Thero are souls, who by God's grace, have preserved their innocence and piety without any stain of mortal sin, others by the same aid, have by suffering or voluntary pepauoo, satisfied God's justice for the temporal punishment due for the sins of their past life. Theso are recoived immediately into overlasting bliss, jest as in like manner there are others who at once entor into overlasting torment. But God is a_God of justice, and does not visit all sins with the same punish ment. Take tho ease of two men who may havo perhapB preserved their innocence ap to the ago of ton years. They live for forty years after. One endeavors to live accord ing to the .precepts of the Gospel, and iu obedience to the low of Christ's church, with ocoqsional failings through inadvertence, or tho infirmities of human nature. Thoothor plunges boldly into sin, allows himself to be seduced by temptation or ovil example, and dies as he lived without God. Shall it be said f that both merit equal blame, and deeorvo a similar punishment? True, tho least sin is hateful to God, and on this account the temporal punishment duo to venial sins, to idle words, or a lack of charity, though perhaps causing harm to no one bnt the doer, has to be punished in a middle state before the soul is made pure, and in a fit state to enter heavou. This then is God's law in dealing with the ehildren of men. When for Christ's sake Ho forgives sin and absolves the sinner from its guilt, and the eternal punishmont which was its due, He yet resarves some smaller punish ments, to be undergone either in this life or the next. And when souls are said to bo purified by the sufferings of purgatory, it is not meant that they are thus cleansed from the guilt of their sins, but only that they are paying this debt of pnnishment, for no mere snffenng can over tako away sin ; true con trition and change of heart alone can offeot this through tbo merits of Jesus Christ. No Bin is forgiven without repentance, those souls then who leave this lifo with venial Bins un- repented of, obtain the remission of the guilt of them by the first aot of contrition and lovo whioh they make on their separation from the body ; but since that aot is the effect of the pure bounty of Gad, and is not performed in a state of probation, it ie just that thoy should suffer for their neglect in not repentiug before death. What is tho link that binds us to the memory of the de parted. Too frequently it is the pleasures or the inconveniences whioh thoir loss has caused us. Lot us not forget that our prayers, our almB,. and our oharity may bo the meauB of loosing them from their pains. What those Bufferings are we know not though- St. Thomas, of Aquin, says that thov are of the same kind as those which are suffered by tho lost. The Cburch to-day sockB to bring this truth before the mindB of her children as a great reality. Mr. Greenfield preaohed yesterday after noon from the words of Solomon, " Man hath no pre-ominonco above a beast ;" with a view to show that human beings have not immortal sonla ; and that eternal hfo is the gift of tho Father through His Son at tho second coming. For that life is " hid with Christ in God." Tho word "Immortal occurs only once in the Holy Soriptures, in tho Epistle of Paul to Timothy, and then it is mentioned as ono of tho attributes of God alone ; while in the same epistlo we aro clearly and distinctly told that Christ p&y; hath immortality;" and elsewhere it is declared with a like cxplioitness and force that "he that hath not the Son of God hath not life j " and it was the pathetic re- monstranco which Christ addressed to His hearers, that they would not come to Him that they might hove life. All those who will not receive Him at tho Eccond coming will go into everlasting death — into per dition : that is to say, thoy will perish or be come extinct. This extinction, indeed, awaits tho whole human race ot the last day ; but tho Most High in His infinite goodness and morcy promises eternal life to alt who will thon lake up their cross and follow Christ. By so doing thoy will escape this great condemnation — this abolition of their existence aa individuals — and will pass from death unto life. The wages of ain is death, and all men have incurred this penalty by disobedience; but "tho gift of God is eternal lifo through Jesus Christ our Lord." Our human nature, which is incapable of entering upon a condition of spiritual existence, must be destroyed, and be replaced by the Bame mind which is in Christ, in order that we may come into subjection unto tho Father of spirits and live. Now this subjection is im possible to the carnal mind, and henoo it must be taken from us, iu order that wo may ctcapc that destination which is threatened to the workers of iniquity. 