LECIUBE AT KADINA. On Monday, Jane 30, the Very Rev. Dean Russell delivered a lecture in the Oddfellows' Hall, Kadina, entitled " Ghost Stories." Mr J. Ey, one of the Church Wardens, occupied the Chair, and there was a fail1 atteudance— from 150 to 200 persons. Proceedings .were commenced by a pianoforte duet brilliantly rendered by two ladies, of the congregation. The Chairman then introduced the lecturer to his audience, remarking that the proceeds of the lecture were to be devoted to the fund for building a new Church parsonage. The congregation were striving to do this, which was rather a strong undertaking for them and the Dean had kindly agreed to help them by giving his lecture. The Dean commenced bv remarking that although gbost stories had been laughed- at in this age which prides itself in its enlight ment, they were more numerous thau ever. And even the very boldest disbelievers in ghostly appearances were liable to appre hension of a supernatural character. , People who laughed at tbe theory when spoken of in broad daylight were too nervous to speak of it at midnight. Scientific men talked of apparitions as b§ing optical allusions, or natu ral jnagic described by Sir David Brewster as disease of the optics. There was recently a society formed in Cambridge to inquire into the subject of apparitions, and the .fact of tbe existence of such a society was evi dence that the matter was deemed worthy oi scientific inquiry. The result of the proceed ings instituted was that there was some evi dence respecting apparitions when death was near, but none reliable as to any other. Be intended to give a fen. not frightfa.1 ones, of the different descriptions of ghost stories. First and foremost were the stories of haunted houses. South Australia was not old enough to have haunted houses, or indeed ghosts—certainly Kadina was not. After giving one or two apparently authenti cated ghost stories—notably that of the Wesley family, he proceeded to notice tbe claims of the spiritualists. No doubt they had given puerile and absurd messages as from the sky. But the stories told of their proceedings were, to say tbe least, remarkable. His own opinion was that the commu^ipa tious received were merely sorry and meagre as coming from a spiritual world. Mesmerists and clairvoyists, wizards, and others, who claimed ho supernatural powers,^did and said more wonderful things"; spiritu alists in exculpation, said th^t there were lying spirits, and good spirits. This was his view ; and he would next Dote the premonitory warnings that it had been said had been given of deaths that had I actually taken place. Of these, wonderful [ stories had been told, some of which the j lecturer detailed. (Hear the lecturer paused | and a song was given by a gentleman belong | ing to the congregation worshipping at the I Church, and also a selection of popular airs I by a lady. These? were much applauded and ) then a song was given by a lady, which com j manded much admiration.) The lecture was i resumed by some particulars being given of | presentiments not of actual death, but of re 1 markable events and apparent dualities. Then I there were prophetic intimations. And also j there were brighter.and happier stories which i told of remarkable warnings that were instru mental in saving life. Of this character were dreams. The lecturer concluded by remark ing that even if it were believed that incidents did occur through supernatural means, there was no reason for dread or alarm in this. If there were ghosts, premonitory warnings, or appearances no one should feel affright at this. A clear conscience and a firm trust in the Al j mighty were tbe surest armor against visitors ] of a mysterious and physically unaccountable j description. At the conclusion of the lecture j considerable applause was manifested, and ! then a song was rendered by a gentleman i present to a pianoforte accompaniment. This j was encored and another substituted, and I then Mr W. Harris proposed a vote of thanks ! to the Lecturer, which was carried by aocla i mation. The compliment was acknowledged j and proceedings were brought to a clo^e by j the National Anthem being played. -i - 