TALES AND SKETCHES. KIORANA. A TALE OF THE MAORI WAR. CHAPTER XVI. My six weeks leave of absence glided by like a pleasant dream. Rosa Hinton was my constant companion. Wo lmd many a talk together as we roamed through tho valleys surrounding the farm, explored tho upland ranges, or sauntered about tho orchard and paddocks near at home. I told her of my past, of my connection with tho Defence Force, of my adventures with Kiorana, keeping hack nothing of that story, having nothing whatever to conceal. Shall I confess it ? Idearly loved this girl, Rosa I mean, aud I believed tliat she had some regard for me. But as yet I had not found language to confess my affection. I had quite recovered from my wound, and had grown strong and hearty. My term of leave had expired above a week, and I was thinking of screwing up my courage to a high key, and learn ing my fate, when the position of affairs wasupset by the arrival of Maori Tim, who came in great haste with a brief note from Captain Mason. The note informed me that the general commanding, with a force of over a thousand men, had started overland for the Block Pah, the chief rallying point and bulwark of tho combined rebel tribes of the north and south. I was commanded to iide post haste at once across country and meet the force at the junction of tho Patea with the Wanganui River. " Be the powers, hut ye arc looking very nate and trim Mr. Harry; troth I wouldn't have known ye agin but for the regimental cap," uttered Tim, wiping the streaming perspiration from his dark; shining face. " An how are ye, avic, eh ! an what's in the letter?" " Where have you boen all this time, sir," said I, pretending to look angry. " Where have I been is it !" said Tim, in dignantly. " Faix, when I grow a man I'll murther that ouhl Farmer Hinton, an so I will." " What for, sirrah ?" "Why, for sending me away to Wanganui, and having me stuck in the gnard tent, an the black guards feeding me on cowld soup and praties. I sent for Bintley, and begged of him to get me out o' that, hut the villain only grinned an tould me that I'd have to stay there till I grew white. What do yo think o' that, eh ! Musha, but I'll pay Bentley back again for that same wid in- trest." " Who gave you this note ?" " The captain himself afore he started." " Started ! where to, boy ?" " Why, wid all the men to meet tho gineral." " Go into the Iioubc and get something to eat, then rub up my traps a bit, ami give my horse a feed; you'll find him and my things in the big stable. It only wanted about an hour to sundown, so I resolved to put off my departure until morn ing- . Passing by the front of the cottage I saw Rosa enter the garden with a book in her hand. Now or never, I muttered, as I drew in a long breath and shut my teeth hard. Rosa had taken a Beat under the branches of a kauri pine which her father had planted many years ago, and which stood there in its solitary grandeur. I walked towards her unperceived, and touched her on the shoulder. " Oh dear, Mr. Marlowe ! how you frightened me." Then stopping suddenly as she saw my gravo face, she added quickly, " What's the matter, you are ill again ?" " Nay, not so Miss Hinton, yet woro it not sinful, I could almost wish that I was again ill and helpless, for the sake of being near you, and having you to nurse me into health again. I have sought you at this moment to express my thanks for all your kindness towards mo during my lato helpless state." Rosa's eyes opened to their widest extent in astonishment. " I have come to say good- bye, Miss Ilinton. I — I am summoned hence to joiu my comrados on the Patea." Tho moment I blurted out the words tho color left poor Rosa's face, and her fingers clutched tightly at the hack of the garden seat for support. Her face and her attitude had a story to tell, as well as I had mine, and in a moment I had it told. I called her Rosa, my darling Rosa, and boldly asked that some day, when this cruel strife was past, she would con sent to he my own dear little wife. We stood there in the dim twilight under the foliage of the tall kauri tree like images of marble. Rosa's little soft hand was clasped iu mine, while far dowu in tho depths of those glistening eyes, lookiug into mine own, I read tho true and trusting heart that through cloud or sunshine, calm or storm, was mine, and mine only, for ever. Tho sun's golden beams were just tipping the lofty apex of Tapeba when I stood ready hooted and spurred for the road, and ouly waited for Tim to bring round the horses from the stables. As I stood at the gate admiring the beauty of the morning, Rosa issued from the cottage. Her face was grave, hut I saw. a bright smile come over it as I took her hand in mine. "Good bye, Rosa, darling." "Good bye, Harry. Heaven bless you, and keep you from danger." My right arm was round Rosa's waiBt, and my moustache in close proximity to her lips, when that villain, Tim, suddenly popped round the corner with the horses. He stopped short on seeing the affcctiug tableau, and muttered loudly : " 0 ! he tho holy. Och murder, did yez ever see the likes o'that? No whonder yez couldn't drag him trom the place wid half tho elephants in Indgia. Faix I'm but a blind spalpeen after that. More power to ye, avic ! Troth it isn't pvery gossoon .can do the Iiko o' that every morning afore breakfast." " Are the horscB ready, boy ? " "Yes; here they are nodding their big skulls at yez an saying, as well as any bastes can say, ' top o' tho morning to yez, good people. Hope yez are happy, and so on.'" In less than an hour we were galloping through the bush towards the rendezvous mentioned by Captain Mson. Maori Tim was mounted on a stout cob lent to him by old Hinton. " How far is it to the place, boy ? " " On the Patea River is it? " " Yes." " Oh, about thirty miles or so. Are we going there?" " Yes ; we are going to join our fellows and General Cameron." " Arrah, why didn't yez tell me that aforo ? Sure we're come out o' the track a long way. I thought we were going back again to Wanganui." " I forgot all about it, Tim." " I don't wonder at that, after what I and the horses saw awhile ago." By nightfall I was standing shaking hands with old friends aronnd the large camp fire at tho rendezvous. "Arrah ! waken up out o' that, Master Mar. lowe, or by the inortial the army will lave yo behind. Csme, stir yourself, achora. Here's the gineral sint an head-a-long, or what d'yo call him, to know if yo wor come yet. Up wid yo, man alive, this minute." I opened my eyes from a long deep sleep wherein I had dreamed a pleasant dream of Hinton's farm and its inmates. The boy, Maori Tim, was standing over mo with a goodly-sized waddie, which lie was using rather freely ever my person in his eagerness to arouse me. " Wanst more I ask yez are ye going to get up out o' this?" urged Tim, with a forcible poke of the waddie. " How now. sir. What the dovil do von mean by thrusting that bludgeon into my ribs !" said I, starting up. " Thrusting is it, avic. Faix, ono may thrust and poke at ye wid a tint-pole afore they can make the lastc impression. Open yer eye an see the beautiful sun shining an yc, for, begorra, it is not every day ye see him in Maorilund." " What's the matter, boy?" "Matter. Shure breakfast has been ready waiting an ye this three hours. Bintley sent me a dozen times to awaken ye. But I might have as well called to the tree above ye there. Divil a word could I get out o' ye, but a giunt ana groan, an ' Och, Rosa, darling,' and so forth." "Hold your tongue, you infernal jabbering ape," I exclaimed angrily, and seizing a dry stick close at hand, I threw it with all my force at the grinning half-caste. Tim, ever on tho watch, sprang nimbly aside, the missile whizzed by him and struck Rodger Bentley, who hap pened to be in the line of fire, a rather awkward blow on tho head, making it sound again like a drum. " Hulloa— Confound it. Who threw that?" said Bentley, rubbing his skull and looking fiercely at Tim. "You're at your little games again, but I'll let you know that I'm no target for on imp like you and noor Rodger, under the impression that Tim had thrown the stick at him, immediately picked it up and chased the boy for dear life. The boy was as supple as a deer, and bounded off at once with the tall angry trooper at his heels. Sometimes Bentley would lift his nrms well up, and, with inflated cheeks and starting eye-halls, put on a tremendous spurt, anil get nearly within reicli of the unfortunate scamp. But Tim would stop short suddenly, and quickly bending himself almost double, the anticipating pursuer would be sent sprawling head over heels among the ferns. Luckily, for Tim, tho chaso ended iu rather a queer manner and in a way quite unexpected. A large Newfoundland dog, called Wallace, belonging to Captain Mason and tied up to a baggage-dray, on the commencement of the race began to bark and frisk about in great delight, and at length broke his chain, whereon ho bounded away after tho pedestrians, and Tim being leading man and a sort of common property for everyone to snarl aud growl at, the dog, with human instinct, thought he might as well have a bite out of him too ; thereupon, seizing the unlucky boy by tho hindor part of hiB trousers, und tho garmont being of panetraldo stuff, Wallaco made one playful tug, and left Maori Tint us bare behind as on unfledged sparrow. Tim sat down on the grass to hide his naked ness, nnd giued with a rueful countenance at the dog gambolling with tho most substantial part of his nether raiment, while Bentley, unable to stand, rolled among tho fcru roaring with laughter. " Bad luck to yer grate carcase, what did ye do that for!" said the boy, apostrophising Wallace. ' Would no other part o' my clothes plazo yer illigant taste but that ? Why didn't ye take the ould coat off me, or the leg o' mo trousers, or, or, begorra, anything but that? A nico pickle I'm in ; faix it seems to me that I'm fated to disregard dacency." A loud roar of laughter followed this sally ; as for ino my sides wore ready to crock. " Go to old Mullins. the regimental tailor, aud get him to give you a new seat, my lad," sug gested a little man of the 14th Regiment. " Faix, I've got a sate, master ; I only want soniothing to cover it wid," said the boy gravely. Another shout of laughter, which might have been heard half a mile away. Boor Tim looked right aud left at the giggling fellows round him, and selecting u tall thin man of tho Forest Hungers for the butt of his spleen, began — " Och, murther, hoys, jist look at the flagstaff there wid a head on his shoulders like a Maori water-gourd, au a mouth— oh, Copi !— like the door of a wahre. Let yez look at him, hoys — isn't he purty ? Faix when his mouth's open, he liasu't a grate dale of bis face to wash !" In a moment the whole tide of ridicule turned upon the unlucky Forest Rangor, whose mirth suddenly ceased. He got very red in tho face, and wanted to lay violent bauds upon poor Tim, hut the men of the Defence Force would by no means allow this, for the half-caste, although often cuffed for his impudence, was a great favo- rito with them all. By nine o'clock o.m., wo were cn route for Maugoka, a wild bleak tract of country ou the sea coast, one hundred and fifty miles north of New Plymouth, and on which was situated the chef d'auvre of the insurgent Maories. The force under the command of General Cameron numbered about 700 rank and file, consisting of a few companies of the Imperial troops, together with the Rangers and ourselves. Six mounted men, of whom I was ono, were placed upon tho General's staff during the expeditiou to act as ordorlic.s. It would be impossible for my humble quill to attempt to paint in words the grandeur aud magnificence of the country we passed through during our first day's march. The Lower Wai- kato is all very beautiful and romantic, but it is not to be compared to tho savago wildncss of mountain and forest, torrent and precipice of the west sea coast. At sundown wo halted under the Ice of Kocandi (mountain of tho sea), and set ubout preparing supper, which we all needed. Round tho camp fire wo partially forgot the severe journey of the day. Maori Tim and tho dog Wallaco seemed on quite a friendly footing again. The hoy, who woro an old pair of pants belonging to Bentley, was seated on a camp-pot turned upside down, white tho dog was squatted on his haunches besido hiin, ever and anon casting his big winking eyes on the lad iu a coaxing way for a morsel of his supper. " Now ye tunderiug hungry varmint, that's three peices yc'vo hail to my one, an yer asking for more," Baid Tiin, drawing his hand over the broad snout of Wallace, "an I suppose to-morrow if the humor is on ye, divil a rag ye'll lave ou my poor carcase." Wallaco wagged his bushy tail. "Ah faix that's the way wid ye. But there's no more supper, me boy. Look ! the pot is empty. Cast yer grate eye into it, achora, and see for yourself," and Tim caught up a round tin utensil and stuck it in a jauuty way on the broad skull of the dog. The brute nover moved, but rather seemed to enjoy the humor of the thing. " Arrah, how air ye this evening, Mr. Wallaco?" said Tim, rising from his seat and bowing with ineck politeness. " Hope I see you well. Musha, yo look a rale jintleman, only yo want an eyeglass an a stand-up collar. " Take the pot off the dog's head, you young scamp," said Bentley, trying to look serious. " What'U I do that for?" said Tim. "Shure there's many u fine dandy wid less sinse under his shining beaver than there is now in an undher that ould pot. Why shouldn't the dog have a hat?" " Take off the pot, sirrah, when you're told." " All right, Mr. Bentley. Wallace is not the first pup that has had the honor of sporting a tile." " What d'ye mean, boy, eh ?" said Rodger, reddenning. " Nothing, agra. Don't be after putting you r- sclf|ina pbilaloo about what I'm saying, bekase ye'll want all yer breath an something else in a day or so." " How, boy ?" " Wait till ye see Mangoka, that's how." In the dead of the nieht a eravo vet liuiulmt.ln incident happened, which caused no little confu sion for a short time. Maori Tiin, ever ready for mischief, and with that strong curiosity innate in all wild boys— and in tame ones too, for that matter— climbed up a tree, and fastened a stout blanket like a hammock, high up among tho thick foliage. Now, tho General's tent happened to be erected beneath this tree, and Tim's object, no douht, was to play the eaves-dropper and learn something respecting the meditated attack on tho Block pah. The occupants of tho tent were the General, Colonel Wadding, a stout grey, fierce-looking veteran, with only one eye and a terribly rough voice, fond of hock and horse- racing, and a Major Ball, belonging to the 14th Regiment. These three gentlemen were deep in I =- I the planB of the impending straggle, when the I blanket hammock of the half-caste gave way, and I down fell poor Tim plump on tho top of the tent, I bursting through it, and falling with a heavy I thud on tho cranium of tho rough colonel, which I mado that gentleman gasp for a moment liko one I who had suddenly got a sovoro fit of tho spasms. I " You iufornal imp of Beclzeobub, how camo I j on here?" thundered the old soldier hoarsoly, grasping Tim with unmorciful fingers and shaking him soundly. " Whcro the devil did you corao from, you — you — elfin you ? Eh ? Answer me." "If yo pla— plase— yer hon— honor— what made yez stick up yer tint right in an undher whcro I wor sleeping?" blurted out Tim, who did not scom the least affected by his awkward fan. ' "Good Heavens ! what a phenomenon, " ex claimed Major Ball, lifting his glass to his eye, and surveying the boy with a long stare. " Where the deuce did ho learn that rich brogue, I wonder. Why, ho is a natural curiosity. Whore did you drop from my lad !" " From Moonland, yer honor," answered Tim, readily. If Major Frederick Ball had had a red hot poker thrust suddenly within ail inch of his roman noso, he couldn't havo started back in greater surpriso than ho did at tlie bold answer of Maori Tim. " Moonland ! Humph. What part of Moon- land were you born in ?" asked tho Major, his glass falling from his eye in wonder. " Town ol Coinetstail, Droanilandshiro, yer honor," answered the boy quickly, with just the ghost of a smilo liovcring about his mouth. Colonel Wadding's solitary eye glared again with pent-up rage. " Call tho guard," he roared out. "We'll soon find a safo place for you, my Moonland joker." But the hot-tempered colonel of the fiOth Regiment hail no need to call tho guard— they were already round tho tent-door, wondering what on earth could bo tbo matter. " Here sergeant, take this Drcainlandshiro apo in charge ; get a stout rope, and tie liirn up to the tent-pole until morning. If that does not quiet biin, report to 111c accordingly. Tako hiin off. And, I say, sorgeant, send a couplo of men with a blanket to cover over this hole. By jovo, a rare joke, 'pon my lifo," and poor un lucky Tim was lod off between a filo of tho laughing guard aud fastened to tho tent-polo. Towards evening on the third day wo came in view of tho Maori stronghold. Tho pah, tho largest one ever erected in New Zealand, was situated on a gigantic rock covered with mosses and dwarf shrubs, the rear ovoilookingthosea. Between this high rock, upon which the fort was erected, and another of equal height, thero was a deep broad fissure, somo five hundred paces wide, overgrown with the most profuso foliage, so that the eye could not penotrate many yards below the tangled surface of the abyss. To the right gleamed a large swamp that Btretched its slimy sides up to tho very base of tho rock, while above that again '-loomed the wall of coast with tha white spray dashing over it into tho morass below. To the left tbe prospect seemed almost boundless, and through the purplo air wo could see distinctly tliobolil features of mountain above mountain, until, afar off, the lino of landscape melted into the faint rose tints of the clouds. Thin formidable place was situated about seventy miles from Wanganui in a north-westerly direc tion. There wero no settlors in the neighbor hood within a radius of thirty miles. A dilapi dated farm-house, known as M'Kenzio's, tho inmates of which had been murdered by tho Maories in 1858, stood about twenty-eight miles from tho pah eastward. This formed tho boundary lino of tho rebel territory, for ever since tbo burning of M'Kenzio's house, 110 Pakeha had ventured to cross tho forbidden xubicon without paying dearly for his temerity. Hinton's farm was twenty miles from M'Kenzie's old place, anil beyond Hinton's settlement, about thirty miles further east, stood two pretty largo stations, which I shall have to deal with by and by. No road, or even tho slightest track, leading to the pali was discernible, but tho Bomcwhnt opon country by which wo wore ap proaching led by a gentle slope right up to the subworks. There was a profound silence reigning over everything that made some of us suspect that our enemies, seeing our numbers, had grown faint-hearted and abandoned tbe place. General Cameron, selecting a position about half-a-milo to tbe right front of the dark towering stronghold, gave orders for a halt, and, accompanied by Colonel Wadding, Major Ball, and myself as orderly, approached within musket range of tho outer works to reconnoitre the Maori position. Tho placo we occupied was a small ledge of rock overlooking tho swamp. This was covered with scrub that screened us from the sharp eyes of tho rebels ; yet we got a tole rably good view inside tbo pab. Looking through Major Ball'8 field-glass, I was astonished at the magnitude of tbo fort, and can hero offorno farther description of it than by stating that every effort of tho celebrated chief Rewi, whose versatile genius filled the Waikato country with ono vast chain of pahs and ambuscades, had boen concantrateil.for years on this bleak solitary spot, where it now seemed tho Maori had resolved to fight out his great duel with the Pakeha. 