LADIES AT TILE CENTRAL TELE. ORAPI1 OFFICE. (From the Queen.) Since Government have undertaken the management of the telegraph service the public have occasionally beeon allowed i glimpse of the inner mystrierl of the Central Telegraph Otfice. But hitherto these more coups d' elil have beena from a passing visitor's point of view, or through the medium of a detailed, sciontific, semi-olfioial article in a newspaper or maguzine. Suppoe we plunge benacucth the surface far beyond the ken of the " caslal observer," taking care at the same time to divest our. selves of tbo rosy-hted spectacles of ollici. alisen-and conslder the daily life of the I telegraphists themselves. Any morning, at a few minutes before 9 o'clock, troops of girls-fair ndll da k, tall and short, pretty aind plain, with a sprinkliug of "unclaimed blessings" of more advanced age, and hero and thore a wife or a widow Smray he seen onterilg the gloomy portal of the Central Telegraph Olfice. Exactly as the hour strikes, those whose dulty it is to scud and receive messages take their respective instruments, thus releasing the drowsy, huavy-eyel, night clerks, who iustantly vanish, like ghosts at ceck-crow. Before ruiu. hIave passed all the fresh arrivals have setted to their work, though thoeoin comparatively little bhusiles dlone before 11 o'clock. About that 'tilu mes sages bcpgiu to'pour in thick anld fiat, the i,iase of the workinig outrumelts gradmially itlncreass from anl iclterliittunt leatter to iI contilnuous douniing dinl. Evernd arnon, abov the h tumult, may lie heard the voice of at clerk ill clirge issuing aimom direction or rulricnul, sob no, " U. L. aelling," or " D. w. waiting," or " Mliss Smith, why have you left your circuit?" etc, There are about iOW telegaphjsts employed at this or'-e d.'iy. of whom consderansly -more than te are of the gentler sexa. And yvet t e iet sahe w done anod wel done, too, u'.ooi the eh'. Hrowever anti-romo u's a :.rno tii uaa p^,otot and aO.5e S.Oinst -thbe ersiormin t snmen i-n phbice odlicesr ai it nt ceirtrai the " poverse that he" rind the scveia p--a, i- her weuld, not so re- .'i -ie hai, a.-mi?;. tfrm i?ta the savu1 s i toh tye tier.. the transfer of the tele c wps inrato the hands of the Government, r. Son.~samre mac e a tartling innovatio' vihriar r tthe arran-uments of his staff, ,whic iroxted mtc.h ciutnism, and not a little Ti was by annihilating the social dis. I tisot??, vuhch had hitherto been rigorously prr.ervi betwteen the sexes. In spite of the dee'?-or ns dismay of Mrs. Grundy, and t2e * You'l! se what will come of it" of hahitntua cuakers. Mr. Scudnmore persisted in carry- ing out his desge. The bold stroke seems on the whole to have been productive of more good than evil; at all events, the authorities say "the plan works well." Fiirting is, of course, strictly prohibited, though, indeed, the work is too incessant to admit of much impropriety of that kind, even I if the supervision were less strict than it is. Woo betide the unlucky wight whom the martinet of a superintendent catches ex changing unnecessary remarks with a fair neighbour, for the culprit is there and then condemned to night duty, and thus effectu ally provented from repeating the offence. When any event of public interest is in progress-such as the Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race, the Derby, eta--the excitement at Telegraph street rises to fever pitch. The deluge of messages, the noise, rushing to and fro, and general anxiety to get the work off with as little delay as possible, render the scene almost as exciting as a racecourse or hunting field. Surely, if all the ungallant, stiff-necked old fogies who still presist in the opinion that women are little better than incapable I inanities, created for no loftier purpose than " to suckle fools and chronicle small beer," could be admitted as spectators, and induced to remain from 9 a.m. till 8 p.m. in the principal gallery of the Central Telegraph Office on a Derby day, they would be for ever silenced, if not wholly converted from their mistaken notions. But the overwhelming honour, great as it may seem to any mddest little maiden in her teens, or even to a mere woman of mature years, of being admitted into Her Majesty's servieo. may be purchased too dearly. It is very injurious even to those of the strongest constitution, to toil eight hours daily in a noisy, overcrowded, badly ventilated room, with the close unremitting attention which is absolutely indispensable to avoid making mistakes. Now and then, however willing a clerk may be to do her work carefully and quickly, the over-taxed mind will wander to that long letter only half road, which is so temptingly near in her pocket, or the weary brain, confused with the perpetual din, will seek a moment's refreshment in recalling those tender words somebody whis pered last evening as they two, arm-in.arm, threaded their way through the crowded thoroughfares of the city. But should her attention wander an instant, a mistake is almost sure to be made. The omission of a word for instance, and then, relentless as fate, down comes a report, and two hours' extra duty without pay are imposed on the toiler. *This punishment, severe as it is, and strictly enforced, is as a rule patiently sub. mitted to. But the system generally, which has of late rapidly extended, of imposing extra duty for the most trifling offences is gradually, but none the less surely, arousing a strong ard defiant spirit of dissatisaction. Doubtless the authorities find it an economical means of defraying overtime expenses. But thointerests of the public would be far more conscientiously served by employing fresh relays of clerks and abolishing overtime altogether except on special occasions, when an unusual pressure of business makes a larger staff indispensable. 