V.—RELIGIOUS. CONSECRATION OF THE VERY REV. FATHER REYNOLDS AS ROMAN CATHOLIO BISHOP OF ADELAIDE The ceremony of consecrating the Very Rev. Father Reynolds, recently Administrator of the Diocese, as Roman [?] Bishop of Adelaide, took place at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, on Sunday, November 2. Fatterneynolds is greatty beloved by the members of his own Charon, and by his kindness and courtesy he has secured the retpeet and esteem of a wry large Bomber of i persons who era sot Reman Oathatioa. Mo doubt his elevation te the Shaige of the dtoecae will meet with very cmsoJ approval. Ho vu bjrn m Dnblia in 1834, and was educated in a Carmelite Convent neat diatcity. Sabseqaently h«|<pent two or three yean In the Bene dictine monastery ef LaMaee in tha Paps! j States; and from ths?os he went to Western Anstzalia, staying there about two j yean, and then coming on to Sooth Australia | in 1857. He was ordained la thisoolonyby Bishop Qeaghflgan in AprfL Iw80; and daring his r-sWenc* here FaCbcr BoynaMs has been statiotted at Wallaroo, Morphstt Vale, and (iawlar. He was living at the latter place whtn be was appointed, en tha daath of Bishop Kheii, Adminisirator of the Diocese, The ennreeration of a Bishop being a novelty in Ade laide, it is not rurpristag that oonsUenbh fa. twrest was excited tons; before the event took plus, and that the interest was inteaaiaed as the day approached, and as dignitaries ef die Homu Catholic Church, including the Arah- Ushop (Dr. Tolding) arrived to take part in the ceremony. Under die oirsamataaoss it was ).ut natorsl to suppose that tha aarviso would ho, as it was, very largely attended, for it was knawa that on tbis oaeaaion die imposing ritual of the Boman Catholis Church would be seen in all ita grandeur; and certainly snob a epeotoole was never before witnessed in Adelaide, fltf Cathedral had been improved in various partioulais, and amongst them die roof of the ehansnl had been coined bine, relieved by gold stars. Tha arrangements were perfect, Arehdeaeon Bnaaril nncl Father Kehoe acting as Masters of the Ceremonies PanstusUy at 10 o'clock the procession into the cburch began. First «sme the sanctuary boys, preceded by the Crass; then the acolytes, followed by the priests of thediooase, Fathers Hughes, O'Oonner, Kennedy, QtrfnUn, Bon. rafrts. Van der Hoyden, Moore, Sullivan, Mo loske*. PaUuuber, a>d Hager. Next in cnier were the Bufaops, with their Chaplain, as fjllow:-The Bishop of Sobart Town (Dr. Murphy), rihmjA^m l Dr. O'Connor; die?uhep r:f B&thunt; (Dr. Quism), Ohapbin, Fattier Oorooran; the Btabap of Uattland (Dr. Murray), Chaplain, Father Burke; and the EUhop Elect of Adelaide (Father Reynolds), Cheplain, Very Bey. Fatter Tappeiner. I«ai cumu the Archbishop (Dr. Folding) with his rb?plains, Father CaUatU, and Very Bey. Futher strale Snperior at HevenhM College}. The Aruhhishop, who, although an octogenarian, w?B try etfnetive in his important part of the service, wore a blank cassock with the naoal sooorai.anitnents, the Bishops of TTshsrt Town r>ml bathurt wore copes and mitres, bat tbe Bishop of ataitland, not having direotly to assist in the consecration, appealed in the ordiairy Bishop's dress of purple. Father jUyoolds had a oope, bat in the plaos of a mitre he wore a bfretom. The Arcbbisbop on afOi rising the throne «as robed by Father liolletti in the rich GotkU vestaaonts of his c(ns«, the ahsanfal* being extremely handsome, as vrre also, in a minor degree, the chasnblei r.r the other prelates. The ceremony; of cunsecmtion, which of crane was entirely in L&tin;, was then proceeded with. Tbe Bishop Elect was conducted by the two aitietant Bishops before the Arcabiahop, the • snsecrator, wbo occupied a ssait in front of tl>e tlt«r; and tbe Bishop of Hobart Town, ttJiirnnini the Oonsearator, said — "Most rpve.endFaAher—Oar Holy Mother, the O*tholie (;hai\\.h, reqairei that yon raise this ftisat bare lireaent to the eturg" of die Xpisoopate." Tac Uonpeerator—"Have yoa die apoatoUe mta. •)?tt ?' The Bbhop of Hobart Town—" We have." The Oomeerator—" I«t it be read." The Very fcev. fatter Byrne, Otmaeerator's notary, than read the mandate; and sobae- j qcent!j the Bishop Hetrt, kneeling before the «'oD«eoraior, read the oath of spfaitnal fealty i bul obbdUcee. Then the Consecrater, holding I with both his han^s thc-fank of the Gospels open on his knees, with Its lower msigin to w&'d> the Bishop Ekot, rimiiiis?frad tke oath, wb<ch being done, the Oonaoaralor ssid— " T jacks be to God." After this tin Utter read < utitietly, and the utjatavt BMbstsj U a lew Toioe, the f oUo«ingexamination,all three wearing tbeir mi;rc* :—TheOonse.rator—"The anoient discipline of the Holy Fathers teaches and etj.ins that he who ia clestedto the order of (he Kpisoopate be first most diligently examined with all oharitj <m Ue doetriM of the Holy •7\ utty, and be iatenagated on di«arss eauaaa, au t ooudaot coiiformable te this dignity, and nf-oewaiy t? be kept aeeordi?g to the saying ~f (he Apestle. 'L?v hawds «n to one q«iok)j.' Both that ba who is to be ordained be itslrtottd how Ml oouttt?tad udar this authority ought to converse in the Church of Ood, and that those who lay on him their stands for his ordination may he blameless. By the wu authority and command, then, dearly beloved brother, with sincere oharitj, we ask of you if you will, as far at your nature is capable, bend all your understanding to the meaning of the Divine Scripture?" The Bishop Shot—"l will in all things so conform to it, and obey it" The Oonseerator—" Will you, fay bath word aad example, teach the people foe wham you an to be ordained what ytra udentaatd from the Divine Scriptures — —The Bishop Blest—"l will." The Conse crator —" Will you reverently receive, tea*, and keep the traditions of the Orthodox Fathers, and the decretal eonstitu tlo?S of the Hoi; Apostolic See?" The?Uhap Elect-" I wilL" The Conseentor—" Will yon show fidelity, (abjection, and obedience to Messed Peter the Apostle, to whom God hat given the power of binding and of loosing, mod to Hk Visar Pope Ku IX., and Hk raoeeMon, the Roman Pontiffs, according to their canonical authority T The Bishop Kleot—•• I will." The Oonsecrator—" Will yon, to the nfasoat of your power, br the help of the Lord, reitrain yaur eondnot from all evil, aad torn It to all good r "Ilia Bishop Elect—"l wOL" TheiOon senator—•• Will yon, with the help of God. observe, keep, and teach, chastity and sobriety?" The Buhep Elect—"l wSL" The Oonseerator —"Will yoa be alwmyi employed in divine things, and disentangled from earthly bual nen or filthy laere, a* far as human frailty wUI allow T The Bishop Beet-" I will." The Oomeontor—" Will yon, in your own person, observe hamility and patience, and in like manner teach othen V The Bishop Elect —" I will." The Connerator—" Will you, for the name of the Lord, be affable and com passionate to the poor, to strangers, and to all in need V The Bishop Heet-" I will." The Consecrator—"Do yon believe, aocording to your understanding, and the capacity ef your reason, in the Holy Trinity, Father. Son, and UolyOhmt, one trod Almighty, and the whole Godhead In the Holy Trinity, eo enentisl, eon- substantial, co-eternal, and oo oourpofeent, of one will, power, and majesty, the Creator of all creatures, from whom, by when, aaa in whom, aad all thing* which are in Heaven and on earth, visible and invisible, corporal aad spiritual f The Buhop tlfct— "I agree, aad ao I believe." The Con seorm-or —" Do yon believe that each tingle person in the Holy Trinity ia the oce G«6% truly, fully, and perfectly V The Bishop Beet—"l beUeve." The Oonse erator—" Bo yon believe that the very Son o' God, the Word of God. eternally bom of the Father, eon-aohstential, co-omnipotent, as.l co-eqnal in all respects to the Father In Di vinity, born in time by the Holy Gtao*t ef Mary, ever Virgin, with a rational atal, having two births-one of the Father, eternal, the ether of His Mother, temporal, traejQod, and true man, not adoptive nor seeming, bat the only one Son ef Uo4 in two, and of two nature*, bat. n the aingalaiity of one pertoo, impatiibl? and im awrtal by his bat who suffered f. r as and feronr talntionm Hu humanity by a true passion in the Arab, was baled, and risug afsin from the itti en the third day, by a true reaarreotim of the flesh; on the fortieth day after His retarreeiion, B the fleth with which He rose again, and His soul. He ascended to heaven, and «t? at the right hand of tie Father; that He will Come thence to jaJge the living and the dead, and will tender to ever) one aooordicr to his works, whether they be good or evil?" The Buhop Fleet ** I agree, and so I believe in all particnUm." The Ooasearator-" Do yon believe als? that the Holy Ghost is folly, perfectly, and truly God, proceeding from the Father, and the Son, 00-eqoal and 00-eesenttal, eo-omnipotent'and co eternal in every retpeet with the Father and the SonT' The Bishop Elect—"l belfeve.* 1 The Oonseerator—"Do jm believe that this Holy Trinity is not three God% bat one Ood, almighty, eternal, invisible, and inehaage> •Mer The Bishop Meet—" I believe." The Ooueerator—"Do you believe that the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church is the one true Church, in which if given the one trne bantiam, and tnu remisaion of all aiiu?" The Bishop fleet—•• I believe." The Oeaseerator— ** Do you aleo ?«i**ln?m«?w every heresy lifting np iguott the Hoi; OathoUc Church r The bishop telect-"! anathematise it" The Conseerator—" De you betters also in • tro* resurrection of the amme ■mm wi-h which yon we bow clotlud, and erer lastinglife?' The Bishop Bleat—"l believe." TheOonseemtor—"Do you. believe also that the New aad Old Testament*, the Law and Prophets aad Apostles oame from the one Ood and Lord Almighty ?" The BUhop Elect—" I heHeva." The Ooaeecraior—" May this your faith, dearly beloved brother in Christ, be increased ta tme and eternal hapnuera." The BUhop Sleet wmi then led to the Conae eratot, whose hand he kiswd, whereupon the Utter, layiug aside his mitre, began tbe cm nteor, the mw being proceeded with as far as the laat Terse of the sequence. In "the mean time the Assistant Bishops led the Bithop Elect to hii own chapel, where he laid ariie the cope, and was Tested with die sandals, pectoral •roam, tuio, dalmatic, chaiuMe, and maniple, aad, gcingi to bis own altar, read the mam down to the tame point aa the Conn orator, who, when that was reached, informed the BUhop Bert that "it U the offioe of a Bishop to judge, interpret, eonseciaie, oidaia. offer ■aeriSae, baptise, and confirm ;" and then, turning to the congregation, said—"Let ut fray, dearly beloved brethren, that the good ness of Alaughty Ood, watchful for the good of Hb Ohireh, may grant to this Eleot the riches of His grace." The litany of the Saint, was then swg, aad at its close the Bishop Bleat knelt before the Gonseorator, who, with the Assistant Bishops, laid the bsofc of the Goepels open on the neafcaad shoulders of the Bishop fcleot, whose heal was then tonehed by the prolate*, sod the words aVered " eoeive the Holy Ghost," after which the Oonseotator aaid, "MereiruUyraoeiveonrsupplicatioas, O Lord! and inclining over this Thy servant, the horn of priestly grace, poor out upon him the virtue of Thy blessing, through Jem. Oh-tat our Lord." Another prayer having been offered, Father tialet&DMud; with a napkin the head of the Bishop Meet, and after the hymn "Veni Creator" h«d teen sung, the Oonseorator. with the holy chrism, formed the sign oftheerosa over the whole crown of the head of the?uhep Elect, aad aoointieg him, said:—" May this, v Lord, flow puntesoaly en his head; may it descend throogh the very extremities of his fame, that the virtseof Thy spirit may both £11 Us interior and surround his exterior. Hay constancy of faith, parity of love, sin cerity of peace abeand in him. May his feet, by Thy grace, bebeao?fnl to preach the gospel of pease, to manifest Thy goodness. Give him, O Lord, the ministry of reconciliation in word and deed, in the virtue of signs and word*. May his discourse and preaching be not in the penaacive word* of human wisdom, but in the showing forth of the spirit and virtue. Give him, O Lord, the keys of the kingdom of heaven, that he may use and not glory in the power which Thou bestowest for edification, not far destruction. Hay what ever he shall Hod on earth be bound also in Heaven; aad whatever he shall loose on earth be ' loosed also in Heaven. May his sins be retained whose sins he shall retain ; and his be for given whose he shall forgive. May he be filled with blessings whom he shall bless. May he be a faithful aad prudent servant whom Thou, O Lord, mayest plaos over Thy family, that he may giva them food in due mison, and show every man perfect. May he be diligent in care folnesa, fervent in spirit May he hate pride, love humility aad tenth, aad never abandon it, i overcome by praise or fear. May he not set np light for daikaess, nor darkness for light. afa T he not any that evil is good, or good is evil May he be debtor to the wise aad the unwise, that he may gather fruit from the maturity ot all. Grant him. O Larrt. the episcopal throne, te role Thy Church aad the people committed to him. Be Thou his authority, his power, hia bulwark, f Multiply over him Thy blearing + aad favor, that through Thy bounty he maybe ever fitted for imploring Thy mercy, and by Thy grace be ever devout. Through Jestu i Christ our Lord." The hands of the Bishop 1 Elect were then anointed, and m pastoral eroaiar aad a ring presented to him, both prior to presentation being sprinkled with holy water. AiiertheaaoerenoDies the Oonsecrator and the Assistant Bishops gave to the Conae erated the kiss of peace, aaying "Peace be to you," to which, he answered "and with year spirit.'' The Consecrated afterwards offered to the Oonaeerator two lighted torches, two leave*, and two Barrels of wiao. aad kissed hi. hand as he accepted them. They then went to the same altar and proceeded together fat the men, there being only one Host aad one ehaliee for both. The Consecrated received the eommenion from the Consecntor standing. Subsequent to the Mam, a mitre and also gloves, both having previoualy been ble sed aad sprinkled with holy water, were presented to the Consecrated; after which he was ««*i"?>^ in the seat before the altar from which the Oonaeerator had risen. Turning to the altar he began the Te Dtum, and whilst that was being rang, the Consecrated was led by the Assistant Bichopa, mitred, through the chsrch, giving his Mess ing to all as he passed along. On return ing, prayers having teen said, the OowMrator aad the Assistant Bishops assumed their mitres, and turned toward! the epistle side, to which the Consecrated had gone, who, tuning towards the ConeccratoT, and kneeling, with his mitre sad pastoral staff, aaid, "For msny yean"— repeating the word* before the middle altar, and mgrnm at the feet of the Conseerslor. Basing his voioe each time. He then received the kin at pease from the Cansecrator, sod also from the Assistant Bishops, who oandnated him to his own Chapel, he the while repeating a, par tin of the Gospel of Bfc John, which the Cen searator, at the same time, was reading in a low voice at the altar. The Ooneccnter then pat off his sacred vestments at his throne, aad the ceremonial part of theeervioe was at ea end. Tbe Bishop of «.«rt«?d then ascended die pulpit and delivered a sermon from the text— \- Take heed to yourselves sad to aU the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishops to rule dte Church ot God whisfa he hath purchased with His, own blood."—Act* of the Apostles, chap, n., t. 28. WE3LRYAN DISTRICT MESTIHOS, aOCTHKKK DISTRICT. The first session of the abive meeting coir menoed on October 21, in the Piiie-street Lec ture-Ball, at 11a.m. On the roll being called, it was found thai the following mini ten were present: -The Ben. W. L. Sinks, Kent Town; to. Wilson, littlebampton, J. Bickford, Pirie ■treet; W. P. Well*, Prince Alfred College; T. Lloyd, North Adelaide ; G. tee. Mount Barker; C. W. I'ateheU, M.5.., GUbert-street; W. 3. Worth, Yankalilla; H. T. Burgess, Norwood; A. Bigg, Bfompton; T.Bdmeades, Wfflmnga; J. j T. Simpson, Strathalbyu ; J. Nicholson, Ola rendon ; J. Bead, Oomeracha ; and S. T. With ington, Port Adelaide. The foUowing ministers were reported as absent, the cause being given : —Hew. T. James ; J. AUen, Moolwa ; a T. Newman, Mount Gambier ; and?. G. Edwards, Port Lincoln. The CHAIBMAK referred to the small number of brethren present as compared with former yean, vicing from the division of the colony into two Districts. He mentioned with thankful ness the fact that death had not invaded their ranks here, thoafihin ihe adjoining colony they had Mntaioed anch losses, a ffectionate tribute wu paid to the memory ««f the late Rev. E. B. Burns. He then gave earnest word* of welcome to the Rev. Jaa. Bukford, who dming the year had arrived in the province from Victoria. It gave him special pleasure to see him as the first minister in the first Circuit in the colony, and he trusted that he would be spared ormurr years to labor happily and usefully in the cause of Methacism in this province. The question of ministerial fidelity wu answered satisfactorily; the Chairman expres sing the hope that this godly practice of watch ing over each other in love would ever continue in force, as ii had conduced largely to the purity of the ministerial ranks. He then requested j that the brethren would sanction his application to brcome a sunrrnumerary at the next Con ference it his health continued as uncertain ac it. had been durinc the past year. Hie felt unequal to do full work, and had very reluctantly pre sented ihia request. The Hers. Wells, Ri#g, Bukford, ud Burgess spoke in loving terms of the Chairman's labors, and drew attention to the fart that lib Circuit, by its cordial invitation to him to remain, had expressed perfect oontentment with and grateful appre ciation of his service*. Ultimately, on the motion of the Rev. A. Bigg, the following reaelutio? was passed :—" That Ihe Chairman having expressed a fear lest he should not be able to do the work of his o'reuit during the coining year ; yet at the earnest request of the brethren lie was willing to defer making any formal application to the ensoin? Conference to be eupemnnuated, in hop? that hi* health might be ao esUbluhel in the interim as to render such a step un necessary." The following resolution was moved by tha Eev. J. BICCFOBD, concerning the attendance at the Adelaide Conference of the Wesleyaa ministers in Western Australia :— "That the Conference ef 1873, in adopting % plan for the formation of Annual aad Qeueral Conferences for the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Connexion, hering included Wester j Australia in the South Australian Conference this District Meeting desires t9 send Christian Greeting to their brethren in that colony, and areby invites those of them who can convr nient'y do so to attend the Conference of 1874 in Adelaide." The Key. W. P. Wells w? in-trueted to pre pare a resolution of condolence with Mrs. Burrs In her bereavement. The statistical returns were presented, an 1 became a, fruitful subject of remark. They showed that there were in the Southern Dis trict—Churches, 103; ministers, 19; Sabbath school teachers, 913; scholars, 0,725; local preachers, 133; class-leaders, 201; baptisms, 380; full members, 2,605; on trial for member ship, 95. It was found that« large number of removal! from Southern Cireuia had caused a decrease in the District, but the meeting wu glad to learn that the increase in the Northern Dutrict more than compensated for the leases, the increase for the colony being 37 full mem bers. A* Circuit Stewards there were present to take part in the business of the Oautch Loan Fond Committee—Messrs. J. Colton, J.P., ani J. S. Greer. of Pirie- atreet; G. Shorney, Port Adelaide; W. Naslin, WUlunga; J. Oarr, H.P. Clarendon ;S. W. Parsons. Mount Barker; O Stephen! aad A. Catt, Strathalbyn; I*. Simpson, Clarendon; and W. Oaborn-i, Qoolwa, The Treasurer, Mr. Coltou, re ported that the fund had reached £1,300. Half that amount was declared availabie for the Southern District by a Committee formed in accordance with the following resolution: - "That a Chapel and Building Loan Fund Com mittee be appointed for South Australia, wlio dull divide ihe amount available for loan between the propo:ed diitricti on such prin ciples of distribution aa may seem to them moit likely to meet the requirement* of our Church, such Committee to consist of the Chairman of each District, together with t«o other niinUte.s and tkm> laymen t? be elected by eaoh District meeting." Application far loan* from various Chnmh trusts amounted to £1,975. The most pressing eases having been placed before the meeting in dear terms, resu'te t in the follow ing amount* being voted:—Pine-street Church, £230: Port Adelaide, £50 Queen* Own Town, £50; Sunning Hill, £50; Hoaghton, £50; Sel- Uek's Bill, £100 ; Callingtou, £100. The Pins street Church ease was one of special intere-t The District meeting was informed by Mr. Oolton that the trustee* had determined Co pay off £1,000 daring die next five yean, and the application wu made for a grant with that view. It was understood that £z59 would be granted next year also. The Financial District Meeting went into session with the addition of the following gen tlemen :—Messrs. G. W. Cotton (Pirie-street), E. H. Butler (Port Adelaide). W Rhodes (Kent Town), W. Chambers (Willunga). & schedule of all the new church properties was prepared and read by the fiev. J. Bickford, showing the amount of new erections and enlargements to be £6.495 i The Bey. H. T. Burgess read a general property schedule, defining the value of Church property at £92,304, and the debt on the property to be £21,713. The report of the Church Building and Loan Fund Oomsittee was submitted, and accepted on the motion of Mr. Can, K.P. Thanks were pused to the Bey. S. Knight for his Interest in sad labors for the Loan Fund; Mr. T. O. Waterhouse for his yearly gift of £109; and to trustees who had aontributed. The sale of several Church prop rties was approved. Mr. COLTON. the Treararer of the Home Mission and Church Extension Fund, reported the Income to be £1,100. The following amounts were granted from tVat portioa of the Fund allocated to the Southern District by the Committee appointed for that purpose, vis. —ttumeraeha, £45; Ooolwa, £50; Mount Barker. £35; Port Lincoln, £25; Yankalilla, £25; and Port Adelaide, £30. The subjoined resolution, moved by Mr. J. Coltok, and seconded by the Rev. T. Lloyd, was earned:—"That it be recommended to the ensuing Conference Co consider the advisability of establishing a fund for the purpose of bringing out oesationally miniatecs from Kagiand suitable for ear colonial work." It was also resilved "to leosmmend the Conference to consider whether it be net desirable for the badness of the Home Mission Fund and Lou Fond to be transacted at theOonferenee. >>and a.Committee of ministers and laymen was appointed to further consider the details of such a scheme prior to the meeting of the Conference. As representative of the District, the Rev. J. Bickford was chosen by the united voces of ministers and laymen. As the Key. O. W. Fatehell, M.A.. had retired tram the cdi onhip of the Waitya* Mmgaane daring the year, after a service of five yean in that capacity, a most hearty vote ot thanks was acoorded to him for hi. efficient mad aucsaufal labots during that period. A report of the Branch Provisional Theolo gical Instttuion, together with the eoune of study followed therein, was submitted by the President of Prince Alfred College, and ac cepted. It was resolved that the next Annul District i Meeting ahonld ba held on tha third Tuesday in ' October, 1874. NOBTHZBH DIBTBICX. The first meeting of the Northern Dirtrict Committee of the Wesleyan Church in South I Australia eammenoed its sessions in the Wes'-eyan Schoolroom, Gawler, on Tuesday i morning, Oetofaer 21. Then were present: - , The Bey. & Knight, of ??^Mm*%. Chairman of I the District, who presided; Ben. H. Hack, | Clan; R. &Oaaely;, Gtwler;olH.Goldamith, Kapnnda; J. B. Stephenaon, goaringa; J. Has lam, Auburn; A. Btubba, Kadina; P. O. Thomas, Antsaton: W. BL Kofe. Blinman; J. H. Trevotrow, Port Wakefieid; W. H. Pollard, Belalie; T. M. Bowe, Blinman; W. T. Garter, Troubridge ; B. Kelly, Tempters; and J. ! Langsford, Bronghton. The meeting having been opened with devotion, the Ber. K. a Oner/ mr"gr*t*ilnlmi ***•■ TTnigi.* npon his appointment totheofaairof the newh-formed District by the last Conference, and assured him of the esteem and confidence in which he was held by his brethren. These remarks were supported by other ministers, and endorsed by the ousimtrui vote of the mating. The Rev. 8. KHT4UD expressed hi* gratitude fcr the cordial reception given to him, and the kind things said concerning his appointment. He could not help reviewing the yean that bad rlipstid since his admission into the ministry, and thanking God that he atOl re tamed bis posi tion, and enjoyed tha eonfidenee of the Church. He relied upon (be sympathy and rapport of the meeting In the disehaige of his official Katies. A mhmJlant .^—^ th? m..i,™., n „. marked, wts east over thesa present by the re eent death of the Her. E. B. Boms, who had formerly resided in two circuits of the district, bat his friends had tbe satisfaction of be lieving that he «v now enjoying the reward of his labor. Be hoped that the year would be on« of great suscess, and that the grace and Uessina; of God would rest upon all the Churches. The returns showed an in crease in die membership in die District of 172, with US on trial. No deaths had oosurrad among the ministers -*riJnmd within the District, bat sXeotiomto tribute was paid to tbe memory of tike Bey. K. B. Bshu.ml | also of Hz. Armstrong, who was last year re orivcdas •??probationer, but died about two months ago in Adelaide. Mr. Mack was re quested to prepare a letter of condolence to Mrs. Barns in her bereavement. The examination of rninisteiial character and faithfulness was next made, and after this the snf ject of dividing certain circuits was discussed with the following result, viz., Gawler to be divided, the new Circuit to consist «f Tempters, Freeling, Sheaoak Log, and Wasley's, and to be cal ed Templet* and Freeling Circuit. Wal laroo—One Circuit to be called Moouta Circuit, and to iadnde Moonta, Moonta Mines, East Moonta, and Telta ; the other, lT.^m« Oir cait, to inclade KuUna, Wallaroo Mines, Wal laroo, New Town, and Pittenweec. An additional minister was asked for by several Circuits, and in the following cases Conference was recommended favorably to en tertain the application :—Gawlsr. the additional minister to remain at Templen; Kooringa; Auburn, to reside at Riverton; and Wallaroo, to reside at Moonta Mines. The question of eeenpation of new stations was discussed, but no recommendations to Conference were made. The returns from the Circuits of j the number of members were presented by I the Secretary, and discussed at length. Befe- ' rence was made to the inconvenience now felt in the aasettlement cf circuits and minister! during several months of the year, consequent upon the time when invitations are given to minister! by Circuits; and Conference was re quested to alter the regulation in this matter, so that henceforth the invitations be given by the December instead of the September Quarterly meeting. In addition to the ministers (here Were present, as representatives from various Circuits, Messrs. Hauderson and Clement, from Gawler; Mr. Chesson, from Freeling; Mr. Nock, from Kapunda; Messrs. Holmes and Nettle, from AnKaston; Mr. Ste phens, from Kooringa ; Messrs. Ninues, Id.th- Un, and D. Howard, from Auburn; Mr. Wicks, from Tronbridge; Mr. Baker, from Itelalie. Mr. Nook desired, on the part of the laymen of the Church, to congratulate the Rev. s. Knight oil his election to the chair, and he proposed a resolution to that effect, which was cordially seconded by Mr. Clement Mr. Knight expressed pleasure at meeting the lay gentlemen present, referred to the droonusances that had made the division of the District nccesstry, and gratefully acknowledged the vote cf congratulation. The state of the Church property in the District was reviewed, aad it was reported that there were 66 chapels, aad It in course of erection. There were eight parsonages. The entire cost of tile Ohnrah Buildings has been £43,217, aad of parsonages £5,394; total, £48,611. The present debt is £14,448. Ihe cnt of new eiectioas and enlargements has baen £1,748. The Chord Extension Fund mi distributed j among various Circuits which made application, j the claims of which were carefully « d at considerable length discussed, and the amount of £650 belonging to the Loan Fand was simi larly distiibutad. In bath cues the amount applied for was very modi in excess of the amount at the disposal of the Committee. The quesion cf dividing the above funds between the Northern and Southern Districts occupied \ttention f«r a considerable time, and even • toally the following resolution 3 were agreed i to:—"lst The letter of the Secretary of the 1 Southern District concerning the representa- ! j tion of the Districts in the Connexion J Com- | j ulittees having been considered, this meeting I respectfully requests the Conference to divide ! the colony iuto three Districts instead of two. ! The following ia suggested as a sui'able arrange ment of the Circuit* : —First—Pirie-street, Wil- j | lungs, Clarendon, Mount Bilker, Strathalbyn, Tankalilla, Mount Gambler, Pert Ciocaln, and Goolwau Second—Archer-street, Kent Town, Port Adelaide, Moonca, Kadina, Fort \V*ke field, and Troubridg?. Third—Gawier, Ka puuda, Aagtston, Kooringa, Clare, >übnru, Melrose, Blinman, BeUie, and Broughtjn. 2nd. That it is necessary to provide for a Central Committee to m*et before the Finan cial District Meetings, for the purpose of dividing the entire fond*of this colony between the several Districts ; tats meeting would recoai mendthatsuehOomuiittee consists of cheClair mia and representatives of Districts, with two Uy gentlemen from each District." A. plan for lay representation in Conference, which was recommended for consideration by a Committee appointed by the last Conference, was laid upon the table, and, after eomediscuj nion, was referred to the quarterly meetings of the Circuits, in order that they might have the opportunity of expressing an opinion. The question having been .-used as to the desira bility of Bending to England for additional minuter*, to be employed in 3oath Australia, it was resolved that it ia intxpelient at present to do so. The unsatisfactory state of the Educational Fond ni referred to, sod * resolution affirming the importance of maintaing the fond in fuU efficiency was unanimously carried. The Eev. B. P. Cabklt was appointed Mis sionary Secretary for the District. A billot was taken for members of the Connexions! Committees, and Messrs. Nock, J. Pearce, Paull. Clement, C. Drew, H. K. Hancock, J. K. Stephens, and Baker were ap pointed. It was resolved that ia the event of there be<ng no subdivision of the District*, the Oh??el Building Committee for the Northern District shall consist of the ministers aad circuit stewards of the Mooata and Ead<na, Thanks were presented to the Rev. S. Knight for the valuable aervioes rendered by him to the Church ia connection with the Loan Fnod. It w*? resolved that, in view of the low of members by removal, circuiv ba reeommen Jed to proenre printed removal registers with tripli cate forms—one to be given ta the numoer removing, one sent to the minister of the oirsait i to which he is removing, and the other retained | as a circuit record. It ni decided thai the District Meeting for 1874 be held at Kapuada, invitations having been received from that circuit and Kooringa. SUNDAY-SCHOOL TBAOHKRS' UNION. The first celebration in connection with the inauguration of the Eonth Australian Sunday-School Teachers* Union was held on [ Tuesday Oatober 28, in the Pirie street Wes (leyan Church, Tea and public meetings were ■ held, at each of which there was a laree at tendance. At the latter Mr. J. OoUobT J.P. (President), occupied the chair. He pointed out that the Committee had not been inactive in their operations for the advanc ment of the ejects of the Union. They had plased them. Selves in communication with other like insti tutions in America, London, Edinburgh, and Victoria, and although they had •at yet received replies from tike chief of these pUoes, a confident hope was felt that the action taken would be productive of much good. Diffisulties had been expe rienced in connection with the formation of an improvement or preparation class for teachers. The value of such a class had been fully recog nised, and the Committee were anxious to secure ia permanent establishment; but in consequence of the many engagements arranged by the Churches individually, the difficulty of fixing an evening had been experieaoed. The question of having uniform lessons had been rtisimssfrt. but a difficulty was felt in securing their introduction at present. In Amerioa it had been proposed to solve the difficulty by adjpting a uniform text or lesson throughout that land, Great Britain and Ireland, and the ojloniea. By that method something like six million teachers would be engaged on the same 1 wisons. and he believed the establishment of the uniform principle in such a way would tend greatly to the success and advancement of Sun diy-esaool work, There was no doubi Sunday school work throughout the world was exciting increiaed interest, and hs was pleased to see that the Churches had not been laok ing in this respect. Mr. L. Grayson (hon. Treasurer) read a very gratifying report, de tailing the steps taken in tile initiation of the Union, and the proceedings connected with Committee and general meetings which had beon held during the past twelvemonths, and which had been of a thoroughly progressive i sharacter. Interesting addresses were delivered by die fievs. O. W. PatcheU, James, PoOitt, aid Goodwin, and Messrs. J. Dar ling, & Whitmore, and Neil. Sympathy with tie Union and its objects, and confi dence in the good which would be effected , through ita instrumentality, were very cordially 1 expressed. The speakers impressed upon the teachers the importance of aiming at m?Hr,g the children spiritually-minded and concen trating their thoughts upon the lessons set before them. The importance was also urged lof the efforts of the teachers being supported [ fay the chOdmn's parents, who received great ; advantage from the Sunday-achool. The im- I portanw of Sunday-school work, in a social as well as a religions aspect, was likewise pressed \as a reason for earnest and thankful 00-opera tion on behalf of all. It vu resolved to > increase |the quorum at Committee meetings, to give permission tj go outride of the delegate roll for the purpose of securing officeis when desirable to do so, and to allow delegates to provide substitates. The meeting then closed in the customary manner. Sermons connected with the anniver sary of the •shook attached to the North Ade laide OongrogatioualOhurch ware preached on Sunday, October 19. brtbe?ers. Ju. Jeffsru (pasta), and ObM. tUnlhorpe, in the morning and evening respectively. An interesting ser vice was also held in the afternoon when the children assembled in the Church, end Me T. W. Hard, delivered an appropriate address, «nd«r?r?lBo?d*T-Mh«ol melodic* ?ere nmg. On Uonday evening a pnUiomeetmcwai held. pnald«doverbr?eT.lli.Jeffetu > whoaddreaed a few appropriate reraarki t? the pan&tiamd; ohOdren. He coogntnlsted the parents on the continued prosperity ot the ■ohoob, and stated that it was prapoaed to organiM what waa to be called til* Young Christian!* Union, into which would be admitted children of the school who, upon a. careful derisios ef the teaahen and So?erintoident, were pranoonoad to be really in earaaat,w>dwuhfiri to kadalifeof obedience toOhrut IfeTWFrort.Bop.rinteodentof tnepnwapaliekoo], reported that the number of chfldren ob the rofl was 400, the average attendance being 290. and the number of teacbeta and affioan 49. The finance, of bath ■chooU wen to ism ■atufaetnry state than Uwr kad anr ban previomalr, •wins; More par. Ocularly to the suoccm «f tiu Serviae* of Song which Ui* library had beeu able to bs lapleaulio J. | During tae yeir £150 ha I be=u nisei by the children toward* the funda of the tendon Mwsiouary Society. The Floral Society also gave ample evidence of vitality and vigor, and in other respects the year's operation! had been attended with marked prosperity. Reference was made to the proposed establishment of the Young Christians' Union, and a confident belief expressed that, ac a means of testing the spiritual results of thr teachers' labors, it would be a great snocesa. Mr. W. N. Pratt, Superin tendent at the Lower North Adelaide Sohoot, repented that it was in a healchy and pro gressive atite. The number of scholars on the roll wan 103, being an increase of 14 daring the year. The average attendance was A3, an! there were nine teachers, additions had been made to the library, and the various orginizi tiona connected with the sohoulo were in a more prosperous state than they had been at any previous period. The 3oa. R. A. Tariti>n de livered a brief and intaresting address. Daring the evening several melodies were admirably sung by the children. THE FLINDERS- STREET PEESBYTKRIAN CHURCH. The anniversary services in connection with the flinders-street Presbyterian Church were eommenoed on rJunday, October 26, when ser mons were preached by the Revs. W. P. Wells and James Lyall (pastor) in the morning and evening respectively. On Monday tea and publio meetings were held. On each occasion the attendance was large, and embraced many rapresrotatives from other Ohrisiiaa Churches, the proceedings having b en initiated with tinging, and a prayer being offered by the Key. W. Davidson (Wallaroo;, the pastor an nounoed that the Rev. J. Davidson would deliver a lecture on "The late Dr. Gnthrie," a subject fall of interest to them as a Church. Having referred to the recent death of the lat< Dr. Candlish, and to his regret wh<m he visited Scotland in not being able once more to linen to his voice, he spoke of ths labors con nected with bis ewn church, and said in a finan cial aspect they were in a sati-f aotiry condition. 4.s regarded their spiritual progress, he had rea son to hope that his ?bors had been blessed. The Sabbath'Sehoolfor ■ eglect-dchildren—under the superintendence of Mr. W. Berry (Oity Mi-, eioaarv) —wa* exercising much good. There were 60 or 70 children being taught who, he thought, would not otherwise fre cared for. The school associated with the Chorea was not in quite S3 suocesslul a condition, owing, doubtless, ti the establishment cf the branch school having taken several of the teachers away, and their places not being filled up. Its gar4isg bis prospective departure to Scotland he said he felt deeply grateful and indebted to the esngregation for the cordial sanction which th y had extended to him on his seeking a short redremementf rom ministerial labor, and It was g -aUfy ing to him to find so many testimo nies that his labor had foot been unmarked by good results. He was cheered by the kind a<l ready offers which had been tendered to him by CbristUn ministers to help him in •ustainiog the Oh iron, doting his absence, and thus far he felt it fear that his place would not be ably supplied. He hoped and con- GJentlr expected that they would keep together as a Oaurco, working cordially and harmoniously, and he crusted that on his return he rnlghl be permitted to labor with renewed vigor and greater success th >n hitherto. ( Vp plrnue.) The Bey. John TUvidson then com msnoed his lecture. Having referred to the approaching departure of Mr. Lyall, and expressed his assurance that ? full tribute ot affection would be flowing towards him wherever he might be, and a hope that he would he invigorated in health upon his return, be ■aid, respecting the ■object of his lecture, that his life and work were most powerful in oon nection with the religion and phi.anthropy of the present century. His sympathies were warm and hit intelligence wide. Referring to the inactivity of religious feeling in Scotland towards the dese of the past century, to the revival of evangelistic thought prosecuted by Robert and James Ualdane in the commence ment of the 19th c ntnry, he painted oat that it was in (he midst of these conflicting elements of thought that Guthrie was born—in 1803\. At an early period of bis life he mide up his mind to devote his talents and libora to the good of the Church, or to that Church with «hich he was connected; and, although he failed not to recognise the importance of co operating wi h others in Christian labor, he was a loyal devotee to the Church to which he was allied. In his early days he perceived clearly that while it was wdt to look after tbe spiritual welfare of the people, it was also essential that they should be tem porarily oared for, and, accordingly, he made himself acquainted with the principles jof medicine, in order that he might, is that respect, minister to the comfort of those whom he visitsd. He was one who felt constrained to mould his own mind rather than many people did, to allow their minds to be modified and moulded by circumstances. He was, at the same time, oODSoioas that he was bound to uae ail bis powers towards doing the greatest amount of good, and in matters of religion and philanthropy he identified himself in a manner which was characteristic tbro?ghout his cireer. He referred to his .opposition4o years ago to the alliance of Church with State, believing that it would be an un warrantable intrusion ; and to hit connection with the ragged sohools of E linburgh, where he set himself assiduously to «ork in reclaiming what previously had been a moral desolation. From 1850 to 1860 his labora were ciarao terised by an enthusiasm and sympathy whioh in Connection with his marvellous eloquence, stimulated and sustained an interest in any work he advocated. It waa mainly, however, at a philanthropist that he would be known. Tha lecturer remtrked upon his sagacity and broad empathies, an 4 quoted a number of aaeo dotaa oharaeteristia of his power of illustration and humor. Upon the motion of the Key. James Henderson, seconded by Mr. James Brown, a cordial vjte of thviks was accorded to the lecturer. The proceedings then closed in the customary manner. 