THE BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. The annual district meeting of the Bible Christians began in YouDg-street Chapel, Ade-: laide, on Wednesday, February 26. The_ devo tional services were conducted by the Chairman, the Kev. J. Ashton. The minister and repre sentatives from the various stations congratu late! each other as laborers together in the vineyard of Christ. On taking^ his seat the Chairman delivered a short but suitable address. The Kev. W. Kichards was unanimously elected Secretary, the Revs. T. Piper and 0. Tresise Assistant Secretaries and the Kev. J. Foster reporter to tho Press. Two young men—Walter Long and John A. Burns—recommended by their respective quar terly meetings, offered themselves for tho work of the ministry; and after answering the usual questions on. their conversion, Chris tian experience, and call, also being otherwise examined, they were cordially received as pro bationers. The presence of the Kev. Richard Kelley— recently from England—was recognised with a large amouut of satisfaction and pleasure, and a resolution welcoming him to thi3 new field of labor was heartily and unanimously passed. The fact that God, in His providence, had taken by death the Rev. Mr. Bandt, a young man of considerable promise, was recorded. It was felt that he had left the Church Militant and gone to the Church Triumphant. He has finished his work on earth, and is gone to his reward in Heaven. And_ while his departure was deeply felt, all were disposed to say, " The will of the Lord be done." In the evening the Chairman preached the District Sermon, selecting for his text Romans xv. 3—"Ftr even Christ pleased not Himself." The discourse was replete with weighty and' important t'.uths well adapted for the occasion. The character and work of the world's Re deemer, both in His divine and human nature, were dilated on |with considerable ability, and the willingness, cheerfulness, and resignation with which He accompli-hed.His mediatorial work forcibly described. Then the Saviour was presented as the Great Exemplar of the mini sters and members of His Church, and alE present were earnestly and affectionately urged to assimilate themselves to His character, to cultivate His spirit, to tread in H is steps, anil to follow Him to Heaven. The Lord's Supper was administered at the close of the public, service, when a deep solemn feeling pervaded the assembly. Second Day—'Thursday. Prayer was offered by tho Rev. J. Rock. A resolution expressive of the loss sustained in, the removal by death of sn valuable a minister. as Mr. R. O. Bandt was passed. The spiritual state of each station in the? district was reported upon, and after a lengthy discussion on mission labor, and the trials and! triumphs of Christian workeis, the following^ resolution was passed " That, in reviewing: the labors of the past year, we see much for thankfulness to God. Our prosperity has not been great, but it has been sufficient to inspire us with hopefulness. "We need a richer bap tism of the Holy Ghost on ourselves and on our Churches, and we pray for greater prosperity in. the future." The list of stations, as represented by the Committee, was read for the first time. An interchange of deputations in the colonies was considered desirable, as preparing the way for a closer union, and ultimately for an ex change of ministers at the annual District Meetings. In the evening a sermon was preached by the Rev. C. Tresise, subject—" Self- consecration to God." Text—Romans xii. 1. After remark ing that there are several stages or degrees in Christian experience, from the beginning of spiritual life to the elevated position of perfect i love, he dwelt at length on the nature and necessity of self-consecration to Christ and His cause. Time, talent, health, strength, wealth, and influence, in shcrb, all the powers of the body, mind, and soul, he said, should be given to Gotl, for the promotion of His glory and the benefit of humanity. This should be done, because belonging to God He has a perfect and indisputable right to do with man as . He pleases. Paul gave himself as a sacrifice to God, and Christiana now should do the same as ministers and mem bers of Christ's Church. This self-consecration might be difficult, but it must be done without hesitation and without reserve. _ The sacrifice must be a living one in contradistinciion to the Jewish sacrifices under the Mosaic dispensation, which had to be killed before being offered. It must also be holy and acceptable, presented with motives pure and disinterested. He then spoke on the mercies of God as an argument to induce men to personal dedication, referring to the various manifestations of God's love, es pecially in the sublime work of redemption, as a sufficient reason why the hearers should sur render their all unreservedly to Gcd. It was stated to be reasonable to do so, because it was, God's will, in Christ Jesus, concerning man, and because it would promote present andj eternal happiness. The service was conclude ! with singing and; prayer. 