COTTAGE HOMES FOR THE AGED AND INFIRM POOR. The foundation-stone of this institution, to be built in Lower north Adelaide, was laid on Monday afternoon, October 27, by Mrs. Mus- grave, in the presence of a large and re- presentative ??? of spectators., includ- ing ministers pf various denominations and many of the elite of Adelaide. Mrs. Musgrave was accompanied by His Excellency the Go- venor, who was attended by his Aide-de-camp Mr. Newdigate Newbury. An acre of land has been secured, and on this it is proposed to build two rows of cottages, facing Kingston-terrace and Stanley-street. One row will consist of two blocks containing five cottages each and the other of ten cottages and a centre two- storey building, the latter to be occupied by a person exercising supervision over the whole of the cottages. Up to the plinth the buildings, are to be of Glen Osmond stone, above that of limestone with brick dressings. There are to be moulded brick labels over the doors and windows, and the gables are to be finished with splayed brick copings. The estimated cost of the whole is between £7,000 and £8,600, but at present it is only proposed to build two cottages facing Stanley-street. The site is in every respect an admirable one, and on the ??? mentioned the spot where the ceremony was performed was gaily decorated with bunting. The proceedings having been begun by the hymn, "O praise our God to-day," being sung, The Ven. ARCHDEACON (Rev. C. Marryat) said—Christian Friends—We are assembled together this day to lay the foundation stone of some Cottage Homes, in which the aged and in- firm poor and widows may pass the remainder of their days in peace and retirement. To-day is a day of small things, but we trust that our small commencement may have a successful ending, and that the two Cottage Homes now begun will be added to from year to year. As without God we can do nothing, let us now pray that He who has declared Himself the Protector of the poor will bless our under- taking for which we find so great en- couragement in His holy word. Job said —"When the ear head me, then it blessed me ; and when the eye saw me, it gave witness to me ; because I delivered the poor that cried, and the fatherless, and him that had none to help him. The blessing of him that was ready to perish came upon me ; and I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy. I put on righteousness, and it clothed me ; my judgment was as a robe and a diadem. I was eyes to the blind, and feet was I to the lame. I was a father to the poor ; and the cause which I knew not I searched out," "Blessed be the man that provideth for the sick and needy ; the Lord shall daHtei" hiih' in''-'the .-'tittle of trouble." "Whoso hath this world's good, and seeth his brother have need, and shutteth up his com- passion from him, how dwelloth the love of God in him." An appropriate prayer was then offered ; after which Mrs. Musgrave having used the trowel and handled the mallet, the stone was declared properly laid, Mrs. Musgrave saying— "In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation-stone, in the name of the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost." Another prayer was then offered, and a collection made, realis- ing a considerable sume. In a cavity beneath the stone a bottle was placed, containing, amongst other things, copies of the Advertiser and Register, and a document, of which the follow- ing is a copy.:—"The foundation-stone of these Cottage Homes for the aged and infirm poor and widows was laid by Mrs. Musgrave, on the 27th of October, A.D. 1873, being the 37th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the first year of the Go- vernorship of His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., and the 37th year of the history of the colony of South Australia. Members of the Committee—Mesdames A. Blyth, Farr, Haining, Hay, Hart, Marryat, Parsons, Stuckey, J. Scott, Miss McMinn; Hon. Secretaries—Mrs. Gawler, Hon. A. BIyth, Mr. R. Stuckey, Archdeacon Marryat ; Archi- tect—Mr. David Garlick; Builder—Mr. Geo. Newman." Another hymn having been ung and prayer again offered, the service was concluded. The Hon. ALEX. HAY, M.L.C., addressing Mrs. Musgrave, said he had great pleasue in thanking her, on behalf of the Committee, for laying the foundation stone. Knowing how ready Mrs. Musgrave had been to perform any act likely to tend to the welfare of the colo- nists, it was not a matter of great surprise to find her taking part in such a ceremony as that. Whilst the underatking was on a small scale so far—as a com- munity they were only on a small scale so far—he hoped that the end of what had that day been begun would be a credit to Mrs. Musgrave, and would largely conduce to the advantage of the aged and infirm poor. He had been asked to request Mrs. Musgrave's acceptance of the trowel with which she had performed the ceremony, so that it might be a memento of one of the very many good offices which, he was sure, she would perform during her stay in South Australia, and he therefore hoped she would be good enough to accept the trowel. The trowel, which bore an appropriate in- scription, was made of silver, with amd ebony handle, and was very handsome. It was from the establishment of Mr. H. Steiner. His EXCELLENCY said he wished he could have persuaded Mrs. Musgrave to make ac- knowledgments herself for the compliment paid her. He believed she could do it better than he could, for, withou going into extreme length that some champions of women's rights did, he beiieved that, as the new ideas and spiritof the times diffused themselves amongst men, they would see that woman was the more able part of man. (Cheers;) On that occasion Mrs. Musgrave preferred that he should return thanks on her behalf ; and express the pleasure it gave her in being able to take part at the initiation of such a worthy undertaking. She wished them to feel taht, whilst she resided amongst them, she was part of the community, and that whilst she was at the head, she was also near the heart, joining not only in the social ioys and pleasures, but also in the sorrows and griefs of the people. (Cheers.) In no place where Mrs. Musgrave had lived was there greater freedom from grinding poverty than in South Australia. But there was that want which would be found in every lad—the infirm poor and aged, who could not dig and to beg were ashamed, and there could be no more noble work than to smooth the path of such down to the grave. The catholic and unsectarian na- ture of this undertaking commanded it to be Mrs. Musgrave's sympathies, and enlisted her cordial cooperation. Being a native of the United States, she could appreciate a work of this kind, carried on without State aid, for in no country were benevolent institutions more largely endowed as the result of private energy and contributions than in America, where the Government was scarcely looked to to do anything that the people could do for themselves. She thought she could see xu 'his I undertaking a tribute justly due to many|of-j the aged.and infirm poor, who(were amotag;the1, pioneers, and coh'quered for them the possessipnl of thiarioh and prosperous country| -who en-'| dared the hardships and privations which ear'T,] settlers, must do, and spent their youth^inl laying deep and strong the foundations ; of tw oolony they now^occupledj-fnd- who were left l battered and broken, far a|iray, it migbt be, frem'J those who might"help Ltheti in thea old age, f andpossibly withbirt children oi wnneotf ons te render them usistanoe. Such as these had1 claims upon thera-whioh they- could not dis-, regard, and fori such these asylums were in-1 tended to be erected; and no one" who* had felt the-loneliness of desertion in-a strangb .land | would refuse to assist such an undertaking; 1 Th«*ec werr Mrs. ^Lusgrave's .yery proper sentt^l 1 ments,,'ii.whioh he cphoupred, and'ne begged"tb thank-them for-the oomplim'eut paid to both of them, end. for the .courtesy, which had .been shown them, . ; .The? proeeedings. closed with oheers for .the Quean, Mrs.: Musgrave, and the ladies, and His 1 JBxesllency the Governor* I This ©veiling a concert will be given by 1 Mr. T.. W. Lyon's Singing Claii at ' White's Booms; snd, to judge hy the rehearsal on: ; Monday evening, the affair will be a snooess, j [ Ani>J Offeab*Q]i'Ur 