! THE FIRST MA R Q U1S OF NORMANBY. SHEFFIELD, so named in Johnson's " Lives of the Most Eminent English Poets," and best known by his inherited title of Earl of Mulgrave, under which most of his poetry was published, bore a more or less active part as a public man in not less than five reigns-those of Charles II, James II, William aud Mary, Anne, and George I. Bom in 1694, soon after the execu tiou of Charles I, he hvod till February, 1721, seven years after the accession of Georgo I King Williom gave him the title of Marquis of Normanby in 1694, and Queen Anne in 1703 made him Duke of Buckinghamshire He is frequei tly calle! Buckingham, but tho t tlo of Buctiinghjinshire was chosen beoauso thoro was feir of a latent claim to that of Buckingham , and it is will to maintain a distinction between tho two ducal poet«, John Sheffield and Goorgo Villiers Tho owards of eminenco entitling to admis- sion into Johnson's gallery of eminont poets wore mado not by Johnson, but by tho publishers who retained him to wnto biography He has not exalted Sheffield into eminence ns a poet, but the collection continus many poets who aro not superior to lum, and many who a e his in- feriors Lord Macaulay, who disliked Shofflcld us a Tory, has unjustly depreciated his poetry, and harshly depicted his character But ho allows him to havo been distinguished by (ino parts, and describes bun as "in Purliamentry eloquenco inferior to Bcnrcoly any orator of his time " This eulo, lum is chiefly founded on the testimony of Burnot, who describes Mu^iuvoas displaying in a hot debato in tho Housi of Lordi, in the reign of William and Mary, a force of argument and eloquence beyond an. thing he had cv ci heard in that assembly. His oratory was set off by a fino porson and commanding prosonco As a poet ho was a writer of odes, elegiacs, amatory poeme, and ciductic essays, which ontitlohim to rank,ut least with Donburn and Waller, and far above Sprat, Duke, Fenton, Yuldcn, and many others who Bvvell the cólico tion of " most eminent Lnglish Poets " "Mulgrave wroto verses," says Macaulay, "which scarcoly evor roso above absoluto rnodiocrity , but as ho was u man of high noto m tho political and fashiouable woild, those versos found admirers " A not dissimilar judgment might bo passed by many on the poetry of Samutl Rogers, a wealthy banker with a footing ni society and m great Whig houses, whom soo al entanglements and conveniences would boro prevented Lord Macaulay from freely criticising Mulgrave, amid tho distrae i tiona of fashionable dissipation and of political , life, studiously cultivated literary tastes and accomplishments and his poetry shows roOnod scholarship and ingenious thought His two chief poetical performances aro his Essay on Sátiro and his Lssay on Pootry The fir«t woî written in 1675 but did not see tho light till luiU, when it H as anonymously circulated in rnanu B-ript, and Dryden, having the credit ol the authorship, got a cudgelling for lampoons of which ho was entirely innoceut lho lis uy ou Poetry was published ononymous'y in 11)82 Both esBuys undorwent, during a long life mmy and groat revisions-multa dies et multi Ulura coercuif If Horaco's precepts uro to bo ad- mired, neither Mulgravo nor any ono else should bo scoffed at for following them, tho last editions of both poems differ greatly from tho first Both poems conta n many hues which rom un in the memory and recur for quotation -a practical test of poetical mont Tho mfcrior occupations of a statesman lately d«olt on by lho l)uko of Somerset, aro hero skilfully toll in in a word, in Bumming up the busy cares of tho weuK bodied, eager minded ShaftcBbury - ti t ti ¡i vam comfort ¡a lils mini! lie keeps ill« «out is souring while) lil« boelr creeps Mai ' Hint so iring to those few who know Is but a bus) IliUtcring hero below Tho last line of tho following passage is a favorito quotation - Itcject that v ulgir error (willoh appears 8o rilli ) of makin,, \ erfect characters There a no such ililu" in nature! and jon 11 draw v. f uiltless monster which the world no cr saw Popo paid Mulgrave the compliment of ap- plying to himself ono of his effective lines m tho Ess.iv on Poelry - Such was the Muso whoso rules and practice tell Nature s chief mutorplece is wilting well Mulgrnvo's fatl cr, Edmund, a poer of no mark, lind been a Councillor of Stale undor Cromwell Jjhn succeeded to the title in 165S at lho age of nine At seventeen he served asa volunteei in tbo first year of the great Dutfh war, on boord tho ship which camod tho two admirals, Princo Buport and tho Duko of Albo marlo Ho was aguin a naval volunteer when tho second Dutch war broke out in 1672 His valor was rewarded by an early appointment to the command of a fino ship, tho Boya! Katharine i In 1C73 ho rnisod a regiment of foot, and ío turnod to the ficot in command of it as colonel. A pciraunciit rogimont was nfterwaids given to i lum and ho remained with the command of a regi- ment after the peace Ho received tho Garter, i und was mado a Gontleman of tho Bed chuinbei. | These honors had boon heaped on him beforo ho j completed histivonty sixth year Now ho turned to poetry, and established a hfo long intimacy I with Dryden Ho ondeovored to porsuado the King to improve Drydcn's fortunes, BO as to | give bim caso and leisure for tho composition of a (,reat epic , tho penury of cttingavunco and tho King's laztno>s probably thwarted this design In 1679 Mulgrave put into circulation his Tssay on Satire, in which tho King was .currious y spoken of He kept tho autho ship o secret but tho suspicion froely fell on him and on Dryden n'so It is extrcmly unprobablo that Dryden had auything to do with this sitire. But ho woe beaten on suspicion of it by rufluni lured bv the Euri Roche«, er oi tho Duchess of Poitsmouth , "praised and punished for an other's rhymes," as Mulgravo wroto, a fow yoai s after, in his Essay on Pootry Yottbirty fivcyesrs later, Mulgrave aunotuted this hue of the Fssny on Poetry with a solemn statement that Dryden WUB "not only innocent, but ignoinnt of tho whole matter" Mulgravo and Drydin woro really associated the year after in a translation of Ovid , and tho courtly poot lntircoto was m ecstasy at tho noblo rauk of his coadjutor - How w ill sw al OvW s ghost bo pleased to hear Hi« fimo augmented b> a Hiitisti peer I How lio embellishes Ins Helens loves, Outdoes lils softness and his senso Improves ' In 1680 Mulgrave commanded an expedition, with two thousand men, to defend langiers against the Moors A circumstantial story is told of his having been sont on board a leaky and unsoavvorthy ship, the Admiralty pretending that they could givo him no better one, while Mulgravo mado it a point of honor not to refuso to go in uny eJup that was assignod to lum. The Kind's natural son, Charles, Earl of Plymouth, voluntcerod to no»ompay lum in his danger. The King's displeasure with him is mentioned as the c lilao of the bad turn done to Mulgrave Fino weather cnrriod bim Bafoly through tho voyago, but it was found necessary to pump tho ship tho wliolo woy Millgrove abstained during the voyngo from proposing the King's health at table, and on his bemg reminded of it, ho replied that he must first get out of his rotten B 111 p boforo ho could make that health go morrily lound Such rovengo as this was cowardly, but thero had been indeed enough in Mulgravo's Essov on Satire, circulated the year boforo, to wound deeply the Kui.'s feelings und to provoke his resentment. Thero was also o story-repeated by Macaulay-that Mulgrave had given offence to Charles by aspiring to the hand of bis niece, the Princess Anne Charles in a fit of ill humor may have eountcd this presumption, but the Princess's futhcr, James, was tho constant fnond of Mulgravo, and the Princess Anne, whon she became Queen, showed pleasure in favoring and in honoring tho admirer of her youth She made lum Lord Privy Seul, she made him a Duke, sho made lum Lord Steward of the Household , sho mado lum Lord Prosidont of tho Council, seo wanted to mako bim Lord Chancellor. During the reign of Charles, Mulgravo held no political office, and during no part of his careor did he loy himself out for laborious statesmanship Ho was a keen politician, with- out being a slovo of politics. His groat wealth and dignified accomplishments marked him out for offices of State and ornament; and in the reigns of James, of William, and of Anne, he was successfully Lord Chamberlain, Lord Privy Seal, Lord Stowa'd, and Lord President of the Council, m Tory adminBtrations Ho was a lory. Ho wrote aroply to Halifax's "Character of a Trimmer," which he called " Tho Character of a Tory." He wai devoted to the Duke of York before he ascended the Throne, and im- mediately after the aocession of James he was made a Privy Councillor, and soon after Lord Chamberlain. He did not care one way or the other about Popory, but he stood by the sovereign under whom, as Admiral, he had early served at sea Dry dca marshals him m tho great Exolusion struggles UB a prominent champion of the legitimate succession - Sharp j ud. lug Adriel tho Musca' friend, Himself a Muse in Sinlieitrla s debate I rue to hi» Prince, but not a slate of State Lord Macaulay again doea injustice to Mul' gruve by representing him as stimulating Roman Catholic convictions, whon James bocume King, and when he was made Lord Chamberlain and member of the Ecelefustical Commission. Ho hod no disguise , he avowed himself a Free l'hinkor Ho openly ridiculed transubstantio tion, tolling the priests who tried to convert him thnt ho was willing to bo taught, and liad tried hard to believe in God who mado the world and man, but that it would not bo easy to persuade him that man was quita, and made God again. Political meanness and ab|ect hypocrisy-these aro Lord Mucauluy's accusations-wero no part of Mu grave's character, whatever might havo boon his faults He bud lampooned Charles II. and had met with spirit ullrout and injury from that King Be di«upproied of James' latter moasuros, and freely remonstrated with him When all was over and not before, when Jumes had fled to France, ho took part in the councils of the established Revolution. Somo years after Klug William infoimed him that tbero had been a talk of asking him to join in tho first invitation to him to come over, but that Shiowsbury had discouraged tho attempt by Buying that ho would never concur , and the King then proceeded to ask him what he would have done if he had been invited. " Sir," replied Mulgrave, "I would havodiBcovored it to tbe King whom I theu aerved." This was not a mean hypocute. In tin year 1694 William, finding that the Tory Mulgravo had givon an independent and effective support to the Treason Bill and the Triennial Bill, and wishing to redress the balance in his coui suis as oetweon Whig and lory, disturbed by tho substitution of the Whig Shrewsbury for tho lory Nottingham, as Secretary of State, mado important overtures to I Mulgrave. He offered to m ko him a Marquis, I to give him a pension of £3000 a year, and to appoint him a member of the Cabinet Couucil, [ by a special exception, without office. These i offers wero accepted, Mulgravo was mado ? Murquis of Normanby, the pensión was granted, but Noimanby was uot called to the meetings of the Cabinot Then Normanby wroto a very spirited letter to tho King, which is full of interest also, as showing how far tho Cabinet, which had an informal beginning at tho Restora- tion, had now assumed form and defimUness Wo leam from Lord Normanby's letter datod July 19, 1691, that it had been arranged that tris Lord Keeper (Lord Somers;, tho Lord President (Uarquts of Carmarthen, better known as Dimby, and now cieated Duko of Leeds), the Lord Privy Seal (Earl of Pembroke), and tho two Secretaries of State (sir John I Tronchard and the Earl of ¡shrowsbury), should meet constantly in Oubinot, and that Ljrd Nor tnunby shoul 1 |om them. Tho letter atatoa that I in Citarles II's reign Lord Anglesea, who had 1 been Lord Privy Sea! from 1673 to 1632, had ' boon always excluded, and farther that the I White Stalls woro now to bo excluded from ' Cabinet m etings These would probably bo Lord Godolphin, First Commissioner of tho 'Troa«urv,as reore«entin tho L^rd Treasurer, the Earl of Devonsluro, Lord Steward, j Lord Newport, Treasurer, and Thomas Whaiton, Comptrollor of tho Household In tho Cabino' to which Normanby was to bo I specially added, Carmarthen was tho only Tory, and William's plan of a Ministry had been till I now ono equally composed of both patties. Normanby's i-pirited, not to say indignant, re j mon«tranco brought the King to the fulfilment . of his promise Some passages of his lotter ' deserve quotation, for this is a man whom Lord Macaulay bus described as mom and abject - I " I beg your Mujestj's paidou onco moro for troubling you upon so trifling a subject us my solf, though I must own a sacred promiso from a King is of no small importance. But tho occasion of my approaching your Majesty again this way, uftor I found myself obliged to take my leave humbly for ever, is a discourse I had tho honor to huvo with tbo Queen yesterday, by which I find all my just griovunces capable of being redroasod on one word from your Mujosty, that I should meet with tho Keeper, Presi 1 dent, Privy Sea!, and Secretaries when thoy aro I assembled . . . It is a real Cabine, without , the numo, nay, called so generally now, and there was no other in all tho lute King's timo . . ' Tour Majesty IB and ought to be master, to uso j mo as you pienso , but I beg ¡cavo to say, with ' all due submission, that this u«uiice if continued, I is not only below so great a King to impose, aftor all assurauces to tho contrary, by which I was brought to tho Council, becauBo I depended on them, but it is even below me, the mooni s* of your subjects, to acquiesce in further than pationco and my duty oblige me " The loiter was published by Sir John Dnlrvmplo from Kmg William's box Appendix to " Memoirs," Part II, p 213) Tho appeal obtainod immediate rodress for Lord Normanby It is strango thut Lord Macaulay should havo been i"noruut of this letter, BO creditablo to Normanby and from a constitutional point of view so interesting He simply says that Nor munby " was nomod a Cabinet Councillor, but never consulted " Whon Anne succeeded to tho Throne, Marl I borough and Godolphin formed ii Tory adminis- tration to pleaBO hei, and tho Marquis of Nor- manby, both us a Porv and a personal favorite of tho Queou, was soloctcd to bo the Lord Privy Seal A few ycais after, in 1703, Marlborough and Godolphin veered to the Wings ; and Nor- manby, now mado Duke of Buckinghamshire by the Queen's favor, was removed from oflioo lho Queen struggled against his removal She oven solicited him, but in vam, to remain by her sido as Lord Chancellor, thirty years and not moro had passed sinco a layman, Shaftcs bury, had held tho Great Seal, and it bad since, in tho reign of James II, boon pressed by Anne's father on Arthur Auncsley, liarl of Anglesey Tbo Duko of Buckinghamshire resumed offico in 1710, as Lord Steward, when the Whigs foil boforo Harley. On the death of Laurenco Hydo, Earl of BoohoBtor, in the following yeor, Buckinghamshire succeeded as Lord President of tho Council. Tho death of Queen Anuo and tbo accession of George I. brought tho Wings into monopoly of power, ond Buckinghamshire ceased to hold office. He was an opponent of the Court during tho remainder of hiB life. He died in February 1721, in tho seventy second year of bis age. Ho has left somo occasional pieces in prose, including threo fragments of historical memoirs, and Johnson gives more praiso to his prose than to his pootry. " His vorse«, ' says Johnson, " aro oflon insipid, but his memoirs aro lively and agreeable , ho bad the perspicuity and clcganco of an historian, but uot the fire and fancy of a poet " His authorship, whether in prose or poetry, was uot more than an amuse- ment, and neither kind possesses vigor. His tanto wus refined, and his judgment oultivatod Lord Mucuulay has blackened his character, giving a ready ear to tho malovolenceof Mackay und Swift, who aro not trustworthy guides Covetousness is a chief reproach of Macaulay againBt lum, a reproach resting on undignified tittie tattle. It u known as a fact that he was bounltfu! tbrojgh life to bis friend Dryden, and that, when his political rival, (ho Duke of New- castle, had failed to fulfil a voluntary and osten tious promue to erect a monument to Dryden in Westminster Abbey, Buckinghamshire carne forward and did it. To Buckinghamshire Dry deo had deaicated his Mneid Dryden had Btyled him " tbo Muse's friend, himself a Mus» " Such praise of one noted for covetousness would huvo been ridiculous. Libertinism is another reproach ¡ Buckinghamshire did not conceal it. Bo had several natural children, and ne knowledgcd tbem. Somo of Lord Maeaulay's heroes woro at least equal sinners in this respect. In an elaborate will, which is prmttd in his world, and which is almost a literary compose non, Buckinghamsbno provided with scrupulous oarefor his widow, his legitimate children, and those »ho wero illégitimité; and under its provínoos, by the failure of his legitímate line in 1735, all his property went among hu natara) children. He had been married three times, and to three widows He had oiuldren only by hu. third wife " Ho has been often beard to say, since bo had legitimate ohildron," writes a family biographer, " th it be wished he never had the others, or at leaBt had not owned then), it being in private families an ill example " Authors of celebrity havo joined in praise», which with every allowance for flattery of rank. necessitate an estimate of Buckinghamshire, a* a mau of letters, considerably higher than Macaulay'« In old ago, and finally retired from office, Buckinghamshire wroto a few lines ia prai«e of Pope's liiud immediately after it» publication Popo full of joy, replied - Muse tis enough at length thy labor ends An 1 thou shalt live for UucU ghani coin nonda, Shotiield approves consenting Pbcftbu« bends, And I and Malice from this, hour ara friends Prior, too, valued hi.hly his praises - II ppy the poet bles the lays VA hlch Butklngl am ha« deigned to praise Lord Roscommon a contemporary noble poet, whoso LB ay ou Translated Vereo is named by Addison as one of threo master pieces of their kind-the othor two being Buckinghamshire'! Essay on Pootry, and Pope's Essay on Critioism -thus referred to the Lssav on Poetry - Happy that author whoso correct Kisay Repairs so woll our old llorativn way This is a case in which Lord Macaulay has not been just or well informed. lho Duko of Buckinghamshire's widow, hit third wifo, was a natural daughter of James II, by Catharine SedUy Count na oi Dorchester, and had been previously married to the Earl of Angicsoy, by whom abo h id a daughter, Lady Catharine Anneslev This daughter, while tho Duke of Buckinghamshire was livng, married the BOU of Sir Constantine Phipps, Irish Lord Chancellor, and her sou Constantine Phipps was mado an In h Baron, with the title, taken from her Btipfither, of Lord Mulgrave An English earldom foi owed in the family The lato Marquis of Normanby, bom second Es*'.of Mulgrave, and mu le a marquis in Lord ei-ol bourne's Administration, was like the LV«.o of Buckinghamshire-Bomo of whose titles re ap- peared in him hut who«e blood was not in hil veins-an authoi, clever, but not eminent, and the holder of muny high public offices without superlativo distinction -Saturday Remeto. 