Reminiscences of Captain Marryat. FBEDEKICK Marryat was born in Westminster in 1792. He was of the really illustrious race, of vulgarly, soiled. Cockneys, for not only men born within -the sound of Baw Bells, but those born within the limits that sound could reach,if universal silence reigned as the balls rang out, are Cockneys. That, at least, is the old tradition. The.outlihe of his life is soon drawn. He wen? to sea when a mere boy; he left it when a man in his prime; but. he had been in about a hundred engagements, on land and sea. He earned rank and honor by the zealous part he took in the destruction of men, and much praise for having rescued from watery grav'esalmost as many as he killed. Thus the account was balanced. His novels began with the ' Naval Officer,' which was partly written before he withdrew from active service, and thev closed with those juvenile storieR, out of which alone he had a handsome income. Books of travel and a professional work or two may be included among his literary efforts. Magazine writing he commenced in the first number of the Metropolitan, edited by Campbell, and rendered ponderous by the insertion of a lecture on Ancient Geography which Campbell had previously read "at the London Institution. BTarrvat's" contribution was the first part of the Pacha of Many Tales. The novelist affected the utmost, disregard for publishers, and the moat unreserved contempt for critics, wbereby we may see that (he gallant captain was no fool at drjring a bargain, and very sensitive as to public judgment on his booTts. Without ever completely cutting himself adrift frsm literature, ho, in his later years, too"k to farming, on his little estate at Lmgham, Norfolk. Hetried hard not to be a gentleman farmer, but a real farmer; and Tie dressed accordingly, and Wked very much what he wanted to be. The result, however, wasthe usual crop which gentlemen farmers reap-: and, amid disappointment and severe affliction, came ill-health, successive ruptures of small blood-vessels, decay, delirium, and death. The sailor-author was one of fifteen sons and daughters, some of whom besides himself contributed to'literature. He, for his part, was an idle troublesome boy. who'loved play, could learn easily,.and was flogged continuously. One of his masters once found him standing on his head, book in hand, in the schoolroom. ' He dja so;' be said,' because find ing itimpossible to master his task on his feet, he tried t'other tack'l' He was for ever running away from school, and was always found at or near the -sea. He was allowed to have his own way and in 1806 he was afloat in tho Imperieuse. In that fighting ship alone the boy was in fifty engagements. After this bloody affair, he was laid out for dead by the side of others between the guns —the fresh air blowing over them all. - An officer who had been in the boarding affair, which had cost -so many "victims, and who was an enemy of the lad, looked down onbim and said, ' Here's a young cock who has done crowing. Well, for a wonder, this chap has cheated the gallows ? The fresh air had brought the 'chap.' however, to his senses and Mnrryat-faintly exclaimed, 'You're a liar'!' 3 Whatever work tho Imperieuse bad to do, all went with her if the day was Sunday. Cochrane called upon his men to face terrible dangers. Death and destruction stared the crew in the face, but they smiled and went on cheerily, if they were asked to do impossibilities on a Sunday. No matter what the work, it-was done then, and done nobly. Tn saving men from drowning, Marryat more than onee nearly 'lost his life. In describing his own experiences of drowning in a rough sea, he said he felt as if he were enclosed in waving green fields, vsbich approached nearer and grew greener as his senses gradually forsook him. It was like sinking down overpowered by sleep in the long, _soft grass of a green meadow. On one occasion Marryat's gig upset, in which wero himself, a middy, and an oldbumboat woman who could swim like a fish, but the boy could not. The old woman struck out and held up the captain who in vain calledon her to leave him and savethe boy. ' What," cried the old" lady, < hold up a midshipman, when I can save the life of a captain! Not I, indeed ! There is a good ghost story in the book, of Marryat's brother Sam appearing to tbe captain at night, when he had turned in, just to say/Fred! am dead,' an announcement which in course of time, proved to be true. We prefer a livelier story of court-life at Brighton, when Marryat and his wife were sojourning there, and were among those who were invited to thecourt :—'It was the custom at the Pavilion balls, for their Majesties to receive their guests in an ante- chamber, where tbe ladies 'having kissed the Queen's hand, and been saluted in their turn upon the cheek by the King, were generally engaged in a few gracious words of conversation before they pissed through into the ball -room. These entertainments were usually graced by the presence of some of the F s; and W F 's favorite and elegant expression, when waiting to escort tho ladies of his acquaintance to tbe ballroom, of has daSiussed you yet ? was as good an evidence of hie royal paternity as he could wish to carry about the world with him.' Marryat contrived to lrve down a strongaversion to him feltin America, ofwhich countryand people he wroteintermsof admiration. He had a way of heedlessly saying things which gave offence, as for instance, when some one observed, he'could not get over Colley Grattan's nose,' Marryat remarked, ' No wonder, since there is no bridge to it.' And quite as heedlessly, he sent a houseful of furniture to a poorer friend, not-an article of which, except tho chairs, would go in at the doors. His own house was crowded with memorials of his wars and travels. How ho came by some of the trophies is thus told :—" During the war those Burmese who were in the possesion of any stones of value used to make an incision in the flesh of their arm or leg, and, inserting the jewel, allow the flesh to close over it again. Captain Marryat became aware of this custom, and after each engagement made his sailors pass their hands up and down the bodies ofthe slain, and wherever a lump was perceptible a cut of the knife Boon relieved the owner of his then useless property." To his two boys Marryat was much attached, and tho* IOSB of the eldest of them accelerated his own death. The following passage shows that they wore their father's sons :—" Of Captain Marryat's eldest son Frt dcrick, mentioned in this letter (a fine, wild, generous fellow, who perished in his prime by the wreck of the Avenger), many stories might be told qnite'as amusing as those which signalised the early .life of his father. He was a universal favorite, but the pranks he sometimes played in bis profession a'armed even the least sober among hiB companions. Amongst his boyish escapades it is related how, when his ship once lay off Gib, he used to be selected to command the boat which took a certain blind, admiral to and from the shore, and part of his duty consisted in telling the old gentleman whenever an officer saluted him in passing. The temptation to mischief was too strong for poor Fred; the warning,' Officer saluting you, sir,' was given upon all occasions, necessary or otherwise, and the old admiral was never allowed to rest quiet two minutes' without raising his hand to his hat. The trick upon so important a, personage having been discovered, Mr. Midshipman^Marryat was transferred to another ship in disgrace; when lie piled all his baggage in a boat so as fo resemble a coffin, covered it with the Union Jack for a pall, and played the ' Dead March in Saul'.on a cornopean as he was eon veyed to his new destination. On another occasion he was serving in a ship off Singapore, and not on the best of terms with his captain, wh <, on giving a ball on board, omitted Mr. Marryat's name from the list of invitations. On the following day, bowever, when all the glass and crockery which had been hired for the guests were ready packed to go back on shore, he was the one told off, with malice prepense, to commanfi the boat. On receiving the order, Midshipman Fred appeared on deck, slowly and indolently. ""Make haste, sir !'crie'd the indignant captain. 1 Run,sir—jump!' " Ay, ay, sir,' was the ready response, and jump he did, right over the" ship's side, and dashed into the midst of the hired crockery, the destruction amongst which may be "better imagined than described. The yonngor boy," Frank, was entered on the roll Of the navy at the tender age of three years, and his father used to say that when he took him up for that purpose to the Port Admiral at Plymouth, and the officer, wiBbing to be gracious, patted the little one '(who was at» tired in the costume of a seaman) on tbe head, with the observation,'' Well, von're a fine little fellow,' the youngster set all the bystanders in a roar by the cool reply,' And you're a fine old cock too V "—" Life ani Letters of Captain Marryat" from a Review in the Borne A T ews. 