THE MAERIED WOMEN'S PROPERTY' 4 BILL. , ' ' (From the Daily Neas, February 20,) The Married Women's Property Bill, whioh occupied the attention of the House of Com* . , mons yestorday, was not a measure to enaot ,\\- that married women ought or ought not to havo any ownership- of property. A chance visitor to one of the gallories, who did not hear the whole of the debate, might easily have iuncicd that Borne Buch fundamental question wbb at issue. But thero was nothing of tho kind. The principle that ' a married woman may havo the ownership of property has already beon recognisod in a variety of ways. It was . specially acknowledged by the Act which passed ' ' in 1870. That Act it was tho endeavour of ? ? yesterday's measure to amend. For tho Married Women's Property Bill of 1870 under went a fate that can hardly bo called uncommon in our legislation. It went .in at one end of . our Parliamentary machine with symmetrical v. proportions, and it came out at the other end . ?distorted and mutilated. The Record it of *;? r . - London liad brought in tho bill for the simple purpose of enabling married women to beoome v. capable of holding and acquiring property, of suing and being Bued, The bill passed the House of Commons, and went up to the House of - LordB.' The Lords bo ' ainendod' the bill as ? almost entirely to deprivo women of the com- . mon law rights which it sought to confer/ . It - ? was then; howevor, loo late in the session to ? ~ think of tiny practical restoration of the original . form, and the measure,' even as transfigured, . had at all events tho merit of acknowledging tho „ principle . which the promoters of the reform desired to Bee established. It was thought thero- ~ fore better to accept the bill as it stood for the - hour,' and trust to the chance oC amending it upon Bomo future occasion. The bill, there fore, .which Mr. Hinde Palmer brought in yesterday, was in substunce a measure to restore the original proportions of tlio scheme, and to give thus to married .winnen that right 111 Com mon Law, for the establishment of which oven tlio House of Lords were willing to concede to them iricreused facilities in equity. Such was the simple question which tho .House had to . discuss yesterday, and which became involved in many preposterous presumptions, and obscured . , by many bewildering arguments. Mr. Hinde Palmer carried the second reading of his bill by nff... .. ci resembled Bome of tho efforts of Danto to make hiB way in the mystic and hopeless regions, with the ghosts of old fallacies and the impish forms of buflling paradoxes obstructing his pro gress at every step. No one had much to say in favor of the Act of 1870.' That Act found simplicity; it substi tuted complication. It found clearness ; it substituted confusion. It found a measure specially desigued'to assist the poor; it substi tuted provisions which gave relief only to tho rich. The bill as thus altered did in principle all that the extremest advocates of tlio old fashioned systems could object to ; for it con ceded tho principle of a married woman's right of properly. But, it ohecked and confined this ' right within so many limitations, made it dopen dent on such capricious conditions, and inter posed so many berriers bftween tlio right, even where acknowledged, and its enforcement, that in this Bliort and busy life a woman would be moro comfortable if absolutely deprived of all claim to her own property, than thus perplexed by the solution of a bewildering riddle. The'whole measure was li.io one of those ingenious schemes of political reform which we used to find abundantly a few years ago, the whole object whereof seemod to be r.to d6vise some plan by which a popular franchise might be: at .once offered . and withheld, one olause concediug the franchise, and the next endeavoring to render the concession unavail able. As Mr. Hinde Palmor; : Mr. Osborne Morgan, and other speakers showed, the Act of. - 1870 literally bristled with errors and anomalies. But whatever were the defects of the Act, it had a certain purpose for its basis, and very few of those who took part in the debate of j ester day soriously talked of over- ruling that purpose. Thore were, i-ideed, one; or; two speakers who. boldly acknowledged that tlioy would gladly, if they could, repeal the Act of 1870 altogether, and revoke all that kind of legislation of which, with whatever errors and blunders, it is an illus-' « tralion. But there was no combined aud practical 'movement that way, and therefore the dis pute ought to have been limited to a very simple issue.' It was no fault of tlio promoters of the measure it wo had' yesterday a farrago of con jectures hs to what would happen if a married woman owning a, house chose to bring an action of ejectment against her husband; if^ 1111 un manageable damo determined to open a shop in opposition to her husband ; if mother unruly ., lady insiste 1 on going into partnership in bust ' ' ness with her male cousin; and so on. . We aro tolerably familiarized with all this sort of thing where nny debate on tho position of married women has to be introduced ; ? and people, would, perhaps, havo felt that there was !! Boiiiething unusual yesterday if tlicae agreeable ': diversions hud been -wanting. In'fact, no question of principle was really involved. The only point fairly at issue was whether, having distinctly acknowledged the ' rights of a certain class, it is not wiso to make tlie assertion of the rights as straightforward ' and Bimple a process as possible. It is perfectly true, as Mr. Lopes and other members urged, that all such measures tend to increase tho possibilities of litigation. Such is, indeed, the 1 melaucholy tendency of all reforms which . recogniso the freedom and the rights of any : class of human beings. Absolute slavery alono, - ' tho positive absence of any right which nny other class is bound to respect,, can scuro 'superior peri'oiiB against tho posaibility of being, troubled by the legal assertion of the claims of weaker persona. But such arguments as this, , however indisputable their basis of fact, camo \ much tob late yesterday. They ought to huve been pleaded (indeed, wo must admit tliut, they were pleaded) against- the Bill of 1870, when it came down amended from tho House of Lords. , A Hkkoink.— A woman n'amod Virginie . - Chesquieres has just died in tho Pelits Mcnages. \\. Asylum, at Issy, within fifty-fivo days of attain ing lior. hundredth year. A remarkable act of heroism is related of this femalo under thoFiret .. Empire. It. was during an engagement in tho ^ Peninsular War, the colonel of tlio 22th: Rogi- ~ ment had beon killed and left 011 tho ground when a sergeant;'- a slight youug man, and two soldiers devoted themselves to recovering the body of their officer. They started together but the two men wore struck down 011 the way,- ? ' . and .the sergeant -only 'reached the spot,; has. attempt od to lift, the corpse on to his shoulders, but was too weak to do so ; porcoiving two of . the ? oriemy at a distauce, he made signs as if_ho were wounded, and the others hastening forward expecting to mako a prisoner, when tho sergeant ? fired and brought down one of them, tlieh eeized his horse — tho other had fled — got tho body on it, mounted himself, and galloped back to the French lineB. Thero it was t-een that the young man waB liimsolf wounded, as blood was flowing freely from his breast ; he was un dressed, in spite of his resistance, when he was found to be a woman 1 It was Virginie Ches- ? qui£res, of Delimont, in tho department of the Nord, who, six years before, seeing her young brotlior drawn in tho conscription, hud dressed herself in men's clothes, and, tuking his place, .' had been incorporated in the 27th Regiment, ,. and had risen to the grado of sergeant. This is the woman who lias just died iu the. asylum atlBsay. — Galignani. A coloured gentleman lately wont to con- , suit a lawyer, and, after stating Jus case, .said, , . I ' Now, Mr. ' ? I know yoe's a. lawyer, but I , ? wish you would, pleaao 8U- jibb toll mo oo.truff . . 'bout dat matter. , t 