P&OBHNEffT; TOPICS. PLBASUBE AWD BUSINESS. Pi.EA.sAmr times of it the delegates to the LAtercolonial Conference hare in the hospitable colony of New South nate with days of business, and the latter are much shorter than the former. To invigorate themselves for their arduous labours they had a run into the country, and a pic-nic in a pleasant spot before they began. And they had hardly commenced business when they went in another direction out of town to try the effect of change of air on their brains and general health; and all this, however pleasant it might have been to themselves, was done in the interests of their constituents, for it is of the utmost importance to tighten, cement, draw closer, fasten, and perpetuate the bonds of union which unite the several colonies. The delegates are fully sensible of that fact, and they are accordingly pic-nicking, feasting, drinking, toasting, and cheering each other to the best of their accomplished abilities. We do not suppose that important business was ever before transacted under such delightful circumstances. The Conference is held at the Treasury, Macquarie street, where a suite of rooms was gorgeously fitted up for the occasion. The room in which the sittings are held is thus described:— It is tastily upholstered and decorated. The roof is silver paper, with stars of gold, corniced in oak leaves. The walls are in white satin paper, studded with gold and ailver crosses and stars. The carpet is blue, with gold fleur-de-lis. The room has been fitted with a magnificent mantel-piece, stove, &c.; In the centre of the apartment is_ a long, broad, massive mahogany table, with portable desks and drawers for each. There are map-stands, with pointing rods for elucidating, a large map of the World, with maps of Australia, and of every separate colony. But what will come of it all ? Nothing, or next to nothing, we fear. And so we 8hali have another conference, in time to come, here, and Melbourne must then rival Sydney in the profuseness of its hospitality and the splendour of its entertainments. Where statesmanship and practical results are not to be had, the shopkeepers will be satisfied with a policy of a meaner order, which turns money into their pockets. WE have great pleasure THE MAGUIRE in announcing the suc- FUND. cessful initiation of this Fund. The Bishop in the following gives his warm support to it:— Bishop's House, Melbourne, 17th January, 1873. Enclosed is my subscription to the Maguire Fund. I wish I could give more. The de ceased was an honest Irishman, in whom there was no guile. All honour to his memory. R.LP. Your pious undertaking has my sympathy, and co-operation if necessary. >J« J. A. GOOLD. The Very Rev. T. Cahill, Superior of the Jesuit Fathers, writes as follows:— St. Patrick's College, Melbourne, January 27th, 1873. The movement which has been set on foot to honour the memory of John Francis Maguire, and to express sympathy with his bereaved family, must meet with support wherever warm-hearted Irishmen and true Catholics are found. It cannot therefore fail to be successful in Victoria. Yours sincerely, T. CAHILL, S.J. The following subscriptions have been tec ived:— 1 .';s Lord Bishop of Melbourne, £5 5s.; Rev J. P. O'Sullivan, St. Patrick's, £5 ; T)i - Jesuit Fathers, per Very Rev. T. Cahill, S J., £5; Hon. Gavan Duffy, M.L.A., £5 5s. ; Hon. Michael O'Grady, £5 ; Rev. Michael Farrellr, Kilmore, £5 ; Brighton Presbytery, per Bev James Martin, £5 j Rev. Thoma Barrett, Mansfield, £5. Other subscriptions and communications will be duly announced. THE Argus, when re- WOBTHY ALLIES, cently offering its adulatory incense, on the Education question, to the lunatic •Garibaldi, enjoyed the opportunity immensely. It appears, however, that a kindred spirit, in the person of the notorious David Buchanan, M.L.A. of New South Wales, was desirouB of emulating the absurd flattery of the Argus, for that celebrated individual has submitted his correspondence with the "Old Hero" when discussing their joint secular views anent education. Old Red Shirt implores bis correspondent, " my dear Buchanan," to beware of the priest " as an impure emanation of evil in the human family," and the Caprera firebrand trusts that David Buchanan "will not tolerate the presence of this human reptile in his beautiful and virgin country." To give David his due, he is another "old hero of a shirt," for he was fined and imprisoned for going to a Church of England place of worship at Maitland in shirt sleeves not altogether white. In those daya David was a publichouse swash-buckler, subsequently an aati-Eaglish revolutionarywriter, commentator upon Albert the Good, lecturer in defence of Feniauism, and generally a polluted public oracle. Now he is happy in exciting the envy of the Argus, and being warm in the embrace of the poor old hero of Caprera. They are all happy in their denunciation of "the priest." That they are a happy fraternity, mutual in their aims and identical in their efforts against society, is further evidenced by the Melbourne correspondent of the London Times, writing hence on the 11th of October last. Describing the purport and object of the new Victorian Education Aet, he says :— The bill is attractive to a large class as damaging to denominationalism, and to that denomination in particular which is constantly reminding us that it is a pjlitioal as well as a religious organisation. If the biU wilt weaken lite priests, they are indifferent to its benefitting the children. In this aspect the bilMs a party question. It is thus with the followers of Garibaldi, The Argus, Buchanan, and Co., from Italy to Australia. Their object is to weaken the priest, to expel the knowledge of the Creator from our schools—the effect of which must be the demoralisation of the people. FOB the conveni- FATIIEB O'M ALLEY'S ence of our read - SEBMON. ers we give the following analysis of Father O'Malley's sermon, which is reported in another part of the paper. It is important that Catholics should have at their finger ends the arguments against this most truly oppressive Education Bill. The reverend gentleman commences by defining the words State and Denomi nation, and he lays down the self-evident principle: "That the private interests of any section of the community should not be tram,' pled on, if they neither clash with those of any other, tior are in themselves immoral." He then examines the claims of the various denominations, and shows that those of the Catholic clash with the " reasonable'' wishes of no one, while those of the "secular denomination" clash with the reasonable wishes of all the others, Catholic, Protestant, or Jewish. He next deals with the arguments (!) put forward in favour of "Secularism." He shows up thoroughly the bigotry, animosity and proselytism of three rev. gentlemen—Dr. Cairns, Dr. McDonald, and the Rev. Mr. Symons— while he bears a willing testimony to the fairness of Dr. Perty, who like the Rev. A. Robertson, protests against our being uujustly treated. He makes ou this point a very good observation—which Catholics and Protestants would do well to note— that oaly one layman spoke at the so-called conferences of the " clergy and laity," and that he was in favour of justice to the Catholics. There can be no doubt that if it were not for the teachings of certain " godly" men there would not be such bitterness against the Catholics. Let any Protestant ask himself why he hates the Catholics, and see is there any other reason than his having been taught to do so. No doubt many a Protestant will reflect seriously on the injury the proselytisers have brought on the various Protestant denominations. It comes to this: " No denominational education, no religious education "—thel Protestants will have to pay for Protestaut schools, or see their children grow up «' secularists." The pecuniary IOBS will of course fall very heavily on Catholics too, but not BO heavily as on Protestants, because teachers " unencumbered by families," will he able to conduct schools much more cheaply than others, and these are always to be found in the Catholic Church. Unfortunately we must make up our minds to the perversion of a certain number of children, but, on the whole, we shall gain by having the education of Catholics thrown more into the hands of Religious, and a little flavour of persecution will make us a more united and compact body. Father O'Malley concludes by a challenge, in which he recapitulates what he has proved. We shall watch curiously how it will be dealt with. THE Act under THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS which public edu- ACT, NEW SODTH cation in New WALES. South Wales is managed has recently bad the approval of the Legislature of that colony. In committee of supply a vote of £120,000 has been passed for public instraction in spite of the opposition of BuchanaD, whom another member, Mr. Macintosh, denounced "as the greatest vagabond that ever entered the walls of that chamber." The opposition from the first was seen to be both factious and vain, but the time occupied by it we cannot consider wasted since the discussion elicited from two prominent members opinions which afford some assuraace that the bad example of Victoria will not be followed in the legislation of New South Wales on the Education question. Mr. Arnold, the Speaker of the House, in supporting the motion said- It is almost impossible to oonvey instraction without conveying some religion with it. If you teach a child to read, you open to him every book that ever was written, unless he e debarred from the use of them. But he challenged any one to say that any action of his life—anything that he ever did, or seriously said, snowed that he felt the slightest prejudice to auy religion whatever. He declared solemnly he did not feel such prejudice. He believed that the religions of all denominations act upon all who conscientiously profess them, and religion is lessary to the constitution of a good citizen. Mr. Arnold, who was lately chairman of the Council of Education, said in continuation of his remarks, that " it was in this spirit he had administered the Act," and it would be rather ungracious at the present moment to question the strict accuracy of that statement. Mr. Parkes, who followed Mr. Arnold in the debate, spoke somewhat to the same effect on the same point. He said:— If all the requirements of the Public Schools Act were fulfilled, what was there against children then being religiously instructed in the faith of their fathers ? (Cheers.) He never meant to say that secular education was about to prevail, but he always advocated non-sectarian education. Non-sectarian education was a holy thing. (Cheers.) If this new party of secularists entertained this view, that the name of God and morality should be banished from public schools, he (Mr. Parkes) would not lend himself to help them. (Cheers.) Mr. Parkes is slightly astray in his views, but we should not be surprised if he were much more so.- Headvoeates the impossible, but as he is known to have bad dealings with the supernatural — thaf Kiandra ghost which no one but himself has ever seen—he may be pardoned for being slightly visionary. It is gratifying to find tbat he considers religious education in the school necessary, but tbat opinion would have more weight if he did not cherish the delusion that" non- sectarian education," or religious instruction without dogma, was possible in a system having any pretensious to being national. Secular education, without any serious infringement upon the rights of conscience, may possibly work, but the U9e of Bible reading lessons in a mixed school- could not be tolerated for a moment. However, it is plain that New South Wales is saved for some time at least from deserving the reproach Dr. Suttor, the Anglican Bishop of Nelson, N.Z, cast upon this colony at a meeting of a Protestant missionary society held in Melbourne on Monday evening. His Lordship— Grieved at what had been done in reference to religious instruction in this colony. He grieved not so much on their account, as that being a most influential community, what they did might be imitated elsewhere. He expected to find them all in deep black that night, to find every one of them, in fact, in deep mourning. They were aware that when some hapless patriots in Poland or Austria fell a victim to their principles, the ladies wore the outward and visible sign of inward grief. The Melbourne morning papers take Dr. Suttor to task for the utterance of these sentiments, but they will nevertheless have their due weight with the readers of those ournals, and they will help to the formation of that more healthy opinion which we hope will operate with good effect at the next general election. FROM all parts of HABVEST PBOSPECTS. the colony, as harvesting operations advance, comes the gratifying intelligence that the wheat crop is a most abundant one, and at anything like a remunerative price for this cereal the season is likely to be one of great prosperity to farmers generally. On the other hand it must be remembered that our South Australian neighbours have also been blessed with a harvest so abundant that they will have for exportation, according to their own estimate, 250,000 tons of flournearly double as much as that shipped during 1670, when the exports of this staple far exceeded those of any previous year. The South Australian merchants having arrived at this conclusion, are taking active steps to place a quantity of their surplus breadstuffs in the hpme markets at the earliest possible moment, a number of ships being now loading for England. Under all these circumstances it behoves our Victorian farmers to be on the alert to place their grain on a payable market. Prices are almost certain to decline as supplies come forward, and though they may rally again towards the close of the season, holding for high prices is always a risky matter, and should only be attempted by men who can afford to.lose. It may be taken as a safe rule that the small farmer acts most wisely when he disposes of his crops at the -earliest moment at s remuuet rative price. He may occasionally miss a' small gain, but then he frequently escapes a serious loss. There can ba no prospect of gain .without its corresponding risk of loss, and he should not attempt the one who cannot stand the other. Five shilling! per bushel for wheat should pay well, and there ought to be no hesitation ia accepting anything over that figure. At all events, that's our opinion, after giving the matter careful consideration. We would especially warn our farming friends not to place too much reliance on market quotations, as—no matter how reliable they may have been when published—in the present state of the market, a very few hours may see a marked change in prices of wheat Let each man use bis own judgment, and he will not go far wrong. WHEN several months LOBD BUSSELL past we noticed in Lord ON Hussell's views on Irish HOME BULE. questions a strong tendency to Home Rule principles, we considered that his opinions on the subject had not been matured, and hoped that they would become more liberal after he had further studied the question. But his lordship does not appear to have since improved his time or opportunities. His latest utterances are worse than foggy —they are extremely eccentric. The London contributor of the New York World has had some correspondence with the noble earl, and received permission to make the following letter public:— Pembroke Lodge, Richmond Park, October 12, 1872. Sir,—I will endeavour to explain to you what I mean. In Sir R. Kane's '-'In. dustrial Resources of Ireland," you will find an enlightened review of the material wants and necessary remedies for the welfare of Ireland. I wish to see these wants and these remedies fairly examined, and means employed to promote Irish improvement, and bring about Irish prosperity.. But I fear if an Irish Parliament is set up in Ireland, all her energies will be wasted in political contention. I therefore wish to divert the forces which might give heat and comfort instead of concentrating them in a manner to produce a conflagration. This is the more necessary as the Irish nature is so very inflammable that it prefers a bonfire to the warmth of moderate fire. I fear, however, that wisdom will ba wanting both in England and Ireland. . . You are at liberty to make any use of this letter.—1 remain, your obedient servant, RUSSELL, His lordship's " endeavour to explain" is not successful. "What lie means is by no means clear. Perhaps, to avoid the contention by which he fears the energies of an Irish Parliament would be wasted, he would have a legislature in each province, and so " divert the forces" from national purposes to affairs of less importance, suitable for the consideration of an agricultural society or a parish vestry. Being so near to the bad example presented by the unruly scenes which have become common in the British House of Commons, the Speaker of an Irish Parliament might occasionally experience a little trouble in keeping good order; but he would nevertheless succeed, though the presence of some of the gentlemen who had graduated at St. James's might add to the difficulty of the task. IN a letter we have THE AIIGOB received from a corres- ON THE ITALIAN pondent on other busi* PEASANTRY. ness are a few remarks pertinent to the silly and shallow aspersion the Argus lately cast upon the education and intelligence of the Italian peasantry. Our correspondent writes on that subject:— A comparison might be instituted between the rural chaw-baconB of England and the "fine peasantry of Italy," as all intelligent writers style them. Aa for universal suffrage, the Argus and those for whom it speaks fear not the peasantry and the priests, but Garibaldi and Co. They know well enough that the priests and the majority of the people will have nothing to do with parliamentary elections, for they could not take part in them without recognising the rule of Victor Emmanuel. Admitting, however, the truth of their statement what about the sham plebiscites ? Clearly, if they did take an active part in politics under these conditions they would be in a large majority. They should be,'of course, if the plebiscites were not shams. If the ballot boxes were not stuffed, if ail the unfair devices that have been already expqsed were not employed to show a majorityforthe usurpere, then what reason could there be to fear that universal suffrage would endanger the present position of affairs P But the whole thing is a cheat, and those whdare sup- porting it know that it is so.• They con* found themselves when endeavonrihg to .bolster up its reputation, and whilfct protesting that it is honest and Bound, expose the fraud upon which it has been'built up, ithe corruptness upon which it exists, and the weakness and instability which belong to it. But we shall have still stronger proof of this before January,- 1874. j^vents in all directions point to that effect. The state of things in France in '89 n being repeated in Germany in 1873, and the prospects of tile former country are looking much brighter than they did. 