FROM SCONE TO SYDNEY, VIA WISEMAN'S FERRY. [FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER] Curiosity- will at times carry people a far way, I have read of somo inhabitants of Vermont, the greenest of the, green, following a waggon miles along a road to discover if the hind wheels would overtake the front ones. Perhaps it was a similar feeling induced me to travel overland from. Scone to Sydney. Many times and oft have I heard and read of the Wiseman's Ferry Road, the track that most of our bovine fodder passes over to the Sydney market-the road of diffi- culties and heartburnings to many an old hand in years gone by-men who cursed the work as every reluctant pick-stroke fell on the stubborn sandstone of the mountain cuttings. Hard were the times and hard the lines of the poor convict toilers fifty years ago ; poor rations, and heavy labour throughout tho day-the stockade at night. Poor unfortunates, their only hope, the promised leave ticket," their greatest dread, the "nine-tailed cat," 'which often took the place of a breakfast relish. Small crimes ia those days carried great punishments ; a sentence of fifty lashes was, by the giving justice, considered but a mere Flea-bito-mayhap the suffering recipient thought differ- ently. A road of blood and sweat, and yet withal a useful highway, ono that was much frequented ere the Northern rail line and Newcastle steamers furnished quicker and more convenient transit. Few travellors save drovers can now be met upon the once favourite track. From Scono to Musolobrook, sixteen miles, I rode along on the main road close to the fences of the rail line all the way. Tho steam-horse causes and desolation to the small villages he passes through ; in point of businoss it is ruin to tho stores and hostellies along tho road, for the " mon- ster" usurps nearly all traffic. Tho village of Aberdeen furnishes a melancholy instance of this, once a thriving little place, full of teamsters each night, horses and bul- locks in the accommodation paddocks, and travellers in the inns. Tho place now looks deserted, houses once tenanted and tidy form targets for tho village schoolboys, who try the effect of stones on roofs and windows, many of the latter evidence what capital shots the youngsters are. Musclebrook seems to be one of tho busiest towns along tho Northern line ; tho eastern and western traffic through it is extensive, and the business people do not grumble, which is a remarkably good sign. From the town I had a I rido of about twenty-two miles by bush tracks to Jerry's Plains, a village rather straggling in appearance, situated in tho heart of a splendid pastoral and agricultural country. Looking east from it the view of the river (the Hunter) and the mountains beyond is really charming. Jerry's Plains may be regarded as a roadside village with a population of about two or three hundred squatters, fanrmers, and dealers in live stock. The feed around at the time of my visit was really first-class ; the paddocks along the river may bo considered truly fattening ones, and travelling stock could rest in a far worso place than on the Plains. I now tako the cattle road and seven miles on pass through tha small village of Cockfightors' Creek a neat little place with a limited population, principally dependent on farming. A steam mill stands on the creek, and in the village, tho principal building is tho Public school, a very nent one on a good site. Sixteen miles over a sandy cleared road brings me to tho\e township of Broke, on the Wollombi Creek. Here I found a mill busy at work, and an industrious but poor farming population. The Church of England does service as a schoolroom ; the attendance is small and the master good. Neither the prospects nor appenrance of Broko are at all cheering ; indeed I found It as dull a locality as ever I rested in. My road now lay along tho Wollombi Brook through a pretty farming country, with homesteads dotted along at every mile or so, and very pretty homesteads some of them are The road follows tho creek, which winds its way through hills The flats on eiither side of the stream widen out at parts, and furnish fine alluvial flats for cultivation. The hills are well timbered the wattle grows abundant!) Its bark forms a trade for the holders of the creek pro perties Some facetious individuals term this tanning re quisite "Wollombi wool'. Convict labour did good service on the side cuttings along tho way, and the road is still in a good state ot presvation About twenty miles from Broke I made the town of Wollombi, a substantial, petty, and prospeious place, within easy distance of Mat land I did not mako any delay in the town as time was press ing, but short as my stay was, I found much to admire within its precincts. The principal buildinga are the churches, neat stone structuios, tbe court house and tele graph station The stores, hotels, and private residents are all of a good class, and the business people seem a thriving, bristling lot. My next day's stays being a long one, I had to mako a push along to tho nearest hotel from "Wollombi. Daunts, 5 milos on the road there, I made a halt for the night A lovely ride of 40 miles across the mountains to Wiseman's Ferry, forming anything buy a pleasing prospect foir the coming morrow, it was with joy 1 hailed the arrival of two travellers at the hotel who were bound tho same wat. They Seemed glad, and 1 know I was, for the chance of company, and in the morning with lighthearts we pushed along, had breakfast at mr. Wiseman's (grandson of tbe gentleman that the road is named iafter) and as tho morning fogs cleared away were at the hill base; Gradually we ascended by a well made road up the road a mountain spur for about 1000 feet, when the level top was reached; the way then becomes easy enough for horse- men, but rather too sandy for laden drays. the range ran îrregulnarly, still tend to tho south, forming a series of zig-zigs, or Letter S, right along the course. The hillside are almost bare of grass-what little vegetation does spring out has barely time to display matunty tthrough the stock conlinunlly travelling the road. Down the gulches or gullies water can be obtained, and in many places good spings send a clear stream across the track . Distances along are marked by posts to repeat a joke or bull all the , mile stones are made of wood This was a piece of bad judgement. for the timber, now rotten, affords but little chance of deciphering the figures thereon On about 17 miles we pass Hungry Flat, aptly named, and bare of grass as the palm of a hand, water is there, however, and it forms a camping ground . Mj comppanions and I determined not to dine at the flat but make a bettei place ten miles on boasting the euph- nious appellation ' Frog s Hollow '-an old stockade in due time we reached the landof the croakers, a a deep dell to the right of the road, descended, hobbled our steeds and boiled our quart pot Twenty seven miles on our journey and had not met a livng thing, with one exception - that was a hen a ,deserter from some dealers coop, One thing We had met with - án appetite'; tho mountain air is very bracing and destructive on provisions: Our frugal meal and spell an hour, and off we were again on a road be com ing more picturesque and interesting every mile. Past, Dennis's Pinch, on our left, a spot where a poor convict had to take to the trees for days through native dogs, and we commence to zigzag down, tho cuttings becoming heavier and huge walls protecting tho road sides. Those culverts and outer walls must havo taken many years to complete ; some of them are fully 100 feet from tho road's edgo to there base The scenery from the road beceme wild, bold, and magnificant, the Macdonald and Hawkesbury rivers below, ot their junction, calm and placid, guarded by towering and rugged cliffs. Wiseman's Forty is in sight ; on the opposite bank stands the gardens and house once known as Wiseman's, the ruins of a church and a telegraph station. A monster mast, 90 feet high, from which the wire is stretched across, ís a noticable object, and helps to diversify the scene. Before reaching tho ferry, we pass the famous Judgment Seat, a hollowed rock on tho left, which forms a natural chamber and canopy ; there, in days gone by, the Justice sat to consider complaints against the " old hands " on the road, and mete out punishments-the stone steps from the road to tho seat aro still intact. The punt at last is reached just as the sun is setting, a Mild exercise of the vocal powers brings the boatman across, and in a short time our steeds and selves are afloat. It is a long pull, about a quarter of a mile ; hand worked punts aro not as a rulo remarkable for speed ; the Wise- man's Ferry one is by no means a fast one of its class, but still safe. , Cottlo as a rule when crossing swim tho stream, the puntman and assistants) with boats guiding them to {be opposite bank, for tho privilege of the bath the owners of tbe beasts have to pay 3d. per head ; this is far too heavy a charge, and causes much grumbling; in fact, many have taken other lines simply to evade tho toll. I cannot blame the punt-keeper in the matter, the law admits it, and he is bound to make all that law allows. A change might be made In this case for the better, one penny per hoad would bo quite sufficient. Wiseman's Ferry was a stirring place two score years ago. Solomon Wisonmn then inhabited the houso now used as an hotel. To furnish on idea of what the ferry-house was, I take an extract from that useful work, " Reminiscences of Thirty Years' Residence in New South Wales," by R Therry, Esq. " To return to my earlier experiences of Circuit riding. On the first of my three days' ride to Maitland I arrived at the house of Solomon Wiseman, a well-known Government contractor, whose comfortablo residence occupied a beauti- ful spot on the river Hawkesbury, commanding a fine view of tho mountain ranges, and of the gently-flowing Mac- donald River in the distance. There was no hotel in the neighbourhood ; and at this period it was a privilege for any Iravollcrgto expect and receive hospitality at what- ever place he might halt at the end of his day's journey. On this occasion I was particulairy fortunate in my host. He was quite a character-a person of great natural shrewdness and of considerable prosperity, for he was then engaged in tho fifth year of a contract with the Govern- ment for supplying provisions to convicts who worked upon tho roads, that brought him an income of from £3000 to £4000 a year. His coming to tho colony had originally been occasioned by a difference of opinion with the Cuslom-house officers of tho lsle of Wight as to the mode of landing: spirits and cigars, his opinion being favourable to the night time as best suited to tho purpose Be this as it may, his conduct in the colony was industrious, and his character for probity irreproachable. I saw him often afterwards, but never without a telescope in his hand, with which ho kept a look-out for travellers as they descended the mountain pass on the opposite sido of the river to his home. He gave all a friendly greetlng." Judge Therry's first clicuit was in the year 1830 ; the Wiseman's Ferry Road was then completed-the only one at that time to Maitland. Solomon Wiseman's house was then (if I judge from what it if? now) a fine building, with entrance gates surmounted by a lamp, pillars on each side bearing the Australian Arms in stone; a fine garden; a large dwelling, granaries and stabling at the back, and all requirements for comfort and convenience. The stone wall surrounding the gaiden still stands, but the cultivated patch is going to weeds. Portions of tho emu and kanga- roo, fino specimens of sculpture, still occupy the gate- posts ; the outbuildings are in a state of ruin-all going to decay ! Wisemun now lies in a vault beneath tho stone church hard by, which he himself when in life founded. Report has it that the old houso is haunted by the ghost of the former owner ; report, I am glad to write, lies under a grave mistake ; I slept in the mansion and found no spirits to annoy me, save those dispensed from the bar by the landlord, and they rather cheered mine that were drooping, It is a sad sight, this fine old place, crumbling to decay ; many a jolly night was passed beneath its roof-tree, for high and low were welcome at all times to bed and board, from the Governois down, who used to grace the festive gatherings of Solomnn Wi.semnn. . ' Seven and twenty miles to Windsor, along a road hot much cut up by traffic, I made a halt at Mr. Arnell's homestead '* Caddai," close to the river. What a scene of flood desolation Windsor distiict affords, ruins of houses and farms, damnged crops, and shattered hopes'. Poor farmers, struggle how they may, the rushing . turbulent waters prove too strong ; capital and labour all fall boforc "the angry torrent. 'It is amazing to a stranger, when standing on high ground close to the Hawkesbury, to hear of spots around being submerged by floods ; yet inspection soon removes his doubts, for there are the marks too plainly to be seen. The deserted houses, washed-down fences, orchards laid waste, the trees having been carried down by the stream, all illustiate the tale of truth. There is something to admire, and yet something to congure? in the indominatable perseverance displayed by tho farmers of tho district ; truly, it requiies patience and courage to set in again on these flood-ravaged patches. Perhaps it would be better to devote the district to pastoral uses ; many adviso the adoption of the latter course. It is hard to abandon such a splendid agricultural soil, so good that seven years' immu- nity from floods is a fortune to the tiller ; but better far to trust no moro the treacherous river. From Windsor I reached Sydney by rail, and concluded my north-western trip. 