TALES. WRECKED IN PORT. (from an american rAl'm'.). I never set out licro to the mouth of the harbor, anchored or becalmed (your lino's taut, sir i), or similarly or otherwise at my leisure to take a fair squint inwards at the town, hut I wonder what it may he like to go stark, staring mad: If you'll haul in a mite taster, now, it u uo uciavi wi and just as well for the fish. That's about it. I've noticed it about our cod, they know when I take gentlemen out, as well as I know myself. They'll take ndvantago of you, if they can, most any day. Maybo it's a professional preference, or a political, I'm sure I couldn't say. I'd bo willing to grant a Gloucester cod his choice of either, and then admit that he might have a mixed motive to bottom of it. It's natural enough, brought up as they are from infaucy ou tho iishery question, with views more or less do. cided and distinct. A littlo bluo you aro about tho mouth, sir. I'd lay down, if I was you. It's better for you, and quite as well for the fish, as I said before, and I'm quito used to it, bless you. When it is too rough for gentlemen outside, and it very often is, I always say : " Just lay down and take it easy, and leavo the cod to me." Ho takes as many pound home to his wife, come night, I reckon, aud nobody tho wiser for it, aud who'll ask ques. tioiis? Not me, nor yet tho cod. How docs that go ? Thero ! When there's a mite less embarrassment between yourself, sir, and your stomach, I'll explain to you the feeling I had occasion to mention about tho harbor mouth, and looking inwards at the town. Well — and yet it ain't so easy to explain. Most things ain't. I'vo told it times enough, and yet not tho whole of it either. There aro folks, you know, you con talk to, and again thero aro folks you can't. There aro boarders in the littlo ball cham ber, not to mention names, I would'nt tell Jib Honcko's story to, not for a week's board out-right ; but a pleasant way, sir, and an honest, as between man and roan, and no complaining of the coffee, and not staying the dories in regardless, because they ain't your own, and a kind of forethought for the cabbages if tho garden lays between you and tho batliing- housc, why, that's a different thing. You'll remember of hearing of tho grent gale of 1839? No! You don't say? It's a surprising thing to me how ignorant folks are in tho country. There aro some smart men como from the country too. We wer0 booked for Boston when tho great gale of '39 came up. It was tho last voyage I took to Boston. Fact is, I may as well own it, was tho last voyage I took anywhere. I wasn't born with a reef-knot between my fingers, never boarded a fishing smack that I did'nt feel I'd as lief's bo boarding my coffin, and that gale made a land-lubber of mo once for all. Wo cleared from Wiscasott, along about the first week of December, in tho schooner Pansie, with a cargo of lath and piles. Wo had about fifty thousand feet of lath aboard. Griggs was our cap'n. Ho belonged in Wiscasett. He had his mother aboard. Shu was an old lady, ovor seventy yoars old. He was taking her to Boston to spend the'wiutor with her daughter. "Tho old lady enjoys it, having thes0 fair blows," says ho one day to Haneko, standing aft. "She isn't much of a sailor." ' "Did you ever see a woman that was?" asked Haneko. Jib Hancko was mate. "Well, I don't know," says tho cap'n. I have," says I, and so I had. But she wasn't aboard i the 'Pansie that trip, thank heaven, and it wasn't necessary to specify where she was, as I remarked to Jib when lie iliade tho inquiry. She wont to tho Banks with me oueo along with her father, who was skipper of tho smack. You won't believe, to see her turning over' a griddle- cake or a cruller now, what a sailor she was. She hauled a catch as big as mine right along any day ; tho only thing she failed upon was taking out the vitals. It was while I was at work on tho vitals of her mackerel to spare her tender eyes that I first began to think of her. She was down to Calais, visiting a cousin of hers, when I took that trip to Boston. The skipper's mother was a kind of cute old lady to see round. She set on deck most every day, mending up Griggs' shirts. She set the world by Griggs. Sho used to stop me most every time I happened round, and say : "My son's taking me to Boston to spend tho winter with my daughter. He said it shouldn't cost me nothing. My daughter's children have got the whooping-cough, aud sho thought she'd like to have mo come." Then tho next time I came along sho had it over — "My son's takiug mo to Boston. Ho said it shouldn't cost mo nothing. My daughter's children have got the whooping- cough " — jnst. tho same. Some of the boys laughed at tho old lady; but I couldu't, soma way, she looked so cute, sitting up there on deck, mending Griggs' shirts. Jib Hancko used to play backgammon with her foot that the old woman could nlnv backgammon more'n a monk-fish, but she thought sho could, aud that amounted to the same thing, as it does with most of us in most things), and find her knitting- needles for her, and set her up easy with her shawls in tho suuny spots among tho piles. Jib set almost as much by the skipper as the old lady did herself. He and Griggs had run this coast together, master and mate, some half a dozen years ; they always were agreeable to one another's women folks ; at least Griggs would have been, no doubt, but T.'h i« _ir i« wiu ijuu ub auy uiuisuu — uu& u, living woman. Ho courted a girl oneo down our way, up to Sfjuam ; sho was washed off tho rocks at Little Good Harbor, at a picnic, one day ; I never heard of any other. Before the trip was over, I was glad of it too. I'vo heard that's where Griggs got tho name of that schooner, but I can't say. All I know is, that was tho given name of the young woman —Pansie ; and sho was painted about the time of the funeral. Griggs was a polite fellow about such things. _ I don't believe you'll ever see a nicer day, sir, this side of heaven, than I saw aboard thoPansieonSaturday, the 14th day of Decem ber, 1839, It blow from sou'-son'-west as softly as a woman singing to a baby. There were clouds, a few of them, of color like mother-of- pearl, curling at tho edges like a shell, and tho noon warmed up warm as a May-day overhead. Some of the boys went in for a swim, it looked so warm. Tho old lady sat on deck without her extra shawls, and the skipper was afraid she'd take cold. " You'll be in Boston to-morrow, God willing, mother," says the skipper (the skipper, was a pious man at times, a Metho dist,) "and I d be sorry to take you iu all lioarsed up, Keziah would think I hadn't taken good care of you." Upon this the old lady pipes up again : " My sou will take mo into Bostou to-mor- row. Kcziah's children havo got the whoop ing cough, and she'd thought she'd like to see mo !" I noticed Griggs putting on her shawl for her lb4f tho afternoon ; tho old lady dropped it oil', And dropped it off : finally Jib Haneko got a little Blnnglo nail and pinned it to gether for her through the fringe. It was on toward five o'clock that I saw the mate stand talking in a confidential way alone in the stern witii the skipper. Except when under orders, ho was on very confi dential terms with Griggs. He nods, and Griggs nods, and Hancko points to tho sou'- cast, and tho skipper nods again, and walks the deck a bit, and stops to ask tho old lady how she feels, and back again to the mate ; but I couldn't make head nor tail of them until six o'clock, when -we got an order to tack and put into Gloucester over night. Tho captain didn't like the luoks of tho sou'-east j thought' thero was an ugliness, more or less, in it ; may bu there was mis chief ahead, and maybe there wasn't ; having his mother aboard, ho thought he'il bo on tho safe side ; any way, there was tho order : into Gloucester over night. We got it round among us, by degrees, as we rounded Eastern Point — it's never any nonsense rounding Eastern Point — and sulky enough we were about it, too. One of the lads had a young one with the croup in Boston, he'd counted on seeing by Sunday nigbt. Couple of 'em had tickets to a dance in a mariner's tavern. Most of 'em wanted liquor. One of 'em, his namo was Ben Bumper, snid, "D — n the old ladv !" Next minute he lay on deck for it, flat as griddle-cake. He didn't count on the mate's being round when be made tho observation. Jib Haneko was a littlo man with a squint eye ; hut when his lilnwl was up ho looked more like a likeness I'vo seen of Giant Des pair, .in a book called the Pilgrim's Progress, than any other man alive 1 ever come across. Well, so wo put into port, and anchored — just about there ; 110, a littlo further to your right ; just heyoml that red buoy where you see tho very young gentleman's dory tied to fish, aiul tho young lady in the red jacket screeching at the bait. That was about half- past six. It had freshened up a little, but no more than you'd expect of any high-spi rited December evening. Half-a-dozen of tho lads wanted to put over into Fresh Water Covo for a lark ; but Griggs was obstinate as a mule ; he kept all hands aboard, and mad as hornets. Wo had neighbors plenty by niuo o'clock, but none too many. There s always shipping enough runs in for a night's lodging to Glou cester ; .always was, even iu those days. Griggs brought tho old lady up to seo the lights of tho harbor — by which wo meant the town there, same as we mean is new — and the twinkle of the shipping, red as blood and green ns grass, to starboard and to port, while sailing in ; and the pale (lame color of the lanterns swinging on the anchored craft. But tho old lady only said she'd rathor her son would take her into Boston, and sho was afraid her daughter's children would sit up late for her, and that was very bad for children with the whooping counli. It was about midnight that the blow stood up — about midnight between the Saturday and the Sunday of the 14th and the 15th days of December, 1839. From that hour until Tuesday morning there was no rest in the heavens above, nor the earth beneath, nor tho waters under tho earth, for the soul nor for tho body of any of them that go out on shijis and down into the sea along this Massachusetts coast ; and though 1 say it that shouldn't, being a good citizen, and voting the straight Republican ticket year in and out, it's the awfullcst, cruellest, coldest coast I ever trusted to the mercy of, or tho honor of, or the fellow-feeling of, from the time I iiist set foot on sliix>bonrd to this day. If you look over the eastern light there you'll sco how it must have struck that sheer wall of rock ou tho fresh water side. It struck as straight as an arrow from tho sou'east. And as sharp. It was_ more the sharpness than tho heft at tho beginning. It snowed a little, too, in a sleety way ; that's tho worry of n gale. I'd rather it would rain a deluge. Howsoever, being at anchor, and in port, we thought no more of it than to own tho the skipper knew his business as well' as we did, and to chaff Ben Bumper on that little remark of his concerning the old latly, at spare minutes, until the morning. All the solemn, roaring, blinding night, the ships come scudding in from open sea for shelter. I watched them, being aloft to se cure the to'gallant sail against a wrench of any kind, with a serious feeling in my mind I coudn't have found ' reasons to explain. They wore so still about it, and se many ; it occurred, to my thoughts toward morning that they were unusually many, and tho blood-red lanterns that have struck your fancy so, sir, smoking off the rocks by my house of a quiet evening, gave me a notion that was most surprising about wouuded creatures that the roeks had gored. When thu Sunday morning lifted, the masts wore, thick as mosquitoes at a lighted window, all up and down tho harbor. Tho sky was dull as death. Off over the paint, along by Niles' woods thero, a little palish streak lay, of a sort of salmon color, and with an unpleasant twitch across it, like a winking man. Oil account of the swinging of tho schooner, and tho swinging of our neighbors, and tho slope of the swell before thu oyes, all Gloucester shores seemed waltz ing in a horrid waltz, and what was curious about it wus to see tlium waltzing to the time heat by the Sunday church- bells. They rang at half-past nine at tho harbor, and I could see folks, like specks, stir through the icy spray to go to meeting. I oouldu t help wondering that inorning'if any of them said their prayers for folks at sea. Not that wo looked for any mischief .at that hour, and who ever thought to pray for folks in port? It blow all tho morning and it blow all the afternoon. Tho skipper enmo up about dinner timo, and says the mate: "I wish I had the old lady ashore to-day." But we could havo got to China ns easy as wo could have got ashore — some three or four boats' length — on to tho awful rocks of Frusk Water covo that Sunday noun. Yes, sir, it looks still enough over there now, and green and soft, and kindly to the cyo ; and the foam against tho rocks falls and rises in a pleasant manner, much liko the muslin curtain, I often think, that hangs in our big parlor window. See how Half-way rock looms to-day ? And tho purple color that hangs on Norman's Woe ? You should have walked up and down Niles' beach and looked at Norman's Woo on that Sunday noon the 15th of Dccombor, 1839. They said it looked liko the mouth of the bottom less pit ; and that tho spray rolled up liko smdke. By 2 o'clock they'd began to go ashore. A brig and two schoonors broke there in tho Sunday daylight before our eyes. One smashed to splinters just .above us here. Shu was from Mount Desert ; I forgot tho namo. Ail old man and his three boys went down. I could seo them dropping off liko Hies. You see the rigging froze so, and everything you touched glazed over and slipped up. It blew all the afternoon and it blew all the cvuu- iuff- . ' . . . A little to the fore of midnight, tho skipper sent Hancko below after the old lady. Jib broucht her 1111. and thnv tied her to the mainmast, with a tippet she was knitting for her daughter's children, nnd almost broke her heart. Griggs would havo her on dock and handy. Heaven nor earth couldn't tell, ho said, what would como next. "Good God!" says lie, "if this goes on, wo shall go down at anchor liko a baby's raft !" To say that that two-hundred-and-fifty- tomier just swashed sir, liko tho chips your're throwing in this minute ain't to say any thing about it.. To say that wo couldn't tell ono minute from another, whether we stood on our keel or our mainmast, ain't to givo you an idea. To say how the gale put arms under us, and clutched us in, and then stepped back an awful step ortwo, over Eastern Poiut, and down with its head, and bunted at us, aud up with its shoulders, and h'isted us along, dead against the roek, ain't to express or to imply it. To say that at midnight of that Sunday night, all hell opened under Gloucester harbor, is to draw upon your imagination, Sir ; but it's tho best I can do. Fivo minutes after twelve, tho cry camo uj> : "We've slipped our anchor!" Fivo minutes more and wo wero on the roeks. "If wo don't swamp before we've time to break," cries the skipper, "there's chance for a rope. Volunteers for a rope, my lads !" For folks wero upon tho shoro from the village, and cries came up, and every time the sound cut through tho thunder, and Pansie leaped as if she would answer to it, and rammed herself between tho teeth of tho breakers liko a wedire. Wo looked at one another, but no man stirred. Said Ben Bumper, " D n a rope I" Said Jib Hancko, slowly, "I guess I'll go." But tho skipper turned round ; says lie : "I'd go myself. Anyhow; I won't send yon, Jib.\ Who'll hold out' tho old lady if I don't get aerost?" "I'll hold out' the old lady," said Jib Hancko, slow as ever ; " hut I'd ruthor go myself, Cap'n Griggs." "Hold youi tongue!" roared Griggs through tho bellow of the blast. "I woiflt send you if nobody goes, Jib Hancko ! If I don't get aerost, you bold out' the old lady, will you, Jib?" "Ay, ay, sir," says Jib, "And if I do get' aerost, you'll hold out' the old lady, will you, Jib ? She's to como over first, you uuderstand — do you, Jib?" "Ay, ay, sir," says Jib. With that the skipper slops up and kisses tho old lady, before us all-ouou on one check, and once on the other. "Good by, mother !" says he. Hut tiro old lady only wrung her hands and said they spoil'd Chnrlu3 Henry's tippet, and sho was very cold. Well, so Griggs set off with the rope, It was an ugly job. Twice we thought he u gone, and three times we thought he'd gone, and oneo the mate struck his fists together so the blood come from his knuckles. " The rope's parted," said he. But next minute through the hellish noise we heard the skipper's voice, and saw, through the thin and broken line of lanterns that folks held on shore that the rope lay over safe and sound. Now, would you liclicvo it, sir, that after that, that old creature wouldn't hudgo -an inch ? I declare it makes me feel bad to think of it to this day. " Come, mother," says Jib Hancko, hurrying her up in a gentle way, for we wero terribly strained aud mangled, and no time to lose. But she sat and Wrung her hands — quito crazed by fright and cold, and crying out — "My son's carrying me to Boston to spend tho winter with my daughter ! He said it shouldn't cost mo nothing ! My daughter's children have got the whooping-cough." Do our best, we couldn t stir ncr, niue nor hair. Lord A'uiighty ! said Jib Haucko. But after that he held his tongue. He went and sat down by the old lady, and untied lior tippet from her, and put his anns around her. Tho cargo leaped and struck at them in plunging over. I saw blood upon his head and face. He wiped it ofl with his lee elbow, so the old lady shouldn't see it. Ho sat crouched up a little to keep the timber off from her, I take it, with his head and shoulders out — so. Well, wo went and left them, sir. What else could we do? Ben Bumper was the first. Half way ovor ho cried out and dropped. What lie did wo never know— whether ho was struck or slipped, or froze, or what it was. Borne of the lads said it was for damning the ohl lady. But I don't know. All I know is ho iust cried out and dropped. Yes, we left 'em, him and tho old lady, sitting side by side. I felt as mean as Lucifer. I called out good-by to him, and how mean I felt. But tho blast blew his answer the other way. I saw his lips move, but I lost tho words, I licnrd tho old lady though as I swung off. You could have heard her in purgatory if you'd been so far« She piped ujj like a weasel- "My son's carrying me to Boston ! Ho said it shouldn't cost me nothing " I heard her till I got near shore. Griggs didn't, himself. He was chilled or frozen, or something of that kind, and in a kind of faint, they said. I was mighty glad of it, I must say. The old creature did pipe up so ! We stood oh the roek aud watched them, well as we could see them through the heating of the blow. I bad a feeling as if my eyes were beaten in my head. I put both hands up to hold 'em in. I saw Hancko trying to tie a life-preserver on to the old lnily. The other boys didn't. But I did. Ho' tried to tie it on, and she sat and wrung her hands. I don't suppose I heard her, but I'd have sworn I did, a-piping up : " Ho said it shouhl'nt cost 111c nothing." Hancko stood up. I saw that. Ho stood looking straight ahead. J. thought ho had a grand Took, being at a distance where you missed tiro squinting of His eye. , And ho stood so tall, sir, on that wreck, as tall as I stand to-day, which is six foot three in my stockings. I suppose when a mail's courting his wife lie thinks more of sucli things quite natural; but I could'nt help thinking, when 1' saw Jib Haneko standing there, of that young woman down to Squam. If she'd been down to Calais visiting a cousin now, it would havo seemed a pity. And I wondered if he thought of it, how ho and the Pansio were going down together by themselves. Next minute .there came the awfullcst, longest, horridest cry I ever listened to on land or sea. Whether it was the old lady as She struck water, or whether it was tho skipper coming to nnd seeing tho Pansie's head light out or whether it was the devils below or tho angels above, I couldn't tell you to this day. I. don't think you could understand, sir, unless you'd been through it yourself, what a feeling it gives a man to fall and slip, slip and fall, clutch and cling, and drop plumb down a wall of rock like that — all ice beneath you and about you — and squeeze your feet into a littlo ledge you know of, and jam your fingers into a little crack above your head, to save a human creature if so bo it washes up against you, and see the lath and piles come thundering in. To sec 'em rear and strike, and topple over, and splinter up like tea-cups, and suck under and slip ofl'. To hear the noise they made in hitting, and to mistake 'em for human lcg3 and anns, and grab at them, and lose your balance and duck your head as tliey como crashing up. Nor yet to dodgo a bundle of lath, carried shoulders over on ono awful wave, and find you'd dodged a human body, sir, and it was banging up against the cliff like a sea-weed, before your very eyes. Well, I dodged him just that way ; then I sprang on him, then I lost him, then I had him, I couldn't tell you how — by the hair, by tho leg, by tho collar, all ways no ways, ho was very slippery. It was a very slippery feeling I had, what with him and the icc. Yes. Oh ! yes. They got us up. I wasn't much hurt myself. I don't know how it happened about Hancko. He lay such a dead weight 1 suppose. There was a hole there in the rock. You could see it if we wero nigh enough. None too big for a man's body. They had to pull him through. Twice they hail him and ho slipped. Ho was aw fully jammed! Well, the Monday morning camo at last, I had a feeling all the night as if tho sun would never rise again. But Monday morn- : ing come liko other Monday mornings, and folks luing out their washing all along tho shoro. But it was tho awlullest Monday morning, 'sir, that ever Gloucester knew. All tho shore from Pavilion beach thero to Nor man's Woo, was covered with wreck, washed up like pebbles on tho hoach. All up aud down the harbor ruins of boats lay rocking iu tiro wind. Somo went to shoro as wo did, and cracked on tiro rocks, dead weight ; - somo got speared in thu breakers ; some drifted off to sea ; many of 'em just went dowu at their anchors, with the lights of tho town in their faces, or. swamped before striking tiro rocks. Fifty crafts went to pieces in that harbor, and fifty men went to the bottom before the lilnwwnq nvnr. Tho harbor lay a solid sheet of foam that day, from end to end. From its having such a white and shining look it made mc think about tho Sea of Glass we read of, sir. I thought of it when I saw them drag tho bodies up, and the |)oor fellows' faces turned up on tho snow. And I wondered if their ghosts were walking up anil down the channel in the winter morning, playing haips. It soemcd such freezing work. All along tho coast and in Boston Bay, and off Cairo Cod, it was an awful blow. But Glou- r><»sfnr rrrif. flio. 1ciiiiflr1r>K nf it. The old lady came ashore that morning- We hauled her up and carried her into a littlo shed there was about there, and covered her o.vor with a bed-quilt before the skipper saw her. Wo never, found Ben Bumper. Tho mato camo to about dawn ; that is to say, as- much as Jim Hancko will ever come to, this side of tho place where the young woman from Squam had gone to (for which, if I'd been a pious man, I should have thanked the God of sea aud shore). It wouldn't have been a pleasant job for her riding over in tho wind four miles that morning, to sec the cuts ho had about the head, and the look. You see tho jam was all about the head. He wanned him up, and rubbed liim up, and cheered him up, aud Griggs paid tho doctor seventy-five cents for feeling of his pulse ; but it was no mortal use. Ho Bat as crazy as a loon in the kitchen of the house we took him to, chattering about that ohl lady, aud saying how he'd held on, until I wished for one lro'd gone to the bottom with her himself. It seemed to me that would have been an arrangement much more agreeable to tho young woman from Squam — if she has her preference iu her existing residence — than the present. Not but what Griggs has paid his board quite regularly, aud been to inquire about lain at tho Asylum twice a year then and eyer since. Aud he's peaceable too, aud very happy in his mind; they say, and sncuds his tiuro in whittling lSttlo figure-heads for ships, with the name ot' l'ansio underneath, iu xmrplc ink, dune with a iiue steel peu. Wo didn't mean him "to get into that shed that uiuming, but lie g.st iu somehow ; took 'us all by surprise, and at our wit's end for him. It was a dreadfully bleak littlo oxtun shed, and the ohl lady looked uncommonly cold, even considering tho oircumstauces. Gri"2s was sittin" bv her with his hat jam- med on his eyes. Two or three of us were about, standing in thojdoor. Hancko walks in with his head in its bandages, whito and bloody, straight to Griggs. " Well, Griggs," says ho " I held on tho old lady." " Bo you did, Jib," says Griggs, staring. " I'm glad she looks so comfortable," says Jib, smiling around tho shed. " But I think youil better take her where its a little wanner, cap'n, when she can he moved. I told you I'd hold on, Griggs !" Folks say ho sits saying that now, to this very day, I hold on, Cap'n Griggs ! I told you I'd liohl on !" over and over to him self, and always smiling round. Sometimes, when I'm lying off hero at tho harbor's throat on a quiet day, I wouder whether it isn't hotter to he Jib Hancko — in a mad house — holding on and smiling round, than it is' to bo mo or you, sir, or the most of folks that I'm acquainted with. When I'm out here by myself, with tho great sea calm below nie, anil the great sky still above me, I somotjjics think it is, sir ; I think it is with nil my heart. But when I get home to my wife and sit down of au evening, I ain't so sure, aud so it goes. 