CONSECRATION OP TUB ROMAN CATHOU' j B üHOP OF ADELAIDE. 9 I (From Hie South Aastralian Register.) j On Sunday, Novonibsr 2, many South Australiana had an opportunity of witnessing one of the moat Im- pressive ceremonUU of the tioman Catholio Church, au event whioh may bo seen perhaps but onoe in a lifetime, and whioh certainly will not easily be forgotten by tho-o who were spectators on tho oooaaion. The advance- ment of a priest to tho'dignlty of the epiaoopatu must always be regarded as a ctrcumstanos nf importance, and chis being the first time In the history of the diocese of Adelaide that tho ohief pastor of the Komtsh Church hero has been consecrated amongst his flooï, gave adllttonal interest to tho event. Thia was lnt<m sifiod by the presónos of tho Venerable Kornau C.Uho'.io Pilmate of Australia and three prelates from thu E'S lor colonies, who f. rmod such un assemblage of tho pillars of the Church aa has never beforo been seen in th's province. ... The aolomn sot of consecration took place at St Francis X wier's Cathedrrl, beforo a crowded con- gregation, Uoludiug many members of othor denomi- nations. There wore no decorations ia tho bu'ldlng beyond the gallery and pulpit b¿iug drayed with orlat- ' son, but tho panels of tho ohanoal have lately baan repainted In a chaste and appropriate style, and the altar waB adorned with flowers. At 10 o'cloak a procession entered. First came a bay bearing a largo gilt oross, followed by about thirty acolytea in aoarlet and white, preceding tho Venerable Archdeacon Russell, master of the coromouloa ; tho v Rev-. P. Keogh, assistant; tho Rev. Dr. O'Connor (Sydney), M Hager, T Bon^norts, vj. Von der Hoyden, J. Qalolan, P. Mooro, P. Hughes, J. Maher, M. O'Connor, and J. O'äu'livan ; Messrs. Williams, Carroll, and Petzell. Next appeared tho assistant comecrators, Dr, Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, with his ohaplaln, the Kev. P. Kent, ody; Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, and his chaplain, tho Riv. P. O rooran. Tho prelates were attired in mitres and magnificent copes of cloth of gold, the upper portion einbroi lered with flowers in natural colours. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Mait- land, was attended by the Kov. Father Bourko as chaplain, and had on tho ordinary purple of n Bishop. The Archbishop (tho coneucratoi), who was preceded by an acolyte bearing his silver pastoral »tull followed, attired in vestments of black satt», and sup- ported by his chaplain', Fathers Oolletti nf Sydno-, nndStrelo S.J. At tho 1 at came the Blah Bh-ot, tho Very Rev, O. A. Keynolda, wearing, his .irotta and robed Inac->po cf wlilto moire antique, <*-o ked with flowers and fringed with sold. -His abapl t .0 waru thu Very Rev. F. Byrne and tue Kov. J. Tappuner, S.J. Entering the sanctuary, the organ playing the mean- while, the Metropolitan waa conducted to bia throno ai d robed for Masa, tho vestments Including a tun'.o of rlah laoe and a cream-coloured satin obsis'.-ble, tho oroaa in whiah was jewelled, and a Gjthlo mitro. Ho thtn seated hi js«lf befero tho ul car, und tho Bishop Eleot waa oonductjd beforo him hy tb 1 assistant bishops; nnd as all the different ofuola'i took up their positions, tho acsno, temper d b, tao sub- dued light whioh came through th* statued gloss windows, WAS very Imposing. Toe aaautt ants havlug demaaded in Latia (whlou was tho language throughout tho proo^edings) conaecttion for the Eleot, the oonsoorator s notary (tho Rev F. Ry rao) read the apostolic mandate nuthor.'alng lt. Thu Bishop Elaot, kneeling beforJ tho Conseorator, took he oath of spiritual fealty and objdtenaa af tar whioh, iu r-ply to au examination from tho Oonsoorator, ho p nv ised to bend his understanding to the moaning of dlvn . Scrip- tum and oonform to it, to teaeh tho people both I y word and example, to keep tho traditions of th-j u. thodox fathers, to restrain lils conduct from ovil, to obaorvo oharity and sobriety, to abstain from earthly busluoss, to observe and teach humility, and to 01 com- passionate to n'l in need. Next followed un -x tarina tlonasto discipline of tho Church on matto.'s LÍ faith. The hlecttheu kissed the hand of the Const, /..-.tor on his knees, and the Cons-orator, laying aside h's mitro, turned to tho altar, and bogan tho confíteor or con- fession of faith. Whilst tho Mass was bol-g pro- ceeded with, the assistants lod Father Reynol <* t> hil own chapel, where, taking off hts cope, ho was vested wita fu'l ctnon'cals. His soutane was of purplo silk, with lese tunio and white and gold ohrsuble of elogt-nt workmanship. Afttr reading lhoMasa down to tho samo point ri the Conseor<«tor, ho returned to the middle, altar, where tho Consecrator prayed for tho blessing} of God upon him. Tho dignitaries proa tra1 sd thom. selves whtlo the Litany of tho Saints was sung, and at " Wo beseech theo to hear us," the Consaorator rose, and making the sign of tho cross three timoi over the Eleot, besought Gjd to bless, snnotify, and oonseorato him. TU» Litxny ended, thu I! shop Eleot knelt down -the book of the Gospols being held open on his nook and shoulders. The Conseorator and a-siatnnta touch- ing his heal aa'.i', " Keoelve tho Holy Ghost," af tor whioh tho Oonsecrator ottered up thanks, and prayed that the graces whioh oharmod tho nye, and were pro figured in hit varioty of ornaments and costly apparel, might appear in . the co i duct ot the Eleot. The "Youl Creator " Laving been intoned, tho Conseorator anointe i the head of tho Elect, and prayrd that ho might be endowed with every grace ami powor. Thon tho Conseorator began the antiphon, "Lko ointment on the hoad that rundown upon tho beard of Anion, which ran down to the skirt of his garment, tho Lord hath oommanded blessing for ever," and tho 132nd Psalm was said. Tho hunda of tho Bloot wero next annoiutod, tho Conseorator a tying, " May thoso bandi be annolnted with consecrated oil and tho ohr'im of sanctification, /i Simuel annolnted David King and Prophet, so be thou annotated and consecrated in tho nnmo of God the Father, af tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost, making the llkonoas of the holy croas of our Bnvioar Jesus Christ, who hath radeemed us from ¡ death and brought us to the kingdom of heaven. Hear ns lovingly, O almighty Father, otornal God, and grant that we . may obtain what we. ask of Thee ; through tho samo, ¿o. Amen." Tho pastoral croiior was thou blessed and sprinkled with holy water, and delivered to tho newly-mado Bishop, now called tho Constorated, with these words : " Kooolvo the staff ol the pastoral 'ofDoe, that you may bo piously sovero in corrootlng vlon, holding judgment without anger, soothing), tho 'minds of tho , hearers by. promoting virtues, , not losing sight of atrlotnoss lt tho oa.lrnnéss of severity. The Conseorator then blessed* the ring as follows : " Let us pray, O Creator and-Preserver, of. mankind, G ivor of spiritual graoo, Granter of .eternal salvation, do Thou, O Lord, send forth Thy blessing upon this ring, that whoover shall be signed with this/ sign of our most holy faith, may by the strength of this heavenly defence bo enabled to raise for himself otornal lifo. Through, iso. Amen." Tho ilnç was sprinkled with holy water, and placed on'tho huger of tho Consecrated, the Conseorator say ¡lng, -"Receive this ring, tho tign of fidelity, that, adorned with 'unblemished faith, you may, without stahl,' guard tho apouso of God, whioh is Ula Holy Church, Amen." The Book of tho Gospels, whioh had nil this time beon held on. the shoulders of the Con secrated, wai removed and delivered to him, end tho kiss of peace given to him by tho Conseorator and assistants. The Córséorator and Conscoratod proooodo.l in tho Mass" as |far as the offertory, when thi latter offered to the former two lighted torohes, two loaves, and two small barrels of wine, to bo u<cd in tho Sacrifice. Tho " Aguus Del" having been sung, both advan id to the samo altai and proceeded together. in tho Mass, there being ono host and ono chalice for both. Tho Conseorator gave tho placo to the Consrorated and the assistants and administered tho Commpnion,. (iftar whioh tho mitro and gloves were separately hlosscd, and assumed by tho Conse- crated, who, having bo;n enthroned, passed through tho Church with tho assistants, giving bia b'oating 10 all, the ".Te Daum" being sang during hh progress. On their return to the altar, moto prayors and thu Goipel of St. John woro repeated, and the Primate and thrca prelates rotited, tho former reappearing during tho dolivory of tho sermon, whioh was preached in English by the Bishop of Mnltland from tho following text: "Take heel ti yourselves and to all the flock over whioh tho Holy Ghost hath pl- led you Bishops to rulo the Church of God, which ho hath purahmcd with His ona blood."-Aota of thoj Apostles, chap, xx, 5. 