I ran al v u ii ; fou- en' and atall cd Ee .IfPti es fro nstead ;In none thbe; M atie] aick dPIhiberly tie.k when an Ira Tfra riy mjothe'r to aty.er se, h Ielo ui,"Se? rt·ept a and n ti : "ýp'sall 6fiidp 'o ither alta Onlyeif tie. E "he 'iharfsload' been above. water, ghewoud h" roi ptoh'i, p and nothing.at. al could' have kept '(r from, it. ` Well,. I always hankered after the sea, but mot Mfa vQ spi -"No. I have lost enough.lby the cruel water ' the said. ',My Ebon is gone, aud I can't give up iy boy Ben." That C.at lgn.gldr Captain Stokes of fered m oaa b lrt h and I begged#lto take it. But you see, she held out, 'and sent ie to a lawyer'inoffie, nstead, .g-4,there I.drudged sick and tired ofrit all, da;iidieding:allaiy leisurefime:op the 'harf, ;looing at the' ships. AndI got to know .th sailors, and told 'emtiheow I'anted to go, hbut.mother wouldn't:leti:menh ab i at last qieof 'em says to me:.. " Beo. srehoran,' wome?: are always set igin. the minge, Ruan wqy... She'll forgive ou whti. yoh u take her hoamei your first vages." r a So, one tday, what cid I do but shipped; rith acaptain that ranted muen and boys. left?ny. old.traw-hat b7tlioewaterside, and ome more;A of my Clothes too, and 'before' I sarted, I told iiother;: was going a swim ung- Well, God forgive a poor boy; he as got.no more heart thain a great, rude SStill,when I turned into my hammock I -used. tothikof mother, I'd see her as I left her, in her black dress, with the little pina made out of silver, for all the world the ?.ge-of i a schooner, rigging and all, in her iar, mending a shirt of mine; and singing softly to herself, her.. hair as black as jet, aer cheeks asred as the sunnyside of a pear, md the sunlight eatching her as she rocked ackward and forward. I prayed the prayer :e.tauight Me, and leptout of mischief for ier sake... ' And the .? oyage over, I jumped upon -shoritcrseg ton?isher,'. i: rdy .to cry with joy at the hooa of it . h .All 'mywagesihwre. inmy pocket--a year's wages-and I picked up a green parrot and a lot of shells for her. I rantup the street swinging the cago with, the ahells under my ar t in a bag, and I burst into. ont house.yelling, like a. pilot in.a fog, " .Motlo?. i t lir, I've come home again. And astrange womI itlirned about on the hearth, where shestood;cooking something, -and said: " Have you been: going e razy young " I'm Be? ; Treman? says I. " Where's •mother ?" ' SYou ut' Widdy Trueman's son," says she. ,. .«Yes," says-:. Sor.dforgive you thena" says the wo .m? - . I suppose yourai away.. tosea. 'Slib tiought.y.u was?l'downed. I saw her ,.wlei'Iboiught thiehouse, a broken-hearted critter. S6ay she, 'I've got: to go, or, die. The sea istfo closeheg'-e Iheair it allnight. I,4: f-'_Pve got Eben, __ TIve got Ben; Irve gog Ebed; and Evcgot Rep.,over and .over pgan.m She went~away a yar ago. aIf R's .dead or craq, yeou'ye killed her. \ig@ mi otheir care Ver thair boav9' tlheyj never ? .o thanks w:ho- i t?rythng iso e. " i mh : ,-, a li?se "I don'th ; ho't tw elpi n. T . - . . .. .he ed v. ,i. uch lik. : de An ndboidy co?uld.teIl me wher to find , eid I ask?d everyone I iet if they' knerw Widotihruefl~inn,: b~ztreShe;fsemed to have S go:ne ?" bdieln t'he~oi l.ld. 1 ato think W',i : Jthea p.a again, ii. wa like *Amaidder. *1 h 4nor e s~ r eace. r Just :as they say f~hfi iitons i .c me before their e&i; my mn~ptlither' eame befodre T nedockrig, iiVn t df the 'sunlight in her and~theiitle r solier;A white rk d I orkseemie as a it I never After every : voyage I-~e: " edheed, but isev'erfount -\ur.: 4d, o rev~ drowned aimy tlla, thaQ .4n oprof that she ;wasdead, an41 felJ t that must search on 'nntfrU· new laled4~4ipiy inoney for '7 Fub' di~zy d~tjij '4 etflssri'om second \- rate~n~it I to' bt . captiin. loved'wotiaier,-utz. nee'r co0i~diT'Th osi;for vr4fehijsloioJdk~ep Iefroim de'bhing' 'fort ~M tydthe~.,n~teywenty-.eight ydars 64akingdoggy ay horeBas a Sfo' ' ;th. .aidc of soj t'b :seil towards it L 4 :' , - - And one miiles at nme";' arid another offrs ,?e'this and that for-my lady; aiidone says : "Buyri a present for your little, girl .And I makes a bow, and says I to the 'lady, " I'haven't any, Miss,,Uall the same, thank you. I u'jr'll tellme'where the. captain's ffice is sttle up.; and I will treat, all ihainds to sweets if they willaccept them from. A 'e. " - ' t.vast't '4hie way- to do, j,. supp?.A1,for ýthe 'y$#1 ;lii gged;.'B.tit ;paretty : goon,. a 6lergi took nie in tow, ..ana ' showed ime o'w h to steer ; and. finally we.. dropped anchorat what they called a' '?grab bag." You paid half a crown; dove in, andgrabbe4. a ticket. In I went-out it came, and what it was I didn't know,; butione of the; young ladies looked atmy 'ticket, and handed me a" small packet, which she said was my ,:pNrie." When I looked at. it, . I felt electric &urrents; up my arm, and shivers. down my back. It was a little thing. I held it'up to the light,, and then I shouted out, anid.I don't know what came over -me. It was a silver pin, like a full rigged schooner. And I knew there never was but one like it, for it had been made to or der. The clergythan took me to a quiet room, and gave me s6ine water. He thought I was threatened ,with apoplexy. But I came to, pretty.soon, and got breath to speak. " Look heroe chaplain," says I. "You see afore you'the worst sinier ever you preached to. I ran away from' my mother when' I was fourteen 'year old, 'and I have searched for her in' vain ever since. This is her pin. How on earth did you come by it ?" "An old lady gave it," 'said he. " A kind of widow's mite. ' It's for the sailors' says she, ' and my husband was a sailor, I've got nothing else.' Don't faint " again; my friend. Keep calm. God 'steered you into this port. You've found your mother, my friend, if her name was Widow 'True man." Well, I was so overjoyed that I actuall~y kissed him. I took him in my arms, and squeezed his breath half out of him. And I forked over a tenner to the Fancy Fair, and started for where he said my mother lived. . It was very poor; but when I got there I saw the door open, and there she sat. 1Her hair was not so black as it used to be, but it was just as smooth. Slhe sat rbocking to: ad fro, and- the. lamplight caught her nor anctheti, jist'lasit aunligihtdi&whon; I left. " Mother." She started. '" Do ghosts come back ?" saidshe" that's Ben's voice." " Mother," says I again; and then I had her in my arms. And she forgave me, as mothers always do; and please God, we will always keep together as long as we both live. The jailor's wife used to bring bouquiets of violets; tuberoses, andjulienne to Marie Antoinette while in the prison of the Con ciergerie. THE WHITE JULIENNE. "The White Julienne remains the fiower of Antoi nette.'.'-Alphonse Karr. Above the.slender sprays of flowers Ibend, to bring their perfume nigh; For only" in the evening hours Thy odours p! ss thy blossoms by : But when the ministering day Deserts thee'-with the warmth and light That nursed thee-w-?aking thou wilt pay Fo.r theso--in sweetness-to the night. O flower of Marie Antoinette! Ujngrateful to the lavish day-' Refusing it thy fragrance--vet SRelenting in such a generous way Her soud, like thee, while life was bright, Mar no holy savour spread: Yet stattered incense-.when grief's night Wilpt daws of blood upon her hdad!:' I bend, to bring :thy perfume near, Again--I cannot leave the spot: IDamp walls and prison gloom are here The beauties of the garden plot.. Are gone-save thee, sweet julienne, Fond-handled byl fated queen! Ihear her Bqigh above thee-then The senrys tread behind the screen. M .H.B. Melbourne. 