ii. L. SMITH, our colonial Baraam, has taken up his song against the hospitals of the colony, or, more .strictly speaking, against their management, lie asserts that they are abused, thai people who ere able to pay, but won't, Beek and obtain advioe and medicines from such institutions, to the prejudice of really deserving claims. Mr Smith has also declaimed against the practice which most hospitals have of receiving as indoor patients men and women who do pay. fie objects to tbe admission of this claBs on the ground that tbe necessitous and destitute are consequently refused admission. Regarding the first complaint of the doctor, there is little need to travel far for a motive. Obviously no medical man wonld care abont seeing patients whom be could enre for £20 obtain succour from an institution gratis. It is the business of the resident surgeon, and of the committee, to 6ee that the public charity is not abused; and although it is possible that Dr Smith may have become cognisant of some particular case in which it has been, we can say that as a rule the vigilance of the committee prevents imposition ot any importance. DrSmith has made a parliamentary business of this matter, and caused the issue of a government oiroular, for reasons best known to himself. Were he to follow the friendly advice of the Argus, and move for a return of the number of dootors in Parliament who use their free paisss for the purpose of poaching upon the preserves of other medical men, who are thereby placed at ^.disadvantage, ha wonld be quite as usefully if not as disinterestedly amployed. So far we liave referred simply to the out patient system. A circular has, at the instance of Dr 8mith, been sent to the various hospital^ asking for a return of tbe number of paying patients usually&ccommodated; therein. We consider that if tbe object of the return ;is to forbid giving relief to people in comfortable flircumstanaes within -the hospital walls, a most scandalous and invidioni distinction will be made. The rioh man, m the taoB 'Who -has a .competency—-provided he be willing to pay, and doas pay—has an aqaal claim with the suffering atranger. It is only in few cases that the institution! would 'be ao taxed; as, for inetanoe, where the patient-u '-suffering from an injury or a •alady which require* tbe skill and constant attendance which ha may not get at hi* home. i lf Dr Smith has really la^iew tbe interests of the hospitals, he would propoBB tqjextond the powen of the commit lee in suoh a 'tninner ^that where impoiitioa bappans to have been practised, or an ex- patiant is fohad tifćelr discharge to be possessed of ample means, the eoit of his treatment u the hospitalibotldibe reoovsrabls at law. Jlv 4ba R«r. Mr Aberoethj's leotnrs^ at Eagiehawlt, on Tuesday evening, the Ber, Mj Lewere offered a reward of ISO to any one who would show him a genuine ghost. ID •ur opinion this is deoidedly a safe wager. Bpii e were never knewn,according to tbe earliest iQtbentic record?, to come to mortal's bidding, if we except that of the Witch of Endor, vhn Ład no diploma. Spirits are obtuse, and come only when they are not wanted. •Ve w-fh some " brave child of the vitreous >ptic" would come up, and ao relieve Mr Levers of the £50 note that is fraying away in his focket. Shikesperian readers will bear in miud tbe uo^st of O.ven Glendower that he could " call spirits from the vasty deep," and Hotspur's cynical response— " Why, so can I, or so can any man. But will they come w Lieu you do caUthiK J" Tf the Rev. Mr Lew ere hath profited so well out of tbe divinity business that he can offer £50 to anv one who sLali remove his scepticism in respect of fj>iritHa!ism,would it not be as we l ibiit be should divide his superfluity ni'b the wounded and affl;oted—the poor that are always with us ? It retril7 seems as if tbe orthodox section of the community were taking- a little too much (rouble— " fashing their beards" tu distraction—about tins latest religious abortion, Spiritualism, t he tetters written on tbe subject, the lectures delivered by learned gentlemen who might bave been belter employed, and iha pains caken generally to confute a mere phantasy, are com jinn (loins enough to fill a volume greater than the Statute Book. The clergy m l neret learn and take to heart the lesBon, bat. it is only by letting these new-born faiths severely alone thsy will compass the object naturally so dear to their hearts, collectively speaking—that of keeping the emoluments arising from religion to themselves. If our chiefs of congregations could treat Spiritism as the doctors treated Johanna Southooit, deceased, for dropsy, the abortion will die as she did. The voters' lists for the shire of Metcalfe are now completed, and are to be seen at tke shire office. The election of a board of ad vice for the south and Taradale ridings of tbe Metcalfeshire school district took place on Monday. Messrs Arciidall, W J S Gordon, Thomas Orwin, Bernard Symon, and W R il'Lachlan were elected. The other candidates were Messrs Moore, Hamilton, S Bolding, John Mactier, S Dorman, and £ O Knigtit. A meeting of the Malmsbury school board of advice was held on Monday evening at Dr Davy's. It was decided to recommeud to the department the advisability of issuing circulars for distribution by the board among the parents of children, setting forth briefly the requirements of the Education Act, and the penalties for noncompliance therewith. This measure is taken in consequence of some children being kept from school, and many others being most irregular in attendance. An inquest was held on Tuesday before Dr Geary, at the Golden Age Hotel, Taradale, on the body of William Alfred Tomkins, agsd seven weeks, when it appeared on the evidence of Mrs Tomkins (its mother) that the child was quite well on Saturday, bat ailing: oa Sunday, and quite feverish towards evening, when she gave it soma castor oil. During the night (we learn from the Express) witness got a light, and found tbe infant was dead. Went to bed about nine o'clock, and on waking in the night the child was laying on her left arm; his face was not covered by the bed elothes; could not account for its death. Ellen Wallace deposed that she was called at about seven o'clock on Monday moming by last witness and found, the child was dead; its left side was a little disssloured; the mother seemed much distressed, witness informed the police af the occurrence. Dr Smith deposed to having found a swelling on the left side of the neek, with great congestion on the external and internal vessels of the brain, which was otherwise healthy; the heart was gorged with blood, and tha lungs considerably congested; the liver was large ; the cause of death was congestion of the hrain, produced by suffocation; there was every appearance that Uie ehild had been overlain ; tbe stomach was perfectly healthy. The jury unanimously agreed that death occurred in accordance with the medieal testimony. The caroaer had appro heeded that Dr Armstrong had left Taradsle, or he would nat have brought Dr Smith from Kynetoa. About November next the elections in the provinces for the Legislative Council will take place; and early in 1874 there will be a general election for the Lower Hons*. The Malmsbury Council have written ta the Glenlyonsbire Council, that the latter may rely on the co-operation of the former body in their endeavours to prevent the diversion of ths proposed railway from tbe G.ealyoa and Malmsbury route. Seventeen Chinese have been arrested for gambling; and will be brought up at the Maiden police aourt on Thursday. Our ways are not (?) their ways; neither their thoughts our thoughts! A deipatch should be sent to the Chinese Em- 1 peror, apprising him that gambling in every shape has been eliminated from our category of sins ! An inquest was held at Elphinstone last Sunday on James Smith, aged 41 years, who came by his death on Friday evening by the overturning of his dray, at a creek; a few miles from Elphinstone. A verdict in accordance witb the evidence, which showed that the deceased was in a state of intoxication at the time of the accident, was returned. 