OUR CONTINENTAL LETTER. PA KIN, OcTOBKR 4. "Incapable but honest." was the general opinion entertained of Comte de Chatnhord until h ftiv davs ago. but since he lias written a letter to a partisan unknown to fame. posterity i- requt^led to note that the' second adjectivc is withdrawn. It is only another proof of the counsel—" Put not your faith in princes." It is said that men are only consistent when in opposition : now the Comte <le Chatnhord having sworn as many oaths as a diver or » lover, tli.it he would never abandon his white flap;—it being ranK blasphemy for the people to nail theirs, the tricolour, to the mast —or thc'niakin? of the Pope temporarily, first flower of the earth and first gem of the sea, and crushing St. Michael 'land ' Satan fashion' the consequences of the •First Revolution, now hints all these views arc pure inventions of the enemv. like M. Jourdain and speaking prose, the Count ha- been a liberal ; all his life- without knowing it. This result nf the "fusion" was not expected. If Henry V. really intends to for the throne that 'it seems Providence specially created for him, lie must speak to the people neither ill parables .'nor in platitudes. He must put down his liberalism on paper—which will likely represent it's value at the same time— sign, seal, and swear " to it. The ghosts of Charles X and 'Napoleon ILI. might come up for the occasion .to encourage liiin to " swear." When Home Tookc was asked to sign the thirty-nine ar'icles he replied, " with pleasure, one hundred and 'thirty-nine if you wish." ft is not. in that "spirit the finest peasantry under the sun would like to see Harry the Fitli endorse the points of 'their charter. No matter what he may recant or'the." dispensations " lie may receive, the Comte de Cliambord may become king owing to the"" accident f an accident." hut he will never lie the corner stone of the nation, but a target for a fewyears for paper pellets anil the whips and scorns of time. May he be delivered from being another kind of target, like his dearlybeloved cousin, Louis Phillinpe, whose life was attempted once a year owing, perhaps, to his habit of carding a Sail}' Gamp umbrella which made him so remarkab'c and famous. The : mbre the country desires to possess a common' sense republic, the stronger becomes the determination of the chance majority in the chamber' to bestow npon it a monarchy. The people ;ertainly do not want this kind of greatness thrust upon it, but their sovereign Assembly is like woman—" if she will, she will, you may depend on't; and if she won't she woii't, so there's an end oh'tV" ^Besides, the royalists are not at all fools—quite another appellation according^ their opponents—and would not drac their king.through the mud, if they did not believe he would emerge" a thing of beauty and a joy for even" It is not thought that the Radicals are an inch nearer power, since they have elected the " Red" Prince "Napoleon, 'for chief. This alliance is one of the latest additions to " the sweep aspect of princes." The moderate republicans 'find, like the Egyptians of old, tint their strength ifor.the moment lies in sitting still. The last -subject patriots think about is the certain hard winter staring both citizens and r.urals in the face. It is a mistake to rely upon private charity to relieve a coming miserj' of vast proportions. The state has had to suspend public works—fortifications and the manufacture of big guns excepted—on the ground of economy, and the people have made all the bbne-scraping retrenchments possible. The French, bear in mind, are the only nation who have succeeded in making an appetizing dish out of dissolved bones—osseine. May the bones ever be forthcoming, as there are ugly rumours that the tax-gatherer will lay on his stripes with a heavy hand no matter what form of (iovernnient, or possibly none at all may be established. We have desired to rid ourselves of the invader and must pay for the whistle that charmed him away. The " Five Milliards Polka" is very much in vogue, for thirty-six trillions of people can dance to it, hut it sends a shiver through one, creates a sensation like what a person in consumption must feel when his health has been toasted. Yes, the hardships of the ensuing winter promises to he exceptionally severe; the miserj' cannot be so successfully disposed of as the cholera, and the purse of Sir Richard Wallace does not after all equal that of Fortunatus, for no foreigner—Prussians excepted—is ever prevented from bestowing donations and practising good works. The Jews have just celebrated the Kipponr or Feast of Atonement, which requires a fasting for twenty-four hours as well as a cessation from all worldly callings. Wonder what would be the effect if politicians were to try the effects .of a Kipponr? More especially in the case of the writer of the latest pamphlet who profoundly observes in the opening passage, " that it is necessary to create a new world, as that which is ancient is dead, and that which is new-born ; will immediately die." To their credit he it said, the Jews abstain as a body from political : agitations: some of the ablest writers in the Paris journals are Jews, and members of that persuasion occupy most important official positions. While the teeth of their co-religionists continue to be drawn—not on the painless extraction system—in Roumania, here in Paris the Jews can find a temporary Promised Land, beic&use; France is perhaps rich in the production of all that is temporary. Sufferance, however is the bridge of all their tribe, as being very wealthy, every christian charity appeals to them, and with success, for assistance. They are particularly distinguished for the great attention they devote to all their religious duties. The Jewish colony is divided into some ten or twelve sections, or tribes ; when a member dies, every survivor is said to contribute the thousandth or less quota of the funeral expenses. If declined, the amount is carried to a general relief fund. In some hours Bazaine will be placed on his (trial, which may last six or twelve weeks. His pwn story is now republished in a popular form, jyhich is strange, as many consider his hook the most damning piece of evidence against him. The journals abound in plans of battle-fields and maps of Metz, and the carpet-Moltkes demonstrate in quite an off-hand way, that if the Marshal had done this, and avoided that, we would haye had the French army now quartered in Berlin. Likely the two fair equestriennes whose evidence piques curiosity so much will also condemn the prisoner's strategetic skill. It is rather too much to expect, that in the tremendous struggle among the newspapers, home and foieign, to report the trial, the sensational press of Paris will not hold its own. Any moment after the indictment lias been read, the announcement that the accused has been found guilty, may be expected. One can never forget " the harrowing details," obtained at an "immense expense," supplied by a journal of Emperor Maximilian's execution at Queretaro, a month before it took place. In all the changes and chances in the French character, politics apart, no one can ever upbraid the working of the tribunals in their dispensation of justice. The trial may he tedious or short, direct or minute, but it will be exhaustive, and the judgment delivered sound. He heapeth up riches, and knowetb not who shall gather them, may be well applied to the late l»r. Nelaton, who left his immense wealth to his son, and the latter is about supplying what his father omitted—prav remember the poor; for it is rather a good fashion to do so, and deserves to be encouraged, especially on tlie part of men like Nelaton, who nobly rose from indigence to hononrs and wealth. Young Nelaton contemplates erecting and endowing an hospital for incurables. Strange dedication to a distinguished man, who was famous for enrina everybody but himself. In any case some journals recommend that the building be rapidly pushed forward, and the pretenders of all sorts admitted for life. People inquire what has Rochefort done with all his fortune, for in the latter months of his cometick career lie was reaping golden harvests. In the'late sale of his household furniture, all it Int.ught was some 3000 fr., and the executor of hisestnte avows that is all the means of support left for his children. It is then 3000 fr. more than possess the children of those duped Communists whom Rochefort pushed to their natural termination. It is a common saying among the workpeople, that no matter whether the revolutions they take part in, be successful or otherwise, all they receive in any case is the blows. Perhaps the richest and most lucky man in France is the due d'Anmale. yet he is not at all p ipular, his ambition is to be " second " in Gaul. Hi« wealth will go to the Comte de Paris in the natural course of thintrs. who is not a millionaire. It has therefore been a fortunate occasion for the Count to be reinstated in the fa-iily castle of Amboise, famous in history for the triumph of the Guides overthe "dumb captain," il'i- Prince of Coade, and where decapitations -n'l hangings continued for a month before the • a-t'e, and where the you-vg king, his brothers, ihci: attendants, and the ladies of the court, were daily spectators. A short time ago the Comte and Comtesse de Paris visited this property after being restored to them, in a very quiet manner, and alone. Not being known, the house poTtcr, like all sueli cerberuses in France, was rude : the Comte threw open the window of the diningroom to bdmiru the landscape, and was ordered not to do so by the porter; the two visitor? inspected other portions of the Vuildin?, and on departing, passed through the dining-room, when the porter brutally called npon the Count to close the window. The latter replied, coldly. " 1 .-shall do s<> when I come to inhabit the ca« f le in a few weeks."' The porter was dismissed fur his insolent hearing, and such is the history of the noise made about the " poor conciergc having been sent adrift," &c.; \Ve have bad another suicide with the revolver by an officer, who was disgusted w:l!i lif-. after squandering a fortune to produce lhai in.-:- iiiu. The best way of stopping tins mania, uoiv so much the mmlc. is for the press to pas" over in silence theatnc-il descriptions of the eve:its. More interestina is the account of a poor man. who lost bis affectionate wife, and by an Ovidiati metamorphosis believed himself changed into a weening willow. He went about the streets with a flower-pot on his head, anno'incing his transformation. 'Tis a mad world we live in my masters. Music is said to be the most democratic of arts, hence why first and second fiddles, flute players and performers on wind instruments in general assemble in a certain by-street, like laundry maids, wool-carders, and bakers, to be hired by the ni"ht, or day, or both. The owner of a wine shop registers the offers and demands, a fair fiddler can be inductd to rosin his bow for an evenins for three francs, but a rising Paganini would demand fifteen. Among the minor afflictions which France experiences. is that of her children of both sexes having now to return to school after their long vacation. T do not know how the girls are appeased, bur the boys seem to fret in proportion to the tips they receive. A five-franc piece has lost its power to assuage this crief. The students have no reason to " rest and be thankful" towards the present government, which contemplates abolishing all the healthy scholastic reforms introduced and contemplated by the Ministry of Thiers, for diminishing the hours of studv, increasing those for recreation, improving the dailv bread, and multiplying the recompenses. It is said youth commences in being Radical : how could any person expert young France to give the faintest Tivn for Henri V. when he is associated with the refurn to their ancien regime The practise of requiring collegians to sketch a constitution for France, as the subject of a nrizeessay, is to he discontinued. It isfound the practice remains with theintlirough life, and in addition, the record office is full of drafts of model constitutions. We are to have, when the exhibition of very interesting Oriental curiosities closes, a show of all the articles connected with bahydom ; such as cradles and perambulators, feeding-botles and feet-jars, lollypops and toys, squills and nightlights, soothing-sj nips and clothing. Literature wTll not be neglected ; from AB Csup to Cimleralla, .Tack in the Bean Stalk, and kindred infantile classics, wll find a local habitation. Deputies are reported to be rehearsing their intended speeches for the forthcoming Assembly, with their wives for an audience. It is hinted, that not a few of the representatives will arrive in the Chamber with two or three discourses, to suit the circumstances, as thoughtful patriots acted during the Reign of Terror. 