COM&REGATION; AL UNION AND HOME MISSION. Fibst Day: Tuesday, April 8. The eusual meeting of the above Association was held on Tuesday evening, April 8, at Stow Church ; but the attendance was small, probably owing to the want of sufficient publicity. The Rev. Y. W. Cox, the Chairman for the past year, presided, and the proceedings were openedwith devotional exercises. On the plat form were the Revs. C. B. Symes, B.A., J. Jefferis, LL.B., F. W. Cox, J. R. Ferguson, W. Wilson, O. Hall, J. McMichael, and M. Williams, B.A. The Rev. F. W. Cox then made way for the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., the 1 Chairman-elect, who read the n.nnna.1 address as fallows " Christian Brethren — The prominence assigned to me to-day is quite casual, and can neither be regarded as the reward of patient and , efficient service in your midst, nor as the ackno w ledgement of personal worth. "As a comparative stranger my claim to this post of honour cannot he compared with many of my ministerial brethren who have won .your con fidence for years—and, be it distinctly under stood, it has not been so compared. I am here simply to supply the place of our esteemed brother, the Rev. E. Griffiths, whom you elected last year to this office, but from whom the broad seas now part us; and, while thanking you for -the trustful .sympathy which led you to think ' that I'couldsupply his laok of service, I cannot \- help giving utterance te the regret which fills all our minds that we do not see in this chair to^day'the true-hearted, manly, unselfish pastor, ' from whom we had hoped to hear strong words, which would stir our love to Christ, and deepen -enr devotion to the spiritual interests of the . ; world. . , " Youwfll have observed a greatalteration in ' "fhe arrangements which have been made for the meetings of this session. The change has been \- made in the hope that; by providing for the dis tiurion of questions which intimately affect the ' spiritual welfare of the congregations which we represent, we might derive more profit _ than \- --firom the ample transaction of formal business. The Committee thought that there -had grown \- up in this'TJnion an earnest desire that these meetings might be productive of more spiritual . refreshment and stimulus than heretofore, so that the members might return to their work in ~ifie Churches, hot only with higher ideals, but with renewed courage to pursue and greater wisdom to attain them. • It remains for you to "say whether the Committee rightly or wrongly \- * interpreted your wishes. If rightly, you will . remain in Adelaide and sustain these additional meetings; if wrongly, you will effect a speedy exit as soon as the formal business has been transacted. "In considering to what subject the introduc tory address might wisely call your thoughts to-day, thequestions have arisen—Is there any marked deficiency in the creed or life of our Churches in this colony to Which our attention ought to be called? or, is there any new direc tion into which the energies of our Churches may with profit be invited ? It is in attempting to answer these questions that I have specially felt the disadvantage of my short residence in the colony. One year of labour, mostly concen-. trated on Adelaide, has not given me much in sight into the state of our denomination, nor has it enabled me correctly to appreciate our aptitudes and disabilities. The conditions of our life here have their own special distinctiveness. The conditions of climate, of a sparse population, and the necessity which is laid upon most of that population to exhaust their energy in meet ing the material exigencies of the day, render it impossible that we should accept the larger and more rigorous organizations of older countries as models for our labours in the service of the same Lord. ' . "There is, however, one subject on which it is peculiarly important at the present time that the Church of Christ in this colony should be ready to bear an unfaltering testimony—a testimony which shall not merely rest upon the lessons of our earlier life, but which shall express the intelligent and unwavering convictions of to-day. Throughout Europe there is a great and growing conflict around the divine authority of the Bible. In Roman Catholic countries, where till recently the most stringent sacerdota lism has repressed the liberty of speech and literature, the right of private judgment is being fearlessly asserted and exercised with all the eagerness of a new freedom, to the verge of denying altogether the divine authority of Scrip lure. In Protestant Christendom the same direc iaon is being pursued, with less indeed of feverish eagerness, but perhaps even deeper and more settled unbelief. In England the concentration of thought on material science is leading men first to ignore the Spiritual, then to doubt, and, finally, to deny. The alleged fact of a divine revelation is of course one of the first difficulties to be dealt with before this world can be regarded as entirely free from the shackles of divine authority, and towards the disproof of such a divine revelation many very able minds are drifting. Now, it is very pro bable that this wave of thought has broken in come of its ripples on this far distant shore. It is scarcely possible that our access to the literature of Europe shall leave us uninfluenced by its thought, its scepticism, or its faith. Those brethren who are more experienced than I in the life of our Churches will know whether there is in South Australia generally a strong and intelligent conviction that this Bible is for all practical purposes a correct and complete presentation of the mind of God, or whether there is an increasing hesitancy among us in facing the sceptic, and saying, 'We firmly be lieve that, not in one merely, but in all its divisions, this Bible carries the authority of God with it, and is free from human error.' Be the state of things among us what it may, I feel very anxious that while our population will be continually increased by those who come fresh from countries where the tone of litera ture is greatly hostile to the inspiration of God's Word; while these new elements themselves may bring with them the enervating influence of a wavering faith, they may receive from the Christian Church in this colony, not the mere echoes of tradition, nor the partial representa tions of a narrow creed, which is blind to all difficulties, but a clear well-grounded testimony to the divine authority of the Bible. May they find us prepared to prefix, ' Thus saith the Lord' not merely to the beautiful precepts of Christ,. but to the doctrinal reasonings of the Apostles, to the prophetic utterances of Hebrew seers, and to all-the sacred histories of the Jewish nation, so that our clear faith may sustain the -wavering, and lead candid minds, who may have been unduly swayed by one set of con siderations, to review their position, and to place themselves under the teaching of that divine Spirit who will lead them into all truth, and bring them to such a knowledge of it that they may be saved. " Your attention is. then asked net to the 'teaching of Scripture regarding any particular. doctrinal truth, but to that inspiration of the Scriptures which constitutes, them the Court of final appeal in all discussions of religious truth. "In looking at the subject of inspiration, the first question arises as to -the sense in which we are prepared to use the term. Without enter^ \- ing on too scholastic a discussion of its meaning, it may be sufficient to say that we understand :' the term to express that divine influence which enabled the writers of the-Scriptures to convey without error all the truth that God has felt to ' be needful for our fulfilment of His wilL This generic use of the term includes all the different modes in which it has pleased God to exercise that influence. It includes what .is commonly. called an inspiration of revelation, whereby. God uncovered to the writers truths which were. 'previously hidden, and which,without such an Apocalypse, they could not hare conceived, The great truth of our immortality, dimly guessed -at " by heathen sages, and clearly stated in the Word of God, is such a doctrine. The spiritual result which arises from the death of cation of t^B sinner,'fa also a truth which could not be understood without a revelation. It includes, further, what "is commonly called an inspiration \- of elevation, by which .the minds of the sacred writers were so elevated as to be able ade qnately to appreciate these great mysteries. 'It-includes that suggestionof the very words themselves, which might sometimes be needful \- wherethe revelation exceeded the limits of human thought, as, «.o., in many un \- foldings of the Infinite- Majesty of God. \- - It includes "that invigoration of the memory which would preserve' the sacred historians and ' evangelists from misrepresentations when they \- narrated facts which had come within their own observation, and would enable them to dis / criminate between truth and error, if they were compiling from records. "You will observe that we have indicated no precise mode- in which that influence has been exercised by God. I do not think that, in rela tion to a subject so confessedly out of the range .0UF own experience, and so incapable of analysis by us—while anxious enquiries and cavil cluster round it—there can be any wisdom in our attempting to penetrate by a priori reasoning into the nature of inspiration, and then to try and force every part of Scripture into an illustration of the same mode. We may not understand all the ways in which the Holy Spirit influenced the minds of the writers, and in thinking that we do we are apt to limit the Holy. One of Israel. ... " Whilst, however, our views are thus elastic regarding the nature of inspiration, we cannot be too emphatic in claiming God's direct con nection with, and responsibility for, the whole of the sacred records. For here we come upon the distinction between the mere productions of buman genius and the inspired records. All I genius is the gift 'A God. Shakspeare was en dowed with his poetic and dramatic power; Hilton with penetrating intuitions and splendid imagery j Lord Bacon with his power of generalisation by patient processes of induc tion^ and autolysis; Macaulay with exquisite diction 8jid artistic skill. All these were en dowed t>y God originally with their gifts, and left free to cultivate and use them. God has not connected Himself so immediately with their writings as to accept their responsibility. They have been free to write as they would, and we discriminate between the true and the false in their works. On the other hand, David, with his passionate devotion; Isaiah,_ with _ nis en raptured visions; and the evangelists, with their impartial historic accuracy, not merely as we believe, exercised gifts which had been bestowed upon them by God, but exercised those gifts under the immediate direction and control of God Himself; so that these writings come to us with the divine imprimatur, and demand both our credence and our trust. We claim no more than this divine connection with and respon sibility for the sacred writings.; but we can rest our faith for time and eternity on nothing less. We will not attempt to be wise above what is written as to the mode of that connection; but ef its reality we are assured in the words which I still prefer to render as in our authorized version—' All Scripture is given by inspiration of God.* "A passing reference to the writings of Meses in the light of modern reasoning about inspiration will show how, in different ways, God may make Himself responsible for the whole record. If there be reasonable ground to believe that pictures were presented to the mind of Hoses by God, representing the diffe rent stages of creation, and that he was guarded by God from all error when he described them, there would be authoritative inspiration. If, in the subsequent history to the close of Genesis of events which occurred prior to his own life, there is clear evidence, from the different kinds of language used, that he was compiling from records which had been written in fragmentary form, we need only claim, in order to their inspired authority, that God should enable him unerringly to discriminate between history and legend, truth and fiction. If, in writing the account of his own life and work, of his leader ship of Israel, he drew the materials from his own memory, we simply maintain that the Holy Spirit quickened his memory and guarded him from all mistake. All these modes would realize our idea of inspiration as fullyas the verbal inspiration of the moral and. ceremonial law, where we are inclined to think that God must have communicated ipsissima verba, because each of these implies God's connection with and authoritv for the entire record.. " We do then believe, and for this we contend, that although God may have influenced the mind of the sacred writers in different ways, their writings do bear His authority, and that *A11 Scripture Is given by inspiration of God.' Its historic records cannot be placed on a level with the myths ;of the heroic age in Greece or Borne, nor with the partial and coloured state ments of modern historians. They are accurate histories. Its precepts rank far higher than the ethical counsels of the most elevated moral philosophers, and are final in their authority. Its revelations of the future are no mere visions of a poet's fancy, but the outlines of that history which eternity will surely write. Its promises we can trust to the uttermost as the very words of One who ' is not a man that He should lie, nor the son of man that he should repent.' It is to us an abiding proof of the communication between God and man, for throughout its length and breadth the Word of God. " This, then, is the testimony which we would bear in an age when very loose notions of the inspired authority of the Bible extensively prevail. We do not feel called upon to main tain that in every part of the Bible the very words were dictated to the writers. For many reasons we doubt this. One reason is that we do not feel that it was needful that the words should be dictated in cases were men wrote what they had themselves seen or heard. In such a case it was only needful that God should guard them from error. Inasmuch, then, as God never wastes power, we think it unlikely that He exercised a superfluous influence. A second reason is the total absence of verbal accuracy in the quotations by our Lord and the Apostles of Old Testament writers. Had the ^diction been an essential part of their inspiration, we think that the very diction would have been preserved in quotation, instead of which we often find the meaning of the Old Testament writers clothed in new language by Christ and his Apostles. " But we do not on this account abate one jot or our belief in the plenary inspiration of the Scriptures. Some may eliminate the Pen tateuch as containing only the fanciful tradi tions among a superstitious people concerning their national origin. Others may lighten what they deem the sinking barque of inspiration by throwing overboard the historic record, because . they contain many divine injunctions, the moral beauty of which we cannot see, and which appear to us to be out of harmony with the Christian dispensation. Others may reject the doctrinal Epistles as only the deductions of a metaphysical thinker—but we claim them all, and feel that they all bear the stamp of divine authority—that they have been preserved with singular accuracy—and that we can rest our faith on them as on that Word of God which, unmoved, shall see the heaven and earth pass away. " Approaching now the difficulties which are urged against the inspiration of the Scriptures, they are mainly of two kinds. The first class of difficulties is urged by those who deny the reality . of the supernatural, or at least its connection with this world. When we claim that 'holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost' we of course raise the general question, of which this is only a part. The question of inspiration shares the difficulties which beset the whole question of the supernatural, and those who refuse to allow the supernatural any place in their creed join issue with us at the outset. These opponents, however, we must at present pass by,"not by any means through silent contempt, for they deserve more respectful treatment, but because they raise broader questions than we have time now to answer. Their difficulties underlie the whole evidence of Christianity, into which we cannot enter. We must at present assume the genuineness of Christianity, the divinity of the Lord Jesus, and the ordinary historic credi bility of the Gospels before we can deal with the question. Has God specially inspired men to reveal His mind and will? "The second class of difficulties is urged simply against the inspiration of the Bible, and not against the connection of the supernatural with the natural. With these alone we deal. "Accepting, then, the divine person of our Lord as investing His words and work with divine authority, it seems very probable that Jesus would provide some reliable record of all that He had done, and all which He wished His followers to do in continuing His work. Chris tianity was intended for all countries and all ages_. Unless, therefore, a continual succession of inspired speakers was raised up in eveiy nation to declare the will of Christ (which would have been a superfluous exercise of miraculous power), it is very probable that Christ would inspire a record which might become the permanent property of the Church and the world. " Further, assuming the Gospels not to be gratuitous fictions but honest - histories, we find that Jesus promised His disciples such a gift of the Holy Spirit as would constitute inspiration. ' Howbeit when He, the Spirit of Truth is come, Hq will guide you into all truth. I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now. But the Comforter, who is the Holy Ghost, Bhall teach you all things, and bring all things:tq your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.' Christ here distinctly inti mates that a special ..influence of the Spirit would be given.to His disciples to awaken in their minds the memory of all that He had taught; and farther, that the Holy Spirit should, teach them a great deal which they were unable at that time to receive from Him. They would thus be qualified to write the four narratives of the Gospels and the doctrinal teaching. If, then, there are four inspired records, giving with the distinctiveness of each writer a per fectly accurate^ narrative of all that Jesus did and taught, it is only what we might fairly ex pect as the fulfilment ef this promise; or if these doctrinal Epistles do contain a more com plete and perfectly correct unfolding of the great results of Christ's work—of the influence of His sacrifice in opening to us the doors of the spiritual kingdom, together with the glorious privileges of that kingdom, it is only what we might fairly expect from this promise of our Lord. " We can clearly recognise that Jesus came rather to be the Gospel than to preach it—that there would be many aspects of His sacrificial death which could not be appreciated till after that death had taken place, and that we do need an inspired explanation of what would otherwise have been a sad enigma. I venture to think that Calvary without the exposition of it by the inspired Apostles would have seemed to us a tragedy, reflecting glory indeed on the self devotion of the martyr, but none on the wisdom, love, and holiness of God. " Further, in the fulfilment of this work we find the writers of the New Testament able to exercise miraculous powers, with which they -believed themselves endowed in order to certify the correctness and inspired authority of their teaching. ' How shall we escape if we neglect fo great salvation, which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us by them that heard Him, God also bearing them witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost according to His own will.' We read that at Iconium they abode a long time, speaking boldly in the Lord, who gave testimony unto the word of His grace, aud granted signs and wonders to be done by their hands. Now, brethren, if these records possess common his toric veracity, we are driven to one of two con clusions— either that God gave miraculous power to men who were not preaching the truth, and thus enabled them to win credence for a lie; or that they were preaching the truth, and that these were their credentials. Again, they affirm that their teaching is inspired—that their precepts are suggested by God, and carry God's authority with them. The frequency with which these assumptions occur renders quota tions needless. You know how distinctly Paul declares that he received what he wrote and preached, not from man's teaching, but from God alone, and how he anathematizes any who preach another Gospel than that which had been received through Him from the Holy Ghost. While these are their professions, God bears them witness with signs and wonders, and thus stamps their teaching with His own divine superscription. " The acceptance of the inspired authority of most of the writings of the New Testament by the Churches in apostolic times, and in times immediately succeeding, confirms our confidence in the present canon of the New Testament. It is, of course, not sufficient to believe that the Holy Spirit did inspire some writings. We want fair ground to recognise that these are the inspired writings. The early Church was in a far better position than we to form a correct judg ment on this matter. They were most careful in distinguishing between the inspired writings and the numerous letters and treatises that claimed a measure of authority in the early Church. They refused recognition to any writings which had not such divine authority, and which had not been received as divine from the earliest times by those best qualified to judge. It was not that they formed an inde pendent judgment and instituted their own criterion of inspiration, but they give us the testimony of the Christian Church at the begin ning of its history. And thus through them we have a reliable statement of the Scriptures which were either written by the Apostles or with their sanction. " In the first century the whole of the New Testament was written, but remained in the form of separate narratives and letters having divine authority, and were not collected into one canon of the New Testament till the deve lopment of heresies in the middle of the second century led to the collection of all inspired writings. Each of these writings was regarded on its own individual merits before admission into the canon. Two of such canons were formed—the Syriac Peshito and the Muratorian, representing respectively the judgment of the Eastern and Western Church respecting the inspired writings. Between them they include nearly all that are included in the present canen. But although either of these collections excludes some few of the smaller Epistles, yet there is not a single writing in the New Testa ment for which, when taken separately, we have not very early and decisive testimony. The reason of the tardy admission of some into the canons arose from the partial obscurity of some and the great care exercised by one Church in receiving from another. Thus, for example, the Epistle of James, addressed to converted Jews belonging to the twelve tribes, might be received as it was by the Syrian Church, where great numbers of them dwelt, and yet not be known for a long time, and when known received very slowly by the Gentile Churches in the Far West, until they too received from the Eastern Churches dear testimony to its authority. With still greater force does this remark apply to the letters addressed to individuals, as the Second and Third Letters of John. Each writing has its own special evidence and sanction, though not at first included in every canon that was formed. By the Council held at Carthage, in A.D. 397, the canon was settled as it now stands, so that by the testimony of the early Church, as well as by their own internal evidence, we are able confidently to say concerning every sepa rate writing in the New Testament—'Thus 6aith the Lord.' "The inspired authority of the Old Testa ment has been more frequently called in ques tion than that of the New. Its histories have been deemed myths, its moral beauty has been impugned, and its revelations have been assailed. It is sufficient for us to know in what light the Lord Jesus, whose deity we acknow ledge, regarded the writings of the Old Testa ment. After what has just been said respecting the inspired authority of the New Testament, we may now accept its record as reliable in all its narration of the words of Christ and the Apostles. He came to a nation that possessed the writings of the Old Testament in their pre sent form. [Yeu will allow me to omit from this dogmatic statement, Solomon's Song, as being a disputed book, on which I am not pre pared to offer a judgment,] They had been collected by Ezra, and divided into three divisions—The Law, including the Pentateuch ; the Psalms, including the poetical books; and the Prophets, including the remainder of the Old Testament. Christ came to a nation that regarded these writings with the utmost veneration. Did He attempt to undeceive them ? Did He abrogate their authority ? Did He even authorize them to use their own judgment in discriminating between truth and error in their Scriptures ? If they were not inspired, and Jesus allowed them to retain the conviction that they were, He, the God of Truth, lent himself to" their delusions. How strongly He everywhere maintained the authority of those writings is familiar to us all. He appealed to each of the three great divisions of their Scriptures in attestation of TTia divine mission. He was anxious to prove to them that He was simply fulfilling all that had been written in the Law, the Prophets, and the Psalms respecting His coming and His work. He shaped His work with special view to their fulfilment, and reminds us at every step how clause by clause has been fulfilled. He appeals to the authority of their law, and tells them that He was rot come to abrogate it, but to unfold more completely its meaning. He urges them to search their Scriptures and collate their testimonies regarding Himself and His Work. He stimulates their reverence for its divinity. They had placed those Scriptures on a lofty pedestal. He recognised the position, and simply lifted aside the coverings with which tradition had concealed the true symmetry of its figure, and invites men to gaze with rapt and reverent vision upon the beautifnl form of divine truth. It was impossible for Christ to have done it except He believed those Scrip tures to be divine. "We must admit still further that in thus giving His -divine sanction to the Old Testament He was giving it to all the writings which to the mind of the Jews , constituted the sacred Seriptures ; and therefore, that although His verbal references may be only made to some of the writings, yet if no exclusion be made, He was sanctioning all which they read in the Synagogue every Sabbath Day as the sacred Scriptures—which writings they most jealously guarded from confusion with their various para phrases and commentaries^ even at the most corrupt period of their national history. And thus we recognise the whole ef the Old Testa ment writings as a realization of the words, ' Holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.' " I am deeply sensible of my utter inability in the limits of this address to furnish an elaborate argument for the inspiration of the Scriptures. I can simply hope that to some of my brethren, who may not have had equal leisure with their pastors to investigate the grounds of their faith in the inspiration of the Bible, lines of argument may have been indicated which they can follow at their pleasure, and that they may be able so to strengthen % waver ing faith that they shall quietly rest in the glorious truth that this Bible is more lasting in its authority than even creation's lawB, and more unfailing in its promises than the cove nant of God with day and night. " It now remains for us to deal with the diffi culties which are felt by some earnest minds in accepting such a doctrine of inspiration as that which we have indicated. They are chiefly two —the apparent inconsistency of its historic records with the settled conclusions of science ; second, the inconsistency of some of its divinely sanctioned actions with what we knew of the divine character. " As regards the first, we shall, I think, ap proach a solution if we can clearly appreciate, on the one hand, what are che settled conclusions ef science, and on the other what is the exact teaching of the Scriptural records. The facts of science must take their place as equal in authority with the facts of revealed truth. We who believe in the Bible are not afraid to accept facts in any department of God's work. But we find that many of the more recent con clusions of science are not yet on the throne of truth—they are usurpers, wielding for a while the kingly sceptre until more careful search deprives them of their royal glory. In some departments we find the conclusions of one year corrected in the next and contradicted by subsequent experience. Let it be distinctly understood that when once science places facts before us touching Biblical subjects we will take those facts as so many lamps to illuminate us in reading the Divine Word. " On the other hand, let us very carefully strive to ascertain what is the teaching of the Bible on those questions where science and the Bible seem now occasionally to collide. We have been accustomed to regard the early part of Genesis as a chronological history of the creation of the world. If it be shown to us, by the style of its language, that it is without doubt an inspired poem, given rather to teach man the great truth that the earth and all that is therein was created by God, than to show the order and date of creation, shall we lose our faith in its divine authority because we are obliged to change our interpretation? If the recent discovery of a perfect human skeleton embedded in very ancient strata in the Cave of Mentone shall lead us inevitably to the conclu sion that races, whose physical structure was the same as that of man, existed ages before Adam, but that God has only revealed to us the history of His dealings with the Adamic race, because with them only are we concerned—shall we on this account feel that the Divine authority of the record is imperilled ? Where can we find a verse which tells us that there was no human race created prior to the Adamic race? May not even the angels represent the glorified form of some ancient race which was physically con formed to our own ? 1 will stake everything on the inspiration of the Bible; but I will not stake the inspiration ef the Bible on my interpreta tion of it, as if we were inspired in our interpre tation of the inspired Book. " The second objection to the inspiration of the Bible is that some things appear in the Bible to have divine sanction which are immoral. I do not now refer to the silence in which the sins ef good men are parsed over in its biogra phies, because almost all thoughtful men now recognise that these biographies only profess to record the facts, and neither blame nor praise their moral character. But I refer to things evidently commanded by God, such, e.g., as Abraham's attempt to sacrifice his son, or the exterminating war of Israel with the inhabitants of the Holy Land. "It must be remembered that human life belongs to God. He can create and He destroy. It is a sin for man to take the life of his fellow, because that life is not his. It is no sin for God to take that life, because it is His. If it is not wrong for God to take it directly, as in the case of Ananias and Sapphira, it is not wrong to take it indirectly through the instrumentality of man, as when He destroyed the idolatrous nations of Canaan by the hand of Israel. God had a right to claim the life of Isaac, and to claim it by the hand of Abraham. If, then, it was not wrong for God to command it, it could not be wrong for Abraham and the Israelites to obey. How they knew that it was God's com mand we cannot say; but, knowing it, they would have sinned by disobedience to the righteous demand of God,, and hence Abraham is praised for the perfectness of his obedience, and Israel blamed for the partiality of theirs. " The objections urged against the purity and beauty of God's Word are best answered by pointing out the effect of the Bible and by whom it is prized. Is it the favourite meditation of the cruel and ferocious? Do the unholy and profane delight in it ? Does the drunkard find his encouragement there, or the licentious man his sanction ? The whole testimony of history is to the effect that this Bible sheds a light wher ever it goes, from the presence of which the spectres of sin flee into that congenial darkness where revelation has never shone. " Brethren, we may rejoice without trembling in the inspiration of this Book. We must hold its inspiration with patience towards those who feel difficulties, but with -steadfast grasp toward all who would wrest it from us. The inspiration of both the Old and New Testaments is vital to us. It may by some be thought a small matter if the Pentateuch be assailed sc long as the Gospel remains unchallenged. But remember that, if the Pentateuch was not divine, that Jesus, who sanctioned the belief in its divine authority, was not divine, and of that the oppo nents will soon remind us when we have surren dered the divine authority of the Jewish law. May we, as a portion of the Church of Christ in this colony, bear our faithful testimony. This Book will neyer shame our faith. You have often seen the rock laved by the waves. Tide after tide returns to the charge. Sometimes in gentlest ripple it lays aside the sand around its base, and seeks to undermine; and then in fiercest billows ocean dashes its battering-rams against the rock, and it never trembles. The sand is washed away; the rock stands firm. Hostile criticism may strive to undermine the Word of God. In tide after tide of subtle reasoning or of scientific research, if may break and moan away, and die along the shore ; the sand which human interpretation had heaped around it may be washed away, but " ' Firm as a rock Thy truth shall stand, When rolling years shall cease to move.' " The Kev. J. R. Ferguson, Corresponding Secretary, then read the Report of the Com mittee, as follows:— " The General Committee now begs to lay before you a statement of what has been done by it in carrying out the business entrusted to it at the last annual meetings of the Union. And first in order, because first in importance, your consideration is solicited to what has been done in the matter of granting aid to " ASSISTED CHURCHE8. _ " When this question was under considera tion, the Committee was led to act upon a principle slightly new in determining the par ticular amount which Bhould be disbursed to each of the Churches respectively receiving aid. With a view at once to enhance, if possible, the comfort of your ministers who are over aid receiving Churches, and to stimulate and quicken the Churches themselves, it was agreed to offer a certain sum without condition, or a certain higher sum upon the condition of the Churches respectively increasing their contri butions to a given amount towards their pastors' support. The spirit in which this policy was conceived was in no degree of a parsimonious or illiberal kind, but rather contemplated the quickening and strengthening of the Churches, together with the improving of the comfort of your brethren the pastors. There have only been five Churches recognised as receiving aid during the past year. A donation of £20 was made to the Church in High-street, Kensington, on account of the special circumstances con nected with the change in the pastorate. "Happy Valley.—£30 was granted to the Church situate there, with an additional £10 if the Church should raise £70. The Church ba-g raised £74, and accordingly become entitled to the stipulated addition. The Church's financial account is reported to have been ' better this year than it was the two previous years,' nearly £12 better than last year, and over £35 more than the year before. There is service in i.big church twice on the Lord's Day, with an average attendance of 120; a weekly service on Wednes day evening with an average attendance of 15; a Sabbath-school numbering 95 children, and eight teachers. The whole income for the past year has been £108 5s. l£d. " Goolwa.—£25 was voted to this Church, pro vided they contributed towards their pastor's support not less than they had done the previous year, viz., £40. The report says—' The amount paid to our pastor has not been less than that stipulated as a condition to receive the grant voted by the Committee.' The congregation averages from 50 to 60; the members in fellow ship numbered last year 20, but during the year there have been some removals. " Milang and Point Sturt.—At this time last year these Churches had no pastor. At first £10 was voted to assist them in simply obtaining pulpit supply, and then by the beginning of the second half of the year, they having secured a pastor in the Rev. H. Cheetham, a grant was made of £25. The report from these Churches states that the average attendance at Milang is 100; at Point Sturt, 70. The members in fellowship at Milang number 30. A Sabbath school has been formed during the year at Point Sturt, having 35 scholars and five teachers. The school at Milang numbers 67 scholars and nine teachers. Two additions have been made to the membership during the year, and 'though only these additions have been made to our Chureh fellowship,'the report says—'We yet believe that the Lord's work is being accomplished in our midst.' Besides these hopeful signs of pro gress reported with regard to the spiritual state of the Churches, we are told that they have ' made improvements in the chapel at Milang, have provided gates and a fence round the chapel yard, and have paid for the making and due registration of the chapel deeds.' "Alma.—At the last annual meetings it was reported that this Church was then about to enjoy a settled pastorate after the Rev. J. A. Dowie had been ordained. Mr. Dowie was ordained on the 21st May, but resigned in the beginning of December. The report from this Church relates accordingly to a year marked by these unusual experiences. It says — ' The number of members is less than it was twelve months ago, being now 10.' They 'have continued the services of the Church among themselves with occasional help from Kapunda.' The congregation varies from 15 to 50. The Sabbath - school numbers 30. 'The moneys raised for the support of the Church during the nine months Mr. Dowie was with them amounted to £60.' "Port Victor, Encounter Bay, and Bald Hills. —£50 was granted in aid of these Churches, with the offer of an additional £25 if they them selves contributed £100. About two months ago the chapel at Encounter Bay was closed, owing to the languishing state of the cause there and the people preferring to worship at Port Victor. The report, however, gives the attendance at the three, places—Port Victor, 100; Encounter Bay 35, members 9; Bald Hills 73, members 15. The Sabbath-school at Port Victor numbers 87 scholars and 10 teachers; at Bald Hills 34 scholars and five teachers. There are two lay preachers in connection with the latter Church. But this Church, the report says, has suffered severely in consequence of so many families having left the district to settle in the North and other parts.' "High-street, Kepsington.—A donation of £20 was made to this Church at the beginning of the year on account of its then beginning with the pastorate of the Rev. W. Nicholls. The assistance was given in the shape of a donation rather than that of an ordinary grant, on the understanding that it would not be required after the year now expiring. The report from the Church says:—'The attendance has slightly improved ; the interest of the people has been sustained, and the year's labours have resulted in two additions—not transfers.' During the year the ceiling of the church came down, and remains unrepaired. 'The grant made by the Society has been gratifying, but its withdrawal, unless Providence favours the Church in some other way, would unavoidably imperil the present pastorate.' " Shipley.—The little Church at this place is supplied altogether by the agents of the Union and Home Mission. The report says :—' The Church here is walking in the fellowship and peace of the Gospel; the ministrations continue to be maintained by the agents cf the Home Missionary Society ; the attendance is in creasing, and there are cheering manifestations of blessing.' "Beaumont.—This station has been trans ferred during the year to the care of the Stow Memorial Church. " Houghton,—From this station it is reported that the interest in it seems to have increased, and that the attendance during the past year en the whole has been better, and the friends who worship there feel that they want organization, and propose to form a Church. The_ Sabbath-school m connection with the station is and always has been a very flourishing . one, under the able and zealous management ef Mr. G. McEwin. ' A good many instances might be named,' the report says, ' which would amply repay the Society for its labour of love.' " Blanchetown.—Several people residing at this place have made application to our nearest ~ ministers, Messrs. Gibson and Barr, to supply them with an occasional service. These brethren have undertaken to maintain a monthly service for six months. " Freeling.—Several members of different Congregational Churches residing at this town ship have made an appeal to the Rev. J. C. McMichael to provide them with a monthly service. He is now doing so with the concur rence and advice of the Wesleyan minister having charge of that circuit. " To this sphere of your efforts which has now ' been reported upon, your Committee most ear nestly invite your consideration. If a Congre gational Union and Home Mission, constituted as yours is, has any line of work more distinctly marked out'for it than another, it is this—of assisting smaller and newly-formed Churches in remote and sparsely-populated districts of the colony. It is simply impossible for a single con gregation in a rural part to support a pastor, as people wish to see their minister supported, and as it is necessary he should be if he is'to live in a state of becoming decency and comfort. But this can only be accomplished either by uniting two or more congregations together under the care of one pastor, or by the auxiliary aid which you tender. In new areas and remote parts (from several of which the cry is coming for your help) your assistance is unavoidably required; and even in some older districts it seems indeed , to be the will of God that Churches should continue feeble and expectant of your aid. But if tbere is to be fidelity on our part; and if there is to be the enterprise in the Church for which, in the world. South Australia ha« acquired so pleasing a reputation, then there must be earnest consideration given to this department of work. And there is encouragement. Seven years ago there were five Churches receiving aid, which now and for some time have been able to dispense with it, and which are now comparatively strong, and are more than com paratively useful. There is Kapunda, Salisbury, Maclaren "Vale, and Kadina. These Churches speak aloud to the Union. Your work in this department must not be slackened. Bat, as there are new areas opening up, and country Churches are sending to them sometimes half a dozen families together, we must follow them with the means of worship and religious ordi nances. " BUSINESS REMITTED TO THE COMMITTEE. " Ministers' Provident Fund.—There was no time at the last annual meetings to enter at any length upon the consideration of this scheme, and accordingly it was again referred to the Committee. The Committee agreed in the con struction of a scheme which it submitted at the half-yearly -meeting, and which was received then with favour. C. Smedley, Esq., was appointed the interim Secretary, and R. A, Tarlton, the interim Treasurer. "Revised Rules of the Constitution of the Union.—This was another matter of considerable importance which was remitted to the Committee. A draft revision, formed on an entirely new basis, had been made previous to the holding of the last annual meeting. Bat when the matter came before the Committee appointed for this last year it seemed to be generally felt that that draft proposed too great and too radical a change of the constitution as now existing, and another was accordingly framed, based upon the old, and admitting only of such changes and additions as were believed to be required. This amended draft is now in your hands, and will be considered. _ "Additional Ministers.—This is another ques tion your Committee has had continual occasion to experience that there was need to take into immediate and serious and practical consideration. Not only are new areas being declared evesy day, as it were, for agri cultural industry, but there are new fields placed before your Committee, and its sym pathy and aid solicited in their behalf. But there is nothing can be done. The continual and instant reply is, we have not a man. There is ao use now in looking to or hoping from the Colonial Missionary Society in London. It simply amounts to time being lost and solemn duty being neglected to continue doing this. What then is to be done? Ministers to some extent must be reared here. Now and then a Church which can afford it may bring out a minister from home, but this of course can never meet the wants of the entire eountry. Men must be trained, and the means for training them cannot be a day too quickly organized. And this brings your Committee to refer next to " The Union College. —N ot that it has occupied any of your Committee's attention during the past year, but at the last annual meeting it was referred to in the general report, and a special report was read upon it by the Rev. J. Jefferis. The proposal to found such a College first of all emanated from your Committee. The words of the first resolution were—'That it is desirable to encourage and assist a few suitable young men, members of our Churches, to prepare themselves for the-Christian ministry.' There were sanguine hopes entertained whan the College was started that the end contemplated was really going to be achieved. But the success of the adventure only served to bring to light a wider want, the want of a complete University. We cannot j murmur at this, we do not complain of -it; toe j liberal a provision cannot possibly exist for the very highest education, and if what was only humbly conceived in the meetings of your Com mittee has so far exceeded their expectations we will only render thanksgiving to God that He has so unexpectedly blessed the undertaking. But still it remains; we want the means for training young men for the ministry, and a new provision will require to be made. " The magazine will be particularly reported upon. The half-yearly meeting was held at Glenelg on Tuesday, 8th October last. There was a very good attendance both of ministers and delegates. The Chairman, the Rev. F. W. Cox, read, a paper on ' Councils of Reference,' a question which afterwards formed the subject of a resolution in favour of them ; moved by Rev. C. B. Symes, and seconded by Mr. W. Bruce. There was a majority in favour of the institution of such Councils, but the whole subject was deemed too grave a one to be decided upon then, and will come up for discussion at the present meetings. " NOTES. " Under the benign and preserving care of God we have to express our thanksgiving that death has not been permitted to weaken the ranks of our ministers during the year. It would be strange, however, if while the ministers themselves have been preserved, death had not touched them or personally affected them throughout so long a period. It is but meet that we should, as a general assembly of our Churches, recognise the stroke which has fallen upon our beloved brother, the Rev. H. M. Hodge, of Port Adelaide. After being long a helpmeet of her husband as a minister of Christ, and after a lengthened residence in this colony, Mrs. Hodge fell asleep on the 18th March. We beg to express to our brother our most heartfelt sympathy and affection. " We have already had occasion to allude to the Rev. H. Cheetham being now pastor of the Churches at Milang and Point Sturt. He was introduced to his new charge in the month of October last. "It is with sincere regret that we recall (as having happened within the past year) the departure of the Rev. E. Griffiths for England. He left in November last. He was a useful member of your Committee, and one of the office j bearers of the Union. We have all therefore sustained a loss in his departure—the Church at Kensington more especially, over which he was I pastor. May the Lord of the harvest send 1 another labourer soon who shq.ll edify and com fort that Church, and supply Mr. Griffiths* place" in our councils. "ha the course of the year the Rev. S. L, Harris resigned his pastoral charge of the Church at Hindmarsh; and on the 2nd De cember Mr. John McEwin was ordained as his successor. ""As has been already referred to, the Rev. J. A. Dowie resigned his pastoral charge of the church at Alma, in the beginning of December. " It will be gratifying to all that the Rev. A. Scales has returned to this colony—a ministerial brother whom all esteem, and whose ministra tions are so highly valued. " It is with pleasure that we embrace thin our first public opportunity of referring to the arrival^ in the colony of Mr. Matthew Dick, an" accredited preacher of the Gospel in connection with our Churches. He has come to try the colony for his health, and has been able to do, some ministerial work since his arrival. He has occupied the pulpit at Clayton; Chapel far some, Sabbaths, and is now at Alma, having been advised to. try the country as well as the vicinity of Adelaide. Our sincere hope and. prayer is that Mr. Dick may find the climate beneficial to him, and that he may be led by oUr Lord and Master to exercise his ministry amongst us." - Mr. Whetmobe, in place of the Hon.; Secre tary, Mr. C. Smedley, who could.notbe present, read the report of the Chapel Building Society, which said-:—" There have been no grants made during the year. The interest onthe capital has been regularly paid; its funds are thereby' slowly but steadily increasing, the increase this year being £56 12s. 6d. The accounts have been audited and found correct.' The present assets are—Loans, £1,489 6s. 3d,; interest and; rent, £70 7s. 6 entire assets, £1,65315s. 10d." ■ MINISTERS' PROVIDENT FUND. . Mr. Whetmobe also presented the report on' the above, which stated that " thisSooiety at its outset sustained a loss in the removal of its officers—our rev. and worthy brother, Mr. Griffiths, having left the colony for England; and our none the less esteemed friend,-, Mr. Augustine Stow, who removed to Sydney; the present officers being R. A. Tarlton, Esq., Treasurer, and C. Smedley, Secretary pro teaL The amount in the Savings Bank is £206 2s. 7d., and the prospect of affairs may be garnered from the following 1 state ment:—Applications for membership, 4. It will be remembered that in August last an urgent appeal, signed by F. W. Cor and-E. Griffiths, was sent to all the Churches, and as the above is the total actual response, it is to be hoped that the ministers and delegates at this meeting are prepared to give their applications and promises of support in accordance with, the understanding arrived at at the half-yearly meeting at Glenelg, on which occasion certain sums were named as likely to be received'from the undermentioned Churches:—-North Ade laide, £400; Angaston, £150; Hindmarsh square, £100; Clayton, £50. Surely we have deliberated long enough about this subject; and perhaps an enquiring mind might ask, is April, 1878, to see it an accomplished fact ?" Mr. Flint read the magazine report,- which stated that the credit balance to April 12, 1872, was £59 lis. 2d., and on March 20, 1873, it was £86 4s., showing a profit of £27 12s. 10d. on the year, assuming that all debts on the books were good. The balance to date was made up as follows:—Amount owipg for maga zine, £43 lis. 6d.; do. advertisements, £32 _ls. lOd.; cash in hand, .£7 Is. ; do. in Savings Bank, £1 7s.;"" overpaid printer's account, £2 2s. 8d.—"total, £86 4a. The document then stated that the amount owing for magazines necessarily included nearly all that had been delivered during the past three months, but' over £20 was owing for numbers issued during 1871. 'At a small ex pense the Committee had the magazine de livered at the residences of town- subscribers, which course was deemed more desirable than putting them in pews. The income derivable from advertisements had nearly dis appeared, and the proceeds of 'the sale of magazines was all that could be depended upon to meet expenses. It was thought that the simplest ana most satisfactory way to make the organ remunerative was to return to the guarantee system adopted when the organ first started. The sums could hardly be considered a burden in any case, the whole amount being so small. The proceedings were closed with praise and prayer. Second Dav: Wednesday, Aprtt. 9. The annual meetings of the Congregational Union and Home Mission were continued ou Wednesday, 9th April. At 10 o'clock there was a prayer meeting at Hindmarsh-square Church, and at 11 o'clock the ministers and delegates met tor conference at the same place. The Chairman, the Rev. C. B. Svmes, B.A., pre sided, ana in opening the proceedings apologized for the absence of the Rev. Mr. Lloyd, of Wallaroo, and the Rev. C. Manthorpe, of Glenelg. THE BOLL OF MEMBEBS. The list of members and delegates was njade up as follows:— Stow Church—Rev. Colmer B. Symes, B.A., Messrs. A. Hay, R. Stuckey, M. Go ode, D. Robin, Berry, Knox, and Flint. North Adelaide—Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., Messrs. A. Dowie, J. Porter, W. Bruce, H. Tite, T. Masters, J. Grose, T. Frost, J. M. Anderson, T. W. Harris, J. T. Shawyer. Hindmarsh-square—Rev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. W. Bonnett, J. A. Chartier, J. M. Dowie, S. Whitmore, Geo. Miller, W. C. Bulk, J. Stacy. Glenelg—Messrs. J. Counsell, J. W. Davis, J. Storrie. Port Adelaide—Rev. M. H. Hodge, Messrs. Bickers, Grosse, Ballantyne. Hindmarsh—Rev. John McEwin, Messrs. J. Pickering, M.P., S. Smith, O. C. Thomas, J. Aston, jun., Josiah Mitton, E. Hitton, J. Vardon. Kensington, High-street—Rev.,Wm. Nieholls, Mr. Cowman. Gawler—Rev. J. C. McMichael, Messrs. J. Dawkins, J. Bavies, B. E. Deland, J. Finch; W. Malcolm. Salisbury—J. R. Ferguson. Kapunda—Rev. M. Williams, Messrs. Lewis, Will, Cameron, Small. Kensington, Clayton—Messrs. John Tasker, Gilbert Wood. Maclaren Yale—Rev. J. Howie, Mr. John Brown. Kadina—Rev. W. Wilson. Milaog—Rev. H. Cheetham. Happy Valley—Rev. C. Hall, Mr. Klose. Port Victor, Encounter Bay, and Bald Hills— Messrs. John Higgins, L. Y. Tite. Alma—Mr. Joseph Kelly. Personal members—Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A., Rev. A. Scales, Rev. Matthew Dick, J. A. Dowie. new members. The Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., moved the admission of the Rev. John McEwin, of Hind marsh, as a member of the Union. His name was mentioned at the last meeting, but he was not then admitted as he had not received a call. He had since received a call to the Church at Hindmarsh, where he was labouring with pro spects of great usefulness. The motion was seconded by the Rev. W. WnBON, and carried. The Rev. C. W. Evan, B.A., proposed that the Rev. Matthew Dick be received as a member. Carried. THE REV. A. R. PH1LFS. The above-named gentleman was proposed as a member of the Union, but it was decided that befere he be admitted the circumstances -con nected with his withdrawal from the Union of Victoria should be investigated by a Sub-Com mittee, consisting of the Revs. F. W. Cox, A." Scales, and C. B. Symes, B.A., and Messrs. W. Bruce and M. Goode. THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. On the motion of the Rev. J. C.'McMlCHAEL, seconded by the Rev. J. Howie, a most-cordial vote of thanks was accorded to the Rev. C, B. Symes for his address as Chairman on the pre vious evening, and he was requested to plaee it in the hands of the Committee Republication. THE REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE. The Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., moved the adoption of the report. He explained in re ference to the Union College that the munifi cent offer of Mr. Hughes was first of all made to the Union College; but those connected with it considered that the sum offered would be better applied to education which would be open to the whole colony, and took steps for the forma tion of a University. He thought Union College was entitled to more credit, and he was sorrv to hear some sneering remarks in reference to it at the meeting of the University Association the pievious day. They had not failed in their ideas, but were carrying them out to the utmost according to the means at their dis posal. Arrangements had been made for two classes—one for Greek Testament, which wo'dd be conducted by Mr. Mead; and one for Biblical and Church History, which would be carried on by himself. The Rev. H. Cheetham seconded. The Rev. J. R. Ferguson explained that until lately no intimation of the intention to hold classes had been published. The report was adopted with the substitution of the word "generous" in place of " need" in the last line but one of the paragraph in refe rence to the Union College. DEPUTATION FROM THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The Rev. S. Mead, M.A.,LL.B.} who attended with the Rev. H. J. Lambert as a deputation from the Baptist Association, said that they cherished sincere feelings of regard towards their brethren of the Congregational Union. He was glad that they were to have a Com munion Service/for such services h ad been wy profitable'in connection, with the Baptist Union.' He thought it would bewell at future meetings' to invite members of-the -Congregational eni-, Presbyterian Churches. ^(Applause.) He did, not -, know whether", toey , woiild eves get any further ~ than fids in isfe* rence to toe- meeting of these bodies. In sn^placeB itvraB yery difhetdt for several: churches to exist 'without conflict of interest.1 (Hear, hear.) The Baptists were desirous o£ .. » —" 1? doing something in ftp way of orovidinor-' ^ plinvolipp. f/x 4-V« . „r * , T*?r. : churches: for the people in the -areas, and lie had ;P0 doubt the JJmnn .bail He wished some liberal measure could be devised that would, secure.co- operation. THeah hear.) In cpnclusionhe referred to toeFewhbes of oon versions in.toe colonyi and he in&tod; that too deliberations of theJ Hhion-mlgfc about a larger, harvest5 of results toeady-br&ught; about ' r > r The Rev; H. J. Lambert madea few ramnrin.1 in which he expressedhis -sympathy- with nil that had been said bytoe Rey. Hr.]$Bad. The Chairman, in Y&ponsa;, expressed his. opinion that Hie yaripus Churches,, p vantageously united fordevotiomMraggeeted by Mr. Mead. He" had'"long totoed"xnat too Congregationaliste and £aptiste^could,co-epeiata» inihe' ministry of the Gpspel 'in4-scattered areas.' He had-never seenthfiBllghteet difficulty if they allowedperfect freedom of thonght ahd action* 1 and he did not see why both modea bf baptism^ shotdd not :be:reoQgjaaed; -fie^suggeSted that the officers of the Union toouMbednstrocted to commurricate with those of the Baptist "Assocta Hon as to co-operatibn ui ihe Bew awaa., Af ter discussion it was resolved, ontoe motion* of theBev. J. JEFFERrB,.LL.B.. seconded by th» ReV; J; Howes— frr? . -J . '* That , it be an instruction to the Committed ~of this Union to bold themselves in readiness to co-operate with other Christian denominations* in supplying new areas with Ihe ministrations o£" the Gospel. . • FINANCIAL REPORT. f > Mr. W; C. BuiEr^toefiuancial report J which showed thai the -income, including » balance of £36 19& . 3d. .from last .yhar, was £3XL Ids. 5d. Theria vraa now a balahoe in hand of £281%. ! - . On the motion of Mt.AIDowie, seconded by Mr. J. M. Dowie, toefeport was adopted. \- CHAPEL BUILDING SOCIETY'S REPORT. The Rev.W. WnsoNi moved, the Bev. MrJ Hall seconded, and Jt was resolved |o adops the, report. MINISTERS* PROVIDENT FUND BEPQBT. Mr. W. Lewis moved, toe adoption of toe report. -• "" _ The Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., .complained of the small progress that had been made in in creasing the fund, and ..stated that unless some thing was -done he would 'formally «i»™ toe return of his- subscription and those of Ms members. . After a long discussion, , : ; 1 The Rev. F. W. .Cos moved as an amendment to the motion for toe adoption of . the jreport— " That ff £1,000 is,mot in the hands p? the Trea-' surerby toe next annual meeting toe money bo re turned to the donors. ' Mr.'Cox's motion was carried, and the report was adopted. " ; THE MAGAZINE REPORT.' '■ ■ - _ The Rev. J. Howie' moved, and Mr. W. C." Bulk seconded, toe adoption-of the- report. Carried. * - On the motion of toe Rev. H. CHEgTHAHyiE vote of thanks was accorded to toe Rev. F. W» Cor, the- Editor, and .Mr. W. T. Flint, the Publisher of the Independent, and' they were requested to continue their labours for too ensuing year. • DELEGATES TO UNION COLLEGE. V-w. The fie vs. J. Jefferis, LL. B., Ci B. Byrnes,' B.A., and C. Manthorpej and Messrs. A. Hay, C. Smedley, and F. Searle were appointed delegated to Union College. - CHAIRMAN for 1874-5. The Rev. J. R. FeretiBon was appointed Chair-' man for the year 1874;5. . - - nnwM 1'ifjew aito hOTM*rengT. The appointments .for 1873-4 were' made ad follows: — Committee:—Revs. H.' CJheethain, F. W. Cox, C. W. Evan, B.A.-, J. S.^ Ferguson, J. Jefferis, LL.B., C.: Manthorpe, J. McEwm, A. Scales,C. B. Symes, BtA., J. C. McMichael, Messrs. A.- Adamson, J. M.' Anderson, W. C. Buik, T. Caterer, J. A.1 Chartier, H. Dean, . G. P. Doolette, J^. M. Dome, W. T. Flint, J, Grose, A. Bag, _W. Newbould, G. Phillips, J.J Porter, tf. Robin, J. T. Shawyer, C. Smedley,' J. M. Stacy, J. Storrie, R. A. Tarlton, S. Whit more. Treasurer, Mr. A. Hay; Corresponding Secretary, Rev.J. B. Ferguson; Minute Secre tary; Mr. J. Storrie; Finance Secretary, Mr.' W. C. Buik; Auditors; Mr. J. M. Anderson and. Mr. S. "WMtmore. . BEFBESENTATIVES of union. The Revs. C. B. Symes, B.A., and J. R. P«+ guson were appointed representatives of tow Union to toe Presbyterian Assembly and toa. Baptist Association. THE BETIIUNG CHAIBMAir. A vote of thanks was accorded tb the Rev. F. W. Cox, on the motion of -the Rev. J. C. McMichael, seconded by toe Rev. J.AJeffebiSj. LL.B., for his administration of toe duties oE Chairman during toe past year. At 2 o'clock the meeting adjourned to tha sehoolroom, where an admirable luncheon was provided by Mr. F. W. Lindrum, of top Clarenca ^ Aftebnoon Sitting. NEW CONSTITUTION. A new Constitution was brought' up by toe Rev. J. C. McMichael on behalf of the Rev. F. W. Cox. It was adopted, with amendments. COUNCILS OF bEFEBENCE. -' ■ TheRev.C. B. Symes, B. A.,having temporarily vacated the chair, moved toe following resolu tion, which had been agreed to at; toe half* yearly meeting at Glenelg:— "Thatthe members of this Union being o£ opinion that in weighty matters of common concern, especially those connected with tha founding of new Churches, the settlement on removal of pastors, and cases of disoord in which light and counsel are required, it will con duce to the apiritual welfare of our Congrega tional Churches that they should make it a practice to; seek assistance from each other im way of advice'and counsel, do hereby resolve—. -That'a Committee, consisting of four laymen,' and four, pastors, be Appointed at the «nmin.y meetings as a Council.of Reference;- to whom toe Churches of the Union may appeal for advice-in all cases in wMoh-they may feel too need of: such counsel and assistance." The motion was briefly discussed and unani mously carried. The following gentlemen were elected by? ballot to act. as the .first Council of Reference; —The Revs. C. B. Symes, B.A., F. W. Cox,. J. Jefferis, LL.B., C. Manthorpe, Messrs. A. Hay, J. Storrie, C, Sp^edley, and M. Qoode. StJFPBESSiON t)F. THE UQUOR OSAFFIC. The Rev. J, A. JDowie moved— " That this Union deeply deplores the great evils resulting from' the licensed traffic in in toxicating liquors, and earnestly calls upon all members- of -associated Churches to endeavouc by every private and public effort within theiir power tb diminish aina eventually suppress so man-destroying and God- dishonouring a trade.'*. Mr. Dowie, in snppiort of 'Ms motion, read a' paper containing a large amount of • statistical and other information; He pointed out tha great material waste involved in tod mftnnfnn ture of intoxicants, and rooke Strongly oi toai terrible effects of oyer-indulgenoe, showed by figures the large consumption of intoxicating liquors in Great Britain aind this colony, and. urged that the only wayto lesaen toe pvils which* existed was to suppress the-traffic altogether. Mr. J. Pickering, M. P., seoondedi The Rev. H. CHEETHAM had been A teetotaller all his life,- and would like all Christians to ba so. He, was sure all would use their privata Mr. Dawkins was ' sure every effort they could use would be. put fprth to prevent tha "evils of public-htmse keeping, which were very demoralizing to the young. He did not thine they could do too muoh to suppress too ovils o£ drunkenness. The Rev. John McEwin supported toa motion. He thought the laymen of the Churches were much in advance of the ministers in their views upon this question. * Mr. Jameb Stobrie thought Mr. Dowie had said enough to shew them the evils of intempe rance, but they did not need such a laboured argument to demonstrate their eristence, Tha question was, what was toe best step to reduce* the evils ? Mr. Dowie said j suppress all licensed traffic. But they knew what the effect of that: would be. The traffic would go en unlicensed.' (Hear, hear. ) The latter part of toe motion would lead him at once to oppose it. Mr. J. M. Dowie said the British Government: had tried to suppress the traffic by 400 enact ments. The only way to suppress it was by educating the public mind up to it" by expres sions of opinion like this. The Rev. J. Howie concurred with Mr« Storrie. They all deplored toe evils-that arose from intemperance, and if Mr. Dome's argu ments were uitended to support the first part o£ Ms motion it was a sheer waste of time. Ha denied that toe British Government had tried ta suppress the traffic, but they attempted ta regulate it, and he would most decidedly opposa any attempt to suppress it on principle. They might use moral suasion, but they had no right to forcibly restrain any one from partaking o£ intoxioating liquors. It was the auty of toa Government to regulate but not to suppress too traffic. . Mr. J. A. Chartier was sorry that Mr. Doma had thought proper to bring the motion forward*. and lie hoped he would not put it to the meet ing,for it would do the cause he advocated \- harm. Mr." L. Y. Tub was also sorry that Mr. Dowie had brought forward the motion. - Mr. W, C. Bunt thought they should try to : reduce, the ; evils of intoxication, but they had nprightto suppress the traffic. . TheBev. j. A. Bowie haying replied, the mo . (ion was negatived by a large majority. She meeting then closed. eveking communion. l j Jn .the evening a united communion service , was held at Stow Church. • The Bev. C. B. Sjmes, B.A., the Chairman of the Union,, pre sided, and-there were about 200 people present. Passages at Scripture were , read bytheCHAia . am, .and prayer was offered by him and the Rev. A. Scales. The Rev. F. W. Cox delivered an address to. the communicants, explaining the nature of the ordinance, what was meant by its .: celebration, and what was expected of those who partook .of it. Afterwards the Bev. J. Jzffebis, in speaking to .the spectators, examined a . number of objections that might be raised on ; ;tbe nayt. of those who declined te partake or the , Lord's Supper, and concluded with an earnest appeal. 