THE ABORTIVE OAl'E MAIL ROUTE. . " ANOLO. A UBTHALiAj«"," in tlio European Nail, gives tho following amusing sketch of a meeting on tho Cape mail route : - A curious meeting waa held nt the Cannon-street Hotel on May 19. I any "curious," because Borne fifty or si sty gentlemen took the trouble to giro attendance for (he sole purpose of affirm- ing aa abstract résolution to the effect 41 ¿nat this meeting, consisting of mer- chants, landowners, and others interested in the colonies of Victorin, South Aus- tralia, oud Tasmania, are of opinion that _the.establishment.of a line ol' .steamers to convey the mails, passengers, &c.;, from England to Melbourne in tbs space of forty-two days, via the Capo of. Good Hope, will be a great boon to the colonies ; would be largely mado uso of by passengers and shippers, and would greatly increase the traffic between Great Britain and Australin." The chair was taken by Mr. Laughlin M'Kinnon, and Mr. George Collins Levey addressed the meeting at some length on the advan- tages to shippers, to tho colony, and to ! emigrants of such n service as that con- templated. Colonel Palmer seconded tile resolution, on tho ground that sued & line of steamers would grently benefit the colonies. As the conservative char- acter of the resolution left nothing to bc discussed, it was difficult to define the object for which ve had assembled. It required no ghost to come from the grave io tell us a manifest truth. To the mercantile world Australia is anything but tho terra incognito, that it waB. To Touch, therefore, that speedy and regular communication, by whatever route it could bo obtained, Was highly desirable, was but to tell us what we all knew, and what, indeed, was patent upon tho face of it. The meeting was therefore curious, inasmuch »B it woe invited to feast oí a skeleton. /ere WAS very little to say-indeed, \ nothing- if ono kept within tho Winds of the resolution, for whilo ir was ol' an abstract character, it hud tho peculiar virtue of truth, if it lacked the merit of consistency. In this respect it way bc called a hybrid résolution. It would bo within tho scope of tho resolution to say that it was desirable to ¡jet to Mel- bourne rid (hs Capo in forty-two days, but you wore called to order and asked to confine yourself to the question if you ventured to discuss how it was done. The thing to affirm was that it was desirable, and the " fun of the fuir1' was to observe the struggles a lot of prac- tical men made to say something that should be more than a mere affirmative, and how they wore brought up by tho worthy and good-tempered chairman when they got-not out of their depth, but beyond the limits of the resolution. Mr. Youl warned the meeting not to ex- pect too much, and advised any passible promoters of a company to go iu for emigrants and cargo, because if they showed they could do the service in forty-two davs, they would inevitably carry the mails and sccuro the subsidy. Another gentleman pointed out that the voyage could not be done in the time, and if it could that it would never pay ; whereupon Mr. Bowman said that Vic- toria had nothing to do with that ; what they wanted was tho service, lt was a matter of no moment to them how much money was lost in the concern so long ns Victoria got'what she wanted. I cannot say that the rest of tho Victorians present choered this «elfish idea. As colonists, we remembered that we were in Cannon street,. and wo also reflected that we would not have cheered it even in Mel- bourne. Men do not usually enter upon speculations with failure staring thom in the face,' but when tboy do undertake difficult enterprises they hardly care to be told that there is no sympathy in «tore for them if they should fail. In (he end the resolution was approved, and the meeting separated. The service is therefore open to com- petition. But as yet I have soon no move on the part of any company to undertake it. It is clear that to do thc service in forty-two days a, vessel must , have a large coal - capacity, because sha could not «ton to coal after leaving tiny port in the United Kingdom until sho reached the Capo. Some of tho Union Co.'s steamers haye made the run from Southampton to Table Bay in twenty six days, and I think one of tho transports engaged in tho Abyssinian war made the run ont to Simon's Bay in twenty-four days. Well, another knot an hour would result in the voyage being Accomplished in twenty days, or thereabouts. Then take a day at least for conting and dispatch, and il is required that a vessel should maintain a speed of something like IfjJ knots to come within the scope and intent of the resolution to which 1 have drawn your attention. If a company cati be formed to do this it will secure the postal service, of thp Cape as «veil as that of Australia. I fear, however, that while it is possible to run the distance in tho time stated, it will never pay until we can get a motive power out of the element upon which a vessel skims. TPK'ISTBRKATIONAL ExitnirTroN at .South Kensington (says the ¡european Mail) has already been visited by upwards of eighty thousand persons, ond it is estimated that at least six times that number will have passed through the turnstiles'prior to its closing in October next. On entering at the east door thc first tiling that attracts attention is the long array of «abs and carriages, Mid iiuloed vehicles of all descriptions. Thc cooking apparatus next meets tho «ye of the visitor, and further. westward he arrives at what is known as Frank Buckland's Museum-a room set apart for his valuable collection of fish and fishing appurtenances. On May 7 wo had thc opportunity of seeing tho young salmon that had, been hatched from the eggs stored away by thc Wenhoin Lake Ice Company, some 120 days since, at tho instance of Mr. J. A. Youl, an old Australian colonist. They were for tho most uart about ono inch iu length, and resembled as much a possible thc small fish which used to be eaten, tu such large numbers on the occasion of thc Premier's visit to Green- wich, and which we usually call " whitebait." Passing ronud to thc western portion of tho building, thc visitor suddouly emerges iuto the din and uproar of the machinery department. Various kinds of machines are exhibited, tho most noticablc of which to tho general visitor are the working looms which have been brought from Coventry. The steam apparatus used for sulking sugar almonds also attracts considerable attention. Then there is thc silk department, tho picture gallery, &ud; a large room set apart for the show of pipes and tobácea - a most noteworthy feature ia this year's Exhibition, In the school of cookery Mr. Buekmastor twice a day delivers lectures to a densely crowded audience, and shows how palatable Australian meat can be modo with judicious under-cooking. Thc lec- turer frankly confesses that the savoury con- tents of those 4-lh. tins of Antipodean beef aro best oateu cold, but os there may be coses and circumstances in which cold meat is unin- viting he proceeds to illustrate four or live different modes iu wliicli it can be warmed up. On the occasion of our visit wc had the oppor- tunity of tasting some soup, a very savoury stew, and a few really excellent croquets, that were made bofore our eyes, and the conclu- sion we came to was that so long as it bc very little cooked tho sooond time, tho meat, which is now imported in such largo quantities from our Austrahaucolonies, can bc served upas palatable, aud in many cases would prove more digestible than much of the moat sold in the English markets. Outside thc "School of Cookery " arc to be seen daily two German soldiers cooking their dinner in the same maimer as thc whole of thc forces did in tho time of the Franco-German war. Thc Colonial annexe is not yet opened, owing to thc late arrival of several of tho exhibits. Wc shall not fail to give our readers a full account of this special " show " when ope» to the public. Before concluding our notice, wc may remind our readers that daily orchestral pcrformauccs are given in thc Itayal Albert Hall, nuder tho onnductorship of Mr. Bamby, to which visitors to tho Exhibition aro admitted free. 