OF 8HAESFEASE. lotalv with atimixed delight, ai J®!!® ^thfal lecture on the study of wSered as auriiiaiy tp that fl*®!.^ Tnd in harmony fcith our" usual # ne , ,«t I dissent fromowpropoEition til the l-TBom of- Catholic parents, ^SSL, presumably, a Proliant." the brilliant egoesflion of l» r6nbS S TOter, that the Poet of Botno fflwero „ aBlossom of-Catholicism," ^frrav that candour wifi aoquit me of |il®. e f7 m foet with BectarianiBm or SL° g or even with- exalting ritual above Jjigotryi " gj g g eniuB univerealised all it ' The lessons of the domestic ^ Z om' a mother's voice cannot (as, has ' J»U said) be severed from the heart some laceration of tiie mowfl nature, ^ tt -tomortal boy," bom of Catholic. "" might retain through Gfe the tinge : «Sociations. Conservative, tcm- 0 ^ a lover of order and stability, sensible P???. importance of .realising a small in.de- I somewhat of a courtier, and ' ^.1 /II.J.IK'MA am) rLs1^aiMi4li\ QI fSfrnwer of individual character to create ^ Sm happiness, oif the heart's own, le 0 my to diffuse 'jriches fineless," be the rovernmeiit what it may, Shakspeare . .had C sympathy with revolution, with rash SeHf Novation. «' I'd as lief be a S ; he &w; (TwelfthNight), with confir and disgust, .The " Brownists " or 'fieoaiatists" were tbe ancestral root of the JXn Independent and Congregational ? rcto So says the Bev. A. M. Henderwhose accuracy , I assume to be trustbv on a matter so near , and so dear to um This is the one expression I can find STaie plays: it negatively and indirectly hvours my theory. But I aspire to show the mn'i religion from internal evidences, when. Ms genius is most fervent. _ - Throughout the whole of his works, "the Friar" is always a wise, loving, and useful Mend, capable of inspiring deep attachment L confidence. " Farewell, dear father," is the language both of Borneo and of Juliet. ) exception, one ribald slander only, is into the month of Lucio, in " Measure for 8DM»—Lucio, a brainless, coarse, frivo- ,„„ ne'er- do-well; a wanton scandal-monger, 8worthless rou<5 I But thefriar in "Much Bj 0 about Nothing" is a sagacious and dignified benefactor; his, brother, in " Measure for Measure," is no less clear headed than conscientious. "I will bribe you," says Isabel jo Angelo, " with prayers from fasting maids, (Those minds are dedicate to nothing tem- " Note how aptly the rights and inciof tbe Old Church come to his pen; jote the manner, no less than the matter, in the following instances :— Hamlet.—Act 1, sc. 1. 1 1 1 have heard that when •'The cock, that is the herald of the morn, «Doth with his loud and shrilly clarion "Awake the God of Day, the extravagant and erring spirit flies 11 To hie confine. . . 11 The nights are wholesome then, "So hallowed and so gracious is the time," &e.; have I heard, and- do, in part, believe it." Why " in part ?" For we had just been told that Horatio, when informed by the soldiers of what they had seen, said «' it was all fantasy! !" Why this inconsistency ? Because the speech of Marcellus is almost a literal translation of a hymn of St. Ambrose— Praco diei jam sonat. _ * Noctis profundie pervigil, Tune omnis errorum chorus. Viain perdidit nocendi, Sea., &c.;, &c.; A tradition thus embalmed no good Catholic thought it safe to impugn, though he mrald use his common sense when a sentinel told a ghost yarn. 2. The Ghost's terrible Etetcli of purgatory is well known. I am am of the objection that a versatile dramatist ever knows the right words for every mouth, therefore Shakspeare knew that the religion of Hamlet must be Boman, &c.; Bat, it is the manner that impresses me;—the ready fluencyand perfect mastery of details. The soliloquy of Claudius goes deep into the Doctrines of the Confessional. I respectfully appeal to Catholic Theologues. I aver that nose save a Catholic born, bred, and con- Etant, could have written, " Then I'll look up, "My fault is past. But oh! what form of Prayer "Can serve my turn? Forgive me my foul murder, "That cannot be, since I am still possess'd " Of those effects, for which I did the murder, "My crown, mine own ambition, and my queen, "May one be pardoned and retain the offence," &o.;, &c.;, &e.; Then, with marked affection for this rite and its discipline, he contrasts earthly justice Kith heavenly, " In the corrupted currents of uis world, &e.;, &c.; In the ritual of the Confessional, Restitu tion takes the Jirst place. The penitent muBt Bet only restore his ill-gotten plunder, bat divest himself of every relio thereof. Then, and not till then, commences the procesB of Purging away and absolving the sin. If * Ion g. pray let me be corrected. Another allusion to this rite is in "Macbeth," Act V.:— i'i iK? e s bculd have died hereafter, There wopld have been a time for such a word:" (When? When could Macbeth have been > to beat so great s loss than.he was " To-morrow (®nd to-morrow," &a.;, &c.;, -.! " To thelaflt'flyllable ofreoorded Titae." (i.e., tothe news just, communicated tome.) I. read this passage thus :<r- " She should have died, when she had prepared herself ior death by Confession. I prayed her so to do. She said, 1 To-morrow.' The morrow oame. Again she put it off. Death overtakes us in the midst of our procrastination of the one thing needful. What is life ? A shadow without reality. Death only is certain." (4.) Lear. " Tremble thauwretch That hast within thee undivolged crimes, '' Unwhipt of justice. Close pent-up guilts, " Rive yonr concealing continents," &«., &c.; Why " undivulged ?" Because Confession is a duty. (5.) So, in " Macbeth'':— " The Queen thy mother " Was a most sainted 'lady, and oftener upon her knees " Than in her life, died every day she lived.' This is the Catholie reading of St. Paul's words, "I die daily:" and not the Teceived Protestant interpretation. To abstract the mind from earth, and to approach God in prayer is, in Catholie devotion, "to die." Macduff means that the Queen daily prayed with fervour. (6.) I agree with my accomplished friend in admiration of the beauty of the prayer of Henry V., the night before the battle. But I appeal [to any ProteBtant scholar of authority whether it be the prayer he would expect his minister to sanction in an Evangelical ProteBtant of the present day ? " I Richard's body iiave interr'd anew, " And on it have bestowed more contrite tears " Than from it issued, forced drops of blood; " Five hundred poor I keep in daily prayer, " Who lift their withered hands to heaven. " And I have built " Two chantries, where the sad and solemn priests " Sing still for Richard's soul." A prayer more beautiful cannot fall on a musical ear; a prayer less " Protestant" cannot be appreciated by a clear judgment, not' withstanding the example of Nehemiah 1 (7.) In " Henry YlII " we come, perhaps, closer to the man. The first remark the student makes is the poet's great reticence. How little there is of polemics! Miss A, Boleyn is called by Wolsey "a spleeny Lutheran." Bishop Gardiner is told by Cromwell that he is " feared, not loved," and has "a cruel nature and a bloody;" an oblique tribute is paid to the virtues of Sir Thomas More; and Cranmer is depicted as a sort of " blanc- bec" whose tears lie too aear the surface. I agree with Sam Johnson— the entire interest of the play oomes in and goes out with Eatherine. How noble, and how queenly is her comment on the pane gyric of Wolsey; how cheerfully we surrender ourselves to her foretaste—vision of heaven 1 Katherine was a good Catholic; she is drawn as the one model Christian in the play. Her censures are calm in their inherent dignity her forgiveness melts iis by the gentleness of its nobility—" a blossom of Catholicism.'" Whether this moral evidence be held con elusive or not, let not the writer be thought to disparage the rational lay discourses on the Eastern-hill. Shakspeare's religion was, after all, like that of every man of mind or of genius, emphatically his own. Such men never lose the memories of the domestic hearth, but they tinge, modify, and expand them, never deracinate or destroy. The heir, proud of ancestry, yet conscious of nature's progress, prunes luxuriance, imports floral treasures, destroys vermin, and cleanses from time to time the streamlet so dear to his boyhood- But he preserves the old contemporary trees, and in all his improvements makes his ancestral hall more itself. Our.poet made " the old Church to blossom," that genius might for ever live merrily beneath the bough, And let the writer, whose watchword is nul lius addictus, alike to Laud and Hugh Peters, alike to Newman and to Holyoake, wish a hearty God-speed to the rational sons of progress, who now seek to disarm fanaticism of her dullness, to wed the piety of Sunday to the refined pleasures of intellect, and to disencumber Christianity of the weights that are now fast, fast sinking it for ever. 