Curiosities; of Animal ann Wettable £tft* QUALIFICATIONS FOR A NATURAL HISTORIAN. LET no one think that Natural History is a pursuit fitted only for effeminate or pedantic men. We should say, rather, that the quali- fications required for a perfect naturalist are as many and as lofty as were required by old chivalrous writers for the perfect knight er- rant of the middle ages; for, to sketch an ideal—of which, we are happy to say, our race now affords many a fair realization— our perfect naturalist should be strong in body, able to haul a dredge, climb a rock, turn a boulder, walk all day, uncertain where he shall eat or rest ; ready to face sun and rain, wind and frost, and to eat or drink thankfully anything, however coarse or meagre ; he should know how to swim for his life, to pull an oar, sail a boat, and ride the first horse which comes to hand ; and, finally, he should be a thoroughly good shot, and a skilful fisherman; and, if he go far abroad, be able, on occasion, to fight for his life.-Kingsley's Glaucus. THE HOWLING DOG. In Kelly's Indo-European Tradition and Folk-lore, we read :-In the office assigned to the Dog of the Aryans, as a messenger from the world of the dead, we see the origin of that very wide-spread superstition which recognizes a death-omen in the howling of a .dog. An intelligent Londoner tells me he bas often seen the omen. given, and verified its fulfilment. The dog's mode of proceed- ing on such occasions, he says, is this : "The animal tries to get under the doomed person's window ; but if the house stands .within an enclosure, and it cannot get in, it runs round the premises very uneasily, or paces up and down like a sentry. If the dog succeeds in making an entry, it stops under the window, howls horribly, finishes with three tremendous barks, and hurries away. " The same superstition prevails in France and -in Germany. In the latter country, a dog howling before a house portends either a .death or,a fire. If it howls along the high- way, that is held in Westphalia to be a sure token that a funeral will soon pass that way. " In the German, as in the Aryan mythology, the dog is an embodiment of the wind, and also an attendant on the dead. It appears in both characters in Odin's wild hunt. Dogs .see ghosts, and when Hel, the goddess of death, goes about, invisible to human eyes, ¡..she is seen by the dogs. ' FLIGHT OF BIRDS. Hawks, and many other birds, probably fly at the rate of 150 miles an' hour ; Sir ?George Cayley computes the common crow to fly at nearly 25 miles an hour. Spallan .zani found the rate of the swallow at about .92 miles an hour, while he conjectures the .rapidity of the swift to be nearly three times greater. A falcon which belonged to Henry IV. of France escaped from Fontainebleau, and in twenty-four hours afterwards was found at Malta, a distance of not less than 1530 miles - a velocity nearly equal to 57 miles an hour, supposing the falcon to have been unceasingly on the wing. Éut, as such birds never fly by night, and, allowing the day to be at the longest, his flight was, per- haps, equal to 75 miles an hour. If we even restrict the migratory flight of birds to 50 miles an hour, how easily can they perform their most extensive, migrations ! Fair winds may perhaps aid them at the rate of 30 or 40 miles an hour ; nay, with three times greater rapidity.-Dr. Fleming's Philosophy of Zoology. FISHES TRAVELLING ON LAND. The Doras costata, or Hassar, is one of those species of fishes which possess the sin- gular property of deserting the water and travelling overland. In those terrestrial ex- cursions, large droves of the species are fre- quently met with during very dry seasons. When the water is leaving the pools in which they commonly reside, while most other I fishes perish for want of their natural ele { ment, or are picked up by rapacious birds, the flat-headed hassars, on the contrary, simultaneously quit the place, and march over land in search of water, travelling for a whole night, as is asserted by the Indians, in search of their object. Mr. Campbell, of Sparta Estate, Essequibo, and his family, in an excursion to the sand-reefs, fell in with a drove of these animals, which were on their march over land to abranch of the Pomeroon. They were so numerous that the negroes filled several baskets with those they picked up. Their motion over land is described to be somewhat like that of the two-footed lizard. They project themselves forward on their bony arms by the elastic spring of the tail exerted sidewise. Their progress is nearly as fast as a man will leisurely walk. The strong scuta or bands which envelope their body, must greatly facilitate their march, in the manner of the plates under the belly of serpents, which are raised and depressed by a voluntary power, in some measure performing the office of feet. The Indians say that these fishes carry water within them for a supply on their journey. There appears to be some truth in this state- ment ; for it has beeu observed that the bodies of the hassars do not get dry like those of other fishes when taken out of the water ; and if the moisture be absorbed, or they are wiped dry with a cloth, they have such a power of secretion, that they become instantly moist again. It is scarcely possible to dry the surface while the fish is living. Dr. Hancocki, Zoological Journale. REPRODUOTIVENESS OE VEGETATION. Nature has given to certain of its vegetable productions more duration than to empires ; certain oak trees have seen many dynasties pass away ; and the acorn that we tread under our feet, the olive-stone. that we roll between our fingers, and the cedar-cone that is swept by the wiud may flourish and cover the ground with shade, when the hundreds of generations which may come after us will have given back to the earth that hand- ful of dust that they alternately have bor- rowed from it.-De Lamartine. GROWTH OE CORK. The species of oak called the Cork Tree lives the longer by frequent stripping; be- cause the cork is in truth nothing more than a fungous substance, which prevents the old cuticle being thrown off, and thus proves in- jurious to the whole plant. Drummond notes that "when the tree is left to nature, it sel- dom lives longer than fifty or sixty years ; but when the cuticle is stripped off every eighth or tenth year, it will live above a cen- tury and a half. " 