. |tt Imorram- 8D. JL §♦ In the obituary of the Home News, which the last mail brought to Melbourne, was the name of the Rev. T. Hart Davies, minister of Christchurch, Eamsgate. There are still many in this country who, on reading this announcement, will have their thoughts carried sadly back nearly twenty years, and will recall to their minds the short, but never-to-be-forgotten, period of Archdeacon Davies' minister in St. Peter's Church, in this citv. To all such a few sentences recalling that period, and the communication of the few facts which a private letter has made known to us concerning the last days of one loved and honoured in his lifetime with a love and honour more than is ordinarily given to men, will not be unacceptable. In his early life the late Archdeacon was an officer in the army, and had attained the rank of brevet-major before it pleased God to direct his thoughts to that office for which His grace had chosen him, and for the fulfilment of which He endowed him with singular gifts of the Holy Ghost. It was, therefore, late in life, comparatively speaking, when he went to Cambridge, where he entered as a fellow-commoner at Trinity Hall, and in course of time having taken his degree, was ordained by Dr. Stanley, Bishop of Norwich, to the curacy of Holcombe, in Suffolk. He was afterwards curate at Knares borough, in Yorkshire, and subsequently to that he was the first minister of Trinity Church, Nottingham. It was, we think, during the period of his residence at Cambridge that he formed the acquaintance of the Bishop of Melbourne, and then laid the foundations of a friendship which death itself cannot destroy. It was specially interesting to us to know that he took great joy in hearing of the celebra tion of our Bishop's twenty-fifth anniversary. It was in 1851 that he came to Melbourne, at the invitation of the Bishop, to take the office of minister of St. James' Cathedral, and with it the dignity of Archdeacon of Mel bourne. But, as he arrived shortly after the lamented death of Mr. Newham had rendered the church of St. Peter's vacant, the Archdeacon was appointed to that church; and at the same time, the present Dean of Melbourne was appointed to St. James'. Mr. Davies commenced his ministry at St. Peter's on the first Sunday in October, 1851. It was, how ever, very soon discovered, to the great regret of his parishioners, that the climate of Victoria was inhospitable to him. His health had suffered when he had, in earlier days, served in hot countries, and the old malady reasserted itself under the influence of our bright sun and hot winds. Eeluc tantly, therefore, the Archdeacon resigned his cure, and returned to England in the 'Great Britain' on her first voyage from Australia, in January 1853. After some time, spent in advocating the cause of the church' in Victoria, he accepted the incumbency of Christ Church, Bamsgate, and there he laboured until the day of his death, which occurred on the first Sunday of this year, twenty years from the time of his leaving the colony. For some time past the vigour of his bodily health had declined, but he was still able to preach on Sunday morning and on Thursday evening, to the large congregation that assembled in Christ Church; and still, 'in the pulpit, grace, unction, and fire were always granted to him.' He had taken part in, and much enjoyed the day of prayer for missions, on the 20th December. On New Year's Day, he assembled his flock according to his custom, and ministered to them in much spiritual power, addressing his people on Ps. cxv., and contrary to even his expectation he was enabled to preach on the following day (Thursday) from the text Ps. xci. 9, 10. On the following Sunday he awoke in much weakness, but went to church ; and a sermon from the text Heb. xiii. 8, 'Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever,' ' closed,' says our correspondent, ' his faithful, loving ministry.' He then administered the Holy Communion, and this was his last public act. He almost passed from the sacramental communion to that true and real presence of the Lord, where His people are like Him, for they see Him as He is. From church he walked home, retired to rest in the evening, somewhat rallied; slept until a quarter to twelve, when he awoke, and departed gently and happily soon after midnight, to be with Him, whom not having seen he loved. In recalling the ministry of the late Archdeacon Davies, something may be said of the times during which it was exercised in Victoria. It was just after the separation of Port Phillip from New South Wales had been accomplished. It was just after the first certain discovery of gold bad almost revolutionised our hitherto quiet people. A great rush of emigrants came to our shores, the prices of all ordinary articles rose enormously, and it seemed as if every one was painfully and feverishly making haste to be rich, and forget ting every other object of interest. It was a matter of no small thankfulness that at that time the Church of England possessed in Melbourne a clergyman, whose varied experience of life, as well as his special gifts of intellect and force of character, fitted him so to witness for the kingdom which is eternal, and the true riches thereof, as powerfully to impress the minds of men whom, the gold fever was distracting. Short as was the period of his ministry, it has been given to few to make so lasting an impression, or to maintain so long an influence over men. Those who were members of his flock will still say that after him there has arisen no one like him, the impress of whose mind their being more vividly retains. We should hardly call him a popular preacher, in the ordinary sense 'of the word. He used no tricks of rhetoric, nor subtle ties of argument. Plain and straightforward, like his life, were his sermons, though they were always prepared with great care, and never was there lacking to them the grace of lucid arrangement and appropriate diction. But it was more for their matter than for their manner, and more for a certain freshness and, as it were, prophetic force, imparted to the former, than for original thought, and more above all for the unction of them, that the preacher of those sermons was to so many the 'lovely sound of one that hath a pleasant voice.' . There arises before us now the vision of the little church — it was little in those days— crowded from end to end; the forms brought in and placed in the alleys and passages. We see, again, the gallant figure, the kindling eye, and on memory's ear fall the varied inflections of the voice, the tender earnestness of the tones, the short, terse sentences, like those of St. John's Epistle, that spoke the preacher's full assurance of those realities of which he so strenuously sought to impart to his people that persuasion, out of the abundance of which his lips were wont to speak. No one who ever came into contact with the late Archdeacon but felt that he came into contact with a man of strong character, and of great truth of mind. Perhaps his early life had given him that knowledge of men, and of their wants and needs, and of the subtleties of the human heart, which . were exhibited in: his preaching, and gave to it much of its attractive power.. If so, it was the gold of Egypt brought into the holy place. : ': But that for which he is to be remembered chiefly is the earnestness and singleness of heart with which his soul longed after the living God. Not so much the accurate expres sion of doctrines about Christ, or about the way of salva tion -^-though these things he did not undervalue: — as Christ himself, in His person and relation to men, in His offices and in His work, was the subject and the aim of his ministry. It might be said of him in regard to much that legitimately finds expression from the Christian pulpit — that he was, in a; literal sense, 'determined to know nothing save Jesus Christ and Him crucified.'. He spoke as one to whom Christ was: habitually present, and like Abraham interceding for Sodom,; ?he was humbled and emboldened by the sense of that most awful — that most gracious communion. This characteristic was specially manifested in his customary expositions of the Song; of Solomon, which generally formed the material of his addresses to the communicants. .'. ?.'.''.. Perhaps it might be said that he had but an imperfect: sympathy with those who are tried by the mental and spiritual difficulties which in these later days have perplexed many earnest and truth-loving souls, and which certainly perplexed the spirit of some of the most deeply spiritual of the inspired psalmists and prophets. His own directness and faithfulness of soul, his abhorrence of self-deceit, may have inclined him to judge too hastily some whose difficulties of belief were due to ?a nervous sensitiveness which weakened their character, and which he thought was the effect of a lack of simplicity and godly sincerity. Yet he could be very tender, and gentle, and patient towards all who were seeking for light, and following \- hard, if painfully, after peace with God. His sermon on the Syrophoenician woman still remains in the memory of the 4 writer of these memorials. Certainly of him it might be said, that never did his spiritual vision grow dim; that even when! .he w;as suffering. under the depression of ill-health, his ministry ;,was inspired by joy in the Holy Ghost. ;His life; both ?social ,and public, might, well be, (characterise.d-,1by , .a -verse, he used frequently to quote — 'Neither be ye sorry^for the joy of the Lord is your strength.' ?. .. . On the Sunday after the knowledge of his death was brought to Melbourne, Dean Milman's beautiful hymn— -^ ' Brother, thou art gone before us,' was sung in St. Peteps Church; and, the preacher, at one time his curate, preaching from the text Ps. xlii. 2, said a few words in thankful copb memoration of his former master in the Church of Christ* 