uneii) ployed, and iuIoidib its slisreuoiaers inni the demand for caeb bas fallen to that unplea sant amount within the laet six months. Per haps it ia still more extraordinary to fiud the Colonial Government in tbe same state of ex ceptional and fortunate embarrassment. It has now, ' in iien of iiuancial difficulties, to deal with the difficulties of excess of means at its command,' A large balance of public revenue stands to the credit of the Adminis tration at the bank where it is not wanted, and Ministers ere compelled to lock np £200,000 of trust funds ' because securities in which to invest it cannot be found.' Never, even in tbe hyperboles of Asiatic story- tellers has ,aneh a picture of wealth and ease been presented to the world. There remains, how ever, it will be thought, an awkward question still. What about tbe Maori ? Five shurt years ago this ruthleBB savage was hovering abont our settlements with bis tomahavk, and so terrifying the colonists that an army t,l British troops' was thought all too little for their protection. In 1869 the laBt regiment of tbe [uiporial garrison was recalled, and New Zealand w«s left without a single red «uat. Our readers can hardly have forgotten the outcry of the dolorous prophecies of mas «acre and ruin, combined with no little men ace of retribution, which then crowded our columns. Well, the step was taken ; the con .stimination occurred, ai.d what ere now the results as thown by actual experience ?^Since that time ' there has not been anything in the nature of rebellion.' New Zealand wars bave plready become things of the past, and ibe ' poettiad of affaire has contiraed to im prove.' There is now hardly a Maori to be eeen, except, indeed, io the Oolonial House of Commons. Abroad in tbe country he is ecaredy to be recognised, save ly his skin. He has' 4(6001116 an indofitrious, money-making «nl-ject of the Queea, clever at making a bar gain, thoroughly np to the advantages of a ^ood contract, and wanting only a Trade Union to pot bim on a level with the most humanised of artisans. He gives no more -tremble as a eavage. He has no time for, ' eqiiattiDg'M indoleiice or vagrancy, bnt car ries bis natural abilities to a new market as adroitly as the cleverest of Yankees. He is now a civil, inrtead of « military engineer, ?and. employs in open roads and bridges tbe gift of coaatroctivei«S6 which used to be ex- : (tressed in impregnates ' pahs.' In fact he is ais good a colonist as bis n igbbors, and i 'bears no malioe on tho score of bygones. Of ] ?conpie this wonderful story has net been told ?without « moral — whicn, indeed, most readers will have already drawn for them eelves. His is a country twice as larire as England wd Wales, with a climate described «s tbat of (his island ' withont its winter and with land of most excellent quality «(4liug at from £3 to £6 an acre, with rail ways, post-i ffices, and telegraphs all in full operation, with all desirable facilities for techoul edocation and social intercociae, and with such conditions of existenoe generally that 'the life of a country settler is as much like tbe ordinary life of an English gentle man-farmer «s it is possible to be.' Now, Ootid there be a more perfect paradise for a Land and Labour League? Labour iB so tnocb in demand that *? as every vessel laden ?Wilh immigrants comes to the colony they fiud good plaoee tbe moment they aet foot on ?bore;' and land, as we bave said, is to I e bought for n- xt to nothing. In all this spaci ous and inviting coontiy there are barely ?800,000 people— tlut is to say, not a hun dredth part of the population of these islands. It in'irgt, Indeed, be remembered that in spite « f tbeae conditions ti e capacity of tbe colony ftr receiving immigrants advantageously is limited We have repeatedly explained in these c- looms that it requires a large settled population . to support a large and constant immigration. Emigrauta who go to New Zealand, mini they go with the means of at once bringing land under cultivation and aepporting themselves till it becomes produc tive, most depend for wagea on the wants of tbe settlers who have preceded tbem. These want*, it -s now evident, are rapidly increas ing, and the state of aoeiety in the colony ?ill eoon be such as to call for many services beyond those of the farm labourer and do mestic servant ; and until this occurs the de mand trill be email, and in the meantime the raw material cf indostry is land. That com modity, whicli is so soaree iu this country, gluts the market at the Antipodes. There is land,, and. good land, enough to satisfy the wants of miilions, but it ia not every man who is a Wa farmer, or who has where withal to kaep himself till his farm begins to pa*. For families who can take ont a little -?, ital there i« unlimited room in New Zea tnd ; for firtii-Ubonrere aod servants qualified jr the duties ofiarm-honsM there is a strong lemand. The Umita of the case, however, will be readily understood from tbe moderate intimates of onr correspondent himself, wbo, after tbe glowing description of affairs as 4iveu above, is content to say New Zealand j :ould well receive and well remunerate some 15,000 or 20,000 immigrants a year The ringle objection to the settlement is its re moteness, and that, no doubt, is often a fatal one. Few people care to go to the ends of .be earth when they can get what tbey want ay crossing tbe Atlantic. The voyage to New Zealand is still long and tedious; the trip to Canada takes little ftbovfi a week. Vet tbere is a great relief even in this leepect. 'bough the settler ol New Zealand is scps* ited from bis friends st borne by a distance f many thousand miles, the agency of the jlegrapb now renders communications very apid. A message can be transmitted from ae colony to England in five days, and the ilonists are anxious to reduoe tbe time to ? many hours. Except fur tbis consideration f distance, New Zealand bas everything to .'commend it, and is now free from tbe terrors f Maori wars. It is prosperous and flonrish ig beyond example— almost beyond belief, jd its wtlfare bas been immeaauiably romoted by tbe very policy wbiob was re .sted so long. We migbt claim, we think, jr ourselves some credit on tbis score, but fe 8re well content to congratulate our op toueiits on the established results, aud to lei -aet controversion be forgotten. A trial has been going o i at £zegedin, in .lungary, the extraordinary complicated and Iraualic history of which is destined to oc :npy a cunepicious place amongst the . riminsl ocords of all countries snd epochs. The in lividuals involved uiay bo counted by bun Ireds — their crimes and offences by thousands ''d the first arrests took place as far back «s I860. Tbe Lloyd of Pesth gives an outline f the place under ihe title of the ' Proces Sandor ' — Sandor being tbe name of th« chief of a band of malefactors whose depredations and atrocities rendered tbem the terror of of Szegedin and the surrounding district It tbat, ever since 1860, the inhabitants of Fze gedin bad become so terrified in consequence ofthe daring exploits of Sandor's band of brigands, that they locked and barred them selves in their houses at dusk, and dared not to venture into the streets even d urine the day without being armed with rev.dvers and swordsticks. Robberies, incendiary fires, and asaasiuations were the order of tbe day. ' M. de Raday was sent as a Royal commissioner to Szege din, to put an end to this deplorable state of things. M. de Raday soon became convinced that not only Szegedin, bot tbe whule comitat aud the snrroundiug districts were iiifected by formidable ' companies' -if brirfaudB, whose organisation wbb complete aud their circle of action clearly defined. After careful and minute enquiries the Royal commissioner found, to his amassment, that a numher of administrative and judicial function aries were acting as accomplices of the various bands of brigands— that even the titled nota bilities of the district acted as receivers of the stolen property. Ciimes bave been I rou^ht to light which were perpetrated thirty years ago ; and an old man of 70 waB condemned I some short time ago fur a crime committed when he was 40 years of age. The novel and peculiarly ' psychological' system pur sued by tbe Royal Commissioner iu order to find out the guilty partieB amongst the hun dreds of individuals arrested is worth record ing. Tbe prisoners were completely isolated from the rest of the world during their con finsment ; and their eyes were bound, in or der to prevent any conversation by sigi.s us ually resorted to by accomplished thieves, ' Companions iu captivity,' totally nnlcnown to them, were placad in tha same cells, who soon insinuated themselves into the confidence of the prisoners, studied their characters, made themselves acquainted tvitb their secrets and used all their efforts to bring about a full con fession. With regard to Sandor, t;e Royal commissioner himself socceedsd in getting s , full and complete avowal of his crimes by adopting tactics of a most ingenious kind. Knowing the great brigaud chief, to be ex ceedingly vain ( f bis reputation, and to be iu the habit of looking down upon bis less daring accomplices as mere ' porloiners of chickens,' M . de Raday ordered Sandor to fall upon his knees before hiB fellow prisoners — the small fry of tho band — whose instructions were to reproach their chief with being a cbic keu-steater like themselves. The ruse wss perectly successful,' the proud Sandor's ' honoui'' was mortally woun ded, and the ' brigand king ' (as he loved to style . himselfj immediately entered into a full confersiou of h a long seii;s o crimes, aB well as those of his accomplices. The expedient resorted to by the Roysl Com missioner in the esse of another famous bri gand named Jean Bajdor, was this : Bajilor is known to '? e exceedingly superstitious ; he is chained with having committed two mur ders, and insicts upon asserting his innocence. G-ne evening tbe examining magistrate bad Bajdor brought into his cabinet, and imme. diately addressed him as follows : — *' John Bajdor. I cannot sleep on your account ; the ghost of Peter Bodri, whom yon assassinated, appears before me every night, aud threatens to haontand torment me until such time as I shall have put tbe pope with which you strangled your victim rour your own neck ! ' Oo this the examining magistrate threw a rope reuud Bajdur's neck, and ordered him to be taken back to prison. At midnight John B 'jdor, who had slept aoundly, not witbstandirg his fifty-nine crimes, jumped np affrighted, and rushed towards the door of' tbe prison, ciying for help. This wss the moment the examining magistrate bad anxii osly awaited ; he made his way into the cell, when Bajdor confessed Dot only to hav ing murdered Bodri and his son, but also to having committed a number of other beiooos crimes. In consequence of these disclosures the two bodies of his victims, with the ropes still round their necks, were discovered. Acting on Bajdor's advice, ? number of other prisoners have made free confession of crimes tbey bad committed ; all the malfactors ar rested, it must not be forgotten, are kept in the utmost ignorance as to tbe charges which weigh againat tbem. On their first exami nation, they were not questioned as to tbe perpetration of auoh or such a crime : they 1 were simply asked to give an aeeoont of any offence of which they migbt acknowledge themselves guilty. By this meant a number of crimes have been brought to light hitherto totally unscspected. An idea of bow desire able a plaee Ssegedin must have been to. live in may be formed from the following enu meration of the c»ere wbicfa are now being tried before a specially appointed . court. When the Royal Commissioner first arrived at Scagecin there were 1606 criminal chaig' a to be heard ; a little later, £00 more charges were made ; and when tbe Royal Oommiesion had terminated its duties, 950 fresh cases were brought to light — making in all nearly 3000 crimes of tbe gravest character. Of tbis total 1000 jedgments have already been given, and nearly all these judgments have been coefimed on appeal. The crimes and (.{fences discovered bv tbe Royal Commission amount to 8000. The principal charges are those of ni order, robbery, pillage, incendiar ism, -feo., the cases of robbery alone exoeeding 4000\. i There are many people in this country who will read ivith grim satisfaction a story which has joet been told in New York. Of the various amusements with which vast nam L$rs of persons endeavour to relieve the tedi um ct IJe, that of practical joking is regarded with least lenieacy by any community that bas got beyond the hiiiju snd customs of a gold-digging settlement. 5'?.- Sothern, the actor, is at present io New York; ^ re' port speaks truly, tbat gentleman hsfe ralno.' * fanoy for those exercises io mild bone-play which are dessribed as practical jukes. A gentleman named Lee. having complained to the impersonator of Lird Dundreary that he found New Y-- rk very dull, Mr. Sothern aud an accomplfce, named Florence, appear to : bave determined on getting up an entertain meUt which Mr. Lee would find the reserve of dull. Tbe malcontent was informed tbat life «as much more brisk and lively in the eastern districts of the city, and was invited to dine there along with some of the residents. The invitation was accepted, and a banquet was prerared in honour of Mr. Lee. Directly after dinner had begun, one of them tied hiB napkin about bis head, and otherwise says the mild report, aoted strangely. Tbe guest : of tbe evening vent- red to ask for an ex- | planation ; and waB told that this person's ac tion was tbe result of hereditary eccentricity. I Further exhibitions of a like nature ensued, until Mr. Sothern and Mr. FI irence, en gaging in a sham quarrel, insisted on fight ing a duel on the spot, And produced pistols for tlie purpose. Mr. Lee apparently believed tbat the whole scene was real; begged that no blood should be shed, and finally left the room, deeply offended. Next day a number of 'bogus ' challenges were eeot about, and the joke— let it be observed tbat this transaction was considered a juke — might have been carried to any extent, but that a certain Mr. Bryant, who was mixed up in it, be-;au to fancy be had had e ough of it, and resolved to turo the tables on tboBe wbo had set the thing going. He informed Mi. Justice Dow ling tbst s duel was intended, wberenpon the Justice summoned Mr. So thern and Mr. Florence to the Tombs -Pulice Court. Moreover Judge Dowling came to know something of the state of the case ; and coneidered that he might as well pay out the tvio b timorous persons in their own coin. Accordingly, be failed to make his appear anoe in the court for several hours, during which time Mr. Sothern and Mr. Florence were detained iu ignominious attendance When tbey did get permission to depart, it is to be hoped that tbat ebullience, of animal spirits which bad tempted (hem had got mo dified somewhat, aud had left them in a con dition of ordinary aanity. News of a deeply-interesting nature ib given in a despatch from San Francisco in the New York papers, regarding Mr. Pavey's expedition to Wrangel Land, tbe name given to tbe range of peaks sighted by Petermann to the north of the eastern extremity of Si beria, but of which beyond this nothing nothing has hitherto been known. The fol lowing synopsis is translated from the original despatches addressed to the French Geo graphical Society : — The expedition, consist ing of M, Octave Payy, commander ; Profes sor TLomas Newcomb, Henry Edwards, of San Francisco; Jean Brail, and four seamen, landed on the east shore of Knlyuehinska Bay, in about lat. 67 N., long. 176 W from the brig Albatross on June 18. The party 6tarted eastward on tbe northern shore of Siberia on the 22ud, augmented by eleven natives, and provided with dogs and sledges, and at length the coast of Wrangle Land was reached nt the mouth of a large stream flow- j ing from the north-west not laid down io any of tbe charts. Tbis discovery establishes tbe i theory of the expedition of a large polar coutinent reaching far to the north and having a summer temperature sufficiently warm to melt tbe snows. The current of the river turns eastwards, and sweeps along the open co*Bt at a rate of six knots an hour. M. Pavey deoided upon following the course of the stream northward, and the expedition had penetrated 230 miles. Its course was uni formly t' rough a lei el valley, varying from five to sixty tnile6 in breadth, skirted by motlnTain radges of great height, and at different points rising in perpendicular cliffs and exposing fires of bare rock. Eigl ty miles from the mouth of tbis river, on the open plain, the party discovered traces of tbe remains of the extinct maBtodon, and on ex-, cavating where the tusks of one protruded above the snow the immense body was found in a nerfect state of nrefervution. Tha hidn was covered with a thin growth of blsck wiry bristles, becoming more thick anl long aloog the ridge of the back. Tbe tusks measured 11 ft. 8 in. from point to base, and curved to the elevation of the animal's eyes. The ro elega were kneeling aud tbe rear part deeply embedded in tbe snow, the posture indicated that the animal bad been en deavouring to emerge from snow or water upan a sound footing when overtaken by death. Professor Newcomb was anable to determiue differences amounting to a distinct order fr -m the elephant of the present period. The contents of tbe animal'e sto mach were examined, and exhibited specimens of barks and grasses which have not yet been sni jected to satisfactory tests. The plain for many miles Ice traces of these re mains, and indicated that a Vast herd of these enormous beasts bave been overwhelmed by aome great natural convulsion at s former period. In tbii region tbe polar bear abounded, and feasted Upon his anciently preserved food. 120 miles from tbe coast a solid cliff of ice 1000 feet in height approaches | within hilf a league of the river, which is | surronnded with a layer of gravel and large boulders 30 feet in depth, where it cr'-pa ont from beneath the snow. The stones were smooth and rounded, having evidently been raised by some inexplicable course cf nature from beneath a water anrface. Arctic ani mals arc found along this valley in great abundance, and myriads of birds follow the course ofthe stream. M. Psvy expected to winter in latitude 76- in the valley of the great, river of the polar coutinent, and was ?bout to commenoe the collection of animal materials for food and fuel, whioh were rea dily attainable. Tb** party were in good health and spirits, and fpjly confident of reaching an open polar eeaand'a- moderate temperature on the northern }|mita of thia continent at an early period next' season, and will thenOe pro ceed eastward to the Atlaotle through' Mel ville Sound. ( The despatches contain reports of some extent, detailing the scientific- obser vations of tbe expedition, which are withhold from inspection before reaching their destina tion. Just before midnight on December 27th a shocking affair happened in the usually quiet village of Ealing, near London, consequeut upon a quarrel between a young man named Walter Trinder and his sweetheart, Sarah Britton. The young man Trinder is the son of respectable parents residing in the High Street, and brother of a broker carrying on business in the same street. He was about 19 years of age, and within tbe last two or three years bad beeo engaged as a gas fitter, a photo- grapher, and in other trades, but had not kept to any, thus gaining for himself a character for indolence. A few months ago he became acquainted with Sarah Britton, a woman of 30 years of age, who was engaged as a housemaid Ashton House, the residence of a gentleman named Clark. This engage- ment, it appears, was not approved of by the parents of the woman, the brother whom, it is said, had on several occasions told Trinder that he was nut good enough for hia sister. It appears that on tbe night in question a meeting took place by appointment, and that after the couple had been to the house of the young man's friends be aocompanied Sarah Britton home to Ashton Houfc. Between ten and eleven the gentleman Bnd his family were alarmed by hearing loud screams in tha servants' apartments and on Mr,. Clark pro ceeding downstairs he discovered the hovse maid lying in the passage between the kitchen and the rooom weltering io a pool of blood, and on a further search being made a kitchen-poker, beot in a most extra ordinary manner, aud a man's billycock bat were found close to ber. She was apparently dead, and as Boon as assistance could be ob tained she was removed upstairs. After leaving her in tbe passage for dead Trinder rushed to the bouse of his sister. On arriv ing tbere be at once retired to his room, where ha remained a few minutes. His sister was suddenly alarmed by seeing her brother rush down, covered with blood stream ing from his throat. He ran into the street, and when in about the centre of the road he fell down upou his face, dead. Some neigh bour* happening to lie about at tbe time raised bim, and carried him indoors, when it wss found tbat life was extinct. The police, on t eiag summoned, took possession of the poker, the hat, and the roz-r; and upon inspection of the passage in Ashton House, and tbe room of the yoong man, a shocking sight presented itself, both being deloged with blood. The deceased, although usually quiet, was of a most violent temper, and, io consequence of tbe girl having in timated to him that elie must I reak off tbe engagement, he had several times told ber that, if she would not marry him, be would cot her throat and cot hiB own also. It waa feared that the unfortunate woman would not live throughout tbe night, but nnder careful treatment ehe slightly rallied^ and it is now expected she will recover. A singular freak bas been committed hy a young Ohuroh of Eogland curate, who was to have been married to a daughter of one of his congregation, who is a county magistr te in Staffordshire. The cuiate had become at tached to the young lady, and, as inquiries satisfied tbe parents respecting bis family and prospects, his overtures were encouraged, and for two years he lias been the acknowledged suitor. Every thing went on plrasantly, even to within a few minutes of what should have been the marriage. On the previous night be made hia customary visit, and there was the usual stir of a wedding eve. The present were laid out Id the drawing room, and there was the bride-cask. The bride-gloom's une'e and brother had arrived, tbe bridesmaids had everg particular rrady. The villagers — for the plaoe was a small but ancient market town —bad decorated the church and festooned the streets, and the bride attired herself in much of her wedding costnme, to the delight of her euitor. The curate remarked, ' What should vau say if [ should run away, and not c me to-morrow?' The handsome little creature laughed away the suggestion as the height of imp otability. Nextdaythecarriagi'sari'ved and the bride snd her frienie were ahoot to en t-r them, when a note from the bridegroom was put into her band. She read it anxiously, j and, to the consternation of all, fell swooning into the anuB of one of the bridal paity. Her suitor had written that he ' felt he was un worthy of her, and therefore could not be come her has! and.' The effect of intelligence so startling it is more easy to conceive tbnn to describe. Tbe whole town were sharers iu the grief of the distressed family, and it was hard to convince tbe crowd who had assembled iu and around the church that tbey were nnt being honx-d. Inquiries how ever, soon confirmed the statement of the note, so far as related to the deoampiog i f the bridJg oim. Within an h -ur after leaving his bride expectant he bad over-night joined the Scotch mail and proceeded forth. The young lady is not yet twsnty year* t.f age, and is described as having been ' a minister ing angel'' to the poor of the village, by whom ehe is intensely b- 1 .ved. The Bendigo Advertiser of the '24th ultimo re lates the following : — ' Thomas Seddoo, sited 35, a splitter, met with a most extraordinary accident in returning from Marong Babes, on Friday night, to his home on the Bullock Creek. The road was throngh a bnah conntry, and before proceeding far he missed his way. He looked about for a con siderable time, bnt failed to regain the right path. In the midst of his troubles he sat down onder a tree near which there was a fire burning. He fell asleep, and after sleeping some hoars he was awoke by bearing the tree fall, partly covering him with itB brances, add he was alarmed at finding that a branch had fallen across one of his legs, and frac tured it near the thigh. He waa in agony of pain, and made a desperate attempt to extricate himself from tbe fearful predicament, but he failed, after becoming quite exhausted with the exertion. He mained in that position till near morning, when, another danger threatened hut desUiiuution. The fire burning in tbe locality began to spread in several directions, licking np the grass and dry stubble with which it came in contact ; and he bad the mortification of aeeing the deadly enemy alowly but surely approaching him, despite his prayers and screams for help. Necessity is said to be the mother of invention, and such it was in this case. Seddon, with much presence of mind, kept the fire at arms' length by throwing dirt npon it from time to time, which had the effect of impeding its progress. As might be imagined, to Seddon it was a long night, and one of severs torture hethin mind swd body. . The longest . night, however, bas its end, and in this instance aJao inornlng at list oama, £od with it assistance. Some men wfco were paa aittg beard the man's cry for help, and they nsoud him jast in tijne to sa»» hi* life, for by tbat tins he -waa upoathepointofbscoimng insensible. ' 