THE WEEK'S NEWS Sudden Death.—Early on Thursday morn- ing a youth about 16 years of age reported to the police that his father, Charles Hector Campbell, died suddenly on Wednesday night about 10 o'clook at a place where he camped, nine miles north of Hill Town. The lad says that his father coughed, and immediately a large quantity of blood flowed from his mouth, and shortly after he was dead. He had a team of mules, and was employed carting wheat on the Areas. He left a wife and family at Kapunda. Messrs. Treleaven and D. McPhail had camped, and were alongside of Campbell when be died.—Northern Argus. A Colonial Arnexk.—In a despatch reoeived in Melbourne per the latest mail steamer the Hon. H. C. E. Childers recommends that all the colonies of the British Empire should unite in the establishment of a permanent annexe at the London International Exhibition. He has been in communication with Sir J. Rose, the repre sentative of the Canadian Dominion, who is favourable to the seheme, but believes that the expense would be much larger than is at present contemplated, and that Australia would have to contribute £10,000. The Effects of a Fright.—It is narrated by the Northern Argus that" a week ago a daughter of Mr. Laverty, farmer. Bumburnie, was very much frightened by a fellow prowling about the place after dark. The parents had gone to Clare on business, leaving the girls at home. Shortly after dark a knock was heard at the front door, and on being asked for the name the person moved off and then went to several windows trying to get in. 6ome time after Miss W. Laverty went to the door to listen for the return of her parents, when the same person stood in front of her. She was so frightened that she fell down in a fit, and for four days was unconscious. She is recovering, but her system has sustained a severe shock." Kohl Rabl—The Clare paper writes: —" The other day we saw a luxuriant plot of this ex cellent vegetab|e in a garden situate within the town boundary. The plants will average in weight six pounds. It is a very profitable and delicious vegetable, and deserves to be culti vated more extensively, as a good supply can be had when others are scarce." Dr. Schombukgk.—We learn that by the last mail Dr. Bchomburgk received information that he had been made a Corresponding Member of the Horticultural Society of Frankfort-on-the Maine. Demonstration at Port Pirie.—A public dinner took place at Port Pirie on Wednesday, January 22, to celebrate the Fairy Queen's having loaded the first oversea cargo of wheat from the Port, About 80 persona were present, and Mr. J. B. Jones was Chairman, Mr. O. j Horner occupying the vice-chair. In pro posing " The Parliament" the Chairman remarked that the members did not travel about the country, as they ought to see the requirements of different places. Not much was needed to make Port Pirie a first-class port; still the attention of the Legislature re quired to be drawn to it, and he had no doubt the matter would receive attention. The har bour had been in the dark for years, but at SOtne not very distant date it would become a place of some note. The Chairman said he_ was sorry that the master of the Fairy Queen was not present, but he attributed his absenoe to the rough weather. He then proposed *' The Health of uapt. Thom son," which was drunk with musical honours. Mr. Galloway in a neat speech gave "The Ladies," and Mr. F. Grey responded so as to provoke roars of laughter. Ml T. P. Jones, in proposing " The Agricultural, Mining, and Pastoral Interest," said he thought the first named was never in a more flourishing state than at present, and the Northern Areas espe cially had been blessed with a bountiful harvest. They had to consider the best manner of getting away from their farms their produce, and Port Pirie, was, he believed, the natural outlet. If one-hundredth part of the amount spent at Port Adelaide were expended on Port Pirid it would, he believed, be a far superior harbour. Those interested in pastoral affairs he congratulated upon their prosperous state, and the mineral interest was also flourishing. Mr. Gowling, in replying, urged that the whole colony would be benefited by,the good fortune of the farmers. The sheepfarmers had opened the country and improved it by stocking,likewise making various other improvements. He was satisfied that South Australia was as rich as any land in minerals, and he had no doubt that more valuables would yet be discovered. Mr. H. M. Smith, J. P., gave " The Town and Trade of Port Pirie." He held that had Capt. Thomson been present his health would have been the toast of the evening, but in that gentleman's absence this was the most important, for without doubt PortTirie would be able to compare favourably with Port Adelaide in the quantity of wheat exported. The best agricultural country in the colony was that north of Clare. He had it on the best authority that before many days passed a steamer would be ploughing the waters of the Gulf, and with that mid othe: conveniences which would be supplied by people connected with the place, vessels as large as those visiting Port Adelaide would be loaded. If such was the case in its infancy, what might they pro phesy of the locality in 20 years. He coupled with the toast the health of the " Pioneers," Messrs. Horner and Galloway. Mr. Footuer, in acknowledgment said that from its proximity to thousands of acres of prime agricultural land the trade of the Port would doubtless be very large. Several matters required attention, however. The Government, he contended, should be petitioned to arrange for the supply of fresh water, and the postal communication needed attention, while a Telegraph Station was wanted, for where a large business in shipping was conducted such a station was indispensable. Messrs. Galloway and Horner thanked the com pany, and the former having proposed "The Visitors," Mr. Hendry, of Georgetown, responded* Several songs enlivened the pro ceedings. Gas at Strathalbtn.—On January the 22nd there was a preliminary meeting on the gas supply question at the Terminus Hotel, Strath albyn. Hon. J. Hodgkiss stated that his co Directors in the Provincial Company were at present carrying on the local works at a loss, and purposed, unless some arrangement could be made for a sale of the plant-and premises, to close the premises as soon as the present stock of coals run out, which he thought would be in about three weeks. After a lengthy conversa tional discussion a Committee of five persons was appointed to consider the subject, and report at a meeting of the burgesses. The latter gathering took place on Friday evening, when a large number of consumers and non consumers of gas attended. Mr. W. Oolman, the Mayor, who presided, read the Committee's report, and invited discussion upon the advisa bility of the Corporation becoming, as was sug gested, the purchasers of the local gasworks at a stipulated price. The proceedings were lively, and resulted in a show of handa being given in favour of the Municipal Council becoming the buyers of the concern, provided the works, plant, land, Ac., could be obtained far the amount named by the Committee. A poll was demanded, and the meeting adjourned. The voting began on January 25 at 10 a.m., the Mayor presiding, and the poll dosed at 4 o'cdock. At 4.15 p.m. tire result was declared as follows: —For the resolution, 47 ratepayers, with 121 votes; against, 20, representing 45 votes. Fire dj the Mount Loett Ranges.—On Friday night, January 24, the bush fire which had been raging for two or three days near Mount Lofty, appeared on the Adelaide side of the range, and during the next day swept down the hill side, causing consternation amongst the people occupying cottages in the gullies. Application was made to Mr. A. J. Baker to aid in extinguishing the fire, which sent out before- it innumerable pioneers in the shape of charred straws and leaves, many of them earried into and even beyond the village of Beaumont. Mr. Baker rode out to the scene of the conflagration and rendered what service was in his power, chiefly in the way of directing the labours of the 30 or 40 willing men assembled on the ground. So far as we have heard do damage to house property has been caused by the fire. On Saturday evening the whole summit and a large area on the slope of the ranges were brightly illuminated, the blazing trees and stumps looking like the lights of a great city. The heavy showers of rain which fell ou Sunday afternoon checked the spread of the tire._ It has been deemed unnecessary to hold an inquest. Sunstroke.—Several cases of sunstroke are reported as having occurred in the North, but without fatal result! except in the case of a child, about throe years old, belonging to Mr. Curtis of Black Point. Sunstrokes.—During the present moderate summer sunstrokes have been unaccountably numerous in the neighbourhood of Augaeton, and some cases have ended fatally, whilst others have caused prolonged aberration of the mind. With reference to the case that was mentioned incidentally in the Register on Wednesday, we have received the following additional informa tion While a farmer and his sou—the latter a youth of about 16 years of age—wore winnowing wheat, the lad complained of pain in his head, which increased as he continued turning the machine, and the father then recommended him to knock off work and take some medicine, which was procured from a neighbour after consider able delay, but too late to afford relief, for the young man died soon after the medicine was procured. I _ Tra Semaphore Omrarams.—'The increase ' in the traffic' to and from (he Semaphore has resulted iaaeorroBpondrng increase in the means of locomotion; but although the proprietor of the direct line of coaches has made a large pro vmkm there are occasions when the vehicles are not sufficient fer the requirements. Upon Saturday, on account of the addition to the usual number of visitors, omnibuses were crowded, and then unable to take all the pas soDgera that offered. The line recently esta blished by the railway authorities was in a similar fix, and more accommodation must be found if the traffic is likely to progress as it has done. Harvest TEiSisemife Services.—In ac cordance with the recommendation of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide the Church of England has commenced to hold thanksgiving eerriees. On Thursday, 28rd January, the first of the series took place at St. Mary's, South-road, and the second was en Sunday at Christehnreh, North Adelaide. Next Sunday there will be a special service at St. Paul's, Adelaide, for which the building will be decorated. The collect and prayer appointed by the Bishop are as follows:— " O Almighty God, who in past years didst cause the pastures of the wilderness to be dried np, the harvest of the field to perish, and the husbandmen to be ashamed; and now in mercy hast given us the former and the latter rain moderately, and restored to us the fruits of the earth in their season, give as grace also to use the same te Thy glory, and the relief of those that need, as well as our own comfort. Teach re also to remember that 'Man doth not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of Ged. Thou hast sent Thine own beloved Bon to be the bread of life to our souls. Grant us so to feed on that bread that we may live by Him for ever, who now liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost one God, world without end. Amen." " O Lord God of Hosts, who dwellest in the high and holy place, and yet hast respect unto the lowly; who makest Thy sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendest rain on the just and on the unjust; who by Thy mighty power dost order all things in heaven and earth; we yield Thee hearty thanks that Thou hast safely brought us to the season of harvest, visiting the earth and blessing it, and crowning the year with Thy goodness; we praise Thee for the fruits of the ground which Thou hast be stowed upon us, filling our hearts with food and gladness. For_ these and all Thy mercies we laud and magnify Thy glorious name, beseeching Thee to give unto us the increase of all spiritual gifts, the bright light ef the Sun of Rivhteous nees, and the dew of Thy heavenly blessing; aud so plant us here in the house of the Lord that we may flourish everlastingly in the courts of the house of our God; through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost be all honour and glory, now and for evermore. Amen." Ths Rev. D. Badger.—This minister, who has as an Evangelist in connection with the Baptist Association been for a time stationed at Mount Gambier, has now left that plaoe to take charge of the Baptist Church at Saddleworth, and j periodically preach on some of the Northern Agricultural Areas. He while driving overland with his family from Gambierton met with an accident to his vehiole somewhere near Bobe, and also lost by death his youngest child while on the way. These two events have much I delayed him on the journey to his new sphere of labour. RECHABiTre*.—No 42 Tent of the S. A. District of Rechabites was opened in Border Town recently by P.C.R. A. Lebban of SO Tent, assisted by Brother Hathison of Penola, Brother Holmes of Narracoorte, and the Rev. D. Milne of Kingston. Thirteen candidates were initiated^ and six are to be admitted at the next meeting. The officers elected were :— P.C.R., A. Mathison; C.R., T. Hunt; D.R., J. Urin; Secretary. C. Bartlett; W.S., T. Butcher; M.S., S. Bishop; Levite, R. McKenzie; Guardian, J. Brewer; Treasurer, C. Wilson. Receipts, £2113s. 4d. Harvest Thanksgivings.—At the 8tow Con gregational Church on Sunday evening, January 26, the servioes had special reference to the bountiful harvest. The Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., preached from the words—"They shall joy before Thee according to the jey of harvest," Isaiah ix., part of verse 3. After briefly ex plaining the reasons why it had not been thought necessary to decorate the building with samples of the fruits of the earth, which at that season of the year had been brought forth so plenteoosly, he rapidly glanced at the incentives to devout thankfulness with which the harvest was fraught. He pointed out that the progress of commerce, which in reality had constituted the earth one great granary, and reduced the danger of national dearth to a minimum, and the progress of scientific research which had produced a ten dency in man to defy the laws of nature, both had militated against the practice of harvest thanksgivings. Having adduced proof of the propriety of the practice he proceeded to draw a parallel between the temporal and the spiritual seed-sowing and ingathering, impressively aud eloquently enlarging upon the principle that whatsoever a man soweth that shall he also reap. There was a large congregation, and the discourse was listened to with close attention. The Position of Benefit Societies.—We have had it pointed out to us that in the remarks which Mr. Pearce, M.P., made the other day at Kapunda relative to the service which Friendly Societies rendered to the State and the consequent reasonableness of the Go vernment being expected to help such institu tions, the speaker did not suggest that the Executive should subsidize the regular income of the Ledsres, but merely grant help in the erec tion of halls like the one that it has been pro posed to build in Kapunda. Run Over.—On Friday week as Mr. Joseph Morphett, a well-known farmer of Truro, was standing near a wagon heavily laden, the horses attached suddenly moved on, and thus threw him down. The wheels then passed over his left thigh, causing a compound fracture. He was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital cn Monday. • Select Committees.—A return has just been printed showing the cost of Select Committees of the Assembly during last session. From this it appears that the total outlay amounted to £1,025 4s. 5d., made up as follows:—Reporting, £160 6s.; witnesses' fees and other expenses, £616 Ss. 5d.; printing, &c.;, £243 15s. Four Committees were held, the expenses being as follows:—In re Attorney- General (Mr. Beucaut ), £185 10s. 4d.; South-East Drainage, £712 5s. 74\. (the witnesses' fees and other charges reaching £614 Is. 5d.); East-End Market, £21 16s. 8d., to be paid by private persons: and the Consolidated Loan BUI, £105 12s. 4 Mr. R. C. Patterson.—We regret to learn that Mr. Patterson's stay in Victoria has been of necessity prolonged by severe illness. He was out of health when he obtained bis leave of absence, and since then he has suffered severely from attacks of fever and ague, the result of the necessary exposure he underwent ia the Northern Territory. His health is still far from restored; but he is expected to return to Adelaide by the end of the present month. A Considerate Act.—It will be remembered that some weeks ago near Highbury, en the North-Eastorn main road, Mr. Robert Hal den was, by the running away of a horse attached to a loaded dray, thrown to the ground and killed. Fellow- workmen of the deceased at the Hope Valley Waterworks have subscribed over £26, while other neighbours and 'friends have contributed nearly £8, and these amounts have been presented to us widow. In a nicely worded address the presenters, while tendering heartfelt condolence to the bereaved, said, re garding Mr. Halden, that " by his open and obliging disposition, his readiness te help, his upright and honourable spirit, he won the esteem and confidence of all with whom he became associated, and a wide circle mourn his untimely removal." The donors, "as a tribute to his memory mad an expression of sympathizing interest" in the widow and her now fatherless child, sought an acceptance of the accompanying sum. The Lighting of the Street Lamps.—At the meeting of the Corporation, held oa Wed nesday, the tender of the South Australian Gas Company was accepted for lighting all the lamps of the city at £5 per lamp per annum for three years. The Provincial Gas Company tendered for certain of the streets at £4 15s. per lamp for one year. Lake Victoria Station.—The steamer Pride of the Murray arrived at Mr. Duncan McPher son's station on Wednesday, January 22, and took away 131 bales of wool. The entire clip of this rim has been scoured, the lot amounting to 600 bales, and most gratifying returns have been received from late sales in Melbourne, the wool from this station topping the market at 2s. 2jd., and for lambs at Is. 10Jd. The proprietor, in sorting and classing his produce, had the ser vices of Mr. Murray, who had high recommen dations from Victorian firms. In consequence of the late tire at the Head Station new stores and other buildings are now being erected. The erections will bo of stone with iron roofing. Teetotalism.—A temperance meeting, in connection with the Adelaide Lodge of Good Templars, was held in the back room of the Halifax-street Mill on Thursday evening, January 23; the W.C.T. Bro. E. Alcock presiding. There was a large attendance. Addresses weio given by the ChairmaD, Messrs. Hosking, Langs ford, and Madge; several scenes, recitations, and melodies were excellently rendered by mem bers of the Excelsior Band of Hope, led by Mr. B. Brown; a recitation was well given by the W.F.S. Bro. ThoE. A. Moore. About 20 mimes were added to the pledge-book. Hbavt Run Br m ItaWB.—ffifnmaa baa got the first good fastahaeat ef wet for the y***. At 0 ajb. ea Juwn 27 it had been raining about 20 hoars, and there wm then every appear ance of a Mntinoanoa. Booh a fall at wis season moot do inoalenlable good to the pas turage, and the feed, whleh no to the present time has been ttroogh the North good, will doubtless after this downpour be abundant. TnLinUs. J. PerbtkaW.—Our obituary oohimn announces the death after a brief but we believe severe illness of Mr. John Perrymaa, an old colonist and well- known citizen. He has not taken a prominent part in pubtie affairs, but has been interested in several industrial and mining affairs. As a tradesman he was highly respected, and though quiet and retiring was known by a wide eirele who will be both surprised and grieved at hearing of his decease. Dbasokb To Dbath.—An inquest was held en January 26 by Mr. E. Salter, J.P., with Mr. A. H. Evans as foreman, at Angoston, regarding the death (already reported) of William Pausoh, aged 22 years. It was stated during the enquiry that the deceased returned home about dusk with a load of wheat, and whilst he was unbar nseeing the hones in the stable one of them took fright, and the young man's leg being entangled in the chain traces the horse bolted out of the stable dragging the deceased. His mother, hearing him call " Whoa," went to the stable to see what was the matter, but eould not see him. She immediately began to search, but the night being very dark some time elapsed before she found her son, and when she did so the horse was standing near the creek with the traces entangled around the young man's leg, and bis head and face were covered with blood. The deceased's father and a neighbour had to go to Mrs. Pauscb's assistance before the dead body eovldbe released. The deceased's boots and elothes were dragged off his body, and the flesh in many parts was completely stripped from the bones. The corpse presented a sickening spectacle. A verdict of accidental death was recorded. Mr. Pausch, iun., was to have been married in a fortnight, and his brother was buried last Sunday. The parents, who are of an advanced age and well-respected, are sow childless. River Torbkns Dak.—We are informed by Mr. V. L. Solomon that he reoeived on Thurs day from the City Council the conditions pro mised to him, upon which the Corporation are willing to grant a years' lease of a portion of the Torrens and its banks. He tells as that he intends te issue a prospectus for a Company immediately to carry out his project, and has already the promise of influential support to the scheme which will come before the public. At.Afttf op Fnue.—On Thursday about 7.26 p.m. an alarm was raised on North- terrace, and for a few minutes all was bustle and confu sion with people hurrying about and oabs racing off for the fire engines. No. 7 Reel was first on the spot, and No. 2 came about a quarter of an hour afterwards. It was soon ascertained however that merely achimney on the premises of Dr. Phillips had caught alight and caused the excitement. Prompt action soon re moved all danger, and No. 1 Reel, which also came, had to return without joining in the work. "Why the chimney caught fire is not clear, for we are informed that it had recently been cleaned. Fatal Occurbenci.—Another sailor lost was an incident of note in the voyage of the Isles of the South, which arrived on Thursday. In lat. 29°, long. 20* W. on December 17 it was deemed necessary to shift some gear from one ride of the poop to the other, and David Richards, a seaman, was on the driver boom performing part of the work, while the sea was nnlm and scarcely a breath of wind moved, so that the ship barely went a knot and a half per hour. The sailor fell overboard, and the occur rence was instantly noted by the captain, who looking over the quarter threw to the man a lifebuoy, which be swam towards, and simul taneously a quarter-davit boat was lowered with the utmost celerity. Although the space of two minutes had not elapsed the efforts were too late, for from some strange cause the poor fellow sank. Thb Late Captain Gray.—The Melbourne Photograhic Company have produced an excellent carte-de-visite oopy of a pioture representing the steamship Great Britain laying at anchor. Above is a vignette of the late lamented Captain Gray, her commander, whose features in the photograph appear so clear and distinct that ! his friends cannot fail to recognise the likeness { whioh to all appearance is faithful. ! United Thanksgiving.—The Burnt people | have set an excellent arrangement to the resi dents in other centres of population by agreeing upon setting apart a day on which a special thanksgiving service will be held in all the places of worship in the vicinity. Afterwards the town and country folk will mingle in open air engagements, particulars of which are noti fied in our busiuess columns. Special attrac tions ore announced, and doubtless the gatherings will be large. The Northern Matt. Service.—A letter sent to us dated Bhynie, January 27, thus ventilates a too old grievance:—"A short time ago there were complaints of the careless way in which some northern mails were being conveyed, and no alteration has taken place, in fact the service is getting worse. The Post- Office authorities used to send a guard with these mails, and of muoh more importance they must be now that the areas are opened up; but the guard has been taken off and important correspondence from Port Augusta and north of that for Adelaide is how entrusted to the care of a boy with a one horse trap. Some tradespeople complained to the Postmaster-General, and he said that he had given instructions to the contractor to put a proper and safe conveyance on the road, but the only change is that an inexperienced lad drives tho cart. On Thursday the vehicle broke down and the bags were pitched over the road. I have heard that since then another cart came into oollision with the mail conveyance; but with a proper coach and a careful driver these things surely would not happen. People cannot under stand why the authorities do not see into the matter." The Late Mr. TaSSIe.—From Port Augusta our local correspondent wrote on January 27::— "The death has to be reported of the first resident in the town, who died on Sunday at 8 a.m. from disease of the heart. As kind hearted a man as ever breathed has gone. If a man's own works are his best monument, surely there is one here, for Port Augusta would not have been the place that it is but for the generous and sterling qualities of Mr. A. D. Tassie. He has lef fca name that will longbe remembered byevery one in this district far and near as that of the poor man's friend ; in fact, he was a friend to all. The deceased settled here about 16 years ago, and lived almost a solitary life for three months, the aborigines being liis enly com panions, and once they robbed him of his clothes. He built a wooden store, and the place has gone increasing yearly till he has been taken away in the prime of life." Railway Fire.—A looomotive set fire to a stubble paddock on Saturday near Salisbury, and Mr. White's homestead had a narrow escape, for a line of acacia badge blazed away at a terrific rate, showing the great danger of allowing such fences to grew rank and wild, as many do in this locality. Migration.—Notwithstanding the late plea- | tiful harvest Salisbury will again suffer from a decrease of population in the neighbourhood, as a stampede to the areas seems to be setting in again. Small farms are being rapidly com bined so as to form larger holdings, and probably this is needful to make wheat-growing pay; but it is not conducive te a township's prosperity, and empty houses are more numerous than profitable in the village. Fatal Accident.—While Mr.Uoseph Liggett, of the Para Plains, was on Saturday disen gaging his horse from a cart in which was some firewood, Mrs. Liggett, aged 79 years, observing that something was wrong, went to assist; but the horse moved ea and she was thrown under the wheel, which passed over her chest. Dr. Stone was called, but the sufferer had evidently received an internal injury, and she died on Monday. Painful Mishap.—A heavy lump ef earth rolled off a dray and fell upon a little ehild ef Mr. IWhittlesea, near Salisbury, and it was feared that the little fellow's back had been broken, but though he is muoh bruised and his hip is dislocated it is hoped that a recovery may take place. Telegraph Facilities.—Tho inhabitants of Palmer are eager to havo communication by telegraph extended to their district, especially as the line from Blumberg to Mauuum. has been finished nearly a month. The Proposed Torrens Dam.—The question of having a dam placed across the River Torrens was brought before the City Corporation in a report on Wednesday. The document con tained conditions on which a lease would be granted. It was adopted, and the Council will now inform those citizens who have already applied for information relative t-o a lease of a portion of the stream and its banks, that so soon as they can show that a bona fide Company can bo formed to carry out the work of damming, the subject will be fully considered. The Com mittee which brought up the report declined to recommend the Council to construct a dam out of the Municipal funds. Wesleyan Station,—We hear that the Rovs. James Bickford, W. P. Wells, and G. W. Patched, M.A., are likely to bo appointed by the Wesleyan Conference to take charge of the First Adelaide Circuit, ThrBobtobFIbjh.—Itwillba mtfafaatoiyto those who are interested in the Imperial Fire Offiee of Lmdoi to htm that although the losses ef the Company at the great fire m Boston amounted to £146,O0O,yet this sum wul net affeet the reserres of the institution, which with the large pud sp and invested funds of over a milKon staring remain wntooebed. The Lobdojt Exhibition.—It trill be recol lected that Captain Hughes, Messrs. R. B. Smith, and J. A. Holden have been appointed Commissioners to represent this colony §t the forthseming International Exhibition, and we may note that Captain Hughes proceeded to England by the last mail steamer, Mr. South will ge home by the next, and Mr. Holden pur poses leaving for Londoi* by the following ones A Bwmw Trick.—We bear that a farmer, re siding not many scores of miles from Kapunda, who has recently assigned his estate, showed some of his creditors what appeared to be a large heap of wheat whieh was to be made over to them. Ultimately, however, it turned out that he was ebaffing his creditors, as the bulk of the heap was chaff, with past a thin coating over all of grain.—Kapunda Strata. . . Patenting.—As showing how our American cousins hold rights of .property in the produc tions of the brain, it may be mentioned that wringing machines are being sold in Adelaide under thirteen distinct patents. Every im provement suggested by experience or the result of superior skill is wnaae the subject of a separate patent; and any person looking at the machines wonders bow all the inventors are remunerated, for the adjustment of their different interests must require the tact of a Philadelphia lawyer. An observer would also conclude that inventive genius and mechanical skill are well developed and rewarded under too American patent laws. Cricket.—We see by the English papers that the twelve gentlemen amateur cricket players > who were recently playing in America nave arrived home after a very successful and pleasant tour. We subjoin the batting averages of the English Twelve in their eight matches against twenty-twos:— Mr. W. 6. Grace... 49 Mr. C. J. Ottaway. 13 Mr. A. Lubbock ... 13 Mr. C. N. Hornby.. 12 Mr. E. Lubbock ... 8 Mr. Appleby.,. ... 8 The Hon. G. Harris 8 Mr. C. K. Francis.. 7 Mr. Pickering ... 7 Mr. Rose 6 Mr. Hadow 6 Mr. Fitzgerald ... 2 In the bowling department the slows appear to have been most destructive, Mr- Rose^ having taken 106 wickets in 12 innings, against the same number of Mr. Appleby's in 14, and 67 of Mr. Grace's in 10 innings, the first-named gentleman being a slow and the two latter fast bowlers. Free Trade m Phtsic.—An official notice in the business columns ef the Register shews that as the result of sundry ring meetings on the Moonta Mines, and an application to the Directors, medical attendance^ upon the j employes of the Moonta Company is to be un i restricted after March 1. Under the present system the surgeons are appointed by the I Directors after the workmen have elected them, and the doctors are paid out of a fund to I which all the men and boys contribute. Ao 1 cording to the new arrangement, however, the employes will be at liberty to procure toe atten dance of any qualified resident physician what ever, and the fees will be paid out of the accu mulated fund, according to the amount of work done by each practitioner. In all probability the major portion of the practice wQl fall to the share of the medical men who are now living on the spot; but the population is so large that the " Burgeons Committee" doubtless expect addi tional doctors to settle in the neighbourhood when the field is thrown quite open to the profes sion. The local Press on January 28 reported that | about 200 persons congregated on Saturday at | 5 p.m. to consider the questions relating to the | Mine Surgeons. Mr. W. Strike presided. Mr. ' Horwood read the rules-drawn up by the Com mittee, and they were carried almost nnani- ; mously as follows:—1. In case of accident or emergency daring the absence of the patient's own doctor all or any other doctor may be called in free of expense. 2. All prescribed medicines shall be supplied free of expense, 3\. All bottles shall be found by the doctor and returned by the patient. A All medicine shall be promptly dispensed. 5. That tbe_ accouch ment fee be limited to one guinea. 6. That the miners be allowed to transfer their names from one doctor's list to another, provided it is not done oftener than two months. 7. That no money be paid_ to any medical man who has not produced satisfactory testimonials, and signed and complied with the above rules. It was also resolved, "That these stand according to the pleasure of the men on the mines. Also that tue payment and attendance on families remain as before." It was decided that the testimonials from fresh ap plicants should be lodged with Captain Hancock. Resolved, "That the Committee remain in office, and see the rules signed by all doctors proposing to practise at the mines." It was also resolved, "That the Secretary be empowered to Captain Hancock's kind permission to deduct 3d. from each man (at one pay) to cover !)he cost of advertising and other incidental expenses, so that each man might pay an equal share." Northers Telegraph LiSE.-yOn Tuesday a notice was posted at the City Telegraph Office, stating that the line had been interrupted north of Beltana. The Evangelical Alliance.—We hear that there is a probability of the different Churches connected with the Alliance holding on one Sunday thanksgiving services on' account of the present bountiful harvest. Port Brouqhton. —The Wallaroo Times understands " that in addition to the large store erected for the storage of wheat at Port Broughton—about 400 feet long and 200 feet wide—which is full of wheat, Mr. Dale is having a jetty constructed. This will run from the store about 1,000 feet out, and the water at high tide near to it will be about five feet in depth. There is a T head to the jetty by which a barge can come alongside ana load; and a schooner lying a few yards away in the ohannel, in 80 feet of water, is loaded very quickly—in about four trips of the barge. Mr. Dale intends to i%n his jetty out another season to the channel so that the schooner may load from it. The average number of teams coming to the port per diem with wheat is about 40, so that the place is thriving and likely to be a very busy one. Messrs. Collins and Patterson also intend to build a large store for wheat at the Port. The jetty is being constructed by Messrs. Chirgwin and Sellers, of Port Wallaroo.' On Jan. 26 the Zulu, barquette, 400 tons, arrived at Port Broughton to be loaded with wheat for London. Tbisls the first craft that will take cargo direct from the above port; but she is to be followed by a ship of 1,000 tons. The grain for both of these vessels is now ready for shipment. A Cruise Round the World.—The barque Nautilus, which arrived from Hobart Town on Tuesday, is a handsome specimen of what may be done in ship-building by the artificers of Tasmania, but it may be remarked that they took their time over it. •, j-Ir. Hopltins, who desired to seek pleasure sea ana recreation in visiting various ports, resolved upon getting made a yacht-like vessel which would carry about 300 tons, and he then started from Hobart Town on a round the-world cruise. In order to partly defray the expenses the vessel will carry cargoes, bat when the owner has resolved upon seeing a particular place a _ course thither is to be shaped, and if any loading offers it will be carried, and if not she will prooeed in ballast. At present Mr. Hopkins is leaning i towards a trip to England, but it is just as I likely he may go to Hongkong. The idea ef such J journeying is agreeable, ana in the build and appointment of the Nautilus every detail has been attended to which can make life at sea not merely endurable but pleasant. In externals | she is as pretty as a toy ship, the moulding of the hull being" in keeping with her long spars i and square yards, but we rather think that after I j a voyage or two she will be somewhat reduced iu canvas. However, as she worked up to the I roadstead on Monday, after being six days out, she showed good head-reaching and turning to windward. The whole pilot staff being engaged when the craft arrived, tiie master came-to in the anchorage and soon , after the boarding officers reached the barque. She was laid down at toe builder's yard early in 18) 1, and nearly two years were occupied in her i construction, therefore every piece of wood in her is well seasoned. The dimensions of the Nautilus are 112 feet keel by 129 overall, 26 feet beam and 14 feet depth of hold. The whole of the timber in her fabric is colonial, and in j many cases of great length, so as to give ad- j ditional strength by toe avoidance of butts, i The entire hull is finished in a superior manner, j while the part in sight is particularly neat and would vie with the productions of Europe.^ Of course the patent gear, such as_ letter-pillar, steering apparatus, pumps, winches, and windlass was imported, but the boats and other appurtenances were colonial- made. The whole concern is excellent, from the bright brasswork on the poop to toe hawse holes, and a cow in a pen. The space below for accommo dation is made the most of, there being two cabins with spacious state-rooms fitted up with every convenience, and the most fastidious voyager could wish for little that has not been supplied. Bank.—A barque has arrived at Port Mae Donnell, the Standard states, to load bark for transhipment in Hobson's Bay. The Lave Captain , —. Wednesday the flags on the riripptag ae as on various fiagsuufe m fort A.numie were half-masted, and many shops vera partly riosed, at a mark of respect for the late Hon. J. Hart, O.M.G. The Sydney Exhibition.—The Government have placed the sum of £160 at the disposal of the Royal Agricultural and Hortaouttaml Society, to be devoted to the representatioB of South Australia at the International Exhibition, to be held in Sydney in April and May asst. Vital Statistics. —The nnmberof births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ending Saturday, January 25, were: — Births—10 males, 12 females; Deaths—12 males, 16 females; Total—28 births, 27 deaths; Excess of births, 1. Races.—On Saturday afternoon the trotting match between Dick and Rosalie come sS en the Adelaide Course as follows:— Irotting Match.—Three miles. £60 a-cade. Mr. D. Fisher's b.g. Little Dick, aged 1 Mr. Sneli's Rosalie, aged ... ... ... 2 Dick led at the start, and maintained that position throughout, winning easily. Time. 9 mill. 26 sec. Hurdle Race.—£10 a side. A mile and a Mr. H. Trew*s br.g. Unknown, aged, 11 St.... 1 Mr. C. Perry's The Ruck, 10st ... - ... 2 Flat Race.—A sweep of 10s. fld., with £2 2t. added. One mile and a half. Mr. H. Trew's b.g. U.Z., 4 yrs 1 Mr. McDonald's b.g. Marquis of Lorne, 4 yrs. '2 The Executive Counsil.—His ExedtaMy the Administrator of the Government MM a Council on Tuesday, at which there werepraaaat the Commissioner of Crown Lands^tbe Attoraey General, and the Commissioner of Rublie Works. The Laxb Captain Habt.—The news «f the Eudden death of the Hon. J. Hart threw foate a gloom over Eapunda on Tuesday afternoon, where the deceased had a large number af friends, for in many works connected with the town and district he had lent a helping hftl, and his services will not soon be forgcjttefA Fire at Clare.—On Saturdaynigbtw upon Sunday morning a fire brpke skittle- alley attached to Stacej^s Hotel, Clare. It was first obsoi , _ Pretch, who gave an alarm, and the flames were soon extinguished, but. not before they had burnt part of Mr. Ramsay's shed on one ride, a i 'portion of Mr. Victoreen's stable ou the ether, while the alley was destroyed. An inquest was ; held on Monday by Mr. W. L. Beare, J.P., with Mr. Pike as Foreman. There being, how- ■ ever, no evidencetoshowhowthe fire originated, . \ an open verdict was given. i In Mehoriah.—Some friends of the late Mr. ij J. Falkner, who was drowned while en his t return voyage from England, intend erecting W \ his memory a tablet in Christchurch, ? The Overland Tklbgbaph.—Up to the time of eur going to press communication hod net been restored on the Adelaide and Port Darwin ■ line. The interruption exists at a considerable ; distance north of Beltana. The Rev. H. Read, A.M.—We" understand that the above gentleman (Incumbent of St. { Michael's, Mitcham) has undertaken for the j month of February the duties of St. Jamas' I Cathedral Church, in the City of Melbourne. I Mr. Beecher, the Incumbent, is at present absent » on leave, and Mr. Read will reside in the par- 3 sonage. j Prolific Yields.—We are informed that Mr. f Chapman, of Dry Creek, reaped this season from 17£ acres of land, which had been under S cultivation for 80 yearn, 602 bushels ofelean i wheat. Another farmer—Mr. Poole, of Ondlee 1 Creek—sowed red-straw grain from Meant is Gambler as a change of seed, and from 12 1: bushels has obtained 400 of excellent quality. A Runaway.—Some excitement "was caused v in Hindley-street on Friday morning by the career of a hone attached to a dray belonging to Mr. J. Broadbent, farmer, of Cherry Gardens. The animal was startled in North-terrace, rushed up BIyth-street, then against a east-iron =£ lamppost 'opposite Mr. Bickers's shop, and smashed it into three pieces.. Next the beast *> raoed down fiindley-street, and there capeieed ; a horse and spring-cart of Mr. Barley's, p of Nairne, damaging the vehicle, nearly ran into j5 an omnibus, and finally got stopped in Morphett street without having done further injury.. The Jesuits.—By the last mail documents Y from the authorities of the Order of Jesus arrived in Adelaide, appointing the Very Rev. ft Joseph Tappeiner, S.J., Superior of tbw^esnite j-Y resident in Sonth Australia and of the Norwood 1 -i Mission. The Very Rev. Anthony Strele, 8.J., will continue to hold the office of Superior of the College at Sevenhills. Two more Jesuits for the South Australia Mission are expected to arrive by the next mail, when Fr. Tappeiner will receive a coadjutor at Norwood.—Irish jYi Harp. f. Sydney Intercolonial Exhibition.—Tha ps; Government having placed at the disposal of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society the sum of £150, to be devoted to the representation of South Australia at the ? Intercolonial Exhibition, to be held in Sydney in April and May next, a meeting of the Com mittee of Management was held at the Register Chambers on Friday, January 31, to consider the best means or carrying out this object. There were present—Messrs, E. W. Andrews (in the chair), E. W. Pitts, K. D. Roas, J. S. Bagshaw, W. Hackett, P. Gaylard, J. Cobble- ';c dick, H. Foote, A. M. Simpson, J. Robertson, G. McEwin, J. Chambers, and C. J. Coates (Sec- ; ' re tary). A letter was read from Mr. Jules Jouberi* ' Secretary of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales, forwarding a telegram from the Society to the Exhibition Commissioners in Melbourne, stating that £500 would be available for the Victorian Section. Mr. Joubert said it would be seen from this that Victoria meant business of an extensive character. . Queensland would follow suit, and perhaps with .larger means, as a vote of £2,000 was likely to hs applied for; and Western. Australia had voted £500 for preliminary expenses. Mr. S. Daven port (President), Hon. J. Crosier, E. W. Andrews, R. D. Ross, W. Everard, W. Hackett r (Vice-President), T. Hardy, and H. Foote were ■/ ■ appointed a Sub-Committee to arrange for the representation of the colony at the Exhibition. - The meeting then closed. A Tempest.—On Sunday afternoon, January 26, a severe gale passed over Mount Barker, lasting about two hours, and carrying-away the- ^ roofs of several dwellings, sheds, and outhouses^ also the thatch off some haystacks. jsa Druids. —At the annual meeting of the Grand - Lodge of the Ancient Order of Druids recently - held in Melbourne it was decided to onen nn -'4 held in Melbourne it was decided to open up communication with the Grand Lodge in Ade laide with the view of establishing the Order In New Soqth Wales. Meat-Pbesebvxno.—We are indebted jto the Rev. Dr. J. J. Bleasdale, of Victoria, for proof sheets of an interesting artiole written by him self on preserved meats, with especial reference to Mr. James Harrison's method of freezing meat. Band of Hope, Portland Estate.—OnTaes day, January 23, the Portland Estate Band of Hope held their monthly meeting in the Bible Christian Chapel the President; Mr. Simons, in the chair. Mr. Humby delivered a lecture written by Jabez Inwood, on "Teetotaliani. the Temperance of the Old and New u'esta ments." The choir sang several melodies. Tire names were added to the pledge- book. Fatal Accident.—On Monday afternoon, January 27, Mr. Ronald Link, a former in the Hundred of Caraline, was accidentally killed, on his own section by a dray passing over his head. He had just yoked up his team to begin the day's work bringing in the wheat when something startled the horses and they made a bolt. Evidently fearing that they would not clear a tree they were approaching, Mr, link leaped from the dray, but unfortunately fell just in bout of the wheels. He never moved. Deceased was much respected, and was a member of the Port MacDonnril Lodge of Oddfellows, M.U. An inquest was to have been held yester day by Captain French, J.P.—Bonier Watch. Accident.—On Thursday afternoon, January 30, Mr. Eli Dawkins, a farmer, living at Gawler, was driving a wagsn through the scrub near that township when (me of the horses kicked him, breaking the left leg just below the knee. He was admitted to the Hospital on Friday, and is sow progressing favourably. The Torrens Dam.—We are informed that Mr. T. Bastard and Mr. V. L. Solomon, who have separately applied to the City Council for a lease of the Torrens for the purpose of erecting a dam, have come to an arrangement to get up a Company jointly. It will no doubt be more advantageous to all concerned that there should be no clashing of interests. Valuable Stock.—It is stated that Mr. Price, sen., of Hindmarsh Island, has sold for £160 two young bulls to Messrs. Grant and Stokes. Mercantile Marine Insurance Company.— The business of the annual meeting of this Company was resumed at the Exchange Room, Town Hall, on Thursday, January 30: present, 16 shareholders, Mr. S. Cornish in the chair. The report and statement of accounts having boon adopted, Messrs. W. Kay and James Harvey were elected Directors, the former receiving 727 votes and the latter 430 votes. The remuneration of the Auditors for the past year was fixed at 30 guineas, and Messrs. W. Moir and J. Storrie were appointed to act for the ensuing year. Messrs. J. S. Lloyd, W. J. Crawford, and J. : Souttar were chosen to sign the minutes, and the proceedings then closed. 