Wednesday, February 19th. -tielore Mr. Scott, P.M., and Mr. Hewison, J.P. TmiTNir Awn TmnnnuDTv Edward Barnum pleaded guilty to two charges — being drunk and using bad language. For the first offence he was fined 5s. or twenty four hours in the lockup ; and for the second he was find 20s. or seven days in Maitland gaol ; sentences to be accumulative. USING THREATENING LANGUAGE. Emma Jane Williams was charged with using threats towards her husband, Charles Williams, on mo lotn instant, at JN cwcastle. Mr. Capper appeared for the defence. Senior-sergeant Conway proved the arrest of the prisoner at her own house in Bolton-street, by virtue of a warrant taken out by her hus band, and signed by tho Police Magistrate. He took her to the lockup j she was then under the influence of drink, and rofuscd to give up the property she hod with her in a bag, which con sisted of brooches and other articles of jewellery. She became very violent — in fact like a nind woman — when required to give up tho property. Witness, in answer to Mr. Capper, said ho did not know whether the parties had lived happily together or not, as they had been away from Newcastle for some years. Charles Williams deposed : The information read is true ; yesterday she was drunk and was throwing things at me — an egg cup, a screw driver, and various other things j she took up a bottle of aquafortis to throw at me, and swore she would blind me ; she struck at mo with a large piece of wood, wliich I evaded by closing the door; tho blow came down on her own fore head _; she was drunk and swearing at me all the morning ; I am still afraid of her. By Mr. Capper : Sho is violent when sho is drunk, and that is about three times a week ; when she is drunk she is very .violent, but when sober sho is as good a woman as ever a man lived with ; I nra still so much afraid of her that I cannot consent to live with her again j if she kept sober I would not be afraid of her, but from what I know of her propensity to drink I have reason to fear for my Hfe owing to her intemperate habits; sho know the bottle sho took up to throw at me contained aquafortis. By the Court : I cannot keep hor from drink ; she takes the money herself. On tho application of Mr. Capper, tho prisoner went into the witness-box. Emma Jane Williams deposed : About threo or four days ago, my husband, who appears not right in his mind, brought the police into tho house ; ho went out, saying that he would show the state of the houso to the police ; yesterday morning, while I was cleaning the windows, ho took up a scantling and went to strike mo with it ; I took up the screwdriver to fasten the door so as to keep him out, as he was mad with drink, having been drinking during the previous day ; on Sunday evening ho brought: Mrs. Gamble to tho houso to take the chUd, wliich is ten months old ; I told him that as soon'as the baby got a little stronger I would go to service and take tho child witli me ; what made rae.so violent was when thoy forcibly took tho child from my breast ; I can swear that I did not take up the bottle of aqua fortis at all yesterday ; I knew what it contained, as I had used it a fort night before to test a ring. To the Court : I was not so drunk as not to know whether I took it up or not. By Mr. Capper : He 1ms frequently told me he would take me to the Policc-oflice to get rid of mo. Prisoner was ordered to find two sureties in £10 each, to keep the peace to all her Majesty's subjects, and in particular to her husband, tor three months, or to be imprisoned for one month in Maitland gaol. INSULTING LANGUAGE. Jnne Cook was charged with using insulting language to Mary Parsons, in a public place in Newcastle. Mr. Capper appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Leader for the defence. Mr. Leader applied for a postponement, in order to procure the attendance of a material witness. Mr. Capper said that he would not object to an adjournment, provided Mr. Leader would pay tho costs. This Mr. Leader declined to do, and the case proceeded. Mary Parsons deposed : On Saturday evening, at about a quarter-past eight o'clock, I was i?oing aloncr Blane-strcct. which is a public place in this city; Mrs. Cook was there, and a friend of mine was speaking to her ; I was speaking to Mrs. Smith, and Mrs. Cook asked me whose ? neck I was going to screw ; sho said, ' If my husband, Cook, screwed my neck, I am not going to let you do it ; she said that I might well be ? flash, as I had two pilots to steer me ; she said Mrs. Knight had bit pier.es outof my ear, because she was jealous of me ; I said, ' It is a pity M'Cullum is not here — ho would tell you what your character is.' By Mr. Lender : I said nothing about screw ins; anybody's neek ; all that I said was, that M'Cullum could tell her character; I did not say a word about her sister-in-law ; I said Mrs. Langham knew her character ; Mrs. Cook would not have said tins had she not been drunk ; there were only two other persons present ; Mrs. Cook sent Mrs. Smith to me this morning, to usk me to make it up ; I said I would it' she would pay all expenses and insert an apology in the papers. . By Mr. Capper : I required a public apology because the language was used in a public place. Charlotte Carter, examined by Mr. Cupper, deposed : I am a servant at the Kuuwuy Hotel ; between eight and nine o'clock, I saw complain ant and defendant in the street ; I only heard a word here and there ; I heard defendant once say, ' Flaming b ? w ? , and b — h and b ? liar ; ' I hoard Mrs. Cook tell Mrs. Parsons that Jack .Knight was keeping her ; both wore walking along at the time ; Mrs. Cook had come out of tho public- house and met Mrs. Parsons in tho struct ; 1 hoard her say also that she ought to steer well for she had two pilots to steer her ; I did not hear Mrs. Cook say anything about screwing the neck ; I could not tell at the distance whether sho was drunk or sober. By Mr. Leader : I could not tell whether Mrs. Cook was drunk or not ; she did not stagger, but she might be drunk for all that ; I heard Mrs. Parsons say something but could nut under stand what she said — her voice was drowned by Mrs. Cook's voice, which was very loud — at thu top of her voice ; I was then in tho verandah ; I saw both' complainant and defendant ; I did not notice anyone else. Mr. Leader again applied for a postponement of the case until throe o'clock. On resuming the case in the afternoon, Mr. Leader said the witness ho wanted to produce had gone out to the mines, and ho could not bo with tho court unless a postponement, until to morrow, was granted. This having been refused, he addressed tho Court in defence of his client at some icngcn. The Court found the defendant guilty, and I fined hor 10s., with costs, amounting, in all, to £1 13s. 'Id. Defendant was allowed 2-t hours to pay the fine. OUSCKNE LANGUAGE. Mary Ann Lewis was soummoned to answer the charge of using obscene language at Wara tah, on the 10th instant, but did not appear. Constable Simon Daly proved the service of the summons, when a warrant was issued for hor apprehension. INSANITY. Alexander Holt was brought before tho court, charged with being of unsound mind. Peter Fleming deposed : About four weeks ago ho picked up the defendant who was then a stranger to him ; ho was in a very feeble state, and suffering from sunstroke ; he complained of pains in the head ever since ; witness has been supplying him with medicine ; ho used to rave, and was labouring under tho hallucination that a ghost was chasing him. Constable M'Cullum gave evidence to the effect that, yesterday, he arrested the prisoner on the authority of a warrant, signed by the Police Magistrate ; he complained of pains in his head and said there were big and little ghosts aftor him to kill him. The medical evidence of Dr. E. C. Knaces and Dr. Pickbum wont to show that they had examined prisoner and found him suffering from dementia, and labouring under tho impression that there were ghosts after him to kill him. The delusions ho is labouring under render him unable to take care of himself, and needed to be placed in an asylum for pro tection. He was ordered to bo sent to tho Receiving House, at Darlingkurst, for medical treatment. ASSAULT. Mary Oswald, alias Simmons, appeared to answer tho charge of assaulting and beating Agnes Entwistlo, ou the 15th instant, at New castle. Mr. Capper appeared for the complainant and Mr. Leader for the defendant. Agnps Entwistlo, examined by Mr. Capper, deposed ; The defendant before the court is the person of whom I complain ; I was at the corner of Steel and Blane streets at about half-past ten or eleven o'clock on Saturday night last ; I was walking past defendant ; she said, ' Hot coffee ;' I turnod round to see who it was ; sho then made use of filthy expressions ; she caught me by the hair of my head and pullod some of it out, and struck me with her fist in the eye, whijh blackened it ; she out my hand with some thing? she had — I nnnnnfc unv w-l.nf if Timo . T called on tho person who I was walking with' to separate us, for I believe she would have killed mo if she could ; sho had previously spat upon me in the presence of Mr. and Mrs. White ; I gave hor -no provocation, nor had I spoken to her since Christmas Day ; she tore my hat and tho trimming off my jackot ; the marks on my hand and on my «yo were caused by tho defendant. By Mr. Leader : I have not summoned Mr. or Mrs. White; I have not summoned the gentleman I was walking with ; I know him verv woll ; I do not know the person that was with the defendant ; I did not spit in defendant's face ; defendant caught me by the hair ; it might be with a pin that she cut me ; the person sho was with could see if I had spat in defendant's face if I did so j I am not living with my husband — nor have I lived with him for some time ; the reason I have not spoken to defendant since Christmas is, that she was turned out of- her place, ..' Thomas Oscar, White was called but did not appear. This was the case for the complainant. Eva Brown, examined by Mr. Leader, de posed :Vl know both complainant and defendant ; on Saturday night, I was going to post a letter, and when in Blane-street, about eleven o'clock, with the defendant, complainant passed; sho had a man with her, and spat at defendant threo times, 'saying at the same time, ' I have it in for you;' sho then caught hold of defendant and tore the sleave of her dress; Big Agnes (de fendant), spat first ; defendant did not do any thing to complainant until she tore her dresB ; I did not seo defendant spit in complainant's face at all ; I saw both scuffling together. By Mr. Capper : I do not live wi'Ji defendant ; I live near her ; I was with the defendant ; I was not at a great distance away at the time ; I was not iii defendant's company at nine o'clock that evening ; I was not many minutes in de fendant's company before that time ; it might be ten minutes; the quarrel did not last two minutes ; I was about tfiTee yards away at the time ; complainant spat at defendant as she passed, and then returned to defendant ; they two had a hold of each other ; they separated themselves ; the man 'did not interfere at all ; I -will not swear whether it was dark or light at the time ; it was tho complainant who spat at the defendant, and not the defendant at the com plainant. Mr. Leader having addressed the Court in d«. fence, and Mr. Capper in reply, the defendant was found guilty of the assault, and fined one shilling, with 6s. 6d. costs, and 21s. professional costs — in all, £1 8s. 6d. 