COLONIAL. In referoncq ,to'f {.lib Stjuveli MinirigtDi8pute3 tho MMbmirnb,,\cofrosp|)ii(lon.t'''^f.\'ii-'o '''SrM.; Herald' of .Soptomber' 26^ write'a't.y-Poficq ' lias been proclaimed at Stawoili'iviicl tjip lafgb'body of police, . which -litul', liebn'kept'oiV'Uiqapqt for some time past .. rpady'ip 'mtbrpbaq 'on' tho'otit-' broak of any s'ucfr ;nctiiaV fticrinhter ria'AVas' threatened botweon tho local claimholdora and1 Mil! .Biilhirat junipoi^haa'.bebn' Withdrawn. The Stawell men ;havo; agrbed't.b pay their invaders 7600 shards biriVcif 2CK00O' iri'teri'ded;to bo Issued., for the formation of a now corhpaiiy 'to 'work portions of tho jumped' ground.- One of tho claims' in- dispute: is ?'? still i imsett 1 ocl,i butitiwill probably ibond justed, very, soon, for both -parties; have become. conscious of tho magnitude of their expenditure; in law costs,, and. .tho terms havo, boon consented to by ,t.he. Stawelli.tes.,solel.y!tp avoid further losses in this , direction. The sequel to this marauding-expedition has been a very appropriate ; one. „ ! As, soon ns.tho original claitnholdora woro. arranged;, with; tho jumpers, at Ballarat fell out, among themselves as to the, torms of the Jbargain,, and .began .to charge th'o; executive body of thotv ' own; members, witlrhav-' ing.takenmnfair, advantage ;. of ; itheir follow-; jumpers.-,' They don't in fact accept, their report, but have appointed some. oMheir,, number) to institute some ,lrincl, of scrutiny .into the way in which; matters; have been, -managed. ?'. The impli cation -is /.plain.1 enough, -.but, the, ,wliole,, of-jthe, transactions from beginning to end.hjivp.a ,yery: shady complexion. ,,; ....... ? ,. ,,-. ..'; ;-,„, v',.; 'rl\ ,,, Alluding to '.tlio-'iWdrlfingiof-tho Now .'Educa tion Act. of Victoi-ia tho 'correspondent of the ' S.- M. Herald' wrote as follows from Melbourne on tho 22nd ultimo :-^The difficulties of .working the now Apt are! weekly developing themselves ; and proof is constantly afforded .that tho Act .was put in operation somewhat.prematurely — that if) to say, there should have been more time allowed . for making provision for (thc great rush. of scho lars which took plnco on the Acb being hrm-glit. into operation. With school nccomodatipn vastly .betow the requirements of almost every district. of the colony,. it has, of course, been ini possible;to put, the. compulsory clauses in force, and. from the time which has bad. to elapse, in deciding upon now sites, and upon the plans for school buildings, the overcrowding, of the : old buildings has began to create alarm. and apnre heiision amongst;parents for the health of. their children.,: ': ? ? } ; .. ?'?'?, ? ? ? Tho following telegrams -are titlcen ? from late issues of tho ' S. M. Herald' :— Hnbart Town, September 24— Tho Treasurer in his financial statement has . congratulated the House -on the prosperity of .the country, which- ho says is un equalled for fifteen years past.' There; is- 'a material increase in the Customs'. receipts.- :-Ho. has proposed a 6d.: income-tax to meet the 'de- ficiency in the land revenue, : audio prepare for very large Customs' remissions;1 which are con sidered necessary in aritici)intion of the free in terchange of colonial products. Ho intends expending largely for telegraphy, and the con struction of roads and bridges. His budget was' coldly received. — Adelaide. September 24. —Mr. Ward's motion for: the allowance of travelling expenses to mombors of Parliament has been carried.— The Morning Star Company—twenty-, five' thousand shares— has. just been floated in the Northern territory to work a claim on the Britannia reef. Mr. ; C. Wescotts telegraphs that no alluvial has been discovered, and that it is absurd of people. to miako a! r.nsh.— The half yearly report of the Moonta. Mining Company shows that nearly 12,000' tons ofore haR been raised, giving a neat profit balance of £117,000. The company employs 1429 hands. . : Lectuke on Pytiites.— Yesterday evpning, (says the ' S. M. Herald' of September 20)' an instructive lecture was delivered at the School of Arts by Mr. if; Ponticost, on the treatment of auriferous pyrites. There was a numerous and attentive audience. ' Mr. Macintosh, M.L.A., introduced. the lecturer a3 a Kcutlemnn, .recently come out from England, who had a thorough practical knowledge of all the details of the mat ter unon which ho was about to addross them. The (lecturer who was well received) began by explaining that the term pyrites was used to des ignate a group of minerals compounded with metals, with sulphor or with arsenic, or with both. The1 namo originally belonged' to the sulphnret of iron.' and was derived from the Greek word ' pyr' signifying Sre— from the boat given forth by this substanco when in a state of conihusion. One kind 'of pyrites was a bisul phiite of iron, , often called ..mundic; another was the, white iron pyrites or marcasite ; another, tho magnetic, pyrites.; a .fourth, arsenical, pyrites— reseinblintj gneiss ; and a fifth, copper pyrites, also called yellow copper or, chalco-pyrite, ?' &c.; When any of ? those sulphnrets contained- gold rthey ? were -called ' auriferous ;' and it was the disengaging of tho gold from this mineral tliat constituted tho task undertaken by science, which ho proposed to treat , of that evening: Several different modes had' been' irivonted, and of these ho should speak, giving them (as far as the limits of a brief lecture ? would allow)' somo account of tho literature connected with this important subject. , The lecturer then procooded to treat of% the mannor in which gold wa3 supposed by mineralogists to exist in connection with pyrites, and of the inevitable I033 that took place in tho separation of the precious metal from the mineral Bubstanoe in which it was thus found. He des cribed tho different pro'cossos by which the disintegration of tho pyrites was to bo bronglit about by roasting, amalgamation, winnoin', pulverisation, and' no forth. Ho described tlie theories adopted and carried ont by the several savaus . who had dono thuir bost to solve the knotty probloin, and in the list mentioned with approval the plan lr.tely invented: by Mr. E; Reading. Having treated of every important process hitherto discovered, he pointed out their respective excellences and defects. In his opinion no one of those processos was applicable indiscriminately to all ?? conditions of pyrites, nor could be relied upon as productive of uniform success. Observation of, and practical ndapta-1 tion'to, cirenmstances would best detorinine tho use. Ho was satisfied that there waa 'a consider able amount of cold in pyritos in this colony, and that if they did but go tho right way about extracting it, there must bo a vast wealth pro ducible .therefrom. Whether by tho roasting, tho chlo'rination, or tho sodium .amalgamation, processes, success might be achioved if difficul ties were duly grappled with, and overcome. After the lecture there ivas a discussion of a conversational character upon tho subject, which although treated af technically, appeared to bo generally well understood by the audience. In the end, a vote of thanks was — on tlio motion of Mr. Larmer— seconded by thb Hon. J. B. Wilson —awarded to Mr. Penticost for his valuablo and instructive lecture. , -? The Cast-iron Grand Piano.— The following description of ihe grand pianoforte used at * Madamo Goddard's concorts in Sydnoy is an ex tract from ' a rather long letter writton by Mr. J-'D. p. Jackson, who says that somo misap prohonsuin in regard to its construction exists in the minds of musical pooplo'.'many imagining that it is nyvdo qhieny of iron. 'Theso instru monts' aro thado in solid plain oak, mahogany, : and various, fancy woods. Their construction 'is very costly— time, nnvtgrial, ,, nnd men well ekulod in such poculiar and interesting : work beiiiij essentially -necessary. Tho case, or frame ?work is 'in- part principally made of white donl, pino, oak, and beach, with tho oxcoption of the Bound board, -that-being of Swiss deal, and is considerably strengthened with iron, wrought and cast. The natent' pin-plate is resisted and secured with diagonal bracing, and provided with a gua-motal harmonic tyo-bar throughout'' its entire length^ all' of whicli « admirably; fitted ' and'is,'' to'use tt'sliop''to'rmii'a:'olov'eiv p'ieeb'of ' ' pianoforte ongineoring.' Tho action— so well , known' -t« horizontal pianoforte' ! makers for' its' durability and ox tre'me simplicity; -^-is perfected jwith .1; mbatiMngonionsXancU Bubstantial1 contri-1 :Vano.6 for sotting off tho hammors ;':-tlio'blmV' .from ;which:?beingontiroly at thocwill of the! porformor, j ho.wover : lmul or'soft^or' with what ovor force tbo demand may bp,rprotlnce a most comfortftble.nndcleliglitfti^touch., , Thoso actions^ aro7f uviiisliqd , with under , clampers, of a supqrior. mako, i«id, yery prompt moyoinent.'; ,.V ,,,,?',;? The; Anstriiliaji natives .who,, aro sent to, the lnothor-'coiiniry ..for tho , purjioso, of completing their education* generally tak'o. a . position above, tho ayerage.of students, and some hi.vo especially , disiinguishocltheinsiilyes'. , ..A Scotch. pfiper says :. '—?'? Tlio, . interesti'ni; ceremony. ? of , capping, ,tho , graduates . .in ..inpdicine in. .tho, University ,'pf Edinburgh has been performed in. the ^ Assembly, Hall, and,' as .usiiiil. \yas witnes.sed by ' ajnum'or (ius .'and . fiishionablo ' gathering!' V The 'Lord' ?Justice-General, n^ Chancel lor of 'tlio University, presided, ;and ' tlio address to the 'graduates Wijs; doli*'erbd by Professor Timior.. , It is iiitorbstin'g, to -jbaorvo:ftljn.t' the Ettle's prize' of ,'£40^ givon'to tho/bes't grailnato of the', year, 'lias boon, gained by ari'ASistvalin.'rist'iidont.' ' The' student i'lbnvo' 'referred to ist John Wilson Alston, B. A.,, who, 'after a' distinguished career ' at'tlie Sydney- Uni-' versityi -where' ho.' gained' many -lHtnorsj pro-' 'ceodecl in 1869'to Edinburtth 'for the purpose 6f; studying ?medicino.1|:Inl870 lio;\vas 'electedto1 'the Gilchrist scholarship, of which the'Senateof ? 'tho University of Sydney has the; disposal every. fwoyears. :-\ u ' ,.-? r.a: -._?. ?!--:;:, li.-t. 'n:-i ?i'. ,-i,:ti -r. '?' Secul'ah Education i—Secuiarediiciitionwill,. on tho whole, he fonnil (ibnsistent'with'andoveh -O'eatly 'helpful l to ! Religion in 'its' 'highest' aiicr largest sense'.' ? Wheri-wo consider'howihiany 'of our mornl blunders and offences ariso simply from'shoor ignorance rather-' Minn1 from evilliiM tention ;;\vheh we romeriiber .how often a.rude, ' harsh injurious nttenmce, or a rash hasty violent^ behaviour might'havoibeen;prevented by a littlo of that cultnro whichsoftens and1 refines; eniolliti moros ? when wo rdfloct' that the 'habits (if tho' blackguard are often the result'' of miei'o vacuity of mind, from his never having hoard or seen or been .taught by either precept or. examplo; within his sphere what are tho traits and characteristics' of a gentleman,— we ought! gratefully to appre ciate the humanising influences of seciilar educa tion, and render hearty thanks to God 'who has inado'tho amenities nnd elegancies of onr:mortal life and the accoinplisnments of tho world har inonioiis , witn and oven lielpful to.,tlie: ? .virtues' which are neoded in; ileaven... Still .wo' do not think even' a secular education, possible without) somo , incidental notice of, religious thtjigs; and: even if , it; were ; possiblo wo.shoul.d regard- it as far from .desirable. .Without interlarding cant with : science or theologj', with geography and grammar, we should in a quiet easy'.way.snpple ment those and other, studies with such remarks' and comments about goodness, beauty, heavenly benignity and caro; as might naturally nnd with-, out strain ai-iso. out of or bo snggostcd ;byany secular topic of .instruction. Lot tho,y()ung iii their moral trials and struggles, thoir. difficulties and .entanglements, -.their crises of temptiition and passion, be encouraged to consult conscionco; and to ask enlightenment of that conscience by Recret prayer.. Suffer littlo children to go unto Him and . forbid them not.. Wo. only ask that these delicate things shall not be done by-line and rule, with magisterial form and authority, that there shall be no merely olliciul interference with: tho sacred duties and privileges of a child,; no meddling nf bishops, rectors, curates or other ministers (in theiiv clerical, capacity), 'with- the roligion.pf a public school. Poratimo, perhaps,: many a zealot will find it difficult to forego what ho fanatically believes to bo. a religious duty, many an earnest Romanist and' Anglican' Pusey ite inay. sigh that ho is not permitted, when he thinks proper, to turn' the schoolroom : into a1 sort of Catholic Cathedral, with crosses and cnn-« dies, crucifixes and Imtiners. Many aii Evange lical saint'inay wish that ho could be allowed to dismiss tho boys ti» their dinner with a hyinii about Jesu's lilood, or golden hoavon, or biirn injf hell. Many a Rantor may think' that he could usefully close tho lessons of the day by thundering away at the youiig sinners 'abimt wrath to comb and the dangerous' condition of their souls. And there1 may bo hero1 and 'there a Secular Philosopher' of extreine' sie'pticaVteni-1 poramenti who may think1 that he !cpukl give tlio children good' advice; and teach' them how to' mako the' best of this world by banishing the belief in; any other. ' All tlieso good 'p'edp'lo' nro ' earnest., sincore, and ' well-mbaniiigj biit'iibu'd iif. tbeui should he permitted to~ enter, oflldially and: authoritatively',' thb public school. They will each' and all' have1 their ' opportii n i ties in pri'vaifce', and none can hinder theiii.' And assoiiipdf them aro men of attainments 'aiid 'high culture,' men of ' benevolence and philanthropic1 aims', it inay possibly happen' that what they, have to say. out of the school maybe sensible, arid wise,' and fitted to supplement that which the children have studied within' the school. — 'Inquirer.' :':.: ? The' CHAm of St. PETER.-H-AlthbugK it ik said that a tradition descending from tlie aposto lic times existed in the Oh'uroli of a chair:nsed by St. Peter as^Bishop of Roihe.'yot'it.'di'te's not appear that any'actual chair wiis brought' forward as the identical one, and honoured as 'such until' tho sixteenth century. This first chair which was dignified ns 'that of St. Peter, : was, .it ap pears, of ivory, said to have been a1 ; Roman ciirulo chair, and claimed to havo belonged to' one in whoso house- Peter .was said' to Iiavo lodged. But 'when Popo Clpmont vin, whoso pontificate commenced 'in '1692,j! proposed : to oxalt this chair ; into an object, of 'veneration, Baronius;- himself a jcardmil and- historian' of the Church, caused hi'nrto observothat the car'-'1 vings upon it represented tho twelve 'labours of' Hercules, which rendered it unfit to'be set up as the opiscopal' chair of tho great Apostle.' A second chair, soleoted from tho depository of ; rolics; and made of wood,1 was thorefore adopted in its place, ami served for sixty years as an' ?obiect- of veneration and worship. Whoir Alex ander vn, whose pontificate-' began in' 1655, employed- Bernini to prepare tho tribuno of St. Peter to receive, the chair of , ths Apostle, as ..we now see it, a new difficulty occurred with regard to tho then sanctified chair.. It-. was ; discovered to be in tho Gothiu style, consequently belong ing to a date much later than the apostolic days'. The Pope wan sorely puzzled ; the old ivory chair was rejected on account' of its mythological carvings,' and this second chair carried tocTovi-' dently it's own date with it to bo safely used. Again tho depository of rolics, was resorted to, and a chair solectod of dignified size and style, which had been brought from tho East by the Criisaders. Awiinsfc this chnir not a single objection certainly could exist, Bernini was ordered to encaso' it in brbnzb, nnd in 1CC01 it was exalted to its present elevation, 'supported by the fathers of the Church, 'as wo havo said. The following year tliat Popo died, :and tho chair maintained itn unquestioned character till the 'be'ini:irig of tho present century; ' whon, Lady Morgan tells us, in her work on Italy, tho '? Frorioh being then iii ' possession of Romo, were (oinpted by their sacrilegious ciirinsify, which 'iuyercanio' all obstacles, to ex amine Ibis famous chair.' .Accordingly tliby drew it. from its case of lironze, andto thoir sur prise discovered upon it an Arabic inscription iii these words : ' There is' only' ono God and' Mahomot is his prophbt.'— m. 11. ' ?. ; : ? Children should never bo cntertainqd, wi.th stories of ghosts 'or murders. ! ,'Thq sooner tho 'raw head aiid bloody bono'- school :of educa tion is abolishod the bettor.. Horrible tales mako a most.forcil-lo impression on thb minds 'of thb' young, which it may require years to eradicate 