MAIL ITEMS. The Liyht Uriyaile cleared tho English Channel on Docombor 28th with a fino loading wind. Tho Gounteas of llussell, 1000 tons, was, when tho mail loft in January, loading at London for ltoclc- hnmptou. Wustwood llACES. — By advertisement received late last night wc learn that a capital day's sport JH 10 ue uem m. ivusnvuuu uu uioiuiay, in iionor ol He, Patrick's day. Tlio programme is comparatively spooking a first-class one, and will no doubt draw a goodly muster of our crock nags to tlio course. The stewards of the meeting are goullcincn well- known, tho list being headed by It. Ballard, Esq., a sufficient guarautco of everything being carried out in prime racing spirit. Wo regret there is to be no excursion train to Wcstwood on Monday, as wo feel convinced if thoro wore oiio it Would be well patronised. The " james Pateuson." — 'This steamer, with about 50 Cornish minors, their wives and families, lately arrived in tlio llalnayuith, from London, was passed by tho Tiiionce, on routo to St. Lowrcuco, on Thursday, at 5 o'clock, this side of Slioalwalor Bay, off Flat Island. litEAriiE Royal — Tho now company sooms to Inr'Z! i"shaU8libl repertoire., nnd a now piece porfoimod last night called "Worth a Struggle" a sorto-oonuo drama of groat power, full |0f start- Ar ?!, 10119 nml tolli"8 Pointa Wo bavo novor scon 1' b-'ui to such advantage as in the part of .Scrawl, tho rascally lawyer. ibs conception of tlio character was remarkably good and close lo nature olicilnig repealed applause from tlio house. Mr. Jordan also played with unusunl vigor and onrneot- " ' (MMl "R IIaz» ' Scrawl's clerk acliiovcd a marked success. 1 1 rs. 1'awcet.t ns liatc Jlcmon quite took tho sympathies of tlio audience, one gentleman boing so enrriod away by liisfcolhigs, that ho indignantly tolil .Scrawl ho was n blaok guard, tho unoxpectoduoss of llio (loolm-alien almost upsetting tho gravity, anil visibly taxing tho risihlo musulos of tlio actors. Mr.' Briggff as Fitz Snooks, was just wlmt Kile Snooks would be, and, as usual with l.im, kept tlio stage to icvr80! ' "u'Sbt wo soo tho Company', produoo. Maoboth," with tho original musio of Loolto, con- msthig of tlio 'oelobrated; Witches!, song, to bo followojby an not of P Othollq" and nnothoy soriol oonho drnmn Ratbor n good return for ouo's money wo tlnuk. : .; ' J The wneok of the " Polmaise."— Wo obsorvo by tlio telegraph hows published on this affair that tho Marqio Board .has pnsspd; sontoiioc on Cnpt. Sowardi ' and vory properly suspended his oorlittoato for twelve months. Our comments at tho timo of tiro wreck, in wliioli wo plainly pointed out wlioro tho fault lay, liavo boon fully ondorsod by tho Board, who noouso him of omitting to talco ; tho . nooessary precautions to obtain 0 correct position of tho ship, und that from tlio way tho -vessol was- nnvigatod, ho displayed a want of ordinary prndenoo and 'iutolligonoo— also that ho showed liuduo Iiusto in loaviug tlio vossel. . We should think ho did, boing tlio first man, instead of as ho. ought to liavo boon, tho last, to lonvo hor. Wo put tho saddlo on tho right liorso, nml kopt it thoro, dospito tlio offor of a rotaiuing foo of fifty pounds mndo to our oonnsol (who hold onrgonoral retainer) to oouimoiieo ah notion on Captain Sownrd's nooount against this journal for oomnionts on tho onuses of , tho - wrook, oausos thoroughly well kuown," lind . tlio. talk of tlio town, but which only rocoivod. publicity through this paper. A journalist is falso to his trust : if ltois rolicont whou tho public gootV is; oonbbrnod. Wo cannot, liko otliors. shift our opinions with' our clolhos, and trim our viows to Buit bircumstancos — ' Hcavon liolp tho man who," somo ono writos, im agines ho can dodgo his onomios by trying to ploaso ovorybody. Wo liavo our opinions, so liavo otliors, but wo .don't fall into tho error of supposing' tlioy will respect us mora for turning our coat ovory day to suit the oolor of theirs, wo worn our own colors in spito of wind and woathor, storms ami sunsliiuo. It costs tho vacillating and irresolute ten times tlio trouble to wind and slitilllo, and twist, than it docs liouost, manly in- dopendenco to stand its ground, and no combination or cliquism shall mnko us doviatc ono hair's breadth from tho independent ennrso wc havo always pursnod in our comments upon public matters. Municipal Council. — It will bo soon by our roport of tho lust Council meeting that it is thoir intontion to dovoto a fnrthor sum of £118 towards building an other punt to replace that which was sunk some short timo sinco. Everything connected with ptuitago mat ters sooms lo bo a niistako— tho greatest of all being the rejection of our scheme for throwing- a pontoon bridgo across tho Fitzroy (models of the dosign were scon at our office), at a trilling cost of somo £2500, for which smu responsible parlios wore pre pared to nndortako ami comploto tho work— but 110— -llio Corporation just llion liiul punt on tho brain, got somo favorite schcmo about slonm, of which thoy made, as was prodiotod, a mess, and incurred fresh oxpoitse. Wc maintain now that it would bo chenpor and of far greater ndvaulngo to tho town and to llio public, to follow tho oxamplo Hliown us by our Con tinental neighbors, who havo tlio most rapid and broadest rivers amongst thorn — tho Elbe and tho llliino — spanned by pontoon bridges which havo stood for fifty years tlio woar and tear of immense traffic, and have boou found to answer ovory purpose, not only of traffic, but havo carried wholo armies and their baggage trains across in tlio stormiest woathor with the most perfect safoty. It must bo admitted that our punt is a failure, tlu.t wlion thoro is tho least ripplo oil llio wator, sho daro not face it, that on tho aliglitost fresh she is almost unmanageable, that an immoiisu sacrifico of timo is incurred by the public in waiting on licr movements ; that after and before corlain hours, neither horsemen nor convoyaucc of any kind can cross, and that in fact llio wholo thing is a burlesque upon public couvonionco. Wo sub mit that had tho Corporation only devotod a titho of tho altoution to our proposition for throwing a pon toon bridgo ovor tho river that thoy did to tho con struction of tho presont steam- punt, that long ere this tho North and South sido of tho Fitzroy would liavo been permanently connoctcd, with great ftdvnn. tago to both places, nnd that tlio oxponso of doing so would havo boon considerably under that incurred in building tho presont monstrosity, which is a standing reproach to its -projectors. The Volunteers. — An extraordinary largo muster of tho VoluntoorswasinndoonWednosday ovoning at llio Drill Rooms, in pursuance of au order " lo attend, and be measured for uniforms." Thirty-sovou Volun teers altondod and wore duly measured by the " Regimental tailor." The Wesleyans. — This body is about losing its pastor, tho Rev. Clinrlos Wiles, who has for tho last 3 yoars admiuislorod to thoir spiritual wants. During Mr. Wiles' sojurn in Rookhampton ho has won, not only tho esteem and respect of his own floolt, but of all othor Christian denominations in town. Ever rondy to holp in tho furthorauco of religion, Mr. Wilos has always boon in tho vanguard with that onrnost and Christian niiuistor, tho Rov. Mr. Hartloy, 'in attonding meetings, and doing their Master's work. Tho Wosloyan congrega tion intend inviting their pastor to a ton mooting to bo held in Kont-strcct Chapol on 31st inst., and wo liavo litllo doubt it will bo largely atlendod. Mr. Wilos oxclinugos with tho Rov. Mi. Woodhouso, of Gympio ; tho lattoi gonllonian is liigfily spoken of, nnd from what wo hear, will provo a valuablo acquisi tion to tlio Wosleyah body. The Signal Staff. — It is tho general impression that tho ling staff, on tlio Towor pf tho Tologrnph and Post Offices, is to bo only tho height nt which it is at present raised, nt which many persons grumble, bocausc llicy say thoy ean't soo it from wlioro thoy resido. This is. a mistake, ns the staff will, wlion placed in a proper position, bo nt least throe times its present hoiglit, nnd tlio sigiinls will bo visiblo in all parts of tho town. Tho Towor is rapidly approaching completion, and will, wlion finished, havo a very pretty offoot. The ' Glen Gordon " Copper Mine.— Somo splondid spocimons of blue oabonato and grey ore havo boon brought into town from tho ttliovo niino and arc on viow at Mr. B. Broduitz's store. Tlio ore shows ovory sign of oxlremo riohuoss, aud is oxpoctod to return n much higher pot contago than at first ostimntod. Tho lode is at present about 5 foot thicki from which a quantity of about 5 tons aro awaiting shipmout to Sydney for losting. Tlio disoovory of tlio " Cilon Gordon " Ihib slhuulatod prospecting in tho vicinity, nnd sovoral, likely spots are boing tostod. Marble.— Thoro is on view nt tlio stores of Messrs. R. M, Hunlor and Co. sonic splendid specimens Of marble brought by Captain If miter from No. GIslaiul The lease of tho island has been duly executed anil wo bcliojo that Mossrs. Hunlor and Co. intend at oucc developing the quarry. Men nro to bo set on ' immediately, and blocks will ho quarried and sent south, nnd from'whnt wo havo seen of tlic specimens wo boliovo that a demand will spring iip for tho marblo. Tnn Cleiimont and St Lawrence Road. — This I splendid (1) moans of .communication bctwoon tho l'oak Downs and tho port is in suporb condition, and offors any amount of facilities (?) for pooplo wishing lo tnko a short, but not speedy routo. A gontlomau who left Roekhninpton 3 weeks back in the Tinonce for llio ptirposo of taking whnt ho considered the shortest nnd boat rond to tlio I'oak Downs, returnod in tho Hftmo vossol, after having been dolnyod in St, Lawrence for over a fortnight. Ho slates that com munication with llio l'ealc Downs is entirely stopped, owing to llio impassable stntc of tho rends. Tho ninihiinu wns delayed a week, and for four milos, on what tho St. Lrwronco pooplo call a splendid rond, lie had to wado up to his horso'u girths in muck and slush. Tlio gontlomau wo refer to had such a high opinion of 8t. Lawrence. fifl Mm imfnrnl nnrf fnn Glormoiit, tlmt, nftor nil oxponso of ,€50, ho proforrod lotunnng to Roekhninpton, nnd proccod hy tho old rond via Gninford. I'LOTBAat. -Cuptnin Hirst roports passing 011 Thiirs- day, 10 milos west of Capo Townshcnd, part of a ship's dook-houso, supposed to belong to tho Polmaise, it wns pnintod w'liitoy ns also largo, quantities of floating wreck. A great quantity of preserved moats in casoa and tin's wore nlso passed during" tho day, as weir as sovoral casks of tallow. . . . ; Sad Accident at St. LAtvitKNOB.— On Monday last a fatal ncoident occurred to Jolin WilliamB, tlio son of tho Pilot at tlio port of St. Lawrence. .Tlio facts as relatod by Captain ' Ilirst (ire as follows On tho nf- tornoon of tho day in qncstion llio boy's mother sont hiin to bring up tlio oows, and tho Had by way of nilifflrlv ftii/ISiirr (linin il. .1 i a. i "5 viiviu iwuuuugu uiu mgniu atnn to uib- ooyor their whoroabouts, on reaohing tho oross-trooB tlio poor lad foil to tlio ground, a distauob of about 45 foot. Another hoy who was olo'so by 011 soeiug Johnny .fall, ran to bis parouts, who .oamo to his nBsistaueo, but thoy found tlio lad in n stato of uuoonsoionsnoss Thoy nt oiico couvoyod him lo his houso, and de spatched o mossongor to Dr. Gildor, who was at tho township 4 milos off. Dr. Gildor quiokly arrived, but all efforts to bring tho poor boy round was unavail able. Addod to intornal injuries, . his right thigh, loft sliouldor, and right wrist wore :hroken, nml lio gradually sank nnd diod on tho Ttiosday afternoon- lio was huriod. on Wodnosday, and tho fnnora1 was largoly nttonded by nearly nil tho rosidonts in tho vioinity. Groat sympathy' is ovincbd to.wnrds tlio bo- ronved parents; tlio lad was nbout 9 yoars old, and from his intolligonco and klndnoss pf disposition, had en deared himself to all thoso who know him. The " Melbourne Bar."— In the premises be tween Mr. Paynter's chemist shop and Mr. Mitchell's the jewellers, there is now a very handsome bar fitted up, opened by Mr. Timothy Dean, where, we are informed by advertisement, the best glass of liquor, malt or spirituous, can be obtained in town. The fact of proclaiming such may seem egotism, but from the previous character borne by Mr. Dean, we are inclined to think that there is some truth in it. The Bar has been very hand somely fitted up, and resembles some of those, one sees in Bourke and Collins streets, Melbourne. At the rear of the hotel is ex hibited the monster saurian of the "Fitzroy," Big Ben's Uncle Sam. This creature was shot by Hall, the well-known fisherman, about a mile from Long Island. " Uncle Sam," after receiving his quietus did not give up the ghost without a struggle, and, when he received the first ball, got so enraged that he ran at Hall open-mouthed, but the latter repelled his embraces by another ball in the spine, which " toppled " Sam over, and he fell into the water ; after doing a plunge to the bottom, he rose, and was then secured by Hall, who has most successfully pre- served him. Sam is well worth a visit, being one of the finest specimens of his race caught in the colony. Pi 1 1 LIT AII.M ONI ft Rnnri.-1'u. 'J'l.o R„unll OIlDSCnp. lion Concert of this .Society for season 1871 nnd 1872 wns to have been bold on Thursday night, but owing to the inclement stato of the weather, was judiciously postponed until Tuesday next, 20th instant. The progrnmmo is a vory olioiee one, and tlio pieces selected will, wo arc sure, suR tlio most fastidious taste. The Bnnd lias made groat progress sinco Mr Alexander resumed tlio cDitduotorship, and wo can promiso those of our musical citizens who patronise the Concert on Tuesday night, a real treat. Cricket, — Tho " Knights of tlic Willow" resi dent in St. Lawrenco have sent , a clmllenge to the Knights of Mack ay lo meet thom on tlio field. Mr, E. Rawson llio best man of the Mnokayitos lias formally replied lo tho challenge which it is expected will ho accepted, if so tho St. Lnwronco team will proccod lo Maokay by the Tinonee. St. Joseph's Cnuncii.— Tho very Rev. Dean Murlny lias, hy his sormons in the Catholic Clutreli obtainod tlio sum of £14 for tho Port Curtis ami Lciclilinrdt Districts Hospital. Tliis handsome col lection well deserves tho tlinnks of tlio Treasurer, boing, as wo boliovo, tho largest nmount collected at any church where sermons have been prcnchcd for a similar purpose. Licensing Day. — Yesterday, the adjourned licen sing meeting wns hold, nt which the application of Timothy Dean for tho Melbourne Hotel was con sidered and granted. Paddy Brown.- This incorrigible drunkard was yesterday, charged before tlio Bench with linving again violated tlio Inws of tho Temperance Society. His npponrnnco in tho Dock excited tho commisera tion of Mr. Bcddok, who kiudly pleaded for tho trans gressor, no doubt on tho grouuds of Paddy not having troubled the Bench for six months past. Mr. McArthur took into consideration the recommenda tion of Mr. Boddck, and discharged Taddy with n caution. Landed Property,,— Oil Thursday Messrs. G. 8. Curtis and C'o. offorod at nuotiou the proporty of Mr. D. S. Laurio, on tho Agricultural Rosorvo. A largo nttondancc of buyers was noticod, and tho biddings although spirited, did not como up to tho intrinsic value of tho proporty, wliioli was knocked down to Mr. E. Maoaroo for £105. St. Patrick's Day.— Tho Hibernian national holi day, in honor of tho Patron Saint, falls on Monday next, and wo havo ovory opinion that it will bo kopt with all honors. Tlio soiroo which was hold last year, and provod such a success, will bo missed this year. Tho only sports of tlio day offering, nro thoso to bo hold on the Separation Hotol Rnoo-eoiu-so, Lyon Crook Road. Horse racing for valuablo prizos will talco plaoo, and numerous nthlotio sports provided. Aftor tlio rnin tho courso wilj ho in splondid trim, and thoso that koop "St. Patrick's Day " at tho " Separation Hotol " will find themselves well treated, mid amply provided for. Hospital. — Stato of Hospital wcok ending 14th March, 1873 Admitted during tho wook, males, 4; discharged during tho wook, malos,5; females, 1; l-oni aiiiing in Hospital, mnlos, 28 ; fomnlos 2. Six patients in Vonorenl Wnrd. Tlio Committco bog to acknowledge with sineoro thanks a lot of Gorman books from Dr. Thou, through tho Vico President, John Iloadrick, Esq. Grammar School. — Stops aro boing taken in town fov tlio purposo of calling a publio mooting with a view to potition tlic Government for tho establish ment of a grammar school in Rookhampton. Such nil institution is most desirable, and wo aro eonviuaod that if an enmostnoss is oxhibitod in tlio cnuso by tho pooplo, that tlio Govornmont, who havo promisod to oxtend grammar soliools all ovor llio colony, will spoodily establish orio in Rockhiunpton. Wo know for a faot that at least 20 scholars aro nvailnblc, whoso parents havo boon induced to sond thom to Sydney, in order io givo them whnt thoy would obtain in tho Roekluimptoii grammar school— a classical education. 3 Laoeii Beer. — Mr. E. Solinoidor of Wostwood has sont us a snmplo of his " Ingor boor " for our opinion. Wo must confess that wo nro nut judges of tlio natural drink of tho "Deutsohos," although a glass of Bavarian is duly npprooiatod by us, but w submitted tho "lager" to an emigrant from tho Vntor- Inud, who, aftor drinking ono glass, nskod for another and yet another, finally "scoffing" tho oontonts of a botllo. Aftor duo appreciation, manifested by tho uuincking of his lips, ho oxclnimod " Moin Gott, dftt isvnargiitl" So wo suppoHo it wns, .and thnt as g soon as Mr. .Schneider's manufacture is known lio may expect a grout domnml for it. So far ns our judgment goos wo consider tho boor admirably adaptod for tho climate, being) light and pnlntnblo, onlj\\.7£- quiring ft littlo ago. S-- 