GHOST DISCOVERED. The mysterious window-smashing which caused so mueh sensation in King street, Ballarat East, on Saturday and Sunday last, was the subject of conversation throughout the whole of yester day-, and we are pleased to be in a posi- tion to state that the perpetrator of the outrage has been discovered. The servant-girl Percifone Jouva, attended the Eastern Court yesterday morning, either out of curiosity or as a witness in the- case of Margaret Clarke, who was fined for breaking a window in the house next door to Penhalluriack's. Before the girl took her departure- -from the court, ehe was in terrogated by Sergeant Larner as to the window- breaking in -her master's house. She gave very shifty answers, and appeared uneasy in her manner and seemed glad to escape the cross-examination to which she was subjected, but stoutly asseverated that she was ignorant of who was to blame. Sus picion, liowever, had fallen upon bcr, and Detec tive Hyland paid a visit to tlie house. In her absence the dress 6he wore on the Saturday was searched, and some water-worn pieces of quartz or small pebbles, similar to those which had caused so much mischief, were found in the pockets of the dress. On her return she was interviewed by Hyland, and after considerable hesitation and much prevarication, she admitted that site ' just broke two of the panes out of a lark !'' i'en- halinriack was present when she made this confes sion, and he urged her to tell the whole truth on tlie promise that she should not be punished ; but she was afraid to tell Hyland more, as she said he would take her away. Shortly afterwards Ser geant Larner arrived, and -on Penhalluriack's pro- mis e that he would not appear against her to prosecute, she made , a clean breast of it to the sergeant, and said that she smashed the whole of the windows, without the aid of an accomplice. She only did it for fun, she said : but a remark, which she had previously passed to one of the children, leads to the belief that she had afar more serious motive. As the police have determined to take some action in the matter, she will probably be brought up at the Eastern Court this morning. We shall not give publicity to the giri's statements whilst the case is sub judice, but it is evident that she is a wilful and dangerous person, from her conduct in previous "situations." She had only been a fortnight in Penhalluriack's employ, but long enough for tbc children to be able to tell of various small acts of deceit that she wished to have hidden from their mother. It appears that she was very uncomfortable whilst Larner was in the liouseon Sunday night, and told Mrs Thomas that she " wished he would take his eyes off her." Directly the house-door closed upon lii m when he left the premises, there was another de monstration. A stone came flying across tlie room in which PcnhaUnriackwas seated with two neighbors. The girl was passing into the adjoining room at the moment, but she stopped to say — There's another of 'em ;" and sure enough there was another, hut nobody could tell from what direction the pebble came. However, from that moment she was closely watched ; and shortly afterwards ghc told FenbaUuriack that he could go to bed, as she was sure no more stones would be thrown that night ! Mrs Penhalluriack was seriously ill during the whole day yesterday, bnt it is hoped now Ihnt the perpetrator of the outrage has been discovered, the invalid will progress favorably towards con valescence. After her confession, the girl was taken to her own home by lier mother. Her father is a Greek, following the occupation of a miner, and is hot at present in Ballarat. During Sunday and yesterday hundreds of people visited the house where the alleged ghost was carrying on such mad pranks, and there was considerable excite ment in the neighborhood. 