THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The annual meetings of the South Australian Baptist Association were commenced at the Lecture Room adjoining the Flinders-street Baptist Church, on Tuesday, September 2. At 11 a.m. a ministers prayer meeting was held, and at half-past 2 o'clock a minister's con- ference was held. On Wednesday, September 3, the meetings were continued. At 10.30. a.m. a prayer meet- ing was held, followed at 11 o'clock by a busi- ness meeting. At the latter meeting the Rev. S. Mead (the Chairman of the Association) vacated the chair in favor of the Rev. J. Price, the Chairman elect, who read an address on "Rest and Effort considered as conditions in the life of Godliness." The Rev. S. MEAD moved— " That we tender to the Chairman our thanks for his Paper, and express our conviction that it be printed in the denominational magazine, Truth and Progress." He expressed the great pleasure he had felt in listening to the very valuable paper read by Mr. Price, and more especially the first portion of it, with which he entirely concurred. The Rev. J. M. Day seconded, speaking in com- plimentary terms of the paper, and the motion was carried, with an addition subsequently sug- gested by the Rev. Mr. Mead, to the effect that 1,000 copies be struck off for gratuitous distribution. The Rev. Mr. Price briefly re- turned his thanks for the complimentary manner in which the address had been spoken of. THE ANNUAL REPORT. The Rev. H. J. Lambert read the tenth annual report. The report stated that the work during the past year had been unobtrusive, and had accomplished but small visible results ; but while many shortcomings and failures were acknowledged, Divine kindness in what had been done was devoutly recognised, and thanks to Him were offered for the successes which had been achieved. After referring to the objects of the Association, and the difficulty felt in authoritatively pronouncing upon a tho- roughly successful progress during the past year, fear was expressed that comparatively few conversions would be found registered, nor was it cheering in the least to know that a similar dearth of spiritual gain characterised the other denominations around. Great vitality had hitherto distinguished their association in this work, but this year few fresh spheres of labor could be pointed to, and on some of their old fields it might be that they had scarcely held their own. Yet, although this year's foliage might be less luxuriant, and the gathered fruit less abundant, it was believed that the roots were deeper down, and their capabilities for usefulness in the future greater than ever. During the year the Churches at Moonta, Teatree Gully, and Inglewood had been assisted by money grants; and during the early part of the year the Mount Gambier Church received much encouragement in the residence and labors of the evangelist, the Rev. D. Badger. Since February Mr. Badger had been located at Saddleworth, where he had considerably strengthened the Church. The Churches and stations upon the preachers' plan had been constantly visited. The method of supplying stations had been changed, and now larger Churches undertook the respon- sibility of supplying the smaller Churches that were near and needed help, and the change had been found advantageous. The services of lay preachers were thankfully and gratefully acknowledged, and an appeal was made to others of their young men who were gifted to speak, that they should seek employment in this work. There were still Churches needing pecuniary help, and Churches needing pastors, eg., Magill, Aldinga, Saddleworth, and Mount Gambier, where in either case a devoted man, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, would be warmly welcomed and earnestly supported with a little assistance. Magill and Aldinga, being within easy distance of Adelaide, had been well cared for; Saddleworth had been attended by Mr. Badger, but Mount Gambier, being so far away, had languished considerably. Regret was expressed at the necessity of transferring Mr. Badger to the North, but it was felt that the new areas had the greater claims, and it was hoped that the Mount Gambier Church would have been in a position to invite and settle a pastor in their midst. Other districts required attention, but it was regretted that the Com- mittee was unable to meet their wants, together with the demands of the new areas. No fresh workers had been brought from England during the year, but instructions had been sent to the Rev. J. L. Parsons and Messrs. Goode and Fowler to send out a brother at once, and they were anticipating the early arrival of Mr. Bot- trill, who completed his studies in Regent's Park College in July last. The services of the Evangelist, the Rev. D. Badger, were spoken of in very high terms. Mr. Badger, in addi- tion to the oversight of the Church at Saddle- worth, had been conducting services on the new areas. In several of these localities a lively in- terest had been awakened, and at Georgetown the brethren were preparing to build a church. The claims of those localities were fully recog- nised, and regret was expressed that the Com- mittee had not the means of attending to them. The Committee were glad to state, that a young man who had long rendered useful service as a preacher, was now earnestly seeking to improve his powers for usefulness. Their two brethren who at the last annual meetings were compara- tive strangers, were now firmly settled—the Rev.M. Lloyd, at Alberton—and this gentleman was able to minister to the Welsh population at Port Adelaide in their native tongue ; and the Rev. H. Morgan at Lyndoch Valley. The Rev. J. Rennev had taken the Teatree Gully and Inglewood Churches, and Mr. J. Birks had been removed from Magill. Thankfulness was expressed that death had not thinned their ranks ; a hope that the Rev. J. L. Parsons would return from England with his health re- cruited; and reference was made to the im- provement of the Church at Gawler and the addition of the gallery to the Flinders-street Church. Allusion was made to the half-yearly meetings held at Gawler, and the Aged Ministers' Relief Fund. Rules for guiding the Committee in dealing with the income from this fund had been drawn up. FINANCIAL REPORTS. Mr. James Smith read the financial reports. From the annual report of the Association it seemed that the balance in hand, &c;, at the commencement of the year amounted to £156 14s. 3d. The contributions from the churches amounted to £18813s. 9d.; donations and sub scriptions, £117 8s.; making the total receipts, £462 14s. The expenditure amounted to £470 3s., making a balance due to the Treasurer of £7 7s. Since the preparation of the report he had received about £6, and liabilities which had since been contracted amounted to about £12. The report of the Aged Ministers' Fund was next read. It stated that the amount de- posited in the National Bank, at 3½ per cent, amounted to £1,000 6s. 9d., and since then had been received £1 10s. In reading the financial report of the Building Fund, Mr. Smith said they commenced with a nest egg of £12, and they had received during the year £4 1s., making the total amount in aid of the £1,000 for a Building Fund, £16 1s. The whole of these reports were adopted. CHURCH PROPERTY OF THE DENOMINATION. The Rev. J. M. Day read a paper on this subject as follows-.—" Suggestions as to better mode of dealing with the Church Property of the Denomination.—Those of our chapel pro- perties which are under the Real Property Act are subject to one very great advantage, viz., that as trusts are not recognised under that Act, the trust deeds (at least so I imagine) are practically almost worthless. The parties in whose name the property stands are in fact the absolute owners. Hence though the trust deeds make provisions that absence from the colony and other reasons shall disqualify, the dis- qualified trustees are, notwithstanding, owners of the property because registered as such. In country districts, too, difficulties arise or may arise of another kind. Frequently half the trustees remove to a distance in a very short space of time, there is a difficulty in getting the requisite number of trustees, the deeds are not always deposited in a very safe place, and if, as is sometimes the case, they are allowed to remain in private hands, great difficulty and unpleasantness may arise. It has often oc- curred to me that it would be possible to effect such an arrangement as would not only do away with these difficulties, but secure many advantages which are not now possessed. It is to such an arrangement that I want to direct your attention. The Incorporation Act, No. 21 of 1858, affords special facilities for Associations, of which I think it would be quite possible for us to avail ourselves in some such way as the following:—The South Australian Baptist Association, or some other body to be con- stituted for the purpose, might be incorporated under the Incorporation Act for the following purposes:—1.To manage the Aged Ministers' Fund under the conditions already laid down in the trust deed. 2. To hold all the chapel property of the denomination. Under this second head the following arrangements might be provided for:—A Building Fund, consisting of subscriptions, bequests, &c.;, received for the purpose, which sums should be lent to Churches requiring loans at an interest slightly under the current rates, the mterest received being, of course, added to the capital of the fund. An Insurance Fund at some future day when the capital is sufficient to warrant the step being taken, by which, on the Churches paying to the Corporation an annnal amount equal to, or slightly in excess of, an ordinary insurance premium, the Corporation would agree to re- place a chapel in case of fire. The power to acquire and hold all the chapel property the trustees of which may agree to convey to them. The Corporation to grant to three or four persons, to be named by each Church, a lease for a short period, with the right of renewal, the lease to contain covenants which should be in fact a copy of the trusts of existing trust deeds so far as ap- plicable. The power further to purchase, &c; sites for chapels, &c;, in such places as they may deem advisable, or to sell the same, and such other power, as may be found to be necessary. The process of incorporating is a very simple one, and can be effected at a trifling cost, and the process of appointing fresh seat- holders when necessary is also exceedingly simple. Some such arrangements as I have suggested would secure many advantages. There would be many direct pecuniary ad- vantages, more especially as the capital of the Society increased. Now the amounts paid for interest, &c;, are a burden to the denomination, then the denomination would get the full ad- vantage of them. The deeds, &c.;, of chapels would be in safe custody, and in a place where they were always accessible for reference. Leases are recognised by the Real Property Act, though trusts are not; and the covenants of the lease could always be enforced. Hence the lease would give a guarantee which the present trust deed does not—that the purpose for which the chapel is built will be observed. An independent body would exist who might sell or acquire land or buildings forchurch purposes. In new districts this might often be an advantage. Other advantages might be secured, but I do not refer to them now, because my object just now is not to deal with the subject in detail but only to say sufficient to justify a motion I shall venture to submit to you. I ought just to anticipate one objection that may be made viz., that such an arrangement is contrary to our Congregational principles. The reply of course is that it does not touch them. With us the Church and the building are entirely distinct, and whatever arrangement we may make as to the buildings, our principles of Church government remain intact." It was resolved that a Committee be ap- pointed to consider the subject, and report at next half-yearly meeting, consisting of Messrs W. K. Thomas, James Smith, J. Neill, J. E. Dempster, and the Rev. J. M. Day. THE DENOMINATIONAL MAGAZINE. The annual report of the Editors of the De- nominational Magazine, Truth and Progress was read. It was regretted that there was not a more extended field of writers, and expressed a hope that laymen would favor the Magazine if not with articles, conveying information in the correspondence column. Few Churches sent regular denominational news and notices of immersion, and the plan adopted at Nor- wood of giving a brother the post of Magazine correspondent was recommended. The maga- zine has been increased in size, and conse- quently the expenses had been rendered greater. The balance-sheet was read, and showed the receipts during the past year to have been £119 6s. 9d., and the expenditure £116 13s. 7d., leaving a balance in hand of £2 13s. 2d. An estimate of the assets and liabilities to the end of the current year was given, and it was esti- mated that there would be a balanoe to the good of £3 9s. 8d. The reports were adopted, and a vote of thanks accorded to the past editors (the Rev. S. Mead and Wm. Neill), and the financial Secretary (Mr. F. Hann). The Revs. Mr. Day and Mr. Fairy were, by motion, asked to act as Editors during the ensuing year. REPRESENTATIVES TO THE CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND PREBYTERIAN ASSEMBLY. The Revs. H. J.-Lambert and M. Lloyd were appointed a deputation to wait upon the Con- gregational Union and Presbyterian Assembly at their annual meetings. HALF-YEARLY MEETINGS. It was decided that the next half-yearly meetings of the Association be held at Kapunda on Good Friday next. CHRISTIAN ZEAL. The Rev. M. Lloyd read a carefully-prepared paper upon the subject. He pointed out that they wanted a revival of zeal more than ever now, especially seeing that the agents of Satan were so numerous, and they should put forth the most strenuous endeavors to counteract the evil agencies of the world. He referred to the different forms of evil, and counselled them to be true and stedfast to their profession, and so show forth the truth of Christ—the truth that would send its reviving influence throughout the world. They should be earnest for the con- version of sinners, and not be disappointed at want of success ; and should also get over any little dislike they might have at first to speak to sinners, for it was Christ's command, and great would be their reward if their zeal was great. God would bless their humblest efforts in this direction, and they would be rewarded, not only by the internal feeling of satisfaction at having done a good action, but by the Divine approbation. They should strive earnestly for the glory of God, re-membering that it was not on those who were not of them to do this, but upon them, and they should set their face against every form of sin, and, as far as possible, promote the purity of Christ's Church. A vote of thanks was accorded to the Rev. Mr. Lloyd for his paper, and it was understood that it should be published in the denomina- tional magazine. COMMITTEE OF ADVICE. The Rev.S. Mead moved—" 1.That a Com- mittee, to be called ' The Committee of Advice' —consisting of three ministers and four lay- men, all being members of this Association—be elected by ballot annually, and be eligible for re-election. 2. That the function of this shall be to give advice, to make awards, as the case may be, in all cases of dispute, which may arise from time to time in Churches, whether be- tween pastor and people, among members themselves, or between Churches. 3. That the Churches be cordially invited to avail them- selves of the services and experience of this Committee as often as occasion may arise, and be earnestly urged not only to seek advice, but to regard the Committee as a Board of Arbitration, and, if possible, to agree beforehand to abide by its decision.' He pointed out that disputes sometimes arose in Churches, and the parties being divided and having positive convictions of the right of their respective rights and the feeling accompanying this, they were not fitted to judge so well as an unprejudiced and thoroughly impartial tribunal. This proposition did not trench on the true in- dependency of a Christian Church, and the appeal to a third party was to some extent sanctioned in Christ's Church. The desire of the resolutions was to provide for true peace in their Churches. The details of the proposition could be altered. Mr. James Smith seconded, saying he thought the election should not be by ballot, but by the annual meeting. Mr. Mead consented to the amendment of the resolution to meet this. The Rev. D. Badger moved that such a Committee was unneccesary. The reso- lution struck at the root of the indepen- dency of their Churches, and they had no power to enforce any decision. He advocated that the parties in dispute should try the New Testament plan first, and if that did not answer, the two parties who were divided should elect a Committee in which they would have mutual confidence. The Chairman said the amendment could not be entertained, as it was simply a negative. Mr. Niebour supported the proposition, pointing out that each Church was not bound to seek the advice of the Board of Arbitration. He could speak confidently in this matter, and, from his know- ledge as a member of the Church at Magill, he could affirm that such a Board was necessary. Mr. Barker supported the proposition, affirm- ing that it did not override the freedom of the Church, or of any individual who might get into a dispute, as they were invited by the resolutions to have recourse to the Board of Advice. They could adopt the plan of endeavoring to settle the matter among themselves, and if that did not answer, appeal to the Committee. The Rev. Mr. Lambest supported. Mr. A S. Neill also supported, suggesting that four should make a quorum. Mr.W. K. Thomas, in supporting, thought a member or members of the Board of Advice interested in the Church matter under discussion should withdraw from consideration of the subject. The Rev. Mr. Mead, in reply, thought the question mooted by Mr. Thomas was met by the suggestion of Mr. Neill. As to Mr. Badger's remark, that they had no power, that would apply to their Association itself. They were not a legislative body, but a voluntary Society, and had no power to enforce any resolution against any particular Church that they might arrive at. The motion was carried in the following amended form:—"1. That a Committee, to be called 'The Committee of Advice'—consisting of three ministers and four laymen, all being members of this Association-be elected an- nually at the annual meetings, and be eligible for re-election, and that four be a quorum. 2.That the function of this shall be to give advice, to make awards, as the case may be, in all cases of dispute, which may arise from time to time in Churches, whether between pastor and people, among members themselves or between Churches. 3. That Churches as Churches be cordially invited to avail them- selves of the services and experience of this Committee as often as occasion may arise, and be earnestly urged not only to seek advice, but to regard the Committee as a Board of Arbitra- tion, and, if possible, to agree befoehand to abide by its decision." COMMUNION SERVICE. There was a good attendance at this service, although the weather was very anfavourable. The centre pews of the church were completely filled. The Rev. H. J. Lambert presided, and the Revs. J. Price, M. Lloyd, and D. Badger engaged in prayer. Mr. Lambert gave a brief address, referring chiefly to the ordinance as calling to mind our union with Christ. The Rev. S. Mead also gave an address, which he dwelt open the importance of regarding the Lord's Supper as a feast of joy, as a festival of purest joy. He remarked that if there was one place beyond others where our joy should abound it was at the Lord's table. He stated that the history of this ordinance, as it had been observed during the eighteen centuries since its institution, showed that it had been sadly perverted. At the present time many entertained beliefs regarding it very opposed to the simplicity of the rite as esta- blished by Jesus. Especially was it deemed necessary —to dwell upon the sorrowful aspect of Christ's death and sorrow was almost regarded as essential to the mind of the communicant; but the sorrow of Christ was the prelude to His joyful resurrection, and we should dwell upon the fact of what the Saviour is to the believer now. A collection was made at the close, amounting to £5 15s. The collection would have been larger if full notice had been pre- viously given. 