NORMANBY GENERAI ADVERTISER. Published every Mon hy- and-T huriday. To Protect outer Roqh e-No to s Ini 'uPge upola .tthose of Othes e TnURsDAY, APRIL 8, 187&. " THE WORSE TIl.BEr'TER." 'Suca ie thi `hadtige offni s eay ?written by one of tbh witiest(iand 'quaintest writers of the "pyespt tjo. The object of the writer, is to show that the worse certain abuses ,beome;, the "sooner will they. b "omedied. Were " they to. run on in i-F kindof. average, or ordinary' style, jdust suffi cient to. irritate,. but not. suficient to arouse. formidable oppoesition, they might quietly eat their way into the virtue and vitals of a conimunity sand last fdr an thdofinitd-i `Iid l is. well. therefore that tthey ;,`should. rapidly-wax worse and worse,' and-be= come so intolerable that . people will submit no longer. We cannot help applying this principle to. ihe policy and. tactics of those who. are at present conducting the. government of the colony. .The. oountry has treatedthem with great forbearance: They have been making . the shoe pinch, cruelly, and still people have'grumbled-..very little.. They have done,= and are: still doing,. their best to tty the,temiper of the country towns and, districts by ig. noring or despising their just o!aims; and by treating the promises of former administrations as of no aooount what ever. Inn no question are'thiy eperiment big more on the patience of the com. munity than in the working of the Education Act. It is insdeed -highly: creditable to the colonists that they: have almost to a man? agreed to :give that Act a. fair• trial.:. They have meauwhile accepted it in its integrity, and have nowhere given it any fac tious opjpoition. It came to them un invited and unsought; and well might they address it in the words of Hamlet to the Ghost: "Be thy intents wicked oerhariitab's, Thou comest in such a questionable shape." ' They knowR it to eo a paty sclhemo, uncalled for by, any exigency,: and they' were not consulted in its framing; 'nay, any suggestions they presumed to 'offer were treated with a cotempt which the most absolute .European despotism might hIve envied; nevertheless when the Act bocame law they considered it their duty to respect it." But they expected; and had .a .right to- expect, that the Act would -be :ivorke'd-. i- its integrity, and that good faith wouold be kept with a confiding public; As far as we .can learn some: of the lchases of the Act are likely to" prove a :.delusion and, a-snanre. .,The. clausee whsich empowers the Trustees of denominational antd non-vested "schools to sell or lease the school property to the Minister of Public Instruction was responded to, on the passing of the Act, by: more than four fifihs' of the 'scholols of the Colony, -All these in timated their willingness .o sell or lease. In the case - of those Trustees:- however who have already taken action in this matter, the Government hns evaded its promises.. It is willing-enagrly willing -to accept the schools.as a gift,"but refuses to pay: a peniiy for "thbiT. In the case of one of the inost important 'sch'ools in Victoria, the trustees of lich. offered to. lease the property,ihe Govern. ruebht woduld give only i ilh miisl or pepper-corn rent:" It isi ai the Trustees, rathei than accept ?such: an insulting offer, have closed the door of thie buildinlg. ,In ainother caso where the Trustees offered to sell at a faiir val~u tiont, thc~ received a reply that sif tliey did not give up the. school and school house. for nothing ihe. Governmtent would buildothers alosigid; of thiem. o'o"doubt many ofthlise ? chool build, tings aint not of much -vaiue they are chiofly; builtof wood andi msany itsteicesi1r0 too small.?l home shrewd public men warned thlie deominalltiois sthat if.they;expected: aR: high:price.'fsor their schools, they wol!db disappointed, It is not ~siirtrising; moreover, that the denominations should be desriri's.' to sell, because their schools have genernlly long ceased to be donomiiational. Wo know of a Presbytdrian 'CIhur~h~i hich has three schOols belonging :t st,'att; d only one ftheh eachers. isi a Presby. teriun, a circumstatc which provese how untruthful was thie pretext put fith :for i now Act;-- namelj,?; theb oectirns chsaractpr.off the. old Act Deniotinaills. indireit advantage aiof having their teachers connected with their churches, wish to get them off their hands. That is no'reason, hidwever, for their giving away. their property for nothing. If unremunerative as schools.s they might bring ii retuirain some other way. Some of the teachers' houses could be let to anybody for ten shillings a week. It is to be hoped therefore that the owners of thoe non-vested schools will stand firm, anud refiste to part with their: iroperty except for value receivedi= 'the threatr of building new .schools is only an attempt on ihe1part ofthi i E'ecutive t bounce trustees into giving up the old. Iet the Government try s~o to build. It will finid that an expensive game, a game which will involve Einouhtlay more than double that of buying up the old slchiol buildings. It may rest assured; that though tha Oolonists. are long-suffering, they are not sinpletons There is i proverb about the last straw , ??tiid probably the soonio tie last stra isw sii :on: the better 