r llie Dead Restored to Life. A REStA.B.KA.iST.i'B case of wrong burial was recently reported in Waterford. For some weeks past a Mrs. Keane, wife of a man named John Keane, residing in Alexanderstreet, in that city, had been in the Union Hosnita 1 , and on Jan. 26 a messenger from the Union brought him intelligence of her death. fTe immediately repaired to the work-house, and having satisfied himself of the accuracy of the report, he proceeded to the agent of the St. Patrick Burial Society in the city, a member of which he was, and having produced the necessary certificate of death, he received £8 10s., the amount due to him under the rules of the society. Henext proceeded to the undertaker's, purchased a coffin, and sending it up to the workhouse, had the remains placed in it and conveyed to his own residence. The usual wake was held, when all the relatives ofthe deceased with the neighbors assembled, and the general impression of all who saw the corpse was that deceased had greatly changed sine a last thev saw her. The remains were f dlowed by a host of sorrowing friends to the graveyard, and were solemnly interred, Keane's grief being so great that he could not be comforted. The grave, however, was closed over the remains, and all returned home sorrowing. Keane proceeded to work the next day. and at night returned to his desolate homo. While sitting taking his lonely supper that evening the latch of the door was lifted and in walked Mrs. John Keane, and. delighted at again being restored to her home, she rushed at him, and throwing her arms around his neck, in the wildest ecstacv b«"an kissing him. Keane was at first, horrified, and, like Hamlet addressing the ghost, besought, her to sav if she was really mortal. Mrs. TC>ane could not understand noor Keane's conduct at first. When Keane^a bewilderment began to cease he narrated all the story of the funeral, and Mrs. Keane screamed with laughter at the wake and funeral. Keane immediately proceeded to the Union, and there ascertained that, a Mrs. Keane had really died in the house, but that she was the wife of a John Keane residing in Peterstreet. On hearing of the matter the agentof the St. Patrick Society was furious, be cause the second John Keane was not a member of the society. The whole affair has created the greatest amusement in the city. A writer intheMelbourneZearfer states:— ** The biter is sometimes bit with a vengeance. The latest victim ,of his own sharpness is the host of an hotel not a hundred miles from Melbourne. There arrived at his house a young man from New Zealand whose father was known as the squire in the English vil lage in which the landlord saw the light of day. The stranger from New Zealand produced a paper in which the death of his father was announced, and in which it was stated that the son was entitled to £10,000. The heir confessed that he had no money, and proposed that the landlord should lend him £200, promising to make a will in his favor in case he should die on the passage home. The bargain was concluded, the money paid, and the will drawn ; but instead of repairing on shipboard the voung man began a career of dissipation in Melbourne, the landlord being in no wise anxious to put a stop to his vicious courses. At last an attack of delirium tremens ensued. A doctor was called in,!ind then as the case grew serious, another was sent for. Chloroform was administered, but this and two medical men were too much for any mortal frame to stand, and so the patient died. The landlord gave each of the doctors a stiff' cheque, paid the funeral expenses without a murmur, and even erected a handsome headstone over the grave of his friend. He then wrote to England, and enclosed the will in order to touch the fruit of his generosity. He had thrown his bread upon the waters truly in vain. News came back that the old squire was alive and in good health, and it was then ascertained that the youngster had himself caused the advertisement which was to establish his identity as an heir to be inserted in the paper. The landlord has now a supreme contempt for the veracity of the Press, and looks upon heirs as pure mythical Creations of adventurous or impecunious brains." A correspondent says:—" As corn is outchief crop, and the harvesting of it a great job, I propose that each of us send in what we know about husking, and by this means we can be mutually helpful. Even one item of information may help us to increase our day's work by two or three bushels; for one hand it does not amount to much, but for even one country, in the aggregate, it would amount to a large sum. Here is a way: Fit your boxcart to hold 30 bushels, then put at least a foot and a half hang-board on the opposite side • tie the horse next to you to the other one's hame, to keep him from eating; theft take two rows, catch the ears with the thumb towards the point, strip both sides nearly at once, and give it a wrench with your right hand at the same time. In good corn a good hand will in this way crib 60 bushels iu a day. ' 