QUEEN'S BIFUTHDAY RACES. Stewards—Messrs W. Field, John Symmons, W. Taylor, G. Boon, B. Wrixon, T. Tuck, and J. Stanfield. Judge—Mr William Field. Starter —Mr John Symmons. Treasurer—MrG. E. Boon. Clerk of the Course—Mr W. Harris. Secretary— Sir T. J. Evans. These races of course formed the premier attraction on the Queen's Birthday holiday in Launceston, and passed off moderately successfully, indeed far more so than had been expected considering the difficulties which the promoters had had to contend with. When the Tasmanian Turf Club, the recognised body in Northern Tasmania for providing prizes for horse racing, and of which most of our leading turfites are members, declined to accept the responsibility of inaugurating an autumn meeting, it was plucky, to say the least of it, for the few gentlemen who were associated with Monday's meeting to step into the gap and to carry out the undertaking with such dogged perseverance. There was a fair attendance, probably some 500 persons being on the course, but we regret o state that this number was principally comosed of the "lords of creation," few ladies utting in an appearance, and as a consequence the pretty Grand Stand was almost entirely deserted. On the course, the usual arrangements of the booths and other details were carried out most satisfactorily, and not a single contretemps was known to occur throughout the day. Refreshments were bountifully supplied at the Grand Stand bar by Mr TaLmage, of the Criterion, and by Mr Cleary, of the International, at No. 1 booth. At this booth luncheon was provided, and Mr Cleary, with his usual liberality in catering, laid a recherche repast in a manner not frequently to be met with on a race course. Mr Taimage provided a spread for the stewards, and had a separate table laid for llie public. The saddling paddock bar was held by Mr W. Atkinson, of the Elephant and Castle. There were also the usual number of roulette tables, lawn billiard boards, and other amusements incidental to such occasions. Of the running there is not a great deal to be said. The fields were small and the horses which came to the post were of no particular notability, with the exception perhaps of one or two. The first race, the Trial Stakes, which was not run off till nearly 1 o'clock, was merely a match between Cotherstone and Rosebud, and was won easily by the latter, Cotherstone hurting himself by slipping when going down the side of the hill. This was the first appearance of Rosebud on the Launceston course, and she was much fancied, being a nice compactly built little mare, and as she is only four years old she has plenty of time to make her mark. The Birthday Handicap brought out five starters, and ended in another victory for the veteran Old Stranger. It was remarkable to see a horse 25 years old, and who at last Lougford Races could not find a purchaser at £3, strip and bowl off a field as this old hero did on Monday. However, it was the weight that told, Phantom with lOst 41b up, and a. heavy course to travel, was overmatched, and had to succumb, though if he had had an experienced jockey he would have beaten Rosebud. For the Maiden Hurdle Race three started and there was every probability of an exciting finish between Mystery and Merry Maid, had not the latter been mounted by a jockey who was unable to keep his seat over a jump, but Rocket was not half good enough for the company he was in. In the Ladies' Purse Handicap a splendid contest took place between Phantom and Sylph—the two racing side by side from the starting-post about two miles, when the gelding finally disposed of Sylph by a length. The Consolation Stakes is almost unworthy of notice. It was a match between Sylph and Rocket, but as the former had been so thoroughly pumped out in lier tussle with Phantom she could not at all get on terms with Rocket. As Mr W. Field was unable to come to town, Mr Stanfield acted as judge, and Mr Thomas Hardman officiated as clerk of the course in the place of Mr W. Harris, who was indisposed. The active secretary, Mr T. J. Evans, and the stewards were assiduous in their endeavors to make things pass off pleasantly, and as a proof of the success of their efforts it may be noticed that not a single contention or disagreement between the stewards and the owners of competing horses occurred throughout the day. THE TEIAX STAKES (once round and a distance) of 16 so vs., with acceptances added. For all horses that have never won a stake exceeding 20 sovs. Weights—3 yrs, 8st; 4 yrs, 8st 121b ; 5 yrs, 9st 91b ; 6 yrs and aged, lOst. Nomination, 1 sov.; acceptance, 2 sovs. Mr H. Viney's ch m Rosebud, 4 yrs, 8st 91b, Cervus—Flying Cliilders ... (J. Viney) 1 Mr Adye Douglas's br h Cotherstone, aged, lOst (T. Baker) 2 At the fall of the flag Cotherstone took the lead, and on passing the stand had the advantage of half a length. At the first turn he increased it to two lengths, but when going down the side of the course Rosebud went up, challenged, and passed her rival, and from this gradually drew ahead, and won by a dozen lengths hard held. THE BIRTHDAY HANDICAP ("twice round), of 26 sovs., with acceptances added. Maximum weight, lOst 41bs. Nomination, 1 sov. ; acceptance, 2 sovs. Mr A. G. Parr's b g Old Stranger, aged, 6st 7st, unknown (T. Hill) 1 Mr H. Yiney's ch m Rosebud, 4 yrs, Sst 101b (J. Viney) 2 Mr J. C. Greig's b g Phantom, aged, lOst 41bs (D. Greig) 3 Mr J. Stanfield's b h Sepoy, 5 yrs, 8st 71b (Baker) 0 Mr Mann's blk p Little Dick, 5 yrs, 6st (Motton) 0 A good start was effected, Phantom going to the fore, the others well up. A capital race ensued to the first turn—the ghost still retaining the lead. Going into the dip Rosebud took up the running, but at the stables was passed by Old Stranger. Coming past the wattle clump Indian file was formed, Old Stranger being first, Rosebud second, Phantom third, Little Dick fourth, and Sepoy fifth. This order was maintained till reaching the stand. Sepoy here pulled up, and Little Dick tailed off, and was seen no more in the race. Going down the side of the course into the dip, Rosebud made an effort to collar the Stranger, but could not do the trick, the old veteran increasing his lead and finally won by lialf-a-dozen lengths, Rosebud second, Phantom close up. MAIDEN HURDLE RACE (twice round and a distance) of 20 sovs., with acceptances added. For all horses that have never won a steeplechase or hurdle race. Weight, lOst. Nomination, 1 sov. ; acceptance, 2 sovs. Mr A. G. Parr's b m Mystery, by Peter Wilkins (T. Baker) 1 Mr C. Yiney's b m Merry Maid (M'Pherson) 2 Mr H. R. Falkiner's b g Rocket (R. Baker) 0 Mystery and Merry Maid went off at a clipping pace from the start, Rocket hanging on the post. The first and second jumps were taken in fine style by Merry Maid and Mystery, but Rocket could not be got over, and she was pulled up. Merry Maid and Mystery raced well together till the fifth hurdle, where Merry Maid's jockey fell off, and before he could remount Mystery had obtained a quarter of a mile lead, and never was again caught. LADIES' PURSE HANDICAP (twice round) of 24 sovs., with acceptances added. Maximum weight, 12st. Gentlemen riders. Nomination, 1 sov.; acceptance, 2 sovs. Mr J. C. Greig's b g Phantom, aged. 12at, Phantom—damby Wanderer (MrD. Greig) 1 Mr A. G. Parr's b m Sylph, 4 yrs, lOst 91b (Mr A. G. Parr) 2 Mr J. Stanfield' s b h Sepoy, 4 yrs, lOst (Mr J. Viney) 3 This was the best race of the day, and may be shortly described. Sepoy never liad a show, and Phantom and Sylph raced side by side from the start till within about a quarter of a mile from home, when Phantom gradually drew ahead, shaking the mare off by about a length at the finish. CONSOLATION STAKES (once round and a distance) of 9 sovs. Weights—3 yrs, 8st; 4 yrs, 8st 121b ; 5 yrs, 9st 91b; 6 yrs and aged, lOst. Nomination, 1 sov.; acceptance, 1 sov. Mr B. R. Falkiner's b g Rocket, aged (R. Baker) 1 Mr A. G. Parr's b m Sylph, 4 yrs (T. Baker) 2 Rocket led off a cracker from start, and was o never headed, winning as he liked byadozT 11 lengths. A Hack Race and a Hurry Skuii-* both won by a grey weed belong' to Mr P. Counsel, closed the programme the course was speedily deserted. ' The Settling Took place at the International Hotel in (] evening, when the following Bums were over :— . 1 a Mr H. Viney—Trial Stakes Mr A. G. Parr—Birthday Handicap ... £2(5 „ —MaidenHurdleRace... 20 Mr J. C. Grieg—Ladies' Purse Handicap... ij Mr H. R. Falkiner—Consolation Stakes Mr P. Counsel—Hack Race "' t o ££100 SPORTING.—We are informed that Wili; an, Field, Esq., has already nominated the gallant veteran Strop for the next Melbourne Cup the entries for which close at 4 p.m. next Monday. 