MARRIAGE OF THE EMPEROR OF CHINA. [From the Daily News Correspondent.] Peking, October 13. The manner in which the bride -was selected for the Emperor of' China, is worthy of being told. In some points it reminds one of the competitive [?]- nation ayafce^Wln<&,<>fo?a(ae,i?Cl£st&Be; in principle, but'it w?«,; perhaps,' mbr^ lik«4heplan^of «rolviagtbe-b«at«fcotat Wimbledon. AGlrineae Emperor is not like ?- European Monarch. Ho acfcnoni ledgesvno #ther king, or rank of his own Und, Jmooo Uubq ji no prince's daoghh*, wijajnHiWiMkied. for Jua wife. There are princes in.Ut^na^ but they ate of the Im-' perUlFaiaiiJvtea^knnotmterniaiTy. He j ko^t^ake U^wife from ,4fae people, «nii nen. It ao teppeai that there are twp gBffWMM,.feB ooe is «aHed the Eastern EmpWWJwdtheoaM.rthe Waptern. a?e Sboapress of the late Emperoc.ia not. itho IMMrST *f;tt*Lpn?nt one; Ac had no «>OO l?l«A*i?«if oneof Jthe ottrtr ■mW^awPi^to ia .totiifi Im perial ranhsijfti fa «Had the Western, FaMinaii Wlim thn eetectionof a bride -UAtotnttade ibsse two fediea iaraed orflerWWartn>chii*;whbh*ddaagnterflOf thfi4eairBdageJb«OTd fliem to the?al?ce. Xh^BW^li natnnljy sappo?e that snch an order would have been obeyed with the greatest alacrity, and that fluttering hearts would have crowded to the Palace in hopes of gaining such a prize, and that such arts as were practised for Cinderella's ■Upper would be largely employed to produce whatever may be considered the ideal type of beauty in Peking; that dress, ornaments, cosmetics, and whatever - could odd a charm tothe young beauties would be freely used. Strange to Bay, it is the very opposite of all this that takes place. It would seem that familiesUonot like their 'daughters to Wefam'e the wife I of an Emperor, not even to be his Empress. A_gM'iainssftse lost to the family, for she is kept so secluded in the Palace that the relatives seldom or never see her; and it brings the parents and family into a position and prominence which is dangerous in c, country like this. So they- try every plan to avoid Bending their children. Parents aDejge ttiit they are cripple, or deaf, or blind, and in some cases lameness is imitated, and deformi ties are artificially produced. To such an extent had it been carried; that orders, it is said, were issued that blind, lame, land deaf were all to be sent to the Palace. Somewhere about six or seven hundred girls appeared1 on tEe day "fixed, jind ffiey were brought before the Eastern and the Western Empresses in batches of 10. The two ladies minutely inspected the girls, spoke to them, and put questions as to their education and such matters as they deemed important. It would be a curious thing to know upon what prin ciple they acted in such a case—"whether beauty, good sense,.or behavior and edu cation, or what, were considered the most important points. About 60 or 60 young, ladies were selected as a result of this first inspection, "Their names were taken, and the character and position of their families were enquired into ; their horo scopes also would be carefully calculated! After this had' been done another fnspec-' tion was gone through, and 30 were separated from the batch; these were then kept in the Palace, so that their merits and demerits could, be more accu rately- ascertained. After a short trial the number was reduced to 20, then to ten, and at last it became a tie of two; and tiiii? an. Empress was selected. At the same- time, four other wives were chosen, and these will form the com mencement of tfie Imperial harem. A large palace was bufltTorlhe elected bride in the northern part of the Tartar city, and here she has resided under the care of ■ a number of ladies, of the Palace, whose duties are to instruct her in alt the necessary Court etiquette, and she will be taken from this Palace to the great Imperial Palace on her wedding day. Being a Manchu she has not got the small feet of the Chinese ladies. It is really supposed that the choice of the bride is the result of her merits, and not an affair of Court or family intrigue;, and, as an evidence of this, it uVSUmI that the bride's family was partlyJn dis grace from her grandfather having been sentenced be beheaded about lOjwanf ago. ~He was supposed to have .altered this pnniahment, but he has now turned tip, and figures in some of the marriage ceremonies. * There is a very curious bit of romance told about the Emperor while this com petitive examination .was going on&Jjr; his >ride. He had a dream at the tune,* and he told it to his mother. It was that -ne had fallen in love with a young lady, and that she was humpbacked. As lame and deformed were1 «il ottered 'to the Palace, aJmt tn'J>nhkftd girl was really among the number, and the Empress took the dream as an omen that this was the one who ought to be Mb wife. She was one of the first 60or«6.selectel/*nd medical men were consulted as to the possibility of curing the deformity. After some vain offorts, it is siid that a farrier, a very strong man, tried by force alone-to push in the hump, and that it ended in the death of die poor girL * \ The.l?mptror- is'said to be 17 years I old; but that means that he is only IR, Every Chinaman nn the fight to WW «n ertfck year to Ills age, and the Emperor has. &c; .right of adding two years. As yet he. is. supposed not to have, seen his future consort, and will not see her till she arrives *t the Palace on die day of the marriage. For a lover IMb would be a very hard condition of *t'"g" ;~Bat inv-^ perial love'seems' to be a very different matter from the ordinary article in com mon life. One oould suppose an youth placed as the Imperial bnd&grooni; is1 situated, and fcyinjf "to* 'imaging Ws future wife, that tofau£ht>&rm;,aa : ul?al of-her, and -something like the feeling of love might exist. This does not Beejn to be the case; at least it is hard to support it can be .from what. is reported to t>e going on! About a year ago four or'"; Professors of Matri mony"—such is tn6 rendering of their title as it has been' given to me—were appointed to the Emperor ; these being four very beautiful young ladies. After the marriage one of these will be admitted to the harem. No idea can be formed i from-this of tha private .character or feel ings of the Emperor. Everything he does, andtheflonduatof every one about him, is rigidly defined in a book of cere monies. Wery event tathe Emperor's tife, from his birth to his death, is regulated by this book, wnichi? slid to extend to about 200 volumes. In such an ample code there, will be, no doubt, many volumes devoted to such an important event as the addition of an Empress to the Imperial dignity, but It is hard to understand hpw the " Art of. Love" can- Jtetsngfat Bjnsn Imperial code, howevetr voluminous, or by four " Professors of Matritabny." She dream of the hnmp liacked girl may indicate the existence of'ladings which may exist, or thrive, in spits jot this overpowering code of rules. It is hard, to imagine what the real cha racter of an Emperor of China really is. He is so «hut out from all the world that, he is called, among many titles, the " So- Utov Prince," and he may truly be said jfiVe "as lonely as a god." State officials only approach him in a prostrate attitude, and most go through their ceremonies or duties according to the dictates of this book of 200 volumes. Not a remark, not even a. word or smile, to express or com- I tnunieate a thought or feeling can take -plseeya&d; he has been so from his cradle. One wonders if a soul so isolated as his is from aUothersonl?can possiblyhave grown and been developed. Can a heart so caretifllj^kept away from contact with all other hearts possibly feel like1 the test of mankind ? What he is no one can really find out. A writer waiting to describe such a character cannot get the slightest information. An artist desiring a por trait can only do so by evolving it out of his inner consciousness. Photographers have come to Peking and tried every means, but found all to be kopeless. One .photographer offered to leave the camera all arranged, so that his presence would not be required ; but the Son of the Sun weald not even allow the sun this exclu sive right1 of portraiture. It is highly probable that there is nothing in the 200 volumes as to how an Emperor ought to Bit when being photographed, and had he tried to do so, the chances are that lie would have looked in tiro orthree direc tions during the sitting, and the result would not have been a flattering likeness. What an Emperor <>f China would think, or now the satellites about him might act, on seeing 4: lot of smudges as the likeness of him who sits on the Dragon Throtoe'it is impossible to say; mj opinion is, that it.is a lacky thing for the photo grapher ius request was refused. This seclusion of the Emperor has also to be carried out in relation to the Bmpress, and it results that all the ceremonies of the marriage are bid from tbs vulgar eye. The bride wilLno doubt be mere strictly bid than even hatMu?naA, for officials •who have to see* loin on State Business will be excluded from any chance of seeing her. Tjie extreme of Oriental seclusion is the rule in the Imperial harem of Peking. The Empress can be seen by no male relation, and only by her mother and sisters at rare intervals. With such conditions to begin with, a marriage be comes a very peculiar system of cere monies. The Unseen is what has to be dealt with, and from it, as a first element, pageants and rites have to be constructed. So far as it is a show, Hamletaias to be entirely left ont of the pieAi and it is very curious to see how it UK Sbeen all managed. |i I \- ' Poking, OGtober 17. In the dusty ateets of PekiSfc a line of route was selected from thal?ride's Foo to &b; Imperial Palace. For*ihe centre of the way the path was made even, and sprinkled with new sand to make it yellow —the Imperial color. For about a week 'before the marriage there was* proces sion every morning along £he 'whole of afchiSj; *oute of - what: " the "Foreigners " fiffl-p jfkU die bride's trousseau; but, on pairing farther, it is explained that it was the articles sent jib -presents from all pazte of China; and as these articles are all taken to the quarters in the Palace where the. Bmpress Will for the future reside,' the Scotch word "plenishing," which a lady here has applied to them, describes most nearly their real character, livery morning, shortly after daybreak, there ha? been an extended line of these presents carried along in charge of man darins, bannermen, police, Imperial por ters —I don't know the Chinese word for them—in red' dresses with white spots. These marriage gifts present a great variety of' objects. Some were large cabinets, others small jade dishesj chairs, goblets, vases, wasbhand-basin stands, -gold and .'silver articles pi all kinds. The smaller things were' carried on yellow tables, where the articles had. to be secured, ffhey were bound by stripes of yellow and red silk, forming a combination of the Imperial and nuptial tints. To see these articles of Imperial: hoasfi-furniabing, the people of Peking came out in crowds every "morning, and lined both sides of the route all the way.' One morning the articles to be carried, ■were more precious *hau the otheia, •* the processitm started before daybreak, and- the sightseers who cams' "were rather disappointed? It was. «xpjained that this,' was to. prevent any accident from the roughs -of Peking tp airing a dash and! trying 'their hand at a game of grab.i There was another attraction for the public; that was the drilling of the men; to carry the chair of the Empress—this 'waa <&elnidaltahaizi;—almost important partjof ? Chinese wedding. The Imperial porters were drilled so" as to be able to carry it steadily, and to "relieve eacfi" other quickly, and it was rumored that, as a test of the men, -a vane filled with water was placed in the chair'to see .if they could carry it without spilling. Crowds came to see Jthe chair, when it way announced to come out; but on these times it never appeared, and alwaysseemed to take advantage of the.public* by going through its drill when not exploited. This cafceful 'drilling for gtjafad proces r sion would: indicate <£atiatj lekst in ex ternals theire would be-aomeoung worth looking at. If .an" Emperor oi Empress could not be seen, at any ratejiihe gutter of their greatness would be visible to the mass; but one could notice that all the streets or openings which led into the line of march were, having bamboo frames erected, and at last out- tains jof blue cloth and mattings were placed on them to block up the view., On enquiry, it was stated that th?>plan,?f i those $&? govern in these matten-7 Bites and «Ceflem to guide their pH)ce*ding«-^i«d no inten tion to let the public see any of the pro cession. In:?Hsi£eSr: was seTfttTround io the Foreign 1 Legations, asking each Minister to-prohibit his coun trymen from going out on the line. Of march on the 15Ui or. 16th of October— p. request which was laughed at in more ways than.one. Such being; $ie 'plan of the ceremony, one naturally asks for what purpose is if no one is to see it? A few did'see it —that I know, but officially no one was supposed to view the line of route. A few dogs got on to-the ''yellow way," and no one seemed to disturb them, so they, with the police, alone had the privi lege of seeing this imperial pageant. ] The 16th October was the day appointed for the ceremony, and it was very diffi cult, out of many plans for getting a peep, to know what to do. The request sent to the Legations seemed to add to the uncertainty. There were two or three., plans proposed to me of breaking this blockade, and at last I accepted an invitation to go with a lady connected with one of the missions here, and who had friends among the Chinese, and found that a shop on the principal part of the route was at her disposal. Before re counting, the evening part of .the story, I must tell what took place during the day. Two tablets of gold were sent to the bride. These were her credentials, and in an ordinary marriage they are written ■with colors on pieces of red paper, and icontaia the names and other particulars about the happy couple. 'In this ease the tablet became a, document raising the bride to the high dignity of Empress of China. About 4 o'clock a procession with the bride's chair left the Palace. "It was" headed by a Mongul Prince, and Mbngul chiefs in extra grand costume. The fifth Imperial Prince, known as Tun, and a celestial excellency of the name- of Ling, were in full com mand of the ceremonies. The Mongul Prince carried what might be called the Chinese Pallium, or Symbol of the Em peror's Supreme Power, in his hand; this is understood to be about as sacred as the Emperor himself, and gives the .highest dignity to the ceremony. Thirty 'white horses in gold and yellow trappings were near the beginning. The procession consisted principally of banners and veryf tall triple umbrellas of •Various colors, with dragons and phaanixea embroidered on them. - There were round, square, and heart-shaped fans-on very high poles. " Golden, melons" on. the end of red poles formed another of the symbols carried. At last came the Imperial canopy or umbrella, which, like the Chatta -of Buddha, is a triple one. This was fol lowed by the bride's chair. This was all of yellow silk, with a golden crown-like top to it; ornamented with the dragon and the phoenix. There were no barbaric pearl and gold about it; on the contrary, nothing could have been more simple and chaste in its decorations. So unpre tending was the whole of this pro cession, that I heard it- compared, 'much to Its disadvantage, with what i may be often seen in China. .According to theory, this was the bridegroom send ing the chair to bring his bride to bis house, and is the rule in all marriages here. The chair would stand in front of the bride's house till she left, and thin is one of the points of atThinese marriage, as it gives validity by publicity. With the invisible, bat very important differ ence, that the bride is within the chair, this procession is the same that returns. The golden tablets were another addition, and on the return they were carried before the Imperial- umbrella, the tablets, the umbrella, and the chair forming one group, and at the end of all a strong troop of cavalry bringing up the rear. Brilliant yellow carts and chairs had been seen about the Palace for a few days before, sod were said to be for the ladies of the Court, but none of them appeared in the procession, that night. There were two very common Peking carts at the end, among the cavalry, and they were supposed to contain tiie bride's " ordinary attendants. ' The four or five second-class wives were to be taken to the Palace the next morning, m> the chairs and carts may have been for them and for their attendants; ..but 3k illustrates the laws about .marriage here, that they did not enter^-the Botifn or Imperial gate,, like the Empress, "but- by I one of the north gatek. A Chinese 'marriage is a long series of ceremonies, and is tiresome to read, and must be tiresome to go through. The principal points are, that as soon-as the bride reaches the bridegroom's house they ait down together and drink a cup of wine, the two cups being connected with a}s4d nbboo, pad being exchanged while drinking/ There' is" drinking of tea, and numerous repetitions of eating various kinds of food. One great point is, that they wonftfip Heavenand Earth together, and this ib nevfer dbfte with aay of, the second-class wives. They also worship their auoaatozs.. The eating and drinking, with visiting relations and being visited, lasts for puaap days, The Im perial marriige would in all details be nearly the same, except in one or two points, owing to the rank -and position of the parties. It will give some idea of Peking and a Royal marriage:to .-describe how one ma naged to get a peep at the bridal proces sion; It was said that it would leave the bride's place about 12 o'clock at midnight of the 16th, so.as to arrive at the Palace about 2 in the morning, for after that hour.it would be unlucky. Everything about a marriage is arranged in relation to certain ideas of good and bad luck The horoscopes of thpse wishing to marry have to be carefully studied,;, when every thing iB Settled, then a lucky day is looked out for, and an astrologer of this parti cular science is a most important person in all weddings, &od; bits figured largely on this occasion.' .It turned out that the -procession started about-11, or shortly afterwards. Our party arrived at its selected, point about 9 o'clock. There were four of us—a lady, a little girl very anxious to see; the. bride's chair, and an old Chinese woman who was our guide. The shop waaa poo* and wretched estab lishment for smoking opium. Xts mise rable character was the foundation of our .principal hope of safety. .If was at the corner of a narrow street, and had a ■ I -..il.l ii Vivi... back door in this street "whifch effnld be reached without passing the burricade which was near the opening into.tW wide street where the procession 'would pass. Still the nearness of this barricade was a matter of aakietf, but we got to the place and slipped in quite unseen. I saw a good many people within, but they! were all friendly and devoted to my ad venturous leader. We got down in the back yard, because the front shop was j still full of customers smoking opium. As we sipped small cups of tea, we saw the opium smokers led out at intervals by the back door; and at last we were taken^hrough to the fnfct. We passed a back apartment with two x>r three men lying fall length on mats, and busy smok ing the soothing drug. They, .took no notice of us, and we passed into the front portion of the place, which, was quite dark. The windows are Itaade of thin paper, pasted over a fraSnewotk' of wood; and when we inserted our fingers "through it, we could look out, and saw everything as clear as a" full "moon would allow. 'There were a very few lanterns hung out by way of illumination. There_were soldiers or policemen—for they are about the same in costume— scattered about doing nothing; and as all the shops were closed, it gave the -place a desolate look. It reminded one of the streets of Paris during the fight ing with fite Gbmmttne, when shops and windows were'all shut, and not a soul was visible except the soldiers in the street. The new-made way in the centre of the road had that morning had a fresh supply, of gravel iput on it, and it was yellow enough to be considered of the Imperial tint. One of the 'first passers that we saw was a dog, suggesting that the celebrated Derby dog had come over ex pressly to Peking for the Emperor's mar* riage. -The feeling -was strange to find ourselves with only a sheet of paper, and the sheet of paper with a hole, in i$ too, between us and fhis so striotlp guarded way. We could hear every word that was uttered -by the men -on duty, and there were some of them sitting jn?t under our nose. We were taking the greatest care tobestifl, andohlj woisperirig'mthscarce a breath of sound, when to our horror we saw -a -banner man approach the door; the door opened, «nd he entered, his clothes touching mine as he came in. He looked not to right or left, but disap peared info the-back shop. It was a moment or so ere I could learn what it all.meant; but it turned out ttlat these men had -been a, long time on dutj that day, and not having their accustomed pipe of opium, they were feeling and suffering much from iis want; and know ing the shop this man had n&de; a dive. The people of the shop explained that he would not" tell of us even if he had chanced toritotice that wo were there, for he was committing a crime in coming in, and he would not inform on himself by telling about us. It turned out to be \--quite-ee-they put it, - for-others-camein during the night, and went out again, and they appeared to keep down their heads as if not wishing to see or be seen in passing. The shop seemed so well known by these men, and«o many- cafne in, that when a mandarin came past with some horsemen to inapect the road, and see that it was well gaarded, he enquired of the men in front of us if all the people were prevented feom looking. We laughed to hear v the prompt answer, that none " dared to do so." We had a peculiar illustration on the part of a guardian of the street, He was in jcharge of the barricade in the side street; for a short time at first the crowd troubled him, and as he had to call out with a loud voice, he appealed to them at last not to torment him any more, for bis throat was already sore with calling.' This laatemed to have toe .desired effect, for he ■did not appear to be mnch ; troubled with -the crowdafterwards. We had another illustration of our position. Groups of mandarins on horseback were constantly -passing, and they found a soldier on the other aide of the street from us asleep. What a noise they atade about it! More than a dozen people were all talking at once, and the poor fellow, who perhaps wanted a smoke of opium, got a beating on the spot. What our fate would hare been had these m«.ni^«riTi? found as out I cannot tell. At last the "groups of cavalry, came oftener and in larger numoers; -ana at last, nearly at 12 o'clock, the bead of the procession appeared; The white horses and the banners^ the high umbrellas and fans, looked pale and ghost-like in the dim light, for the clonds had covered the moon as if they had heard the declara tion that no one dared to look. There was a long hiatus in the line, and then about. 200 lanterns went past, all deco rated with Chinese characters for "hap piness/ This was the most effective part of the procession. Then came the golden tablets, followed by the Imperial umbrella and the bride's chair, this time with, the Imperial bride within. There stood close to her chair a figure with a burning joas stick. The first suggestion was one, given in inn, that it was a light for the bride's pipe—a palpable impossibility, for there is no opening into the chair, and she is com pletely muffled up in the bridal- dress. It turned out that this was an astronomer, or rather an astrologer, for -his title is " the-enquiring-into-the-heavens official." The joaa-stick was all marked so as to in dicate portions of tune, and no doubt but he was timing the procession, so as to arrive at the palace at some "fortu nate moment" which had been calculated beforehand^ ■ ■ . The whole thing was scarcely over when the door was besieged by the performers to get in and indulge. Before opening the door we passed through to the back again, and after another cup of tea, we made for oar quarters and found the street of Peking very deserted and quiet. Advice to an Qiabh j?whelnr.—Bep«nt at leiiure, aaA then marry 1$ hute, ( 