ITEMS OF NEWS. The Suez mail is due iu Melbourne to-morrow,; news of her via Adelaide may therefore be looked for any hour. ' j , Notices appear iu another column warning owners of dogs of the necessity of having their canine followers duly registered by Wednesday next, the loth iost. Those who fail to comply with the requirements of the law by that date render themselves liable to all the paius and penalties of disobedience. The weather seems to have a tendoncy to great fickleness ; after one or two days of warmth and sunshine, wo are favoured with wet and cold, rendering the use of overcoats an absolute neces sity,: — and this in the middle of January. The consequences are that a considerable amount of sickness prevails, more esptcially amongst those who have uot become inured to the climate. On Saturday the iudicatious were that another storm was impending, hut tbe raiu did not fall in any considerable quantity till about midnight, from which time it continued with slight intermission throughout yesterday. ; The Rev. Mr Gregson, conducted tiie half- yearly services at tlie Baptist Chapel yesterday, both morning and evening. Iu -the course of his address iu the morning, the rev. gentleman delineated some of his experiences among the Hindoos of India, in which country lie has laboured as - a missionary for some . 15 or 16 years. Tbis evening he will deliver a lecture on the "Mutiny in India," illustrating his remarks by personal reminiscences. The subject is n very interesting one, aud in tho hands of Mr Gregson will, no doubt, be intelligently and exhaustively treated, so far as possible iu the limits 'of a two hours' lecture. The Graphic News .of Australia ; bids fair to become a formidable rival to the other illustrated . papers of the colony, the secoud number, just issued, being a marked improvement ou tbe first. Tbe illustration given of the recent " character" cricket match is very humorous, — MrCoppin, as Paul Fry, at the wickets ; and clown, pantaloon, and policeman in " the field," iudutging iii a few frolics. The supplement contiiius two well-drawn and stirring forest scenes, delineating the work of the wood. splitter in the "bush." The reading natter is well selected, and the whole is neatly turned out of hands. A highly interesting match was played on Saturday, on the Wattie Flat reserve, between the Chewtou and Twilight cricket clubs, result ing in a victory to the Chewtou, with nine wickets to spare. The weather waa all that; could be desired, and a goodly number of visitors was on the ground. The play on both sides was- excellent, Lockwood and Felstead scoring 15 and 9 (uot out) respectively for Chewton, while Sweeney and Benjamin played well for tbe Twi light. The bowling on both sides was first-class, especially that of Crawsbaw, Felstead, Henry, aud Sweeney. Templeton duriug the match made a brilliant catch at point. Similarity of name frequently leads to very, erroneous conclusions, as to. character and con-i duct of iudividuale, and tbe attributing of un- aeomly vices to persons entirely innocent of such propensities'. A case in point occurred tbe other day in the Police Court,— a ' Mrs Mary' M'Cor- mack was fined 5s for drunkenness ; a very hard working, industrious woman of the saino name resides near the Benevolout Asylum, and as the similarity oi name migut cause tier, some annoy ance, she bas requested us to state, for the in formation of friends, that she is not tlie individual who has so far misconducted herself as to be brought before the bench. Last week we noticed Die fact that several gardens in the outskirts of tbe town had beeii entered by a uuinber of young larrikins, who wantonly destroyed what they could not eat or carry away. The proprietor of one of the gardeus ou Clinker's Hill has written'uba lottor, in which lio states that,- having discovered the delinquents in his case, he made a complaint to the parents, and for redress received only abuse. This is rather ton much, aud will no doubt lead to steps being taken to enforce, by some stronger means, the rights of every citizen' to protection! It is very hard for a person who has been at con siderable paiiiB to bring a piece of ground into' a high etate of cultivation, to have the whole destroyed by mischievous young impB, and then be abused for complaining something, a little, more potent .-must ,be tried, ,apdjin,' one, or two instances which have come 'to oiir Itciowlodge it wilj be, if the visit be repeated, Tho Illustrated Weekly! HbrAld id n ptatililjiri tion which ought to meet jtith good patrbnagSjj both from the excellerfhs'-dtid imffibet'j6f -its ingraviogs, and the value of its reading mutter. The principal views in last week's number are — ""Visiting Day at Melbourne Gaol," "The- Actors' Cricket Match," " Cnttlo crossing .the Mdfr4y,V_ " ThcfSjldnoy Bot'ablcal Gdrdens." rr A well-known' Geelong publican (says the "Advertiser) lias been duped during the past week by a soi disant liiafried couple, than whom nb liappy pair could iidve' loblied more a'miable. It appears that they came do w n from Melbourne tb enjoy Ihe pure air of Geelong, and expressed themselves delighted at the treatment, tboy re ceived. No wolidcr, -for the owner of the hotel iu question is no novice at tho business. Sud denly tlie Husband's love began to eool, and one line duy his iegs wore no longer seen under oub host's mahogany. Alas! alas! he boltod, doubt less iu quest of fresh- game, and had left his better half in -the care of i the- hospitable hotel- keeper. It is said that the woman is married, but not tojhe man seen with .her in Gefelorigj; also, that the man is married, but not to the frail creature, whom "our host'.' intends, it is said, to keep until -her legitimate protector arrives'. Perhaps he will not1 cure ubout coming. If lie still cborishes the woman 'he swore to protect and support,, this notice miiy'pjit him on the "stent, j Tbe New. Zealand' <,HoxjaId gives, the following' account of the manner, in which' the absconding directors, of the Green , Harp Gold Mining Com pany made their escape .from Now Zealand " Wo learn by the arrival of the schooner Sei Gull from.Levuka vis' the Bay of "Islands, that shortly after the vessel bad left the, Auckland harbour and oleared the Heads on her' way to thi Fijis, she was boarded by six men, eacb of whom ivaB armed with a revolver. They requested: tb know the rates of . passage to- Lovulta, aud ^as sumed a very determined attitude. These men were the Green Harp conspirators. : They were informed that the fare was' £8 for each pas'- senger. They then' made themselves at home, and were taken on to the Fijis. The, owner of the schooner, Mr Greet), was on board at the time, and it is a somewhat remarkable circum stance that he had been victimised, to a very conj- siderable extent through 'purchasing Green Harp Bliares when they were at their highest. < 'It ap1 pears that the .police bad au idea that tbe con'- spirators would leave by this vessel,1 and one of our detectives accompanied her beyond' the Heads." r . ; j ! \- A correspondent Bends' us (Ballerat S(ar) 'the follow.iug : — "I am delighted to inform you that tlio biiuyip liaU b'een 'seen iii WendbureA' sAt Fry's mill a fetv e'Veoings1 hgo t Wp|' jre'specta bio 'men secreted themselves 'and 'were , iewarde'd. The sound emitted closely resembles tbe bleat ing of a largo calf ; or perhaps, to be exact; be tween that and the sound, of a large drum; Well, after waiting for, two hours, sure efiougli he made his appearance and railed along a dis tance of ten yards, sending the water about iu fine'style ; body like a large pig,- face of a calf, ivith lo'ng mane.'- He has" been seen hear Brown's', where his pecii liar' call can be heard any evening after sundown. As a pioneer I cannot tell'you the pleasure this discovery has given .me. Wo have no rats, uo ghosts, and the spirits are a_ failure here, but we have the bunyip-'! , For a" week- 1 liave known' nothing but delights. r I have seen the bunyip myeeif. I wish I had not! Personal acquaintance with him has proved liiih a delusion. Alas ! this has been my fate so often: I heard the dreadful souud as abbve— it camn from a bittern — it has a peculiar bellowing cry which has obtained for it the name, of Mire? drum, Bull of the Bog, and its .name,(Bitour,' Botur, Botarus) ; see the books. Now for tbe other phenomena. . It ' is. caused by. the musk- ;duek.;.j The male bird ie.as large as a. common goose, with most peculiar wings, ' or -rather paddles— see description 1 genus Bizura — with which he scuttles along, every now and1 again sending the water- high up in the air, ' certainly over, five feet, and making a , great jcpramptibn. Go to the Swamp) auy moderately clear night ; you will certainly ' hear the bunyip, and with a little patience. and imagination youfwiU.aIso see him." .. ... Mr_ William Fraser is appoiutcd to be captain in the Volunteer force, and officer commanding tlio Maryborough troop Prince of Wales V. V. Light Horse ; Mr Charles Tobin Cowle to be captain iu the Volunteer forqe, and officer commanding tlie Kyneton detachment of the 2nd Castlcmaine Volun teer Rifle Corps ; and Mr Francis Marchant Laid- mau to be assistaubSurgeon in tlio Maryborough troop Prince of Wales ,V. ,V. Light Horse-.,, , , j Au accident of a veryisiugular kind, and which it is feared will be attended with a fatal result, oc curred on Friday morning oil tlio Victorian: line of railway, at Gisborne. The acting inspector was (says tlie Telegraph) leaving tools on the Gisborne line, and near that station,- while tho train was in motion, a pick was thrown out. A man -named William M'Kiddee, aged 44, a plate-layer on tho line, was standing near, but unobserved, and the pick, carrying with it the impetus of tlio train, struck tbe poor fellow on the head, fracturing liis skull. He was taken up and conveyed to the Mel bourne Hospital, where lio has remained in a stato of unconsciousness ever since. The revenue returns for the' quarter ending with the commencement of the new year show, a falling off compared with the previous quarter, and,' on tho other hand, they are in excess of the corresponding period last year by £72,000. This was tbbeexpected, however, as the quarter' last year was the period of the reaction after tbe great Customs rash consequent on tbe introduction of Mr Berry's tariff. As they stand (says tlie Telegraph) Mr Langton has no rea son to complain about the returns, for tliey are just equal to his anticipations, liainely, a little under £900,000. His estimate of rfevenue for the year is £3, G00, 000, and in the half-year ending 31at Decern-! her lie collected £1,834,000. Ministers, it is to bri noted, are still- selling comparatively little 'land by auction, while the Customs keep np -well to the average, and railway, -postal, nnd writer servides show a steady increase. Tho bulletin is that the' financial pulse has a steady bealtliy beat. 1 A discovery of importance (says the' Argus) lias been made during tho last few days in the property of the Royal Hustler's Company, Sandhurst. This company was one of those formed for working .'the camp reserve, and was the. first to obtain' permis-, sion to break the Burface jwithin the prescribed area. The head of the undertaking was . tlio late1 Mr Joseph Millin, the well-known Hustler's Reef; Company's Manager.'. His faith was so great iii tlio value of the ground that he was the largest share- holder in the company, aud carefully plotted the' position of the reef, which since his deatii has beon' found wliero indicated! j The company; basj' how ever, now got out golden stone) sampids of -which were on Friday received by Messrs Clarke and Co.,' of Elizabeth-street. -.j The appearance of the speci mens is identical witii that of stone obtained from! the Great Extended Hustler's (Latham andlWat-i son's), and tlie Hustler's Reef Company's claims.! Tbe great importance jof this discovery is ,that;tho' whblo of tho ground between the ' Royal llustlcr'ri shaft and the Great Exteuded . Tribute .Company iri of proved -Value, as tho strike of the reef is north j aud to a certain extent tlio benefit will be felt by the companies to the south. The, stone received shows gold freely. , j 