THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MORNING, AUGUST C, 1873. The proceedings of Parliament, on a motion for an adjournment to allow Ministers time to be re-elected and to mature their policy, are generally of a pro forma character ; but the business of the Assembly yesterday afternoon was enlivened by one of those, till recently quite familiar, escapades of Mr. Charles Meredith, who availed himself of his very earliest freedom from the official restraint imposed upon him as a Minister by his colleagues, to show how restless he must have been under such restraint, and how all the character of a gentleman sat upon him. It is difficult to know whether most to pity or despise one who could be guilty of such a cowardly attack, such execrable bad taste as was displayed by Mr. Meredith in his onslaught on Mr. Chapman and there was in Mr. Innes' tone, when he rose to dissent from Mr. Meredith's remarks, an apparent expression of thankfulness and relief in finding himself, after what must have been nine months of perpetual dread, released from the task of keeping Mr. Meredith's tongue under restraint. We are quite prepared to agree with Mr. Meredith that Ministers have stretched the patience of Parliament and the Country to its utmost limit, in asking a seven weeks' adjournment and if we are not mistaken there were Members yesterday present in the Assembly prepared to suggest a curtailment of the adjournment, if they had not been ashamed to support a propositiorMubmitted to the House in such offensive and objectionable language as the ex-Minister of Lands used. We ought not, perhaps, to have been surprised at Mr. Meredith forgetting what was due to the House ; but, accustomed as we have been to his vagaries, we confess we were not prepared for such an unblushing perversion of facts ; such a total disregard of the amenities that regulate the conduct of public men ; such an ungenerous and unseemly attack on one under whose reproof Mr. Meredith has so often had to stand abashed, but who was not yesterday present to answer for himself, or repel the gross misstatements in which Mr. Meredith indulged. That the new Government would not meet Mr. Meredith's approval was to be expected, and is, perhaps, a circumstance that more than anything else will commend them to public confidence. That Mr. Chapman's presence in it should be gall and wormwood to Mr. Meredith, was also to be expected, for the latter gentleman evidently would not hesitate to play the part of Samson towards the Philistines, sacrificing himself, if by pulling down the pillars of our political edifice, he could smother Mr. Chapman with himself in the ruins. The " Interminable Mr. Chapman" must have a nightmare effect on Mr. Meredith, or haunt him as Banquo's ghost did Macbeth. Mr. Meredith, whose scriptural quotations are more numerous than apt, looks upon Mr. Chapman's return to office, as "like a dog returning to his vomit." Which the dog, and what the vomit, does not appear from what Mr. Meredith said but the per- sistency with which the ex-Minister of Lands will nauseate the House with his fables and fabrications, does not allow us to forget that he is still the Mr. Meredith who has so often excited a smile by the gravity with which he can ask us to accept his assertions as more reliable than our own knowledge of facts. Were Mr. Meredith capable of a piece of real humour, we might have suspected him of it when he instanced the obstructiveness of the late Opposition in the fact that the second reading of the Local Public Works Bill standing on the notice paper had not been of very aleen; and that lower down on the notice paper was his Bill to amend the Waste Lands Act, an absolutely necessary measure, as there are " thousands upon thousands of acres known to be waiting for this Bill to be introduced, to enable them to be taken up." Mr. Meredith was careful to remind the House that Parliament met on 17th June ; but he conveniently forgot to add that his Local Public Works Bill was not printed till the 16th July, since which date he has never once moved in the matter and when he complained of the delay in allowing these thousands upon thousands of acres of Crown lands to be taken up, why did he not mention the fact that he brought in no Bill on the subject till the 5th July, that he did not move its second reading till Friday, the 25th, when it proved so objection- able that the House would not even entertain it in committee Mr. Meredith should bear in mind how dangerous it is for those who live in glass houses to indulge in the pastime of stone throwing. But the recklessness of his charge against the late Opposition as a body sinks into insignificance in comparison with his mendacious attack on Mr. Chapman. We make him welcome to what political capital he can make out of his quotations of Mr. Chapman's repeated promised endeavour to place the finances of the Colony on a footing of permanent soundness; and coming from any one whose censure has any significance, the catalogue might perhaps have had some effect in bringing about a vigorous and successful effort. But when Mr. Meredith stood up in his place in Parliament, and stated that at the time Mr. Chapman first entered office as Colonial Treasurer, the public debt did not exceed £180,000, and that it now amounts to £1,500,000, almost the whole of the difference having been all contracted by Mr. Chapman, he made an assertion which he would not have presumed on the forbearance of the House, and dared to make in Mr. Chapman's presence, if we may judge by the fact that he never before ventured on so extreme a statement. We shall not insult our readers as Mr. Meredith did the House, by treating as serious such preposterous assertions as Mr. Meredith indulged in. We have more than once given figures and dates to prove beyond cavil, that the bulk of the debt of the Colony has been contracted during the past treasurership of Mr. Innes and Mr. Meredith and that the Colony has not to blame Mr. Chapman for a pound of the heavy burden of debt now pressing on it. Mr. Meredith's statement yesterday afternoon was therefore properly described by Dr. Butler as ungenerous and coarse in its laugUBgo and in making such a heavy charge against Mr. Chapman, Mr. Meredith not only stated what was inconsistent with fact, but must have knowingly and deliberately misrepresented Mr. Chapman, unless a warped judgment amounting to weakness of intellect prevents his comprehending and dealing intelligibly with the simplest facts. It is to be regretted that a gentleman who might be so valuable a Member of our Legislature should so lower his own influence by wayward conduct and rash statements as to give so much point to his confession perhaps the only thing he yesterday said carrying full conviction with it-that the Opposition benches were his proper place in Parliament. The late Colonial Secretary and the late Attorney-General also adopted the somewhat unusual step of delivering themselves each of a political speech on a motion for allowing time for the election to seats in Parliament of their successors in office. Both gentlemen took pains to disassociate themselves from Mr. Meredith, and to disavow his opinions and statements. Mr. Innes, however, made a bold effort to secure a basis of opposition to the new Government, but if he is not more successful in his conclusions on other matters than he was yesterday in his interpretation of the addresses of Ministers to the constituencies they seek to represent, we fear he will prove as great a failure as a leader of the Opposition as he has proved as a Finance Minister, If Mr. Innes really anticipates that the present Ministers intend revising their policy as regards the Launceston and Western Railway so as to bring it into unison with his, we can assure that gentleman of one of two things ; either he is mistaken, or the Assembly will serve the present Government as they did that which now so lamentably deplores its ejection from office. The Attorney-General also jumped to conclusions. He would tie down the new Ministers to " an income-tax, pure and simple, though such a tax is not mentioned in one of the addresses criticised. But there is something refreshingly amusing in Mr. Jackson's professed anxiety lest the Ministers should by inconsistency deprive him of the power of giving them that support he desires to afford them. In his innocence he trusted he was incorrect in his impression that they were going to take up the position of the late Government with regard to the Launceston and Western Railway. We think we may relieve Mr. Jackson of all anxiety on that score. In any case, he is not the person to cry " stinking fish." Few men during so brief a Parliamentary career have professed and acted on so many different opinions; and in this very matter of the Launceston and Western Railway, as Mr. O'Reilly reminded him during the debate that ended in turning the late Ministry out of office, Mr. Jack- son and Mr. Meredith had a short year ago entertained the very contrary ideas to thosetheypro fessed to secure the support of the representatives of the railway district. When in Opposition, Mr Jackson declared that neither in law nor in equity had the district any claim to that consideration ceded them in the resolutions of Parliament which Mr. Jackson, as a Minister, did not think went far enough. Truly, con- sistency is a glorious thing, but we think the new Ministers will not take Mr. Jackson as their pattern or preceptor. In The Mercury of the 30th July last we gave the hop report of Messrs. Walton, Son, & Co., of Hibernian Chambers, London Bridge, in which a statement appeared to the effect that this year the Tasmanian hops were as deficient in flavour and power as in past seasons. On Saturday last a correspondent, signing himself " Excelsior," took exception to the verdict of the firm alluded to, and pointed out that as only samples sent by post could have reached Messrs. Walton, Son, & Co when they wrote, it was no wonder the hops were deficient in flavour and power, as the regulations of the Post Office require that such packages should be open and exposed. "Excelsior" claimed, in fact, that Tasmanian hops were not deficient either in flavour or power, and this is the prevalent opinion among hop growers in Tasmania. In connection with this subject we have been shown a letter from a member of the Council of the Royal Agricultural Society of England, to a hop grower in this Colony, which undoubtedly confirms this opinion. The gentleman in question states that he is much interested in the success of the hop growers in Tasmania, which he hears is undoubted and he asks for information as to their mode of cultivating and curing hops. The request itself is a sufficient proof that Tasmanian hops have obtained a very good name at home. Enclosed in the latter was the following article from the Brewers' Guardian of May 20th, on " The Hop Prospects for 1873, which will, doubtless, be of considerable interest to hop growers in this Colony : " It cannot he said that the English prospect is I cheering at the present time, or that there are signs I of a good crop of Hops in the coming season. The I line is what is called plate everywhere, and does not as a rule look vigorous and growing, besides being at least fourteen days more backward than it was last year ; it looks yellow and stunted, taking short turns round the poles where it is tied, as if it never could have vigour enough to reach their tops. The wet winter has weakened the stocks, and the sharp frosts, alternating with hot days of the last three weeks have thoroughly disarranged the sap circulation of those very sensitive plants, so that they will be sickly and abnormal, unless wonderfully forcing weather arrives and continues, and will be unduly liable to blight and mould. Growers generally believe that it will not be a good year, and prophesy much trouble from hop fly. " The poling is now finished. In East Kent they were behindhand with this operation, on account of the scarcity of labour caused by growers having made new plantations without considering that they would require more labourers, and that labourers require cottages to live in, cottages accommodation in East Kent being very limited and indifferent, as in many other places, where landlords either cannot or will not afford to furnish their farms with proper and sufficient cottages and buildings essential to the interests of the tenants. In too many cases hop-growers are not far-sighted enough, and often in adding to their plantations, trust to Providence for the capital, the labourers, and the buildings to carry on the extra work of their extra acres. The principles and practices of trade unionism are fast extending to the agricultural labourers, especially in Kent so that in all probability the tendency of the growers will soon be to decrease the hop acreage in all districts where labourers are scarce and where capital is different. This is already beginning to operate in Germany, as is shown by a correspondent from Potting an important hop producing centre in Wurtemburg, where nearly 12,000 acres are devoted to hops-who says that in the last year the labourers employed in the cultivation of HopE have obtained an advance of 25 percent, in their wages, and that under these circumstances, unless wonderful prices are sustained for the produce, the acreage devoted to Hop growing must decrease. In Kent the prices paid for labour in the Hop districts have advanced from 12 to 15 per cent, since last season and as the Union gets stronger the demands will probably be greater, until the employers, who have behaved with very much forbearance and consideration, are driven to extreme counter measures. They have been grossly maligned and abused by the leaders of the movement in every way, but they have only treated them with contempt hitherto. There is no doubt that the increase of wages and the gradually coming diminu- tion of the hours of labour higher pay for less work, in plain English must diminish the production of Hops, as these causes have decreased the output of coal, and as they hinder the action of every industry under the sun which, per parentheses, reacts upon the labourers themselves in the heightened cost of every article which they consume, "Hop-growing requires an immense amount of capital, and is besides such an uncertain and speculative business that any material addition to its cost must undoubtedly tend to throw many acres out of cultivation. If an average of seven years is taken of produce and prices all through the English Hop-growing area, it will be seen that the profit upon each acre is very small. The average yield of each acre of Hop-land per seven years may be put at Go out. at the very highest, and it will be soon by" a careful calculation of prices, dating from fifty years back, that the average price per cwt. for Hops has not amounted to more than £11. It is supposed that the expense of cultivating an acre of Hopland costs from £27 to £30 per annum ; so it will be seen at once that very much more expense must not be laid upon the producers, who cannot combine to raise their prices, but must wholly depend upon the operation of supply and demand throughout the world. " The full extent of the competition with England in the matter of Hop growing cannot be ascertained, A but it is immense, and is enlarged each year. In a Wurtemburg and Bavaria alone there are no less '. than 55,305 acres of Hop land under cultivation, j in Belgium there are 10,828 acres, and in France a 11,020 acres. in Austria proper the returns are mixed up with those of flax, tobacco, and hemp, given at 80,840 acres, but it may be assumed that there are at least 20,000 acres of Hops in the country. Then Bohemia and Galicia have large acreages. America has an enormous extent of Hop land, the sum total of which cannot be ascertained and in the favouring soil and climate of Tasmania and New Zealand the cultivation of Hops is becoming greater year by year, so that the English plantation now forms but a very small part of the Hop plantation of the whole world, whereas 25 or 30 years ago it comprised much more than half of its extent. 4 It is a very vexed question, which a few years will Boive, whether English growers-with their heavy burdens getting heavier year by year, with comparatively unfavourable climatic condition-can compete with American, German, Tasmanian, and New Zealand producers. Besides the damage done by the white frosts, there is a good deal of slug and flea, which tend to retard the progress of the mine, more particularly when the ground is rough and uncultivated, as in most parts of Mid Kent, the Weald of Kent, and Sussex, where much of the land is as hard as a turnpike road and lies in great clods, waiting for heavy showers to soften them. Very little usual spring cultivation has been done in these situations, as it would have been useless to attempt to pulverise the soil or make any impression upon the steely lumps.' " Gorman and French reports show that the Hop stocks have wintered well, and have cut sound. At Grosweingarten the line is growing away fast. At Penang the plants have received no injury from any source, and are being tied up to the poles and wires. The continued, cow and dampness in Belgium have kept back the line, which does not look very flourishing, and prices have consequently become more firm. The reports for the American districts are far more cheerful, and in many districts the plants have stood the winter well. In those places where it was supposed that the damage was irretrievable and far- spreading, it is now found that the evil has been much exaggerated, and the American growers hope to produce many more Hops than last year." The Change of Ministry There was little or no business transacted in the Legislative Council yesterday. The Premier (Mr. Kennerley) entered the Chamber a few minutes before four o'clock, and took the seat formerly occupied by the Colonial Secretary, having as his supporters on the same bench Mr. Foster and Mr. Dunn. Mr. Scott followed shortly after, and seated himself opposite the Premier, Mr. Whyte and Dr. Crowther taking their places on his left. The Premier made a short statement to the effect that he had been entrusted with the task of forming a new Ministry that he had succeeded and that the new Administration hoped to submit measures for the consideration of Parliament calculated to place the finances of the colony in a thoroughly sound position. He subsequently moved the adjournment of the House until the 23rd September next, and the motion was agreed to. In the Assembly the attendance of hon. members was very meagre, only eleven besides the Speaker putting in an appearance. The late Premier was the first to enter the House, and he took his place on the front Opposition Bench in the seat formerly occupied by Mr. Chapman. He was quickly followed by his late colleagues, Mr. Meredith and Mr. Jackson, and these gentlemen, together with Mr. Swan and Mr. Belbin, occupied the front Opposi- tion Benches, At the back sat Messrs. Young, Dooley, Lewis, and Salier. The sole occupants of the Government benches were Dr. Butler and Mr. Riddoch. The former represented the Ministry, and after stating that a new Administration had been formed, he moved the adjournment of the House till Tuesday, the 23rd September. Mr. Meredith, in a speech bristling with abuse of Mr. Chapman, given in the coarsest language, opposed the motion on the ground that the time asked for was too long. The other members who spoke-Mr. Innes, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Swan, Mr. Lewis, and Mr. Young supported the motion, and after Dr. Butler had replied, the motion was put and carried. The Sorell Causeway. In the Legislative Council, yesterday, a notice (the only one stood on the paper, in the name of the Hon. James Whyte, with respect to the Sorell Causeway, and before the Council rose the hon. gentleman put the question given notice of. It was to ask the head of the Government when the time for the completion of the Sorell Causeway by the present con tractors lapsed and why the cause had not been opened for public traffic. To the first part of the question, the hon, the Premier answered, the 25th July, 1872 j and to the latter because the works are not yet completed." The curtiss and remarkable brevity of the latter part of the reply seemed to take the honourable propounder of the question by surprise. So much so, that he seemed to hesitate a few seconds, as if waiting for something further, but finding that no fuller information was forthcoming, he addressed the president, and said "thou Sir, I certainly think that under these circumstances it is necessary that the whole of the correspondence between the contractors and the commissioners, and the Executive Government, should be laid on the table of this house, that hon. members may see what has been done." The motion was agreed to, and the matter dropped. The Wurr for Buckingham Mr. A. B. Jones, the Returning Officer for the Electoral District of Buckingham, notifies the receipt of a writ for the election of a fit and proper person to serve as the member for that district in the Legislative Council that nominations will be received by him at the Police-office, Hobart Town, up to 4 o'clock on the 8th August (Friday) and that in the event of more than one person being nominated, a poll will be taken at the different polling places on the 13th inst. Municipality of Ross. - An extraordinary vacancy having occurred in the Municipal Council of Ross, by the resignation of Philip T. Smith, Esq. nominations for a fit and proper person to fill the vacancy will be received by the Warden and Returning Officer, Thos. B. Blyth, Esq., from Friday the 15th inst. to Friday the 22nd Inst. at noon. In the event of a contest, a poll will be taken at Ross on Friday, the 29th inst. The Tasmanian Deiientures.-In our issue of yesterday we chronicle the fact that £99, 300 worth of Tasmanian debentures, issued at 5 per cent interest, had been tendered for by the local market, £48,300 at premiums varying from 1 to 11 per cent., and £5/,000 at par, and under 1 percent. premium. The Colonial Treasurer yesterday allotted £28,300 worth of these, two debentures being at 2 percent, premium, and the remainder at from 1 per cent, to H per cent, premium. We understand that a further limited allotment will be made at 1 per cent, premium. Entries for the Poultry Show. - It is announced in our advertising columns that intending competitors at the Poultry Society's annual exhibition next week must send their entries of exhibits to the honorary secretary, Mr. A. J. Chapman before nine o'clock this evening, at which time the entry list will be positively closed. Already a large number of entries have been registered from various districts, but as we shall be in a position to-morrow to give full particulars, we content ourselves by giving the reminder that to-night is the all-important "night of entry," and that at 9 o'clock the secretary will announce the list of entries, Rechabite Anniversary The anniversary of the Victoria Tent, I.O.R., held last evening in the Alliance Rooms, passed off very successfully. There were upwards of 200 persons present, and amongst others' the Hon. Mr, Moore, Minister of Lands. The report read by the Secretary, Mr. Miller, showed a surplus on the year of £40, and an increase of eight members. The meeting was addressed by Dr. Benjafield, and Mr. G. S. Crouch. There was also vocal and instrumental music, the former under the leadership of Mr. H. J. Cox, and the latter under Mr Dentith. The tea was supplied by Messrs. Haywood and Son. St. John's Associations' miscellaneous entertainment of readings and music will take place at St John's Schoolroom), Goulburn-street, this evening (Wednesday), to commence at half-past seven o'clock. ENTERTAINMENT AT THE ALLIANCE ROOMS A popular entertainment of music, singing, readings, fee, will take place at the Alliance Rooms to-morrow (Thursday) evening. A full programme will appear in to-morrow's issue. The proceeds are to go in aid of the funds of the Alliance. Freemasonry. The quarterly convocation of the Royal Chapter, 030, E.C., is to be held this evening at 7 o'clock. Brickfields Board-The monthly meeting of the Board of Management of the Brickfields Pauper Establishment is to be held this afternoon, at 3.30 p.m., at the Town Hall. Cemetery Board-The Board of Cemetery Trustees meet to-day, at 11 o'clock, at the Board room, Public Buildings, Gas Company The half-yearly general meeting of shareholders in the Hobart Town Gas Company is to be held at the office this afternoon, at 3 o'clock, to receive the report of the directors, and, to declare a dividend, and for other purposes. The Ragged Schools The monthly meeting of the Committee of the Ragged Schools will meat at the Watchorn-street school at half-past ten o'clock to-morrow (Thursday) morning. Information Wanted. Frederick H. Moore, Esq., Italian Consul at Launceston, advertises for information respecting And face and Scipione Centauri. The former is said to be practising as a veterinary surgeon somewhere in Tasmania. Hunting Appointment The master of the Southern hounds, R, A, Jillett, Esq., announces that the Southern hounds will meet at Melton Mowbray on Saturday, the 9th inst. That veteran sportsman, Mr. S. Blackwell, has presented a fine back for the occasion, and the antlered monarch of the glen will be released at 11 a.m. Launceston Luray. From the committee we have received a copy of the catalogue of the library of the Launceston Mechanics' Institute. The number of volumes is 6,000. The catalogue, which is well arranged, was printed in Launceston, and has been turned out in a very creditable style. Mr. Westcott's Library. - Our advertising columns of to-day contain the 31st part of Mr. Westcott's extensive catalogue of new and second hand books for sale. This part is continued from that published on the 4th inst., and comprises the works under the letter M. The works enumerated in this part consist almost entirely of scientific and religious works, with some works of travel and research. Mr. Westcott promises a 32nd part in a moderately. Any one in search of any particular work can almost make sure of finding it in this extensive collection. I "PoorCarlo is Poisoned." This sentence, so speaking in itself, is written in white point, and in letters as long as one's stick, on the wall of the Catholic burial-ground And it seems to ask, 1 " Who poisoned Carlo of Garden Crescent correspondent writes : It is not often that the Corporation of Hobart Town get credit for any good work that they may perform ; because, like the Premier, for any office they give away or work they do, they make ten enemies and one ungrateful. Now, the Garden Crescentites are not ungrateful, and they at once regard the gravelling of the pathway in that inter-, eating locality as a stop in the right direction ; because, as Solomon says, "Take heed unto your steps, and mend your paths." The pathway round the Crescent used to be a favourite one with the citizens on Sunday afternoons and holidays especially those who, like him, are admirers of the fair and beautiful hours of the city-until certain repairs at the upper corner spoiled their walk ; but from the indications now afforded of gravel carts and Corporation labourers hard at work in the locality, there is every hope of the dear old walks being resuscitated, and the Corporation blessed instead of anathematised. The Sudden Death at Sand i Bay. An inquest was held at the Bird in Hand Hotel, yesterday, by Mr. Tarleton, touching the death of Thomas Knight, 55 years of age, who died very suddenly on Monday morning while at work on the premises of Mr. John Murdock, merchant, Sandy Bay. Deceased was turning a mangold cutting machine, when he suddenly fell on the ground, and in the brief space of one minute expired. Dr. Benson made a post mortem examination of the remains, and found that the cause of of death was extensive excise cation of the valve of the heart. The jury found a verdict accordingly. Another Sudden Death. " Old Tom the Waggoner," a well-known character in Hobart Town for many years, died very suddenly at Mrs. Walsh's lodging house, Murray-street, yesterday afternoon. On Monday he partook of some sausage with his tea, and shortly after went into the wood yard, where he was seen sitting down and vomiting. He recovered himself in a few minutes and went to bed, and nothing further was seen of him until the next morning. He then stated that he felt much better, and was left to himself until about three o'clock in the afternoon, when Mrs, Walsh discovered that he was either dead or dying. Dr. Carns was sent for, and on his pronouncing that the old man was dead, the police conveyed the body to the hospital dead-house, where it remains pending an inquest, I Peace Disturbers The Police Office sheet presented rather a longer array of offenders than usual yesterday, although principally for minor offences. Three female disturbers were dealt with by two of them being fined 5s, and costs, whilst the third, who it appears was an old offender against public morals as well, though young in years, was sent, for the second time within eighteen months, to hard labour for six months ; whence it is to be hoped that she will come out with a determination to lead an amended life. Two young men for fighting in Liverpool-street between 1 and 2 o'clock yesterday morning were let off with a fine of 5s. each. The other cases were larceny and summons cases, and several of them were postponed. More Ruffianism in Liverpool-street.-Last evening while a police constable was taking into custody a young girl named Bella Sullivan, on a charge of insulting passers-by in Liverpool-street, a number of young roughs commenced attacking the constable with stones, obviously with the object of intimidating him to release his charge. One of the stones struck the girl over the left temple, inflicting a slight wound, and necessitating her removal to the hospital. There the injury was attended to, and the prisoner was subsequently taken to the gaol. One for the Press A New York paper solemnly assures its readers that Mr. James Gordon Bennett, New York, has for some time been madly in love with one of the King of Denmark's daughters, and that there is every prospect he will be successful in gaining her hand. San Francisco a Free Port The farmers of California have formed themselves into an Association called the " Farmers' State Union, at a recent meeting of which we road that they adopted resolutions in favour of making San Francisco a free port. No doubt it would be a grand thing in the interests of the farmers of California, and a good many other people besides, Hawaiians included) if San Francisco were really a free port. But there is a trifling difficulty in the way, San Francisco is a city of California, one of the United States of America, and subject to the laws of the general Government. Gentle Words for Houses If horses were next thing to deaf, there would be an excuse for the shoutings and yelling so generally indulged in, but they are not, and therefore need not be spoken to so loudly and harshly. The ear of a horse is very sensitive, and, save in exceptional cases, it is possible to control his motions by a command given in a moderate tone of voice. A horse is a teachable animal, and is always affected by kind treatment. The last of the matter is that, it kind words and only gentle treatment throughout were given to theaenobleanimals instead of oaths, curses, and blows, we should find their docility greatly increased. Just imagine if you will, a gee ! or whom ! uttered in a tone sufficiently loud to be heard half miles distant, and this command given to an animal within five or ten feet of the party giving it. Wherein consists the necessity for it Why not resort to more rational and certainly more pleasing means ? Why not speak in a moderate tone P This is all that is required. The horse, if not deaf, can hour it, and will as readily obey us if given in thundering tones. One of the best managed teams ever seen was controlled by the driver without the indulgence of this unimiMcal yelling. The driver rarely over spoke above his ordinary tone of voice, and yet his horses paid into their work with as much willingness and apparently (greater earnestness than if they had been driven to it by tearful shoutings and blows. The horse is an intelligent animal. None of the brute creation more readily appreciate kind words and kind treatment. Such (acts should be considered always by those who have the cure of these animals. A Lance issue Mr. Aaron Coxhead, a carrier, who died recently at Sunninghill, Surrey, at the patriarchal age of ninety-eight, has left 12 children, 50 grandchildren, 20 great-grandchildren, and a few groat-great-grnnachildron. At the age of ninety four who voted at the last election for the county at Windsor and only last season he was to he soon diligently cultivating his garden. 