A FEW days ago Mr L. L. billTH called the attention of the Government to the practice of private patients being received into the public hospitals, and asked whether steps would be taken to put a stop to this custom in future. Mr LAIfGTON replied by promising to give the subject his earnest consideration. Unluckily for the progress of the movement made by Mr L. L. Smite, that member is not the one most likely to cany success with any project of this kind, for reasons which it is not necessary to describe here. But there can be little doubt that he, has opened up a subject, which merits the consideration of the Government, and which contains many elements deserving public and parliamentary discussion as well. The practice of receiving paying patients into the hospitals is on the face of it unwise and unfair. It is unwise because it creates a class distinction where no distinction what ever should exist. The public subscribes its money, and the Government supplements its contributions, for the relief of the poor, absolutely and entirely, and not to provide medical advice, lodgement, attendance, and food to those persons who can afford to pay for all these advantages outside. The admission of persons known to possess means, mid willing to pay for the attention required, is therefore a misapplication of the objects of the charity ; and on this ground, if on no other, the practice ought to be dis countenanced. The paying patients have rooms of their own ; and by so much as the general wards of the hospitals are filled, is there left less room for the admis sion of non-pairing sick people! Tins, in itself; shovfs a misuse of the charity, when navinir rwHentsare aAraftLJnfiajai1 of the sou more objectionable element m the custom, that it creates class distinctions, Where only the purest benevolence, and the strictest levelling principles, should prevail. But the. unfairness of the- system is still more deserving of deprecation. The great bulk of the work in some hospitals is done by the honorary staff of medical officers, who by the admission of pay ing patients, are not only called upon to give gratuitous advice to such patients, but also suffer in pocket by their presence in these Institutions. If this class of. patients were not received into the hos pitals they would of necessity have to employ and pay these or other medical men at their homes, and therefore their admis sion into the hospitals is a wrong done to the profession. . Moreover, there is the temptation and risk of the poorer class of patients being overlooked, whilst the paying ones are closely attended to. This remark will apply not only to the resident medical staff, but also to -the nurses, and every person about the establishment who, hnman nature like, are not .only apt to pay more deference to those who have money than to those who have none, but also to labor with a hope that a gratuily may be forth-, coming when health is effectually restored. We by no means say that anything of the land occurs, but simply that the tendency of class distinctions in public hos pitals is in tbis direction. It will of course be contended, on the other side, that inas much as these patients pay for all they have, and do not crowd out poor .people, therefore no harm can be done to any one by their admission, always excepting, of course, the loss of fees to which medical men practising outside must suffer through this cause. It will also be urged that these paying patients could . not obtain the same excellent attendance outside the walls of tiie hospitals "as they can within, and therefore' their admission is based upon the purest principles ofphilanthropy. But we do not think there would be much force in either of these pleas. The very fact of there bang rooms dmoted exclusively to paying patients, and our hospitals being -so often filled that non-paying" patients have to wait for admission," or convalescents are discharged earlier in the case of a. rush . than when patients are scarce, sufficiently " answers the first objection, while in any. case the class distinction still remains, which i is decidedly objectionable" in charities of all sorts, be they hospitals or, any... tiring else. As. to the second plea, the number of persons who cannot obtain as good attendance outside-'as they can in, when,. they can ,. afford to pay for both, most be so ' extremely small that it is hardly worth while to huckster with our hospitals for their sakes. The fact is thai humanity always sympathises more or less with suffering humanity ; that while healthy : persons often have the cold shoulder of life . to contend. against, let them. but fall sick, said they must be very destitute of friends' indeed unless some one is willing to lend them a helping hand in their extremity.. But when these people can afford to pay for what they require, there is a strong and' ah additional inducement for aid to be afforded, and therefore the contention that, paying patients are admitted only that they, may secure better -attendance, seems to us to have very "little about it to commend it to popular approval Or beUof.; Look ing at the subject, however, which Mr L. L. Smith has started on broadergrounds than those we have just. dealt with, thp practice of admitting paying patients, into the hospitals is a mistake, for the reasons we have already given — namely, that it causes vicious class distinctions in a public charity, and deals with medical men, who give their services for nothing, in anything but. a fair, businesslike, or professional spirit. Any effort, therefore, that may be made either by a private member or by the Government to abolish this system should be supported by the public. We have heard a great deal of late about the way hospitals are abused by well-off out- door patients, and these complaints are very properly made ; but the paying system within is quite as prolific of abuse. Both ought therefore to be suppressed, because they are not orriy unfair to the subscribers as well as to "the medical officers, but also foreign to the objects for which our hos pitals have been established. His Honor Judge Dunne gave a decision in the Sandhurst County Court on Monday, which, if endorsed by the Supreme Court to which it has been relegated, will go a long way to reduce the proportion of mining accidents which occur on the goldfields. The case was that of Fallover v. the North Shenandoah Company, and the damages sought amounted to £250. Fallovek- had tumbled to the bottom of a shaft through the fracture of a ladder, which was insecurely fixed by the rope being too weak to withstand the strain to which it was subjected. He brought an action against the company, and the Judge gave a verdict in his favor for £100, and costs. It was pleaded for the defendants that the manager did not know that the rope was unsound, but the Judge said he ought to have known this, " the means of knowledge being equi- " valent to knowledge itself." No doubt his Honor was prompted to make this remark by a statement made by one of the witnesses, to the effect that the rope had been so long down the mine that it- was bound to have rotted to an extent to be unsafe. The evi dence all through the case, indeed, went to show that the mine -had been negligently worked ; the upjier ladder being hung by staples driven into quartering, and the rest having been loosely suspended by ropes down to the bottom of the shaft. The only novelty, therefore, in Judge Dunne's decision lies in the interpretation put on the Judge's words, that "the means of " knowledge is equivalent to the knowledge "itself." It has been known- for a long time that whenever-negligence on the part of a company or private individual has re sulted in an accident, damages can be ob tained, and the North Shenandoah Company exposed; themselves to the consequences.of Fall oyer's action, even on this ground alone. Cobb and Co.'S books, as well as the balance-sheets of railway companies, Show the correctness of this assertion beyond denial, and therefore if the Jndge had given Fallover a verdict on the ground of negligence, he would have done no more than has often been done ' before under mnch the same circumstances. But his Honor has certainly struck out a new line of thought by stating that managers' ought to know when appliances ; about mines are unsafe, though they may have reasonable grounds to believe that every thing -is perfectly -sound. We are inclined to think, however, that the interpretation put on his Honor's remark about knowledge, &c.;, is not the . correct one 5 but rather that he meant -that the mine had been so slovenly' wprked, in this instance, that the manager ought to have known that everything was not so secure as to render accidents im possible. Verdicts have so often been given' by our courts in favor of the defendants where negligence could not be proved, that there seems no alternative but to fall back upon this hypothesis to account for Judge Dunne's "femark. . feesuminds, therefore, av— -»» "hg we amen to Aia Honor's observation to be the correct one, there is nothing novel in his decision neither can it be accepted as of any value in checking mining accidents in the future, beyond the fact already known to companies, that if they work their aground in a slovenly manner they will be pecuniarily responsible for -any physical disaster that may occur from this cause. But at the same time, and apart from the legal difficulties mixed up with Judge Dunne's remarks, there can. be 'no doubt that it would be wise on the part of the Legislature to make mining companies responsible forany disasters which occur in their workings, whether result- rng from negligence, or arising only from natural causes. An enactment of this kind would induce extra caution, and extra caution means safety, or security to life and limb of the men employed about the mines. . No mining company likes . an accident, because it not only disturbs operations for the time being, but also involves a monetary ontlay in repairs, assistance to the survivors, and in many other directions, and if negli gence should by chance be proved, then heavy compensation has perhaps to he paid in addition. But miningaeddenis are of such common occurrence, arising from ordinary precautions not being observed, that , the Legislature would be justified in casting the whole responsibility of these . mis haps upon companies, if only, as we have just said, to induce extra caution, and thus, perhaps, to do away ultimately with these occurrences altogetiier. We believe the law is such now, Judge Dunne- to the con trary 'notwithstanding, that unless negli gence can ' be proved damages cannot be obtained, and- fhte prevents managers from bestowing that critical Attention upon mines which owing to the value of the lives at stake must be regarded as indispensable." This point, however, will be decided by the Supreme Gourt, to which the decision of his Honor Judge' Dunne lias been sent on appeal by notice of the North Shenandoah' Company. If the Judges should endorse' Judge Dunne's ruling, then there-will lie little need of legislation to deal with mining accidents, as- that ruling will dispose of the matter in a very wholesome and facile manner. But if .they should not, the sub ject should not be allowed to rest at that stage. -.The hint- thrown out by Judge Dunne should be utilised "by Parliament;, for, if. there is one problem more than another which cails for solution, it is how to prevent mining accidents, or how to pre serve the lives of working miners from these occurrences. . It will be seen by our parliamentary report this morning that a smart interchange of compliments .took place last night in the Assembly, between Mr. Mackay and Mr Jones, on the jumping cases. It . was provoked by Mr Mnekay calling upon Mr Jones to explain the statements madciiv the latter gentleman in his letter to last Saturday night's in dignation meeting. Mr Mack ay hod. better have left the subject alone. _ . We learn by tclegi5uithat a t the meeting hdd in Boninyong last night, on the subject of the electoral boundary, the mayor occupied tiie chair. Only twenty-two persons were present. . A petition to the Assembly from the districts concerned was. handed in, signed by 735 persons. . The mayor, in' opening the business, said lie wished to correct a statement which had got abroad that he had had a hand in the way the district had been defined. He assured the meeting he had had nothing what ever to do. witli the setting-out of the boundaries. Mr Ncitdl than described the limits of the new elec-' 1 toratc. Messrs Bracher, Hpdriek, Inncs; and rite mayor spoke in favor of an alteration. Mr Med- rick repudiated any sinister motive in the promi nent part he had taken to get an alteration. - A. proposition for altering the bonndries was pnt and carried, and the mayor, and Mr Nettell were in structed to have tiie petition tp the Assembly pre sented at the expense of the borough. We learn by telegram from Pleasant Creek that the streets resumed their usual quiet appearance after the claimants left on Tuesday evening, and yesterday everything was tranquil. It 1b felt there is no occasion for the reinforcement of police, and the pickets have been withdrawn bom duty. A meeting of the friends of Mr Ciaxton, mayor of the City of Ballarat, was held yesterday after noon at Craig's, the object being to secure that gentleman's. return to the City Council as member for the Central Ward. The circular calling the meeting was signed by Mr John Towers. About a dozen gentlemen were present, and Mr C. W. Sherard was voted to the chair. Mr Towers opened the proceedings by stating that, under the 47th section of the Municipal -Act, it would be the turn of Mr Ciaxton to retire the first week in August. A strong opposition was expected, and it was considered necessary by Mr C lax ton's friends to take time by the forelock. Messrs Hunt and Bropby were expected- to appear as opponents. A requisition calling upon Mr Ciaxton to contest the seat was laid on the table. Letters were read from Mr George Smith regret ting his inability to attend, and from Mr Thomas Whittle to a similar effect. Dr Whitcojnbe believed that the return of Mr Ciaxton was certain, and considered tiie present action premature. It would be advisable to wait until an antagonist worthy of their steel presented himself. Mr Moss believed tbat an opposition had been organised. The chair man agreed with Dr Whitcombe's remarks. Dr Embling proposed — " That the gentlemen present form themselves into a committee to secure Mr Claxton's return." Seconded by Mr Bade, who suggested that the gentlemen present devote a day or two to obtaining signatures to the requisition. Mr J. T. Thompson, of the Stork hotel, said he had worked hard for Air Claxton's return oa a previous occasion, hut was not prepared to do so in the present instance, as some one might come forward who had a stronger idea of protection to vested rights and properties. Mr Bade was not aware that Mr Ciaxton had ever opposed any vested interests whatever. The motion was then put and carried, Mr .Thompson objecting; and his objection bang warmly opposed by Mr Moss, .who considered that any such opposition as alluded to would be a disgrace to the city. Mr Ackman proposed, -and Mr Light seconded — ' That the gentlemen present who were willing to act on this committee should affix their signatures to the requisition." Carried. The requisition was nume rously signed, and the proceedings closed. At a meeting ot ratepayers of tiie West Hiding cf Butiinyongshirt, held at llic Little Hard lliils on tiie 17th iustaul", a large number being present, Mr James Davies. one of the candidates, addressed the meeting ou several matters connected with the interests of the ratepayers in the riding. The candidate stated that he was in favor of an equi table distribution of the revenue of the shire for the general benefit of tiie ratepayers. He entered at length into most of the matters of importance in connection with local government, and at the close an almost unanimous vote of confidence was accorded him. At the termination of the address, the meeting resolved itself into a committee to aid Mr Davies' candidature ' A private letter, received in Ballarat yesterday from Mr Kennedy, states that that gentleman and his family have been drawing crowded houses in Sydney. The family has given nightly entertain ments there for the last six weeks, and done " a big business" each night. Mr Kennedy writes in very grateful terms of the Sydney people, from -whom he says himsdf and family have received the warmest courtesy and consideration.- The returns of the election of the Board of Advice for the West Biding of Buninyongshire will be found published this morning in 6nr advertising columns. The successful candidates are Messrs W. Eraser, C. C. Scorer, .T. Westcott, J. Barrie, and J. J. Saucr. Mr W. Clarke, M.L.A, yesterday presented a petition to the hon. the Chief Secretary, signed by a number of electors at Clarendon and surround ing district, praying that a polling-booth may be gazetted at that place for the district of Grenville. The Chief Secretary stated that he would commu nicate with the returning offiBfer on the subject. An accident, which unfortunately has terminated fatally, occurred at -tire New Golden Stream Com pany's claim -on Tuesday evening. Two men, named John Folkingbornc and ltalph Coulter, were working together in a drive close to old ground, when, without the lightest warning, the main set canted out, and both men were immediately buried in the sandy drift. The accident occurred about seven p.m., and after about three and a half hoars' strenuous exertions, Polkinghorne was extricated, and was found not to have sustained any serious injury. His legs are slightly bruised, but he has fortunately escaped without any further disaster. The unfortunate man Coulter was not got at until about twelve noon on Wednesday, when he was found doubled up and quite dead. He resided at Piggoreet, and leaves a wife and five children, who were entirely dependent on him for support. He had only woiJBta four shifts in the claim when the cciaeni oobomfcd.-,2Cli6 drive ib -wluhi mu men were working t$Tin for about 10 feet from the face, lad the sandy nature of tiie ground Tendered the task of extricating the men both tedious and dangerous. At a meeting of the committee of the Mechanics' Institute, held on Tuesday evening — present: Messrs Ciaxton (president) ; Embiing, L J. Jones, James, Stephens, Thompson, Stansficld, Bade, Huddart, and J. P. Marshall — tiie secretary re ported that he had received a copy of the Civil Service Report from Major Smith, M.L.A., to whom a vote of thanks was passed. The secretary also reported that Air William Newman had kindly offered to give £10 10s for a life membership, to be offered as a prize to the pupils of the School of Design, if nine, .other gentlemen wonld do tiie same. A deputation from the . School of Design, consisting of Messrs Caselli, M'Dowall, Oldham, Oakdcn, ana Figgis, had waited on a special meeting of the committee, convened for that pur pose, to ask that the £10 voted by the Mechanics' Institute for prizes should -be -open for competition by all the pupils, instead of members of the insti tute only, and to request that the committee would take over the entire management of the "school into their hands. It was resolved .that £10 should be placed at-the disposal of the- School of Design- without condition, and tluit a sub-committee, con sisting of the presideht'and twoTice- prcsidents, should confer with the committee and teachers of the school, and report at next meeting. The Smeaton people have always been proverbial for picking holes in the Land Act, but the follow ing is the latest. There are two young men re siding on the Smeaton Plain?, who hare pegged out 320 acres each in the neighborhood of St. Arnaud. Thar intended better halves have ap plied for a similar area alongside, and it is arranged as soon .as the land board grants the licenses that the happy union shall take place. Should the Minister of Lauds enforce the rest- : dential clause, -they, purpose i erecting their home steads . ou tiie boundaries of . their respective- allotments. .. The last official inspection 'for the season of the 1st nnd 3rd B.V.R. was held last "night by the staff officer, Colonel Rede. Nearly 300 men and officers assembled, and the colonel expressed his satisfaction at1 the appearance of the men and their inynntiynffntp; ' He also conveyed to the dorps' -the thanks of his "Excellency the Governor for the attention paid binrtoy the Rangers during- his lnte visit'to "Ballarat. SirXJeorge Bawen also desired to compliment them,- through their colonel, upon their soldierlike appearance, and the efficient manna- in which their auties were performed. Some people arc in a great hurry to find their way into Parliament at the next general election. ; One of these is Mr C. A. Saint, whqlias already pub lished in the If. A. Mail his address to the electors of .Csthtiemainc. ' Mr Sunt may claim the honor — if it be one — of bring the first to publish an address in connection with-thc' next general election. - A dense fog agiun' oovered Ballarat and the surrounding districts yesterday . afternoon aid evening. The .weather-wise predicta heavy fall of rain to follow this somewhat unusual occurrence in Victoria. . The usual fortnightly .meeting of the Early Closing Association was held -on Tuesday evening. It was decided to take- some action to ind uce the public to shop earlier on . Saturday nights. " Ar rangements were made for a ballad concert at an c-arly date, as the first of a series of entertainments to be given during the winter months. . We have to announce the death of Mr John Watson, .D.RAV.Q.Tt w110 recently visited Balla rat in- com-.ectionwUh tTic t-Jrdcr of "Good Templars. Mr Watson had been long- connected with the temperance movement, liavipg open well and favor ably _ known 1 as a ' speaker at many of the great mcjtings held in Glasgow in - furtherance of the cause. His zeal in this reform led indeed to Ids dentil, for it was after speaking at a crowded meet ing in Glasgow that he caught a cold, which settled upon his lungs," and. ultimately carried him off. -Deceased leaves a , widow and several children to mourn his loss. The : funeral is to take dace in Melbourne on Saturday; afternoon, when the brethren of the Order of Goad Templars are .ex pected to appear in regalia. In the Gordon Police Court yesterday (before Mr Shuter, PAL; .Mr E. O. Witherden, J.P.; and Mr A. Fi ken, J.P.), W. S. Robb, late of the firm ot Robb and Ghristie,-etorriraepws, -af Egertoii, "was charged with defrauding several , insurance companies out of £1300, by burning down his store on "the 12th June, 1871. The prosecution, bad been instituted ' by the police." Mr Finiayson appeared for the prosecution, and Mr .Macdcrmott for the defence. Nesriy the whole day was occn- pied in taking evidence, ondu morc lame. or impo tent enquiry was never, perhaps/held before in i police court. There -was not a tittle of' testimony to connect .Mr Robb .with tiie "fire, except that fie had been-heard tb hay that the goods might as well be burned as given away on credit. Mr Macdcr mott made a vigorous speech in defence of his client, extending over an hour, and at' its "conclu sion the bench at once disdiarged- the prisoner. This announcement was loudly cheered by the people who crowded the court during tiie day. The evidence, which has been scat to us by our Eger- ton correspondent, is too inconsequential to be worth publishing. The district coroner, Mr Thomas Hopper, held an inquest at the Try Again hotel, Piggoreet, on the 17th, on the body of a clfild two years old. The jury returned the following verdict: — "That the deceased, James Robert Wilson, died from injuries received by accidentally falling Into a boiler half filled with boiling water. The search for Mr Cunningham's servant was continued by different parties until a late hour on Tuesday night, but without success; and early yesterday morning Messrs Best, Cunningham, Gillespie, and others, started out to search the ranges to the north and east of Smythesdale. Upon returning," they noticed Air Cunningham's dog, which was known to have accompanied the girl, in Mr Veal's paddock, and while some of the party stayed to watch the dog, in the hope that he would lead them to the lost one, others brought the intelligence into Smythesdale, and took steps to form a party to search the locality in which the dog was found. Shortly -afterwards a messenger arrived with the wel come intelligence that the girl had been found on Surface 1311, near Paddy Welsh's place, by a party of youths, named Duffin, Boyd, and Camson, and taken to Mr Boyd's bouse. She was sitting behind a hush, and was quite unable to move from the effects of the cold and exposure. Dr Jordan was speedily in attendance, and though very much exhausted, the efforts made to restore her were attended with success. Mr M'Alillan, the captain of the fire brigade, who was injured by felting down a hole while out searching on Monday night, is. recovering. He Teceived a severe shaking, hut no hones are broken. Our . Haddon correspondent says that " on information reaching there on Wednesday morning, that the girl bad not been found. Constable Daly mastered all the men he could, and started in search of her. After scouring the western ranges as far west as the farms, as many of the party as could be qalled together turned back, with the intention of search ing the ranges on the east side of the creek ; and "on their way from one side to the other, they called at the residence of Air R. H. Lock, J. P.. who, having informed tliem that the girl was found, kindly invited tiie searchers in and gave them refreshment, and they hastened back with the good news to Haddon, where the girl's mother resides." Is the girl daft, to lose herself after this extraordinary fashion ? A conference of the local bodies of the Smythes dale district was held on Wednesday, at the Town Hail, Scarsdale. Present — The mayor of Scars- dale (in the chair), the mayor of Smythesdale, Councillors Webb, J. Jones, Stanbrook, Tait, and G. J. Jones. It was derided to adhere to the con clusion arrived at at the last conference — to try and obtain a local State Forest Commission, to consist of one -member each .to represent the boroughs of Smythesdale and of Browns and Scars- dale, one for each riding of the Shire of Grenville, one for the East Riding of Ripon, and one for the West Riding of Leighshire. A concert and entertainment in connection with the local School of Design will be held at Sebas- topol this evening, in the Mechanics' Institute. There will also be an exhibition of drawings asso- ciated with the proceedings. The building will be open for that purpose between tiie hours of two and five, and the entertainment will commence at seven. The Rev. J. Watcrhouse lias issued in print a double-sheet entitled " The Reason why I Tnsure my Life in the Australian Widows' Fund." The reverend gentleman argues very forcibly in favor of the company. Bennett Perry, aged' seven years, a son of Mr Bennett Perry, farmer, Smbalon, was taken sud denly ill on Afonday morning, and died the follow ing morning. The doctor says the symptoms were , those of English cholera. An inquest will be held to-day. A correspondent wants, the police to visit James street, White Flat, occasionally. He writes that on Tuesday a man, his wife, and two sons-residing in that locality, amused themselves knocking about a woman in a shameful manner. Our cor respondent wonders liow it was that a child be longing to the latter was not killed while the en counter lasted. The writer says the combatants are very had characters. We understand that the registrar has sent circulars to sixty-two of the local bodies ou the goldfields, asking them to make an annual donation to the School of Alines, whose income is altogether inadequate to requirements. If these public bodies were only to give £5 a year apiece, the money thus annually contributed would be found of great value to the institute, and enable the comittee to extend if u usefulness -very f-.,"— i-i.— ifel Y-. Afoney could scarcely he apptied to a better object. The future ' of mining in this colony will greatly depend upon the application of science to it, and this is exactly the void which the curriculum of the School of Mines is foamed to fill. The registrar has received the following subscrip tions towards the expense of purchasing an appa- ratus for testing pyrites, in connection with the School of Mines : — Louis Ballhausen, £2 2s; Alexander Alitian, of Elaine, £1 Is. : About two o'clock yesterday morning, Constable Smith arrested a man named James Hogan on a charge of being drunk nnd disorderly. The man was found lying in the Alain road, near the Cos mopolitan hotel, minus hat, boots, and continua tions. He had apparently fallen among a bad set, who first made him drank, and then stole his gar ments, which were said to be nearly new. As he could not be brought before the bench in a state of nudity, he was furnished with the requisites for a decent appearance by Constable English. At the Police Court later in the day he promised to be clear of the town in ten minutes if allowed to depart, and Dr Ciendianing, who presided, gave bim the opportunity. Mr J. C. Rowlands hounds will meet at the Crown hotel, Buninyong," at nine o'clock sharp to morrow morning, and will be thrown off in the neighborhood of Williamson's Creek, where some good sport is always to be fonnd. Upon the in- vitetion of hostess Selleck, the day's sport will be wound up by a dinner, to take place at tiie Crown hotel, at seven o'clock, when a purse of sovereigns will be presented to the master. Two well- known ftahitufes of Esmond street and the Chinese quarter were arrested on warrant about noon yesterday, charged with stealing the sum of £2 from the person of one Peter Johnson. They will appear at tiie Police Court this morn- fog. James Hogan, who was arrested at about two o'clock in the morning, minus some of tike prin cipal portions of his attire, and who was yesterday discharged, was again arrested last night on a charge of drunkenness. At the sitting of the Court of Alines yesterday, all the cases on the list were postponed till August. In the case of Kcast and others v D'Ahgri, his Honor Judge Rogers, in accordance with the opinion of the Chief Judge of the Court of Mines, dismissed the appeal, with L37 10s 6d. His Honor will sit in the Insolvency Court to-day. A list of tiie cases to be heard appeared in our yes terday's issue. . The programme of the Winter Steeplechase Aleeting, under the auspices of the Ballarat Turf Club, will be found published tins morning in our advertising columns. The meeting is to t»ke place on the 17th of next month, and the events com prise a Handicap Hurdle Race of 00 sovs., Han dicap Steeplechase of .100 sovs. Selling Hurdle Race of 40 sovs. Selling Steeplechase of 50 sovs, , and Scnrry Stakes of 10 sovs. Entries for the handicaps must be made on or before, the 24tli instant, to the .secretary, Air £. C Aloore, Craig's hotel. Hie night- of general entry and acceptance is the Slli July. The programme is a liberal one, and should attract good entries. .Mr WL Clarke, Ai J,: A, yesterday presented -to j the hon. the Alinistpr of Lands the resolntions recently agreed to at a meeting of free selectors at Mr Tucker's hotel, Grenville ; and urged that Mr Casey should send a reply to the conveners of the meeting, as a good deal of uncertainty seemed to exist in the minds of free selectors as to the inten- - tions of the Afiuister relative to the stringent en- foreement of the regulations. Mr Casey promised - to forward a written reply to the selectors referred 1 to. »Mr Frank Pinkcrton, of Lydiard street, has jort completed two ; twrive-quire imperial folio volumes for share registers for the Hand and Band : Company. The ruling, binding, and general " get- up" are' superior "to -anything of the kind we have seen lately. Their neatness and'correctness in the matter of the ruled columns are eveiytliing that could be desired by the most fastidious of ledger- keepers or accountants generally. Not only this, class of' books, but also any kind required, arc made to order in Mr Pinkertou's establishment. In describing the bulk of these volumes, we may mention that each one exceeds 40 lb in weight- Two other books of a similar character are now in hand for the St. George and Band Company. A young fellow named Arthur Whitburn was ; remanded at the Town Police Court yester day till next Monday, on a charge of forging, and uttering a certain document with a fraudulent intent to obtain money from James Clifford, of the Market hotel, Bridge street. The accused had forged tiie name1 of-E. -L. Watson" to an order for £1, out of which he- received 13s 6d from 'Mr Cliff ord, lie had been living in the same house as \- mate with Joseph Gbny, convicted and Mitwywl to seven years on .the. roads for perjury in giving evidence, against F Afargaret Glecson ou a charge of arson: He has already undergone a sentence of six months imprisonment for forgery, and besides the present, two other charges will be brought j against t»w of a Birailar character; one of the offences alleged to have been committed in Geelong, and the other at Elaine. The Age states that a deputation, representing the mining interest at Aforgisons, waited upon the President of the Laud Board on Tuesday, to pro test against selection being allowed on the anrifo- rons portion of tbe Morrisons goldfields common.- Mr Casey said he had not been aware that any of the land had been thus alienated, and that the matter would be remitted for the consideration of ths local land board, to meet at Meredith on the 20th proximo. At a meeting of non-commissioned officers of both corps of tbe B.V.R, held last night, for the purpose of bringing about some means of further ing the goodtellowship existing between the corps, it was agreed that a dinner should be held at tbe Camp hotel, to come off early in August ; and that a similar celebration should take place once or twice a year. The annual meeting of the Ballarat Bowling Club was held last night at the Camp hoteL There were eighteen members .present ; the president (Mr M'Cubbin) in the chair.. The treasurer's financial statement was received as duly audited, leaving a balance of £10 liabilities due by the club. The receipts for the year amounted to £72 38 9d, and expenditure to similar amount. The balance- sheets were received and adopted, after which a unanimous vote of thanks was accorded to Mr Finiayson for- his handsome presentation. The election of officers (by ballot) resulted in the appointment of Mr E. Eastwood as president ; Messrs Thomas Whitelaw and Robert Sim as vice- presidents ; Air John Whitelaw, hon. secretary ; and Air Bade, hon. treasurer; committee of management — Messrs Megson, S. Baird, H. Beard, Wain wrigll!, and Fincham. "Votes of thanks were passed to the retiring president and treasurer ; and a special vote of thanks to the retiring hon. secre tary for his very valuable services during a period of four years. The meeting brought lo a close the most successful bowling season yet held in Bal larat. As an idea is prevalent (gossips the Geelong Advertiser ) that the reduction from 4 to 3 per cent, in "the rate of interest allowed by the Government to Post Office Savings Banks Meposi- tors also -applies to the interest allowed at the original Savings Banks, it may he well to state the commissioners of these last-mentioned institu tions have not altered the rate they have been so long allowing, viz., 4 per cent. It may further be stated that depositors in Savings Banks, who are aware of the facts slated, scarcely appreciate the proposal to amalgamate the two banks, as it will involve tbe sacrifice of 1 per cent, of their present rate of interest, and a suggestion has licen made that a petition should be signed against such a course being nnrsued. The "rotten rope" controversy (says the IVaggn Wagqa JZxpress) which has been so long engaging the Victorian papers has received an additional and fearful argument at Adelong. On Tuesday last Air Henry Durham, the raining manager of the Great Victoria Company, Adelong, was -being lowered down the shaft, when the rope broke, and he fell 200 feet, and was' of course instantaneously killed. Mr Ftimsull (writes the Age) seems to be wanted at Newcastle, in New South Wales, quite as much as he is at the original Newcastle in England. During the trial of a number of seamen, for re futing to obey the commands of tbe captain of the ship Hcatherbell, it was elicited that the ship was in such a rotten condition that a leak, caused -by a rat-hole, by the captain's own confession, bad to be stopped to make it safe sailing ; while, accord ing to another witness, " one might as well be in a shower of rain as in the forecastle." And yet, because the unfortunate sailors yielded to a prudish sense of self-preservation, and still declined to go in her, they were sentenced to twelve weeks each in Alaitland GaoL Two other cases are recorded, in which the treatment dealt out to the crew of the Heathcrbell was repeated in the same court. The Alinister of Public Instruction has had under consideration for the past few days a slight hitch which occurred in connection with the recent election of a school board of advice for "Victoria and Smith Wards, in the city of Melbourne. One of the candidates was Air Coles, but from some accidental error his name was left off the ballot paper. Mr Coles, of course, feels considerably annoyed at the affair, and has had an interview ' with Mr Stephen on the subject. As yet' the Minister has not decided what course he will adopt under the circumstances. It has transpired (adds the Age) that the Education Act provides no means for convening the boards of advice after their election. This matter has also been bronght under the notice of the Alinister of -Instruction, who is considering how to meet the difficulty. The piece de resistance in the Assembly on Tues day night was the consideration of the important question whether the salary of Mr Bartrop, clerk of the peaco and registrar or the Court of Alines in Ballarat, should not he increased from £485 to £500 per annum. All the Ballarat members, of course, spoke for their man; and, equally of course, the Geelong members spoke against him. The former tried io prove tbat his juniors in the service hid been placed over his head, and the latter were of opinion that he was already overpaid. The Solicitor- General said that Air Bartrop had applied for every appointment that had presented itself as long as he could remember, and that no personal or parliamentary influence that could be brought to bear upon him would prevent him from holding tile scales fairly with ail officers in his department. Air Purves asserted that there were in Mor- nington three clerks of petty sessions whom he would back against Air Bartrop any day. Finally (concludes the Telegraph) - the item was passed- witliout amendment. The opponents of Sunday travelling (gossips the Age) are taking the initiative, and are going to try and stop the Government from running Sunday trains to Wiltiamstown and Essendon. Mr Levien, on Tuesday evening, gave notice in the Assembly that he would move, when going into committee of supply, that the Government should discontinLe running trains on Sunday. The Alelboume people have got a ghost, and the Daily Telegraph thus relates the story : — " The head of a well-known Melbourne firm sends ns tiie following narrative, everywprd of which he vouches is ' strictly true' :— On Saturday afternoon, the 14th instant, I was on my way home from business, in company with a gentleman ; the time was as nearly as possible six to ten minutes past six. _We were passing along Spring street, on the opposite tide to the Princess' Theatre, and about opposite that h folding, when I suddenly imagined that I was on the pqfot of running against some object which was crossing the footpath irom the fence to the road, and I put out my hands to pre vent striking. I observed the extraordinary ap pearance pass across my path, and, as it were, completely in the way . of my friend, who was j walking on my left hand. He instantly stopped, and also placed his hand ont in order to prevent a collision. In pure astonishment, we watched the appearance for perhaps four seconds, when it com pletely vanished. I- may add that the nearest person in front was some little distance on, and there was no person for some distance behind. Tbe appearance was of la very peculiar grey transparent nature. I could not for the life of me say the form it took. The suddenness of its appearing and disappearing, coupled with the unusual start whiclt the affair gave to both of us, would account for the want of a closer examination. On Sunday, 15th, the following day, I was passing the spot — only this time on. the top of an omnibus — when I pointed to the place, and mentioned the fact to the driver, who told me,, that .another gentleman, about a month or six weeks back, had stated that he came holt up against somebody or something at the very spot, and that he shouted out to it, 'Now then, mind where yon'recoming," when he alse was somewhat startled to see the appearance suddenly disappear." _ The Alclbonrae correspondent of the Hamilton' Spectators ays that the latest, and apparently most sincere, pervert to .Mr James Smith's new reli gion is Mr Frank "Weston, the "Wizard Oil Prince" r Frank has appeared in many strange characters during his career, but tins is surely the strangest of them all. The people of Warraamhool have a serious notion of inviting the Governor to pay them a visit, and a motion to this effect will be submitted at the next meeting of the local borough council. The Argns understands that the hfll dealing with the reform of the Legislative Council will "in all probability be presented to that Chamber in about a week after the second reading of the Electoral Act Amending Bill in the Assembly has been car ried. The Age points out that the Permissive Bill is again to be introduced into the Assembly, and, as on previous occasions, it will be taken charge of by Air Casey, who on Tuesday evening gave notice of his intention to move for leave to bring in the bill next day. The announcement was received with a chorus of " Hear, hears " and ironical cheers from all parts of the House. The Telegraph states that an amendment of the law relating to coroners is occupying the attention of tiie Crown Law Officers ; and Air Kerfcrd on Tuesday, daring the discussion of -the item on the "Estimates, said he hoped shortly to lay it before Parliament. There is hut Utile probability (remarks the Tele graph) of ihc'debate ou the second reading of the Electoral Act Amendment Bill being concluded this week. Mr Burtt resumed the discussion ou Tuesday -in the Assembly, and was followed by Messrs Williams, Farrcll, "Alacpherson, Duffv, GSlies, and Bogy. "With the- exception of the Minister of Railway, all the speakers took ohjec- tiou tp some of the features of the Government measure, but accepted it as a whole. Most of them went no further than to intimate that in committee . they -wonld endeavor to obtain amendments in the particular direction they individually desired. The hon. member for Dundas objected to the proposed increase in the number of members, and believes in the Hare scheme. Sir C. G. Duffy would also like that system, but admits that the single electorates are an attempt at representing the whole colony. The speech of Mr Gillies was directed to an ex planation of the principles of the bill from a Go vernment point of view, and tiie debate was ad journed on the motion of Air Zeal, and it is evident that is the intention of several hon. members to address the House ou the subject. We are compelled to hold over a number of letters until to-morrow, including one from Air Towers on " The Law of Alines." 