CHINESE RELIGIONS.-I. WORSHIP OF ANCESTORS. THE founders of the Chinese Empire must have been extraordinary men. No trace of barbarism is to be found in their traditions and historic monuments—civilised from the be ginning—an oasis in the desert of tho barbarism with which they were surrounded. Need we wonder, then, at a grateful posterity worship- ping the spirits of their deceased ancestors, who were what gods are supposed to be when com- pared to the savage hordes with which they were surrounded. . The law compels every man, on a certain day each year, to worship his ancestors ; but such is done by most of tho people when anything out of tho way occurs. Wealthy people have a room set apart for this worship, where offerings every day are made. These offerings are com- posed of meats, fruits, spirits, clothes, gilt paper, and incense At first, we find that the founders of tho em- pire combined with this the worship of the Su preme Ruler, to whom they made offerings on the tops of mountains, and such places as were considered the natural altars of the earth. They then considered tho Supreme Ruler as re- gulating in His divine providence all the affairs of nations and men, punishing and rewarding according to the rectitude or viciousness of their lives. DOCTRINE OF REASON AND VIRTUE Idolatry was introduced about three thou sand years ago, causing the worship of tho Su preme Ruler to fall into disuetude The philo sopher So-tze, 500 years before Christ, revised and moralised the religions then established The followers of this sect call themselves the Disciples of Reason and Virtue, which pom- pous title they take from a book of that name written by tho founder, in which he taught that men, by leading a pious and ascetic life, could compel the spirits to assist them in every action The history of that time informs us that num- bers of men resided in mountains, caverns, and other secluded places, so that, by the means of undisturbed contemplation, they could hold free intercourse with those shadowy beings, and by these means bend them to their service One of the ascetics had an image, who, through spiritual agency, struck a bell each time he sought an answer to a question Tables covered with ashes had, by an invisible hand, communi- cations written at times in Chinese, but some times in strange characters not understood, that some in a clairvoyant state gave utterance to spiritual revelations, sometimes in Chinese but at other times in unknown tongues. I make a present of these facts to my spirit-rap ping friends, and briefly commend them to the notice of the general public, as a curious in stance of how epochs tho most apart, and civi lisations tho most dissimilar, often concur in producing the same remarkable phenomena In truth, alike in science, politics, and philosophy, how often does tho deep student of history find how much more and more of truth there is in the saying of the Hebrew sage, that " there is nothing new under tho sun " The Book of Reason and Virtue proves tho author to be a true philosopher, judicious moralist, eloquent theologian, and subtle meta physician. Hence, for example, in speaking of the Creator, he says " Before the chaos which preceded the birth of tho heavens and the earth, one only Being existed, immense, silent, un movable, yet incessantly active This is tho parent of tho universe I know not how that Being is named, but I designate him by the word REASON Man has his model in the earth, the earth in the heavens the heaven in Reason itself." In another passage he speaks of tho Deity as a Triune Being, whom he calls ' The One, tho Two, the Three, who created all things. A Being ineffable and uncreated, who is tho type of the universe, and yet has no type but Himself." He regards the souls of men as but emanations from tho ethereal spirit of tho Divinity, and supposes after death that they are reunited with it, but refuses to tho wicked the faculty of re-entering tho universal Soul The rest of his philosophy breathes nothing but mildness and benevolence, and is averse only to hard hearted and violent men The priests of this sect pretend to have a great deal of power over tho spirit world, with devils in particular. Every now yeor tho war- rant goes forth, under tho sign and seal of tbo chief priest, commanding every devil to exer cise his functions in a particular district Charms are written out by tho priests every now year, in enigmatical characters, which tho people paste up on their walls in order to keep out tho devils, but as this year's imps will not be kept out by last year's charms, they are par ticularly busy every new year in writing out fresh charms for the people, who would not rest contented in their houses unless the devil was kept out by these infallible preventatives. On tho birth day of tho Emperor of the Sombre Heavens, before the door of his temple, a charcoal fire is made (about a hundred foot in diameter), in order to keep away contagion, and to triumph over the devils thoy dread, and to plcase tho gods they adore. At a given signal, the priests and a number of tho people rush barefooted across the fire, amidst the sounds of music and boisterous shoutings of the bystanders They firmly believe that if their hearts are pure the fire will not hurt them. Their hearts, however, must be very corrupt, as both priests and people get miserably burnt on every occasion. Tho Doctrine of Reason and Virtue is a sys tem of demonolatry, in which the priests pretend to have the power of casting devils out of men, banishing ghosts out of houses and districts, and commanding tho devils in the supernatural world to yield to their behests. When worship- ping, they burn incense and make offerings to tho devils, during which time they dance and rave, fire off rockets, strike tho ground and tho air with ropes and swords, uttering a series of loud yells, and acting like maniacs They man- age to live by casting horoscopes, juggling, which they call miracles, telling fortunes and predicting the future, This religion of itself is a vile imposture, and has but little hold on the minds of the people THE DOCTRINE OF THE LETTERED. This religion was established by tho sage Confucius, 550 years before Christ, and is sup ported by the State The founder was but a humble schoolmaster, and lived und died as such He did not pretend to a divine revelation, but taught a system of religio-political morality He forbore to plunge into the impenetrable arcana of nature to seek for the things that are hidden from human research, but contented himself at beginning with his time Nor did he bewilder himself in abstruse researches after the essence and attributes of the Deity, but firmly confined himself to speaking with pro found reverence of heaven as the Author of all things His system is one of positivism, know- ing nothing beyond this world—the future world to him was beyond his comprehension ; no heaven, no hell, a void which ho could not penetrate ; he worshipped no God, and sought for nothing beyond this world ; a sceptic who would not bow down to tho superstitions of his time, yet had not tho courage to attack them but in an indirect manner When asked which god was the best to worship ? he said, " Respect the gods and keep them at a distance" When asked if there were such places as heaven and hell ? he replied that he " knew nothing of either place, or aught beyond this world." When asked, If such worlds existed, how could they gain the one of rewords, and evade the one of punishments ? he replied, "Do your duty in this world, and trust to the gods for tho next " Tho doctrine of Confucius is a jumble of morals and politics. He expressly lays down the golden rule in his twenty fourth maxim thus : " Do unto all men that which ye would they should do unto you : this is tho basis of all law , know ye this, and ye need no other," and lays the foundation of moral conduct in the obedience of ministers to princes, younger to elder brethren, friends and relations. At the head of all, filial piety stands first and foremost Reverence to parents is not only required when children are young and necessarily dependent on their natural protectors, but up to tho latest period of their lives, and after that to be raised to tho rank of gods. " Without filial piety," he says, "it is of no use to seek for patriotism from the subject, fidelity from the minister, or sincerity from friends" "Filial piety," cording to him, "is the foundation of the five cardinal virtues - viz , righteousness, benevo lence, politeness, justice, and truth " This doctrine has neither priests, idols, nor temples—every man of letters can be a priest. On the first and fifteenth of each month, the civil and military authorities assemble in a pub- lic hall, called Chan-yu-tong, or Hall of Holy Edicts When tho proper time arrives, the master of ceremonies calls out aloud to all pre- sent to " file off according to their rank." This being done, they enter tho hall, where an altar is raised, offerings are made, and incense burned Over tho altar is susponded tho tablet, on which is written the edict for the day. The master of ceremonies calls out to the oldest present to lead and explain that holy edict, which he does by referring to some commonplace in their sacred books, and winds up by giving a horta- tory discourse Confuscius during his life was never known to have worshipped any god, nor did he recom mend the doing of such to any one else Since his death, nevertheless, the Chinese have deified him. There are annully sacrificed to his manes 27,000 pieces of silk, 63,200 animals, and im- mense quantities of wine, at the expense of tho state, while private individuals go to as much expense, if not more, than the state in the an- nual sacrifices. BUDDHISM. Buddha is a generic term, meaning " Supreme Intelligence " It is tho name originally given to the creative, omnipotent God, but it has since been extended to those who worshipped God, and sought to raise themselves to Him by contemplation and holiness. Whenever I have asked a Chinese, Who is Buddha ? they have immediately replied, The Saviour and Redeemer of Men.The marvellous birth of Buddha, his life and instructions, are in many respects ana- lagous to Christianity, and as this doctrine is adhered to by more than one third of the human race, it deserves more than a cursory notice Amidha Buddha, called by the Chinese O-me-to Fut, was the son of the goddess Koon- Yam She, although a virgin, conceived by divine influence, and brought into tho world a son. At tho age of ten they gave him several teachers, one of whom was a man of great knowledge and distinction. But he soon em barrassed them with questions, and begged of them to teach him all languages, an indispen- sable condition, he said, of his apostleship, which was to enlighten tho world and spread among all nations the knowledge of tho true faith. But his tutors were acquainted only with idioms of India; when he taught the chief tutor thirty foreign languages, with their pe- culiar dialects, and he soon surpassed the whole human race Renouncing all worldly vanities, he shut him- self up in his castle at Narracarra, and devoted himself to a contemplative life. His friends tried to dissuade him from such a step, but tihs did not prevent him from carrying out his in tentions, for on a horse brought him by a Ce- lestial spirit he took flight from thence into the desert, and there remained among shepherds till tho age of thirty, when he went forth on his divine mission When he came to Benares, he unfolded his doctrines, known as "Verbal In- structions." They treat exclusively of the metaphysics of creation, and tho frail and perishable nature of man. DECALOGUE—1. Not to kill 2. Not to steal. 3. To be chaste. 4. Not to bear false witness 5. Not to lie. 6 Not to swear. 7. To avoid impure words. 8. To be disinterested. 9\. Not to avenge yourself. 10. Not to be su- perstitious. JAMES M'HENLEY, Anglo-Chinese Linguist. A SnAitK s SroiiAOii -Within tho past fow months no fowo than threo sharks, two of thom of largo size, hare been captured off tho Scotch coast by fishormen Tho first caught measured 11 feet in length Its captors after making no inconsidorablo sum by exhibiting it to the curious, have presented it to the Dundee Mu seum Hore is an account of tho discoveries made whon its cvpacious maw was opened lho animal opened up to the dexterous knife of Mr James Dempster, and the curious were soon satisfied A whole ling, considerably de composed, first attracted attention, next a man's bounit was picked out, and was eagerly seized by the crowd , parts of cod and dog fish, and clean bones, with the hind duffers of a seal, nero ti'so found , and towards the close a soda water bottle corked and sealed with red wax was discovered, with a noto in it Tho moment the bottle was seen it WBB soizcd and broken to atoms, the note tokon out and read aloud to the wondering spectators Tho note, which wos in a lady's neat hand, read as follows - On boord the Boautlful Star, Sunday 1st September 1872 Wo llave crossed the Line, ami ntl s woll Last night tlio captain 9 lad) had a pretty littto boy Heaven bleu tho little stranger Rocked on the cr idle of tile deep Savolt Lord from every danger Tlio angels bright tlicir watch will keep Oh ¿emly southe lu tontlor rears, Anil so illaj a parent s fears A father s love a mother's joy. Ma) all th it 1 good attend their boy AMVKTTE GOBDOI Tho atoms of tho bottlo were carefully gathered up by the crowd, and the party who got poa scssiou of the nock and soalcd cork evidently considered that bo had secured a great prize, and ho immediately ran off with it, a portion of tho crowd following eagerly after him The fish, after tho post mortem examination, ap- peared to advantage, the inside being almost as j whito as snow, without tho slightest unpleasant odour being felt JUST SO -Jones and Brown wero talking lately of a young clergyman whoso preaching they had heard that day. " What do you think of him ?" nsked Brown. " I think," said Jones, " he did much better two years ogo." " Why, ho didn't preach then," Bald Brown. "True," said Jones, " That's what I moan." 