ADELAIDE. I Furn. Parliament was opened to-day. The Speech congratulates the people on the prosperity of the colony! promises immediate attention to immigration, a new Education Bill, measures for dealing with roads, the trans-continental railway, insolvency, the carrying out of public works (including the improvement of the harbour and increased railway facilities. The Hon. J. Milne has been elected President of the Legislative Council. Ministerial statements were made in both Houses. The Government stated that on Tuesday a week's adjournment would be asked for. Telegrams had been sent to the Government Resident at the Northern Territory, extending the time for the resumption of working a a the gold claims to the 1st September. On Sunday the Ministry will be able to state their Northern Territory policy. Concerning immigration they be telegraphed to the Agent-General in London arrange preliminaries for sending out two ahlplo of agricultural people to be here by the next harvest They proposed placing on the Supplementary estimates £5000, which with £4000 unexpended from the year would be available to meet harvest clean-. After the disposal of some formal business both Houses adjourned till Tuesday. The Read and Davidson Lectures in connection with the University Association commenced to-day. Sales of wheat took place at 5s. 8d. to is. 91, but they were not extensive. DOUBLY DANGEROUS FREAK Some is scoundrel, on thursday night last, about 9 o'clock (as the Wagga miga Ernst) attempted a shameful met' with the view of fi-ifehtcnmgtimorous passers a possessed himself of a sheet and a pair of silver named in the former, he united behind one of gets closuresbotweenDi Robinson's residence and Mrs. school the approach of some one upon whom to PT<«,£ effects of his ghostly i ment For tunately for in "so short appeared in the persons of t»o>oungwomffl»P his appearance one screamed, but was «£««"£,T, possesed to run The other, however, ^{3.,° ground, and apostrophised the ghost w'" Miss Stone in her hand that he clearly proved his featWj by declining to come too near, as the damsel saw ' hung Epmfs was not to his taste AN OLD VETERAN A correspondent of the CantabMy Times furnishes the following -late war E Cape St Vincent was fought seventy six years went Trid ty, and the only officer now able to Mnjmemoiaws Victory Captain long (now of Taranaki), was the day in 1795 He was senior lieutenant on a horse at the capture of the city of Alexandria, and in New Zealand, where he settled some men yw"» straw became retired captain in March, 1862 lhecorreaww» adds that he recently had the pleasure of seeing W King, who was then have and hearty THE TURF - Kvngciaft and Casuarina g been withdrawn from the Hawkesbury Gum0*;\,\r¿ from the Richmond Purse, and crew (lateR seem Hawkesbury engagements, 