2OTTAGE HOMES AT NORTH ADELAIDE. During tho last two years a number of benevolent ladies and gentlemen in the city have been making efforts to supply a want which has been severely felt, more esDouLillv in those nara tunes which seem happily, if temporarily, to have gone by. It must always be a painful thing for those who have lived in positions of re spectability and comfort to bo compelled by re verse of circumstances, failure of health, or, in the case of women, by the loss of thogo on ?-rhom they had depended for their livelihood, to resort to the Destitute Asylum in order to obtain shelter and food. The object of those who are establishing the 'cottage homes for the aged and infirm poor and for widows' is to provide house room for such as those, and without entirely undertaking their support to relieve them of a great deal of the anxiety which they would feel if in their straitened circumstances they wore wholly dependent upon their own exertions for their support. The scheme which has been decided upon cannot, owing to tho lack of funds.be carried out to its full extent immediately, but a good beginning will at once be made. The insti tution will be quite unsectarian, for the inmates are to be selected by tho subscribers, who will vote on a scale according to the amount of their donations, and of course the lists will bo open to all who aro charitably disposed. It is pro vided that subscribers of £100, which has been estimated as tho cost of two rooms, shall during their lifetime have the right of nominating an occupant to ono home, and this right may be vested permanently in a corporate body or con gregation on payment of a donation of £125. Archdeacon Marryat, the Hon. A. Blyth, M.P., and Mr. H. H. Walters have boon annointed fcn act as trustees until tho Society is incorpo rated. An acre of land at North Adelaide, with frontages to Stanley-street and Kingston terrace, has been purchased at a cost of £130. The property is to bo divided by a road running through the centre from east to west, and also by a thoroighfare from Stanley street to tho centre road. Tho first block will consist of five cottages at the east end of Stanley streot, of which sot it is intended to build two, of a couple of rooms each, at present, and tho second lot will consist of a similar number of houses at the west end. When these are finished there will bo a row of nine houses on Kingston-terrace. The centre one will be two storey, and will contain about seven rooms. It is intended that when erected it shall be occupied by some person who will have tho supervision of the other buildings. Glen Osmond stone will be used up to the plinth, and limestone above, with brick dressings. There will bo moulded labels over the doors and windows. At tho ends of the smaller rows there aro to be gables to break the long line of roof, with louvrea for tho purposes of ventilation. There will bo gabletsat intervals in tho block facing Kingston terrace. The plans have been drawn by Mr. D. Garlick, who has kindly returned the amount of his commission to tho Committee. Tho cost of the two cottages, which it is thought will be ready for occupation in two or throe months, will be about £290. Tho amouut actually re ceived has been £413, and as above mentioned the land cost £130. The foundation-stone of the cottages was laid on Monday, October 27, by Mrs. Musgrave. There was a large and fashionable atten dance, the gathering including ministers and ladies and gentlemen of various denominations. The service was read by the Venerable Arch deacon Marryat, and tha hymns were sung by an efficient choir, Mr. Prockter presiding at the harmonium. Mrs. Musgravo, who was accompa nied by His Excellency the Governor, Miss Musgrave, and Mr. Newbury (Aide-do-Camp), performed her part gracefully, reading the words, ' In the faith of Jesus Christ wo place this foundation-stone, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost;' and then declaring the stone to be '? truly and properly laid.' The trowel which Mrs. Musgrave used W laying the stone is a, handsome piece of workmanship, and was made by Mr. H. Stoiner. It 13 of silver, with an ebony handle. The blado is ornamented by representations of tho rose, thistle, and sham rock, and thoro are beautifully worked fern leaves at the end of the handlo. It beare tho following inscription : — ' Presonted to Mrs.' Musgrave at the laying of tho foundation-stone of the Cottago Homes for tho Aged Poor, N. Adelaide, 27th October, 1873.' A bottle con tainine copies of the Register aad Advertiser of Monday, and a scroll bearing tho subjoined information, wore deposited under the stone, which was presented by Messrs. Brown aua Thompson : — ' The foundation-stone of these cottage homes for the aged and infirm poor and widows was laid by Mrs. Musgrave on the 27th October, A.D. 1873, being the 37th year of tho reign of Her Moet Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the first year of the Governorship of His Excellency Anthony Musgrave, Esq., C.M.G., and the 37th year of the history of the colony of South Aus tralia. The members of tho Committee were Mesdames A. Blytb, Farr, Haining, Hay, Hart, Marryat, Parsons, Stuckey, J. Scott, Miss McMinn; Honorary Secretary, Mrs. Gawler; Hon. A. Blyth, Mr. R. Stuckey, Archdeacon Marryat ; Architect, Mr. D. Garlick ; Builder, Mr. G. Newman.' At the conclusion of the service, The Hon. A. Hat, M.L.C., said he Lad great pleasure, on behalf of tho Committee, uU»iank ing Mrs. Musgrave for laying the fauntlatioa gtone. Knovving how ready sho had always boen since her arrival to perform any af;t liiely to tend to the welfare of the colonists thoro was no great surprise at hor doing' such an act as this. No doubt the work was as yet on a compara tively small scale, but we were a comparatively small people, and not able to como up to tha charities of this sort in Great Britain, America, and other countries, but he trusted the begin ning which had been made would be a credit to Mrs. Musgravo, who had laid the stone, and would tend to the welfare and happiness of tho infirm and aged individuals for whom it waa intended. He had been asked to hand Mrs. Musgrave the trowel which she had used. It would be one memorial of the many good deeds which he was sure she would perform whilo among us. Mr. Hay then handed the trowel to Mrs. Musgrave. His Excellency the Goyhrnob said he wished he could have persuaded Mrs. Musgrave herself to make her acknowledgraenta for the compli ment which had been paid her. He believed Ehe could do it better than he could, for without going to the extreme length to which some, champions of women's rights went, he believed as new ideas and the spirit of tho times diffu3od themselves amongst us we should perceive that woman was the more able part of that noble animal, man. On this occasion Mrs. Musgrava preferred that he should return thanks on her behalf, and express the pleasure it gave her in being able to take part zn tho initiation of this undertaking. She wished them to feel that whilst she resided in this community she waa ' a part of it, and that whilst at tha i head she was also near the heart. sot only joining in the social pleasures and duties, bat in the Borrows and griefs of our little community. In no place where Mrs. Muegrave had lived had there been a sweater freedom from that grinding poverty which existed elsewhere, but there was here to some extent that want which existed in every commu nity among ths infirm poor and aged — those who could not dig, and to beg who were ashamed, and no task could bo more noble than to smooth their path down to the crave. The Catholic and unsectarian nature of this undertaking commended itself to Mrs. Mus grave's sympathies and enlisted her cordial co-operation. A native of her country could appreciate this help which was given without State aid, for in no country were benevolent institutiens endowed more abundantly by private contributions than in America, where the Government was tcarcely looked to to do anything which the people could do for themselves, but only that which it was better they should not undertake. Hhe saw in this institution a tribute only justly due to many of the aged and infirm who were among the pioneers— the forlorn hope who stormed the breach and conquered for us this now rich and prosperous country, who endured hardships and privations which early settlers must do, and spent their early stiength in laying deep and Btrongthe foundation of the cobny which we now occupied, who were living battered and broken far away from those who might have helped them, and perhaps without connections or children to aid them in their age and infirmity. Such as these had claims upon us which we could not disregard, and for Buch as these these asylums were intended. No one who had felt the loneli ness of desertion in a strange land would refuse to give every assistance to such a work as this. These were Mrs. Musgrave's very proper senti ments, in which he concurred, and he begged to thank them for the compliment they had paid to both Mrs. jMusgrave and himself, and for the courtesy w)^(ch had been shown them. The proceedings closed with cheers for the Qneen, Mrs. Musgravo and the ladies, and the Governor. The collections on the ground amounted to £22 7s. 2d. ? 