FESTIVAL OF SS. PETER AND PAUL. This festival was celebrated on Sunday last, June 29th, in the pro-Cathedral, with great solemnity. His Grace the Archbishop sang High Mass. This being the 39th anniversary of his consecration, the church was crowded with an attentive congregation, who were much gratified to see his Grace — now in his 79th year — ceieDramng jrontincal ±lign Mass. Assistant priest, the Very Rev. S. J. A. Sheehy, V. G. ; deacons of the Mass, the Revs. P. Birch and P. Walsh ; deacons at the Throne, Revs. B. Curr and B. Callachor, O.S.B. The vestments used at the altar and throne (the colour of the day, for martyrs, being red) were of a beautiful description. The grouping of the ministers in their vestments, with their assistants, under the able direction of the master of ceremonies (the Rev. V. Colletti), at the different parts of the Mass, presented a most imposing spectacle. The sermon was preached by the Ven. Arch deacon Rigney, who took his text from the Gospel of the day. The very rev. preacher gave a brief sketch of the missionary career of the two great apostles, SS. Peter and Paul, as related in the Acts of the Apostles by the inspired penman, St. Luke. He then directed his hearers to go in spirit to the various countries on the face of the globe, — Europe, Asia, Africa, America, Polynesia, and Australia — and there they would find that honour was done this day by the Church of God to these heroic men, who had sealed with their blood the faith of Christ, which they preached. Even in Rome to-day, he had no doubt, though it was in the hands of the enemies of religion, this festival of its great Apostles would be kept with befitting solemnity. Who, then, were these Apostles ? They were poor, simple, illiterate men. St. Peter was a poor fisherman, who chose to be crucified with his head downward, as a return for the great love shown him by his Divine Master. The other, St. Paul, was what might be called aa educated man in those days. He willingly suffered martyrdom by decapitation rather than, deny the faith of Christ — the .laws of Rome for bidding any of its citizens to be crucified. Great and unparalleled was the success of these holy men in propagating Christianity, not only in Judea, but all through Asia, and in almost every country of the (then) known world. And the crucified Jesus — 'to the Jews a stumbling block, and to the Gentiles foolishness ' — appeared evidently, as St. Paul sublimely expresses it, 'the power of God and the wisdom of God.' Nations which had never known the Roman yoke were found to yield a voluntary submission to the laws of the Gospel, through their preaching ; and already did the Kingdom of Christ, in their lifetime, though ia its infancy, spread far beyond the dominions ©£ the Casars The Church, said the ven. preacher, had a threefold object (which be described at great length) in celebrating tke lestivax oi me saints— -nrst, to give giory w vxoa for having given grace to his servants, to carry his name before the Gentiles and great ones of the earth, and for having enabled them to overcome the world, the flesh, and the devil ; secondly, to rejoice with these saints in glory, and to ask their prayers oa behalf of the Church militant ; and, thirdly, that the faithful may have an opportunity oi paying their homage to the God of L@ve, wh©' had enabled their brethren to gain the victory, that He would also grant them, out of the abun dance of His mercy, grace to follow the example of His illustrious servants, and to work onfc their salvation with fear and trembling, The venerable preacher brought a very emphatic md telling discourse to an end by exhorting his iiearers, in the language of the Apostle of the Gentiles, to stand fast in the faith — to take courage and do manfully ; that the conflict in ?which they were engaged would, in a few years at furthest, be at an end, and then, when their earthly pilgrimage was drawing to a close, they would have the satisfaction of being able to exclaim, with transports of delight: 'I have fought the good fight! I have finished my course ! I have kept the faith !' For such of them as did this a crown of justice was laid up, which the Lord, the just Judge, will render to them at that day — a blessing he sincerely wished them all, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. — The music was very efficiently rendered. 'Ecce Sacerdos' (Startler) was sung as the Archbishop was entering the church. The ??'Kyrie' and 'Gloria;' from Haydn's Mass No. 4, and ' Qui Tollis,' solo, ' were sung by Mrs. Miles. Miss Lea sang the little solo parfs in the 'Kyrie ' and ' Gloria.' 'Credo' (Weber) and Offertory, 'Deficit ? caro mea' (by Maestro Radi), were sung by Mrs. :?? Miles and Miss Collins, the ' Sanctus ' and 'Benedictus' (Hummel) and 'Agnus Dei' (Rossini) by Mrs. Miles; and ' Laudate pueri Dominum ' (Zingarselli), tenor solo, by Mi*. Skinner. The Mass was brought to a close by his Grace giving the Pontifical Benediction. His Grace was escorted to and from the church ? by about one hundred of the past and present ? officers of the Holy Guild, who were present in their regalia during the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, being accommodated with seats imme diately in front of the sanctuary. On arrival at the presbytery, after Mass, they were ushered ? into the large drawing-room, where they pre ? sented the following address to his Grace : — ' Australasian Holy Catholic Guild of SS. Mary and Joseph. ' Dilectio Dei et preximi. ' May it please your Grace, — We, the chap lain, warden, and brethren of the above confra ternity., desire, on this, the 39th anniversary of your consecration, to offer you our congratu lations, and to assure you of our profound respect for your dignity, and our filial love to you as the father and founder of our confra ternity. 'Most Rev. Father, — On this, the great festival of the illustrious Apostles, SS. Peter and Paul, ?we desire also to assure you of our unalterable attachment to the See of Peter, and, in common 'with our fellow- Catholics throughout the Avorld, pray that our loving Father in Heaven may shorten the captivity of bhe illustrious prisoner of the Vatican, our Holy Father, Pius IX. ' Venerable Father, - -We, with yourself, ear nestly desire that the first earthly wish of your heart may be fulfilled — viz , that, ere you are gathered to your fathers, you may have the happiness to celebrate the t-reat Sacrifice of the. New Law in our new Cathedral. Further, we pray that when life's toilB are o'er you may receive an incorruptible erown from the Ever lasting Lord of the Vineyard. '(Signed) Michael Joseph Dwyer, Chaplain. Edward Joseph Rubie, Warden. Philip J. Callachor, Secretary. *?' Feast of the Apostles SS. Peter and Paul, Anno Domini, 1873.' His Grace replied as follows : — ' My Dear Friends, — 1 accept with very great pleasure your address, so full of kind, and duti ful, and loyal feeling. The sentiments you de clare are such as I always expect from a society : bearing the holy names of Mary and Joseph, and I am always gratified. My hope in you is never disappointed. Outside of my clear bre thren, the clergy, and the holy inmates of our convents, your society is the one that is nearest and dearest my heart. I recognize amongst you some who, during the greater part of the long career] of my Episcopate, have ever been zeal ous co-operators with me in every good work. To your Warden I am specially thankful, since to him, under God, in a great measure, is due the present efficiency of your society. 'Very especially, too, I must thank you for your outspoken, right- Catholic words of alle giance and affection towards our Holy Father, Pope Pius IX. His heart must indeed be often wrung by knowledge of the ingratitude and wickedness of so many who should be true children of our Lord's Church — so much the more ought we in these dark days of impious violence and fra,ud, to make known before angels and men where we stand, how we are affected towards that violated throne which is to us as sacred as ever, aud, if possible, more beloved. ' Thanks, too, for jour kind prayers in which you invoke for me all temporal and eternal good things. May your prayers bring to yourselves a rich recompense ; the prosperity of your So .cietyi increase in numbers, increase in good works, and. finally, God's grace and benedic tion to yourselves individually, and to your families.' ' His Grace, after offering up a prayer for the ?eternal repose of the souls of the deceased bre tin en j then imparted his blessing to those pre .senfc. ? a 