mr. FAincrouon and mdlle.. leo rand. There was a good house at the Theatre ltoyal last evening, to welcome the first ap pearance in Australia of Mr. I'airclough and Mdlle. Eugenie Legrand, both of whom were engaged by Mr. Harwoud during his last visit to England. Ihe piece selected for the occasion was Hamlet, a play in which numerous stars have made their dibit in Melbourne with more or less success. A warm welcome was extended to Mr. Fairclongh, and the same courtesy was ex tended to Mdlle. Legrand, M r. Stuart O'Brien and Mrs. Steele. Mr. I'airclougli dresses the part plainly, in a black velvet shirt, the sleeves of which are violet slashed with black. He eschews the idea of a Maxell wig, and contents himself with wearing his own hair. The conception of the character of llamlct, as-expressed by Mr. Faivclough. is n most intelligent one. His enuncia tion is clear and distinct, marred some what it is true by too great a sus- tcusion of aoino words and a faulty ac centuation of others. A too great rolling af the letter r is also unpleasant. In contrast to these faults the modulation of his voice is effective, he possesses considerable power, and cannot be accused of ranting. The eager manner in which he spoke the words In the first act when told that his father's ghost bnd been seen— "So saw ye not his face" — was expressive, and in his scene with the ghost on the battlements lie displayed much dramatic force, the assumption of annihilation when the spirit of his father departs being well con ceived, but rather ineffectively curried out. A point was made with " Except iny life, except my life," in the second act, hut the transition from the licat of passion to the attempt to collect his thoughts, when he gives utterance to the words, " About my brains," was too sudden to be effective. In the soliloquy he adopted the reading "Take arms against a siege of troubles, In tlie chamber scene Mr. I'airclough ex celled. At the words " lay not the flatter ing nnction to thy soul," he kneels, and encircling the waist of the Queen, looks pleadingly into her eyes. A good point was made with "bad begins, but worse remains behind." In the church yard scene, Mr. FairclougU's acting was effective. The death scene was spoiled by too great a desire for hyper-drainatic effect. Mr. Fairclough lacks pathos, or at least such is the impression created by his performance last night. Mr. Fairclongh was called before the curtain after each act, aud was greeted in each successive appear ance with loud applause. It would he unfair to form an absolute opinion of Mr. Fairclongh's merits from a first performance, as when lie becomes more intimately ac quainted with liis audience new excellences may be discovered. Mademoiselle Legrand played Ophelia, and until tlie public have had further opportunities of judging of her merits, it is sufficient to say that she possesses youth mid good looks, is ladylike, speaks with anil unmistakable French accent, and was last night nervous to an oppressive degree.' Mr. Ireland played the King ill bis usual effective manner ; and Mrs. Steele, as the Queen, proved that she is a decided acquisition to tho company. Roth Mrs. Steele and Mr. Ireland wore called before the curtain. Long and continued calls were made for Sir. Harwood, who, lin fortunately, was unable to attend, as be was at the time engaged in donning ids everyday . costume. His reiideriug of tlie ghost was all that could be desired. As Polonius Mr. Stuart O'Brien was weak, and was also imperfect in the text, and Mr. Appletou, 'lis Laertes, must bestow a little more study on the part before it can lie con sidered a successful impersonation. Mr. Mtinro played Horatio fairly, and Mr. Grcvillc as the first grave digger was amusing. The costinncs, which were selected in England by Mr. Harwood, are tasteful and becoming. The piece was well mounted, new scenery having been painted by Mr. Huliniiigs. In the chamber scene a losente light was introduced with excellent 'effect. To-night Hamlet will be repeated. 