IRISH INTELLIGENCE, ARCHBISHOP MANNING. IN our issue of the 14th instant we noticed the able speech.delivered by the great popular prelate and uncompromising temperance apostle at the opening meeting of- the Sheffield Catholic Association. The Most Rev.. Henry Edward Manning. D.D., son of the late William Manning, Esq., M.P., merchant, of London, was born in 1809, and was educated at Harrow and Baliol College, Oxford, where, in the year 1830. he graduated as a Bachelor of Arts with first-class honom-s, and became a Fellow of Merton College. He was for some time one of the select preachers in the University of Oxford, and in 1834 was appointed Vicar of Lamington and Graffham,. Susfeex, 'and-in. • 1-840 Archdeacon of Chichester. TbesS preferments he -resigned on joining the Catholic Church- in,1851, in whichhe entered the priesthood; and "became Superior of the Obitates of St. Charles -Borremeo, at Bayswater. The degree of D.D. was conferred upon him at- Rome, "as were also'the offices of Provost of Westminster, Prothpnotary Apostle, and Domestic .Prelate, to. His Holiness the Pope. ' On the death of 0ardiiM# Wiseman he becameArchbisbopof Westminster:: It would be a work of supererogation to refer ait length to the' disinterested friendship always manifested by Drl Manning^for the social advancement- of Ireland and Irishmen; indeed, it might be said of the learned -anJi rev. prelate that his admiration of our people proclaims him to - be, like; the Geraldines 'of J old, " mctee*. Irish ^han-the Irish:" His Grace's efforts in piftwiofeq ihg the revival of Catholicity in England have; become, as familiar as a household word; while his piety and learning-, i pronounce hku a fitting successor to the illustrious Cardinal Wiseman. But the energies of the Archbishop of Westminster are hot solely confined to the spiritual interests of his flock. He hrts nianfuliy come forward on several occasions in the cause of the agricultural labourer, irrespective of creed or national prejudice, and fearlessly exposed his debased position in the social scale, dwelling with -no small measure of bitterness on the infidelity, squalor, and brutal ignorance in which the class referred to are hopelessly sunk. Bearing these facts in mind, it is with considerable satisfaction we furnish a sketch . pf the worthy Archbishop, from the pen of Mr. Justin"M'Carthy, who is-a member of the : Church of. England:— " The man who has aroused all " this emotion shrinks back almost' as if he were afraid of it, although it is surely hot new to him. He is a tall, tlnn personagei, some sixty-two years bf age; His face is bloodless—pale as a ghost; one > might say. He* is so thin as to look almost' cadaverous. The Outlines of the face are handsome and dignified. There is much of courtly grace' and refinement about the bearing and gestures of this pale, weak, and wasted man: He.wears a long robe of violet silk, with some kind of dark cape or collar, and has a massive gold chain round his neck, -holding attached to it; a . great, gold cross. There is a certain nervous quivering about his eyes-and lips, but otherwise he is perfectly collected and master of the occasion. His voice is thin, but wonderfully clear and penetrating. It is heard all through this- great h all—a moment ago so noisy, now so silent. ' The words fall with a slow, quiet force, like drops of water. Whatever your' opinion may, bpi you cannot choose but listen; and, -indeed, you want only to listen and see.- For- this, is the.-foremost man in the. Catholic Church of -England. This, is the •Cardinal' Grandisoh of Disraeli's 'Xiothair'^ .Dr. Henry Edward Manning,. Roman Catho-. lie Archbishop of Westminster, successor in that office. of the late Cardinal Wiseman. It is no wonder that Irishmen fire enthusiastic about. Archbishop Manning. An Englishman of Englishmen, with no drop of Irish blood in his veins, he is more Hibernian than the Hibernians themselves in his sympathies with . Ireland. A man of social position, of old family, of the highest education and the most refined instincts, he would leave the Catholic noblemen at any time to go down to his Irish teetotallers at the East end of London. He firmly believes that the saltation .'of England is yet to be accom- plished -through the influence of that religious devptipn wM®-~i§ at the bottom of the Irish nature, and which some of us call superstition. He loves his country dearly, but turns away from heir present condition of industrial prosperity to the days before the Reformation, when yet saints trod the English soil. " In England there has been no.saint since the Reformation," he said the other day, in sad, sweet" tones, to one of wholly different opinions, who listened with a mingling of amazement and reverence. No views that I have ever heard put into living bodies embodied to anything like the same extent the full claims and pretensions of Ultramontanism. It is quite wonderful to sit and listen: One cannot but be impressed by the sweetness, the thoughtfulness, the dignity, I had almost said the sanctity, of the man who j thus pours forth, with a manner full of the most tranquil conviction, Opinions which proclaim all modern progress a failure, and glorify | the Roman priest or the Irish peasant as the j true herald and repository of light, liberty, and regeneration to a sinking and degraded world. But the man himself is worthy of the profoundest interest, of study, and even of admiration. He is the spirit, the soul, the ideal of mediseval faith, embodied in the form of a living English scholar and gentleman. He represents and illustrates a movement the most, remarkable, possibly the most portentous, which has disturbed England and the English Church since the time of Wyckliffe. No one can have any real know- ledge of the influence at work in English life to day, no one can understand the history of the past twenty years, or even pretend to conjecture as to the -possibilities of the future, who has not paid some attention to the movement which has Dr. Manning for one of its most distinguished leaders, and to the position and character of Manning himself. 