THE STORY-TELLER. THE GARDENER'S DAUGHTER. BY THOMAS MILLER. (From Bow Bells.) HE was a fine, gentlemanly-looking young man who knocked at the door of the gardener's cottage. You saw, at a glance, that there was nothing like display about him; that he thought only of the business he had come upon more than his personal appearance ; and he showed his patience by not knocking again for more than a minute, for he felt sure that he had made himself heard, and drew back a yard or two from the door-step, to allow the inmates plenty of time to answer. When a fine, stout, motherly-looking woman came to the door, and invited him in, he carefully wiped his shoes, took off his hat, and accepted the chair offered him. "Oh, yes, I know your mother well," said she, in reply to the business he had come upon. " She has dealt with us ever since I was first married, and I was very sorry that we could not supply her with any bedding-out plants when she called last year. But it was a very backward season; and we lost most of our verbenas, which Mrs. Deering's so partial to ; the dozens of our calceolarias went off-in fact, nothing succeeded well but our Tom Thumbs; and we had more orders for that and Mrs. Pollock than we could supply." " Yes; it was a splendid season for the geraniums," said the young gentleman; "and mother half filled our beds with Tom Thumbs and Mrs. Pollocks, and 1 fancied the foliage of the latter looked more beautiful than the flowers." " I am so glad you like Mrs. Pollock," replied the gardener's wife, smiling plea santly at her visitor. "My daughter is striking a basketful of the beautiful cut tings now.' Perhaps you will be kind enough to take this order which you have given me to Clara ; then she will book it, and it will be sure to be attended to. You will find her in the striking-pit. My husband is out, or I would not trouble you with the order." . " It will be quitea pleasure, I do assure you,'', said the young gentleman, looking at his watch ; " and, as I have got a good half-hour to spare before' dinner, I shall be delighted to see Miss Greenwood strik ing her M». Pollocks. But will it not be letting me see too much of the secrets of your trade 1" he asked, with .a pleasant smile. ? ?, " Lace-making is more profitable than flower-growing," said Mrs. Greenwood, " and I'm not afraid of your taking our : trade away; besides, everybody who has a ! garden, like you, ought to be able to strike i a cutting. Go in and look at Clara, then you' will learn something; for she can beat her father at striking a delicate flower, like a verbena. You want no in troduction ; the name of your family is well known to us all. First door to the left. Good morning, sir-I am busy." And away went the young lace mer chant, with the written order he had brought, to find Clara. Greenwood, and see her set the geranium cuttings. " , It was a beautiful sunny morning in breezy March, and the sunshine fell so hot on. the glass-roof of the low striking pit, that Clara sat "with the door open, while busy putting her cuttings into the smooth bed of silver-sand in which they were to strike; and, in addition to the sunshine, there, was a great heat from the furnaca-pipo under the sand. But so intently was the young lady engaged in sti/xking her cuttings into the little holes she made in the white sand, she saw not heryoung visitor; and he watched her in silence for full a minute or more before he made his presence known' to -her. At' length he took up the loose label, and tapped it against an empty flower-pot, and, on the young lady half-turning her beautiful head, said, as he made her a graceful bow, "If-I am an intruder, Miss Greenwood, the blame rests on your re- l spected mother, who directed me where to find.yon; and as she was, like you, very busy, I undertook to introduce my self. I am Edmund Deering, and I have brought you an order from my mother, who is no stranger to you. May I hope that hereon may no longer remain one, as I now come from both our mothers, who are old acquaintances V' Clara blushed, the icolour of -a rose in June, as she wiped her hands on her pretty apron; for she had always to ap pear tidy, on account of answering the door; and striking cuttings in silver-sand was not so dirty a job as " potting" them, ?which was ,often the occupation of her* long, slender fingers in the busy season ; for, like the young gentleman, she never ate the. bread of idleness, as he worked hard at keeping his father's books in the large lace warehouse in the old town of Nottingham. " It is, indeed, a pleasure to become acquainted with you, for your father and mother have always been exceedingly kind to us, and we often talk of it," she said, taking the offered hand, while he retained her own in his firm, warm grasp, Jts she looked full into his' clear, hand some countenance with her dark, velvety eyes, which it was hard to tell whether they were brown or black, until you had looked well into them, when you saw the warm brown prevailed, matching the co lour of her silky and shining hair. She was about to say something of his father's kindness in getting them many wealthy customers when a severe hailstorm broke nearly all the " lights" over her father's greenhouses. But she remembered that she was then but a very little girl, and that the young. gentleman before her would be but a boy. Besides, he Ipoked at her so earnestly, that she felt her face burning beneath his overpowering gaze, for he was thinking the gardener's daugh ter had the most loveable face he had .rer looked upon. After some further conversation, he asked her many questions about the cut tings i and Clara took some out of the heated sand, that had only been in .three or four days, and had already sent out a few of those small white thread-like fibres which would form the future root. Others she showed him more in advance, that were nearly ready to be placed in small pots, though the piots would require to Btand 'in heated soil over the furnace pipes ; for so Nature works in her great laboratory, whether in'field or garden, in her great forcing-house, the earth, whose branch-pipes are the beamB spread ing from that capacious furnace the sun. Clara showed him all-the green-houses, where there was a pleasant perfume from the forced mignonette, which, though so early, was in flower, while many of the geraniums were showing for bloom; and, through picking him a forward blossom here and there, she was able to present him with a small bouquet, though the chill ing lips of March were not yet warmed by the full breathing of spring. The parting was warm on both sides, for both felt refreshed from the visit. It was so different to him from wading wearily through his father's accounts; so different to her from sitting alone in the hot otrik ing-pit, nmTring holes in the silver-Band, and sticking in the little cuttings in regu lar lines. She sadly missed Mb cheerful conversation when she again resumed her labour. Meantime, Edmund's conversation over the dinner-table was his visit to the nur sery, for he knew it would amuse and interest his father and mother ; and he dwelt upon the occupation of Clara, and spoke highly of her industry and the plea sure she found in assisting her father. His sister-a proud, consequential young lady-listened to him with a con temptuous air, as she now and then picked a grape or two from the little bunch on her plate, and took small sips of sherry from her glass; for she had not long re turned from an expensive boarding-school, and that was why her unfashionable mo ther had added something like a dessert as a finish to their otherwise plain and homely dinner; for the merchant, though wealthy, was a gentleman of simple ha bits, as most sensible Englishmen are who have made fortunes by their own industry, and still strive to train their children in their own homely ways, that they may not wholly forget the means by which they have become ladies and gentlemen. Miss Susan-who hated the plain name, which was borne by her good mother, and also by her grandmother-at last said, " Is that the farm-yard beauty you shook hands with, mother, by the florist's shop in the market-place the other day? I think you accosted her as Clara." "I wish you'd a little more of her farm-yard beauty, Susan, as you call her clear, healthy complexion, obtained "by fresh air and useful exercise," replied her mother. "You don't stir about enough to keep you in health, my dear. There are scores of things a young lady may do, not unbecoming her position, that she would be all the better for. There were not so many pale faces among the young ladieB as there are now when I was a girL We took a pride then in the beautiful flowers we knew how to manage, and it was considered a lady like occupation." " I don't think, with all your school training in what is called graceful action, as I have seen it rehearsed among your companions, my dear sister, I ever saw anything like the natural and unstudied grace which Miss Greenwood displayed this morning," said Edmund, " when she held up the pots containing some of her father's rare flowers, which, had they been the choicest caskets, she could not have held up more gracefully. I am more than ever convinced that there is f a grace beyond the reach of artand that young lady showed it in every unstudied movement she made while I was with her in the green-house." "Oh, fie, Edmund! what would Miss Heme say if she heard you ? And our governess said she had the most perfect deportment of any young lady she ever knew," replied his sister. "If this young lady handed round and held up the flower-pots so gracefully as you say, de pend upon it she has had some practice, as we were taught at school how to de liver a book or pick up a handkerchief properly." Mr. Deeringlaughed and said, "I can picture the young lady practising before an assembly of flower-pots in my old friend's greenhouse. It reminds me that, during one of my visits to London, I went with a gentleman to see his daughters at a fashionable boarding-school in the suburbs. The gate, by some accident, was open, and we walked round to the back of the large mansion unannounced, just in time to see the young ladies prac tising fashionable politeness and carriage compliments, as the/ passed in and out of an empty carriage that was stationed for the purpose of such practice at the great hooded doorway, with its flight of steps before the lawn. I know we laughed heartily at a little French lady, who was mistress of the ceremonies. But come, my boy, I saw two or three letters lying on your desk as I-came out, and they may require answering by this evening's mail." " And I shall want Edmund to take me to Mr. Greenwood's nursery some fine morning next week when you can spare him," said the merchant's wife; "and you can walk with us, Susan, my dear, and judge for yourself if the unassum ing gardener's daughter, with her grace ful," natural deportment, comes any way near your-carefully trained Miss Heme." Both father and son then left for the counting-house of the great manufactory, to wind up the business of the day. Returning to the gardener's daughter, who had continued her work some hours without cessation-as her father was later than was anticipated, and she knew how anxious he was to get the cuttings potted as soon as possible. Her mother noticed her changed look when she came in to tea, 'and- said, " Are you not well, my dear? You must not stay in that close cutting-pit so long together. Father says a couple of hours at a stretch is as much as he can Btand in comfort over those hot furnace pipes, and the sun comes down with great power upon the sloping lights, though it's only March." " I have had the sun upon my head all day, dear mother," Bhe replied; " and the glass is so much nearer to where I sat to what it is in the loftier greenhouses ; and I thought it was time those cuttings were struck, as they've been lying ready these three days, and I know father wants to get his verbenas in as soon as there is room for them." " You're a dear, thoughtful girl," said the mother; " and, as I tell father, I don't know what he would do without you. But I'll pour out a cup of tea for you; it's been making this half-hour or more. And what do you think of young Deering ? He'd a pretty good stay with you; I saw him leave." " He seems a very social young gentle man, and doesn't offend by putting on those stuck-up airs which so many do who are up a bit ' in the world," replied Clara, without raising her eyes, while a warm flush passed over her face. "He made himself very agreeable, audi like him very much." "He has everybody's good word," she answered, as she poured out the tea, "and his mother believes there never was such a dutiful son as heiB. I tell her, I'll match you for doing your duty ; and she says you ought to go together then, for she's a taking lady, and has almost as many homely ways of her own as we have. I knew her before you were born. Mr. Edmund's about two years older than you; his sister, just near upon your age-and a regular doll she is, her mother says, and can do nothing." . "I don't suppose much is required of her," was the reply. " It is not the case with her brother, for he tells me he sticks very close to his books, as his father trusts everything to him. When I entered his order, he spoke highly of my writing, and said it; made him feel ashamed, of hu own penmanship ; and that I should make a capital confidential clerk for some young merchant who took me into partnership for life." e "I wish it may be your happy lot to meet with such a partner," said the mo ther, sighing; " but the sons of wealthy merchants don't go into partnership with hardworking gardeners. Their ways are not our ways, my dear;" saying which, she arose from the tea-table, and left Clara, who was seated in her fa ther's arm-chair, in a pleasant meditative mood. Somehow, or in some way, Edmund Deering had made such a favourable im pression on Clara as no one had ever made before, though many had tried to win her, and among them the sons of emi nent gardeners and young nurserymen, who, in visiting her father's grounds on business, had been struck by her exces sive beauty, and some of whose families were rich, and had asked Mr. Greenwood what he intended making of his handsome daughter. But generally speaking, though they were all you would expect to find in "sons of the soil"-plain, honest young men, but of the " earth, earthly"-for there was a something in their nature which did not assimilate with her own ; as some flowers can only flourish on a fine, peculiar soil, and droop and fade on any other. Somehow, she had suddenly felt that Edmund's was a nature congenial to her own ; that there was an indescrib able leaning towards each other, which in all ages and nations has been called Love, though it has not been always found to be an everlasting flower that bore so sweet a name. Edmund's mother and sister paid the promised visit, and Miss Susan acknow- , ledged that there was something about | Clara veiy different from the generality of young ladies she had ever been ac quainted with, and said, "What is it, mother, that makes her so amiable ?" " Caring so much for others, and think ing so little of herself," replied the mo ther. '' Clara is possessed of that retiring nature, that she has only to fall back on herself to find what is right on any emer gency, her mind is so beautifully regu lated. Her mother says she never wanted telling what to do ; she always found out what was her duty, and did it. Her fa ther is anything but a strong man, and often in the coldest night in winter, when all the plants would very probably have perished, without great care, she would go out and light the greenhouse fires, and draw matting over the frames to prevent the glass from becoming thickly cased with ice, leaving her father by the comfortable hearth, when he. was not well, and not saying a word of what she was going to do until she had done it. The same with everything, and everybody; for there iB something BO naturally refined in her na ture, that it seems to act on everything she approaches." "But she must, naturally, be. very strong, mother, to do such things," said Susan, " which seem only fit for men." " Excepting where greater strength is required," answered the mother, " there are hundreds of things that women can do as well as men; and many, better. But in a labour of love, women ought al ways to take the lead-it is in our nature. And I am sure Clara feels this, and does things, when her father is ill, which her duty prompts her to do, and which she knows he would not be pleased at seeing her do were he well. These are the fine lights and shades which give such perfect beauty to character, and which were of tener seen when I was a girl than they are now." And the lively old lady murmured a few lines of that splendid old English ballad, which says *' The love that from beauty Is drawn By kiodneis you ought to improve; Soft looks and gay smiles are the dawn, Fruition's the Eunshin* of love." \- The mother's remarks were not lost on Susan, and she recalled many hints of Miss Heme's character which were not in her favour-such as always getting some one to hand and fetch her everything , which would .save her the trouble of leav ing the room, or even moving out of her chair ; and she thought if she gave so much trouble now, what would she not do if ever she were Edmund's wife?-a thing not unlikely to take place, unless he changed his mind, though she knew per fectly well it would never meet with the approval of her mother; and she thought Miss Heme knew it, too. Edmund Deering had seen Clara seve ral times, and his frequent visits to the gardener's daughter were at last talked about and remarked by the proud Miss Heme; though there was no actual en gagement between them, and the young lady had long disliked his mother's con duct towards her. In fact, she had long admired a young gentleman as shallow and as fond of outward display as herself, for nothing was so pleasant to her as flat tery ; and had she lived a few years back, and gone to that polite school where they were taught to " compliment" in the empty carriage, would have been one of the French lady's most perfect pupils. She told Susan that " Edmund had not half nonsense enough in him to please her that she hated always to be listening to sense ; and that hanging on his arm was like walking with a book in her hand." The estrangement met with the full ap proval of Edmund's mother; and as her husband only studied his son's future happiness, he did not interfere, though she would be the possessor of many thou sands when of age. A few choice cuttings had been pro mised Clara's father by a gardener at Wilford, which he had to send for ; and her mother came to remind her of the er rand while she was walking with Edmund in the garden. " It is a beautiful day," said the mother; " and if we have tea a little earlier, you will have plenty of time to get back before ilark; and there are few pleasanter walks about Nottingham than over the meadows, and acrosB the feriy, though the acres of crocuses are nearly all out of flower." " I will go with you," said Edmund, turning to Clara, " if you will accept of my company, for it iB one of my favourite walks, and used to be much frequented by my mother and father in their younger days. But I have heard the wild violets are not. half so plentiful in Clifton Grove as they were in former years." " Mother and I filled a flower-basket with them last spring, when we went to see a friend at Clifton," said Clara; " and our greenhouse, when it is filled with heliotrope and mignonette, never sent out such a delicious smeli as that which filled the air at the hall end of the grove ; and there were hive-bees humming among the violets by hundreds; but we shall not have time to go so far as that, I fear. I wish we had, for the purple violets are still in flower." " We shall have plenty of time," said Edmund, " if we start now, and can have tea when we return to that picturesque parlour at the old ferry-house, where I have often taken my mother and sister. Father does not expect me back until night, for I thought of taking a row, and my boat is moored at Wilford. We shall : have time to row up to the grove, and I i will send for your cuttings, and they will be at the ferry bouse where w# shall bare tea, and bring back some of your favour ite sweet violets with us." Clara turned to her mother, and she read the question her daughter would have asked in her eyes, and kissed her, as she said, in alow voice, " Yes, my dear: his mother quite approved of your keep ing company, and I would trust you any where with him. You will take great care of her on the water," she said, aloud. His handsome face flushed as he dropped his gaze on Clara's sweet countenance, and gave her a look so full of affection, that she felt she had found a place in his heart where she might for ever rest securely, while she had given him her love unasked at their first interview, for never had fewer words been exchanged between two lovors who so thoroughly understood one another as they did. They were fortunate to meet with a newly-married young gentleman, who was about taking his wife for a drive round the forest that fine afternoon ; and as he was a friend of Edmund's, he drew bis horse round, and gladly consented to take them as far as Wilford Ferry, and then go back by way of the park. The ferryman soon had Edmund's boat drawn out, and promised to bring the rare cuttings to the ferry-house; and away the young man and maiden went over the sunny river, under the shadow of those fine overhang ing trees which figure in so many pictures. They landed beside the grove, and climbed that steep ascent where the false, fair maid of Clifton was dragged down by the ghost of her vindictive lover many long years ago, as is recorded in the well-known ballad. It was a hard pull up that steep hill side which overlooks the beautiful river ; but Clara was young and strong, and needed but little assistance, and the young gentleman could not help thinking how many rests she would have wanted, and what pulling and hauling he would have had, to have got Miss Heme to where those sweet wild violets grew, in many a spreading bed, among the fallen leaves, at the summit of the hilly grove. But they were rewarded for all their toil, and sat down to rest on a broad bed of violets, which was sweeter than any prepared per fume, for it not only scented the air around, but offered up its sweetness to heaven ; and the birds lingered to sing in the tall tree- tops, and spread it wider by the flapping of their little wings as they flew to aud fro ; while the ever busy bees, golden belted, made a loud buzzing in the aromatic turf. Never were two lovers seated in a sweeter nest in the green vale of Arcady, nor did the bees of Hybla fill the air with softer murmur than that which added to the drowsiness of the perfumed air that breathed bo gently around fiem. There was no need to tell Clara how he loved her; she felt it in the arm that encircled her waist, above which her heart beat like a bird struggling to escape ios nest, and longing to fill the wide air with the song it was unable to contain. "These are sweet moments, Clara," he Baid, pressing her sweet, yielding lips; " and our love would not be so sanctified in my mother's drawing-room, for here we are face to face with nature, and feel that we are closer to the presence of our Crea tor than we should in any shelter that man could build. You must feel this, darling, so much as you are among the flowers." "I always feel that God is near to where they grow," she softly answered, with half-closed eyes, as she rested on him, and he looked down on her beautiful face, pillowed on his broad chest; " and sometimes, when I look on my dwarf forest of cuttings, I think they would never shoot up silently, as they do, into tall and beautiful flowers, were it not for some invisible hand ever at work. I had that feeling when only a little girl, and used to fancy that the bees and butterflies, which flew in and out of our greenhouses, brought them their gaudy colours. It | must be an evil heart that can attend to the cultivation of beautiful flowers, with out feeling that He who walked in the Garden of Eden with His angels, ' in the cool of the day,' is still present among them." Eden and the angels revived Edmund's memory of Milton, of whom he was a great reader; and while Clara thus leant upon him, as they reclined on their beautiful carpet, embroidered with breathing vio lets, he repeated many scraps of the gar den scenery from "ParadiseLost," which he had committed to memory, and was delighted to find that what he had for gotten she remembered, having made the immortal poet's work her constant com panion in the silence of the greenhouse. It was this solitude that had given such a polish to her mind ; for beautiful thoughts cannot pass over it without acting like fine files on metal, that wear away the coarser furrows. They rowed back to Wilford in the evening sunset, on a river of molten gold, so richly was the water steeped in the glorious colouring that spread all about the sky; and great was their delight, on entering the real country parlour of the old ferry-house, to see the best china set out, and Mrs. Deering waiting their ar rival to tea; for some one who had crossed the river had carried tidings to her of the whereabouts of her beloved son and Clara Greenwood. When they told her what a delightful seat they had found, among a bed of violets at the top of the grove, the tears filled the old lady's eyes, as she said, " It must have been the very spot where your father and I always rested, in our court ing days ; for Clifton Grove was then our favourite walk, and abounded in night ingales." She then enquired if they sat near a tree, growing double from one low stem, that faced Nottingham Castle. " We did," answered Edmund, " and I lifted Clara into it; for I had heard the tree mentioned as the Lovers' Chair; and, as we love one another, I thought no one Tiad a better right to be seated there." " I was lifted in it when I was about your age, my dear, by my husband," she said, rising and kissing Clara; " though I was never half so handsome as you are. May you live as happily with my Edmund as I have done with his father; then he will bless the day he married a Gardener's Daughter." And the fond mother's wish was fully realised. 