THE STORY-TELLER. MY WII)DOW. Jones advised me not to - marry her -he said she was.too young and p etty. Farnum advised me to be old bache lor-told me a man past forty simply made a fool of himself by matrimony. Tewksbury-a man who is notorious for, never minding his.own business told me she had had a love affair with Harry Birmingham. Allen shook his head, and said Clara Myers might be very pretty, but he liked somebody more maturer and settled. (N.B. He married his housekeeper next week, and she is mature enough for Methuselah himself). Everybody thought I was trying a dangerous experiment: but I did'nt pretend to'suit everybody, so I simply sulted myself. I .went quietly to church with Clara Myeirs, and mar ried her one glorious .Tanuiry morn mng, when the old St. Paul's was fringed with glittering icicles, and the brisk wind was freighted with the par ticles of flying snow, like a battalion of diamonds on a double quick. She was nineteen I and about nine and thirty. She was as beautiful as a rose bud, with a shy, pretty way, like a timid child, and I am rough old codger, sound enough at heart, but like a winter apple, unpromising on the exterior. In short, we are as unlike as May and November, and the good natured world shook its head, .and said; " No good could come of such an unequal match." But she said she loved me, and I believed her. ;Nob&jdrcould; look into Olara'e blhiyee iind ndt?n ' lieve her, you see. And the next dayI mrade a will and bequeathed all mytproperty,, uncondi tionally, to my wife. " Are you sure you are doing a wise thing, Mr. Folliott ?" said Mardyn, the lawyer, pushing his bluo'spectacles upon his forehead, until he looked like a bald old gnome, with a double pair of eyes. "You see she is very much younger than yourself, and-" " Please to be so kind as to mind your own business," said I, brusquely." " D)on't be offended, Mardyn, but really people seem to siuppose I am not able to attend to my own affairs;' " Just as you please,"' said Mardyn, in a rage. "I am a more tdol in:your hands." "That's it exactly." o .Io signed the.will and went home to Clara. " Oh, Paul, you must not die!'! said Olari, with i sacred look, uhe'n I told her what Ihad. done.. " Nobody ever loved me as truly and generously a-ynu have done, and :I don't know what:I should do if :you were taken away. ' '!" There was young Birrmingham,-if all report were true-" Imischievously began,: but the curl on Clara's lip stopped me.. " A mere butterfly," she said haughtily " without brains or princi pie.- Paul, Paul, I have found a shel ter in your true, loving heart, and I mean to nestle there always !" And then she cried- this foolish, eoft-hearted little wife of mine. Jones and Tewksbury might have called this policy. Farnum would have said it was acting. Bat it was very pleasant, and I felt more than ever like a man who has found some pre cious jewel, and wears it, like an amu let on his breast. So things went on until the firm of which I was managing partner, needed to send some one to Calcutta to see after some scoundrel of an agent, who had absconded with more money than we could well afford to lose. Morrison was old and feeble, Hewitt's wife was very ill, so I was the one to go. I kissed Claraa good-bye ascheierfiillyas I-could, fully expecting to be back in three months or so. I had to follow the agent up into the mountains of India, I fell ill of one of those burning climate fevers in the bungalow of an old native priest, and the. time flew by until it was more than a year before I found myself on the deck of the " Blue-eyed Mary," steaming into harbor. \--And all thJistime_ Clara had never heard a'word from me. I had written to her to prepare hor self for whet seemed almost like my rising from the bed, but I had after wards found my letters in the pocket of the neglect ful native servant who had undertaken to deliver the mails to the Calcutta office. " But it don't matter so much now,", I thought, "she will :be the more delighted, poor little girl !" And then a cold-chill seemed to creep through my veins, like Novem her's wind suddenly beating across a bed of flowers. Clarahad head nothing of me for nearly fifteeAn months. What might not have happened in that time? What Tewksbury, and Jones, and Allen, and all the other prophetic ravens of my acquaintance had said, recurred to my mind like the burden of an uneasy dream. I had been count ing the days, the very minutes, until we should touch a port; but now that my feet rang once more upon the pave ments of my native city, I actually dared not go home. I turned into a restaurant, where I had been wont to go in the days of my bachelorhood, and slnnk in the dark corner-the twilight was just falling and I was sheltered by the partition. Hush! That was Tewksbury's voice, harsh and jarring, as of old. " Just what might have been expeo ted," said Tewksbury. " Pretty and young widows don't go begging in this market." "Folliott might have known it," growled old Farnum. '" Poor Folliott ! There was somegood points about him too. Sad thing that-very sad thing!" " We must all die," said Tewksbury. gravely. "Yes, but a fellow would naturally ,prefer dying in his bed to being carried off by an East Indian fever and buried in thle jungleg." I shuddered. Had I then come home to my own funeral, as it were? "And she's going to marry young Birminrham after all," added Farnum. The paper dropped from my hand. '.I could have told Folliott so whPn I found out what a confounded idiotic will he made." said tewksbury, " So gold has fallen again ; just like my luck; I sold out. to night." I stayed to hear no more, but stag gered out in the darkness, with the idea whirling through my dizzy brain that my Clara was mine no longer ! It was unquestionable, what Tewks bury.had.said; I might have antici pated some such end. She was too young, too lovely fir such a rough old fellow as I was. My widow-what a curious sensation the words gave me as 1 mentally pronounced them. Under my own windows, with the ruby-red light shining through wine colored damask curtains, I stood, feel ing as Rip Van Winkle must have felt in the play-like a dead man walking on the earth once more. Voices and lights were within. I opened the doox solftly and crept into the hall. The drawing.room door was ajar. Clara herself stood before the fire in deep black robes, with a frill of black crape on her' auburn gold tresses-.... the awfthl sign and symbol-of her *idowiood. Directl y opposite setood Harry Birmingham, looking diaboli-. cally young and.handsome in the soft light. . ,, Olara, Clara!" he cried " you surely'are not in earnest. You will recofsider ?". " My answer is final," sherosponded. "The time might once have been when .I fancied'I had a chiidish liking for you, Harry Birmingham, but that time has long since passed away, I gave my heart to the noblest man that ever breathed. Paul Folliott-and in his grave it is for ever buried. I loved hiin once;.I shall love him on into eternity. Inever was half worthy of him, but-?" . And Clara's voice was choked with sobs M ''-.love, my darling--my own precious wife ! i How I ever got into the room-how I maniaged to make Clara comprehend that' I wasnmy own living self, and not 'a ghost that had arisen from the shadow of the sepulchre 1 cannot' tell this day-neither can she-but,I know that young Birmingham somehow dis appeared, and I was standing with Clara clapsedto my breast, the hap plest man that ever breathed God's blessed air For .Jones, Tewkebury, Farnum, and Co., were all wri;ong, .and to use the words of the orthodox aiestories, slightly paraphrased,,I:and'my widow " hlived happy ever afterwards." 