ICHIABOD. SHADE OF MBACKIE SORROWING. If saints in bliss are privileged to know The common doings of our race below, And that their disembodied souls rejoice, O'er sinners when of good they make a choice, It is quite reasonable to suppose That they feel sad to see old friends 'mong those Who Isoner with their seihkl the scorners chair, Their fellow-man's good name to rend and tear.u If gentle Machkie's ghost had hovered near To view thie Templars' lodge hlie helped to rear, At the last gatnering in our fam'd PFrahran, He'd tliink his proteges took to the can Of beer-for none could have a shade of doubt Who heard the jangling rattle, din, and shout That there had met as wild a mob of sinners As ever drained the alejug at their dinners. His sense of outrago done by men'misled Would cause hIim shed such tears as angels shed O'er fallen nature, in tihe last embrace . Of liquored luhist that bars the door of grace. The ribald jest and Bacclanalian song Far in the night the revbls did prolong, 'Twould make o'dn sceptics think 'twas not Bohes a That backed theo cournge of thie mighty sloroe Where private character was stigmatised, But liquid of more pith and unbaptised Boyond what's called eleven over proof So loud rang squalls through rafter and through roof .-. ... . , Which by this temperate rout wero'oft encored Tlllcosfimmon-deoftiywao quite igiiofbtlf.?"' ". In ancient days tile pillory and stocks Would.claim acquaintanceship with Mlister Cox For givinig tongoe and voice to lntht vile diction Whose real author merits crucifixion. And as if this display were not enough, As weekly news, was published thie base stuff, Insipidbalderdash of frothly rhyme, But stingless, though it showed thle sorpent'solime. As day had dawned upon the dismal night Good Hlackio's shade has upward taken flight, Quite sad to know that under Hleaven's ban Were placed tile Total Teafolk of Praman. rTEraPEnrUs. [Some lines have been omitted from the above, which the writer could surely never :have expected us to publish. Thie whole poem is in bad taste, but the rejected portion would, had it ap peared, have brought discredit on us as owell as the writer. Indeed, iwe should not; have inserted it at all, excepton the principle of fair play; and hope that the letter of Mr. Swinborn in this number will settle thle maltter.--En. Tele.] 