NOTES OF A VISIT TO THE CLARENCE RIVER DISTRICT. [BY THE REV> DR> LANG.] May 12 1873. - Having been requested, for some time past, to visit the Clarence River District, on clerical business, I took my passage for Grafton by the Agnes Irving steamship on the 12th May, and ar- rived at Grafton, after a splendid passage, in the after- noon of Wednesday, the 14th. I had been much con- nected in various ways with the Clarence River district as well as with that of the Richmond River from an early period in thc history of the settlement of that part of tho territory; having sent a minister to Grafton as early as the year 1850, whoso wife and two children having died there shortly thereafter (pro- bably from malaria from tho swamps on tho south side of the river, where he had been residing) he had to retire from his post in 1852. I had also been in- strumental in sending a second minister to the same locality, the Rev. Hubert Miller, A.M., previously a Presbyterian missionary at Bombay, who died in Grafton in 1855. The third minister whom I had been the means of settling on tho Clarence and Richmond Rivers, the Rev. James Collins, died at Grafton of old age and infirmity, in tho year 1864. My first visit to the Clarence River had been made in tho year 1857, when I crossed over to Brisbane on horseback, and was lost for two nights in the bush. My last visit, pre- vious to tho present, was in the year 1865, eight years ago, when I was instrumental in settling the Rev. John Thom, A.M., on the Richmond River, who was unfortunately drowned there in 1860. I was thcrefore not a little surprised as well as gratified to find that on entering the river, Captain Greer, of the Agnes Irving, had caused his ship to be dressed out with flags in honor of my visit, as if I had been a person of distinc- tion. Thc schoolmaster, also, of Ulmarra, one of the promising settlements on tho River, had got a pole erected with a whole string of flags on the river bank, while his numerous pupils were all ranged in a line beside it, to cheer us as we passed. And during the evening of my arrival an old resident of Grafton to whom 1 had been long known, did me the honor to make a display of fireworks in front of my temporary residence in that good town. Such a reception was, I confess, not loss gratifying than it was unexpected. There has been wonderful material progress made on the Clarence River during thc past eight years. The whole of the available land on both sides of the main river, as well as on its various arms, islands, and tributaries, ls now in the hands of resident proprie- tors - each for the most part holding a moderate ex- tent of land, and cultivating it themselves with their families. But the very remarkable change that has taken place on the Clarence River during tho last few years is the almost universal transformation of the growers of maize on its rich alluvial banks into growers of sugar-cane and producers of sugar. For the growth of the sugar-cane and the production of sugar the soil and climate of the Clarence River are admirably adapted, and from what is now in progress there can be no doubt that sugar will henceforth be the grand staplo product of the district. Already there are three largo sugar mills, worked by steam machinery; erected or in progress of erection, on different parts of the river, by tho Colonial Sugar Refining Company, of which Mr. Knox is tho principal member ; the cost of these three mills being estimated at from £150,000 to £200,000. The Company contracts with thc planters - to give them their West Indian designation - to pay them 10s. a ton for their canes when ready for cutting, also to cut them down for the growers, and to pay them a shilling a ton for carting them to the river, where the Company's steam droghers receive them in punts, which they tow to tho different mills. If the planter cuts the cane himself, the Company pay him three shillings per ton, independently of the payment for cartage to the river. The Company's contract with the planters is for three, five, or seven years, as it may be agreed on ; and there is cane sufficient in the sur- rounding localities to keep all the throe mills working during tho season night and day. The cane is not for cutting till the close of the second year ; the produce in good two-year-old cane being from 50 to 60 tons per acre. It is cut as near the ground as possible, as the saccharine matter ls more abundant near the root of tho plant. When cut, the cane sends forth new shoots or ratoons ; the produce from ratoon canes being from 30 to 10 tons per acre. The canes are planted, on an average, six foot asun- der both ways. They must be kept clean from weeds for slx month from planting. The cleaning of the cane is performed by a man and a horse, with an imple- ment called a scuffler, which traverses the cane-field, cutting the weeds in both directions. Tho cane at the end of the six months covers the ground and kills or chokes the weeds. The Company employs an inspector, to see that the canes on the properties under contract to them are properly cultivated and when he is satisfied, the company advances £3 per acre at the end of the first six months, and other £3 at the end of twelve. The four descriptions of cane grown on the Clarence River aro the Ribbon variety, the Bourbon, the Light Purple, and the China or Tahitian. Tho Bourbon variety grow« fastest, but produces less saccharine matter than tho other varieties, and what it does pro- duce is of a more watery character. Tho China or Tahitian variety is of a woody and hard nature, and may be cut every year from planting, but it is not so profitable. On the whole the Ribbon variety appears to be tho fittest and the most acceptable for the Clarence River planter. Some of the growers find it more profitable to have mills of their own than to bind themselves to the Company, and there is a considerable difference of opinion on the subject among those concerned. Such a system as that of having small mills would subject the planters to much additional labour ; and skill in managing the manufacture of thc sugar, which is a delicate chemical process, might not always be avail- able for the small planter. But time will soon decide this controversy; for if it should appear, as is alleged, that the Company does not glve the planter the proper value for his produce, the Company will either have to increase their payments to the planter or be driven off the field. Mr. Alexander Cameron, J.P., of Rocky Mouth or Maclean, one of the settlements on tho river, having been three years on a sugar plantation in tho Island of Trinidad in thc West Indies, and afterwards for seven years on sugar plantations in Louisiana in the United States, informs me that the cane on the Clarence River is superior both in size and in quality to those of both of these localities. The Australian planters were neces- sarily ignorant at first as to how the cane should be cut, and what implement should be used for the pur- pose, some of them actually using spades in the pro- cess. Mr. Cameron showed them the form of tho knife used, for the purpose in Lousiana, and ordered a sup- ply of such knives from Connecticut, in the United States, where they are manufactured, for the American planters, of the finest steel. Mr. Cameron also thinks that as the vegetation in Louisiana is stopped for three months every year by the winter frosts, while the Clarence River winter, which is much milder, and the stoppage of vegetation is only of two months' dura- tion, the Australian planter isa morn favourably situ- ated for the cultivation of the sugar cane than the American. lt is generally believed that the cane grown near the sea, and especially on Palmer's Island, which is close to the month of the river, is both more productive- tive and richer in saccharine matter than that grown inland, but the manager of one of the company's sugar mills maintains that this is not the fact, and that the cane grown on Carr's Creek, a mile or two above Grafton, is superior in both of those qualities to any other grown on th« Clarence River. The Belmore Mill - a local speculation - which was the first attempted on the river, unfortunately proved a failure, probably from inacquaintance with the pro- cesses necessary for success, and perhaps also from mismanagement. The Grafton and Carr's Creek Com- pany is another of a local character, which I was told is likely to succeed. The produce of maize, which has hitherto been the principal produce of the district, when grown on good land, is from sixty to eighty bushels an acre; the average produce being sixty bushels. Work on the cane-field must be kept up for six months from planting. In maize cultivation the land must be ploughed every year, and kept clean of weeds the labor being pretty much the same in either branch of cultivation. The price of maize, for two years past has been as low as elevenpence a bushel, to the great loss and ruin of the farmers who were obliged to sell at that rate. It is now selling on the river at half-a- crown, and has been as high in Sydney as 3s. 4d. or 3s. 6d. a bushel. This would bo deemed a noble return for the Clarence River farmer. Not a few of them however, had sold their produce before the high prices were realized. The late rise in price is said to have been occasioned by the failure of the grain crop in Canterbury, New Zealand. The Clarence River ls beyond all comparison the finest in Australia. Tho town of Grafton, the capital of the district, is fifty miles from tho entrance; but the river is navigable for river steamers thirty miles further up, to Smith's Vint, in Copmanhurst, having, therefore eighty miles of navigable water altogether. It is half a-mile wide at Grafton, and three-quarters at Ulmarra seven or eight miles further down ; and it receives, at about twenty-five miles above Grafton the Orara Uiver, which rises in a range of mountains to the south, and is itself navigable for river steamers of considerable burden fifteen miles from its mouth. There is another tributary which the Clarence receives from the south, called the Coldstream river, many miles below Grafton. In short, there are not fewer than 500 miles of navl gablo water within the heads of tho Clarence River on tho main river, and its tributaries, its arms and islands. And much of the land along these rivers, arms, and islands, is the richest alluvium, eminently fitted as I have shown for the production of sugar and of all other intertropical produce. It has hitherto, however, been a TERRA INCOGNITA to most people in New South Wales. The town of Grafton is well and picturesquely situated on an alluvial plain of considerable extent on the left bank of tho river. It is laid out with wlde streets crossing each other at right angles, and of these streets it has not less than fifty-two miles. It is, therefore, what tho Russian Ambassador said of Washington, when I was there more than thirty years since, " a city of splendid distances ; " and as the alluvium of which the rich soil on which it stands exists, wherever there has been any traffic, in the form of dust in dry weather and in that of mud in wet, its condition is precisely what an intelligent Scotch emigrant girl said of Melbourne in tho days of immigration many years since, when describing the climate to a friend at home - either a stour or a glawr - that is either all dust or all mud. Surely, however, the surveyor who laid out the town of Grafton in its present locality, and tho Government that approved of his choice of a site were singularly devoid of common sense - not only to fix it on an alluvial plain, where no town should be, but to place it where three-fourths of its whole extent must be under water and traversable only by boats in all times of flood. This prodigious mistake was the more in excusable in the case of Grafton, as there was a splendid site for a town, above the reach of floods and on a sandstone bottom, seven miles higher up the river. What would these seven miles of additional navigation have been on a river traversed in every direction by steamboats of all sizes, in comparison with tho achievement of having placed the chief town of an extensive district above tho reach of all floods, and in a situation that would have ensured the health of its future population and preserved them from the fevers and agues of the future town of Grafton. But every step one takes in tho colonies only con firms tho observation of the Swedish Chancellor when, bidding adieu to his nephew when about to make the grand tour of Europe, he said to him, " Go, young man, and see with how little wisdom the world is governed." Taking it as it is and must be now, Grafton is greatly improved since I saw it last. It is assuming the character and aspect of a town, although most of its streets are still covered with rich pasture, of which the numerous cattle droppings that defile the streets provo the excellence. The Public School which I visited is a good building - the school is well con- ducted by its teachers, Mr. Smith and his wife. Thero were 300 scholars on the books, and a large number, although I did not ascertain how many, in regular attendance. But the chief object of interest in Grafton ia its wharfs and the numerous steam vessels of all descriptions that ply upon the river. At the principal crossing-place, tho Government has a year or two constructed a steam cattle punt for all descriptions of stock and vehicles, and a steam launch for passengers. This, I was credibly informed, has been, unlike most othor Government speculations, highly profitable for tho State, The working cxpenses of both of these conveyances are £900 a year; but tho revenue derived from them wa» upwards of £1400 last year, and is expected to be as high as £1800 during the present year. This great increase of traffic has, doubtloss, been the result of the discovery and search for gold at Solferino, and of tin beyond the mountains. In the month of December, 1810, I arrived in England on one of my vnyuges from New South Wales, shortly after the passing of the famous Squatting Act of that year, but before the Orders in Council, which were to have the full force of tho Act, were appended to it, Mr. Benjamin Hawes, the Under Secretary of State for the Colonies, asked me on my calling at Downing-street, to offer any suggestions I might think desirable for these Orders in Council ¡ and after stating in my reply to him on tho subject that although Australia was remarkably destitute of navigable rivers she was not absolutely so, as there were various rivers on the coast available for naviga- tion to a greater or lesser extent. And in particular I happened to mention tho Richmond River in the Clarence District, and the Glenelg River, on tho dividing lino between Port Phillip and South Australia. Now, I recommended that it should be one of the Orders in Council that two or four miles from all navigable water should be reserved from the operation of the Squatting Act for tho settlement of an Agricultural population. But the arrant block- heads of commissioners to whom the getting up of the Orders In Council was entrusted, instead of adopting the general principle I had suggested, the adoption of which would havo been the making of the Clarence District, attempted in their ignorance and folly to refine upon it, and to improve it by ordering, forsooth, with all tho authority of an Act of the Imperial Parliament, that for twenty miles from the sea on tho Richmond River, two miles on either bank should be reserved for the settlement of an agricultural population. But at twenty miles from the sea, tho Richmond River is only four miles from the ocean ; thc whole of tho intervening land on both banks being a mere series of mangrove swamps, utterly worthless either for man or beast. I related the case, at the instance of Lord Monteagle, when summoned by His Lordship to give evidence before a select committee of the House of Lords on emigration. Their lord- ships laughed at the recital, but it was no laughing matter to the dwellers on the Richmond, who were principally cedar cutters, and who, earning much money at that occupation, would have glven any price for a moderate extent of land on tho navigable waters of the Richmond for the settlement of their families ; but there was nothing reserved for them un- der the Act of the Imperial Parliament but the man- grovo swamps, and in despair; they were virtually driven to the public-houso and spent all their savings in riotous dissipation ; one of their number, with a largo family, having actually spent £800 in this way. The good land on the Richmond was thus all given to the squatters, who covered it at once with their pre- emptive rights, to the ruin of many well-disposed and industrious families, and to the irreparable loss of the district. The very same thing happened on the Clarence River, which was never mentioned in the Orders in Council. All the good land on the right bank of the river, South Grafton, was covered by the pre-emptive rights of two or three squatters who now secure a rental of 30s or £2 per acro for land which its owners purchased ot £1 per acre, and of which the public were thus defrauded through the ignorance and stupidity of tho emigration commissioners. No doubt Mr. Robertson's Free Selection Act proved a remedy for all future cases of this kind, or rather prevented their recurrence ; but it came a great deal too late for the Clarence and Richmond Rivers. I en- countered much vituperation and abuse from the squatters for my suggestions in regard to the Orders in Council; but surely it was the proper advice I gave in the case. Had that advice been acted on the Government might have got at least £5 an acre for thousands of acres of land that was henceforth covered with the pre-emptive rights of the sqatters, who paid for it only £1 an acre themselves. For even as it was, there was £80,000 paid to the Government for land in the Clarence district, before Mr. Robert- son's Act was passed, while only £4000 was expended in public works in the district. 1 had almost forgotten to mention that on my land- ing on the wharf at Grafton on the 14th May, the Rev. Mr. Rutledge, the Wesleyan minister of Grafton, invited me to attend a public congregational meeting in his church to be held that evening, which I did accordingly ; but being jaded, and suffering from headache from exposure to the sun in coming up tho river, I had very little to say to the purpose. May 18th, Sabbath. - Preached in the morning to a large congregation in the Presbyterian Church, Grafton, for whose members I got a noble allotment of two acres, above the reach of all floods, a consi- derable time before the union of tho Presbyterian Church of New South Wales in I865. In the after noon I was towed down the liver to Ulmarra, about seven miles distant, where I preached to an equally numinous congregation. Tho Presbyterian minister of Grafton, the Rev. W. J. Cuthbert, who regularly officiates at both places, was down the river nil day performing divine service at Brushgrovo and Law- rence, two rising stations on the river. May 20th.- Mr.Thomas Fisher, J.P., the Worship ful Mayor of Grafton, very kindly drove me up in his buggy to-day to the meat preserving establishment at Ramornie, on the Orara River, and only nine or ten miles from South Grafton by land, although more than thirty-flve by water; for tho Orara River, rising as it does in a range of mountains on tho 30th parallel of latitude, the boundary fixed by the Imperial Parlia ment in the year 1850, us the northern boundary line of New South Wales, pursues a long and circuitous course to the northward till it falls into the Clarence River, about twenty-five miles above Grafton. There were two other gentleman in our party, Mr. James Brownhill, manager of the Joint Stock Bank at Grafton, and my friend and brother, the Rev. W. J. Cuthbert, who followed us in another buggy ; the only diffierence being that we had two horses in the Mayor's buggy, while they had only one. We crossed the river in the Government cattle punt, of which 1 heard tho origin and history and success from the Mayor, in crossing. The country we traversed on tho way to Ramornie is a fine pastoral country, consisting of hill and dale and well fitted for either cattle or sheep. But sheep are apt to take foot-rot on the lower grounds of the Clarence district, and are therefore for the most part relegated to the mountains. The Ramornie meat-preserving establishment is situated on tho Orara River about ten or twelve miles from its mouth. It was originated by a Mr, C. G. Tindal, a squatter in these regions and the son, I presume, of a gentleman of that name, the head of a firm of high character in London, which supplies meat off all kinds by contract to tho British navy, and to mercantile houses, having an extensivo establish- ment for the supply of meat in the Black Sea. Mr. Tindal, Junior, observing the low price of sheep and cattle in Australia, and tho high prlco of meat of all kinds in England, originated the company in London, to which the establishment at Ramornie belongs, and which I believe has hitherto been very successful, having realised for some time, not less than 17 per cent on the capital invested. The establishment ot Ramornio is extensivo enough to have slaughtered and preserved the meat of 10,000 cattle a year, and it employs about 200 men. But I was sorry to leam that, in consequence of thc prodigious slaughtering of cattle in progress, not only for the Ramornio establishment, but for various others of a similar kind in the different colonies of Australia, as well as from a disease among cattle, which has carried off a large number ; the price of cattle has risen so much in the colony, as to oblige the company to contract their operations very considerably, and of course to dispenso with the services of a considerable number of their men. There is quito a village at Ramornie. The establishment at Ramornie is under thc charge of a Mr, Pugo, who rcceived and entertained us very courteously, and whose right hand man is Mr. Forbes, from an establishment of a similar kind in Scotland, We wero shown tho wholo process of the establishment, from tho slaughtering of five bullocks that were driven into the shed for the purpose, just as we reached tho establishment. This process, which I did not care to witness, as I had seen it once before in Victoria, is performed by an operator, who stands on a beam across the shed above the cattle, and thrusts a spear, with which he is armed for the purpose, into tho spinal marrow of the beast, which immediately falls to tho ground and dies, after a few convulsive strugglings. Certainly, as these animals exist for the usc of man, it is gratifying to think there is no unnecessary cruelty displayed in their deprivation of life. Thc meat is packed in tins of four pounds eacb, which are all made on tho spot, and after being partially, or as some people say, too much cooked, it is sealed up and packed up for exportation. The whole process was interesting in the highest degree. I confess, indeed, that I could never be reconciled to tho enormous - I should almost say SINFUL - waste of animal food at the various boil ing-down establishments of this and the neighbouring colonies ; and I could not help thinking that some great scheme of emigration should be inaugurated by the Imperial Government to bring myriads of the half starved people of England to a country in which so much valuable food for man was ruthlessly destroyed ¡ but preserving the meat there for the consumption of these poople in their own country, as is done so exten- sively in the Ramornie establishment, is surely the next best expedient that could possibly be devised. Delivered a lecture in the School of Arts, Grafton, in aid of the funds of tho Presbyterian Church, on tho "Christian Church of the first four centuries." The attendance was particularly good, and the subjoot ap- peared to interest the audience. There is great want of information generally on this subject. May 22nd.- Delivered another and moro popular lecture in the School of Arts, in aid of the funds of the institution. The subject was "A Chapter of my Political Life, or the Colonization of New Zealand, Victoria, and Queensland," in each of which I was enabled to lend a helping hand. The subject appeared to bc particularly interesting to the audience, and the attendance was all that could bo wishcd. May 23rd.-The fiftieth anniversary of my landing in Sydney for the first time - there was a tea meeting in the Presbyterian Church this evening, and imme- diatcly thereafter, a meeting of the Church and congre- gation, at which I presided, was held for tho election of elders, and the organization of the Church agreeably to the forms of the Presbyterian polity. There were four elders elected unanimously, and the proceedings gave gtcat pleasure to the ministers and people. May 26th. - Sabbath, Preached and dispensed the Sacrement of the Lord's Supper at Grafton to about thirty communicants, the four elders having previously beenn solemnly set apart by prayer in tho presonco of tho congregation. Tho servico was deeply interesting throughout, the pastor of tho church officiating in tho evening. As there are many Germnn Protestants living in the neighbourhood of Grafton, I had signified my willingness to givo them a service in their own languago in the afternoon in the Presbyterian Church. The offer was most gladly accepted, and the attendaneo was much better than I anticipated ; not fewcr than eighty Germans, male and female, having assembled on the occasion. Tho service was conducted agreeably to the forms of the Prussian Evangelical Church, which con- sists of a union of the Lutheran and Reformod or Pres- byterian Churches of Germany. As I had no sermon in German of my own composition, I told thc congregation that I should read to them a sermon by a late eminent divine of their own country, tho Rev. Wilhelm Hofackcr, of Stuttgardt, Wurtemburg, adding in the words of Luther at Worms, "Ich kann nicht anders thun"- I cannot do otherwise. I had prescribed for tho psalmody ono of Gellert's hymns, of which I had translated several into English more than fifty years since. The singing was delightful, much superior, I confess, to our own, and the whole service was highly gratifying to the congregation. I had evidence of this in an advertisement inserted in one of the Grafton papers on the morning of my departure, containing a vote of thanks from five of thc number in behalf of the rest for the service I had given them. And in tho evening of tho day following the service, three of them came to express to me their grateful feelings by serenading me with musical instruments in front of my residence. What a pity it ls that a minister cannot be got for such pooplo to dispenso tho ordinances of religion to them in their own tongue ? Monday, 26th May - the Queen's Birthday at Grafton. Tho committee of management of the Presbyterian Church having engaged one of tho river droghers for an excursion to Smith's Flat or Copman- hurst, the head of the navigation to their beautiful river, partly, I believe, from a kindly feeling towards myself, I gladly availed myself of the opportunity of joining in tho excursion. The river, as I have already stated, is navigable for large steamers, like those that ply between Sydney and Grafton, for about sixteen miles higher up than Grafton, and for droghers, or river steamers of lighter burden, for thirty miles. Tho scenery on the river is interesting and beautiful in the highest degree, especially as the river narrows in going up ¡ but it is neither my province nor my forte to describe it, so I shall not make the attempt. The river is very circuitous in its course ¡ so that at fourteen miles from Grafton, it is only three as the crow liles. At twenty-five miles we pass tho mouth of tho Orara River, the scenery on which I was told was also highly interesting and beautiful. At length wc reach Copmanhurst, the head of tho naviga- tion, where tho river very conveniently expands, and forms a natural basin, like tho Bremer ot Ipswich, in Queensland From thence a tract of level land called Smith's Flat extends for several miles, and forms the site for a series of farms, the proprietors of which are principally Presbyterians. After partaking of the repast which the committee had provided for tho occasion at tho Copmanhurst Hotel, I gavo a short service of forty minutes in tho largo room of tho hotel to tho Presbyterian and other farmers who had assembled on tho occasion in expectation of my arrival. Our stay was necessarily short, as the captain of the drogher was afraid we might not have sufficient depth of water to carry us over tho rapids, or falls as they are called, a few miles down the river, as the tide had turned and was ebbing fast. We were, thercfore, prevented from seeing Smith's Flat, or the beautiful scenery on the river above the head of the navigation. We had, therefore, to return with all speed to the drogher, and having successfully cleared the rapids we made the best of our way to Grafton which we reached long after dark, about eight in tho evening, somewhat tired, but much gratified with our excursion. May 27th. - A small river steamer makes a daily trip to and from Grafton and Rocky Mouth or the town- ship of Maclean, leaving the latter place (about thirty mies down the river) at seven in the morning, and sailing again from Grafton at three p.m. I took my passage accordingly by the afternoon steamerr to Rocky Mouth, as I had engaged, to stay a night and to hold service there on my way down tho river. The steamer stops at all the little settlements on both sides of the river, receiving and landing both passengers and articles of merchandise all the way. This is a wonder- ful accommodation for the residents on thc river, compared with the state of things on cither of my former visits to tho Clarence, when any unfortunate adventurer who had taken up his station on the river had to maintain his communication with Grafton by his own boat and with his own strong arms at the weary oar. It was past eight p.m , long after dark, when wc reached Rocky Mouth, but I found a large congregation assembled from all tho country within six or seven miles round, that is from the opposite shore of tho river and from Palmer's Island towards the Heads. The service commenced about nine o'clock, and most of the congregation had to make their way homeward at its close, either by boat to the opposite shore or to Palmer's Island, if not for miles on foot to their homes in the surrounding country. It is exceedingly gratifying to observe how well-disposed the people of the Claronce Rver are generally, and how attentlvo to the ordinances of religion. May 28th.-Rocky Mouth or Maclean is a beautiful place, and beyond all comparison, thc fittest for the site of a commercial town on tho noble river. Its station is central for a large tract of country around, including thc opposite shore and tho islands, and Woodford Island on the left and the mainland right opposite present a seemingly continuous range of high- land or mountains, while the town is backed in by a similar mountainous range behind. There can be no risk in predicting tho futuro prosperity of a town in so favourable a situation. It is already a place of consi derable trade, Mr, Cameron having shipped 28,000 bags of maize from his wharf in one year, very re- cently, to Sydney and Melbourne. There is coal found also in tho immediate neighbourhood of Rocky Mouth, as well as on tho coast about ten or twelve miles to the northward of the Heads. The miners have got down eighty feet, and gone through a five foot seam of coal, but the want of proper pumping machinery for the present prevents their sinking deeper for richer seams. There is also ironstone in abundance, yielding seventy-five per cent, of iron, in tho hills behind Maclean. The population of the Clarence Rivsr district con- sists in a great measure, of Scotch Highlanders nnd Germans. The grcnt majority of the Highlanders, both on the Clarence and on the Richmond Rivers, are tho result of a successful effort which I was enabled to mako with the Imperial Government in the year 1837, the first year of Her Majesty's reign. There was great distress at that time, and almost a famine in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland, and a deputation, headed by the Rev. Dr. M'Lcod, of Glasgow, the father of tho reverend gentleman of the same name, recently deceased, was sent up to London to petition the Government to send out thirty thousand of tho Highlanders to Canada, by way of relief to the country. Lord Glenelg, who was Secretary of State for thc colonies, told the deputation that the Government had no funds at their command to send any of tho Highlanders tn Canada, but gave them ten thousand pounds from tho Treasury, as a temporary relief. Being then in London, I attended the public meeting in tho Egyptian Hall, at which Dr. M'Leod, on the part of the deputation, delivered an eloquent speech, describing the unfortunate state of the High- landers, and expressing their great regret that tho Government wore unable to comply with their request to send out a largo number of tho Highlanders to Canada. I waited on tho deputation, at their hotel nt Charing Cross, on the following day, and told them to thoir great joy that although tito Government had no funds to send tho Highlanders to Canada, they had a fund at their disposal to send so many of them to New South Wales, viz., tho fund arising from the sale of the waste lands of the colony, which was thon just coming into notice. This acceptable information immediately sent the deputation to Downing-stroct, where various objections having been started to thc proposal by tho authorities, I enabled tho deputation to roply satisfactorily to cveryono of thom, from statistical documents which I had carried home with me from the colony, and which at length satisfied both Lord Glenelg and Sir George Grey, the Under-Secretary, that my proposal was well founded and ought to he carried out. This, however, could not be dono without thc concurrence of tho Cabinet or privy Council, which, however, Lord Glenelg ob- tained at once, and the result was that during the years 1837-1830, eighteen shiploads of Highlanders, containing not fewer than four thousand souls, were carried out to the colony, at the cxpense of our Land Fund, and landed at Sydney and Melbourne, Most of those who landed at Sydney, settled for a series of years on the Hunter river ; but hearing at length of a land of promise in the far North, many of them found their way to the Clarence, and now form a large portion of tho population of that noble river. I stayed for a night with one of their number at Ulmarra, who I was happy to find is now the pro- prietor of four hundred acres of beautiful land on the Clarence, with fourteen acres of sugar cane, which will yield sixty tons an acre - value, £420 : another of them became a Minister of the Crown in the colony of Queensland, The Ballina, steamer, which started from Grafton at ten a.m., having reached Rocky Mouth after 3 p.m. we fell down the river to the Heads, which we reached some timo after dark, and anchored till tho next morning ; but as the bar was impracticable, from the heavy sen running, on tho following day, we lay at anchor all that day, and got out on Friday, the 30th, at eleven o'clock In the forenoon. Before leaving tho Clarence, I would observo that there havo been great complaints in the district as to the very inadequate representation with which they have hitherto been favoured. But as Mr. Parkes has pledged himself to bring in a bill during next session of Parliament for tho reform of the representation generally, this grievance will very soon be rcdressed. My own opinion on tho subject is that the Richmond and Tweed Rivers should have a member between them, and that there should be two for the Clarence River - one for Grafton and tho upper part of the district, and the other for the Lower Clarence, with the arms and islands. The constituency of the Gwydir electorate beyond the mountains, which is very large, and contains the recently discovered tin mines, have been already moving for a second mcmbor, but as I have never been in that part of tho country I shall not say anything on the subject, May 20th.- Crossed the Clarence bar at 11 a.m., and after an excellent passage, reached Sydney at 9 p.m.. on Saturday, the 31st. A woman named Jana M'Grath appeared at tho Water Poltco Court, ycaterdny, to answer a charge of having absenting herself without lenvo from tho servico of her master, Albert Goldstein, tn whom sho was indentured ns tin apprentice. AB sho was over thirty years of age she could not, according to law, bo an apprentice and tho caso was consequently dis- missed, She stntcd that oho would willingly havo served her timo to him had he tnught her his business but this he did not do, and she thought sho was only wasting her timo by remaining in his sorvico. Tho complainant produced tho indentures, which wcrosigned bath by defendant nnd by her husband, tho lotter having nflixed his nnmo as a guarantee that his wifs would faithfully servo her term of apprenticeship, and for her services she received the dally sum of ono shilling and cightponco. Tho Anal hoot of tho Sydney Rowing Club Benior scullers race cania off yesterdny afternoon, and re- sulted as follow»:-M. A. H, FitzhardinRo first, G. IC, Clarke second R. Clark third, and M. Vltzhardingo fourth. . Tun LATE GHOST STOHV.-Tho Forbes Times relates tho following «tory of n stump :-" Not a hundred miles from Forbes a lady had recently lost her husband by death, and after tho first ebullitions of priof wore over, sot to work to arrange* tho business affaiis of her deceased partnor. Tho absence of Bomo lottern which woro supposed to exist caused her considerable anxiety ; high and low they woro sought for but all in vain, until nt Inst -tho dlsconeolato and anxious widow was thunderstruck by tho consciousness that tho departed ono was nt her niue. Seeing thc cause of her perplexity, and conscious af his power to put things to right he lcd his 'erstwhile wlfo to n stump at tho rear of tho premises ; put in hin hand, mid drawing out tho missing-letters handed them to her, lu tho ex- uberance of her new-fledged joy sho began to bo demonstrative, but she was reminded In sepulchral tones thnt prying eyes nnd cars were obsorvant of tho interview, and seeing that she had tho letters safe, ho departed whence ho came CUUtoVS Atill ExTllAoltniNAItY YlRLD Ol' POTATOES, Mr Joseph Blewitt, of Burnt, has had a moat extra- ordinary and fantastical yield of potntoes, Thoy aro tho proceeds of n singlo root (naya tho Queanbeyan Ago), and in nil numbor a hundred and sixty separate tubers, varying from tba slzo of a walnut to that to a simili pumpkin-the tlvelargcst weighing 1511)3., tho tiitnl weight of tho yield hoing 10 lbs. Tho most aurions l'onturo In tho hugo olios ls their grutesquo nhnpts, which hnflto nil attempts nt description. This Íirodlgy in thc potato Uno grow by chance where a leap ol' stnblc-innnuru lind lain. I A man named Daniel O'Donnell hos died in Ibo Hay Hospital from luivlnt! «alen aoiuc. cuator oilseeds, 