SPECIAL ADVERTISEMENTS. Berkeley, Sept, 18o9 -Gentlemen, I feel it a duty I owe to you to express my gratitude for the greit benefit I have derived by taking ' Ii orton o Camomüe Pills' I applied to vour igent, Mr, Bell, Berkelej, for the above-named Pills, for wmd in the stomach, from wlwh I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearlj every reined j prescnbéd, but without deriving my benefit at all After taking two bottles of your valuible Pills, I wis quita re stored to my usual stite of Health Pleise give this publicity for the benefit of those who miy thus be fBicted -1 am, Sir, j ours truly, HrinY Allpas>s - To the Proprietors of NobtoVs Camomile Pills - Adot, Holloway's Pills-Weary of Life -Deringe ment of the liver \i one of the most formidable causes of dangerous diseases and the most prolific of those melancholy forebodings which are woi »e than death itself A few doses of these noted pills Ret magically in dispelling low «pints and repelling the covert attacks made on the nerves bv excessive heat, impure atmospheres, over indulgence, or exhausting excitement The most shattered constitution may derive benefit from Hollowaj 's Pills, which will regu- late disordered action, brace the nerves, increase the energy nf the intellectual faculties, and revive the fillingmemorv Bv attentivelystudyingtheinstruc- tions and obedientlv putting them in practice, the most despondent will »oon feel confident of a perfect recover} -Advt. Thf Solicitob-Gfneral-Mr. Innes, who re- presents the Government in the Legislative Council, ia suffering from indisposition, and has been obliged to take a fortnight's r»st Mr Weekes, as represen- tative of the Government undertakes such duties as are merely formal, till the return of the Solicitor Genenl The Permissive Bill ia Nfw Zeaund - \ cor- respondent of the Melbourne Atgus writes from Wellington on the 11th Oct -One of the results of the session has been the passage of the ghost of a Permissive Bill As introduced by the Hon Mr Fox it was a highly eliborate measure founded on and almost identical with Sir Wilfnd Lawson s model bill, and containing a great manj cliuses relating to adulteration The bill wis very warnilj opposed in the Lower House, and although the second reading was earned by a large majority, it soon became ap parent that the parmi-^ive clauses had not a chance of passing Mr Fox accordingly abandoned about two- thirds of his bill and managed to pilot the re- mainder through The only real alterations which it effects in the licensing law are as follows -First it removes the power of granting licences from the bench of justices, and vests it m the resident or police magistrates of the district, and not less than three, or more than seven, licensing commissioners speciallj appointed bj the Governor Second, it forbids the licensing bench granting anj licence the issue of which is formally objected to in writing by two thirds of the adult inhabitants of any district The signatures of tha objectors have to be verified on oath A provision similar to this has been in force under a provincial ordnance in Auckland for upwards of two years, but has never once been acted on, nor indeed is it ever likely to be aoted on in any part of the colony now The teetotallers are very proud of what the} claim as a victory, but it is hkel} to prove an exceeding!j barren one Thi. lad William Mile1»-We are glad to be able to state that the lad William Miles, son of Mr William Miles, of the Black Horse Hotel, Eist Maitland, who, it will be remembered, met with a lather serious accident some time back by being thrown from a horse,!» now almost oompletelv re- stored to health The boy was insensible for four dav s after the accident, but under the medical skill of Drs R J and J Pierce, and the care and at- tention he was able to receive under his parents' roof, his life, which was at one time considered in danger, was saved Air Miles expresses his sincerest thanks to the medical gentlemen who attended the injured lad, and to those of his neighbours who assisted at the sick bed The Iinvncial Debatt, anti the ditty ov Tobacco -In the course of the debate on the finan- cial propositions of the Government on Wednesday evemng, Mr Parkes announced to the Legislative Assembly that the Government intended to abandon their proposal to increise the dut} on tobacco one shilling per lb The reason given by the Premier was that the Government thought it better to do this rvther than run the riBk of unsettling the Border Duties question by any interference with the Con- vention entered into between this colon} ind Vic tona. The financial debate was concluded, hav nig been occupied almost entirely with the proposed to- bacco duties, but no division was taken on the reso- lution before the Committee Accidental Death b\ Drowsing in thf Bel- linger River-The Herald's special reporter wntes -An old sailor named John Johnston who for the last thirtj j eirs resided and worked on the Northern nvers, met with his death by falling out of his boat on the 18th instant The unfoi túnate man, who is supposed to have reached nearly four score years, started on Saturday moraine from a farm which is situated four miles below Weeks'», to pull down to the South Arm, where he his been latelj employed His boat was found empty that evening, and a search instituted which led to the discovery of the bodj the next morning at a part of the river about one mile from the place where the deceased left Stnnge to sa}, Johnston, although a seafaring man, could not swim a stroke Lotties Royal Magni-t Tbolpf-As will be seen by advertisement elsewhere, Lotties Royal Magnet Tioupe, which has been playing with con- siderable success in Sydne} and Newcastle latel}, will make their first appearance in the Maitland School of Arts on Tuesdiy evening next, and per form for two nights The entertainment is highly praised We notice among the list of performers the name of Mr J Small, a vocilist who earned some popularity a few }eai3 ago in Maitland and elsewhere m his travels with the celebrated N athan troupe The troupe will be in Singleton on lliurs daj and Frida} evenings Sale of Impoetfd Stock.-Messrs Hirnson Jones, and Devlin sold, on Tuesday, the following imported Devon -The bull Austrilian, for 445 guiue is-Messrs Amos, Brothers, purchasers, the heifer Poll}, foi 300 guineas-Mr li C AVhite pur- chaser, the heifer Floience, for 210 guineas-Messrs Amos Brothers, purchasers Al o, the bull calf Sir Hercules, for 112 guineas- Mr E II Woodhouse, purchiser -Herald of Wednesday Thf Saif of thf Locvl Tollbar« -We are advised bj telegram from the Lands Office that the district tollbirs, advertised to be soil on Monda} the 10th instant, at I ast Maitland, will not he sold till Tuesday the 11th, (the next da} ) the postpone- ment taking place in consequence of the 10th being proclaimed i Government holiday Government Lanti Salf -At the Fast Maitland court-house }esteida}, the following lots were sub- mitted to public auction b} Air C Delohen, C P S -Lot A, county of Durham, parish of Middlehope, 81 acres 1 rood, upset price, X1 pel acre, purchaser, Mrs F S Reynolds, Tocal, ¿1 as pel acie, lot B oounty of Durham, parish of Middlehope, 83 acres 2 roods, npset pnce, £1 pel 1ère, purchaser, Robert Logan,Toryburn,£i4s pel acre, lot C, county of Northumberland, pansh of Gosforth, 101 acres, upset price, £2 10s per acre, withdrawn, lot D, count} of Northumberland parish of Gosforth, 101 acres 1 rood, upset pnce, £1 10= per acie purchasei. Michael Dnnan, £Z 3 per acre, lot E county of Northumberland, pmsh of Gosforth 101 acies 2 roods, upset pnce, £1 10s per acre, withdrawn Miss Jofy GoüGENHErM -This talented actress assisted by a clever coinpan}, intends paying West Maitland a visit on Monday next AIi=s Gougenhenn has engaged the theatre for the representation of the drama of East L}nne, adapted ft oin Mrs Wood's novel Only one nighfs performance is promised, so that those who may desire to see this thrilling draina pla} ed b} an accomplished actress should not löse the opportunity of pi}ing the old theatre a visit on Alonday evening next Amusfments -It never nins but it pours We are promised a plethora of amusements of a chine ter so diversified as must satisfy ever} v artet} of taste The Lottie Magnet Troupe have engiged the School of Arts for two nights, commencing on Tuesday, and that once popular ' temple of the drama," the Olympic, will be thrown open for the especial use of the lover» of the " legitimate drama on Alonday evening, when Miss Joey Gougenheim with a talented company will make her ippearanco m ' East Lynne " winding up with '&an.; the Good-for Nothing" On the same evening will be opened m High stieet the famous circus of Air Bird, which are announced for two nights only The last, though certainly not least in the way of amusements that come under our notice, is the Highland Gathenng on the 10th instant "TWO HOtTRS WITH bNGIISII ANT) IniSH Authors"-Our readers in Murrurundi, Scone, Muswellbrook, and Singleton, wül see that Mr J C. Roach, aided b} severalgentlemen, including one of the most distinguished elocutionists in the colon} is to give an entertainment under the above title the programme to be selected from Shakespeare and from Carleton'a "Traits and Stones of the Insh Peasantry " He will be at Alurrurundi on Wednes- day, Nov 5, at Scone on the 6th, at Afuswellbrook on the 7th, and Singleton on the 8th and will ap- pear at the Schools of Arts halls of the three first named towns, and at the Mechanics' Institute, Singleton It only remains for us to add that the entertainment will not only be a highly in tellectual one, but will be full of the elements of humour, Mr Roach's speciality being the portrayal of the more grotesque phases of Irish character, and his renderings ire always finished, unconstrained, and natural He piopises in fact, to do for Ireland, what Mr Kennedy h is done for Scotland-to interpret her authors to foreign ears by the aid of a talent for mimicry and for the comprehension of the lights and shades of the national character When it u recollected that Carletons ' Traits and Stones 'have chiefly supplied lum with his materials, it will be manifest that he will present not caricatures of Irishmen but tiue portraits and his impersonations will therefoie have a ment which should commend them to the support and attention of every one who desires to -ipend an evening pleasantly POLICE BUSINESS. — At the temporary court-house, West Maitland, on Thursday, Mr. James Smith, P. M., and Messrs. W. H. Smith and W. T. Mitchell, J. P. s, were the sitting magistrates. One case was disposed of. — Yesterday, the Police Magistrate and Dr. Wilton J. P., were in attendance at the East Maitland police court. Two cases were heard. HAWKER'S LICENSE. — At the temporary court- house, West Maitland, on Thursday, the bench granted an hawker's license to Edwin Buch, of Loch- invar. AFFILIATION. — Henry Cooper was summoned to appear at the East Maitland police court, yesterday, to answer the complaint of Susan Pepperdine, who stated in her information that on the ninth Septem- ber, 1872, she was delivered of a female illegitimate child, of which defendant Cooper was the father, and that he had deserted the said child, and left it with- out means of support. Defendant did not appear. Constable W. Smith deposed to the service of the summons. A warrant was ordered to be issued for the defendant's apprehension. INDECENT EXPOSURE. — James King was brought up at the East Maitland police court, yesterday, charged with having indecently exposed his person in High- street, West Maitland, on the previous night. Constable Kinnane, who apprehended the prisoner, gave evidence as to the nature of the offence, and the bench convicted the prisoner, and sentenced him to pay a penalty of £5; in default of payment to be imprisoned in Maitland gaol for one month. LARCENY. — Jessie McDuff was brought up at the temporary court house, West Maitland, on Thursday, charged with stealing a coat, value 25s., the property of Charles Holland. Mr. R. W. Thompson appeared for the accused, who pleaded not guilty to the charge. Constable Thompson deposed to arresting the prisoner, about four o'clock on the previous after- noon, on the charge stated. In reply to the charge she said she would not have done it if she had not got a glass of drink. — Challes Holland, a young man who gave his evidence in a very nervous manner, said the prisoner was at the Queen's Arms Hotel (where he re- sided) on the Tuesday morning previous. On the next day he missed a coat from his bedroom, which he afterwards saw at Mr. Ingram's pawn office. He recognised the coat produced as his property. Mr. Thompson, in cross-examination, asked Holland whether he was not in liquor, and if drink was not the cause of his nervousness, but this the witness denied, ascribing his nervousness to his being unac- customed to being before courts of justice. Mr. Thompson also asked the witness whether he had not given the coat to the prisoner to pawn, with the object of dividing and drinking the proceeds, and whether he was not in her company for a couple of hours, but the witness replied in the negative. — Mrs. Ingram, wife of Samuel Ingram, pawn- broker, stated that the prisoner pawned the coat in question at her pawn office for the sum of 4s. 4d. in her own name. She appeared sober at the time. — Mr. Thompson called Mrs. Elizabeth Turner, who gave evidence as to pri- soner's character. Mrs. Turner had known the pri- soner for about twelve years, and knew her to be strictly honest. Prisoner had been in the habit of doing needlework for her, and she never missed the value of a needle during the whole time she was working for her. — Mr. Thompson, in addressing the bench for the defence, said in this case the necessity of Mr. Buchanan's bill becoming law was apparent, inasmuch as his client, whose mouth was now closed, could give certain evidence which, would go to show that the coat had been given to her to pawn. He asked the bench to take into consideration the pri- soner's previous good character for honesty, and in- flict a fine instead of imprisonment. — The bench con- victed the prisoner, and sentenced her to pay a fine of 20s. or be imprisoned for a period of fourteen days. The fine was paid. 