REMINISCENCES OF A ZOUAVF. v. continued. So I came to Paris. I had ascertained from our Mayor that Blanohette was not married. It is impossible to get married in Franco without the fact being known in ono's village by the publication of banns, and thore had been no lmnnfl published for Blan- chcttc. I concluded she had been befriended by some great artist who had Been signs of talent iu her ; perhaps by somo manager, who, in passing through Mauveville, bad been struck by her beauty, I had read of such things in books. It is true, that at fchft ttmp. T know hn.r. Rln.nnV)pt>o ponLl fin little more than just read and write, but there was nothing to prevent her having perfected her education after my departure. Sho might have had opportunities of Btudy at Mauveville. Anyhow sho bad succeeded in obtaining an engagement, and I was per suaded that all aotresses were required to be well educated. I had looked in vain for the namo of Blan- chetto Poireatt in all tho newspapers and playbills, but that did not alarm me. With out quito understanding the practice, I was aware that French actresses seldom played under their real names, and thero was nobody in our village who could enlighton me as to Blanchette's pseudouym. I began my tour of inspection by the Theatre Fran gais, whero I went fivo nights running to see different pieces ; after that I ttied the Odeon, then the Gymnase, then the Vaude ville — resorts of high-class comedy. After that I explored tho Uaiete, Ambigu- Comiquo, and Porte Saint- Martin — homes of melodrama and tragedy ; and one night I went to tho Palais Royal, feeling very nervous the whole evening, for I should not havo liked to find Blanohette thero. It occurred to mo that perhaps tho villagers had made a mistake, and that Blanohette was a singer, not an actress. Her voice had always seemed sweet enough to me for any opera- house in the world. I put on a dress-coat and white- gloves, and went night after night to the Grand Opera, the Opera Comique, and the Lyrique. My brother officers at mess Baid, " BroBse has gone music mad," and our Colonel hearing that I spent my evenings at the play, remarked that the whole of my pay would soon be Bwallowed up. He wrote to a brother of his who was connected with tho Ministry of Fine Arts, and I received a packet of play-orders enough to oarry mo over a twelvemonth. Tho Government is extremely civil towards us officers of the Guard. We wore in Maroh 'S7, and the Paris winter season was almost over. I had seon all the " successes" of the yoar until I was siek of them. The Fiammina of M. Mario Uohard, at the Frangais, haunted me like a nightmare. MathiaB l'Tnvalide, of the Varietes, stalked after , me like a ghost. Les Marrone Glaces, of tho Palais Royal, had given me an indigestion ; and tbe tunes of the Heine Topaze, at the Lyrique, buzzed in my head and made solitude hideous. A good many of the principal actresses wero leaving Paris to go starring in the provinces. All inquiries on my part had failed to elicit any information as to filanchotto's whore- abouts, and I felt almost disposed to give up my chase until the next year, when, one day, our Colonel gave out that an Exalted Personage was going to the Theatre des Fantaisies Gauloises that evening, and that I was to be on duty. When cettain Exalted Pe>sonages in our country go to the play-, it is usual, in view of possible eventualities, to accommodate a score or so of soldiers with piaceB in tho gal lery, a dozeu detectives with seats in tbe pit, and five or six military officers with stalls. The officers are in plain clothes, but no objection is made if they have a fancy to take a revolver in their pockets. Accord- tngly towards seven I made my appearance at the theatre, with an offensive weapon in the tails of my coat, but a demeanor and oostuma otherwise peaceable. With me went Fourmiceau. He was still my ser vant, and had a few days before expressed a desire to go to the theatre. I thought this a good opportunity of gratifying him, so he went Into tho pit. The Theatre des Fantaisies Ganloises is one of thoRe devoted to a style of piece that came into fashion at abont the same time as the establishment of the Second Empire. The burlesques and extravaganzas performed there would, in nine cases of ten, provoke adverse manifestations on the part of the audience in countries entitled respeotable. But we Frenchmen are exempt from preju dice : we don't go in for reBpootability — which, of late years, we have held to be insufferably slow virtue unworthy of an intelligent people. On the evening of my visit tha playbill announced, La Femme de mm Voisin — a choice lever de rideau, in one act ; and le Roi Cahdaule, a musical burlesque in three acts. Th'a last was the piece de resistance. It was a deligbt'ul composition,, muoh in favor at that time with the golden youth ot our capital, Bnd the manager was making roar ing receipts with it ; thanks, no doubt, to two or three ladies who, attired in no more raiment than was necessary, played with abundant spirit in the principal parts. For myself, having no great taste for pieces of the Roi Candaule type, I bad never been to the Fantaisies Ganloises before ; snd, finding that tbe Exalted Personage was not likely to arrive in his stage-box till eight, I est down in the crush-room with a brother officer to take eoffee aud chat. A general eleotion was soon about to take place, and tbe papers c attained hardly any bnteleotoral news. We disoussed the chances oi toe uppopitiou, woo, ic seemed, wore gathering all their strength to make a despe rate effort in the contest. My brother Zouave was of opinion that an ideal Parlia ment was one such as we possessed at that moment. Not a single member of the Oppo- sition ; no publication of dobateB allowed ; all the laws voted in strict privacy by two hundred Deputies, elected rather by the exertinnB of ninety Prefects than by that of ten million eleot-irs. — " With suoh a Parlia ment," said be, " and a Senate to match, everything goes on swimmingly for nB. No talk of reduotions, no diminution of pay, and we pet all the best pi - ces under Government," Ha fit a cigarette, and added : " If any of " these Opposition howlets get in there'll be a ohange of tune you'll see. The halcyon days of the military will be over. Egad I I don't like those Liberals : they produce the same effect upon me as stoats do. A lot of canting I prigs, what do they mean by saying that tho I Scoond Empire is a reign of immorality? 1 don't find tho Seoond Empito ip, moral ;'do ( you, Bi-obso ?" ' i At that moment a >aiter oama and said : " I believe /lehasa'j-jved, sir." He was the Exalted Porsnnr,Lr0, I paid for the coffee, snd my comrade and I hurried in to our nlaces. \- Tho 5 R. had just taken his Boat, and had got his double-barrelled glass already turned towards tho stage. In tbe stalls there was some thing like a flutter of excitomuntsmongBt tho spectators, who helonged to the Jockey Club ar the Club of tho Rue Roynlo, aud who wero on the look-out for tho "star" of the piece— a MademoiBolle Pomponnine, a dehntantc of not more than twelve montlta' standing, and whoso peculiar talent, as I understood, lny in lifting bcr foot to unsur prising beieht in performing our national dance.' MademotBollo l'omponnino was ex- tected to appear in a moment or two ; and, ndecd, I had uot heon in my stall two minutes when an enthusiastic clapping of white-gloved hands by my immediate neigh bors announced that she was coining.. Yos, thoro sho came, and without more ado caught up the tune tho fiddlers were ploying, and launched into melody. But why did I— I, AriBtidu Brosse, bound as if shot at tho same instant — why did I grip hold of the two arms of my stall, and stare before mo liko a fool ? Why did two great drops of perspiration itroam down my stupid face? Why did my comrade look at me and aay, " Hallo, Brosse, aro yott ill ; you're white as a sheet, man?" Why, in that flaunting, dazzling, snangled girl on the stage, who had not ten ounces of olothing upon her, whoso arms and shoulders were covered with violet powder, whose face was rouged, whoso lips wero smiling brazenly at tho public, and whose sweet— unutterably sweet — voice was trolling a song that made me, an old soldier, blush up to the roots of my hair?— I recognised but I needn't tell you whom. I have never prononnced th" name since. I left the E.P. to take care of himBelf, started tin, and rushed out. T meant to go straight home, but in the lobby I was stopped by Fourmiceau, who had left tho pit. and was striding up and down, flou rishing his one arm menaciugly, and mut tering interjections that appeared to dumb- louijti kiiu wHiiurN. vsu actiiujr mo iiu ruaiiun forward and stammered — " Ah, you saw her, didn't you, Captain ?" " Yea, Fourmiceau ; but don't lot's talk about it. Never speak on the Bubjeot to me again." But ho paid no attention to my words ; be continued to wave his arm. " Why, who are you talking about, Four miceau?" He seized mo by the cuff and dragged me to a box- door, through tho bull's eye of which we could see another private box opposito. It was occupied by two cavaliers with waxed moustaches, and by a lady who was dressed like a rainbow, and was staring abont Iter with a self- possossion altogether remarkable. "That's Rose Mignon," hissed he. " Will yon toll mo now to cry Vive la Conscription and Vive la Guerre ? What have the con scription and the war done for ine ? ThiB" (and he touched his stump of an arm), ".and that," — and he pointed fiercely to Rose Mignon. '"Hush, Fourmiceau," I said. "Not so loud. There's a detective from tho Rue de Jerusalem listening." (finis) Fixed Ideas in the Mind of Man. — That he is overworked : that his oonBtitntion requires stimulants ; that, if he had them, he could at this moment invest a few hun dreds to the greatest advantage ; that smok ing is good for bis nerves, his worries, his literary pursuits, his toothache, &o.; ; that he ought to beloogto a club ; that ho could reform the army, do away with the income-tax, man age the railwaya better. That he would make a large fortune by keeping an hotel ; that he knows a good glass of wine ; that he could win a heap of money if he were to go to Homburg ; that medicine is all humbug ; that he could preaoh as good a sermon him self ; that he should soon pick up his French if he went abroad ; that he must win on this year's Derby. In the Mind of Woman. — That she has nothing fit to put on ; that things ought to be bought because they are cheap ; that there is enmpanv in the kitchen ; that she is not allowed sufficient money for house keeping ; that she never goes out anywhere ; that her best black Bilk is getting awfnlly shabby ; that she requires a ohange abont the month of August; that her alio wanco is too small ; that she never looks fit to be seen ; that cook drinks ; that there is always "a glare ;" that there is somebody in tbe house ; that Mrs. Oppington is dreadfully gone off or dreadfully mado up, or not so very good- looking after all," The old French proverb "Good wine needB on bush," arises from the fact that small growers denote their produce for sale by means of sus- Bonding a Branch of Vine or Bush over their doors to attract tho attention buyers, but tho oest growers do not adopt this custom because Ihe quality of their produce is too well known to aeed advertising. Tho same remark closely applies to Watson's Fancy Goods Depot, 249 Bodiike-Strkf.t East, where tho novelty of their stock, selected specially for them by their buyer in England, together witb the low rate of charges has gained them largo support from thopublic, and has exceeded their most sanguine expectations. At we approaenrng restive season tnero will be thousands of visitors to this city, who, when they return to their homes will take to their loved ones some present, keepsake, nic nae, or seasonable gift, and it is to this portion of tbo community wp specially desire to call attention to this advertisement, and to note our address, 249 Bourne Street East, and also to remember how tn former visits to Melbotlrno, after having made their purchases they have found that they went to tho wrong shop, paid too dear, or bought trash. Wo respectfully solicit a visit, and are confident that our largo assortment of Jewellery, Work Boxes, Desks, Dressing Coses, Companions, Purses, Brushware, Toys, Games, and our specialities in cheap .dolls, &c.;, &c.; made for use as well as ornament, will woll repay the most fastidious purchaser a visit, indeed our establish ment may justly bo termed an institution whero one can view the rapid strides made in this wonderful age in tho manufacture of everv article that is designated -<nder tho term fancy goods. 