MODERN GHOSTS. Ghosts seem to have transferred their favours from the suburbs and police courts of London to a still more credulous coun- try than our own. In America they are becoming a daily nuisance, and the col- umns of loading journals or continually devotod to chronicting their movements. Tluo latest aocounts speok of six nosorious anees, all contomoporory snd in full fieroe up to date. Ono is the ghost of a little boy with golden air, and dreso?d in brown, who is always oiking through the window of a sehool at Nowburyport, kept by a certain Miss Perkins, and frighteniog btr and her pupils out of suoh wits as they may happen to heo amonea them. A so. onnd is the ease of a Mliss O1emestine JoooA, of J.,nsingbhr., who is viotialseod by the yslling of unacoountablo voices, the sound of footsteps, and, in general, by ohe " shadow of mystery," whateier liat cnay mean. A third ghoist is a youtsg man who haunts tihc driser of the eneima Von Motlko, on the Syraouso and Bing,. hIampltm railway. A n mysteriUs voice, proolaiming the presence of the spenire on the engine" is hoard all the way to alors thor?e-sot. we isUst assume, the laorotiho of olassic mnetoory. The driver oloe sees her, bit the gined oasIo hcord these awlul words-,?' Now, Billy, I've got you, and will throw you into the water." After this both guard and driver naturally refused to run Vesn olitho assy more, and thieir places wese supplied by other men Ghost number four isa human head, swhich visits a house in Virginia, with glaring eyes, throat out from ear to ear,r'iitoriug cries for h blood." The pwio?,,? lrno house is said to have offered .ce'ell it, ghost and all, for halfits value. But the fifth is tine most wonderful of ail-it is the guest of a railvay engine, running at Nosew ahrk on the Oth ofevery montt, with une usual punctuality, at 12 o'elook p.m, Six tundrcd people aotually gatliored together on the last oeoaaion, and, though they saw nothing, hoard a most uomistalale whistle at the proper hour. Lastly, MIr Cbarles Dieoans is diotating to a eomposi. tor the eontinuation of "1Edwio Drood." ·All tlese oases rest on " the heet autho. rity." Wonderful things happen ih Amorioe ; and perhaps not the least won derful thing is the Great Republic's slfi gleoriloatiou on its being free from the wvorn.out superstitions of our credulous Old World - Globe. " FA TICEE "-Ono0 day lant wooh, in tie afternoon, a man in the employ of a farmer residing within a few toiles of Mlaitland, wont for a walk in the bush, rieoompanied by a dog. Nothing oceurred of nuto till the dog startod a puddy.melon, and tollowed up a hallow troe. The man watrhod tile pursuit with somo interest, but as the dog did not return, he began to he anxious, and wont to explore the tree, Thore wns no sign of the d,,g, and so be entored thre onoiy in seareh, foroing hiri body up tile aollow. Alas l tbo reward of tie infrcepldity wae that wien le ondoavoured to release himself, his olntboi puoreored atiout bie arms and obtouldoro, and ibe steak fast, nor did ti struggles avail to free hbn, "Loud, deep, rind long," be bolloweod I re airsed and prayed ahrerraroly, bet still te remained fairly onibarlked in that rolontir.s trunk, and aoknowlodgod tu hihnsolf that lie was in a plteoun000 ee ro itireo o'ooeel in th:e afornoon of one day till 7 o'oaoolt in the next tiorning, lie was seioroly festoeod, and then some young men weie were abroad wore fortunately attraotod by bin arlos, and extteoatod hli Iby sawlnri potloons from each aid oof the trunk, 1Ie sao none tihe worse for tile Iheirlneonment, and was able to into ile dlolloi'rr'rs soundly for not noming bhfuro,--.Jrilaoel Voei. NARROW ESCAPE--About half past 7 on Sunday morning (says the Newcastle Pilot) the steam tug Bengaree while cruising outside the harbour, discovered a small dingy under canvas about two milea to the eastward. Upon steaming within hail the boat was found to be occupied by a man, who made signals for the tug to steam towards him; this having been done, he was taken on board, and on the roturn of the tug boat was towed into the harbour, It seems that the occupant of the dingy was a seaman on board the ship Moonta, trading to Wallaroo, but now lying in the harbour. On Saturday night, after having sacrificed too often at the shrine of Bacchus, he left the warf in the boat for his ship but his ideas of the whereabouts of his vessal becoming vague he rowed in the wrong direction, and losing one paddle was unable to manage the dingy, and drifted out to sea, where he managed to beat about till picked up bty tge Bangaree. Providen- tially for him the wind was partly in his favour all night, or he would have been miles away at sea long before the tug dis- covered him. It was at first thought ine was attempting to escape from his vessel, but the facts of the case being ascertained he was permitted to rejoin his ship. THE ROTHCHILDS AND CHRISTIANITY. -Art ]'iegllaht journarl states thus tire oesly son and hioir ef tire Vienna In4tlroeIId brancih h. lnt married a iteuhliror of the Arlndutit ]'lnltor, and Id lie iigad Iris faith fur tiors, Tire ftior, shsln wIary ill, itre boon muoh annoyott hy tho niftrit, as II In thie first lnalnnso In tvhlhi a Ilithohliltls htn Inrrnlten lth sld f (c'u oi hito l!?brgiy rpgqg "RIClttETTY ]3a clc"--When tile eom.n missiotiers of tile late?ntcrcolonial Exhibi. lion authorised or permitted medals to ho strsuck off' for sale, bearing the impress of the ]send of that illustrious aboriginal, they could never hare imagined half the bother that was likely to arise through the transac. tios. In tho mojority of cases, no doubt, thle purchascrs oa these medals have re. taincd them in their possession as mero relics of curiosity, but the ' coins" haire, in several instandes, been used less honestly. Tao cases Ihvo already occurred in tistl district--at Ilocekly and Kelso--in which the medals kavo been passed as sovereigns, and with reference to the individuols sO tenderdd them one has been commaitted ? tridl and the other (a Chinlaman) will, bahlyoscupy thle saso position in a wee or so.' The Chinaman was arrested on Sunday, and tho olargo against him is that lid obtaiaed money by false preteses--the pretenca being that ho gavo to Mrs. Vines, the wifo of a publican at Kelso, a piece of metal which ho represented to be a sore reign, and received from bar tise. sum of 18s., after paying 2s. which ho owed. Tho prisoner's defence at the Police Court was that hie got the "sovereign" from a man and thought that it was genuine money i ind at his osn request lie was remanded for a week in order to procure this man as a witnese on his behlal It may be mct. tioned that, at a distanco, a "JilkOttyg Dick" does somonlat resemble a sovoraign, but it wvould not be mistaken for one upon close exoasination. On one side are this words "Struck at the Exhibition Mint" and thle imitation of a coat of arms, and on the other the name "Ilikeletty Dick" with a blaekfellow's head, the edge of the metal being isdetnced like an ordinary coin.- .liit/trat Tlitoco. Dosra or ona orE OlNLsoNs' Tuns--Th Lisuntceston s xcniner of the 1lth instant says:--" Last oeenintg, an old man died in tho Lauteeston Inaalid DcpOt, wiho servod withl Lord Nolson out board thle Victory at Trafilgar, saving been also in pravioue engagetensts. 'hs deoeasid's nares nas William Dalton, agedlt , years; and he had been is thle eolony thirty years." A GooD 1acMotx.-- A sitapla Highland girl called upons sits old master wviths whom site hadl fortterly served. Being kindly it. vited by him to asharo in tIo fasaily dinner, astd thle usual ceresnony of askintig a blesitig hltvinsg beets gonse tllrough, the girl, auxious to coslssplisaest ber host, exclosmsd, "Alt master, ye maussss .n I-e:s grand stemory, for tbasb's the grseoo lyo had whesn I sas wi' ya tlsree years sso.' "I shouldl liut," said a Franci medical charlatlan, "to iplacs over thle door of my esi'gery an inscription, either in Latin or Greek, borrowed frott one of tho great authtors," "Give Italian the preference, replied one of his patients I " nothing'ca equtal that versa of Danto's, 'Abando Ihopoe, all yo who enter hser.'" A relorter describing the dresses at l,f~hiotable assembly in Boston, remass "Thso largest part of the dresses literally ott the floor," A girl alto marries well is said to malce luhcky hit, though sha is herself said to be liuel?y misas. 