GEELONG RACES. Second Dat. stewards—Messrs T. Asche, J. Bell, S. V. Buckland, G. Carmichael, A. Cbiruside, C. Ibbotson, James Noble, and Dr Reid. Handicappcr—Mr E. T. Barnard. Hon. Treasurer—Mr J. D. Robinson. Judge —Mr V. Griffith. Starter—Mr Chirn side. Secretary—Mr G. R. Rippon. The "Geelong Cup day" has been looked forward to with a considerable amount of interest. The rain—and, con sequently, wet course—on the previous day had upset all calculations. Safe doubles had been proved unsafe. People knew, by their favourites having lost the first event, they had lost all chance of making the anticipated heavy haul; yet, so good was the racing, that they could not resist the temptation—they must patronise the course on the second day to see if Leo was the grand colt he appeared to be on Thursday. Every body wished for fine weather, their wishes were granted, and thousands rushed to the champ de halaille. Even had the clerk of the weather been unfavorably disposed, it is believed there would have been a large assemblage, as the people were determined to see the racing. Whether or no we shall not be far wrong in again saying that hundreds hoped for fine weather for the great "carnival" which they had made up their minds to attend. At six o'clock in the morning the sun shone brightly, the blue vault of heaven was not spotted by a single cloud, and great were the expectations about a glorious day's sport. As the weary hours passed on, how ever, black clouds • appeared, and again it was feared that the enterprising club, now so firmly established, was to be " rained down. Grumblers, .those Job's com forters, talked about Geelong racing we« ther being always bad, although it is a fact that for eight years, except on Thursday, the weather has always been good on the occasion of the Autum meeting, whilst the sanguine men maintained that the clouds were not to be feared. And so it proved to be, for a finer afternoon could npt be imagined, and the appearance .of the grand stand—when the racing was going ?h—-and t.he members' carriage reserve at luncheon time, and the double-lined straight run, presented a picture that the "Derby Day " artist would have delighted to depict Notwithstanding that many tradesmen of the town had only consented to observe certain days as holidays—the races not being included in the calendar—they nearly all complied with the request ot the stewards. Xhis was the more remarkable on account ot some leading firms declining to close for reasons explained to the stewards. The ar rangements made on the course for the accommodation of the visitors were as complete as they possibly could be, but it soon became evident that, in charging three shulings for admission thereto, the stewards S ?,sta^e in erecting the new stand. Had they charged a simple half-crown, it is believed they wouldnot have had reason to S"n£im'* °dd s,xPence. singular though rt may appear, made all the difference, lhey were afraid, doubtless, of curtailing LtrfrP'Sat the Srand but men wfll m ?° mt° the sad<«ing paddock wl!il »i. e "u matter what it may cost, while those who simply wish to see the ™n .r°Und the coursc study the cost and do not care about breaking into two half-crowns when they can see all tbe "va?5 WhatT110 ECC by Siandi°B in the oval. What they most enjoy is the fun fZ±Tn ,rTgSt ^ although" thanks to the laws about gambling there « not nearly the fan there used to be With respect to the racing it was looked an expected field of 12 horees it isfortn ^lf°fewebeeUbYlhat they were so illT sion «« p,,. forcible expres wouih »w l^elr own throats." One f to Ml, si. the; odds about him went down to five to one, and this notwithstanding that it was !eilr^ ^proprietor stood to win " J00?' Another honest sportsman, Mr Bell, thought his horse Tarrowee had a chance, and quickly did the bookmaker's tumble to it," and trade upon this opinion. A bookmaker that would hare PYfn, fair odds yesterday must in. evitably "have won plenty of money,' as scores beheved the Leonidas* colt would norland the stake, but still were so frightened about him that the would not take the. odds going. Great sympathy was expressed tor Mr Stout wheh his mare, Lady Kirk, bolted, as it was be lieved she stood a veiy good chance of achieving a victory for a very worthy man. Polka was made a great favorite fer the Steeplechase, it was said she was fit, it was known that John Brown always went to win, and down came the odds about her. Our tip, however, proved correct, the Marquis of Lome polished off his horses m grand style. Mr Archer proved himself an able rider, and the way in which he brought Mau . rice in second, after being thrown, was generally commended. Mr R. Ore, on Monk, rode well from first to last, and made his horse do his level best to win The mistake made about the start in the . Consolation Race proved how necessary it is to keep the cro wd back from the starting • point; it would also be advisable, in future, to keep the people back from the judge's stand. The starting would have been better had the starter not been so interfered with, and although every deci sion of the jndge gave great satisfaction it . rendered his task no easier by havui" a motley crowd in front of him todistracthis attention. MrToole cateredunderthe grand _ stand, and showed every attention to his : customers. The other caterers were . equally willing to please, and Mr D. Toole is to be congratulated upon the manner in which ha discharged his duties as clerk of the course. ■ The following is a list of the events, viz.:— publican's purse, 50 sovi., with a aweepBtake of 3 soya, sddod* Ono tnild and three quarters. Weight for age. The winner to be sold for 60 sots. If entered not to be sold to carry 71b extra; £40 allowed 71b: £30 141b ; £20 2Mb ; £IO 281b. Mr J. Thompson's br g Steeltrap, 5 yrs, £10 (W. Wilson) Mr D. O'Xoole's ch g Novice (late Al feed). aged, to be sold for £10 (R. Savage) Mr J. Morrison's b g Albany, aged, £30 (J- Robinson) Mr J. Stout's ch m Lady Kirk, 6 yrs, to be sold for £10 (bolted). The horses had weighed out and cantered past the stand. Lauy Kirf, after passing the stand, threw her rider and soon disap peared in ths distance with a mnnnf^d trooper vainly trying to catch her. On coming past the stand Steeltrap had the lead, the boy. being nearly pulled out of the saddle in trying to hold him back, Albany was second, and Novice was bringing up the rear and waiting on the other two. This order was kept all round the course until opposite the trees, when Novice went up, Albany, beaten, fell back to the rear, and Mr Toole's horse strived hard to beat Steel trap. There was a good race up the straight running, but Steeltrap eventually came in an easy winner by two* lengths. He was subsequently put up for sale and bought in by Mr J. Thompson for £30, thus realising £40 for the Club. The time was not taken. GRAND STAND STAKES. A handicap for two and three-yrs-old, of 50 sots., with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. added. One mile. Mr P. lewis's b c Blue Peter, 3 yrs 7«t 101b ... i Dr. Bathe's b c Hesperus, 3 yrs ... 2 For this event all the odds were in favor of Blue Peter, Leo being scratched, in fact, it may be said that Bine Peter and nothing but him would go down with the public. He went off with the lead and maintained it throughout. . Coming into the straight the rider of Hesperus made an effort and applied the whip, bnt although he reduced . the gap, and caused cries of "Hesperus, Hesperus," it was very evident that he was beaten. Many thought he would have done better without the whalebone, as when his jockey left off punishing and tried to lift him with the reins only, he shot up near enough to lose by between two and three lengths. Time—1 min. 48 sec. THE GEELONG CUP, A handicap of 10 sovs., hf. ft., with 25 sovs. added. Two miles. Second hors to receive 25 sovs. out of the stake: third horse to receive 10 sovs. The win ner of any handicap to the value of 10 govs, after the declaration of the weights to cany3Lb .extra; one or two or more sue races, 71b extra. MrT. Ryan's b c Leo, 3 yrs, fist (Gribb) Mr J. Taif br h The Quack, 6 yrs, fist 121b (H. Lewis) ... : Mr A. Saqui's br h Misty Morn, 6 yrs, 7st 61b (S. Davis)' Mr P. Lewis's b h Bine Peter, 3 yrs (including 31b extra), 6st 31b (H. Stratford) Mr R. Savior's b g Clodhopper, 6 yrs, 6st 141b (M. Thompson) ... !j Mr J. R. Cowell's b g Valentine, aged, 7st(R. Walker) ... I Mr J. Arthur's b g Nimble foot, aged, 7st '131b (T. Day) ... . ( Mr E. Jellett's b h Planet, 5 yrs, 7st 7lb (J. Jellett) ... i Mr J. Brown's brg Jack Sprat, 4 yrs, fist 101b (GrevUle) ... i Mr Henty*a br m Jewess, 5 yrs, 6st 101b (Nolan) ... i Mr P. Lewis's br m Vision, 3 yrs, 5st 71b (M. Batty) ... I Mr R. L. Bell's b m Tarrowee, 6 yrs, 6st 71b (C. Wilson) ... i After three false starts, chiefly caused b; Jack Sprat not being let go by a mai standing at his head, they managed t make their colours flit past the poplars half a mile away on the left of the Gran: Stand, pretty well in a lump. Jack Spra being left a long way behind. Blue Pete was in front, and Tarrowee was keepinj him very close company. Passing thi stand maroon and gold still appeared ii front, and Vision, who was third, appearei to be looking after his interests. Tarrowe was not long to be satisfied with seconi honors for shortly after rounding the turn .about which so much has been written, sb want up, collared Blue Peter and passei .him. It was evident, however, before i .mile had bean covered she wonld have sho -her bolt; shortly afterwards the four or fiv .leading horses amalgamated, and it wouli ibe absurd to say who was getting the bes .at it .until they came to the back of th -course. Then the winner went np am Aoek -third place,^ and it was seen tha Quack was disposing of his horses in i very summary manner. Silver and black Misty Morn, shortly afterwards gleamei Past the ruck, and Blue Peter gave way Coming past the poplars the Leonidas col was leading, and load were ths shouts fron the grand stand. Suddenly a horse ap peared to be closing rapidly upon hfrn. an< the name of Jack Sprat was vociferated— why, we cannot tell, for he never had i chance in the race. After a struggle at th< entrance to and np the beginning 0f thi straight running, Quack found he had beer overdosed by tha handicapper, and had t< be content with second place. Leo finiBhet in grand style. Quack was a good second Misty Mora third, Blue Peter fourth, Clod hopper fifth, and Valentine sixth. Time— 3min. 41 sec. The betting at the start wai 6 to 2 against Leo, 4 to 1 Valentine, 5 t< 1 Quack, from 6 to 10 to 1 against ani other. the handicap steeplechase. 150 bovb, with a sweepstakes of 51 added. About three miles. Mr J. Walker's b g Marquis of Lome agsd, lOstSlb (Harden) Mr P. A. G. Archer's Maurice (Iat< Ugly Buck), aged, 9at 101b (Archer , 0rr'8 br g Monk, aged, list 711 (R. Orr) Mr W. P. Bowes' b g Prior, aged, lis 81b (Cbifney) Mr M. Eariy'a br g Typo, aged, IOsi (Williams) • Mr J. Brown's b m Polka, 5 yrs, 9at Hi (M'Phail) Mr J. Bell's b g Squash, aged, 9st (S Harding) Marquis of Lome went away with lead, followed by Monk and Manrice, iuuuifeu If/ JttODK BQu JoftHnCS ■O they wont put the grand stand, jus: beautifully. At the back of the <x Typo baulked, and the Marquis went at audi a pace that, bar accidents,! Lombard street to a China orange th must win, as he, although going at a pace, appeared to be quite strong en t* keep it up. Manrice went down a ..JVMS, an J, was thought lost all chancesof winning. Polka then went up and took* second place, Monk falling back to the third position. Two jumps from: the stand, Polka, a great favorite, -threw her rider, and then it. was seen that Maurice's rider hod recovered his seat,' and threateued to make it very warm for the Marquis. At the back of the course, in the second round, Squash, who seemed to have a good finish left in him, baulked, and never afterwards had the ghost of a Bhow. The Marquis continued to lead, jumping beautifully, and Maurice and the Monk, while taking th<i. leaps cleverly, did not materially lessen the gaps which respectively separated them. The result was that the Marquis of Iiorne won- by .several lengths, Maurice being second, and Monk third. Time, 7inin. 47sec. THE CONSOLATION HANDICAP Of 25 sovs. One mile and a-half. V.; Mr Toole'B ch g Novice, aged, 6st 71b (Green) . .... Mr J. Morrison's br g Panmure,' 5 yis, 7st 31b (W. Beeves) ... 2 Mr Week's Young Australia, 5 yrs, 7sb 51b (Bobinson) ... P. Lewis' Vision 7st, Stoat's Lady Kirk fist 71b, J. Brown's Jack Sprat 7st 111b, X. C. Clarke's Topper 7st 51b, also started for this event, E. Jellett's Planet 8st 71b being scratched. Several false starts occurred, the third being caused by the crowd calling out ."oft" The Btarter never lowered his flag, but the jockeys heard the people say " it's a start," and all the yelling to the contrary did not canse them to stop. The conse quence was that they went round the course, and so well did they keep together that lookers on regretted they should have been deluded by the cries of the multitude. Panmure. in this mile and a half burst, came in first, Youug Australia second, and Vision third. Novice's rider had obeyed the Clerk of the Course when told, at the beginning of the straight run, that his exertions would be useless. When they came in there were cries of- "send them off again at once," bnt this, the starter refused to do, they had been handi capped fora mile and a half, and it would have been nnfair to set them off at once npon another journey. He consequently allowed them a quarter of an hour to re cover their wind; if he had gone even farther than this, every one of them being i in fault, and have caused them to he re handicapped, nobody could have com-; ' plained. As it was, the horses were not allowed to leave the course, they " took the oath "out of sundry lemonade bottleB, and, ■ thetime arrived, were again on theirjourney. On this second ocoasion Novice showed that, thanks to the training of Mr P. Toole, he ! was "Novice" only in name, for he went away, won easily, and upset the calculations of those who were so warm about Panmure that they induced the bookmakers, to reduce the odds. The time was 2min. 53sec. THE HACK BACK' Of 15 sots. One mile and a half. Catch weights. E. Jellett's Catschon ... 1 A. Boyd's Lola ... 2 Two others competed, bnt were nowhere." Tins concluded the meeting. 