THE GRECIAN BENT. (A TRAGEDY FOUNDED ON THE DOCTRINES OF RE-INCARNATION, SPIRITISM, MAGNETISM, GALATEAISM, AND GENERAL TOMNODDYISM). "WHAT ho! without there, slaves, I say! a cup of wine; by Jove, It's warm work this Trojan killing how slow those villians move! Sharp POMPEY, man, pull off my greaves, or feel this Grecian's toe!" (Dear reader, these events took place in ages long ago.) "Prepare the banquet, Madame L, to feed your warrior swell, And, slave, the bill of fare—so, so—what's this I see, 'tis well, Two peacocks roast with apple sauce, and snipe not too well done, Me father loved to gorge this dish, and I'm my father's son." Thus great ACHILLES LOWCUS spake, and every body ran To get him what he wanted quick, for he was not the man To stick at trifles when he felt inclined for social joy; The very cats quailed at his voice upon the walls of Troy. And now the warrior smole a smile. "Ah, let me see," he said, "How many Trojans did I leave upon the field for dead? MÆCENAS and AUGUSTUS—two, I twisted both their necks, And DECIUS, MUS, and BALBUS—four—have handed in their checks." "And young VERIDIS (damn that boy!) I ran him through the lungs; In killing that young pup I've stopped the worst of Trojan tongues; I chopped the big nose off S. CACTUS, for life he'll wear a snub, I've spoilt his beauty (thank the gods); there goes the bell for grub." * * * * * * Great Greek ACHILLES LOWCUS now has duly dined and drunk, And down upon his manly breast his manly head has sunk, Just taking forty winks or so, and snoring in between, Oblivious that a pretty face is peeping through the screen. "Pa dear! Papa! It's me, papa. Gracious, how he snores! It's me, pa! CYBELE. The noisy thing, they'll hear him out of doors. I'll shake him; Pa dear! Soft, he wakes—"MACDUFF, but this is rough; Another horse, bind up my wounds; hold, hold, I've had enough." "Oh, it's you, me darling daughter; I've had the nightmare bad; That wooden horse is troubling me; no matter, kiss your dad, And sit you down, me dearest child, and bring your stool this way; To- morrow, CYBELE, you'll have reached your eighteenth natal day. "I want you, love, to drape yourself regardless of expense, To fix yourself for killing, CYB., to do the thing immense; Get the latest style in peplums, the nobbiest in bibs, Have your hair curled at the barber's; mind, you needn't spare the dibs. "A golden mitra you must buy, to fit your Grecian head, And tissue veil to touch the ground, light as the spider's web; Nettings, fillets, ear-rings, skewers, and other gew-gaws dear; Write out a cheque for what you like, I'll sign it with my spear." "When next the chariot of the sun (that's not so bad for me) Shall tip yon hills with his bright beams (I'm getting on, you see), Go forth CYBELE, my only child, and choose a mate for life; Gallant, but not too gay (my fault, so says my wife)." "How now—what's this—a crimson face, black looks, no answer, miss? Why most girls would have jumped for joy at such a chance as this; Odds bodkins! blood! bishmillah! gore! I see it all, by Jove, Deny it woman, if you can, you love some Trojan cove." "I do—I do," the maiden shrieked, "I love him as my life; Forbid the banns—I'll never be no other fellow's wife." "Go, boldest girl," the parent said, "now by the warring god, Off with a shilling you are cut, I swear it—help me bob. "Father," the maiden quick replied, "you see your daughter willing To be forgotten in your will, cut off with but a shilling; Here, take back the life you gave me"—she bared her breast of snow; "Disown me, disinherit me, I'll not give up my beau." * * * * * * Two hours later, and the camp has sunk in sweet repose. Save the solitary sentry's step, as on his round he goes, And the baying of the watch dogs, and screeching of the bats, And the snoring of ACHILLES, in chorus with the cats. Beneath the window of CYBELE, a form is standing now; There is a banjo in his hand and pride upon his brow. Anon he tunes his instrument, and lightly sweeps the strings, Then coughs and clears his manly voice, and this is what he sings: SONG. The wreath of love—the wreath of love, That CUPID'S mother gave her boy When first its smiling leaves she wove, She hoped to form alone of joy; And gathered from her Ida's brow The buds herself had taught to glow; And as in joyful mood she hung Above the chaplet musingly, With magic voice her spell she sung, Bidding it bloom eternally, As o'er her unformed work she threw The blessing of Elysian dew. The wreath of love—the wreath of love— What bower can match the flowers that dress it, Since VENUS' self its chaplets wove, Since VENUS' song was sung to bless it? But when all envious ATE knew What spell the Cyprian goddess wreathed, More wan her form of paleness grew Amid the scattered flowers she breathed, And threw her cypress boughs between The blossoms of the Paphian Queen; And VENUS, when she bowed again Amid the garlands that she bore, Took up the clinging leaves of pain 'Stead of her myrtle's fragrant store, And o'er them sang unknowingly, "Oh my! ye bloom unfadingly." The wreath of love—the wreath of love, Of sorrow, who can dispossess it? Since VENUS' self its chaplets wove, Since VENUS' song was sung to bless it. "'Tis very strange she makes no sign, there must be something wrong," The serenader said, and sighed, "she dearly loves that song. It's very cold, too, standing here, but listen, what is that?" The still night air re- echoes with, "Hist, get away you cat." The young man turned upon his heel and swore a Trojan oath, He swore to meet the Greek next day, and then for one or both This epitaph would be required: "His little game is done, He's turned to clay, and only serves the purpose of a bung. * * "Imperial CÆSAR, dead and turned to clay Might stop a hole to keep the wind away." With this sweet purpose in his mind, he passed along the sward, When at the outer gate his legs got mixed up with his sword, And down he came—a "Roman fall," the weapon tripp'd him up, And as he fell he struck his nose against a drinking cup. A cup—a spoon—a boot—a dress—a leg—a little shoe— A peplum and a fair chignon, also a billet doux, And floating round about the spot a smell like colchicum, Which caused the Trojan to remark, "By BACCHUS, this is rum." And then the truth flashed on his mind, "It's her," he madly cried (Grammar was naught at such a time), "committed suicide." "Cold, cold, my girl—put out the lights, and then I meet my dear," Upward he turned his weapon's point, and joined the spirit sphere. * * * * * * Precisely at the moment when these two were no more, The Grecian tossed and tumbled upon his bed of straw, And dreamt the spirits came to him of those he'd slain in fight, Pointing scornful fingers at him, in a way that was not right. "Let me sit heavy on thy soul," thus young VIRIDIS spoke, "For sending me to spirit world by that unlucky poke; There is no rest beyond the grave" (the ghost here shook its fists), "I have to move the furniture for all the spiritists." "Me too," S. CACTUS said, "you sent to this confounded place Disappointed, unannealed, no nose upon my face, With all my sins upon my head, a catalogue of woes, And in the spirit Parliament I vote against the 'noes.' " Room for Miss CYBELE LOWCUS there," a spirit footman cried, "And room for her true lover too, a-walking at her side." And there advanced with noiseless step, the virgin all in white, And keeping company with her, the hero of that night. "Unkind papa," the maiden spoke, "you see us both look blue, We should never have been poisoned, if it hadn't been for you, "And mind," the Trojan's shadow said, "de mortuis, or I, No matter, I can bide my time. We meet at Phillipi." * * * * * * Of course a jury sat upon the bodies of the pair, And of course their stupid verdict made that official swear, "We really think," these twelve men said, "that after careful thought, The plaintiffs should be bound to take the money paid in court." And now there's little more to tell, except about the Greek Who mourned his only daughter for near upon a week, And then he wrote a codicil to bury him in Greece, And then he lifted up his voice, and spoke this little piece: "Farewell friends, lovers, enemies, I go to the unknown, Come DECIUS, MUS and BALBUS, revenge yourselves alone On this poor Greek; there is my sword, and here my naked breast (When I can get my shirt undone) MÆCENAS and the rest. "Ye gods and little fishes, behold this Grecian bent, I know full well the sins for which the punishment was sent, I'm ready for your thunderbolts, great JOVE, now kill me quick, I shall feel for ever grateful, to the first that does the trick." "Strike here, strike home, I shall not flinch; it's right that I should die, Will any of you kill me quick? I pause for a reply." He paused for nearly one half hour, but as there was no sign Of any one to do the deed, he went straight home to dine. 