PRACTICAL HINTS TO SUBURBAN HOUSEHOLDERS. OUR POULTRY. Birds! joyous birds of the wandering wing.—Mrs. HESIANS. What! all my pretty chickens.—SiiiKSPEAHE. (BY SAMUEL JONES.) " THERE, noo ! though I say it wha shuldna, ye hae as braw a hauf dizzeu o' fules in your hamper, as a body wad meet wl' in a lang summer's day, as cheap as cheap, and belanging to the real auld speckled Hamboro's." Such was the observation of the old Scotchwoman from whom I bought our first fowls. I had very long promised to buy MAGGIE some, and as all our attempts at gardening were frustrated, by the poultry from both the SNAPES and the SNARLES continually invading our premises, I thought we might as well have our shrubs, &c.;, eaten by belongings of our own, so I had the late cowshed turned into a fowlhouse, and well whitewashed, and then I invested in the speckled and pencilled Hamburghs above referred to. Our back yard was considerably enlivened by the presence of these feathered denizens, and so was the kitchen. Why it has always been a matter of utter impossibility to all the servants we ever had to keep the back door closed, is a dark mystery. I appeal to any householder who may peruse this article, whether he ever knew a woman who habitually shut doors and gates after her ? If so, she ought to be exhibited in the waxworks, or else canonized. However, our fowls took every advantage of this little feminine eccentricity, and invaded the kitchen on every possible opportunity, a loud smash' usually informing us of their intrusion, or else the weird patter of their claws.on the hall oilcloth ; still, in spite of this, we were inclined to regard them with favour. They ate a good deal, it'is true, but crushed maize is not ruinously dear, and they devoured the cold potatoes, stale crusts, etc., which would otherwise have been wasted, and looked plump and sleek, but—yes, there was one little drawback, although we had had them for nearly a year, they hadn't laid any eggs. . " Over feeding*" suggested one authority, so we restricted their diet. "Give them chopped meat," advised another, so we tried that, still ineffectually. We could hear our neighbour's fowls cackling exultantly, in all directions, hut if we wanted new-laid eggs, we had to buy them at the grocer's. " Perhaps it's rats in the fowlhouse," remarked Aunt REBECCA, SO I borrowed a ratting terrier, who instead of finding any trace of those mischievous rodents,, killed, not only our finest lien, but two of the SN-ABLES'S, which had strayed into our yard at feeding time. I thought of the two evils, I would choose rats in preference, and returned Nip next morning. Aunt REBECCA was on the eve of departure to New Zealand, and was to take her farewell dinner with us. " We will kill two of the hens, dear " (I said to MAGGIE, as we were deliberating over the grand question of what to provide, Aunt REBECCA being very particular in her eating, and extremely apt to become acrid in her demeanour, if everything is not exactly right, so that every meal that she honours withher presence, is considered by us asaspeciesof penance for our sins.) They won't lay, and as they are nice and fat, we might just as well have them as go and pay such an exorbitant price to the poulterer." I did so. They were done to a turn, and looked and smelled most invitingly, but if they had been wooden they could not have resisted my attempts at carving more strenuously. I sawed away doggedly, under Aunt REBECCA'S grim gaze, and at last succeeded in severing a wing for her. We all made a gallant attempt at eating them, but had finally to make our dinner from the remains of a cold shoulder of mutton. Dear aunt volunteered but one remark : " The poulterer has done as everyone you deal with appears to do, SAMUEL JONES, made a fool of you. Those fowls are as old as I am," and then for the rest of her stay she lapsed into monosyllabic reserve. The observation, though unpleasant, was correct. I am impressed with the idea that they were a remnant of the first fowls ever introduced into Victoria. I went to the woman who sold me them, and remonstrated, and she enquired, " Hoo did I expec' the puir beasties to be young 1 Wasna I tauld that they belongit to the guid auld Hambro's ?" I collapsed. I thought I would try another plan, so I bought a sitting of Brahmapootra eggs at twenty-five shillings a dozen, and set them under a hen Aunt REBECCA lent us. Out of these we only managed to rear six, but we were well content when we saw five large hens and a stately looking cock stalking about. At last we were able to realize our fond hopes of fresh eggs f®r breakfast, and were happy. Still, there was one speck in our pleasure. Everyone admired our fowls, that was only gratifying; but another fact wasn't quite as much so. Everyone wanted a sitting of our fowls' eggs. Now, when I wanted eggs, I had to go and buy them, at twentyfive shillings a dozen; but when my friends wanted them they said, " I say, old fellow, give me a setting of those eggs for the wife ?" The feminine portion were more adroit, they would volunteer to exchange sittings, knowing perfectly well, that we only wanted Brahmas, and that they could make the offer in perfect safety, thus throwing the onus of refusal npon us, and making us feel as if to decline would be mean. We groaned inwardly, that neither of us had the courage to say no, so that quite half the eggs were seized upon by friends and relatives. Aunt REBECCA felt quite hurt when I declined to give her a couple of the six. She said, she would promise to give hone of the eggs away if I liked, and was very irate when I hinted that we wanted to keep the few we had for ourselves. She said, " that if any one could have warned her that her own sister's child would have flown into her face like that, because of his two miserable fowls, she would have gone into her grave sooner than have exposed herself to the agony of knowing how base and paltry his nature really was—a nature never inherited from Her side of the family, she was thankful to say, which had always been liberal to the very verge of recklessness." 1 felt tempted to remind her that she only lent usher common old clacking hen, sending for it almost before the chickens were fit to run alone, but—I kept a judicious silence. Dear aunt has a nice little property which was to have been left to us if it hadn't been for ; but that is a sorrow to be revealed in my next. It would need the genius of the author of " The Lay of the Last Minstrel" to describe adequately the neighbourly wars in which our poultry-keeping involved us". Can I ever forget the malignant pertinacity with which Mis. SNAPES'S servant was sent in every morning with, " Missus's compliments, and she wants the hegg our speckled hen has just been laying—please—which missus sor her come in, and that's her a cackling now-" And how repeated searches proving ineffectual, Mrs. SNAPE came in herself, " because she knew every one of her fowl's eggs and could swear to them before a magistrate. Site would be the last one to wish to defraud her neighbours of their rights ;" and how poor goaded MAGGIE brought out her whole treasured collection of egg6, from which the old lady, carefully donning her spectacles, selected " those she could swear to," and carried them away in severe triumph. Furthermore, how the speckled hen proved MAGGIE'S innocence, and the fallibility of Mrs. SNAPE'S knowledge, by suddenly appearing with an unprecedentedly large brood of chickens from an artfully concealed nest in the hedge, between our two gardens, and how, to this day, the old lady neither apologised nor sent us any eggs, though those she confiscated she set at once, and all proved their origin, by turning ont pure Brahmas. Our BBIDGET being ready to take her oath, "that all theould cat wanted was to stale the eggs from the fir-r-st, and wouldn't demean herself by axing for them." Then there were the troubles with the SNAULES. " Our fowls got in and robbed their innocent flock of their food," our " nasty, great monster of a cock," picked the piece of bread and honey from the hand of JOHN, the second youngest, and nearly frightened the poor little dear into convulsions. Our fowls got into the kitchen, and smashed the china tea set, Mrs. SNAULES' wedding present from her mamma, to atoms (of which, to MAGGIE'S certain knowledge, only two cups and a breadplate had been in existence for three years), and, lastly, it was our fowls that had a fight with their pet magpie, and pecked him so that he gave up the ghost with all the aggravating spirit of his owners, and I had to pay a pound for him. As we were tired of the fowls, and wanted to make another more vigorous attempt at gardening, we resolved to sell them; besides, it has always been our wish to live amicably with our neighbours, although hitherto a concatenation of unpropitious circumstances have prevented us from so doing. The night we decided upon their exodus, they were unusually noisy, as though in protest, but the morning dawned most tranquilly. No wild Hibernian cries startling them from their accustomed sally into the kitchen, whilst BBIDGET filled the kettle—no scarcely less less habitual crash of china smote upon our ears. "They were gone from our gaze like a beautiful dream." I should be loth to offend the orthodox, but still it is my firm conviction, and oddly enough, that of our unimaginative policeman, that they had departed to " celestial" regions. MORAL. If you want to know your neighbours' real, unbiassed opinion of you, kecjf fowls : you will have your wish before long ; but, you had better not expect it to be flattering, or you will be disappointed. 