A GIGANTIC FAMILY. PRRiurs wo may mnko no excuse for departing from tlio custom of not noticing exhibitions whon wo call tlio attention of our readers to the most remnrk- ablo development of adisposo tissue which has, probably, over been observed in Europe, at least within one family (remarks tho Medical He cord). It is intorostinir. as tcstinc tbo laws of borcditr, to obacrvo tho peculiarities of tbo O'Neal family, of which n caroful domination by a writer in tlio Medico- Chirurgieal Hevieic lends him to Touch for the accuracy of the extraordinary mensitremcnt we give. They nru natives of Ireland, Queen's CouuIt, 47 miles fromDnblinr— Thoynrobornof-reflpeotablo- naronU iiard-working farmers. Tbo father stood six feet, and "weighed twenty- soTc'n stone.— The mother is forty-firo years of age, stands fivo foot two inches in height, measures rouml her arm twenty-six inches, across her shoulders thrco feet, round her waist fivo feet six inehes, and weighs tho enormous woight of twonty ono stono. - ITor eldest son is twonty -five years of ago, stands six feet two inches, weighs eighleon stone fivo pounds,- "ud nt tho present timo ho is a Lifo Guard. All tho sous and daughters woro of largo dimensions. Miss An'n O'Neal, tho oldest daughter, is twonty yours" of- ago ; she stands fivo feot six inches in height, and measures round the arm twonty seven inches, across tlio shoulders ono yard and a half, round her waist eight feet, und lias tho onormous weight of thirty-nino stone. Her youngest sister is oightcon years of ago ; alio stands fivo foot two inches in height, measures round her arm twonty-fivo inohos, across her shouldors three foot, round her waist six feet, and weighs twchly-lhrco stono. Tha-eldest daughter j», as may bo well imagined, on nccouut of her obesity, scarcely ablo to walk. She appears to bo'unensy on hor logs, .and is-eoinpolled to 'lean up ngninst the wall for support. Tho vaccination marks on hor arm9, having increased with ago and development of adispose tissue, aro as large as ordinary saucers. . As tlioro is no padding or artificial method omployod to enhaiico tho onormous woight of tho specimens, "thCdispro por tion which strikes tho obsorvor betwoon tlio gigautio bodies and tho jnilatively small though absolutely largo crania is almost, startling. Tho bands aro coarso and largo-boned. In Ann O'Neal (affoctionntoly and absurdly named '' Lilly!1 by her smaller rolntivos) tho malar bones are onormous, unci tho mouth is much imdorhung. to tho forward projection of tlio lowor jaw. Although tho mothor shows symptoms of exsossivo nlcoliolic consumption tlioro is no diseaso uoticonblo or complained of; nnd tho subjects do not appear to suffer from, any other affection than the inconveuioneo of having to support so muoh fat. Liadiltty you Diskokorino Cukqubs. — In tho action of Macdormott v. tho Bank of -Aiistrnlasln, which was tried boforo tbo' Sitpromo Court of Vic toria on Thursday, a decision was given which will bo interesting to bankers. The plniirtiff"(siija tho- ArgtisJ had a bill for jBSflL.lOs., falling duo on tbo I7tli August, 1872 (a Saturday). Oil tho previous day thero was .C3 17s. 4d.'to his credit, ami 011 Friday aft ornoon ho paid in cheques JC2fi 3s. 10d., and cash £3. Next morning (Saturday) ho paid in £57 10s. cush, nnd £12 olicqtto, making a total of £102 odd if tlio cheques woro good. Tho cheques nnid in on Friday wore, howover, not sent in to the clearing- liouao till after twolvo o'clock on Saturday, nnd boforo they enmo bnek tho plaintiff's bill was dishonoured. He'broiiglit nn notion, nnd recovered £10 dnmages, Mr. Justico. Williams "oxprossing nn opinion to tho jury that » bank, boforo dishonouring 0 bill, should 'inquire whether tho choquos paid in to meet it woro good. Against this ruling tho dofondimt appealed to the full Court, hut tho matter was not definitely do oidod, for it aiipoared that tho bank had crodited tho plaintiff with tlio sums paid in on Friday as roeoivod on that dnv, and the lodger-kueper had told tho plainliff that, the town cheques would ho trootod as cash. For these remains It was hold that tlioro was ample evidence to support tho verdict without going into tho question of whothor tho bank wns negligent in not making inquiries as to whothor tho oheques woro good TltB Maryborough Chronicle of April 17th gives us the following A lad named Jmncs Black, aged betwoon 10 mul 11 years, bad his arm amputated above the wrist yesterday,- at the hospital. The operation wns romlored necessary by an accident' wliioh occurred nt Diitidnliiu Saw Mills tlio previous morolng. Tlio littlo follow wns with his grandfather, who Is omptoyed nt tlio planing machine. On perceiv ing tho position of the child, Tils relative immediately .romovou tho "clutch," nnd stoppod tho machine, not,, howovor, boforo tho littlo fellow's right hand was crushed sovoroly from tho wriBt downwards, and his shouldor lucerntud. Mouongora were despatched to town for medical assistance, and succeeded in bring ing Drs. Ward and Pulmer. By tlio medical gohtle moil's direction tbo invalid was convoyod to tbo hospitul in town por steamer Hercules, stonm having booti got up for tho purpose. As tho boat did not roach town till lutOjOt night, tho doctors agreed to moot at 1 1 a.m. to perform tho operation, if conaidorcd necessary. At 0 n.m. yesterday Dr. Ward, hospital surgeon, visited the patient, promising to bo baok nttlio appointed hour. The doctors, for somo unaccoiintablo reuson, failed to koop their nppoinlmont, and Mr. Sim lmving-spont some timo in nn unsuccessful search for -thorn, dctermincd-to-call-on-Drr-Lano— Dr.-Powor- buihg absont from homo. The Doctor, at 11 p.m. assisted by Messrs. Bruco and Sim, succeeded in romoving tho injured limb, and doing what clso was ncccssary.for the littlo s_uffuror. It is satisfactory to learn that immediately upon this gross caso of neglect boing reported, a meeting of the liospital committee was called, and by a unanimous vote Dr. Lnno was requested to attond the hospital until tho return of Dr. Powor. Tho secretary wns also instructed to find suitable nurses. Tho littlo follow lay in a vory precarious stato when wo onquirod at tho institution late last night. A Slight Mistake, — A rcninrkublo caso wn9 re cently reported in Watcrford. For somo weeks past a Mrs. Kcano, wife of a man named John Kcnne, residing in Alexander-street, in that oity, had boon, in tho Union Hospital, and on tho 2fith January a messenger from tlio Union brought him intelligence of her death. Ho immediately ropaircd to the workhouse, and having satisfied himself of tlio accuracy of tho report, he proceeded to tho agmfc of tho St. Patrick Burial Society in the city, a member of which ho was, and having produced tbo necessary certificate of death, ho received £3 10s., the amount duo to him under the rules of tho society. Uo next proceeded to tho undertaker's, purchased a coffin, and sending it up to tho workhouse, had the remains placed in it and conveyed to his own rcsidenco, Tho usual wake was held, when all tlio relatives, of the dccoascd with tho neighbours assembled, and tho goncral impression of all who sow the corpso was that deceased had greatly changed sinco last thoy saw her. Tlio romnins were followed by a host of sorrowing friends to the groveyord ond were solemnly- interred, Kenne's grief being so great that ho could not bo comforted. The grave, however, was closed over tho remains, nnd all returned homo sorrowing. Kcano proceeded to work tho next day, and at niqlit returned to bis desolato homo. While sitting taking ids lonely suppor that evening the latch of tho door was lifted, and in walked Mrs John Keano, and, doliahtcd at again being rostorcd to hor homo, she rusiicd at him, and, throwing her arms around his ncek, In tho wildest ecstncy began kissing him. Kenne-was nt first horrified, and, liko Hamlet addressing tho ghost, besought of her to soy if she was really mortal. Mrs. Kcanc could not under stand poor Kenne's conduct at first. Whon Kcane's "bewildermeut began to rcftse-ho-narrated all-the storr of the funeral, "and Mrs. Kcano screamed with laughter nt tlio wako and funeral. Mr. Kcano immediately proceeded to the union, and there ascertained that a Mrs. Keano had really died in tho house, but that she was tho wife of a John Kcanc residing in Pcter-slrcet. On hearing of tho matter the agent of tho St. Patrick Society was furious, hweauso tho socond John Kcano was not a member of the society. The whole affair has created the greatest amusement in tho city. A hate and hearty agriculturist from ono of the remote counties of tho State, on Monday, learned that he had for three years post been paying monoy upon a forged insurance policy to a bpgus agent, whoso centra capital consisted of an unlimited amount of shrewdness nnd nn easy conscience. Tho swindler represented himself to bo an agent for the Home Mutual' Insurance Company, nnd-on tho strength of his statements hired the guileless fann'or iuto the payment of tho charges on a policy for 3000 dollars. Tho fraud was not discovered until tho old ninn attempted to havo a transfer .mado, and tlien, wo crioro to say, the language of tbo party from the in terior saTottrod of.blasphemy.— Shn Francisco Paper, Vrry Mooii Mabrxrd.— A ratbor interesting stated ment wos mado by ono of tho witnesses in tho Jumol case, on Monday, in New York, P. R. G. Pery testified as to his marriage, in France, with Miss Eliza Jumol Chase, the d&ughtor; of tho present holder of the Jumel estate. It appeared that, to guard- against trouble on account of tbe peculiarities of the French law, the parties wore married four times j first, by the Mayor of Bordeaux; second, by a Roman Catholic priest; third, according to tho ritual of the Episcopal Church ; and fourth, by tho American Consul at Bordeaux. Tho ordeal lasted two days, and Mr. Pery said that whon it was over lie folt not only considerably fatigued, but amte sure that lie " lied boon very much married. , When asked if Hfndnmfl .Tiimol did not first propose this roarriogo to him, Mr. Pery said : 44 No ; I did ray own lovoinaking, nnd -proposed An _ pr6pria_persqnatjisjiwry_vtocky'_ young man should do." ' An Ugly Man. — In n gossiping letter tho corres pondent nt New York of the Buffalo Courier oneo wroto:— "T may as well put in 'hero a litllc story that T henrd in n brokor's ofilco in .Wall-street tho other day. A gentleman, telling ono of the firm about a thrashing tlmt a brother had just recoived from nnothor brother, tho listenor quiet ly, observed : 4 Well, if ho hammered him long enough, he might mnko a good-looking mnn of him.' This piqued my curiosity a littlo, and I asked if ho were ugly. 4 Ugly r exclaimed tho gontleman of cliques nnd corners, woli, I will'tcll you a little story, and then you may judgo for yourself. Ono day, some time ago, when tho boys ovor at tho cxclmngo bad nothing to do, some of thorn got to talking about ugly men, and at Inst about hnlf-a-dozon proposed to club together and givo a dinner at Delmonico's, with tho understanding tlmt oaeh should invito tho ugliest man ho know to. bo his guest. Tho arrangements woro tnndo .for tho dintaor, nnd the six jolly follows nearly wore tlioir hair off thinking who wore tho ugliest persons among their acquaint anees. Well, the dny for. tho dinner como on andtho boys started for Dolmonioo's And how many guests do you suppose they had ? I passed tho conundrum. 'Just one. Every man of tho six invited Joke (I won't mention his full- name), 'satisfied Hint lie had picked out'tho ugliest- looking critter in Now York. When Juki found out tho joko ho didn't liko it vory woll, nnd it lias hardly, boon safe to ask him if evor ho dined with tho boys at. Delmonieo's.' " Firk Kindlings. — In Franco a yorr convenient and economical kindling is mnde by dipping corn-cobs for about ono minuto in a bath composed of sixty parts melted- resin mid forty parts tar. -Thoy nro uoxfc spread out' to dry on mctnllio plates, heated to tho tomperaluro of boiling water. They aro then assorted, according to size, and tied up in bundles. They sell for lmlf-a-cent apiece. — Journal of Applied Cheinisfry. Borax for Exterminating Cookpoaciies, etc. —Among the many applications of bornx recently made, one of tha infest Is tho extermination of- conkrofichos, which purpose it is said to answer very perfectly. ITnlf ft pound, finely pulverized nnd scattered about where these disagreeable ppBtafrequant, will, it is nnid, clear nn infested honao so thoroughly that the appearance of one in a month la quite a novelty. Tt h not known upon what peculiar influence of the borax this depends, but we are assured that the effenta are ne stated. One advantage of this application is tho harmless nnturomf tho hornx, so that there Is no danger to the household from . its being oxposod. « The uso of borax, in Europe, for wash ing, Is well known, tho addition ofa largo handful of uorax, instead of soda, to ten gallons nf water, boing Bufficent to snvo hnlf tho quantity of . soup ordinarily required. For -light fnbrica and cam brics a moderate quantity is to he used ; but- for crinolinQB, which require to , bo mado stiff, a strengthened -solution, is necessary. Being n noutralaa1l, it does not affect tho texture nf linen in tho Blightost degree; mid 11s It softens tho bardost water," it is much used In washing gooorally. It is also said to bo unsurpassed for , cleaning tho hair. Saved jiy a Chignon. — Wo Maryborough' Chronicle) can hardly find it in our houri to n-iy aaything favorable of that crowning abomination of feminine eccentricity — the chignon » never theless, let Iho truth be spoken, though I'elion be piled upon Ossa. J lore is nn authentic inntaucu of ono of these excrescences having been the meuti of saving life, which would otherwise, in all human probability, havo been sacrificed. On Monday a riding party, including several ludies, wore proceeding along tho Gayndah Iload, whon, in tho neighborhood of tho toll. bar, onn.-nf- -th« Indies' horsoH grew restive, and the fair rider was thrown, alighting head foremost on tho hard road. Her companion were horrifb'd, naturally oxpsct- ing that shu hud sustained some serious, if not fatal, injury ; but to their ustoiiishrneat and delight, owing to the interposition of the capillary " buffer" lu question, sho .escaped without even a scratch, and was able at once to remount- end. proceed with the rest. After ibis, in » few days, there will not be a whole matt man left in town. An aboriginal applied for employment Hie other day on the lialMrnt and Ararat Railw.»y lino. Tlio Beaufort Chronicle says that , " lie only knocked off on being infnrined of tho.ter- rible consequences likely to entiuu if he infrioged- upon the eight hour' cystmo, und when his work was measured, he whs found to have doco a day's labour that would have been creditable to any wbito operator. In fact, he had onroed 7a., which was duly paid him, And ho marched off with tlio jaiinty step of a capitalist bent opoo a ; little relaxation." . ; It is- rumored says' tho Dnlbo Dispatch that Gardiner, the notorious escort robber, bushranger, &c.;, will in a year or two be released from prison, whon he will be expatriated, it is stated that tlio petitions pntyiog for bis release have been signed by many of the leading citizens. Their names should bo published. Right you- are.— Ed. d, //. A Dbnhk Fug -'Tho TenlerfM Star stateB that one evening, abmtt 5 o'clock, Bookookoornra was visited by a fog which has been unprece dented for density.- It approached very suddenly, and covered the locality with ' darkness, it was impossible to seo across the road or even a yard or two distant. A female equestrian, travel ling along the road, who happened to become enveloped In it, not being -able to seo. the WAy, guidod-her hnrsa into.a_deej) _bng, from. which with somo difficulty sho extricated hcisclf and steed. From this she succeeded in getting nn to a rock, where -she considered it advisable to remain for the oight. With the oeat morning's ann the fog cleared away, and the hcroioe of nn nupleasant night's adventures went nn.hcr way..„- FonoBD. Bank Notes. — Tho Murrurundi, Times ' remarks: — Wo were l»bly shown a-£t bank note purporting to hove been issued by the Bank of Anstra'asia, but which, nn inspection, proved to bo forgery. So skilfully has the Imita tion been effected that only upoa a very careful inspection of tho note, and its comparison with a genuine one, could tho deccptiun be detected. The words on the bonier of the forged nolo correspond with thoso of the rcol ones, excepting that at the foot " New South Wales" is substi. tutcd for ""-Sydney."— In the-biMiy-of-the-note- there arc slight variations, but which arc not likely, however, to, attract the notice of the Humiliated. The priucipul of thjso is that while in the notes o'f the Bank of AuiUraLisda there is a hand formed by the repetition of the words "'One Pound" in illegibly small letter, tho hand isfh the spurious note,, mode of rows of dot. The eograting on tho back is a very close, though not exact, copy, of that upon the genuine note. It was numbered. It is rteht that the public, and especially storekeeper, sdionld be cautioned against these forged note, a there can be n» doubt that efforts will bo made to put them in circulation. England and- Germany. — British Nimr-wi (who has shot tigers in India, and linns In South -Afrioa)-;-4-he-fsct-ia,-Hcrr_Mulliir,_thjit_I_dnnt. care much for sport unless it contains the element of danger. Gorman Nimroil: Ach sn? you are vont of talncher? Den you should gom nut shood mitrael Vy, only de odor Uy I shobdet-my broder-1n-Iftw In de shdomagl— -lunch. IJolloioay s Pith, — Sudden changes, frequent fogs, dud pervuding dan-poess sorely impede the vital function ana conduce to ilMieaith. .Tho remedy for such disorder lies in some purifying mcdiciao, like these Pills, which is competont to grapple successfully with tho mischief at its source, and stamp It out without, fretting the servos or weakening the system. Holloway's Pills extract from tho blood alt noxious matter, regulate tbe notion of every disordered organ, stimulate the liver and kidneys, and relax, the bowels. Id curing chest complaints, theso Pills are remarkably effective, especially when aided by a froo local, application of tho Ointment: Thfg doublo treatment will ensure a certain,, steady, and beneficent progress, and sound'bealth" -wi1l-80ou-be re-established. \- Karavilla Cocoa. — Taylor Brottibbs (tho largest Manufacturers of Cocoa in Europe), having tbo exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, Invito comparison with any other Cocoa for Purity— fino Aroma— -Sanative, Nulritivo and" Sustaining Power Easiness of Digestion— and especially, high deli cious flavour. One trial will establish it as a favour ite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, und n Soothing Refreshment aftor a late evening. N.B. Caution.— "Makavilla" is a registered Trade Mark. Maravilia Cocoa-- Tho Globe says 44 Taylor Brothers' MaraviUa Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other Cocoa in tho market. Entire solubility, a delicate uroma, and a rnro concentration of the purest elements of nutri tion, distinguish tho Marnvilln Cocoa above alt others. For Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recom mend n more ngroeablo or valuable beverage. ' For furtlier favourable opinions vide Stamlaiil, Morning Post , British Medical Journal, ifv., ,je. Homeopathic Cocoa.— This original prepara tion, which has attained such a world-wide) ropnta- tion, is .manufactured by Taylor Brothers under the ablest homoeopathic advice aided by tho skill and experience of the inventors, and will bo found to combino in an eminent degreo tbo purity, flno aroma, and nutritions property of tho fresh nut. Soluble CllOCOlate, t«Hde in one minute without boiling. The above articles are prepared exclusively by Taylor Brotliers, tho largest manufacturers' in Europe, and sold in tin-lined packets only, by Store keepers and others all over the world. Steam Mills, Brick Lane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. " ' ' 