lECTUaE. ON Friday evening, at the Moonta Institute, the Lord ttishop of Adelaide delivered a lecture entitled, "The Bible verilied by Ancient Monuments." The Rev. C. G. TAPLIN |ire.sided, and with a. few appropriate remarks introduced His Lordship to the meeting. The LECTURER, who was received very cordially, commenced by observing that the Bible was the basis of their common faith, and anything which contributed to give tliein assurance that it was the word of God must be of interest to them ; and at a time when scepticism was rile, the proof of circumstantial evidence, which had been buried fur centuries iu the earth, of the authenticity of the Scriptures, would give satisfaction. The Bible expressly and repeatedly claimed to be the word of God and the authentic depository of His will, and it professed to be written by men moved by the Holy Ghost. But although the writers were inspired, it did not follow that the copyists were, and in a notation expressed by letters and dots an error in transcription might make a difference of a thousand yeara. The lecturer spoke of the material evidences of the authenticity of the Scriptures brought to light by recent explorers in the tombs, temples, pyramids, and obelisks of Egypt, t s well as in its buried cities, in Jerusalem, and other places ; and then proceeded tt) refer to the objections against the Bible, the first of which was againbt the authenticity of the Pentateuch, on the ground that the art of writing was not in existence until several centuries after the time of Moses, and that consequently he co-.-Id not have been the author of it. The lecturer pointed out that this objection had been amply refuted by Max Muller ami other professors of comparative philology, and by the discoveries of Rawlinsun and others. Satisfactory proof had been given that the art of writing was known centuries before the time of either Moses or Abraham. Interesting allusion was made to recent explorations in Egypt, to cuniform inscriptions, papyrus manuscripts, and various relics of antiquity, all supporting the histori- Cal authenticity of the Scriptures. The lecturer alluded to an expedition, under the direction of the United StateH Government, lately undertaken in Palestine, the result of which was that the officers of tho party, though previously sceptical, after exploring the Jordan from its rise to the Dead Sea, were convinced of the truth of the account given in the Bible respecting the destruction of the.^ities of the plain, the authenticity of the Scriptures had also been proved by a recent scientific survey of Jerusalem and Ziti, and by an inscription found on the Moabitc atone, concerning the discovery of which by a German missionary and its subsequent desecration by the Arabs, the lecturer furnished an interesting account. Other discoveries were adverted to, which sustained, by the clearest evidence, the historical accuracy of various ; ortious of Holy Writ. At the conclusion of his lecture his lordship was warmly applauded. During ait interval in the lecture Mr. Carl Draeger played a violin solo, accompanied by Mr. Draeger, sen. on the piano, and Mr. Moody favoied the audience, with a song, both of which were well received, and after the lecture the same gentlemen again obliged the meeting with instrumental and vocal music. Mr. Doolette proposed a vote of thanks to his lordship for his able and instructive lecture. He spoke in terms of eulogy respecting the ability shown iu the preparation of the lecture, aud the conclusive evidence it afforded of the truth of the Bible, and said he could wish that a copy of the lecture were placed in the hands of every sceptic. And in allusion to the evidences in of the authenticity of the Scriptures said be should not bo aurprised to h ar some day of the discovery ol the Ark beneath the snows of Mount Ararat. Dr. Bull seconded the proposition or a vote of thanks to the Bishop, and hoped his lordship would feel assured that the paucity of attendance that evening was due not to any want ol interest in the subject on the part ol the community, but simply on account f the short notice which had been iven of the lecture. His Lordship ackrowledged the comliment, aud proposed a vote of thanks the geutleuieu who had given their musical services, which having been ordially assented to the proceedings rmiiiatcd. The liliiJiiijiu CUIM rpuiidcnt of the \- rn Aryus w t i'en :—.Notivii hr-tanding Hie I, of rain, mining etiterprine ibe i^ortli is h>-ii'g carried on with MK . energy, aod ihe.e. is plenty of woik or all who are willing to accept it. ideii are abo Ciiilinu.tll; passing hri u^h here for the ftiiuili^ Jtock, uhcre ll comers have woik al (lie shortest, once. Indeed, everything here appears o be pushed on with the utmost i igor H ossible, ai<d at pie-ent tiny h;,ve inure ia; dn eiig d I hi-re than uny mine in he JEM.,nb. 