THE CONGREGATIONAL HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY FOR NEW SOUTH WALES. The annual meeting of the Congregational Home Mission- I ary Society for New South Wales took place yesterday evening, in the now schoolroom adjoining the Pitt-street Church, the Rev. John Graham being in the chair. Proceedings were commenced by psalmody, the meeting singing the 338th hymn of the new Congregational hymn book-" Glory to God on High." The Rev. J. B. Sundeuland then engaged in prayer, imploring the Divine blessing upon the operations of the society. The CHAIRMAN said he considered that a formal address from the Chairman that evening would be quite out of place; especially as there were several gentlemen on the platform who were fully prepared to speak to the resolutions which had been entrusted to them, and to which they would, of course, do ample justice. There were, moreover, additional reasons why he should not detain them by any lengthened speech on that occasion. As the time was short, and the numbers in attendance comparatively few (on account of the inclemency of the weather), he felt still more urgently the necessity of not delaying them ; but he desired, nevertheless, just to offer a few remarks. They were all agreed that the principles upheld by that society were invariable, and so also ought to be the obligation incumbent upon them faithfully and earnestly to carry out ; those principles. Their Divine Master had said that they were to go unto all nations, and to preach the Gospel to every creature, and they were, of. course, bound to obey that command. But'tito Lord had also told those ! i whom he be addressed that they should first begin at Jerusalem, their capital city, and go thence throughout all Judea; and they were in a similar manner, bound to look to their own city and country first, in the duty of preaching the glad tidings of salvation. He confessed that he did not see any great difference between not preaching the Gospel to the heathen, and wilfully neglecting to give needful instruction to our own immediate brethren in the way of Truth. Still many persons raised their voices against efforts to preach the Gospel to the heathen, whilst those near at hand were left in igUor ones, who never did anything, and never purposed to do anything for their fellow- creatures, whether at home or abroad. They ought always to be prepared to do what they possibly could to advance the cause of God, whether amongst those who were without God in a professedly Christian country, or those who were living in heathen darkness in a foreign land. He had yesterday been visiting a Christian widow who for years had been confined to her room as a confirmed invalid, but yet was always anxious to do what she could for God, and continued to take a deep interest in the work of the Church. She had said to him, "I know that you are going to have two missionary meetings shortly, and I desire to contribute towards them both." She unlocked a drawer and took out three sovereigns, and gave two of them for the London Missionary Society the annual meeting of which was to take place on Wednesday next, the 16th instant and the remaining sovereign she gave for the Home Missionary Society. (Ap phiUEO.) She did what she could, and the example of this widow was worthy of all imitation. She had calculated what she could give to the Lord, and she had allocated the sum accordingly. He did not see that there was much difference between the operations of the principles of those two noble societies to which his invalid friend had contributed, and towards one of which they were to contribute that evening. The Christian widow kind, as he thought, done the right thing in giving to both. (Cheers.) We should be ready to send the Gospel to the heathen, but we should also be quite as eager to begin and carry on our labour at home-to discharge our manifest duty to those amongst whom he lived. He could not but think that there was an amount of infidelity, blasphemy, corruption, and profanity in this community that most urgently called for the missionary efforts of Christians for their removal. It was sad to think that in this mueh-fiequcntcd port there should be so much that tended directly to corrupt and demoralise the seafaring man, and neutralise all that could be done for his good. They needed more men for God's work, for much work He had for them to do, More men were required for that work in Sydney, and in the towns of the interior wheresoever men were existing, by choice or by an apparent necessity, without the means of grace. The Home Missionary Society was established for these blessed ends, and it had, therefore, strong claims on their support. They did not seek to interfere with the work of any other section of the Church, but sought rather to be helpors-not rivals. He earnestly commended the society to their liberality and their prayers. The Clerical Secretary of the Society (the Rev. G. G. Howden, of Burwood) then read the annual report, which was as follows: Report of the Home Missionary Society, presented February 11th, 1878: "In therefore presented at the last meeting of this society, great pleasure and thankfulness were expressed at the increased interest manifested by many of the churches in the society's operations. Your committee thankfully report this year, that this interest has been in great part sustained ; come of the churches may have contributed somewhat less than formerly, but others have contributed who have not done so before. Nevertheless, your committee would venture to call attention to the fact, that as many as nine of the Churches of the Denomination have failed to contribute to the society's funds dering the year, notwithstand- ing urgent appeals from the Finance Committee ; a fact the more to be deplored when it is remembered what the society's agents are doing, and what new fields of usefulness are opening, earnestly demanding aid. Your committee would express their conviction that every Congregational Church, and especially such as have received aid from the society, should, during each year, make some contribution to the society's funds. " During the past year aid has been rendered by this society in response to ten applications, seven of which have been from duly formed Cor gregational Churches. There are at present nine gentlemen working under the auspice of this society, According to returns furnished by to the Finance Committee, those agents minister to congregations consisting in the aggregate of 1395 persons, in 29 buildings, capable of accommodating about 2500, and in centres of population averaging from 4000 to 6000. There are 153 church members. The Sunday-schools number in the aggregate 11 8 teachers and 829 scholars. .. Your committee would direct especial attention to the work of the society's agents in districts remote from Sydney. The Rev. J. Trevor has, since the last annual meeting of the society, entered his new church at Gulgong, and labours with increasing usefulness through this largely populated mining district. He has also with Mr. J.Williams, another of the society's agents, succeeded in establiShing prosperous causes with day and Sunday schools at Home Rule and Canadian Lead, extensive gold-fields a few miles distant from Gulgong. Mr. Smith, of Ironbarks, continues his itinerating labours with many tokens of divine blessing. He visits as many as twelve preaching stations. At Ironbarks, Burrandong, and Stoney Creek there are churches formed, numbering nineteen members, also prosperous Sunday-schools. At Bathurst, the infant Church, under the watchful care of the Rev. S. J. Green, grows in numbers and strength. Land has been purchased in an exceedingly central position, and steps have already been taken for the erection of the new and much needed place of worship. " At Ulladulla the cause sustained severe loss in the death of the Rev. C. Allen, but it has since been duly supplied by ministers from this and other colonies, and that with but comparatively trifling aid from this society. A handsome church has been erected, and the congregation will, in a few weeks, have a then settled pat tor, the Rev. W. Mathison, of Tasmania. " Since the last meeting of this society, supplied in port under the auspices of this society, new buildings, in addition to those already named, have been opened at Parramatta, Haslem Creek, and the Glebe. " The committee of this society, for 1873, as returned by the churches, varies but little from that of 1872, but changes have been necessitated amongst the officers, the list of whom is now as follows President, Rev. T. Johnson-, treasurer, Mr. John Fairfax j clerical secretary, Rev. G. G. Howden; lay secretaries, Messrs. R. Garrett and L. Moses. The following gentlemen have been appointed to the finance committee The officers of the Society, with Rev, F; H. Browne and Mc; are. R. G. Reading and A. Sutton. ; Your committee cannot allow the late president of the society, the Rev. J. Graham, to leave for his contemplated visit to England without expressing their sincere thanks for the active interest he has always manifested in the affairs of the society, and their earnest wish that he may have a prosperous Jout ney, a pleasant and profitable season of intercourse with friends in England, and a safe return to New South Wales, i Nor can the committee allow this opportunity to pass without expressing a sense of their deep obligations to the late clerical secretary, the Rev. S. C. Kent, for his painstaking and indefatigable labours, for many years, on behalf of this society. Your committee cannot but recognise that by God's blessing, Mr. Kent wsB remarkably- useful in strengthening and multiplying the churches of the Denomination in this colony. His removal has created a gap not easy to be supplied, i Your committee, in closing this- report, would again earnestly appeal to the Churches for their prayers, their sympathy, and their contributions. God has blessed the society's labours in the past; what encouragement to increased activity in the future! There are large and important spheres of labour now opening to the society if there were means to sustain those who nightly tent, now many who attend our churches have during the past year received abundantly of the Lord in carnal things," will they not render increased aid to sustain those who communicate " in spiritual things." Mr. FAittrAX (the treasurer) then read a statement of the receipts and expenditure during the past year. From this statement it appeared that the income during the twelve months had been JG7-15 7s. 10d., and the expenditure ?CG1G 3s. 7d., leaving a balance of £129 Is. 3d. The accounts were duly audited. Rev. J. G. FRASER, in moving the adoption of the report, said he was inclined simply to move the resolution, and do nothing more. When he was Ohkod to speak he had suggested that he should be put but, because he thought the first place ought to be given to those who were actively engaged in the society's work. One resident in the city could only give a general exhortation to Christian liberality, or else simply speak of, and defend the objects and work of the society. They would observe that the society did not confine its labours either to town or country districts. There had been at one time some who were disposed to devote nearly the whole of the society's funds to bush operations, and he himself had been inclined to this opinion, but after thinking it over he came to the conclusion that it was a fallacy. They must not neglect the centres of population. In some parts of Sydney there was a floating population. In Balmain, to his knowledge, there was much fluctuation. A large number of the people there were engaged in mechanical pursuits, and frequently accepted engagements in the interior, and it was often the best men who were taken. Thcbo had, in some instances to his own knowledge, been exceedingly useful, and were acting as missionaries in the places to which they had gone, and really supplied the only ordinances of religion for several months in the year in many places. One place to which his remarks would apply was Surry Hills, and he imagined Waterloo and the Glebe were others. These must not be neglected. In these parts of the city evangelistic influences must be kept at work which would fit the men for the country. There was one great fallacy in the minds of those who spoke of spiritual destitution in the bush-they thought all the work ought to be done by clergymen. Clergymen were all very well in that way, but they held another principle that every Christian had to work for God, and not simply the clergyman, and he held that the possession of the simple facts of the Gospel in places of spiritual destitution, was a sufficient call to a man to make known the facts. It was hard to trace all the good effected by a society like the present. In regularly settled populations they could ascertain the amount of success attained by the gathering together and enduring of a Church, but in this colony the test did not apply, and they could easily understand the reason when they thought of such places as Gulgong, &c.; They must, therefore, to a large extent, labour in faith. One thing was certain the Lord of the harvest did not send labourers into the harvest to mock their labour. Rev. W. J. Fincham (of Campbelltown) said he could not believe he stood there to make a speech in a general way in behalf of a society. For several reasons he felt that any attempt of that kind would be very improper, and betray a lack of judgment. His observations would have special reference to the work at Campbelltown, where however, his experience had been very' limited, extending only over a period of four months. When he went there the first thing that struck him, in looking over the Church book, was the great number of removals from the place. He found that about one-fourth of all the members of the Church had gone away and settled at various places in the bush. Some of them were bearing witness for God in the bush and many of them were scattered over the country at distances of 200 or 300 miles from each other. He found that about twenty had left, so that the number of church members was now CO instead of 80. These GO people did not all live in the town, but some of them 20 or 30 miles away. There were five places out of Campbell- town at which services were regularly held, and he had arranged to hold a service next Friday evening at a sixth place. Of course, in visiting these places, they took advan- ' stage of moonlight nights as far as they could. The average . . - , ' . * - a , is - attendance at these places was 20, making about 120 in all. The attendance in Campbelltown. itself was very encouraging at present, and he had not seen better con- gregation since he had been there. At the Wednesday evening services, the attendance had more than doubled during the last four or five weeks, and he thought that a token forged. There were also some Sunday-schools "JOLT Campbelltown at which there were in all about 150 scholars, and 16 teachers. In regard to financial matters, most of their people were poor, and some who were once liberal supporters of the cause had removed. Notwithstanding this, he believed there never was a greater amount of money raised by the Church than was being raised at present and in that respect there was no retrogression. They should not have asked for the full amount from the society this year if it had not been that there were some small outstanding debts which he believed would be wiped i off during the year. With regard to the state of the Church | I spiritually, perhaps he could say little, and it would be perhaps somewhat indiscreet to enter at all into particulars. But this was the real test of the prosperity of a Church, and was the standard by which the Great Master | I judged it. He could imagine a church filled to overflowing, with abundance of money, and every outward sign of prosperity, and yet (not church might not be strictly flourishing, there was no doubt they all needed a deeper I spiritual life, and if they got that he had no doubt they would be, in every sense of the word, prosperous. A great deal of good land, he knew, been done in Campbelltown. He could hear of people who were once in a state of darkness as gross as flint of the wildest Africa, and who yet had died happy in the Lord. He did not think there was anything discouraging in the position of the Church. He had much pleasure in seconding the resolution. The Chairman asked Mr. Fincham to give them some in formation about the Church at Appin. the Rev. AT. J. Fincham said: Appin was visited by him fortnightly. The attendance generally was pretty good, and, upon the whole, the Church was doing well. With reference to the east, he could speak of some who had died rejoicing in the Lord, and many of the people were still , walking in the fear of the Lord and the comfort of the Holy Ghost. the Rev. A. Lloyd said it was with considerable pleasure that he rose to support the adoption of the report. There was one particular which might give rise to some unpleasant feeling, and to which he might refer in the course of his remarks. But, first of all, he would speak of the place where he was located. As for as he could judge, he should say there was a population of between 6000 and 8000 at the Glebe, and if they all went to church regularly the accommodation would be scarcely sufficient. St. Barnabas Church had been popular, but others had not been so well attended, and this represented a very End feature in reference to the district itself. Of course they were in the habit of thinking that neglect was confined to country districts, but if they looked more closely into the matter they would find that the depths of degrada- tion were attained in the centres of population. He had met with a considerable degree of degradation at the Glebe, and there was room for a large number of earnest labourers in that district. He thought the great mistake committed by them at present was in confining themselves to the exercises of the public ordinances of religion. If they were to be successful he thought it was necessary that they should adopt the style of working followed by the apostles, and that work would be characterised by visitation. He thought if ministers were in earnest, and laid their hands upon the people, the increase of members upon the rolls would pro bent on appearance that would gratify all who took an interest in the coming of Christ's kingdom. One thing had been a cause of grief to him, and that was that he had to a great extent been regarded in the light of an intruder in the district. It was very well to speak fairly upon platforms and in public, but when they considered the insinua- tions thrown out jmvntcly, they were struck with the amount of insincerity which was manifested. In order to maintain popularity it was necessary to show that liberality which was chai net erratic of the Gospel; but when it came to the more silent movements of the work, they saw evidences of insincerity which must be a cause of pain. With reference to his grief he might speak of it as post. The congregation was increasing. In the Sunday school, which commenced with a small attendance, there were now in their places from Sabbath to Sabbath from 60 to 70 children, while there was something more than 100 on the roll. Probably the reasons why the success had not been greater was owing to the indifference of some of the people, or to the fact that when he went to the Globe a large number were already church- going people ; or perhaps the comparatively ineffective character of his own labours might have something to do with this state of things. Still, he was assured that there had been some progress. As to the spiritual condition of the Church at the Glebe, there had been some few additions which he thought, if viewed in the light of the great day, might then prove to be of a deep and solid character. He might speak of the difficulties which he had experienced in ministerial work at the Glebe. There was one difficulty alone which rested heavily on the shoulders of every earnest worker in the Gospel, and that was the financial difficulty. If he had had an insight into the troubles which were connected with this difficulty he should have hesitated before commencing his work. A great deal of his time had lately been taken up in collecting money for the erection of the new church at the Glebe. All'tvho had attempted it would know that that collecting excited a damaging influence on the spiritual condition of n pastor's heart. The Church was still labouring under financial difficulties. They had pro] city worth in all nearly £750, and they had a debt of £300. This, was their chief trouble for he found that one effect of a pressure for contributions on some members of a church has been their removal from the church altogether. Still the success which they had met with at the Glebe had given great reason for encouragement, and had shown that the only thing necessary to prove that the investment of the society had been a good one was patience and perseverance. He thought that this society had very good grounds for complaint at the inadequacy of the support given to it, as compared with what they had been told was a period of unusual prosperity for the-colony. It was but natural that from men whom God had blessed with a large measure of material prosperity we should expect to obtain the means of carrying spiritual prosperity to those who had not the means of grace, if not through their own individual agency, yet through that of men who might be employed by the funds which they might place at their disposal. when they viewed the present condition of the world they saw that a great work had already been done ; but even they could not help feeling that very much had yet to be accomplished, and that though " the harvest indeed was great, the labourers were few." They therefore prayed the Lord that He would send more labourers into the field But still we know that if this prayer were answered- if workers were to be sent forth into the harvest, they re. mined the wherewithal to keep the body and soul together! He would earnestly desire of them to seek to practice that self-denial of which they had so excellent an example in the Apostle Paul. He trusted that the future operations of the society would become more and more extended, and that the funds placed at its disposal might continue largely to increase and that when they met her from time to time to receive the annual report of its operations and progress, they might always find that it to as eminently progressive, and not retrogres- sive and might God grant that its success would become year after year more decided. The Rev. Thomas S. Foksaitii moved the second resolution, as follows: - " That this meeting, devoutly recognising the hand of God in the measure of prosperity attending the labours of the society's agents, would urge upon all the Churches to contribute as far as they possibly could to the society's funds, that its labours may be extended in such other spheres of usefulness as God in His providence may open. The rev. mover said that making a speech on a religious platform had always been a matter of great difficulty to him. There was a time when he would have gloried in the prospect of good sharp debate and now his heart was with the meeting, and he had a good subject to speak upon, the unsearchable) riches of a reliance in the Lord Jesus Christ, Such a speech as would be in place delivered from the platform of such a meeting as this, differed on the one hand from the license which might be allowed in a Legislative Assembly and on the other from the solemnity of a preacher which would characterise the addresses at some other meetings of a religious character, thus leaving a kind of via media which, he must confess, was unknown to him. He must say that he would feel himself more at home here as a preacher than a mere speaker. That they might assist in the progress of Christianity they should have the spirit of determination to love God, and also to love their neighbours. He would presume that some of those now present had been voyagers, and that they could remember a little instrument over the captain's head called a " tell-tale " They might observe that the captain, while in his cabin dispensing the rights of . hospitality, gave on occasional glance at the "tell-tale" in order to see whether the ship which he commanded was holding in a given course. Perhaps by negligence the helmsman might have allowed the ship to go out of her proper way, and this circumstance is noted by the captain, who says that " she is a point and a half to the leeward," and advises him to keep to the course which had been pointed out for his guidance. The missionary spirit was the spiritual tell-tale which would serve to point out to us and keep us in our spiritual course. It was this spirit which led us to desire the conversion of sinners and the extension of the Redeemer's kingdom. And if we lost sight of these objects, it followed that we diverged so far from the course which us followers of Christ, we ought to have followed. There were several instances in the New Testament of individuals to whom our Saviour and his apostles communicated the glad tidings of salvation going at once in their joy to impart the precious knowledge they had gained to their kinsmen and friends. There had been great irony in what an infidel had said to a Christian in reference to his religion that if he (the infidel) believed as he professed to believe, he should be inclined to stop everyone he met on the street, and say to them, " Are you saved-have you laid hold of the hope in the gospel of Jesus Christ"' Not that it was incumbent on every true believer to act in this way. He believed that indiscriminate appeals, he meant to all ranks and conditions of men without due precautions being used, would probably create as much evil as good. (Hear, hear.) He did not believe in trying to manufacture results which the sovereign grace of God alone could produce. It was the duty of every pro- fessing Christian that he should take a vital interest in the extension of Christ s kingdom and the conversion of sinners- ! and if they did not act personally they might open their purse strings and enable others to do what they themselves might neither be qualified nor called upon to do; and! unless a professing Christian were to do this he could not be said to possess a personal interest it the Lord. Jesus: 11 : l Christ and his kingdom. -The- resolution stated that God had vouchsafed a considerable degree of prosperity to the society. They were privileged to say that God was prospering the work. They had heard from Mr. Fincham what God had done for his predecessor, and what blessings God had caused to attend on the ministrations of the Rev. Messrs. Browne and Green. He was happy to say that they were not standing still at the Glebe. The Rev. Mr. Lloyd had spoken to- night in a tone of despondency and had said that he had been given to understand that he had not been wanted at the Glebe. He (Mr. Forsaith) had not been in Parramatta a week before he was told that he was not wanted there, and that there was no room for him. One person told him that it was a waste of time and money for the committee to send him there. But he was not discouraged, as he thought he would find work, and he did find it. [The rev. gentleman here narrated two affecting and well-established cases of conversion to God which had taken place in his congregation since he went to minister at Parramatta.] At the close of the two narratives, which were attentively listened to, Mr. Forsaith said he trusted that they would show that he had not been out of place at Parramatta, that God had work for him to do, and had enabled him to do it. Seeing that there was a field for operation at Haslem's Creek, he bought a piece of land there and had a church erected on it, which was also used as a Sunday-school, with an attendance of 30 children. The Public School Board had also consented to open a school there, which was taught by a member of his congregation. The rev. gentleman concluded by a forcible appeal for support to the society. A collection was then made from seat to seat. The Rev. William Shelley (of Waterloo) seconded the motion. He was pleased with that society, because it threw them back upon God, the spring of all that was good, and was a ready means to further his work for man. To that Society he, and the Church in which he ministered, felt particular obligations for that society had liberally aided both, until his ministry had been blessed with a fair measure of success. The rev. gentleman proceeded in spite of the deafening noise of the rain-to describe the gratifying progress which had been made by the Congregational Church at Waterloo in its various organizations, and afterwards, passed on to speak of his ministerial labours at Botany, where he had met with some discouragements, which he hoped soon to over come The congregation at Waterloo felt very grateful indeed for what the society had done for them oil. Through the providence of God he had been prospered in the work that had been committed to him in that pastoral charge, and they would soon again have to enlarge their church. He loved the society, because it was based upon the principle that they were all brethren, and it was the duty of bl ether can to help each other. From this brotherhood of all Christians prose the responsibility which compelled us to assist all our fellow men. As a denomination, they were bound to labour on and to help on the cause of Christ, wher- ever they were called upon to do so. He besought them all to assist the society by their contributions and by their prayers. 'The resolution was put, and passed. The Chairman deprecated any jealousy on the part of other denominations in regard to the work which that society undertook. There was plenty of room for all the " isms " in the Christian Church to do their work in the world for Christ. The meeting then sang the first and last verses of the 911th hjnin, and the proceedings were closed with prayer offered up by the Chairman. 