CHAPTER IL. AT PEACE. And, malden, «ben my last oí line, is penned M7 earthly Joy. grief, laughter, at an end Whene'er I write your name* may 1 write " Friend " -IhacUray* Hester looked up in unfeigned surprise at the tall figure which entered as the waiter spoke, and something very much alan to terror took possession of ber. " What c mid he want with her ?" she won dered, and her Ups opened to utter some conven- tional phrase when he turned his head after shutting the door, and confronted her. Then she saw bis face- the kindly eyes that had been as Heaven's own brightness to her in the years that were gone, and the smile that had been in her dreams, only to make her vaking life more deso- late. bhe strove to speak, but her gasping Ups refused to utter a sound, and she put out her hands m mute yearning. " If it is a dream, let me die now," she said m her heart, " let me never wake to reality again." But it was no dream, the voice that she never thought to hear more till it welcomed her in Heaven, spoke now m its o'd, sweet tones : " Hester-my wife !" " Cecil-oh, Cecil !" and, with a snnek that let out the pent-up agony of years, she sprang to his breast, and lay there m a blissful dream. She did not weep or faint: there is a joy, as there is grief too deep for demonstrative exhibition; hers was very silent and still But she put up her hand and softly touched the face bent down upon her own, as if to satisfy her- self that he waa really and tangibly her own once more. " Alive ! my darling !" she whispered. " Alive ! my wife," be replied, with a tender em- phasis on the word. " And never to leave me more ?" " Never, so help me Heaven !" No need to write of joy like that-of a meeting where the loved one " was dead and is alive again was lost and is found." Great happiness is never coherent, and the inarti- culate murmurings of bliss be} ond compare cannot be reduced to writing Master Cecil's nurse on entenngtberoomm search of him after having vainly knocked twice, found her mistress m the arms of a tall gentleman m regi- mentals, and her charge frantically hugging his legs, and calling him " Papa '" utterly abashed, she withdrew precipitately, to meet Mr Johnson in the passage, who laughed, and gave her a dollar. " It's all right, my dear, he said. " Mrs Graeme baa found her husband-that's all Bbe won't show any more m the theatre, I suspect" But he was wrong there Hester played out the engagement she had begun The manager waited on her with prayers, and even with tears, and besought her to play if only for one more night " It would be rum to him," he declared, " if she did not He could never bold up his head and face the public again, he should have to close tbe theatre " And Hester, sorely against her inclina- tion, consented. The story of her husband's return m the shape of General West, got wind, the newspapers published a garbled and exaggerated account of it, and if the theatre would bate held a dozen times as many as it did, it would have been filled every night She was hardly conscious of the excitement, her life for those few days Beemed like one vast dream The wonderful story of Cecil's escape from death-his life since, and the sorrow and loneliness of her own, had all to be told, and the few immediately inter- ested in them to be seen, and the proofs of their statements to be procured. The week seemed a long one in spite of her joy. She saw the huge announcements of her own retire- ment from the profession on the walls with a vague feeling of disbelief, and even when the lost night came, and she had spoken a few hastily-written words of farewell, she could not believe that sha had laid aside her Etage robes for ever " And now for Europe," Cecil said, when they were driving to then: hotel " I never thought to see it again, my darling, least of all with you by my side The sight of you has well nigh driven ma mad once or twice in the wretched time that has goneby " " The sight of you has very nearly frightened a f;ood many people out of their senses," she replied, aughing. " I heard that poor Mrs. Marsh took to her bed and sent for the clergyman, in consequence of seeing your ghost ; and Tom Brown thinks to tbiB day he was bewitched over ' Mr. Joyce John- son.'" " I'll take off the spell now. How shall we tell tbem at Glenbracken ? I long to be there. I have nearly died of mai du pays more than once euee I left it. Are you sure they will welcome me, dear ?" " Quite sure. Your father mournB you sincerely now. He was very kind to me after that poor woman died. We shall both be welcome-to him at least." " But Mona and herhu3band ?" " Fm rather afraid of them, I own," she replied. " But they are both good and kind ; they will not cevet their brother's inheritance more than they can help, I know." And so, instead of her triumphant tour through the States, Hester Blair sailed away to England by the first steamboat that left New York, bearing with her the good wishes of all who knew ber. George Durant and his womankind were to follow in the next vessel ; their presence might be necessary to prove Cecil's right-not to his birthright, but to his wife and child ; and the actor was nothing loth to leave America. "He bad no pleasant associations with the new country," he said, "and his sister didn't like it either; besides Dolly wanted to see England, and it was a good chance for her." So they went; and for many years George Duranfs name was a familiar household word in the mouths of playgoers, and his cheery face one of the mainstays of a leading London theatre. Mary Brown went borne one morning from rehear- sal in a wild state of excitement " Ob, Tom, have you seen the paper ?" she asked. "Whatpapar, dear?" "The Flymy Post. Oh, what do you think it saysP" " I'm sure I don't know-what about ?" " About Hester." "The usual things, I suppose, little woman. There's never much variation in their* opinion of her.' " No, it isn't that. They say she's going to leave the stage and get married. There 1 " " Well, dear," said Tom, picking up the paper whieh Mary had thrown dows, "there's nothing wonderful in that, is there ° It s the best thing she could do " " But she wouldn't-Fm sure she wouldn't Fve heard her say a hundred times that her heart was m that grave at Balaklava, and I know it was, too " " Was, my girl Depend upon it, it's been dug up- somibody has managed to dig it up again 1 hope she'll be very happy, whoever it is But what does the paper say ?" It was only a short paragraph, setting forth that Miss Hester Blair had suddenly left the stage, can I celling all her engagements, that she had left America for Europe, and that the reason of all this was that Elie was going to marry the celebrated General West. The writer had got hold of an idea of the truth, but, as usual, not the whole truth " It must be for the boy's sake," Mary said " There can be no other reason, and to think of her ne\er telling us, Tom Is she growing proud, and forgetting us ?" " Not she Depend upon it, dear, when we come to know all about it we shall find she has some good reason for what she is doing She won't forget ua never fear Come ID " A tap at the door had interrupted him, and he waited to see who entered-a lad}, closely veiled, a gentleman, with his hat slouched over his face, and a lovely boy, who Btared about him with a look of half-recognition Mary pounced upon him with a shnek of delight. " It is-it is," she exclaimed, "little Cecil! And Hester's come back Oh, how wicked I have been to doubt her !" It was Hester-her very self-but changed into something so radiant and happy looking that they hardly knew her They had never seen the peaceful expression of pure content that was on her face now, and Mary hugged ber over and over again, while Tom possessed himself of her hand, and squeezed it till the rings she wore nearly cut her fingers " We are very rude," Mary said, at length, Bull keeping her arms round Hester " This gentle- man-' The "gentleman" had stood looking on, apparently taking no interest in the meeting ' He will excuse us, dear," said HeBter, with a smile, " I ought to have introduced him, Mary This is General West ' Mary and Tom looked at the American hero with no little curiosity, but he did not seem inclined to return their civil greeting by more than a nod " Then it is true, Hester dear ?" Mary asked " What ?" " About your going to be married ?" " Not going to be, dear " " You are married '" "Yes" Hester saw the regretful look in Mar j'a eyes, and replied to it. " My husband will love you and Tom as I do, Mary, never fear." I'm right glad to Bee you, sir," Tom said, holding out his hand now to the muffied stranger, who pressed it warmly. " Thank you, old friend," be said in a voice that made Tom tremble all over, and sink back into the chair he had risen from " Oh, Lord !" be murmured, " am I going mad ?" "No, Tom." It was Hester who spoke, and he read the truth in ber happy face as her husband removed bis hat and wraps, and he saw the friend wbose hand he had rung in silence just before that ride into the "jaws of death" on the wild Cnmean plains. No black wig or disfiguring darkness of complexion puzzled bim now. It was his old chum, not one whit altered, save for the sear of the sabre-cut on his forehead, and with the proud, erect bearing a man who knows he has an honourable place in the world, and can face lue fellow-men with no shame m his heart But little time could be spared for their London greetings ; they must go on to Glenbracken, where Cecil said they would be anxiously looked for by this. They had written from Liverpool, and would telegraph from Edinburgh ; but tbey bad felt that, once at home, it might be some time before they could come South, so had resolved to visit their old friends first Mrs Marsh always averred afterwards that it was a special Providence that Mary's conduct on that day did not lay ber on a bed of sickness, for she had come in like a madwoman, and frightened her into the belief that tbe house was on fire. But 8B6 got over it, and gave a warm, motherly greeting to Hester, and never believed in ghosts again till the day of ber death. The letter that Cecil sent from Liverpool, by one of those inexplicable accidents which occurs some- times m spite of the most careful postal arrange- ments, did not reach Glenbracken for three days ; and when they arrived at Edinburnh they found that the wires to the North were not intact. Some accident had damaged them, and it would be some hours before a message would be sent "Ifs no matter," he said to Heater. "They are expecting us, we will push on." But they soon found they were not expected when they reached Glenbracken, and heard of the cere- mony of the day. " Perhaps they won't receive me," Cecil thought to himself, and tie idea rankled somehow, and made bim resol ve to go m and take them by surprise The first to recognise bun was the butler, who happened to be m the ball when the door was opened to the travellers. " Not a word, Hayes ; not a word," Cecil said, when the old man's surprise and fright were a little over, " Tell me, before I go m, did my father get a letter from Liverpool yesterday ?" " That he did, sir I beard Mus Mona-I beg par- don, Mrs. Gr_me-say she wondered who it came from." " It came from me, Hayes, to say I was coming. I have no fear ot frightening them now. Don't look so scared, Hester ; we need not stay if we are not welcome. Take hold of your mother's hand, Cecil. Now, Hayes, tell them to say Mr. and Mrs. Graenia and their son are here " In one moment from bis entering, Cecil saw that he had been mistaken. He took in the whole scene at a glance-bis father's worn-looking face, with its whitened head-his sister and her husband, in their Snde of happiness and prosperity-and his Uncle .tincan, perhaps the least bewildered of the group. A moment Mr. Graeme stared at bis son in feeble bewilderment, and then threw himself upon his neck with broken words of passionate tenderness. No further welcome was needed. "Forgive me, my boy," was the father's plaint, and " There is nothing to forgive," was the loving answer of the son. Harry and his father almost forgot that their baby boy was oasted from his beirship m the joy at that return, and the quaint remark of the cotton- spinner, " By Jove, my lad, I was very near marrying thy wife 1" did more to set tbem at ease together than a thousand formal protestations of regard and joy. There was no formal home-coming of Hester and Cecil-no painful turning-out of Harry and Mona. " Let everything be as it is," Cecil said, wben the subject was talked about. " Hester and I and the boy mean to travel awhile ; and if my father will g« with us, by the time we come back it will all be forgotten." The suggestion was adopted; and if Harry and his wife felt any bitterness at the loss of Glenbracken, they did not show it, but adopted little Cecil's naive opinion on the matter. " Papa couldn't help being alive, Uncle Harry ? and made the best of it, It was nearly a year before they returned to settle down in the old home, which Cecil bad never hoped to see again; but even the canny Scotch folk in the neighbourhood could hardly under- stand which was which and who was who, and rather wondered at the kind of people who came to vis it young Mr. Graeme and his wife; for there was not one who had befriended either of them in their sorrow, but found a ready welcome at Glen- bracken, even from tbe old man who was growing very feeble, and constantly confounded the sturdy fair-haired child who made the house ring with un- accustomed noises, with his own boys of thirty years before. He grew wonderfully fond of HeBter, and when he died his last intelligible words were spoken to her. " I was mistaken in you, my dear," he said. " I tbougbt an actress could not be good; I know better now." And Cecil, as he saw the hands he loved reverently close his dead father's eyes, thought of the grand old words of the " wisest man the world ever saw," and knew that his wife had been, indeed, the crown and glory of his Iii« " Far above rubies" was Hes- ter's worth ; and the patient long suffering of Hester Blair, the actress, found its reward in the peaceful happiness and honoured life of Mrs. Grsme of Glen- bracken. _THE END._ 