Chapter LXXI. "Clown.—Twas in the Bunoh of Grapes, where, indeed, you have ® dellriit to sit, have you not V "Froth.—Ibaveso•peoaUse.it iaan open room, and mod for fcinter. ■ ■ j ■ * "©own,—Why,, veiy well -thpriI hope here be truths.1" . —MBASDSE mMEASDaE. Eivedays after the death of Baffles, Mr. Bapabridge wasstanfting at hialeiSure under the lame arch wayleading into the yard of the GfeenDragon.Hewas not fond .of solitary o6nt6mplanon, but lie had only Jost come ontj of the, lionse, and any human figure standing at ease under the archway in the ear}y! afternoon tvas as certain to attract companionship as a pigeon which* has-found something worth pecking at. In; this case there was no material object to feed upon, but; the eye of reason saW a probability of. mehtal sustenance in the shape of gossip. Mr.; Hopkins, the meek-matuieredaraper opposite, vis the first to act on this inward vision, being themore ambitious of a little masculine talk because his customers were chiejfly women. ' Mr. Bamhridge was rather cart to the draper, feeling that ljopkms was of course glad to talk to hint, bat that lie wasjnot goingto waste much of his talk 011 Hopkins, won, however, thete was a small cluster of more important listeners, who were* either deposited from the passers-by, or had sauntered to the spot expressly to see if there were anything going 011 at the Green Dragon; and Mr. Bamhndge was finding it worth his while to say many impressive things about the fine studs he had been seeing and the purchases lie had made on a journey m the north from which he had just returned. Gentlemen present were assured that when they could show him anything to cut out a blood mare, a bay, rising four, which was to be seen atDoncaster if they choBe to go and look at it, Mr. Bambridge would gratify them by being shot "from here to Hereford. Also, a pair of blacks which he was going to put into the break recalled vividily to his mind a pair which he had sold to Faulkner in '19, for 100 guineas, and which Faulkner i had sold for 160 two months later—any gent, who could disprove this statement being [ offered the privilege of calling Mr. Bam bridge by a very ugly name until the exercise made his throatdry. | When the discourse was at this point of 1 animation, came up Mr. Frank Hawley. He was not a mail to compromise his dignity by lounging at the Green Dragon, but happening to pass along the High-street, and' seeing Bambridge on the other side, he took some of his long strides across to ask the horse dealer whether he had found the first-rate gig horse which he had engaged to look for. Mr. Hawley was requested to wait until he had seen a grey selected at Bilkley: if that did not meet Ins wishes to a hair, Bambridge did not know a horse when he saw it, which seemed to be the highest conceivable un likelihood. Mr. Hawley, standing with his back to the street, was fixing a time for looking at the grey and seeing it tried, when a horseman passed slowly by. "Bulstrode!" said two or three voices at once in a low tone, one of them, which was the draper's, respectfully prefixingthe "Mr. but nobody having more intention in this interjectional naming than if they had said "the Riverstone coach" when that vehicle appeared in the distance. Mr. Hawley gave a careless glance round at Bulstrode's back, but as Bambridge's eyes followed it lie made a sarcastic grimace. "By jingo! that reminds me," he began, lowering his voice a little, " I picked up something else at Bilkley besides your gig horse, Mr. Hawley. I picked up a fine story about Bulstrode. Do you know how he came by liis fortune ? Any gentleman wanting a bit of curious information, I can give it him free of expense. If everybody got their deserts, Bulstrode might have had to say his prayers at Botany Bay." "What do you mean?" said Mr. Hawley, thrusting liis hands into his pocket®, and pushing a little forward under the archway. If Bulstrode should turn out to be a rascal, Frank Hawley had a prophetic souL "Iliad it from a party who was an old chum of Bulstrode's. I'll tell you where I first picked him up," said Bambridge, with a Sudden gesture of liis forefinger. "He was at Larcher's sale, but I knew nothing of him then—he slipped through my fingers—was after Bulstrode, no doubt. He tells me he can tap Bulstrode to any amount, knows all his secrets. However, he blabbed to me at Bilkley: he takes a stiff glass. Damme if I think he meant to turn king's evidence ; but he's that sort of bragging fellow, the bragging runs over hedge and ditch with him, till he'd brag of a spavin as if it'd fetch money. A man should know when to pull up." Mr. Bambridge made this remark with an air of disgust, satisfied that his own bragging showed a fine sense of the marketable. "What's the man's name? Where can he be found ?" said Mr. Hawley. " As to where he is to be found, I left him to it at the Saracen's Head ; but his name is Raffles." "Raffles!" exclaimed Mr. Hopkins. ' I furnished his funeral yesterday. He was buried at Lowick. Mr. Bulstrode followed liim. A very decent funeral." ! There was a strong sensation among the listeners. Mr. Bambridge gave an ejacula tion in which " brimstone" was the mildest word, and Mr. Hawley, knitting his brows and bending his head forward, exclaimed, '•What ?—where did the man die f : "At Stone-court," said the draper. "The housekeeper said he was a. relation of the master's. He came there ill on Friday." "Why, it was on Wednesday I took a glass with him," interposed Bambridge. "Did any doctor attend liim?" said Mr. Hawley. "Yes, Mr. Lydgate. Mr. Bulstrode sat up with him one night He died the third 'morning." ■ " Go on, Bambridge," said Mr. Hawley, in sistently. " What did this fellow Bay about Bulstrode ?" The group had already become larger, the town clerk's presence being a guarantee that something worth listening to was going on there; and Mr. Bambridge delivered his narrative in the hearing of seven. It was mainly what we know, including the fact about Will Ladislaw, with some local colour and circumstance added: it was what BuD strode had dreaded the betrayal of—and hoped to have buried for ever with the corpse of Raffles—it was that haunting ghost of his earlier life which as he rode past the archway of the Green .Dragon he was trusting that Providence had delivered him from. Yes, Providence. He had not confessed to him self yet that he had done anything in the way of contrivance to this end; he had accepted what seemed to have been offered. It was impossible to prove that he had done anything which hastened the departure of that man's souL , , But this gossip about Bulstrode spread through Middlemarch like the smell of fire. Mr. Frank Hawley followed up his informa tion by sending a clerk whomhe could trust to Stone-court on a pretext of inquiring about hay, but really to gather all that could be learned about Raffles and his illness from Mrs. AbeL In this way it came to his know ledge that Mr. Garth had earned the man to Stone-court in his gig ;, and Mr. Hawley in consequence took an opportunity of seeing Caleb, calling at his office to ask whether he had time to undertake an arbitration if > it were required, and then asking him inciden tally about Raffles. Cgleb was betrayed into no' word injurious to -Bulstrode beyond the fact, which he was forced to admit,- that he had given upacting for him, within • the last week. Mr. Hawley drew his inferences, and feeling convinced that Raffles had told his story to Garth, and that Garth had given up • Bulstrode's affairs in consequence, said so a few hours later to Mr,: Toller. The state ment was passed on until it had quite lost the: stamp of an inference, and was taken as information coming straight from Garth, so ; that even a diligent: historian might have j concluded Galeb to be the chief publisher of Bulstrode's misdemeanours. 1 . i Mr. Hawley, was not slow to perceive that i thete was no handle for the law either in the revelations made by Raffles or in the circum stances of Ms death. He had himself ridden to liowick village that he might look at the regfeter and,talk over the whole matter with : Mr.jFarebrotkpr, who was not more surprised < than the lawyer that an ugly secret should havp come to light apput Bulstrode, though he haa always had justice enough in him to hinder liis antipathy from turning into con clusions. But while they were talking another combination was silently going for ward in Mr. Farebrotlier's • mind, which foreshadowed what was soon to be loudly spoken of in Middlemarch as a necessary " putting of two and two together." With the reasons which kept Bulstrode in dread of Rallies there flashed the thought tliat the dread might hare something to do frith his munificence towards his medical man; and though he resisted the suggestion that it had been consciously accented in any way as a bribe, he had a foreboding that tnis compli cation of things might be of malignant effect on Lydgate's reputation. He perceived that Mr. Hawley knew nothing at present of the sudden relief from debt, and he himself was careful to glide away from all approaches towards the subject. " Well," he said, with a deep breath, want ing to wind up the illimitable discussion of what might hare been, though nothing could be legally proven, *' it is a strange story. So our mercurial Ladislaw has a queer genealogy! A high-spirited young lady and a musical Polish patriot made a likely enough stock for km to spring from, but I should never have suspected a grafting of the Jew pawnbroker. However, there's nd knowing what a mixture will turn out beforehand. Some sorts of diit serve to clarify." "It's just what I should have expected,", said Mr. Hawley, mounting his horse. "Any cursed alien blood, Jew, Corsican, or gypsy." "1 know he's one of your black sheep, Hawley. But he is really a disinterested,, unworldly fellow," said Mr. Farebrother, smiling. "Ay, ay, that is your Wliiggish twist," said Mr. Hawley, who had been in the habit of saying apologetically that Farebrother was such a damned pleasant good-hearted fellow you would mistake him for a Tory. Mr. Hawley rode home without thinking of Lydgate's attendance on Raffles in any other light than as a piece of evidence on the side of Bulstrode. But the news that Lydgate had all at once become able not only to get rid of the execution in his house but to pay all his debts in Middlemarch was spreading fast, gathering round it conjec tures and comments which gave it new body and impetus, and soon filling the ears of other persons besides Mr. Hawley, who were not slow to see a significant relation between this sudden command of money and Bul strode's desire to stifle the scandal of Raffles. That themoney came from Bulstrode would in fallibly have been guessed, even if there had. been no direct evidence of it; for it had before hand entered into the gossip about Lydgate's affairs, that neither his father-in-law nor his own family would do anything for him, and direct evidence was furnished, not only bv a clerk at the bank, but by innocent Mrs. Bulstrode herself, who mentioned the loan to Mrs. Plymdale, who mentioned it to her daughter-in-law of the house of Toller, who mentioned it generally. The bnsiness was felt to be so public and important that it required dinners to feed it, and many invi tations were just then issued and accepted on the strength of this scandal concerning Bulstrode and Lydgate; wives, widows, and single ladies took their work and went out to tea oftener than usual; and all public con viviality, from the Green Dragon to Dollop's, gathered a zest which could not be won from the question whether the Lords would throw • out the Reform Bill. For hardly anybody doubted that some scandalous reason or other was at the bottom of Bulstrode's liberality to Lydgate. Mr. Hawley, indeed, in the first instance, invited a select party, including the two physicians, with Mr. Toller and Mr. Wrench, expressly to hold a close discussion as to the proba bilities of Raffles's illness, reciting to them - all the particulars which had been gathered from Mrs. Abel in connexion with Lydgate's certificate, -that the death was due to delirium tremens ; and the medical gentlemen, who all stood undisturbedly on tbe -old paths in relation to this disease declared tnat they coud see nothing in these particulars which could be transformed into a positive ground of suspicion. But the moral grounds of sus picion remained : the strong motives Bul strode clearly had for wishing to be rid of Raffles, and the fact that-at this .critical moment he had given Lydgate the help which he must for some time have known the need for; the. d spositian, moreover, to believe that Bulstrode would be unscrupulous, and the absence of any indisposition ■ to believe that Lydgate might be as easily bribed as other haughty-minded men when, they hare found themselves in want of money. Even if the money had been given merely to make him hold his tongue about the scandal of Bulstrode's earlier life, the fact threw an odious light on Lydgate, wh* had long been sneered at as making himnplf subservient to the banker for the sake of working himself into predominance, and dis crediting the elder members of liis profession. Hence, in suit# of the negative as to any direct sign of gnilt in relation to the death at Stone-court, Mr. Hawley's select party broke up with the sense that the affair had "an ugly look." But this vague conviction of indetermin able guilt, which was enough to keep up much head-shaking and biting innuendo even among substantial professional seniors, had for the general mind all the superior power of mystery over fact. Everybody liked better to conjecture how the thing was; than simply to know it; for conjecture soon became more confident than knowledge, and had a more liberal allowance for the incompatible. Even the more definite scandal concerning Bul strode's earlier life was, for some minds, melted into the mass of mystery, as so muck lively metal to be poured out in dialogue, and to take such fantastic shapes as heaven, pleased. This was the tone of thought chiefly sanctioned by Mrs. Dollop, the spirited land lady of the Tankard, in Slaughter-lane, who haa often to resist the shallow pragmatism, of customers disposed to think that their reports from tne outer world were ote^ual force with what had "come up" in her mind. How it had been brought to her she didn't know, biit it was there before her as.'if it had been scored with the chalk on tho chimney-board- -"as Bulstrode. should say, his inside was that black as if the.kaus ofhis head knowed the thoughts of bfa Tiffin tear'em up by the roots." C > V " That's odd," said Sfr. Limp, a meditative shoemaker, with weak eyes and a piping voice. "Why, I read in the Trumpet that was what the Duke of Wellington said when he turned his coat and went over to the Romans." "Very like," said Mrs. Dollop. "If. one raskill said it, it's more reason why another should. But, hypocrite as . he'/sbeen, and holding things with that high hand, as there whs 110 parson i* the country good enough for him, he was forced to take OldHarry into his counsel, and Old Harry's been too many for him." ■ \- "' Ay, ay, he's a 'complice you can't send out jo' the country," staidMr. Crahbe, the glazier, who gathered much newrB and groped among it dimly. "But 'bV hiiatT can make out, there's them says Bulstrode whs for run ning away, for fear o' being found out, before now." " He'll be drove away, whether or no,"said Mr. Dill, the barber, who had just dropped in. ' " 1 shaved Fletcher, Hawley's clerk, this morning—he'* got a bad finger—and he saya they're ail of one mind to get rid o* Bulstrode. Mr. Tbesicer is tarried against him, and wants him cat o' the pr.rish. There's gentle men in tbss town says they'd as soon dine with a feDow from the hulks. ' And a deal •sooner I would.'says Fletcher: 'for what's more against one's stomach than a man coming and making himself bad company with his religion, and giving out as the Ten Commandments are not enough for him, and all the while he's worse than half the men at the tread-mill? Fletcher said sa himself." " ItU be a had thing for the town, though, if Bulstrode's money goes out of it," said Mr. limp, quaveringly. " Ah, there's better folks spend their money worse," said a firm-voiced dyer, whose crimson hands looked out of keeping with his good-natured face. " But be won't keep his money, by what I can make out," said the glazier. "Don't they say as there's somebody can strip it off him ? By what I can understan', they could take every penny oft him, if they went to lowing." " No such thing said the barber, who felt himself a little above his company at Dollop's, but liked it none the worse. "Fletchers says it's no such thing. He save they might prove over and over again whose child this young Ladislaw was, and they'd do no more than if they proved I came out of the Fens—he couldn't touch a penny." " Look you there now f* said Mrs. Dollop. ■ indignantly. "I thank the Lord he took ! my children to himself, if that's all the law j can do for the motherless. Then by that, it's o" no use who your father and mother is. But as to listening to what one lawyer says without asking another—I wonder at a man ©' your cleverness, Mr. DilL It's well known there's always two sides, if no more : else who'd go to law, I should like to know ? If s a poor tale, with all the law as there is up and down, if it's no use proving whose child you are. Fletcher may say that if he likes, but I say, don't Fletcher me r Mr. Ml affected to laugh in a complimen tary way at Mrs. Dollop, as a woman who was more than a match for the lawyers; being disposed to submit to much twitting from a landlady who had a long score against him. "If tbey come to lawing, and it's all true as folks say, there's more to be looked to nor money,"* said the glazier. "There's this poor creetur as is dead and gone: by what I can make out, he'd seen the day when he was a deal finer gentleman nor Bulstrode." " Finer gentleman! Ill warrant him," said Mrs. Dollop: "and a far pereonabler man, by what I can hear. As I said when Mr. Baldwin, the tax-gatherer, comes in, a-gtand ing where you sit, and says, ' Bulstrode got all his money as he brought into this town by fid swindling,*—I said, ' Y< thieving and swindling,*—I said, ' You don't make me no wiser, Mr. Baldwin: it's set my blood a-creeping to look at him ever sin' he came here into Slaughter-lane a-wanting to buy the bouse over my head: folks don't look the colour o* the dough-tub and stare at you as if they wanted to see into your back bone for notningk.' Tliat was what I said, and Mr. Baldwin can bear me witness." "And in the rights of it too,"said Mr. Crabbe. "For by what I can make out, this Baffles, as they call him, was a lusty, fresh coloured man as you'd wish to see, and the best o' company—though dead he lies in Lbwiek churcli-yard sure enough; and by what I can understan', there's them knows more than they should know about how he got there." "Fll believe you !" said Mra. Dollop, with a touch of scorn at Mr. Crabbe's apparent dimness. " When a man's been 'ticed to a lone house, and there's them can pay for hospitals and nurses for half the country-side cfhoose to be sitters-up night and day, and nobody to come near but a doctor as is known to stick at nothingk and as poor as he can hang together, and after that so flush o* money as he can pay off Mr. Byles the botcher as his bill has been running on for the best o' joints since last Michaelmas was a twelvemonth—I don't want anybody to come and tell me as there's been more going on nor the Prayer- book's got a service for—I don't want to stand winking and blinking and thinking." Mrs. Dollop looked round with the air of a landlady accustomed to dominate her company. There was a chorus of adhesion from the more courageous; but Mr. Limp, after taking a draught, placed his flat bauds together and pressed them hard between his knees, looking down at them with blear-eyed contemplation, as if the scorching power of Mrs. Dollop's speech had quite dried up and nullified his wits until they could be brought round again by further moisture. "Why shouldn't they dig the man up, and haCe thecrowner f said the.dyer. " It's been done many and many*8 the time. If there's been feral play they might find it out." "Not they, Mr. Jonas," said Mrs. Dollop, emphatically. " I know what doctors are. They're a deal too cunning to be found out. Andthis Doctor Lydgate that's been for cutting up eveiybody before the breath was well out o their body—it's plain enough what use he wanted to make o' looking into respectable people's insides. He knows, drugs, you may be sure, as you can neither smell nor see, neither before they're swallowed nor after. Why, I've seen drops myself ordered by Doctor Gambit, as is our club doctor and a good charikter, and has brought more live children into the world nor ever another i' Middlemarch—I say I've seen drops myself as made no difference whether they was in the glass or out, and yet have griped you the next day. So 111 leave your own sense to judge. Don't tell me! All I say is, it's a mercy tbey didn't take this Doctor Lydgate on to our club. There's many a mother's child might ha' rued it." The beads of this discussion at " Dollop's" had been the common theme among all classes in the town, bad been carried to Lowick Parsonage on one side and to Tipton Grunge on the other, had come fully to the ears of the Vincy family, and had been dis cussed withsad reference to "poor Harriet" by all Mr#. Bnlstrode's friends. before Lyd cate knew distinctly why people were look ing strangelyat him, qua before Bulstrode himself suspected the betrayal of liis secrets. He Md/pdt been aeenstomea to very cordial relatidm'bi^ bie -neisbhonrs, and hence he coula'fiot'lmisS the signs of cordiality; more over, be had been taking journeys on busi nessbf t^pm'kinds, having now made up his biiiiijn tnafbe need not quit Middle roardft, hnfl'feeling able, consequently, to deteimine bhmattera which he had before "v" " We will make a journey to Cheltenham • in thS'i&tffse; of a month or two," lie had said "Thereare great spiritual advantages 'to be hod in that town along witbfhWir' abd' ilUte Maters, and six weeks Heww" wMwea in the spiritual ad vahta^/nnd meaht that his life henceforth slioula be the moredevpted because of those j later Sins wl^ to himself as j IrtbofheHc, braying bvpotbeticaliy for their ■wlon^tf I have herein transgressed," i J-7V41 A i ^ J ! As to the hospital, he avoided sayi^? i anything further to Lydciti, ieariiig to manifest a too sudden <; nature of plans im mediately on the death of Raffles- In his secret soul he believed that Lydgate sus j*cted his orders to hare been intentionally I disobeyed, and suspecting this fie must also i suspect a motive. Bat nothing had been I betrayed to him as to the history of Raffles, I and Bnlstrode was anxious not to do any thing which would give emphasis to his undefined suspicions. As to any certainty that a particular method of treatment would either save or kill, Lydgate himself was con stantly arguing against such dogmatism : he had no right to speak, and he had everr motive for being silent. Hence Bnistmle felt himself providentially secured. The only incident he had strongly winced under liad been an occasional encounter with Caleb Garth, who, however, had raised his hat with mild gravity. Meanwhile, on the part of the principal townsmen a strong determination was grow ing against him A meeting was to be held in the Town-hall on a sanitary question which had risen into pressing importance by the occurrence of a cholera case in the town. Since the act of Parliament, which had been hurriedly passed, ; authorising assessments for sanitary measures, there had been a board for the : superintendence of such measures appointed in AQddlemarch, and much cleansing and preparation had been concurred in by Whigs and Tories. The question now was, whether a piece of ground outside the town should be secured as a burial-ground by means of assess ment or by private subscription. The meet ing was to be open, and almost everybody of importance in the town was expected to be there. Air. Bulstrode was a member of the board, and just before 12 o'clock he started from the bank with the intention of urging the plan of private subscription. Under the hesitation of his projects, he had for some time kept himself in the background, and he felt that be should this morning resume his old posi tion as a man of action and influence in the public affairs of the town where he expected to end his days. Among the various persons going in the same direction, he saw Lydgate: they joined, talked over the object "of the meeting, and entered it together. It seemed that everybody of mark had been earlier than they. But there were still spaces left near the head of the large central table, and they made their way thither. Air. Faxebrother sat opposite, not far from Mr. Hawley: all the medical men were there ; Mr. Thesiger was in the chair, and Mr. Brooke of Tipton was on his right hand. Lydgate noticed a peculiar interchange of glances when he and Bulstrode took their seats. After the business had been fully opened by the chairman, who pointed out the advantages of purchasing by subscription a piece of ground large enough to be ulti mately used as a general cemetery. Mr. Bulstrode, whose rather high- pitched but subdued and fluent voice the town was used to at meetings of this sort, rose and asked leave to deliver his opinion. Lydgate could see again the peculiar interchange of glances ! before Air. Hawley started up, and said, in his firm resonant voice, "Mr. Chairman, I re I quest that before any one delivers his opinion on this point I may be permitted to speak on a question of public feeling, which not only by myself, but by many gentlemen present, is regarded as preliminary." Air. Hawley's mode of speech, even when Cublic decorum repressed his "awful inguage," was formidable in its curtness and self-possession. Air. Thesiger sanc tioned the request* Air. Bulstrode sat down, and Mr. Hawley continued. " In what I nave to say, Mr. Chairman, I am not speaking simnly on my own behalf; I am speaking with the concurrence, and at the express request of no fewer than eight of my fellow-townsmen, who are immediately around us. It is our united sentiment that Mr. Bulstrode should be called upon—and I do now call upon him—to resign public positions which he holds not simply as a tax payer, but as a gentleman among gentlemen. There are practices and there are acts which, owing to circumstances, the law cannot visit, though they may be worse than many things which are legally punishable. Honest men and gentlemen, if they don't want the company of people who perpetrate such acts, have got to defend themselves as they best can, and that is what I and the mends whom I may call my clients in this affair are determined to da I don't say that Mr. Bnlstrode has been guilty of shameful acts, but I call upon him either publicly to deny and confute the scandalous statements made against him by a man now dead, and who died in his house—the statement that he was for many years engaged in nefarious practices, ana that he won his fortune by dishonest procedures—or else to withdraw from positions which could only have been allowed him as a gentleman among gentle men." All eyes in the room were turned on Air. Bulstrode, who, since the first mention of his name, had been going through a crisis of feeling almost too violent for his delicate frame to support. Lydgate, who himself was undergoing a shock as from the terrible felt, nevertheless, that his own movement of resentful hatred was checked by that instinct of the healer, which thinks first of bringing rescue or relief to the sufferer, when he looked at the shrunken misery of Bulstrode's livid face. The quick vision that his life was after all a failure, that he was a dishonoured man, and must quail before the glance of those towards whom he had habitually assumed the attitude of a reprover—that God had disowned him before men and left him unscreened to the triumphant scorn of those who were glad to have their hatred justified —the sense of utter futility in that equivoca tion with his conscience in dealing with the life of his accomplice, an equivocation which now turned venomously upon him with the foll-grown fang of a discovered lie:—all this rushed through him like the agony of terror which fails to kill, and leaves the ear^BtiU open to the returning reave of execration. The sudden sense or exposure after there-' established sense of safety cams not to the coarse organisation of acriminal, but to the susceptible nerve of a raan whose intensest being lay in such mastery and predominance as the conditions of his life had shaped for him. But in that intense beinglay the strength of reaction. Through all Ins bodily infirmity there ran a tenacious nerve of ambitious sell preserving will, which had Continually leaped out like a flame, scattering all doctrinal fears,-and which, even while he satan object of compassion for the mercifol, was beginning to stir and -glow under his ashy paleness. Before the last words were out of Mr. Hawley's mouth, ■ Bulstrode felt that he should answer, end that his answer would be a retort. He darednot get up andsay, "I'm not guilty, the whole story is false"—even if he had ,dared this, it would have seemed to him, under bis present keen sense of betrayal, as vain as to pull, for covering to church-yard gate, Mr, Farebrother wanting to f? parsonage; and Dorothea beard the.whole said story. '• ' ; , She listened with deep interest, and ' to near twice over the facte and impressions conrerhinjr Lydgate. After at ahott silence, pautang at tee church-yard gate, And addres sing Mr. Farebrother, she Baid energetic ally— j his nakedness, a frail rag which would ren l \ at every little strain. For a few moments there was total silence, while every man in the room was looking as Bulstrode. He sat perfectly still, leaning hard against the back of his chair; he could not venture to rise, and when he began to speak he pressed his hands upon the seat on each side of him. But his voice was perfectly audible, thongh hoarser than usual, and his words were distinctly pronounced, though he paused between each sentence as if short of breath. He said, turning first toward Mr. Thesiger. and then looking at Mr. Hawley— " I protest before yon, sir, as a Christian minister, against the sanction of proceedings towards me which are dictated by virulent hatred. Those who are hostile to me are glad to believe any libel uttered by a loose tongue against me. And their consciences become strict against me. Say that tee evil speaking of which I am to be made the victim accuses me of malpractices " here Bulstnode's voice rose and took on a more biting accent, till it seemed a low ere—"who shall be my accuser? Xot men whose own lives are unchristian, nay, scandalous—not men who themselves use low instruments to carry out their ends—whose profession is a tissue of chicanery—who have been spending their income on their own sensual enjoy ments, while I have been devoting mine to advance the best objects with regard to this life and tee next" After the word chicanery there was [a growing noise, half of murmurs and half of hisses, while four persons started up at once —Mr. Hawley, Mr. Toller, Mr. Chichely, and Mr. Haekbutt; but Mr. Hawley's outburst was instantaneous, and left the others behind in silence. "If you mean me, sir, I call you and every one else to the inspection of my professional life. As to Christian or unchristian, I repu diate your canting palavering Christianity; and as to the way in which I spend my income, it is not my principle to maintain thieves and cheat offspring of their due in heritance in order to support religion Mid set myself up as a saintly Kill- joy. I affect no niceness of conscience—I have not found any nice standards necessary yet to measure your actions by, sir. And I again call upon you to enter into satisfactory explanations concerning the scandals against you, or else to withdraw from posts in which we, at any rate, decline you as a colleague. I say, sir, we decline to co-operate with a man whose character is not cleared from infamous lights cast upon it, not only by reports but by recent actions." " Allow me, Mr. Hawley," said the chair man ; and Mr. Hawley, still fuming, bowed half impatiently, and sat down with his hands thrust deep in his pockets. "Mr. Bulstrode, it is not desirable, I think, to prolong the present discussion," 6aid Mr. Thesiger, turning to the pallid, trembling man ; " I must so far concur with what has fallen from Mr. Hawley in expres sion of a general feeling, as to think it due to your Christian profession that you should clear yourself, if possible, from unhappy aspersions. I, for my part, should he willing to give you full opportunity and hearing. But I must say that your present attitude is painfully inconsistent with those principles which you have sought to identify yourself with, and for the honour of which I am bound to care. I recommend von at pre present, as your clergyman, ana one who hopes for your reinstatement in respect, to quit the room, and avoid further hindrance to business." Bulstrode, after a moment's hesitation, took his hat from the floor and slowly rose, but he grasped the corner of the chair so totteringly that Lydgate felt sure there was not strength enough in him to walkaway without support. What could he do? He could not see a man sink close to him for want of help. He rose and gave his arm to Bulstrode, and in that way led him out of the room ; yet this act, which might have been one of gentle duty aud pure compassion, was at this moment unspeakably bitter to him. It seemed as if he were putting his sign manual to that association of himself with Bulstrode of which he now saw the full meaning as it must hare presented itself to other minds. He now felt the conviction that this man, who was leaning tremblingly on his arm, had given him tee thousand pounds as a bribe, and that somehow the treatment of Raffles had been tampered with from an evil motive. The inferences were closely linked enough: the town knew of the loan, believed it to be a bribe, and believed that he took it as a bribe. Poor Lydgate, his mind straggling under the terrible dutch of this revelation, was all the while morally forced to take Mr. Bul strode to the bank, send a man off for his carriage, and wait to accompany him home. Meanwhile the business of the meeting was despatched, and fringed off into eager dis cussion among various groups concerning this affair of Bulstrode—and Lydgate. Mr. Brooke, who had before heard only im perfect hints of it, and was very uneasy that he had "gone a little too far" in countenanc ing Bulstrode, now got himself fully informed, and felt some benevolent sadness in taiirfng to Mr. Farebrother about tee ugly light in which Lydgate had come to be regarded. Mr. Farebrother was going to walk back to Lowick. , " Step into my carriage," said Mr. Brooke. I am going round to see Mrs. Casaubon. She was to come back from Yorkshire last night. She will like to see me, you know," So they drove along, Mr. Brooke chat ting with good-natured hope that there had not really been anything black in Lydgate's behaviour—a young fellow whom he had seen J° t Q1***6 above the common mark, when he brought a letter from his uncle Sir God win. Mr. Farebrother said little: be was deeply mournful: with a keen perception of human weakness, he could not be confident that under tee pressure of humiliating needs Lydgate had not fallen below himself. When the carriage drove up to the gate of the manor, Dorothea was out on the grovel ana came, to greet them. "WeU, my dear," said Mr. Brooke, "we hayejust come from a meeting—a sanitary meeting, you know." J Was^Mr. Ly^ate thereT' said Dorothea, wto looked rail of health and animation, and stood with het head bare under the fnfhare W®' the hospitpf I have enghgRith Mr?Bub strode to do so." "Oh/my dear," said Mr. Brooke, " we have been bearing bad news—bad news, You know." * f' You don't believe that Mr. Lydgate is guilty of anything base? I willnotpelieve it. 'Let us find out the truth ana dear him J" 