OBTRUSIVE EMUS. I From the Wagga Wagga Express, July 13th The omit is beginning to assert a right to his " native heath " with an amount of force that proves how much he has been benefited by civilisation. An instance of the energetic roses dance which the bird attempts to any further oncroiicliiiieiits of humanity upon its domain recently occurred on Bullenbong Plains. Mr. Robbins, the local Nimrod, was driving across the plain in question on Friday last, when he came upon a flock of about 300 emus. The birds were a considerable distance from him when he first observed them, but instead of their manifesting any alarm at his approach, they awaited it quietly, and when within a hundred yards of him, a portion made a move in the direction, of the vehicle and its owner. past. With stately and decided steps they approached, headed by a very Goliath of an emu -a patriarchal bird who long had fed upon the plain, and had grown, ancient upon the ground which his forefathers had trod unmolested, save by the occasional spear of the blackfellow. sIr. Robbins, who had never witnessed this idiosyn- crazy upon the part of the birds before, awaited their approach with becoming fortitude and a gun. When the birds got within about 80 yards he fired, and the leader of the van paid the penalty of his curiosity with a most undignified somersault. The shot, however, was not fatal, and the wounded bird made off, perform- ing at intervals acrobatic feats similar to the first. sIr. Robbins then jumped from his seat to follow up the enemy and, when within reach of it, was apprised of the fact by a well-directed kick in the stomach from the bird. He collapsed at about five yards distance, whither the force of the blow sent him. He promptly picked himself up again, and unchained his dog, known by the expressive appellation of " The Fool," from the back of the trap. The Pool " considered himself equal to the occasion, and followed the foe. I No sooner had he overtaken it, however, than a similar resistance to that experienced by Mr master met him. Mr. Robbins at this juncture appeared upon the scene, and the other emus, seeing the reinforcement, closed up to fight for their native soil and wounded companion. The latter yielded up the ghost decorously after an appeal in the shape of a second No. 1 cartridge, and the fight waxed warm for some time; nor was it until four of their whilom comrades strewed the plain that this flock left it to the possession of the food. One of the birds Mr. Robbins secured to his trap, and skinned that night by his camp fire, but the others, owing to their weight, were allowed to remain as memorials of the encounter. 