NEWS AND NOTES. -Mission Life. Our English telegram brings theimportant nows that the ex-Emperor of the French, Louis Napoleon, is dead. He died on the 9th January; after undergoing the operation of lithotomy. An ; accident paatrrfii- on Thursday night in the Melbourne road," by which & littlp .boy, nine years old, was seriously injured; ** It- appears tkat. while playing in the road a timber waggon' was passing upon which the HttTe fellow - jumped up:bchind, -hut, slipping liis' foot, became. entangled; between the:spokes and the waggon; and was fearfully crushed;' His; father,-Mr Maurice Bruter, immediately sent for Dr'Butler, who recommended the boy's removal to the hospital, where he : was progressing favorably yesterday. : . A correspondent sends us the delighted to inform you that. the. bunyip has been cean -in Wendouree. At* Fry’s mill a few evenings ago' two respectable men secreted themselves; and were rewarded. The sound emittedclosely resembles the bleating of.a .large calf; or,, perhaps, to.be exact, between that and the sound' of a Jorge 'drainl* ’ Well, after waiting for.two hours, sure, enough he made liis appearance and rolled along a distance of ton. yards, 'sending tho water about- in fmB- style; ■ body likea large pig, face of a calf,' with long mane. He has been seen hear Brown’s, where his. peculiar call can be heard. any evening after sundown. Asa pioneer.! ■ cannot'tell you the; pleasure this discovery has‘ given mi" We " have ’. no rate,’; 'no ghosts, '.and the: spirits me- :a- failurh here,.-, but the bunyip! For a week I have known nothing but .delights, J have seen the bunyip myself. I wish I had not. Personal acquaintance with him has proved him a delusion, Alasf tbfs has been my fate so often. * I heard the dreadful , sound pa above—it came from a: bittern—it has a peculiar bellowing cry, which has obtained for it the name of Mire-drum, Bull of the Bog; aud its name (Bitour, Botur,Botaurus) ; see the books. Now for the other phenomena. It. is ;cansed by the musk-duck. The male bird is as large. ■ as a. common gwso, with most peculiar wings, or rather -paddles—sea. description genus Biziura—with which ; he scuttles along, every now and again sending the water high up in the air; certainly over five feet, and making a great commotion. Go up to the Swamp any ..moderately clear night; you will certainly hear the : Bunyip, and with a little patience and imagination yon’will alsQ eeo Ifim.” ; ‘ . ■ '- In addition to; -the ap.afds mentioned in the Star fit yesterday, the following kayo b.ean made by-the Commissioners ,of. the Exhibition Witbell, \--Ballarat,, flowers -in'wax 'andVfeathem; bon.: mention.' .Wm. Matthews; .CogkilTs .Creek,- oats;, silvor. medal; do, bronze medMfor cheeses. .John Kelsall, Ballarat, bronze medal for'soap and candles.'' Mount Ararat Meat-preserving Company, silver preserved meats. . Mrs T. Lang, hon. washing .tabfe. Tk6mM^us3eU J -: : i llokewc)od, gold medidfifor ''wool; to "A^Ajrrnßtroog r v : ghelfoh3,. aUverj medaljjand brOnze medal RussS[l,jCarngham;|3s D. Qreives, 'ofSkiptoh, having Company, siivejjj medal, jior antimony. SkjPjlphn, wifeze. for'-stufjed Geeh'awardedifis follows:—For" Scientific Invemions and New Discoveries—Captain Baker, Dunolly, New tonian reflecting Roff and Cos.. Sullivan’s. Tlilinfectanr^eparationsr-'S.'R. DevereFl, • in recogni tiohf of »hlsj researches .forrthejdevelopmcnt.df oceaup wive power. We learn by telegram th'at.fhe fblloinng. "additional“award*was mide'"'yestCTd^ :^9h'n‘ Foordp Ballarat, for bacon’arid'hamsj-brohzemiedal. j A lad "named Jame3 Cookson, who has for some time been an out-patient of the hospital, suffering from ah injury to oneioff -.on Friday, while going home frbmtha'hospital, thrown" 1 out "of the cart in which he was seated^which caused such in juries, to. the already injured, knee, that itwas,fopncL ‘ necessaiy)to admit himitotliei hospital as an ihdo'oiv; patient. . .. . , Lung Sing was' yesterday arrested "by Constable Shine, charged'with ttealing a; set 'oxcart harness, the property of Mr Meyer, Percydale, on the 10th inst. It appears by the warrant'that the robbery was com mitted at 4 a.m. on Friday-morning, and at 5 p.m. of the same day he was a£rested at Ballarat, the distance between the .two . places ,being, 45. miles. , Lung: fifing;.; must'have thought this'smart.work . ’. ;V... ;The members of the ‘Water Commission, ah’the" meeting on Friday, recognised'' the valuable services qf their-'secretary/'-Mr-W:' Thomson,' inor warding,the interests'of the' cdmmissioh during . the Public hoicks .Loan. B|tt .through ParUameht,.by. . vpt : , ing himi a’ bonus'of £5O? "-Tmvote wascamed..unani-! mously; , : the - general opinion being that was-well merited.; j. i At the meeting, of the StaweUshire Council held J 'on; Tuesday list,‘the Victorian Finance and Agency Com-; -pany (Limited) were the successful tenderers for the loan, at a : premium of : 1 per cent; This offer was far ’ more liberal than any other, the .nest to it being that' of the-Ballarat Banking Compa'ny,'at J. per cent., pre mium. ’/'v 1 ,;/ ’’y v... A meeting of the administrative council of the School of Mines was held on Thursday,; present' ; his' Honor Judge Rogers (in the, chair),P Messrs Caselli, Flude, Serjeant,'Usher,-M.D,) Wheeldon,' 1 and Wood., With respect to; a;rumor''Hiat,; improper acqess had; been had. to emmihation ; papers,'a report; had been; made, and it was resolved —“ That.-the internal evi dence and the of Mr .Serjeant .show most, satisfactorily that. ,'io • candidate, had access, to any; examination papers untilafter the examination on the"; (subject of the paper was closed.”; It was further, rev solved—“ That the.thanks of this council be given Mr Serjeantfbr having-called attention to the rumors, afloat on the subject Of the : examination papers,, and; enabling this council to ascertain .that;, no improper access to the examination papers .had been obtained by anypupU.or; any , other person.” ", Mr Vice-president.: . Newman "Having resigned, .it.was agreed- that the coun-' : "cU be recommended to constitute, him an honorary; life governor, in. recognition of his valuable services.- It was also agreed that the resident master have leave of absence to 21st inst., when his agreement will ter minate. In the matter of the appointment of lecturers it; was ordered-Jhat the foUowing gentlemen be recom mended for appointment:—Mr Victor, in mathe matics, mechanics, and natural philosophy; Mr Ive, in mining and land surveying; Mr Serjeant/in the prin ciples and practice of mining; Mr Flude, in metallurgy and chemistry; and that his Honor:Judge, Rogers be authorised to make arrangements for the delivery of a course' of Bis lectures in mineralogy and geology;-It was ordered also that the registrar superintend the general discipline of the school so far as may be neces sary to preserve order in- the -several lecture rooms. It was resolved that Mr Ford be appointed honorary auditor, and that the 'hooks,'&c.; be audited to 31st December, 1872. It was decided that communication be forthwith effected, under- the superintendence of Mr Caselli,. between the chemical and metalluigical. laboratories, and that the' several miningcompanies be applied to for support, and- -that the registrar write suitableletters.; accordingly. ... .The administrative {council having sat for'three and VhMf hours thenad -1 joumed to 4 p.m., on Wednesday, the 15th inst. The following has been sent'to us by a correspond ent, andlseejns-tobe intended for a joke, but (certainly with a very .obvious,mpral:-r“ a understand that oiir member—Major Smith —with some of our leading men; have matured their plans and are ready with aproposition for making a direct, ;line of railway to (Melbourne... It is proposed to start from the Gymna sium Reserve in Ballarat East, and passing’ through Gordon, Ballan, and Bacchus' Marsh ' join the Murray line at Keilor. The lengtk'oE the line will be under sixty miles. Asingle'line can-bebuiltrand provided with;cnglnes, rolling-stock, and hardwood Stations for: ,£7OOO a mile, and such a hne_ would be Bafe with a "speed of seventeen miles an hour. The whole co3t will be over £400,000, a sum not- largely in excess of the cost of the line. - from - Ballarat East; to: Ballarat West, including the two stations.;. The present line from hereto Melbourne, by way of Geelong, is.said to; have cost between three and four millions,-so that any competition with the new line will be out of the 'question. The land-ownersalong the new line would be unwise did they not make liberal terms for the land, and also take ,np the shares. It is: expected that -passengers ban be delivered under the present time by half anhqur, and that the,rate can be reduced.to. one half tbe'pfesent charges. on goods and passengers, and ; 20 per cent, be secured to' the shareholders, and this without reckoning anything for the wayside traffic, which is considerable.” Mr Mollison, P.M., who is acting for'Mr Gaunt ‘during the absence of the latter from Ballarat, sat for the first time in the City Court on Friday. i The charge against J.ohn-Shield Williams,: for frau-. dulently attempting to " conceal a. debt due by him tf> the Mutual Assurance SecietyAfter' the sequestration of his estate, was partly heard at the City Police court on Friday,:,but after;one or - two witnesses ■■ were examined the case' was "further adjourned for a „week, for the. production of certain papers necessary to .the prosecution; ‘ (. " ~/,‘V , The annual meeting of subscribers to the Cfeswiek Benevolent Society was held on- Thursday last, in the Council Chambers,, the president being ( in’, the chair. The balance-sheet produced by the hon. secretary, Mr J. Roycraft, exbibitad £BB 18s 7d of a balance 'at the bank, after giving relief during the past year to 34 families.,, „The:whole of the' retiring 1 committee were re-elected. .. . - . ....... , A lad named Bright, of Dean,-received a fracture of. the leg on Friday, through being, knocked down by a . horse attached to a cart which he was holding.bolting, in Albert street, Creswick and the wheels passing over him. Asa rule (writes.our local correspondent) there is ■ never much stirring in Burrumbeet, but the Jadies in that locality are at present very busy with their fingers in preparing a number of fancy and " useful articles for a bazaar, to be held early in .March next ' , in aid of the school building at the township. The committee.has- already received several Handsome " do nations, not only in money but in goods, and with others to follow, the bazaar; certainly should-proveV success. • ■ • • -• . . --.M- .'■■■: ■ A man named- Thomas Parker was arrested'yester day, and lodged in the Eastern" lock- up, charged with stealing a shirt,-value 12s 6d,;for/which ah;owner i3 .required by the police. ... ' We were ,the”. smarcest, in Victoria, but they have not: ’equalled the zeal of a Cfeswiek.Jre. fighter. Touching the fire there on Thursday rught,,tire Advertiser. says:-. : —‘.One of oar respected townsmen! in his zeal to get. thoßose-camage oht of the,engine-house, ran,across, with no'other covering than his. night-shirt.". ■ .• . At the meeting of the Water Commission, held on Friday, it was decided that in future the meetings of tf l6 commission be held at the .offices in Lewis street . instead of the Eastern Town-hall, as at'present." '' -The meeting of the Smythesdaie Local Board of Health on Thursday evening fell through for want of a quorum. The mayor and CouncUlora Keith and Jones were in attendance. The meeting-was ad ■journed till Monday evening at seven o’clock,:on the understanding that should there not then be a quorum the-meeting shall be held on the evening of the next ordinary councjl meeting. .: r Yesferday’s Serald_Bays;—“ )y e are irifprme'd ! that a merchant of tins city actually forwarded, a gonjmuni-; cation to the Government a week._or two ago, stating , he'and a number of others were prepared to sub soribe £lOOO fo fit out a.vessel for ,the purpose of de positing Dr James Patrick 'Murmy bn the island of Bougainville, and onty asking that they might be guaranteed against a prosecution.’ Mr Francis appa rently treated;the.matter as a hoax, for no replv. was; vouchsafed. Of course the doctor would have’to be" , kidnapped as part of the scheme.” • . The aqnual meeting of subscribers to the.Creswick Hospital was held in tlje Cquncil Chambers on-Thurs day afternoon. The president, Mr A. Lexers, read a most satisfactory report of tiro institute, which ap pears tojbe greatly increasing;in: popularity since Drt :Tre"niearne became the" House-surgeon. The commit tee has placed, female nurses in,the wards, not bemg able to, get wardsmen to. attend properly to the ir pljango found to work satisfactorily. The commit tee have reduced .the overdraft at the' bank to £94. The retiring members of pornfflittee, viz., Messrs‘F." . N. Martin, J. Anderson, Thos. Cooper, and J. Steyen-' son, were re-elected. 1 A trial of an improved • threshing and winnowing machine recently received from’ the manufacturers, Messrs Clayton and Shuttleworth, of Lincoln, by their agents, p. Welch and Cos;, Queen street, was held pp \7ednesday ajb : yards/, of • the latter. • An important’ impfovemeiit tde idde in the the side 1 in Meh deep girder, by, axles.''ln the of the frajfih? WM -weight being, Sjrown'there, iwSapt to Bink in that part, and castjHie whofe oE order. The new ho perceptible deflection-shaving.J>eeui produced even by a load of ten tons placed bn the.centre of one side of. trireme. giyatei. accuracy. ;than-was.pos-_ sible in the'ordinary construction i3 obtained by this' ftpeftidtl, framo forms the foundation for all the rmoving par£s“of- the machine. . Some improvements "rirealao liffecfeHin'themachlSeryJdjy'\fEch"asiavmg" ofj power is obtained~hhd-the' , ~’3inount of friction lessepedT7 Tfie r new' machine .ib .much, and diirabM'tiian ihe ordmafyikmdfahd cah'be.dnveh',, by engines of lessi;powen;'tMtercoat'is:;about £270,,] biitythe iherdasS on' thsjgrice'of; the- pl the"n3e' r in’thh' J ifonf : ahd 'nbt fe ,; any exti&’J for the improvements. .V’.The:trialjyester jday was a very<\- satisfactorjf-'dheS- and the value of '•the machine was -acknowledged - even by. rival-manu-- facturers. w-G -I 'i' i : .'.>r ->.> •>!> '• i; jin] 'accordance''' with 1, the; /at the. the- residence area".' question 'last Monday' evening, appointing a meeting to consider and bring. up a-fepdrfc' thereon >to’k evening 3 i£essFS ; R.., jßaker, - Hedges, Say'le, Hall,' and talker-assembled at the Alfred. Hall. It transpired. that no circulars had,been.sent or any provhibnj.made, for convening'"the committee f'ahd Mr Baker being.' vbted to tbechair-pand Mr- Hedges appointed-toiact as secretary,. a .resolution .was - carried ,adjourning .the instant, the secretary' to; i cdnvene:Buch'meeting.by circular..:!. ..i Hu .i,. & jThe;;,'^W.li.H.]are.i : their, brethren :in ; armsin the way of! shooting. The; members of :; the above ! trdop'having'fdrmed’;a rifle : blub. A meetingwasheldiast evemng m their Orderly-' room-for the purpose' of electing office-bearers and to confirm a code of rules-for their guidance. The fal lowing office-bearers' were elected,riai-PaHon, Lieut.. : Cbiohei ,Kedej . president, rSurgeon ';Nichblson; vice presideut, Lieuti 'Maddenphandicapers,-Messrs Purdue and Beck; treasurer,-Mr J; A. Wilson; hon. sec., Mr S. Deeble.—The club -is mot:re3tricted-to members of the P.W.L.H. only, members of the B.V.R. being eligible as members. Matehes. will be held every month, and on the day that'the members of the troop fire for. the badges. Each, member of the club.is to subscribe a 'sum-every month,' out of which -prizes will be bought and be distributed-., on the ground at the close of each match. The club at present numbers thirty members, but they expect to have double that' number shortly. The first match will take place at the butts on the 20th:o£'thia month; ii'C At the annual meeting; of: the Loyal. British iodgey. P1A.F.5.0.Y., held at the' lodge-room, Societies’'Hall,', i Greh- riUe'Btoeet,‘the.'fpllbwihg .brethren;were! elected! I and duly instsdled inV.their - various: offices for the ensuing term:—Br C.iStewart,'P:M.;-WiM.,'J. Pill; D.M., G. Young; treasurer," D. Stalker; secretary- pro tem., -P. -G.-Havisp..elders,-C.. Taylor,-1.-Dowues;- assistant secretaries, J. Whykes and J. Miller; 1.G., Br Gordon; 0.G., Br Witters. ~,. I The Crcstoici Advertiser say 3—“3 —“ Amo3t-revolting act of cruelty has been brought under our notice, and one which we trust willnotberepeated. Itisnoless than the setting fire to a eat after having kerosene poured oyer it; tbe poor animal being thus literally roasted alive. Amusement‘of fthis sortaa|brutal and should be severely punished." The act'referred to took place receptly-an i Melbourne road.”j. / / -y j :The half pearly meeting of the Waverley Lodge,- Order of St. Andrew,.: Scottishi constitution, took place on Thursday evening, 9th January, when the -foUowing'brethren: were duly - elected as' officers fdr the next BriT: Elliot; !D;M.;-Br- W. Hardie; S.W.’s, Brs E. Elliot (absent), B. Byers,- and.T. Martin; J.W.’s, Brs John Boothman andAViJ:. M'Carlie; secretary,. Br.W. Graham,■ re-elected;:treu-' surer, 'Br John M'Kenzie; assistant-secretary, Br A. Bell, reflected; S.T., Br J. Campbell; J.T.) Br]Dou : ] glas. Br Mudie, P.M., installed Br Gow as P.M. of the lodge. Dr Kadcliffe was re-elected surgeon, and Br Wm. Brown, chemist; and Brs David Christy and A. M'Eacharn were re-elected auditors. : The annual.meetiug-of-contributors-to. the-Clunes- District Hospital was held on Thursday evening, at the Mechanics’ Institute. -About eighteen gentlemen were present; Mr James Edwards in the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting having been con firmed, the secretary read the annual reports and balance-sheet, and the same were adopted. The elec tion of office-bearers resulted as follows :—President,' .Mr J. 'Edwards; vice-presidents,- Messrs'-W.'/Bolam :hnd W.'Keitworthy; hbn. treasurer, Mr Batson; Messrs Bland : an‘d : Eberhard; Beva.! J::E.iHerrihg,.rand.-AV.-'-D; Lelean wero elected to vacancies in ,the committee. Dr Bull was re appointed bon. medical officer.'Messrs Hickox and Prewatt were - re-clectecl auditors. - secrecy then read the building committee’s report,, recommending erection of anew wing, ct a cost of from £l2OO, to £l5OO, y. The report and recommended tion were received and adopted. A vote of thanks; .was . given theretiring: members 1 of, committee and : hon. m'edical pfficer. ' Especial reference was . made to the services of Mr J. F.‘ Deegan,. whose-resignation. was received with marked regret, and it.web;resolved; that a letter, signed by all the committee, be sent to; that gentleman, expressing the same.' . A vote-of'- thanks to the chairman concluded l the-business. : ■ < 'Since the weights for the Sydney Gold .Cup ap-: peered,'-there has':been .(says the Age) some little wagering, one-gentleman* from New South Wales -supporting Dagworth pretty freely, taking in all about . 2000 to 200 about him, since when his price" has' ; bei’ come easier, and he may now be quoted at 100 to 9; at one point less he would be still further backed, 500 ’ to 35 was' accepted about Reprieve, 500’to .20- M'CallumjMbhr, and.looo to CO Priam, with offers toi go on to a large amount, which the layer decliued, 100 to 7 being the best price now to be .got.., 1000 to 50 - was booked tdValentiuoj and a few, 100 to'. arch. ' For the' Geelbrig‘Handicap'loo to 20 was taken! about Clodhopper, ;'2OO to 40 Count, and 200 to 40 Valentine. Most of these bets were laid by the' leviathan bookmaker,- outside of which Valentine has found support for-fully £1000.;- Mr-J. Thompso'n has, a; quadruple .book., open on Geelong two Handicaps, Hurdle, and Steeple, which if not laid can. be cot at the long, price of 500 to 2so V3., , ... , . At the usual half-yearly change of officers in the : Loyal-Smythesdale. . Lodge, which took; place --at Ten- 1 brink’s Court-house hotel;: on Bth January; the; follow ing brethren were installed hi their.respective'offices:; —Br T. G. Lawse,, GAL; Br N.G.;>Bri P. Woods,,ViG.; Br. James Besti lt.S.: to N.G.; : Br: T- Brunton, L.S. to N:G.; Br W: Ratcliffe, R.S. : ;tp'YiG.;: Br W. Stevens,'L.S. to V.G.; Br James’,Goad, E.S.! Br Bishop is P.S., and Br Best, treasurer: ; The' warden and guardianvare'not'.'yet appointed. l i Six' members ,were added ;to the lodge- 'during thb last half-year; ' - There are new 79 financial members in the lodge, which has over £5OO to its credit. \- ; A correspondent of the Telegraph, writing from Port Darwin, says:—“ Silver, quicksilver, bismuth, And platina will be found sooner or later,-and as the formation is precisely similar to that of the diamond fields of. South Africa, India, and .Brazils, I have,no doubt precious stones willffigure in our, list of exports.-' The coasts, yon are'aware, are rich in all sorts of pro. ducts, and the climate; is dry,-though hot,- butiyery healthy; the only'people who have died here have only themselves to .thank, as none.-have died from natural causes. We have no doctor and there is no -ilinraa;:-ophthalmia is "prevalent, but iiot m'ora' thau in some of the Victorian country townships. The groat •want of tho eountiy is vegetables.”-- ;' ,: i.; (Age) have .been;informed,;that satisfactory financial arrangements : have been concluded which will enable the works of the'Viptofiah Beetroot Sugar Company,-Staughtouvale, :to be proceeded: : witit*as originally intended, and thus secure all the advantages contemplated during Hio ensuing season. This infor mation will doubtless' ’be- gratifying'to the present shareholders, some of whom have largely contributed ‘in securing this object. directors intimate that a few more shares taken up by the public will neverthe less be vof considerable service to the company:’ - - Messrs Mount and Morris have, drawn up a state, ment, which is published in the Melbourne papers, in which they deny any willing 'participation in the Carl horrors. _ The statement concludes as follows; “We wero victims to Murray and his crew. It may be questioned why we> did not state these things at Le vuka. The answer is, that we did not wish our names to be connected with the vessel as, .informers,, and ruany 'of'Murray's connections were intimate friends of Mount’s. Further, front what we -heard from the crew, who had been engaged in these practices' before, we were convinced that,the.wljoJe -labor trade’ was conducted illegally. From Sydney we returned to Victoria, and had we,considered ourselves responsible' -for the aotions on board the Carl) wo’ should certainly ' not have remained in the colony. We deny most em phatically that any natives,were. killed, at .any! time save on the night of theHth September, 1571.” ' At the half-yearly meeting of,,the Loyal Clunes Lodge of Oddfellows, M.U.,.the following brethren were elected, to office:—G.M., Br Storey; N.G. Br ;.G!enny»:.V-G 7i Er Molmin;' E.S., Br Bishop;' Theiustalhtw Thursday evening, by District Prov. G.M; Br Kuuc&yi; : , The Chief Secretary, was again requested on Thurs day l>y : a deputation, principally composed of clergy, men, tp take steps to secure, the , immediate return of I the Carl captives to their islands, and it was suggested that .the steamer Victoria might be u&ed; for the pur-, j PJ-*® 0, says that Mr Francis replied that i Victoria would hot. be:ready. l for sea for four qp . five weeks, and that, under , any. circumstances, as the Imperial naval authorities had'intimated their willing-’ □ess to facilitate the return of the kidnapped islanders, he; could not interfere. The deputation suggested the appointment ' of a Commission to Visiti Fiji, and exa mine the natives on-the saw no objection to fine preparatio'nof to the ilmperial'.jGiojepnpienk on j tbeKl subject, and inti mated 'might perhaprhe forwarded through tHf|colonislmuthenl;ies. -1 John jßcfge(s, aged/45, cut hia ifitpat sayst-^- 11 A;great'’deal of detenninaiwn was shown in the committal of the desperate act, as the unfortunate man must, it ia thought, have been bleeding a lt -timepund-could^asily-havemaaderbimself'hUiCrd. At about half- past nine o’clock on Thursday evening a ypry brilliant, meteor.was_ (says—the QeelongAdver- in a north easterly direction. Jt did-nbk’papjbut of sight for a .second or twcylef fca long luminous,taiCbehii\d it, and ; . W; ij‘.burst inta.jbeautiful colors.” .<. .The 1 meteor,’we may add, wa3.seemin)Baliaiat.l .> jSeveral genfiemagi’^y Advertiser) ■ anderatand, if Jpossiblei- npohofferinga reward of sEoOOcfor. the.discovery of apayable seani'of-coal within! a? convenient distanced!, Geelong,'and!£2oo Imsalready been subscribed!,'' It‘was intendedlat; first: ■to; sink an experimental shaft in the neighborhood of ■ Airey’s inlet,- where, it is said, there are good .'.indica tions of coal; but this' ideawas abandoned,, it beuig thought a handsome reward’, would be the best incen tive to experienced miners to come forward and pros-; pe’et. The £2OO has been subscribed inßums of- £5O land •fii'OO.' 11 - ' v """" *A letter has*been !( receiyed,. (saysj.the. Advertiser) frpm the private'secretary , tor-.his rExcellency d;he! Governor, acknowledging the invitation sent’him by the stewards of the Geelong Racing Club to be pre sent at the race meeting on the 30th arid 31st instant, and stating,.that . deep mourning- jprevents his Excel- : lehey from accepting the invitation. p-’ iThe French barque Victorine arrived from the coast of New Guinea,'with : guaboy touched in af;Darnley i Island, and.(says.the Age) .found the natives there particularly.hospitable : and very -kind; several inter ! changes of civilities taking place' between’ them and those on board, and .bartering, was carried on with r much fairness. J ust < prior- to leaving, Captain Le maistre purchased the preserved body of one of their r old chiefs, who was, according ;to their tradition, the first New. Guinea settler on the island, and was highly renewed,for his warlike exploits.. , A special meeting of the Wesleyan -Education Com mittee was held in Wesley Church on the;Bth inst.j to •consider'the circular issued by the Education Depart ment ,to non-vested schools. ‘ The Age says:-nThe fol lowing resolution .‘was ) vmauimousiy adopted— ‘ That, pending the issue.of regulations under the new Edu cation Act, the committee’recommends the trustees and committees of our schools,to 'avail themselves of the provisions of the tenth clause of the act) by which they will be enabled to carry on the schools for the present as heretofore, with the : exception that:'all: children attending the schools .will be entitled to.ihr stfuctionin the subjects named in the schedule with out fees; and that no : fees must be charged for any 'child for instruction -in these subjects, viz., reading, writing, arithmetic, '-grammer, geography,- drill, and where practicable, gymnastics, and sewing and needle work in addition for girls-!. .From this .(remarks, our contemporary) it .is apparent that ’ the Wesleyan schools will-be opened as State schools; 1 The Romim Catholic schools will, we learn on) good authority, be opened on Afonday under the new Education Act.”. ■ We" take, .the following /.'sporting.- .notes-” from Friday’s Express-. —“ The ,Sydney-. Gold Cup betting isince the' publication of the weights has . been some what lively.- After some little preliminary- sparring between i intending backers, 'and the bookmakers, a. commencement was made by the Leviathan laying to a well-known Sydney sporting man 2000 to 200 agst Dagworth; the backer was willing,to gorLonbut. was only oHefed'.lOO to ll;.since then, however, 100 tb-9 has.be'en.obtainable. Mr J. Thompson alsorlaid -500 ! to 35 iigst Reprieve; 500 to 20 agst M'Callum :Mphr;, 1000 to 60 agst Priam, ‘and the backer was willing.to ■take the same;wager:four.times: over. - Valentine was also-in'Remand at thousandsto fifty; it'was' bid 'ohce,' butjthe fielders would not go on'unless at a,thousand to sixty,? The spirit .thus. infu3ed- into the ring has imparted: an impulse to the Geelong- events, which; were this afternoon betted on to some amount, .Valen tine appearing -.to be ‘ the. coming horse.’ There was, however,' 5 to-Ltoibe :had about anything for either' Geelong Handicap or Cup.> .The Leviathan has laid a great many , wagers of 500 to 2 against-.the quadruple event of .‘Geelong-(Handicap,:.Cup, Race,and Steeplechase.” J . , ; The Ballarat Hast School of Design classes re-asseiu ;bled for the first time since the holidays on Friday evening at the Public Library.;As ..usual at the first meetings, the attendance was below-the num ber. The Saturday’s classes will meet at the .Library thday. ' x'f \V; ./ j To-day a match will be played on the Eastern Oval between the Press and Le_arinonth;Clubs;'and on thb -City Oval between the City arid Biiilarat.Clubs. ri : [A committee meeting of the Ballarat District Sui day-school Union will be held-on Monday- in the •United Methodist Free Church School-room', Peel street. x-.- " i The subject of the sermon at the Catholic Apostolic Church to-morrow evening will he “ History of Lord’s Work.” ~ ;In the Barkly street ‘Wesleyan Church .to-morrow-, service will,be .conducted, by the i-3tav.—: Tranter in the:morning, aiKl l)y the liev. D, Pariy in the evening. :It is notified in our advertising columns that the seats-in All Saints’-Church, Drummond street, have been, thrown;9pen.to the public.. Strangers and. others are informed'that they can enter the church and take ahy vacant seat. ,t:.. .::(.■ . 1 : The Rev. S. Uoßothwell-will preach in the Dawson street Congregational Church, to-morrow. J : A- Nigiit Visit- to Stamboul during Ramazan.— -The sun was already.set when.'we tripped, as need requires, into.the;rocking ; caique which:.was:’.to shoot ■us to Stamboul. Below, the: waters of the Golden -Horn shone like a burnished- mim>rj' i ' above ' and around, the network of mast and rigging stood out blackly pencilled;on the silver-gilt evening sky,: whilst many a lamp, set in its bracelet of fire, beamed faintly, from each soaring, minaret. .Water as well'as air' seemed in a flame;; everypuls'e of the oar struck out' a phosphoric flash, and showered tears of light- while we slummed the gleaming surface; and the°mosques’ dazzling necklaces showed larger and brighter in the fast-filling-darkness.' .But . no'sooner had we.ieff the magic water than ' romance gave way-to reality;; light waved- in .mid air .and danced and- sparkled: in the stream; but no utilitarian gas-lamp proffered its homely aid .up - the . pitch-dark streets that wiiwned before us with a deepening gloom. Could we have borrowed but one from . the myriads of' lamps which hung far away, on Muezzin’s galleries, or, like', strung beads, filled their several places in sacredfsentence or -Warlike emblem; or : had we, bowing to.; the aw, carried , each. his. own, guide. -in paper or linen, -we- should riot.-have stumbled so painfully among dogS, alive and 'dead, Snd'over such a payement of rats-and cabf-..as is wont to.cushion, the. foot of ;the -wanderer in these venerable streets. But a ,sudden glare of lamps' bursts upon us; a: pomppus'earriage, escorted by horsemen, at once jolts and liidoo :a. Fasha; then a blacker-darkness follows' his retinue. By-and-by the fitful light that shoots °“ fc opening.doors, and ' more hopefdUy ;the steady blaze of well- frequented shops, helps us on our rugged way; and for a while we linger among groups' and, coffee, and cold water ‘ and find ..ourselves in. freedom upon the Atweidan— the, Hippodrome of old. . Here the beaded bands of hght which had drawn our gaze from a distance are burning just -above our heads, and peep ;ih and oiit of the : boughs -of plane-trees, which sway to and fro withiu the sacred' preclnots; below, a blue light dim as a glow-worm, discovers, a Saracenic. cloister. ’ The chant is begun; we enter the mosque; it is that of Sultan Ahmed:’ - First we put off our shoes from oft our feet. . Not venturing, to pass beneath the een tral.dome, we content ourselves with gazing up from a modestoorner at its broad span that gathers within , . ®-.;lSfit ,°f countless lamps. Now we listen to the plaintiff harmony as it swelfs or sinks; now the grave worshippers ip orderly rows bow together, and together rise and again prostrate themselves on the pavement simultaneously, regardless of the frolicsome children" that sport around their unbroken ranks like butter flies. about strawberry beds.... But there is,little time -for eontemphition; the- gbiaours scarcely sheltered: within the dark shadows of that deep arcade, have been espied; we must'go,in spite of the eloquence of: niy- companion,, who,; by. a . rhetorical ;n}ention of ' §°2S. apd ;. f ,coHrtcsy, , ».had the evening before pre vailed oyer even Mahometan.prejudice; accordingly WBvtakqy. our leave with our shoes : and are ?W •• the.;strange devices that i bridge . the space between minaret and minaret. Here hangs, ns we fancy; a key, the symbol of Islam; there a mortar is seen, . issuing a shell steadily and noiselessly against a castle of lamps, that' as consistently, holds its ground; on this side and on that ciphers float,..and holy texts, run, though back- 1 ■wards;; and wo may confront them only where! of the Golden Horn' below. We may imagine ourselves in the garden with Aladdm;; stars above and stars beneath,:lamps on the: hahtJs ' ? et waters look f'fl ‘i&J;? M r - ®PPn.iB ; not up), except where a Sash and phosphoric gleam betray the substance of an undistinguished shadow. Once more we skini the smooth surface of the estuary, till minarets, now dutaut, wink from Stambonl and Scutari- a mountain ■bagpipe wakes the.northern sympathies of my com rade, while.it shakes the frames of rude on a 1 deck bard by, We .touch Tophaneli Wharf.- 