THE BUILDING AOT. To tfie Editor of the "legrman. 5ca,-What a funny lot those chaps in your council are! Don't they stick to the truth ? I see by your report of their lasut imeeting they do not know what to do with their bantling. What brains they have ! Your mayor moved that the town surveyor bŽ instructed to carry out as far as possible (well put) the Building regulations. What building rogulatiois ? If tIhe old ones, they know they can no more enforce the foes; (their own solicitor stated so in the cou t house) than they can make Mr Wyld Pay f'or the appeal to the Siupreme Court. eo taught them law. If the amended ones, why they are not law, and niever will be-so fr as possible it is quite the thing. What a mess! The idea o. those wiseacres going to confirm the amended regulations on. the 3rd of March without the consent of the Government. VWhy, what do they think the Progress Committee have been up to? I have a sriall boy, but lie is a great gun in his way, and up to a thing or two; the young rascal told mne he placed his ear against the keyhole of a door somewhere in the Treasury last week, and what do you think he heard ? Oh, you deluded seven! What, confirm the rogulations, will they, and go in the face of tlhe 1800, I think I hear your late big gua say. I deny lie said any thing of the kind, knowing at the same time the Chief Secretary told them the Government were bound to pay respect and not ignore the memorial which was signed.by unquestionably a large majority of the ratepayers. Let himi refresh his memory by seeino your report of the lthl January. But lie is used to it, poor fellow, and cannot help it. Now, if you willpromise not to tell anyone I willlet you know he heard. It was this--! well, What are we to do with these amended regula tions ?" "Do, whly let them bide till the Chief returns." ."Whythem chapsare going to make th!emlawon t'.e 3rd." " MWhn, without calling a public meeting or waiting tillwe agree to them? I will take care till after the next election they do not become law." How will forcer of Ihuild ing Act down your throat like that? Your council are not game' to call a public meet ing or contest an election. They are afraid of such men as Crews, Dixon, and Co; they know whait they will get in -the first, if they .come before the ratepayers, and thiat they have not a ghost of a chance in the econd. There is another portion of your report-a good one. Cr Harrison has found out that after all the time and trouble the council lhave taken -with their white elephant that it is still as unworkable as the other; in fact as big a duffer, and not worth the paper it 'is written- on. No wonder the council will not publish it in your paper. Councillor Harrison says that the progress committee wore not appointed at a public meeting. Did he ever hear of a meeting of the ratepayers held at Davis's, when his friend was mnentioned as likely to contest 'the municipal election? The answer was, that they (the burgesses) would have no flunky for Harrison. That is the time the committee was appointed. Cr Hole was chairman. I am told that the committee are one too many for the ievon, and won't the burgesses give them ahearty welcome when they next appear in public ? The only men in tile council who are bricks are Young and Hole, and they will leave all the rest in the hole. I-am, Sir, Yours, the clean potato (nod Latin) PROGRESS. [In our desire to let every one; have a faiir hearing we insert the above.- If our readers can compieheond its drift, it's more thIan we can.--Ev. 'elc.] \- . - - , . . , 