WITH WBIOn IS IIOOSfOUTID THE l.AVNCESTOK TIMES Feiday, Jus* 20, 1873. The opening of the second session of the sixth Parliament of Tasmania on Tuesday last, wu not a very imposing ceremony. The weather was unfavorable, it is true, but not sufficiently so to ex cuse the thorough apathy oftlto citicens of HobartTowu, in regard to the opening of their High Court of Parliament— tho one grand glory of our free and indepen dent constitution, the only amall moiety ofpomp, Tiarade, ttnd glilteriiiR ceremony Tasuiaiiians obtain fur Ihcir |ioiiJcrou» and absurdly cv|-ciuivc constitutional white elephant. True, the p,litlvr is nol very great j tho good cilizous may be somewhat tired of seeiug five and twenty constables paraded in open file, and even an annual peep at the coded hat may hare lost its attractions, still they should not forget that these things, paltry though they may be, are the outward and risible tymbols of their 'constitution and teparatoindepcndence,'end they should be respected aud worshipped accordingly. Not long since we endeavored to point out tho absurdity of paying for such expensive luxuries in to small a community as this, and suggested that a far better show mi|;ht be called our own could the colony be annexed to the moro prosperous and wealthy country across the ttraiti. Our HobartTowu friends, however, laughed at the bare idea of sueh a thing. 'Con- stitution and separate independence' with their accompanying State paraphernalia were far too glorious to be surrendered, let them cost what they might. The ob jectors might hare been sincere, perhaps they were— but if ao we can only say they chow a wondrous contempt for their idols. It is scarcely creditable to leave tho Qneen'e representative to be re ceived at tho doors of tho Council by a mere score or two of street Arabs, while within the walls he has to read his speech to about a 6fth of the members of Parliament and a few dozen ladies and children. Surely Mr Du Cano mu»t sometimes feel a keen tense of the ludi crous stealing over him when he is en deavoring to perform his duty by gratify ing the vanity of ye constitutionally inde pendent Tasmanians ' tvtio cackle and How and lustily onnr, Though tluy'vc never a feather to fly with.' The first day's business was about as slow as the ceremonial, l'he Legislative Council— at least the fragmentary portion oi that august institution which was risible — confined itself to merely formal business, postponing the more solid por tion of the entertainment foV twenty-four hours. The Assembly evinced signs of a j desire to plunge eon amort into the heat of parliamentary warfare bygottingup a debate on the nddrcsB in reply, but a par liamentary dinner at Government House possessed greater attractions for some of the members present — wiso men we doubt not— and adjournment until Wednesday was the result. Still the little discussion upon tho motion for bringing op the ad dress possessed some significance, and, tfter the perusal of the speech, was hardly calculated to inspire a critical observer with any great degree of con fidence or satisfaction as lo the probable conne or issuo of the srsiiou. Iu the famous play scene Hamlet objects ' Hie lady doth protest too much nwthinks,' and a very similar objection have we to the teliou of Ur Iuoei on Tuesday. He was altogether too gushing in his assur ance to the House that ample limo would be allowed for full discussion of (he past and present aotion of the Ministry, and his disclaimer of any desire to rush for ward the business was gratuitous, because not evoked by any remark made on the other aide. A simple expression of Us willingness to assent to an adjournment would hare answerod every purpose, and would hare had a far more satisfactory effect than all lit Innes's honeyed son tenoct aod xuihing candour. There is a great deal too much empty palaver practised in the Parliament of Tasmania, and Ministers fif all others would do well to avoid it, and to be as terse, straightfor ward, mi business-like in their ulteraDcc s as possible. The Attorney-General, Mr Jackson, assumed, to our mind, a far belter figure. He administered a manly rebuke to absent members, reminding the House that Minulershad giren ample notice to all, and that it was the fault of members themselves if they were not in attendance to proceed with the business. At the same time in deference to the wish of tbe House he assented to the adjourn ment, and ao the first day patted. A re port of tbe debate on the address iu reply will be found elsewhere, respecting which we may say a word or two on a future oc casion. Meanwhilewesicerely inut that Ministers will bring forirard their mea sures judiciously, and Uitt they may prove of value to tho future of the country. Re ferring lo the course of debate, it must not he forgotten thst it is with the future we haro to do. la session' past, hours upon hours hare been frittered away in raising the absurd ghosts of departed financial mistakes and failures, iu exciting mutual recriminationB, and discussing per sonal topics of very little interest to any one, whilolhe business of the country was being neglected and its fortunes were languishing. Onec moro we express a hope that, during the present session, this sort of thing will be avoided. Few people care to know whether it ia Meredith, Chapman, or any other financier who is responsible for the errors of the past. Every one knows that the country is in a position of financial difficulty, and the country wants Miniiteis to apply them selves simply to the business of extricat ing it from the dilemma, and establishing a belter condition ofthin^s. If they will endeavor to do this in a simple and straightforward manner, they will acquire a title to that support tve shall only V too happy to juscord them. The review of the Governor's speech in the Mercury js highly amusing.cxposlne, as it does tbJe eras' ignorance of the writer. The first ground of -complaint against ilie upcech is that it is a Icnglby document, the next that it is too short and docs tiot contain the Treasurer's financial statement. All journalists must be atrare tlmt even the speech of Her Majesty on opening the Imperial Parlia ment, lUougii dealing with the leading topic* affecting her empire is invariably a bald, tame, and uninteresting document. It is therefore unreasonable to expect any - tlilog very sensational in thericeicgal jpeeeh of a Governor of Ta«rnnnia. Begtl and rice-regal speeches are neMtsarilr i Blstewcot pf lUe actnal position of the kingdom or colony referred to, and as the facts are tolerably well known to the publio from personal experience, the statements made in such speeehot mast appear (o be — to a largo extent — mere platitudot. Tho speech read by His Ex cellency tho Governor ou Tuesday was about the best we have been favored with in this colony. Most of the topics interesting to the public havo been referred U- in it, but the Go vernor could not, even in a moro lengthy speech, have entered into financial details, ustlmt is the duty of tho Treasurer not of tho Governor. Tho ' definite pro posals'.' nilli reference (o the abolitioa of cs'ablishmcnts at Port Arthur, co viciously sneered at by our contemporary, haveboen promptly mode by the Colonial Treasurer. Il will bo seen on refcruueo to our report of the proceedings in tho Houso of Assembly yesterday, that Mr Innos has giren notice that on Wednesday nevt lie will more— 'That it is inexpe dient to maintain the present establish ments at Port Arthur, and thst steps be at once taken with a view to their reduc tion and the final abandonment of that sot tlement. 1. By discontinuing to send pau pers and lunatics lucre, and also convicts, uuIcsb under a special sentence of a judge of tho Supreme Court or the Recorder of Lauuceston. 2. By the removal of pau pers and lunatics now there as soon as the necessary accommodation has been pro* rided for them an the main hind. 3. By conoentrating the labor of the convicts at Port Arthur on such work as will be of use towards the construction of a house of correction adequate for the require ments ol the colony, and tliat with a view to tho foregoing objects a bill will be introduced by the Attorney General to defino the cases which shall be sent' to Port Arthur, and that the Colonial Treasurer hare leare to introduce a bill to provide a sum not exceeding £10,000 for building a house of correction aud accommodation for paupers, etc., the same to be raised by debentures, which shall be a special chargo upon moneys to be roalised from the sole or rental of lands embraced in the Port Arthur settlement.' This prompt action i» not indicative of the 'masterly inactivity' so unfairly and unnecessarily imputed to the present Ministry, by a critic who is cvidontly as hostile as he is helplessly incompetent to deal in a spirit of firmness with grave matters affecting public interests. The people of Tasmania, looking to the prompt action of the Treasurer in reference to Port Arthur, have reason to augur favor ably of the Mini'try in whoso hands the destiny of the colony has been placed at a very critical period. The continuance of the penal settlements on Tasman's Peninsula was a pet project of the Chap man Ministry. It was a department looked upon as a necessary scope for the exercise of the patronage of tho ' govern ing family,' and though it was admitted to be the moat costly nbuso in the colony, we could bavo hoped for no attempt at reform while the ' ponevgrists of Port Arthur' held office. Nov.- we have no desire to diminish the credit due to the present Ministry for tltcirprompl, rational and energetic action in obo.ishiug this monster abuse.but we cannot help claiming a share for the persistence with which we exposed it, and insisted upon its disestab lithment. Tho correctness of our riews upon the matter hare been proved by tbe course now adopted by tho Ministry, and tho announcements we made of the action to be taken by (he Government have been proved as corroct as those of pur southern con temporary were unreliable. The plan sketched out for the reduction and final abandonment of the peninsula as a vast penal settlement is precisely such at we expected. Port Arthur is a suitable locality for a permanent prison, and there can be no more objection to one there than in llobart Town or Launceston. What wo objected to was tho appropria tion of the entire peninsula to a limited and daily decreasing number of prisoners, invalids, and lunatics, and the expendi ture of many thousands annually for their vcryineulcientsupervision. By allowing the public to purchase or lease the lands in the peninsula and make it a populous district, the Ministry will materially in crease the annual revenue, and bo in a much better position to hare penal dis cipline properly enforced than any of tlteir predecessors, The farmers resident in the vicinity of the Rivers Forth and Leren hare formed the Devon Agricultural Association and the rules are to be submitted for ratifica tion at a general meeting of the members to be held at the Leren on Saturday, 6th proximo. The plan proposed is to estab lish branches of the association at the Forth, Latrobe, Torquay, &£., each place to have a vice- president, with secretary and treasurer. The president to visit each place as often as possible. In order to combine their operations, the president is to submit such questions at arrange ments for ploughing matches, and agri cultural showt to each branch and they elect one delegate each to meet at a place named by the president. The delegates will form a committee or conference and then proceed with the business submitted by the president for their consideration. The association is established for the promotion of practical and scientific knowledge in agriculture, horticulture, and pomocolture, by discussion, by read ing and lecture, and by prastical demon stration. Members are to be elected at monthly meetings after having been duly noniiuated. Subscriptions to bo paid quarterly in advance. Tlu- general meet ings are to be held on the second Satur day in each month at 6 p.m. The asso ciation in, in reality, intended to be a union of farmers' rlubt for the purpose 0fdi«pmiiialin£Ufr- fu)kDotr]cd£eaBiov£flt agriculturists, stimulating their efforts by friendly competition and riralry to im provement in each branch of industry connected with agriculture. The plan upon whiou the association i« bated, and the rules for itt guidance are in our opinion well calculated to ensure sneecss. Some peHonson the North West Coast are of opinion that oaeh locality should hnvc a distinct society, in no tray associated with its neighbor. It would be impossible to establish an agricultural society in each locality, and it would be unwise if it were possible to do so. Union ensures strength aud combination and co-operation are es sential to the satisfactory working of all such institutions. All our local agri cultural associations are or should be farmers' clubs— schools when agricul turists of all ages may learn something useful, and while doing so each may im part the result ol Us experience to fellow nqulrori. - i - - - ' . t Mctkob.— At six o'clock last Saturday erening a meteor of uncommon, brilliancy was observed shooting through the southern hoarens at an augle of n bout CS degrees with the horiton iioar the town of Cleveland in the midland district. The phenomenon was risible during several seconds and instilled iu its beholders a reverential awe and profound admiration of the stupendous works of the Creator. Lll'NCESTON BaNliVOLUSI SoClETV.— Roturn of the uumbcr of ncrsons relieved during the week ending Juno 18th, 1873 :— 2G men, (1(1 women. 105 children. GOOD SAMARITAN LODGE OF GOOD TEMPLARS.— On Tuesday last a new lodge of Good Templars, "The Good Samaritan," No. 6 in Tasmania, was opened at Longford. Past Worthy Chief Templar Isaiah Morris, Present Worthy Chief Templar J. Reid, Vice Templar Wallace, aud other Launceston Good Templarsto the number of thirty-five proceeded, each at his own expense, to Longford, to be present at and take part in the ceremony of opening the new lodge. Tlie requisition had been signed by twenty-one residents, and twenty of these attended at the Work men's Club and were initiated. Brother I. Vrigga was raised to the office of Chief Templar ; Mr Thomas Dakin, Vice Templar ; Mr Gould was appointed nec retary, tho Iter. Joseph Languam (Primitivo Methodist) Chaplain; W.F. Secretary, Brother Hotkey; Worthy Treasurer, Sister Langhnm ; Worthy Marshal, Brother Cooper; W.I). Marshal, Slater Cooper; Inner Guard, Brother Thos. Corfield; Outer Gaurd, llrothor Taylor ; lt.H.S. to W.C.T., Sinter Briggs ; L.H.S. to W.C.T., Sister Gould. The ceremony of installing tho officers was then proceeded with. SoKEr FBOU Doddiko'i Floceb. — By the Norfolk trom London, some rery fine Lincoln sheep from Duddiiig's celebrated flocks have arrived at Melbourne for Messrs. Dalgety. Blackwood, and Co. We hear that a further shipment from the same brcedor is expected shortly per Wave of Life. ScpiUBINB CADLB TO ISOBUaNTON.— Captain Audlcy Coote returned from Mel bourne by the steamer Tamar yesterday. When at Melbourne he had an interview with the hon. Saul Samuel, Postmaster General of New South Wales, with refer ence to the postal question. Tho Queens land Government has informed Captain Coote that the offer of Mr Siemens for the supply of the submarino cable to Nor tuanton has been accepted. Piokok Shootino. — A day's sport is announced to take placo at the Wool pick Inn, Breidalbaue, on Wednesday next. The first event is to be an amateur match ; second, a private shooting match for £20 j third, a tingle sweepstake of 20a each ; fourth, a general sweepstake of 10s each. 300 first class birds will be provided and Ballarat rules observed. ltAnniTS.— Notwithstanding the numer ous recipes, and the strenuous exertions of the venerable and learned Dr. Slocum aud his colleagues of the midland ' Flats,' bunny seems yet to reign victorious on the grassy domains of central Tasmania. During tho recent visit of our special reporter to tho interior, ho beheld many hundreds of well-conditioned rabbits of every color— black, white and gray— scampering hither and thither luxuriating amongst the richest paalumgo in defiance of snares, poison bails, and all the other advertised terrors of the rodent tribe. Tho ruling prices for skin and flesh point out that an energetic fellow— if there is such a rara av'u on tho island— would net a competence by devoting hia time to the capture of these auimals. Fihe.— On Wednesday night, shortly be fore I! o'clock, the Suidlilll (Ire-tell raiiR out tltc alarm of a lire in tbat nciehboruoou, anil fn a very few minutes, altliough the greater part of the inhaliitanU lind sought heir bods, the road leading to the scene of the catastrophe was alive with pedestrians. Tbe brigades turned out and were quickly on the apot, when they found thai the lire l|sd broken out iti an untenanted old two-roomed collage situate iu Gleuclg-alrccl off lianllcy slrect, on the Sandhill, and oa -Jii- tire luut oblnlncd a complete matters over the dilapi dated old building, all their exertions were futile, the premises being burned to die ground Iu spile of the most fltrenunuscftona tunt wctc made by the urijradca whu worked hi Hie mud and alusli nearly up In their knees to save the building. Tlic outage and two olbers adjoining, aud which sure also in a moat dilapidated condition, belong to Mr lies, of Hoti, and arc uninsured. The brigades then relumed home, anil Ibe inein bors of Hie red brifrndc were supplied »itli refreshments Hi the Ljdje-room. DaBADFOX ACOIOKVT AT THE CaTARKT 6MUTES.— About]lialf-pasl 3 o'clock on Wed nesday afternoon, a man named Michael Con nors.inlhccmploy of MrToiii.ofllio Cataract Hill, with Mr William Miller, also in Mr Toan'a employ, wore proceeding wllli bags of liorsoduntr ahing the shoots to vtop up so.nc leaks. Connors led the way, aud when about half-ivay belirecu tbe bridge and the battling place, lie stepped on one of Uic battens which was Juose, and the unfortunate man wa* precipitated on to a rock about len feet below, from which be bounded off to Knottier rock lower down, then into the river. The young man Miller wu completely stu piued by tho untimely end of bis companion, and had it been possible, was entirety unfit to render any assistance 1 bo therefore as quickly iu possible made bis ni back to the mill, aud informed Mr Toan of tlie sad ac cident. Ur Toan immediately started iu bla boat for the spot, but finding the aearob for the body would be of no avail until the tide was nearly out, he returned home and yesterday morning shortly nflir IS o'clock on revisiting flic spot he succeeded in .taconnng the body of the . unfor tunate ma', which was. by the Idnd permis sion of the Coroner removed to deceased's late nstdenee. An Inquest will lie held at the Police Court, at half-past 13 o'clock to day. Connor* bad been for 17 yean in tbe employ of Mr Toau, lo whom bcliad been a faithful servant, and hia untimely. cud may be attributed to tbe vnuton mischief of sonic at the larrikins wlio arc almost Incessantly engaged In wrenching the battens from -bc ahools and Uirnuip; them upside down in order tliat the first person who treads on them may be thrown down. Mr Toan says that it is a favorite game of some of tlie bright youths of this town, to go along the shoots merely for the luvc of doing, mischief, by damaging them in every passible way they can tlilnk of, and that they arc a con'- tiqual soqrce of annoyance to him. Tub Ooa/rououy ficuooi. Sr«r-:x.— Oar TaUoCape correspondent in bis communica tion, published elsewhere, briefly notices Hut an Information was laid by the chair man of the Local School Hoard at Hint place charging a man named UoRR with neglect* lug to send his children to Hie free school at Table Cape. This is the first case that lias come under our notice where legal pro ceeding have been inslituled. and it will no doubt serve as a warning. Tbe man bad been Informed on several occasions that he was rendering min'cli liable to a penalty for non compliance -vilb the Act, aud the. licnob Sued him 5s and costs. Native Clehatis.— As a proof of tbe un ns tal sprlns-llkc tn!ldncns of (he winter and its effects upon vcgctalion, a gentleman left at this office yesterday a specimen of clema lia in full flower Slid perfume. Tills floral curiosity Is no puu|iered pet brought up in a conservator), but was picked up during a ramble in Uic bush. Ths Cahmuah.— A uliip, supposed to lie the Oaranjah, was off Fluted Cape at 8 p.m. yoindav. TJie Cnranjab Is a ihinufSW tons, which .soiled from Ciraresenu forllo Inrt Town 6n the ICtli March with 310 nav vies and lauorcrH and a cargo of railway Iron fnr tlie Main Unc lUIInny. Bhe la there fore just 95 days out. .AmnnX'StRMoKn.— Tlio annual sermons on behalf of the Congregational Union and Mission Society will be delivered on Sunday next, at the Congregational Chapels in lUnarbMITrederick-slrceti. At tlie for mcr tho Bev. W. law will preach In the morning, and tho IUv. Olios, l'ric* In the evening 1 and at Prince's Square the Rev. Clias. I'rice will preaoli in the morning, and In the evening Die rjev. W. low. Collec tions will be made on each occasion. Th« ?BhokJI' Dit. — We have now reached rnld-wlnlcr wlthont hating suffered much torn Inclement weather. We have haa more Uutn a ' tab- sbaro of rain, but saareeiy any frost. To-morrow will bo the shortest day of the year, and probably n change may SnracMK CpoitT, HomnT Town.— ATtHc Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court at Hobart Town, on Wednesday, only one cose wsstrleJ-lItOregor v. Davis— to recover XJOO^tamsgetloraiJaultnndfalselmpriKli. nwtnV .ITte-Jury*«e a TcrdlctiorpUliaUi, damtgei f 10. ??????* :? [»' ? ?? ?-?. ?1 '? . ' i 1 .1 ? ? : Fahtocikki'b )-ii-mu».Vnie ntlfiidanrc at the Eoxind exhibition of this diorama at the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday evening was agalu targe , and numerous pre souu were dislrlUulcd to the audience in cluding cash in sums from twenty-five shil lings to half-a-crown. last night Die atten dance was not no large as to warrant the proprietor in presenting the Bllvcrtoiscr vicc, but oilier gifts were distributed. This being the lnst night of the dlonuua here Uic ball is llkdy to be well Oiled, and Uic Bilvcr lea service and ni:iuy oilier gifts will be liberally dispensed. Wo understand the diorama Is to be oxbibited at lilvaudsie, Longford, iini Weslbury next week. Si. Arinnun-'s Ciioncii.-Wo nre glad to learn by advertisement in our columns ot to day thai Mr Miller la In preach in tit. An drew's nn Sunday morning next crc leaving for Melbourne on Tuesday. 