MR> JAMES SMITH -IN DEFENCE. The Daylesfot'd Mercury of yesterday con tains the following letter : — Sir, — Permit <ue to oflfer a few words of-couiluent upon your artiole of 11th January. In the first place I am not and never was a spiritualist 1 wit nessed and described u succession of what ap- peared toi.be supernatural phenomena, and these I confounded >yith spiritual uv.uiifestu tionSj BO-called, tiever having seen any of the latter. When I found that the two things were wholly unrelated, and that Spu'itualisnt, like'air the religions in the world, is merely one of the devices of.Satan for ensnaring the human mind,. and taking captive silly women, znqre'especially, I frankly and promptly said «a.;, . . . , In :the. next place I " promulgate no theory," utter no words, and teach no truths of my own. I merely speak what is giveu me to . speak by the Father. The truth is very simple, and it is this : —For 4000 years the world had been lying dead iu trespasses and. sins, when the Father sent his only Sou into, the world to seek aud save all that re mains of the race which he had found it pos sible to preserve from corruption, and with which He purposes to re-people the earth after it shall have undergone the impending convulsion. Upon all that were saved, the Father bestowed His Spirit through Christ that Spirit figuratively spoken of as the body and blood ot the Son, as bread aud wine, us the oil of anointing, as the Holy Ghost, etc. After the death of Christ and that of the last of the Apostles, thick spiritual darkness fell upoir the whole huthun race. The mind6 of the remnant to be saved, which hud been re incarnated from time to time in the Jewish people, wete scattered abroad- iu many coun tries, and re- incarnated among many nations. Meauwhile men began to iuveut religions ; they, elevated Christ iuto a God, and wor shipped him as such, dishonouring, if not deposing the Father ; aud forthe simple will of.obedience to the law which God has written in our hearts, and which He inclines us! to follow by the impressiou he strives to communicate to us by our guardian angels, man invented doctrines aud dogmas of his own, and deluded himself with the belief that he' could get to heaven in virtue ot the blood- shedding of Christ. The Satanic origin and the practical effect of all these religions tire shown in the present condition of the world and of the human race, which has become so desperate, that unless the time should be shortened, no flesh would be saved. And hence it is, that the Father senJs the light into the' world once more, in order to rescue the remnant from contamination by the uni versal corruption, and to save from perishing the seed of the next ehui'ch. I repeat that, the Second Advent is close at hand, and that in it will be followed almost immediately by the final judgment,, which all men who have ever lived; will receive in the flesh every sap- crate -mind, that is to say, incarnated iu a human body. You seem to infer that mankind is advan cing, hot towards destruction, but towards periection. Such a theory or statement is capable of being easily tested. The Father's law, established from the foundation of the world, and obeyed when the human race were last - upou the globe, was this — that each human being should live, love, aud labour for all others. What is the universal practice! Egotism and selfishness. - And what are all the triumphs .of. our so-called "civilisation," bat means "and agencies for the gratification of that; egotism - and selfishness. The very magnitude' and -diversity of our so-called " charities," are ascaudal and a reproach to the race j because tbey are stauding testi-, monies"! to - ouir disobedience.' Crime, vice, disease, and destitution, are all universal and abnormal ; because, if obedient to the Father, none of' these things could possibly exist. Our insurance societies, savings' banks, and provident institutes are also so many emphatic declarations of our disbelief in the promises and assurances, the power, and the providence of. the Most High. Men have no confidence in them, but they do believe in human insti tutions, even although experience has taught them that these are very often founded and conducted by thieves and swindlers ; and that the ostentatious " benevolence" of a Gurney, and the obtrusive piety a Sir Johu Dean Paul are no guarantees for their honesty. What is this but " infidelity" iu its rankest form 1 Surely, Sir, every mind capable of reflection ought to be struck by the significance of the fact that when a man, listening to and obey ing the voice of the Father, is impressed to warn his fellow men of the danger iu which they' stand, no other construction is placed upon his language aud conduct by them, than that he is insane, the victim of an absurd delusion, the slave of his imagination, and a benighted, wayfarer in the bogs of error, If man were only obedient, he might make a bonfire'of his libraries at once, instead of waiting the universal conflagration which is every day drawing nearer and nearer, and in ' which will be consumed every vestige of that rotten thing which we extol and exalt gx our glorious civilisation." — Yours, : JAMES SMITH. 