DIPHTHERIA, T'l iDiphtheriii.riii a very malighetit 'form (writes the Star's Smytbesdale "correspondent), carried off on Saturday a child belonging to Mr D. MiFadzean,. Linton, and .I.heat that tliree otjicr -Ayouugstara.m the same family, are also 'suffering from attacks of tbcdisease.Oneofthoseuowsuffer- ing is stated to bo thought out of danger, but very gravo apprehensions are said to bo ontoi'tained as to the recovery/ of one of -the others. The ' .disease has latterly been in tho Browusvala lo- "cajityagd has carried . off soveral victims there. eliqrt-time.ago it was in the family of the Rev. "C. J. Baird, but iu a "wild form. Prompt treat ment, however, was given to the case and the disease was checked in 'its early stage. The rev. gentleman heartily commends tho burning of qgjphur, regularly and extensively, as a diainfec- arid' is also in ' favour of Uie use of tar, ' lime, &o.;, for'aimilar purposes ; but like many other persous, he sees tlie difficulty of getting 8?-# ' the people generally tcTadopt any precautionary .measures, thpw.ever imminent and dangerous di- ,>;seaae-m'ay:>be; iOrie .remarkably oiirious ! case, which has just occurred at Mr Parkinson's, Black Hill, and which' has come under the cog nisance of a local medical gentleman, seems tp confirm-tlie'trrith of the' observation made by me some time ago as to the.dispase in some instances having been oarried from one bouse to auother by members of families affected with tlie disease. s&IuatKoiCMe;'7tbvw'hieb'5 1 previously referred the visitors were themselves' affected with tlie di sease ; but in tbe present case, strange to say, tlie visitor was on!y" a momber of a family at .Golden Lake ,in which the, disease existed,, and 6adTio4'as"Ii'am'in.fo,rmedi' been attacked with the disease at all) ' Diphtheria was not, it seems) know tP,exi9t.,any.where ip the Rlaok Hill lo cality,' ri6rnva3 therp!ariy_co'ri tact by Mr Parkin son's family withiany families affected with the disease, save the visit" already referred to. Up till Itlgodayfijhej. disease") had not, attained a ma lignant" form, and there was then hope that it would pass. away- 'without a :fatal result. Mrs .Pagktoscra .has fumigated . (he premises in -thorough fashion, "and'the patieiit is 'receiving attpijtive . medical treatmeu t. It may., here be oBaerv"ed_ that some persons whose families have _been_ visited by the disoaso ..uftor nulphur-Jiad _ .baou .burned in their houses for a time,- suddeoly "Jihmpit'o fheivery silly conclusionlliat there ia-no efficacy in sulphur fumes, without ever asking i_themselve"s what might have been the virulence ,'iofithe disease had fumigation not- been used, h-All: the iriedical-g'entlemeu in- this district;' I rb6lieye, as'also'tbe mpre ednoated portion of the i'aijnmpnity of all 'classes, "are' strongly in favour ..ottlie use otsulphur fumes, or- carbolic itcid,- as \- .diainfectan t, , aud it seems to me. that tlie! praic-) "tice" of using them, cannot be too etvpiigly reeonL _ paended) '.while the strictest attention. should also he)paifi, tb sanitary matters. ,. Hi , ' J 1 ' i-j J rrr. — — - — . 1 .Father Hyacinthe's Wedding.— The" New York Herald of September 17 publishes a letter "'two' colamns in length from its London corre spondent describing, the marriage)' of Father- " Hyacinthe with Mrs Merriman. ; The . marriage ciartificata ia printed iu fnll. - The marriage was; performed (the, writer says) at the office of the1 registrar of marriages, Marylebone. It was a civil marriage, pure and simple, and they were; Jfdriverirto. tho district' registrar because .Mr: "Moran, the American charge d'affaires, refused; to perform the 'ceremony; :for 'the reason stated! that it was\cbntrary;fto>!the:law of 'France to! marry a priest. The-oeremony was performed, 5 |ip itheioffice, of < the registrar, a little room about; .sejghtiby. ten, nearly filled up' with desks,- book-1 / cases, ).and:chairs; - There was; very little formality : «cattehdiDg'-f-the)' afiair,'' )the ' / 'excharige- of the: ."6rdihary;8Mutatibns arid the usual questions put; fr'arid answered- 'with the previous affirmations of! each of theparties, . "I, Charles, Dean -Marie : <byson);knb w) 5f)'np,) reason why I , should . not 1 'f6etJunited'"iri tlie boritls of holy matrimony ato |hisj,wqmau, Ernilie VJane Merriman,!' with a mmHar declaration .on the - part of the.lady. jThpiiifitnesses, were .-Mr Bowles, of the firm of !)BpwlesErpthera, and'Co. ; Ralph Willis Merri man," aged ahoDt,twebty, -Bon of the bride, arid iithe- vRevi'i.'Mrf iFreemantle, pastor of the St. Marylebone Church. -.There : were besides pre sent Dean. ari'LLady Stanley, who, I am afraid, will;, not1 like"»'tp; have the fact .- known. The Ibridgegrooni1 Wore - 'an1, evening- dress,' and really looked very well.,, JThe . bride waB becomingly ffireiisedlrFa" light piirple ailk,. which set off a well-rounded-jfignra to advantage, .' and she ap- pea.le'Vver'cfianniug woman. After the ; cefemohy was pyerj afew whispered congratula- : tipna.V'ero' "offered by Deau and Lady Stanley! anfiiMr /Bowles, -and / -the -party— withdrew. I Tliere jw:ere .'jio. guests invited, and no wedding j breakfast, arid1 they retire,' T' believe, to the: <>feiuiii(y' !to'; France. Theywill .'npt ' be married ecelesiaati-- coritorit.tlieihsblves, for) the pre-; Jit") jqastiiiyitbitne' civil conaecra'tiori of their- jinion..-, j,)).,',;. ;!!;-. i' ... . : .sr;ctjriptjs;, Story.— Iu: the last number of, ):t,l;e Qhinai Overland Mail- we find' the following :: t-i-rA curioue story iia.in. circulation amongst the! Chinese— curious as it relates to the alleged ap- - pearauce of; the murdered man's spirit asking.for t..re'dre8S: ':,;;'S6nle time ago a junk -sailed ftoin- Hoifo'origj'-'cojitaiiiing a, number of coplUs for the: "barracoous".) of Macao. Having arrived there,! the'Uiv.S'bargo .was 'quiokiy. disposed of, arid tliei captain received as freight something over 1,600: atdollarsj /'This: incited the helmsman aud some: -ioLtlle Crew to. league themselvee with twopirati- \- pal jnriks to -attack- the' boat and to rob the cap-- 11 tdih o the money; Two or three daye since, the ?jiink' left Macao,, going back to Hoifoong. Oil tllp.W'ay, near Chang Cliow, the two pirates hove "lu'Bighf, arid t(ie helmsman steered close.up to. theni,')wben . tlje pirates boarded the junk, killed jshejegptaiu and ; threw him overboard. Here: esQOWOB the.,. mysterious, part of the story..: The1 .cmaatoc of . the Luk . Koo barracoon one night effireamedia- dream, in which he saw the ghost of ithe.murdered man before bim, saying he had- offie'en- murdered, that lie was robbed of bia money, b and' that1 lie'- wished the barracoon master to com plain and try to obtain redress for him, wbich Slieiliought would noc be difficult, as the pirates wero sailing off Chang. Chow. On the strength "oFthis dream, the barracoon master complaiued to"tlie' Po'ruiguesa authorities, who sent out a gunboat, aud 'the pirates were fouiid at the spot Jndicaladlby; the ghost. It is said that the crew qfihri . attacked junk (who had come to Hong JCong siuco : the robbery) had gono ovor to Macaoone of tlieui wa3 the brother of tbp deceosod, and had been cut., in several places. "WHetlier there is any truth in the statement of "tlie'appenrqnco.of the ghost or not, the facts of i'tlio robbery aud1 capture are correct. ; The Indians/ of! California are, according to the Philadelplu'a Medical Reporter, learning the eiridtional insanity plea in extenuation of their little 1 irregularities. A man in Trinity Centre, California, was recently shot at by a presumedly Jriehdly Indian ; and, upon demanding tbe g rise, the Indian bounded off with the rifle, cry- j,out,,L' Mo-heap 'crazy I Mo too imieh crazy 1 Me too muoh crazy !" I 