MY LAST NIGHT IN THE OLD ' , ? COUNTRY. (Belgea.yix Annual.) Htjhqebfobd Market tois not approached from the Surrey side of the rivet by tho sus pension bridge oven nt the time of which I write, nnd many and confused, tumble-down and rickety were the tenements which fronted or backed upon the river, where J am told the massive piera and archea of the railway now stand. There are several reasons why a too minute description of the exact npot should not be given ; but my purpose will bo served ' if the nature and character of the locality be indicated. I lodged in rooms which looked out upon the river in the front, and at the back upon ? a Email sort of yard belonging to n public Iiouse called tho Fife and Drum, situated in , an adjoining alloy. This hostelry was not frequented by a very reputable class, but by a mixture of the low waterside population, itinerant musicians,- jugglers, Punch-and-Judy men, nnd mountebanks of every description. Tfce public performances of these artistes, and, indeed, all street entertainments, had over been a source of attraction to mo. My boyish tastes had lingered on into manhood, nnd I therefore submitted to my proximity to the homo of these gentry with rather .1 ?better grace perhaps than most people would have done. The last night in the old country has arrived, All my preparations are complete. I.have to leave very early iu the. morning to catch a train for Liverpool. Good bye has been said, bills have been paid, and with a small hand-bag the only portion of my 'impedimenta' not sent forward, I am to quit the house before any one is astir. Jt is intensely hot. The days me at their longest, nnd duwn is almost breaking ere I rise from the open window of my sitting room, where I have been gazing out upon the silvery river, wondering what fortunes will betide before I ngain look upon the huge city. I hear St. Paul's and tho myriad other clocks one after another, and some altogether, strike three, and it is broad daylight ere I drop offtosleep. Ibegintodream, immediately nwnke with n start, close my eyes, diop off; dream again — this is a very bad dream. I fancy I am nt sen. I climb high into the riggine of the Bhip, crawl out to the end of one of the yards, try to stand up, lose my footing, and fall quito gently and pleasantly, \pd as it seems into the sea. I begin to swim, out can make no progress ; my arms and legs move with difficulty. I catch hold of a rope which has been thrown to me ; (mother instant, and I shnll be safo !— when, ugh !? horrible sensation ! The cold nose of a shark touches my foot, nnd in n, paroxysm of anguish I awake myself with the effort to draw my leg up out of the way. Yes, I awnke; at first with a sense of ' relief that it was only a dream, but n strange sort of cold shiver passes through me. The next moment a renewed and unaccountable anxiety is upon mo again. Am I ill ? I sit ' upright, trying to collect my scattered wita believing almost that I am still dreaming,, whor. a. large dark ominous- looking mark upon tho white counterpane at the foot of the bed, which' was not there before, catches my eye. I spring out to oxamino it, and to my horror find it is the imprint, in blood and. dirt of a human hand.. A closer observation verifies this fact, and on the window sill I see even a more glaring token of the same kind. Shuddering,. I throw the sash wider open and look out. Tho drain-pipe, which runs from the roof down the side of the house,, close to my window boars, ns high up ns whero I st,.ind, scratches and stains, showinc to my now pretornaturally-. ' sharpened senses that some one had recently gained.- an entrance by that way to my room. I gaze mound it. The bright morning sun is now streaming straight in, nnd I instinctively . stop to look wndct the bed, I see evidence of foot- prints as far ns. the door leading cm to the staircase. I try to open it, but it is locked op tho outside. Bewildered but not losing my presenco of mind, I go through by the folding doors into my sitting room over looking the river; The tide is high,' and as I ? came forward out o( the- window to catch a glimpse of the end of the street, a man. is in the net of dropping from the iron railings there on to one of the barges. I cannot- bco liis face, for in another second he is 'running .and jumping with tho agility of a cat from one ?beat to another, and is suddenly lost to my view behind a huge load of hayr My first impulse is to shout, but I nm quickly checked by the striking of the clocks, and as I count fire, romembered that I should be in another ton minutCB on my way to the railway station. The truth flashes across me that if I give nit alarm 1 shall be detained, lose' ray train nnd 'fillip,' and all the prospects upon which I have built iny earnest hopes, ?will be lost to me forever. I dare not hesitate. Whatever dark mystery I have thus unwittingly come upon must be tlearid up by others, not by me ! Dressing in the direst haste, I pass ont on to the landing by my front room dour, which is not lucked. 1 Who's that V cries the well-known voice of mr lfltiriinrlv frnm filinvn. '.' Only I. Goodrbye, Mrs. Hnrt, once more.' 1 Dear mo ! I thought I heard yon go n qiiartor-of-an-hoiir ago ; somebody went down stairs.' . . ' It was not I ; but I am late aR it is. Good bye again and again !' . I cannot even give her a hint of what has happoned, for doing so will cause fatal dolnyjo me.. I must risk.nll consequences to savo iny train, so I pass down the stairs, and out by the street door, which I see has been left njnr. Not a soul ia stirring ; I take n farewell look nt t]ie old quarters, nnd rush nwny through the bright but silent^ streets of Eastern square, carrying with me unavoidably n lotad of dreadful and hideous suspicions which years and yenrs dp not efface. ? Prosperity \x\ tho Now World followed my every act, and by the time the sequel to ' My Last Night in the Old Country ' was worked nnt % was living in very different quarters from .those, by the river Bide nt Hungerford Market. jAgnin, I need not particularise too minutely 'the' locality. ? The old inclination to stop and watch all shows and street performancea wns as strong as ever, nnd laudably or not, I nover failed, ns the, nrij/pwinn expressed .it. _to 'Wiicourage talent ; but nt that time there were but few o'f tho ' tumbling ' fraternity to be seen in our thoroughfares. When, therefore, one afternoon as I wns returning honie I saw a large crowd assembled nnd n huge pole rising from its midst, it is not to be supposed I passed by on the other side. A good denl of shouting and drum beating was going on, and as I camo up I discovered that the pole wns balanced and supported in tho socket by n leathern belt, passed round the loins of a sturdy acrobat. Another of the tribe, slighter in 6gure, was preparing to ascend this sort of mast, and did so, even as I watched.. It was the, old trick which I had witnessed niany a time beforo iu England, but I do not remember that it wns then dignified us it has since been, by the high sounding name of 'La Perche.' When the mountebank bad reached the top of tho pole, he exhibited several feats of daring nnd strength, such as we aro all familiar with ; but at last he assumed, when at the utmost height, the attitude of a man swimming, supporting him self with one arm nnd hand, whilst his stomach rested on the top of the polo, so that, in fact, man and pole together formed the letter T. Then he began to strike out with his legs and disengaged arm, whilst the balancer of the pole beneath walked round in n small circle. Presently the acrobat was just above where I wns standing. I had at that moment removed my hat the easier to watch him. He appeared to observe my action, and our eyes met. Then suddenly ho gave a sort of jerk, seemed to lose his balance, tried to recover himself, failed, and in a second fell straight down upon the ground head foremast, tha polo at the same time also escaping from the grip of the holder. A terrific shout aud a sceno of wild excite ment followed. The pole had in its descent, felled severnl of tho spectators like oxen, nnd they nnd the unhappy tumbler, who was ap parently dead, were eventually carried \off to tho hospital '','/' Two days later I was seated by the side of one of the small beds in the accident, ward. On it lay the crushed and maimed yet living acrobat, I had called the next mnrning to inquire nfter the sufferers, and had been told that this man was hopelessly injured in the spine, but thnt he might live for some weeks, though he could never move his legs ngain. His intellect, it was thought, had also sustained n shock ; for when he recovered his speech he appeared to wander, and had talked about having been frightened — frightened by a ghost that he had seen in tho crowd, which had taken its hat off to him, and had threatened him with his eyes. 'I fear from what they toll me,' I began, ' that I wns in somo way the cause of your losing your balance ; that by taking my hot off, I drew your attention from — ' ' No, ho 1' hastily interrupted the sufferer, turning his haggard palo face and wild eyes upon me. ' No, it wasn't Hial. Many people take their hats off, but they haven't nil got faces like yours! They haven't all been sent straight across here from England ; they don't all bring back times as I'd wish to forget ! They don't all seem to say to me as yours did, 'I know what you havo done! I saw you just after you did it ! I'll have you hanged for it!' '?I heard 'em say as I couldn't live long' and if so bo that's true I'd like to tell you what has lain heavy on my mind this six years past. If you be him as I suspect you nre, you. must have been sent on purpose to make n;e say whnt I believa no other man could ever have made me say. Your face made me miss my tip,, and now I seen) to. feel ns if it waa a kind, o' justice brought upon me ; nmiiflnm to die, you enn't do me any more -harm thau you. have,, and my mind will be the easier.' He Btretched: nut his thin but muscular hand, and. laid it on. my arm, which wns now trembling with a renewal, of tho old, horrible, long-buuting. suspicion, ? 'This is not the first time ns I've had- my hand on you,' continued tho man; 'and it's well for you you didn t move then as much as you are doin' now, or, there might have been two to answer for instead of one !: Put your ear down closo, quite closo. I climbed into yonr. bedroom just after I'd- done — just after. I'd'paid off old scores with Tom Smart; just after I'd murdered him down, there in the tap-room' of. the Fife and Drum, there by Hungerford Market. I and he weio sleoping there ;. he'd got more than a month's swag lying under bis liend;. for he- wns a regular miser,, nnd. he had never so, much ns given me a tenth, parti of. our eSrnings for, a week. I grew savage as I saw it there right within my reach, and he, seemingly, so dend asleep ;: but I never meant to murder him ! No, I never did ; only when he caught hold of me just as I'd got it, nnd saw what my game wns, he'd have strangled ma like a dog if I hadn't caught up a knife that was lying on the table, nnd driven it straight into bis throat. He dropped like a stone, nnd the blood spurted all over my bands !, Then, vhen I saw whnt I'd done, I knew I must get off somehow. So I crept into the yard, nnd I was like ft rat in a pit; but I saw a window open just above, snd I swnrmod up the drain pipe, feeling sure I could get out there somehow. As I was stepping into the room I stumbled, nnd trying to save myself, put my Uiiud right on your foot before I knew it. Thon, for the first time, I saw there was some one in the bed. The sun shone straight on your face, or else I shouldn't have remembered it as well ; and I thought you wns a-going to wake, for yon drew your legs up quite quick, but you never opened your eyes, and maybo it's woll for you you didn't ; and so I got away and looked your door to make all safe. I crept down stairs, nnd out into tho street, and nipped over on to the barges, nnd was never taken ! No, nor as much aa aver suspected ! I found my wnv to the docks, mnnneed to eet aboard n Bhip that was dropping down tho river thnt dny, bound for this country, nnd hid myself (a stowaway they called me) till we got to son. They threatened to throw me overboard, but I showed them I wns strong nnd active ; they let mo help them, nnd we was all good friends nt parting. Hereabouts I've been ever since, in the old line, but I've had a hard timis of it in my mind, and have been well nigh mad more thnn once, it preyed so on me. I've been going to give myself up over nnd over again, for I could not bear my thoughts ; mid I see poor old Tom night nftor night some times, just ns I left him. Then nil of a suddon comes your face, for I knew it again — ah, just nt once ! I turned reg'lnr giddy, I lost my hold, and remember nothing more till I fqund myself in this bed.' - . - . Hero, then, was tho horrible itnprint oh tho foot of my bed accounted for. The cold noso of tho shark, and tha_ whole surroundiiiaa ..of tlmt terrible drenm, Iindbeen suggested to my sleeping brain by the single and instantaneous touch of tho murderer's hand on iny foot. Tho incidents, which appeared to cover a considerable time, had beon engendered in and flashed through my mind with that lightning-like rapidity which constitutes the greatest wonder of dreamland. It wa3 veil, indeed, for me that I did not immediately awake, as I supposed I had done, or with such a desperate character as this man then was, standing over me, thnt night might not only havo beeu '? my last night in the old country,' but my last on earth. Tho miserable, but repentant criminal died suddenly the day after he had made his confession to me. I told the authorities all about it, and they duly communicated with thoso of Scotland yard. The mysterious murder, naturally had created much excitement in the neighbourhood nt the time of my departure, but the obscurity of the wretched victim, mid the absence of any clue to the perpetrator of the deed, beyond the marks on the drain-pipo nnd in my room, showing tho manner of his escape, together with the impossibility of finding me, allowed it to merge into that oblivion which has en compassed so many other crimes of the same kind. My presence, however, on the scene ol tho acrobat's final performance had acted ns a Nemesis, and had avenged tho murder perhaps more terribly than if it had beon dealt with by tho hand of the law. — — 