Bread and Cheese and Kisses BY B. L. FARJEON. AUTHOR OF "BLADE-O'-GRASS," "GRIF," AND "JOSHUA MARVEL," (The exclusive right of republishing "Bread and Cheese and Kisses" in South Aastraila has been purchased by the Proprietors of the Adelaide Observer.]QbtrrrerA ONE KISS FOR HOPE, ONE FOR FAITH, AND ONE FOR LOVE. Tea was over and cleared away in the little back parlour, and Bessie and old Ben Sparrow sat looking sadly into the fire. Tottie was also present in her high chair, but there was nothing of sadness in her thoughts. She was enjoying, in anticipa- tion, what was spread upon the table; for after the fashion of humble folk, prepara- tions had been made for "a party" on this last evening which George was to spend with them. There was a bottle of "sherry wine" on the table, and another of port, which old Ben had bought at a large grocer's shop over Westminster Bridge, at a cost, for the two bottles, of two shillings and fourpence; and that the wine was of an old and rich vintage, was proved by the mildew and saw- dust which clung to the bottles. There were six wineglasses of different shapes and patterns ; and there was a plate of almonds ; and raisins, and another of figs, and some small seedcakes, and four oranges cut in quarters; so that altogether the table pre- sented quite a festive appearance. There was nothing festive, however, in the countenances of Bessie and her grandfather ; their faces were as sad as their thoughts. It was but natural. And yet they would have been loth to have confessed to each other the exact tenor of their contemplations. A bustle in the shop caused Ben Sparrow to jump from his chair. "That's Mr. and Mrs. Naldret," he said, and opened the parlour-door and gave them welcome. "Well, Bessie," said Mrs. Naldret, and "Well, my girl," said Jim Naldret, and they both kissed her, and shook hands with old Ben, who bustled about doing nothing, while Bessie assisted Mrs. Naldret to take off her bonnet and things. Mrs. Naldret had with one glance taken in the preparations for the party, and approved of them. "What a pretty pair of ear-rings !" exclaimed Mrs. Naldret, admiring the turquoise trifles in Bessie's pink ears, and, "Well, George is a sly one !" said Jim Naldret, pinching the pretty ears. "George didn't give them to her," said Ben Sparrow, nibbing his hands; "no, nor me either. I'm not rich enough ; though if I could afford it, Bessie should have had such a pair long ago, and a gold chain and a watch as well." "She's pretty enough to have them," said Jim Naldret. "And good enough," added Ben. " Well, I am glad to see you! But I wish it was to welcome George back instead of wishing him good-bye. Eh, Bess?" "Yes, grandfather," replied Bessie, with a heavy sigh. Mrs. Naldret said nothing; she was thinking who had given Bessie the turquoise ear-rings; she knew they could not have cost less than four pounds at least. "There's George," said Jim Naldret, as the shop-door opened. Bessie turned, eagerly to the door, but Ben Sparrow stepped before her and said in a hurried agitated tone— "I should like to have a few quiet words with George, my dear; I shan't have another opportunity, Mrs. Naldret won't mind." That worthy woman nodded, and Ben Sparrow, going into the shop, stopped George's entrance into the parlour. "Don't go in for a minute," said Ben ; "I want to speak to you." "All right, grandfather ; but I most have a kiss of Bessie first. Bessie !" The girl ran into the shop at his call, and nestled in his arms for a moment. "There ! there !" exclaimed old Ben, taking Bessie's hand gently and kindly "Go inside, Bess, my dear. That's all George wanted with you. We'll be in presently." Bessie went into the parlour, and George's heart was like a nest from which the dearly loved bird had flown. That little embrace with Bessie, warm and soft and tender, in his arms, contained such exquisite happiness as to be painful. "I'll not keep you two minutes," said Ben Sparrow; " come to the door, so that we may not be heard." They went to the shop-door, and into the street, which they paced slowly as they conversed. "As I was sitting inside by the fire, just now, George," resumed Ben, "there came into my mind something which I think I ought to speak of before you go away. It brought back old-time memories too. You see, my dear boy, I am an old man, and there's no telling what may happen. It is a comfort to me that Bessie will have a good man for a husband—for I believe you to be good, and—and a man, George !" "Indeed, Mr. Sparrow, I will do my best. It will be my happiness to make her happy." "I believe it will be, George, and that's why I am glad she will be yours. I have nothing to give her, George, nothing. I am so poor that I don't know which way to turn sometimes to pay little bills." "I want nothing with her, Mr. Sparrow. I want no better fortune than Bessie herself." He was overflowing with love for his dear girl. "She's good enough to be a Princess,'' said Ben proudly, "good enough to be a Queen." "She's my Princess and my Queen," replied George ; "and she's a good girl and will be a good wife, and that's better than all." "That it is—that it is. But don't inter- rupt me, George. I thought once I should be better off than I am, but something went wrong with me, and I lost all my little savings. Since then, I have been going down, till sometimes I think I can't go down any lower." Old Ben Sparrow paused here, and before he resumed closed his eyes, and put his hand over them, as if with his inner sense of sight he were looking into the past. "George, I am going to speak of Bessie's father—and my son ; it is only right that I should, for you may meet him." "Meet him, Mr. Sparrow!" "Yes," replied the old man in a quiet tone, '' I daresay you have heard that he ran away years ago in disgrace. Bessie was quite a little thing then, and I don't think any one has been so unkind as to speak of it to her. To tell you the truth, George, she believed years ago that her father was dead, and it is best that she should not be told different. And he may be dead, George, for all I know. He was employed as one of old Mr. Million's collectors, and he used money that didn't belong to him. He used my money too, and put my name to papers without my knowing ; so that when he ran away, to prevent something worse happening, I had to pay, which brought me down, and kept me down, George, This is a solemn. secret between us, George, and must never again be spoken of." "I understand, Sir." "But I thought it right that you should know before you go away, it don't alter your opinion of Bessie, does it, George? does it, my boy!" "Alter my opinion of Bessie!" exclaimed George warmly. " It gives her a greater claim on me. I love her more for it, dear girl, knowing how unhappy it would cause her to know this. Of course, it must be kept from her !" "Dear boy I God bless you ! God bless you, dear boy!" cried old Ben Sparrow, with the tears running down his face. "And, George—when you make a little money, and come home with it to make Bessie happy, be contented. Don't go striving after riches, as my son did, and forgot the meaning of honesty and the happiness there is in contentment. From the time he ran away, I have never had a line from him., But I heard that he was seen in Australia, and if he is alive, you may meet him, for there are not many people there. Strange things do happen, George! You may meet him, and know him. I daresay he has grown some- thing like me, but taller and more gentle- manly. Ah, that was his ruin, wanting to be a gentleman ! Well, if you do meet him, George," and the old man took George's hand and pressed it hard, and twined his fingers with George's nervously; "if you do, give him—my—my love, George—my dear love-—and, tell him to write to me, and that his old father forgives him, George—that he forgives him ! And tell him about you and Bessie, and how beautiful Bessie has grown, and how she's fit to be a Princess ——" Old Ben broke down here, and George put his arm round the old man's neck, and patted him on the back, and said—" Yes, yes, Mr. Sparrow, I understand, 1 understands I'll do all that yon wish and in the way that you wish. And now that 1 know, I'll look out for him. What part of Australia do you think he's in ?" "I don't know, George; but Australia can't be very large. I've done right to tell you, George, haven't I ?" "Yes, quite right." With that, they went into the house, and joined the party in the parlour. It was not a very merry one, and the conversation chiefly consisted of tender reminiscences and hopeful anticipation. George tried to be gay, but broke down, and if it had not been for old Ben Sparrow chirruping out a line of "Cheer, boys, cheer, there's wealth for honest labour," now and then, it would have been difficult to keep matters going. But a diversion was occasioned in the course of the evening by the arrival of young Mr. Million, who came in to shake hands with George, he said, and to wish him. good-bye. George was sitting in the corner, with Tottie on his knee; the child was in a state of repletion, having feasted her full on the pleasures of the table, and was curled up in George's arms, feeling very sleepy. Bessie, sitting next to George (he had a spare arm for her waist, Tottie notwithstanding), cast strangely disturbed glances at her lover and the child, and her heart was bleeding from the wound inflicted upon it by what she had heard that afternoon. Every time George stooped and kissed Tottie; Bessie's wound opened, and she was almost distracted with doubt and grief and love. Young Mr. Million was very sunny and bright—a sun- beam lighting up the sad clouds. He gave just a glance at the ear-rings in Bessie's ears, and Bessie blushed as she rose to allow George to shake hands with him, No one saw the glance but Mrs. Naldret, and she looked gravely at Bessie. Young Mr. Million was profuse in his good wishes for George ; he wished the young man all sorts of luck, and hoped he would soon be back. Every one was gratified at the heartiness with which young Mr. Million expressed his good wishes—every one but Mrs. Naldret; but then nothing seemed to please her to- night. "I must drink your health, George," said the young brewer. Ben Sparrow asked him with a grand air whether he would take sherry wine or port, and he chose sherry, and said that Miss Sparrow should fill his glass for him. Bessie filled his glass and handed it to him with a bright flame in her cheeks; her hand shook too, and a few drops of the wine were spilt upon the table, which young Mr. Million said gaily was a good omen. "And here's good luck to you, George, and a prosperous voyage," he said, and shook hands with George and wished him good-bye, and shook hands also with all in the room. Old Ben Sparrow looked at him very anxiously, and when the young prince with a quietly significant glance at the old man, proposed that Miss Sparrow should open the shop-door for him, Ben said, " Yes, yes, certainly, Sir," and almost pushed Bessie into the shop. Now what made Mrs. Naldret open the parlour-door, and seat herself so that she could see the shop-door ? It may have been done unconsciously, but certain it is that, seeing something pass between young Mr. Million and Bessie as they shook hands at the shop- door, she gave a sudden cry, as if overtaken by a spasm. Bessie ran in at the cry, and then Mrs. Naldret saw in one quick flash, what no one else saw (for Bessie slipped it into her pocket), a letter in Bessie's hand ! The matron said it was nothing, merely a stitch in her side; and turned from the maid to her son, around whose neck she threw her arms, and kissed him again and again. "Why, mother !" exclaimed George, for Mrs. Naldret was beginning to sob convul- sively. "Come, bear up, there's a dear soul ! or we shall all be as bad as you!" Mrs. Naldret repressed her sobs, and pressed him closer to her faithful breast, and whispered— "Ah, Geoege, there are a many woman in the world for you, but there's only one mother !" He whispered back to her—"There's only one woman in the world for me, and that's my darling Bessie ; and there is only one other who is as good as she is, and that's the mother I hold in my arms." And all she could reply to this was—"O, George, George ! O, my dear, dear boy !" with a world of love and pity in her voice. And so the sad evening passed away, until George said, Hadn't father and mother better go home? He would soon be with them. They knew that he wanted to say good-bye to Bessie, who sat pale and tearful, with her hand in his ; and they rose to go, saying he would find them up when he came home. "I know that, dear mother and father," he said, and went with them to the door, and kissed them, and came back with the tears running down his face. "I'll tell you what, George," whispered old Ben Sparrow in George's ear, "you shall say good-bye to Tottie and me, and we'll go to bed; and then you'll have Bessie all to yourself. But don't keep too long, my dear boy, don't keep too long." Tottie had been fast asleep for more than an hour, and George took her in his arms without waking her. "Good-bye, Tottie," he said ; " good-bye, little one !" He kissed her many times, and the child, stirred by his caresses, raised her pretty little hand to his face. He kissed her fingers, and then resigned her to old Ben, who, with his burden in his arms, grasped George's hand tight, and bade him good- bye and God speed. "And don't forget, George," he said, with a secret look towards Bessie. "No, Mr. Sparrow," George replied, "I'll bear in mind what you told me." "God bless you, then, and speed you back !" With this the old man ascended the stairs, with Tottie in his arms, turning over his shoulder to give George a parting look, and humming, "Cheer, boys, cheer!" softly, to keep up the spirit of the lovers. They had listened with a kind of strained attention to the old man's voice, and when it was hushed, and silence fell upon them, George turned to Bessie, and in an instant she was in his arms, lying on his breast. A long silence followed. George heard Bessie's heart beat plainer than the tick of the old fashioned clock, which stood like a ghost in a corner of the room. Not another sound could be heard but the ticking of the old clock and the beating of their hearts. As Bessie lay in her lover's arms, she thought whether it would be generous in her to question him about Tottie. the very asking of the question would imply a doubt. A voice whimpered to her, "Trust him ; perfect love means perfect confidence." But the woman's words were present to her also; and George was paying for the child. She would not admit the thought of anything dishonourable in George; but the sting of the doubt was in her. Would it not be better for her to ask a simple question, which George could easily answer, to be tormented with doubt during the long months he would be away from her? Would it not be simple justice to Tottie? for if she were not satisfied, she might grow to hate the child. And Bessie really loved the pretty little forsaken one. The maternal instinct was in her, like the seedling of a flower in the ground, waiting for the summer time to ripen it into the perfect beauty of motherly love. She loved children. And here, a word. Whether out of place or not, it must he written. Trust not that woman who has no love for little ones. She is unworthy of love. How long the lovers remained silent they did not know. But the time flew all too swiftly, for the solemn time of Westminster proclaimed the hour. Each clang was like a knell. It was midnight. Midnight ! When solemn reflections arise at such a moment, if the mind be attuned to them ! If the world were spread before us like a map, what varied emotion and feeling, what unworthy striving, what unmeritted suffering, what new lives born to pain, what old lives dying out in it, what thoughts dark and bright, what flowers of tender love, what weeds of ruthless circumstance, what souls born in the mire and kept there, what hope, what remorse, what sounds of woe and pleasant fountain-voices with sparkles in them, what angel-lights and divine touches of compassion, would, in the brief space occupied by the striking of the hour, there be displayed ! And so that bell may toll, night after night, for generation after generation, until a time shall come— say in a hundred years—when every human pulse that at this moment beats throughout the world, when every heart that thrills and thirsts, when every vainful mortal that struts and boasts and makes grand schemes for self's exaltment, shall lie dead in earth and sea ! Such thoughts should make us humble. The tell awoke the lovers from their dream, and they spoke in low tones of the future and the hopes that lay in it. for them,. "When I come back with, a little bit of money, my darling," said George, "I shall be content to settle down to my trade, and we shall jog along as happy as can be. We couldn't settle down without pots and pans, and these I am going away to earn. I can see our little home, with you sitting by the fireside, or waiting at the door for me to give me a kiss when my day's work is' done. Then I shall, come round to mother's old way, with her bread-and-cheese and kisses. That will be good enough for me, my darling, with you to give me the kisses." And he gave and took an earnest of them there and then. So they talked of one thing and another until 1 o'clock was tolled by the Westmin- ster bell, and during all that time Bessie had not found courage to speak of what was in her mind. George had noticed the ear- rings in Bessie's ears, but had not spoken of them, thinking that Bessie would have drawn his attention to them. But Bessie's wound was too fresh ; the pain and bewil- derment of it were all engrossing. She had no thought for anything else. "And now I must go, my darling," said George, as they stood by the shop-door ; "for mother and father are waiting for me." He took her face between his hands and kissed her lips, "One kiss for hope; one for faith; and one for love." Bessie raised her face again to his, and whispered as she kissed— "And one for confidence." "And one for confidence," he repeated, as heartily as his sadness would allow. "There should be no secrets between us, George dear." "Certainly there should not be, darling," he replied, "though you've been keeping one from me all the night, you puss !" "I George !" "Yes, you, dearest. You have never told me who gave you those pretty ear- rings." Upon such slight threads often do our dearest hopes hang ! Bessie, yielding to the weak impulse, to play off confidence for confidence, said— "Never mind those, George. I want to ask you something first." At this moment the sound of music came to them, and the waits commenced to play the dear old air of "Home, sweet home." "That's Saul's doing," thought George. ''Good fellow! What will become of him during the time I am away ?" As he and Bessie stood linked in a close embrace, the soft strains floated through the air into their hearts. "There shall be no secrets between us, George, in our own home, sweet home!" "None, darling." "And you'll not be angry with me for saying something ?" "What can my dear girl say to make me angry ? and at such a time!" "Then tell me, George—about Tottie." "The dear little thing ! What about her, dearest ?" "George, is she an orphan?" How long seemed the interval before he replied ! Tick—tick—tick—went the clock, so slowly ! O, so slowly now !" "No, Bessie." How strangely his voice sounded! But he held her closer to him, and she had no power to free herself from his embrace. Indeed, she would have fallen had he loosed her. "Do not be angry with me, George," she whispered, slowly and painfully. "She has a father living?" Another long, long pause, and then, "Yes," from George, in the same strange tone. "Tell me his name, George." He held her from him suddenly, and with his hands upon her shoulders, looked her steadily in the face. But her eyes dropped in the light of his earnest gaze." "I cannot, Bessie," he said; "I must not. When we are married I will tell you all. There shall be no secrets between us in our home, sweet home. Till then, be satisfied." Softer came the dear old air to Bessie's ears. But the tenderer meaning in it was gone for her. She turned from her lover petulantly. "I did not think you would refuse me this, George." Wiser, stronger, than she, he said— "Do not let this trivial matter come between us, my dear ;" and would have taken her to his heart again, but she did not meet him as before. " This trivial matter !" Was he so lost to honour and to love for her ? Something of her mind he saw in her face, and it made his blood hot. "Good God," he thought, "is it possible she suspects me ?" Then he strove to soothe her, but she would not be soothed. She said but little now ; but her face was white with misery ; doubt tore at the wound in her heart She knew the pain she was inflicting upon him by the pain she felt herself. But she could not yield ; she could not say, "I know you are true to me. 1 will be satisfied, and will wait." So his efforts were vain, and 2 o'clock struck, and their agony was not over. The tolling of the bell, however, brought to him the picture of his father and mother waiting up at home for him. "I must go," he said hurriedly. "Good-bye, dear Bessie, and God bleas you ! Trust to me, and believe that no girl ever had more faithful lover." In spite of her coldness, he pressed her close to his breast, and whispered assurances of his love and faithfulness. Then tore him- self away, and left her almost fainting in the shop, love and doubt fighting a sickening battle in her heart. A witness in the Court of Common Pleas lately pave her name as "Elizabeth Martha Selina Geo giana Augusta Cuham Burrows." This, she said, was "her Christendom name,'' but she did not in general "write in full." 