PRO DDE DISSECTED IN MAC- MILLAN'S MAGAZINE. C IFee&y; Freeman.) Mr. Lecky has contributed to the current nimber of Macmillan's Magazine an his- torical Criticism on Mp. Fronde's recent Wojrk, to which careful attention should 1)e given. Perhaps^-no-man is better, Qualified- than the historian ot; "Europeaii'.ifdrals 1 " to examlix^ the opinions which Mr. Froudeias expressed in his.latest'effort at, History. That Mr. Lecky is &n; Irishman is probably with 1 Mr. Froude a disqualification ; but 'however Mr. Froude's prejudioe may blind hiifi, lie is far too able, too : 6bservant, 'boo keen a. man 4idt to wince beneath the dissection which Mr. Lecky has wrought upon him... It is in no spirit of anger'towards the English gentleman that we, invite general attention to thLk very able and eloquent paper. We have from the very first found matter for surprise and even amusement in "The English in Ireland;" and we have never been able to recognise in any ! one" page such reasonable, well- founded censure as to make any ordinarily well-informed Irishman ashamed of himself-or-his country. Any honest man, wbo should collect from the files of the leading English journals in assize time the naked i unadorned- statements.of crime and villainy would find quite as terrible a picture of English life in the nineteenth century, with all its godliness, as Mr. Froude has found for Ireland in the seventeenth century with all its savagery. We do not believe the fact can be disputed ; the conclusion speaks for itself. With Mr. Froude's system of morals Mr. Lecky has but small sympathy. Indeed, we believe there is hardly- one intelligent man who, whatever may be his views on the general question of Saxon versus Celt, will hesitate to pronounce this abhorrence of what Mr. Lecky properly calls "the deification of success, the worship of force as the incarnation of right, the hatred of all that is weak and of all that unsuccessful." The ' sadness which comes to every liberal soul from a perusal of the works of Carlyle and Froude is proof enough of this. That Mr. Carlyle placed the diadem of heroism on the brow of Frederick, cried for joy over the invasion of Siberia, defended the conspiracy of Kings against the existence of Poland, has beyond, all question affected general confidence in his judgment, and irreparably blighted his influence over men. Mr. Froude's wild heroics concerning the angelic disposition of Henry VIII. has given grave disquiet to all who are capable of admiring great powers and lamenting their wanton abuse.' To the worship of success,- to enthusiasm for brute force, are wholly attributable these melancholy developments. But' Mr. Froude's History uf England is not a mad book. It is, indeed, passionate, and, nerved with a wicked venom that startles the : reader. But " The English in Ireland" is the per formahce of a hobbyist altogether distraught. As Mr. Lecky pithily says, it is "a bitter invective against the Irish people, against the Catholic religion; and, above all, against the maxims of liberal policy." With a candour which does lum honour," and with an ability which no man can question, Mr. Lecky combatB Mr. • Froude!s fundamental doctrine, that the creed Of the Irish people was at the root'of their rebellions. He shows, what Mr. Froude must know quite as well as he, that the wars of rapes had been waged when the religious question was unknown; and that when one nation changed its faith in a day, and the other remained staunch to its belief, the oppressor tortured this new difficulty into an engine for unbelievable atrocities. At the time of ." the Reformation" the Irish position was simply one o£ quiescence. The Catholic faith prevailed theretofore, and the Irish people did not change. Mr. Froude sneeringly speaks of "the immediate instinct" which'induced the Irish to adhere, to the Pope, as though the instinct were a mean one. A moralist would discover in it proof of constancy and virtue. Mr. Lecky acknowledges that when the Irish* Catholics were in power they were tolerantand neighourly towards Protestants,.and argues that "a more honourable proof of the absence, of religious fanaticism it wonld be impossible to conceive." But Mr. Froude, purblind ith the "religious fanaticism" which he fiercely endeavours to charge against the Irish people, has been whirled into the miserable folly of defending the most terrible and destructive policy ever porsned by ruthess invader. Spenser tellsns—"The Irish looked like anatomies of death, and spoke like ghosts crying out of the grave; they flocked to a plot of watercresses as to a feast, and ate dead carrion, happy when they could find it,v and soon after scraped- the very carcases out of the graves.' At length the consummation was made perfect. " Whoever did travel from the one end to the other of all Muhster would not meet any man, woman, or child, saving in townB or cities, nor yet see any beast." For such condition of a people Mr. Froude has no humanity; his powers are exhausted in eulogising the ruler. He says, in explaining the rebellion of 1641—"The Catholics "were indulged to the uttermost, and therefore rebelled." Mr. Hallam states, as primary cause?," the " two great sins of the. English Government—the penal laws as to religion, which pressed on almost the whole people, and the systematic iniquity which despoiled them of their possessions." The reader is not likely to be deceived by Mr. Froude's pronouncement, opposed as it is to proof and sense and all authority. But it seems futile to linger while we reason -with a man who declares that " the oonsent of man' was not asked when he .was bora into the world ; his consent will not be asked when his time comes to die—as little has his consent to do with the laws which while he lives he is bound to obey." Such a creed sweeps heroism from the world's history, and debases humanity to a boundlessly expansive servitude. We willingly quote from Mr. Lecky what every reader of calm dispassionate mind wjllrwM endorse concerning'tfre* geneial tettjler of Irish Catholics:—" To the long night of trial through winch they passed 'we may probal>aly ascribe a great part, of their nobleBtchkractferistics : a deep and fervent attachment to their creed whibh nb' threats ; and blandishments could shake: a spirt of reference and simple piety, of cheerful conteut,.of mutjial charity under extreme poverty, such as few rfatiohs inEflropecan equal;" 'Su5b"testittiony fromacapableman, whose merit^albeitl$e.i8. of the failing race," Mr. Froude woffld scarce deny, is of greater moment to intelligent minds studious of Irish matters, than Mr. Froude's wild revilings in what he is pleased to dignify as history. • 