GREAT BRITAIN. HE ENGLISH PILGRIMAGE TO PARAY-1E- MONIAL, The English pilgrimage to the shrine of he Blessed Margaret Mary of Alacoque ^t out at early dawn on the 2nd Septemer. The Duke of Norfolk and his broher, Lord Edmund Howard ; • several embers of the Gainsborough family; Lord Arundel and Lord Walter Ker ; Lord Dormer and Lord Southwell; the Marchioness of Lothian, Lady Herbert of- Lea, and a host of noble men and women from England and Scotland accompany the pilgrim cortege. On Monday, 1st September,, the Archbishop of Westminster conducted the opening service at the pro-cathedral, Kensington. The church was thronged with a distinguished assemblage wearing the badge of the party—a red°heart ort a white ground. Glittering with golden emblems and embroidery, the banners to be presented at Paray were grouped around the high altar. At seven o'clock Dr. Manning entered. After benediction he ascended the pulpit and preached to the following effect :— Bev. and dear brethren and dear children in Jesus Christ,—It is a joy to ine to be in the midst of you to-night, and to bid yon God speed on the" eve of your pilgrimage in honour of the Sacred Heart oi our Divine Redeemer. You carry with you the love and veneration of Catuolic England. You are not a mere company gathered by chance. Many of you have beeu chosen from all parts of England, and are deputed as representatives of dioceses and missions and homes. You have also received the united benediction of the Catholic Episcopate of England by a letter written from our Provincial Council. And, bevond all this, I have to make known to you that our Holy-Father has granted to all who unite in this pilg. image a plenary indulgence and his special benediction, whioh, when I have spoken tbe few words I need to. say, I will impart to you. Wuat yon do at this time you do opeuly in the. face of the oria and'under the eyes of our country. ? his pilgrimage of ours has called forth no little comment, and that comment is contradictory arid strange, gome, indeed, would seem so much-ih- httite to condemn, that-they cannot understand voar motives nor what therefore, a pilgrimage to inay leave be: behind It will you not a declaration be amisB, of your meaning and your motives, und I will undertake, to speak in jour behalf. It is no new thing to go on pilgrimage. The first sacred place of Christian pilgrimage was Mount Calvary. Erom the beginning the concourse of .Christians to the place of our Eedeemer's Paesiou was so great that to put an iind 'to their coining a heathen temple was buflt, "as if to desecrate the spot where tbe QrogB had stood. The common sense of Christian men is enough to explain and to justify a pilgrimage to Calvary, or to the Holy Sepulohrej or to Bethlehem, or to any place where our Lord manifested Himself among aaen. faith in Him and love to Him draw us powerinllytothesppts wliichareaacred to His memory. To t&ose; yrho bel^eye in Him, Palestine istfie Ho<y Land^ every read He may have troa, eyfifa' city ((yhere He may have rested Srawg'^ iia,Ti)y ian ''attraction, and gives vividfUBBs'-and jrealuty'tb memory; and to faith. B&t; this ' wiil 'vaty in the measure of faith fend loTe:' • 'Thtise' -who believe in Him and " love him ^hough' they see Him not,'' will faSgie aBifrivation-with joy that they aiiy with thelf ewtf e^S ISTWtBSfff Uti4 w Oethsemane and >Mpnnt Olivet,.and then go , back in heart to the hour tftei^He aieft al ~ ' the person of our bivine Lord-^nd-^Jhi^ ; can be more reasonable, natural, and jvorthy.^ of respect? iBut we shall' he asked,-,whkt., has this to,do with Paray-Ie-Monialf It hai.' this, at least, to do With it—tlfat tbe retisbn-. ; ablenesB and piety (if a pilgrimage to sacred ' places cannot be denied.. But we shall be challenged to show thut Paray-ie'-^IoiijM is a, sacred place. I answer this by a fact whioh'. cannot be disputed. The devotion to the. Sacred Heart of Jesus is at this moment spread throughout tlft Catholic world." Its chief centre is in the Holy See ; it spreads into every province and .into every dipc'ose bf the Churcb. There is hardly a church in t which it is not visibly set forth by an altair or a shrine, or a picture; tliere is hardly a Catholic family where it is not, known;. it is', in all our books of piety, it is the subject bf an extensive and various literature, from treatises of theology to manuals for children. Next to the devotion of the Most Holy Sacrament, aud in intimate union with. it, the devoiion of the Sicred Heart- is interwoven most profoundly in the heart and consciousness of the faitiiful in all lands. This devotioi), so widespread, so sacred,, BO bound up with the piuty of tbe universal Church, took its rise at. Paraj-le-Monial in the heart of a humble and despised nun in. the convent of the Visitation. The world may account for this fact as it will. We believe, with the assurance of faith, that such a devotion could not have sprung up or Spread itself throughout the Church except by the Holy Ghost. We ascribe it, there: ^ fore, to the Holy Ghost, and Paray-le-Monial,' is the spot where this D.viue w-'ik was began, and from which it has spread into all the C-itholic world. The fuct is undeniable. Sense and reason attest it. The explanation of the fact may be indeed a matter of faith ; but whos iever would explain the rise and universality of this davoti-m upon natural principles, or by natural causes only, must have a credulity which surpasses our faith. But it is further attested that this devotion - had its origin in a vision of our Divine Redeemer, in which He taught and directed. the blessed Margaret Mary how she was to teach this adoration of His Sacred Heart to others. It is no wonder to us that those who ave ceased to believe in the incarnation of he Son of God, and even in the coining of esus Christ, should di.-believe i-ll visions of is personal presence. But it is a wonder hat those who profess to believe that He manifested Himself to Saul on the way to Damascus, and again in the Temple, and to Stephen and to the beloved Disciple, should, join with the unbelievers in denying or deriding His manifestations of Himself at sundry times and i» divers manners to His servants and His friends. The New Testament Scriptures show that such manifestations belong to the order of grace and faith under which we are. The Catholic Church believes that His words, " Behold, I am with you all days, even unto tbe consummation of tbe world," are fulfilled, and that they pledge to us the perpetuity of His presence, invisible at all times, but also visible when in His l)ivinewill and wisdom He is pleased to manifest Himself. On evidenoe which would mora than 6iifiS.ce to prove any historical .fact, tho Church has sanctioned the belief that our, Divine Lord, when He would inspire this devotiou to Himself into the soul of Margaret Mary, appeared to her in vision. The works which that vision wrought are at this day isible in all the Catholic lands. The world may deny the vision, but the fact of the devotion it cannot deny. Such, then, are the reasons of the pilgrimage to Paray-le-Monial. It is the place in which the world-wide devotion of the Sacred Heart took its rise. If the world will not see in this a sufficient reason, at least it may allow it to be harmless, and leave to us our liberty of enjoyiug what has. no attraction or interest for itself. Let us go on, then, to the motive. Why should tha devotion of the Sacred Heart move us to make a pilgrimage to the place of its origin t Because it is a fervent adoration of the person of Jesus Christ; because it most profoundly teaches as His personal love and personal relation to us, and because it most powerfully awakens and sustains our'personal love to Him and the' consciousness of our personal relation to < Him, The devotion hns taught to us a Way of meditating on the character and lofe of Jesus, so easy, so obvious, and I m«y say. so childlike, that all who have learnt to practise, it will understand why it is so precious to them, and they who can criticise'it'asBuredly cannot understand- it, or they would realiBe and love it as we do. If the knowledge and love of Jesns Christ be the way of salvation, • and if our personal, fidelity to Him ia our kinsman,- -brother, and friend, otfr Saviour, and our Lord, be, as it is, the sum of Christian piety, then assuredly the devotion of_the Sacred Heart is the most perfect and obvious way to its attainment. If to know the char-. aoter of Jesus be the way to love Him, and if tp love Him be the way to fee like Him, then the devotion to the Sacred Heart is the Book ih Whioh He is to be ihost'deeply'and' tiruly'known; if the imitation of 'Jestts'UhriBti be the way of salvation and perfection!'tfefctt the devotion of the Sacred Heitt iastto safest His love as God and man—^a 'm&ditatfbii; on the human affeotions -and sytnpatKOT wM^ iii Him axe deified.' Hisiuthfrn heart'ls liW heart' of God, • and tbe'ipeirfeistfcm^-ofs Hik humanity-are also divine -p^rfectionft. a5oS they' are.ourezample,aSi ttaeyi ar©,.«la».*£» foundation of »ur;hop4.; 0e bi4 W tftte flis'Sttored Heartwhen He said—" Learn ofrae.for lam meek and lowly of heart." And we adore His' Sacrei Heart as the pattehi of our imitation, ihc object of our worship, the fountain of His most precious blood,, in, which we are oleanceil. and of all' grace Whereby we are sanoiified. Such Is tne mbtiire which makes the devotion' precious to OB, and it motes also Paray-le- Monial, where it was taught to a humble soul who has taught it to us, a place of sacred memories and of thanksgiving to the Divine Teacher from whom this devotion came. In all this I can Fee nothing supeivtitiou.i, credulouB, unmanly, or unmeaning; my judgment rather IB that they who have broken out into Pharisaic bitterness, or the ravings of bigotry, or the c>'ld scorn of unbelief against \eu have Btaine i themselves with words unworthy of Christians or of men. But perhaps we shall hear it said that there is nothing new in all this hut the strange phraseology in which we word it; that devotion to our Lord is as old as the Gospel, and that He instituted this mrsonal devotion to Himself, not at Paray- but in Jerusalem. To tliis I an- Je-Mouial, swer—if they who say so had indesl learnt the devotion He taught in Jerusalem, they would understand the lesson He taught again at Para.v-le-Monial, when the world had turned coldly away from Him. It is most true, and the objectors for ouce are right in telling us that there is nothing new in the devotion of the Sacred Heart. The ApoBtles knew it, the Beloved Disciple taught it, Mary Magdalen lived and died in its grace and peace. It is only the relation o[ love to Jesus which is due to Him from all His disciples made deep, fervent, tender, and explicit by a profound contemplation of His own heart of love. But contrast the world which rejects this devotion with the Church that practises it. It is like the contrast of Winter and Summer. In {the world we see His own words fulfilled, "Because the iniquity .bath abounded, the love of many shell, grow cold." In the devotion of the Baored Heart we Bee one more fulfilment of His desire, " I am come to oast fire upon the earth, and what will I but that it be kindled?" Tou are going, then, beloved brethren* and children in Jesus Christ, in witness of our thanksgiving and adoration to otu Divine Redeemer for all the mysterieB of His love and passion, and for the grace of this devotion, whereby He bas drawn us with an especial knowledge and love to Himself. Yon are bearing your testimony against the world, which is openly rejecting Him, and againBt the cold-hearted and halfhearted cowardice of those who profess to believe in Him and are afraid of bearing Bhame for His sake. You are defying the world, which denies and derides the power of prayer, which will not pray for itself, and points the finger of scorn at those who do You are also rebuking those who take to themselves the Christian name, and who would be ashamed to deny in words the power of prayer, but who will join with the unbelievers when they revile you. You are going to intercede for them and for our country, that all evil may he turned away item it and that all blessings may be upon it; above all, that the light of faith may arise over it, and that the spirit of prayer and of grace may descend upon it. Yon will pray for the Christian world, which is shattered by revolutions and dissolving by unbelief, and for the Churota of God, which is spreading throughout the world, that tbe nations which have been seduced by the spirit of antiohristian error may once more enter within the gates of its imperishable unity. You will pray, above all, for our Holy Father the Vicar of Jesus Christ, that the days of his affliction may be shortened, and that the sovereignty of justice and of truth may once more reign upon the earth. You go as witnesses of faith and prayer, and of the supernatural order of grace ami of salvation, and of the sovereignty of tbe Bon of God, who was made man for ns, now at the right hand of His Father, where He must reign till He has put all enemies under His feet. Go, then, in the name of Jesus Christ, and ma.v the blessing of His Vicar, which I will now Impart to you, be upon you in your going out and your comin, now and for ever. The sermon was followed by Benediction, and then the Archbishop and the officiating clergy walked in procession down the nave of the cathedral, his Grace distributing as he went the Pontifical blessing. The proceedings of the evening ended with the consecration of two banners to be borne by the pilgrims on their journey. His Grace was assisted by the Rev. J. Connolly as deacon, and the Rev. J. Reeks as sub-deacon. In the choir were many priests and two prelates—the Right Rev. Monsignors Weld and Yertue. The Rev. A. Douglas was cross-bearer, and the Rev. J. Palmer conducted the ceremonies. The scene which followed the last words of the Archbishop is described as solemn and deeply touching. The pilgrims bent low in prayer, the lights on the altar glittered and the banners blazed, the Bishop stood motionless like a saint in marble, and the silence of the grave prevailed over all. THE DEPARTUBE. ; The Pilgrims went via Whitehaven, where Maea was said on board the steamboat,, over whose decks floated the bannersofthe Pope and of the Sacred Heart. As soon, as the train started from Victoria station prayers for a sale journey were recited': in each carriage and compartment, followed by the Litany of the Sacred Heart, and seven paters and aves for flw Popp,' fb£ jfersemited Bi&ops;, tol' the Ohurch, The five Joyful'MjtetfciieB of tbe RoBary were read forthGctaiVersion of bad Gatholios. Before the steamer disembarked its burden at . Dieppe, the Magnificat was chanted in the port., i On the road between Dieppe and Rouen the five Sorrowful Mysteries weregone through for the conversion of England to the Catholic faith. After this there was an hour's Bilence. Then came the five Glorious Mysteries for the conversion of all sinners. On Wednesday morning, 3rd September, the Bishop of Salford offered up Mass in the Church of Notre Dame de Yictoires, Paris, after which the journey to Paray was commenced. From Paris to Paray the time was occupied in prayer. On arriving at the place of the miracle, a procession was formed, and all inarohed to the shrine. Masses, general confession, an act of public reparation for national sins, sermons, vespers, and an act of consecration of Great Britain to the Sacred Heart, followed in rapid succession. Benediction and Te Deum closed the devotions of this, the most remarkable religious movement in modern times. ORIGIN OF THE MIRACLE. The Blessed Marguerite Marie Alacoque was born atVerosevres, diocese of Autun, 22nd July, 1647. Her father was a notary. She was placed in charge of the religious order of Urbanistes, with whom she suffered a four years' illness, and was sent home sick. From the age of ten she slept upon the bare floor, prayed nearly all night, in the depth of winter, passed days without food, and used the discipline on her emaciated body. Subsequently she entered tbe Convent of the visitation at Paray-le-Monial. Here she had ecstacies, of one of which she has written :—" I found myself invested with the Divine Presence. He made me repose for a long time upon His divine breast, where He disclosed to me the marvels of His love and. the inexplicable secrets of His sacred heart. He said to me, ' My Divine heart is so full of passionate love for men, and for you in particular, that it can no longer contain within itself the flow of its ardent loving kindness. It is necessary that it should be distributed by your agency, and I have chosen you for the accomplishment of this design.' After this He asked me for my heart, which I begged him to take. He took it; and put it within His adorable own, in which I saw it like an atom consuming in an ardent furnace. Presently He took it out again, a burning flame in the shape of a heart, and putting it back in the place whence He had originally taken it, he said, ' There, my well-beloved, is a precious gage of my love, which encloses in your side a little spark of its most vivid flame.' " After this Marguerite had several manifestations, and upon her statements, examined and tested in every possible way, the devotion to the Sacred Heart was founded. 