AMERICA. (From Correspondence in the Herald.) In literary circles, tho most important rocont event has been tho coming of Mr. James Anthony Fronde to lecture to us on Irish his tory. Our Celtic citizens make so much noiso that Fronde may well bo pardoned for having at first doubted whether ho would not bo mobbed, if he told what ho bolieved to bo tho truth. But ho was so strongly oncouraged by prominont Americans to come that ho at last took his risk of being rotten-egged, or perhaps murdered. T-Ta lma imw flnlivni'nrl liio full stmivun np H^ro !/*«_ turos, and there was not onco the faintest ap proach to disturbance, although ho gave the Catholic Church ovory now and then some pretty sovero hits. In spite of high rates, too, the hall was full overy night, and tho fivo lectures real ised no less than 8000 dollars, half of which, or 4000, wont to the historian. Roally, I think that shows that wo aro not so utterly lost to the claims of tho 'higher literature' as wo aro sometimes accusod of boing. AVhon did a conrso of lectures ever realise so much in England / Not even Pepper's ghost, I suspect, was half as profitable. But Froudo deserves all tho monoy and fame he will get. Ho has reminded tho American people of many wholesome historical truths — for instance that it was tho Protestant Irishmen of tho North who sympathised with tho cause of American independence and froo govern ment, while tho Catholics of tho South and 'West wore drawing up servile addresses of loyalty to King Georgo 111. Another point ho insisted upon again .and again was that tho Irish land lords wore responsible for Irish misery and suf fering, and that it was a political misfortuuo that this sMino baleful iuiliienco of a landed aristo cracy having until lately held tho reins of powor in England, it had been impossible for the Irish peasant to obtain redress, in the national Parlia ment. Hut now, says Mr. Froudo, a great and sulutory c-hango has' boon brought about. The Irish landlords have practically boon suppressed -y Mr. Gladstone's Land Act of thrae years ago, iiid tin England the landed aristocracy are on t last trial. If they wish to survive as an insti utipn, they must romomber that a privileged ilass can exist only by exhibiting Spartan virtue. !ts mombers must prof or noble and conscientious indeavour to tho pleasures of solf-indulgonco. L'hcy must depend for their political supremacy, lot upon their wealth, but upon their patriotism. Co us, living in America,' this seems a strangely ?adical doctrino to come from a great English nan ; but, of course, it is an echo of tho spirit -f tho Amorican Constitution, and commonsu ?atoly pleasing to lis. Tho women's rights folks havo just embarked .n a new lino of enterprise. You know, of :ourso, that we havo lady lawyers, doctors, jlorgywomon, arid stockbrokers. Wo havo now ;ot a great lady' merchant — Madamo Desmorest, ivho edits tho ' Women's Journal'. Somo time vgo sho started tho Women's Tea Company for importing a pure article by exclusively f ominino xgency, and this proved so successful poou tiiarily that sho has now ventured to send out a 3hip of her own to China to bring back a cargo of cougou and silks. Plucky, isn't it I No one can help wishing her well. ' After a year's struggle in tho Courts, tho not of justico is closing more and moro upon tho thieves of tho Tammany Ring. When they wore first detected, most people thought they would escape with the moro disgrace of exposure. But now it looks moro probable -that Twoed will go to the Stato prison, and Fields and Connolly have both run away, and forfeited the enormous bail under which they wore at largo. Major Hall's trial is now progressing, and as the indict ment morcly charges ' criminal negligence, ' and as that is already clearly mado out, it is thought more than l:kely that tho culprit will to morrow plead guilty, especially as thero is no strong feeling against him, and tho cxtromo penalty is only a year's imprisonment, and a thousand dollars' fine. No one bolioves now that Hall corruptly made monoy ; he simply lot other people steal without interruption. Meanwhile, corruption in other cities has boon terribly punished. A Chicago alderman, con victed of taking a bribe, has got fivo years in tho Illinois Penitentiary ; and a contractor in Jersey city has been sentenced to a year with hard labour. Public plunderers receive scant mercy from a jury, I can tell yon ; and it seems as though wo were entering upon a reasonably pure political era. The English emigration to America is now as suming tremendous proportions, and it looks as though wo wore about to see a' groat influx of Englishmen to this country as great as tho oxo dus of tho Irish from 1849 to 1855, or of tho Germans within the past ton yoars: During tho last three months, 18,000 English emigrants havo. landed at Castle Garden, and only 5000 Irish. The more that come, tho moro thero will come, as ovory emigrant is merely a prospecting uvant courier of a small army. And they will be sin gularly welcome. Americans are a little jealous of Irish supremacy, and though they respect tho Germans very highly, thoy would, I think, at heart prefer their own original branch of tho great Teutonic race. While, therforo, they regret that England is just now passing through a soason of adversity, they will notbo-forry if it results in a satisfactory fiow of Englishmen to this country. A Slight Mistake. — Wo road that a gentle man from 'sunny Italy,' residing in San Fran cisco, recently made a trifling mistake in arranging the preliminaries for his marriage. Ho wished to procure a liconso, but being from 'sunny Italy' and ignorant of the language which is spoken in California — which is said to resemble tho English in some respects — ho could not make himself clearly understood. Thus it happened that when ho presented himself with tho expectant bride before tho officer who was to perform tho ceremony, it was found that ho had a license, not to take a wife, but to keep a dog ! Tho record ends at this critical stago of tho proceeding, but if that young woman was a representative California female, it is fair to infer that thero was rather an animated scene in that vicinity about that timo. Coui'oiiAii Punishment. — A description of tho flogging given. to Fred. Plummer for insub ordination, is published b}r tho Dunedin ' Star,' which says : — ' The flagellatov was a tall mus cular man, specially engaged for tho duty, and judging by tho manner in which ho wielded the ' cat,' ho is no novice at that kind of work ; ho was formerly attached to H.M. frigate Black Prince. Tho prisoner was brought from his coll between two of tho officers, and appeared slightly pale from nervous excitement. The expression of Ids face was somowhat anxious, but ho walked very collectedly and steadily to the triangles, as if he had mado up his mind to tho punishment, and after baring himself to tho waist, stood with a hand grasping each front log of tho triangle. Tho fiagellator tied him with tho straps, under tho direction of tho officers, and then took up his position ? with tho ' cat,' testing the correct ness of the reach by laying it gently on Plum mcr's back. Tho signal having boon given, tho fiagellator swung the ' cat' twice round his head, to give tho blow impetus, and with the third sweep, brought it down on tho right shoulder. Tho stroke was givon with a will, the tracks of the cords and the dents of tho knots boing easily traceablo on tho skin. ' Ono,' called out the officer. Again tho tail swept round in tho air, Mill then down on tho samo placo. Two,' called out tho counter of tho lashes. Tho blows wore repeated regularly in tho same manner ; and between each blow the fiagellator drew his fingers through the tails of tho ' cat' to untwist and let them hang freely. Tho offect upon Plummer as regards pain was undoubted. After tho third cut tho muscles of tho shoulders quivered slightly ; ho bogan to moan and wince terribly; and continued to do so to tho end, with that peculiar sibilant drawing in of tho breath of ono in intense pain. Tho oflects woro that tho diagonal pink lines grow scarlet, and ran into oiio another till thoro was a scarlot band, which quivered and flushed and changed to a purplo colour ; thon thoro was an involuntary shrinking of tho muscles' on tho right shoulder ; and tho convulsivo twitching increased in intensity up to tho final stroke. Twenty - four, twonty-fivo lashes foil, then a loud voico cried ' stop.' Akoeii. — It is yory curious to observe tho way in which anger is wont to mako uso of tlio plural. No soonor is any man injured, or thinks himsolf injured, by somo oiio person bolonging to a body, than tho injured man attaches tho blamo to tho whole of tho body. Ho is injured, we will admit, by ono person belonging to a family, or a govornmont, or any section of man kind. Forthwith ho goes about saying, ' Thoy aro abominable pooplo ; thoy usod mo shame fully.' This practice scorns at first sight only ludicrous, but it often leads to most serious consequences. Tho injurod man puts himself into an attitude of hostility to tho whole body. Thoy hoar of it, and aro prompt to tako up tho quarrel ; and so. in tho ond, ho really has to contend against tho in justico, if it bo injustice, not only of ono man, but of many men, and thereby has not furthored his causo. Scotch. — Tlio following story is illustrative] of tho language of Scotland, and affords an ox amplo of tho prominonco said to bo givon to vowels in Scotch discourse. Tho dialogue is between a shopman and a customor, and tho convosation relates to a plaid hanging at the shop door :— CnsUfciier (inquiring tho material) : Oo ? (wool I) Shopman : A, oo (yes wool). Cus tomer : A' oo ; (all wool ?) Shopman : Ay a' oo (yes, all wool). Customor : A' ao oo (all samo wool ?) Shopman : Ay, a'ao oo(yos all tho samo wool). 