SORRENTO Who has not heard of Sorrento? Sorrento Park ? immortalised by Bogus in the Legislative Assem- bly in a silly attack upon, the hon. Daffy ; all however may not know much about it otherwise, therefore I may as well say that it is over on the south-east side of the Bay, near the Heads, and a little above the Sanatorium. Sorrento has its pier, a very excellent one, which our largest steamers could come alongside. Sorrento is like few other places, its population is scattered, but considerable, it has a park! and a reserve for public buildings! it has its own post office, and its own postmaster-general (without a portfolio), although the number of representative men resi- ding there might justify an idea that at some future period the seat of Government might be changed from Melbourne to Tootgarook, the ori- ginal and highly poetical name of the soil about there, until Milesianised or Italianised into Sor- rento. We have within a stone's throw—or a few Irish miles of each other—the residences of two members of the present Government, two members of the previous one, and two members of that august assemblage known as the " Most potent, grave, and reverend signiors," viz., Messrs. Kerferd, Casey, Duffy, O'Grady, R. S. Anderson, and Murphy, to say nothing of Commodore Coffey, Commandant of the Victoria Yacht Club; Mr. Sandilands, a lawyer of emi- nence ; Mr. Wilson, a gentleman of no end of literary and nautical ability, who could box the compass in Sanscrit, and give you the Greek for a double sheaved snatch block. Sorrento has more, it has its hotel—"Hotel Sorrento"—a very pro- minent object in coming up or going down the south channel, and one which is looked out for and found with some avidity, after a scramble over the hills to the back beach, but of that anon. The hotel itself, like Macbeth's castle, "Hath a pleasant seat; the air nimbly and sweetly recommends itself unto our gentle senses." Outside it is simply a substantial massive looking building, of no particular style of architecture, and a fine tower of some 70ft. in altitude, from which a grand view of the Bay, the Heads, Bass's Straits, and Cape Schanck can be obtained. In- side although, a winter-y prospect presents itself in the landlord, the question of " Shall I not take mine ease in mine inn?" meets with a ready solu- tion—every visitor can get slippers and civility combined, with moderate charges - for the asking - Sorrento has more! every one knows—has read— has heard of the White Lady of Avenel. We have had the Lady of Keinast Tower! Sorrento has its "Lady"—a real good stiff ghost story. At early dawn, when people of sufficient moral courage are going down to take their constitu- tional dip, there stands the Lady of Sorrento, seen in the grey of the morning, in evening twi- light, in moonlight, or illumined by the light, ning's gleam, there, with the same Grecian bend, or Roman fall, for it partakes of both, stands in the same sentimentally light blue dress, the Lady of Sorrento ! Well, we pass her on one side, and go over to the other side of the peninsula, through the bush, and I can assure you there are some heavy pinches and some stiff timber to negociate on the journey—locally spoken of as two and a- half miles—credeat Judæus, or tell that to the marines, all up hill and sandy as it is! but the petty difficulties of the journey over, a view breaks on the astonished gaze that would recompense a journey in naked feet over broken glass bottles. All tourist books, from Murray downwards, offer precautions—in Switzerland for example—they say, " take an Alpenstock," I will say the same, but I may add that the man who shall take with him a bottle of water shall do well, but he who carries a qualifying sodawater bottle of elixir Otardi, shall, as Elia said, "do better," for though at the back beach there be water all around, there's not a drop to drink ; but who would, who could feel thirsty with the grand sight before him—the wild, the breaker-beaten coast, the curiously fantastically wave worn limestone rocks, some of which have stood the ravages of time and weather, presenting peculiar appearances ; one is London Bridge, somewhat on the luous a non principle, another from one point sufficiently like the young Memnou's head of the Pyramids to jus tify such a name, although indeed, to traditional suurise music heard on this weather-beaten coast is a different melody ; here the sea beats and frets with incessant roar, more or less hoarse according to atmospheric conditions ; the yeasty breakers chasing one another in rude revelry of their strength; here and there the water rushes up a rock, and filling some cavity forms as it were a fountain, till the returning wave replenishes the source; and then for fishing, to those who are ardent sportsmen and don't mind getting wet feet, there is sport fit to coax honest Izaak Walton out of his grave, for such fishing, probably his only regret would be that the finny prey was too easily caught. Well, the rising tide waits for no man, and so after a scramble over the weedy rooks we rest a few minutes to smoke, and then away amongst the pretty ferns and orchids which cover the hills, here and there putting up a rabbit or starting a bush bird from its propriety, and so home to the " Hotel Sorrento" laden with fish, shells, fauna flora, or bits of wreck, all pleasurably tired with just enough physical exertion and mental excite ment to make one fully prepared, after reasonable refreshment, edible and potable, to smoke a cigar, and after a social chat to roll into bed and soon be in " th' Elysian lapped of happy dreams." A few words for the " Williams," to all old tour ists the " Mystery" was familiar and popular; the "Mystery" was a little jolly boat, th " Wil liams" is a jolly big boat; yet one hardly knows which is which or which is the other Captain Liley, the ever watchful " goes her a-head" or "turns her astarn, ea- s-y," the same obliging gentleman, Mr. Taylor, asks with unvarying blandness, "Single or return, &c.;" the same pet dog obeys the order to " Come on board, sir," when ashore without leave, and generally, save in the matter of size and accommodation, the boats are the same. The " Williams" has an up per deck; which I may say, from a flying survey and a rough calculation would, with a good brass band, carry about eight sets of quadrilles or any quantity of "cyclonic gyrators." Let the hypochondriac, the dyspeptic, or the dis tressed in mind, body, or estate, take a dose of " Williams," " Hotel Sorrento," and Back Beach, and if not a hopelessly chronic ease, he will soon develop symptoms of improvement. 