CHAPTEK XaXVI. A CHHISTENDÍG PAHTT. Lo i at the oonoh, whare infant beauty sleep«, Her allant watch the mournful mother keep» ; And Weare» a Bong of melancholy Joy " Sleep, Image ot thy father-sleep, my boy." -Campbell "Rejoicing« at Glenbracken-Birth of an Heir." The Scotch papers had a paragraph bearing the above title among the local news, just under the latest tidings from the seat of war in Amenca, or rather from the places where the war had been, for it was all over now. Harry and .Mona had a tyttje son-a blue-eyed, fair-ekinned atom of humanity, who was every inch a Graeme, every one declared. His father and mother thought ttiere never was such a child; and his grandfather idolised him. though there were times when he looked at him that he felt a pang at his heart as he thought of the fear- less, curly-haired boy, so like his dead Cecil, and of the patient, meek-eyed woman, so uncomplaining and so heroic in her sorrow. Heister Blair was no longer spoken of with scorn at Glenbracken; she had taken her place in all hearts during her brief visit; and Mr. Grseme's dread of the stage, and belief that a woman must necessarily be light of character because she is an actress, had departed with his knowledge of her whom his son had chosen. " If he were only alive to marry her over again," he said to himself-" to make that lovely boy the master here ; but then Mona's boy-Ah ! I suppose it's all ordered for the best, though we cannot sse it. Where can the last of this tangled skein be, I wonder ?" Keenly interested in the American struggle, the family at Glenbracken followed the fortunes of the two armies with enthusiasm, and by the time that the surrender of the South waa an accomplished fact they had grown familiar with the names of all the men of mark in both armies. More than this, they had friends in America, sotue of whom bad lost homes and fortunes through the. vicissitudes of the war, so that they were kept more ou fait to what was going on than most people on this side the Atlantic. The name of General Weet was constantly before them ; hardly a paper reached them but they read of him, first as a lieutenant who bad risen from the ranks ; then as captain, major, colonel ; till the last advices reported him geueral, with all the honours that the country could bestow heaped upon bim. Such a career had something almost fabulous in its rapidity and brilliancy. In our own country, where promotion is slow and the reward of bravery by no means either commensurate or sure, such a rise seems almost incredible; but Gettysburg bad put the finishing stroke to the for- tunes of the young soldier, and raised him to the very pinnacle of success. Mona's baby was baptised "Henry Allan Cecil," in the English style-one of the sponsors being a gentleman from America, a very old friend of the family ; another Mr. Duncan Graham, and the third Mary Ferguson. The good people about Glen- bracken were rather scandalised at what they called the Popish fashion in which the young hero had been made a Christian of. They were accustomed to see their children simply baptised by the minister in the face of the whole congregation, while the fathers alone stood up and promised what they would do for the children Heaven had sent them. They looked upon the little English chapel, with ita painted windows and rich ornamentation-its pretty organ and carefully-prepared ^service, which had sprung up with the growth of* the English branch of the family-as an introduction of the 8carlet Woman of Babylon into their midst. It was Harry's doing ; the nearest English Church was several miles away, and the " lew sheep in the wilderness,'' who loved to " Bend where England's annum» swell, And hear Old England'a prayer»." had no better place of worship than a ruda building which had once been a granary. Too poor to have a proper church, they had been content to have the service performed by a minister whose pay waa very little more than the love and sympathy of his flock, and to wait patiently for the better days which the advent of the new heir brought with it. Thus an , old disused place, once the parish church, but long since superseded by a larger and more barn-like structure, blossomed out, under Harry's superin- tendence, into the prettiest and cosiest little church . that ever resounded to the chanting of the " brave Liturgie words" of our Church's ritual. The people rather liked to come and see the cere- monious worship of the English Charon, though they! -, went home and bemoaned the " heathenish ways'* afterwards ; and the little church had been crammed to overflowing when the new heir to the old house was made a little Christian of. A pretty window, ' " in memoriam" of the two dead sons of the house, had been shown for the first time on that day ; and the likeness of the two fair-haired sons of Mr. Graeme had been introduced into the picture of the " Calling of the Sons of Zebedee" with consummate Bkill. The quiet, reserved-looking face of Allen, and the more boyish and eager features of the frankar-natured Cecil, looked down upon Mary Ferguson in her lonely pew, and seemed to thank her for her grace- ful act in thus keeping their memory green. This had been her addition to the new church, and ehe' could look at the face once so dear now without tears blinding her, or her heart giving great jerking throb« < that well-nigh choked her. ' The soft sunlight shone right through the window with its rich oolouring, and lit up the group round the font with strange bright bues. A brenzed, dark-eyed soldier, fresh from America, was among the christening party. An old friend of Mr. Duncan Giseme's, he had accepted with alacrity an invitation from Harry to see the family home from which his old schoolmate had beer/ exiled so long. Since their early friendehip he'had been almost all over the world and had but recently been stationed in Canada with his regiment. At the conclusion of the war he had been to the States ; and had come home, as Mona declared, full of news. The request to be sponser to his old friend's grand eon had gratified him very much, and it waa with a feeling of pride, mingled with pain, that he took the little creature in his arms to give him his name« He had been both husband and father himself, but death had stepped in to claim both wife and child, and he had never renewed the ties bo rudely broken. From the baby face in his arms he looked up, un- thinkingly, to the window, from whence came the brilliant colours that clothed the infant with prisma- tic glories. With a start and a sudden exclamation, he very nearly let the little one fall ; and when the clergyman demanded, "Name this child," he had quite forgotten what names he was expected to be- stow upon his little burden. Harry came to the rescue, and Mr. Aylmer had re- covered his self-possession before the loss of it had been noticed by any beyond the circle immediately round the font. He apologised briefly when they returned to the house. " I had forgotten the name," be said, " and the fact confused me. I hope Mr. Graeme will pardon me. I have never taken such an office on myself before." " Oh, certainly," Mona said, laughingly. " It was Harry's fault ; ne ought to have written it dowe. But what mad» you forget it, Mr. Aylmer P You seemed as if something had startled you all at once. " So it did ; it was that window. I happened to look up, and I saw-" " What ?" "A ghost, I think." "Mysterious!" said Mr. Graeme, sen. "Whose ghost was with us unawares P" " Oh, it was the ' counterfeit presentment' of some one I know. That window holds your eons' por- traits, does it not, Mr. G reme f" " Yes, poor lads ! the old gentleman replied. He could think and speak of his dead boys much more resignedly amid all the comforts and luxuries of his new life than he could in his exile at Havre. Harry was like a son to him now in duty and affection, and he was an old man and needed such minister- ing. "Yes, there they are," he went on-"'Zebedee'« two sons.' It was poor Mary Ferguson's gift, that window, and her taste, too. She's a good oreature, and she Baid, when she chose the subject, that my boys were called as they ware called because their Master wanted them." " It is a beautiful idea-graceful and good, like herself. Pardon me if I speak longer on a painful : subject, Mr. Greeme; but the kneeling flgiire-'-'lñe'' one looking so haughtily at the father he is leaving -is that your eldeet eonP" l 2 n ' " No, the youngest-Cecil." . 7 " And he is dead ?" "Yes." " It is very strange ; that figure, in face, expres- sion, attitude, everything, is a speakin'g'likenèês SI" a person I know in America." ' " Strange 1 Cecil had by no mean*, a common face" " Peculiarly uncommon, if that is a likeness.* " It is ; the best I have ever seen." " And it is the image of the person I apeak of, even to the way the hair ia tossed off the forehead. The only difference is that the person I speak of baa dark hair. Your eon's was fair, if that is a- correct likeness." ' ' ' " ' Threads of living gold,' his mother used to say," the old gentleman replied. " All true Graemes are fair-haired, Mr. Aylmer. Who is it my poor boy is so like P" "The American general, whose name ia in every- body's mouth just now-General West/ . " The general ?" " The very same." " I thought he was an old man," Mona said. " What queer ideas we take into our heads, to be sure. I have pictured the hero of all these battle« as an old man, with short, stubbly gray hair, a face like the carved head of a walkiBg- etick, and a vek» like a lion's roar." " You never were more mistaken in your life," Mr. Aylmer replied. " When I looked up at that window this morning, it seemed as if West stood before me. He is young, handsome, andpleaaant voiced-of .exceeding sweetness of manner, and a sad smile that always seems to me to speak of some hid- den trouble." "Quite romantic, upon my word," Mona said, smiling. " A very pretty man, I should think, and not much like a soldier." " On the contrary, very like a soldier-so like that I cannot believe that this war has been his only ex- perience of actual service. I think he must have smelt powder before he went to vegetate in a mer- chant's office. He doesn't look the sort of man to make a good clerk." " Was that what he was ?" " So I hear." " 1 should like to see him." " I can show you his photograph, Mrs. Gfrssme. They are not easy to get, for he has always expressed great aversion to sit for bis portrait The light hat been bad, but this is a faithful likeness." He produced a carte from bia pocket-book as be spoke, and put it into her band. As sha looked at it ber face turned white to the very lips. 1 " Dont let papa see it," she said, hurriedly. "It 1 m Cecil or his spirit I What can it mean ?" " Nonsense, Mona," her husband said. " You are always fancying things. You fancied you eaw poor Cecil on our wedding-day, you know." " Sometimes I think that waa no fancy, dear," aha saidi quietly--''that what I did see waa my brother's spirit. Don't laugh atme, Mr, Aylmer, please; it' was an awful reality to me." " A reality, but not an awful one," her husband said. " What do you think my wife's vision turned out to be, Mr. Aylmer?" " I haven't the least idea. The fall of a curtain, or the twist of a Bhadow, perhaps ; such thing« take very tangible form sometimes. "No, it was a man-an American-somebody's clerk, who bad come in from curiosity to «ee an english wedding. I suspect myself, from what the bieadle told me, that he was smitten with Mona's blue eyes and yellow nair, and had haunted the ¿burch f°r the sake of feasting b)9 eyes on her reful- gent beauty." " What nonsense you talk, Harry,'' Mona inter» poBed. " I don't believe he found out the right man, at all, Mr. Aylmer. It's my firm belief that be in' vented this Mr. Arthur Mostyn, the clerk, just to quiet me." " I beg your pardon-ioho F " Arthur Mostyn-that was the name of the per- son, at least Harry said so, whom I had seen in the church-secretary or clerk to some rich American who was ' doing* England in a tour." " And you saw him f " Carry says I did. Ce íb my authority, at least his father is." " Of course you saw him, Mona," «aid Harry, rather testily. " Do talk of something else. It isn't infereeting, I'm sure." " It's very strange " "How?" " You are sure of the name-Arthur Mostyn ?" " Quite , clerk or factotum, or something of that sort, to a Mr Johnston " " Then the likeness which Btruck me has come home to you? If Mrs Graeme saw Arthur Mostyn, she saw General West " " Are they the same ?" " Identical Mostyn dropped his name when he went into the army, and did his best to get killed, according to the gossips, but the bullets went past him, and sword euts glanced off him and he's come through all the war safe and sound The resemblance to your brother's portrait is most stnking I never saw anything like it" " Is he an American p" " I believe so, he passes for one, at any rate The story goes that hu master the merchant, picked him up out of the streets, and took him in to find a real treasure They half worship him in America " The idea of Cecil Graeme being alive and in the flesh seemed to have taken a rooted hold of Mr Aylmer's mud, for presently, seeing Mr Gneme fast asleep in his chair, be returned to the subject " Your are sure of your brother's death ?" he asked Mona, "Quite" " The proofs were satisfactory ?" "They were incontestable his comrades, who saw him die, those who buried him, the official returns -nothing waa wanting Poor Cecil! it was a Bad ending to a very melancholy story Whenever I think of it, the world seems ail wrong somehow " Their guest had but a very garbled notion of what had befallen the two sons of the house, and Mona and her husband told it to him as tbey sat m the great bow window of the drawing-room, in the deepening twilight The sun had gone down behind the bills which overhung Glenbracken, and left long radiant streaks of glory athwart their tops It had been a lovely day-fit emblem of the fair young life they had taken into the ranks of the " church mili- tant on earth" in the full blaze of its noon Some howthe thought of that baby jarred upon Mr Aylmer as he listened to the sorrowful tale of bow another child, as fair and as fondly loved, had been ousted from bis inheritance " The heir!" he said to himself, " and by a freak of fortune the other is thrown out into the cold world to battle with fortune Who can say what hu fate will be ?" The rumble of a carnage, and the bustle of an arrival aroused them all from the strange tram of thought and conversation uto which tbey had drifted " Visitor» at thu hour !" Mona said, in surpnse, " Who oan it be ?" " We can't see any one now," her father said, peevishly, rousing from his nap with the conscious- ness that he was dishevelled and limp m hu appear- ance, and not fit for company-" say so, Mona." But Mona had no time , the door was flung wide open, and a servant, with a very pale face, an- nounced " Mr and Mrs. Cecil Graeme !" (To be continued) 