MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. The IVeshyan Chronicle gives the followinga3 the leading results of the Sydney conference :— 1\. The plan for annual and general conferences, ■which occupied so large an amount of time in its consideration last year, and which had to be submitted to the British conference for their approval, has now been finally adopted, and will come at once into force. No doubt we shall find some weak place or two in the practical ■working of the scheme ; but it will be easy to set these right as they occur. 2. Hitherto it has been the usage at the district meeting to elect the representative to the Stationing Committee by the vote of the Ministers only. In future this will not be so, but both ministers and lay men when present at the financial district meet ing will unite in voting ; so that the minister elected will be the representative, not of the ministers only, but of the circuits likewise. 3. It sometimes happened that circuit stewards have not been either leaders, or society or poor stewards, and in consequence have had no seat in a leaders' meeting. This has been felt to be an inconvenience. A law has now been passed making circuit stewards as such members of the leaders' meeting of the principal society in the circuit. 4. Another change has been made— trifling, perhaps, at first sight, but somewhat significant. It lias been the rule that no minister can return to a circuit to which he lias been appointed until eight years have expired. This not unfrequently has been a source of very considerable difficulty, and efforts have at different times been made to repeal the law, but without success. The conference has now de termined that the period of sis years shall be substituted for eight. A Ghost in a Station-house.—Few positions in life can be imagined more disagreeable than that of being imprisoned in a haunted cell in a police- station. The New Orleans Times tells a most unpleasant story of a ghost- infested cell in the Fourth Precinct police-station in that city. It appears that several years ago " a little old woman " committed suicide by hanging her- j aelf in this cell, and since that event, no fewer j than thirteen persons have attempted to destroy | themselves in a similar manner, four of these attempts being attended with fatal results. One of those lately cut down before life was extinct was a girl named Mary Taylor, who on recovering consciousness, declared that while lying on the floor of the cell she was aroused by a little old white woman, dressed in a faded calico dress, "with brown jeans and josey," no Btocking3, and down- trodden slippers, with a faded haadkerchief tied round her head. Her faded dress was bound with a sort of reddish brown tape, and her hand was long, faded, and wrinkled, while on the fourth finger of the left hand was a plain thin gold ring. "The little old woman,5' said the girl, " beckoned to me to get up, and impelled me by some mysterious powe r to tear my dress in stripes, place one end of a strip round my neck, and tie the other to the bars. I lifted my feet from the floor, and felL I thought I was choking, and thousand lights seemed to flash before my ewes, and I forgot all until I found myself in the room with the doctors and police bending over me. It was then I really comprehended what I had done, and was, I believe, under a kind of trance or in fluence at the time over which I had no control." Mary Taylor had never heard of the suicide of Ann Murphy, whose appearance, according to the police, exactly tallied with the description given by the girl. Others having complained in like manner of the ghostly occupant of the cell, the police, to test the real facts of the case, placed a night lodger who had just arrived in the city in this cheerful apartment. Being thoroughly tired and worn out, he fell asleep immediately, but shortly afterwards rushed into the office ini 'state of terrible alarm. He, too, had been visited by the little old woman, and wisely declined to sleep another hour in the station. The Church Shooting Case—Napoleon Franks, the man who fired a pistol in Chalmers' Church, on the night of Sunday, 2nd February, was tried before His Horn- Mr. Justice Dobson, in the Criminal Court, yesterday. In the infor mation there were three counts—the first charging the prisoner with having shot at his wife with intent to kill and murder her : the second, with having shot at some person not specified with intent to kill and murder ; and the third with having shot at his wife with intent to do her grievous bodily harm. Mr. J. R. Ball defended the prisoner. The evidence was just the same as that given at the police court. His Honor, in summing up, stated that the question for the jury to consider was whether the pistol went off by accident or design. If they were of opinion that it went off by accident they must acquit the prisoner. He told them to dismiss the second count in the information from their consideration, and then put to them the ques tion as to what the prisoner's intention was, commenting strongly on the existing unfriendly relations between him and his wife. After about ten minutes' consideration, the jury found the prisoner not guilty, and he was dis charged with a caution from his Honor not to carry firearms again. Franks promised to bear tke caution in mind.—Solart Town Mercury February 19th. Horrible, it True.—The following from the Brisbane Courier, if reliable discloses a shocking state of things :—" We have been informed on excellent authority of the death of a lady in Brisbane under most peculiar and painful cir cumstances ; peculiar, inasmuch as it was known to many persons in the neighbourhood that the unfortunate lady was the victim of intemper ance, and was being ' fed' almost entirely upon brandy by her husband. Her friends were powerless to prevent it; and although the inter ference of the police magistrate was solicited by the medical gentleman in attendance, there was no law to justify him in interfering in such a case without the consent of the husband. If the law were powerless during the lifetime of the victim, is it powerless now that she is dead ? We venture to express a hope that the police magistate will see it to be liia duty to make some inquiries ino this most extraordinary case. If there be no law to prevent husbands and wives from tacitly compassing the death of one another in the mode herein described, the sooner our legislators provide a law to meet such cases the better." A servant in Michigan, who stole 50 dols was not held for trial because she was " subject to fits when under excitement." Fits of abstrac tion ? The color of a certain clergyman's eyes has never been determined; when he prays he shuts his own, and when he preaches he shuts other people's. Man Overboard.—On a recent trip of one of the Illinois river packets—a light draught one, as there were only two feet deep of water in the channel—the passengers were startled by the cry of " Man Overboard" The steameer was stopped, and preparations were made to save him, when he was exclaiming, " Go ahead with your darned old steamboat! I'll walk behind you." 'A-transcendental preacher took for his text—" Feed my iambs." A plain farmer very quaintly remarked to him on coming out of the church. " A very good text, sir; but you should take care not to put the hay so high in the rack that the lambs can't reach it. V Madame R., who is still a coquette in her quite advanced maturity, went recently to a private evening party after eleven o'clock. " How late you are, my charmer said the mistress of the house to her, reprovingly.—" I am quite ashamed," answered Madame R. ; " but my maid is so very slow; she takes more than an hour and a half to do my hair."— " Fortunately," observed one of her friends, " you are not obliged to stay at home while she is doing it." j 