CONCERT OF THE MINSTRELS OF THE WEST. Was there ever such a dismal evening as that fixed by the Minstrels of die West to repeat their fourth concert? The weather throughout die afternoon had done its very worst to be hideous; it seemed impossible diat it could surpass itself, were it to try ever so hard, to be more wretched and miserable. It rained heavens' hard to begin with, and a cold biting easterly wind blew to render firings still more wretched. The night was dark as Erebus, and woe betided die pedestrians who had to wade die immense masses of mire which disgrace our metropolitan streets with feet shod in anything less than rhinocerous hides, or a pair of dugong top boots. There was, we warrant, a solemn consultation at many a tea-table: shall the girls go to die concert? The unani mous verdict of all concerned, including papa and mamma, was, No ! ' May die boys go?' Well, diat depends. At this moment die rain-storm abates a littie in intensity, and at die end of another five minutes, a solitary star peeps through die dismal clouds above, — an astronomical phenomenon which has a perceptible effect in cheering up all hearts. But never were encouraging prospects more signally blighted ; a few minutes only had elapsed when die lead-coloured sky again discharged its load. As might be ex pected, such weather kept many away from die concert; but 'music katli charms ' against which die most inclement weather has not die ghost of a chance in deterring our music-loving metro politan public from enjoying it. To us, the faithful clironiclers of passing events, knowing wenwhatapreternaturally sanguine dog our beloved public is, and. how he is not to ? be disappointed of his hebdomadal record of die world's doings; to us there was nothing for it, but to encase ourselves in dreadnought garments and face tlie storm. So, out into die pitiless rain we go. We pass over die perils by laud and the penis by water to be en countered in die metropolitan streets ou a dark and rainy n:ght. We will say nodiing of die anathemas we hurled at that mysterious personage known as die Clerk of the Weather, nor shall it be recorded here how heartily and sincerely we wLslied die exigencies of the press might bed dash d. Suffice it to say that we arrived at the Hall in something b'ke diat amiable frame of mind which Saul of old, king and prophet that lie was, must have cs pericuced when the sweet minstrel of Israel was summoned to play in Ids presence; and die effect of 'liossini's delicious music as rendered by die Min strels of the West on Wednesday night produced a somewhat analogous effect upou us to that which die minstrelsy of the Hebrew melodist produced on the troubled spirit of die king. Before die overture to Tancredi was played through we had recovered our lost temper, mag nanimously forgiven die Clerk of die Weather and die City Council, and were in die best possible of humours for listening to the piece de r&sistance; of die con cert, the fantasia played on the pianoforte by his lordship Bishop Salvado — truly a masterpiece of instrumental art. Much had been said by those who had had die pleasure of listening to Bishop Salrado's playing of Ids lordship's wonderful execution, range of power, aud versatility, and much was therefore expected from 1dm. The result went to show diat die laudations which have been passed upon him as a musician inadequately express his merits. The pieces selected for die occasion and included in a grand fkntasia were performed from memory, and wonderful was the accuracy displayed. The fantasia, which was listened to for fifteen or twenty minutes with an earnest attention diat could only arise from a real love of harmony in its purest aspect, required a good deal of cross-handed manipulation ; and die way in which his lordship's digits chased each other down the key board, and, as diey chased, drew forth a flood of melody, now grave, now gay, now lively, now severe, was astonish ing. Not a note was slurred, but each came fall and clear. Astouislung was die manipulation with which the allegro passages were executed, aud die audience hung breathless upou the andante move ments, in which the performer's fingers, seeming scarcely to touch die keys, pro duced tones of exquisite softness and dirilling melody, while die forte passages gave proof of his power. In short, we have never heard finer amateur playing; and the audience, from the vehemence of their applause, seemed to he of a similar opinion. Let us, also, honestly compliment Miss L. Cowan upon her admirable rendering of Le lioss'ujuol — another new feature iu the programme. It is a difficult piece to play well, and taxes in no small measure the skill of die performer, but die accomplished exocutante rendered it so faultlessly tliat she loft hardly a loophole for the most fastidious critic to creep through. The only alteration in the pro gramme already reviewed, in addition to the two items above alluded to, were the simple but beautiful melody entitled *? Where is my boy to-night ? ' — sung by Mr. Tiinperley with that purity, natural ness, aud clionniiig simplicity of style wldeli are among die greatest beauties of vocal music ; and the familiar song ' Foot prints on the snow/' capitallrrendored by Mr. John Halliday, and warmly ap plauded. On the whole die concert of Wednesday must, from a musical point of view, be pronounced one of the best ever given by die Minstrels ; and tiiey ought to take it as a great honour that so many persons braved the fury of the elements, and ran the risk of catching influenza, to avail themselves of au opportunity of listening to diem. New Locomotive. — An additional locomotive for the Jairahdale Timber Company is now in course of construction at Ballarat, and will be shipped to Fro uiantlc shortly. 