SOANDAL. f(oi& the Australasian,) S:THE fasoinations that enthral tie priests and the priestesses of soandajl oonnot but hl strong and deep.seated--strong from their manifest and porsistent vitality, and doop seated from tho diflicultios oxperienoed by moat men in their analysis. The curious avidity with which a rumour of aught that tends to dognado the position or to sully the roputation of meon hitherto revered is rap. turously wolcomod, tenderly nursed, oeal ously guarded, and strenuously upheld, must surely opring from some sources in our naturo, doop, primordial, and inscrutable. fSomo urgeo that anile saw, the fugta vaout. Scandal, cay they, dwells and flourishes in potty provincial towns and narrow oircles, among the unontorpriiing, the unwoddod, and the ohildloce. Thero envy, guarded by decorum and chocked by cunning and selfish inose, loarla from them that there is no real cause for offlnoo nor pretext for hostility, but como dangers in being proved to bo gratuitously in the wrong. Envy eooeks ro iof from the founts of scandal to ,foster the poieons diotillod by the more rookleso malignity of others. Envy, that unclean spirit, rushes in when cold exporience has expelled the follies and tamed down the im pulses of youth; the " houso" s'io finds " swept and garnished." Now the pulses are oven, the tongue filed, the lips well drilled to smile tho lio they dare not utter, ambition is queonochod, emulation is palsiod. Envy rushes in. And with her several follow unclean spirits, worse oven (if possible) than horself: cold ecandal fosters cruel suspi cions, unskilled reproaches, crude surmises; their scorpion tongues sting to death the very life of life, and honour, virtue, nobility, oven love himseolf, pale, fade, and wither boe fore their poisonous breaths. (S00 Luke xi., 21.5.6.) Botter interprotation of the parable I know not, though, oven with such power ful aid, I prosumo not to be able to exhaust the theme. The willing recipiont of scandal mus poesoss a vacant mind and a barren. No merely vacant of ideas at the time, bu organically dostitute of all our noble springs of thought and of action. To an antive mind, over on the rebound, how poor, haoe woak an impediment is any mnisgivici arising merely from the past i Such I minei over judges by what is at present soon and known. Napoleon marked Junot for pro. motion on the day he saw that the young conscript could une his pen at command foi diotation, with a drum for a dock, and coolly joke when a shell scattered earth over hit page, "I shall not want for sand." Junot migllt have ohad fifty esonpades, or dueola nay, oven (0 shocking) as many aleours, madam, si you ploasneo-but Nlapolon judged by what ho saw and hoard thon and there. The Duo d'Abrantos in after-lifeo' rolatod to his son, with pardonable complaeoncy, this protoplasm of the honours and wealth he thoun enjoyed. The large bustling city is over crushing down scandal and scandal mongers ; thore the merits, the powers, and the oxoollencos that we seoo ride over all the gossiprios that we hear, and the moetropoli tan visitor to Little Poddlington flutters overy tea-tablo by his recitals of tho successes and the growing influence of one known formerly to his hearers but as a pickle and a seamp, and whose whimsical freoaks have stagnated in the slimy pools of their memoriss, though long since obliterated from that of the public and his own. " Ah ! poor follow! And is he roeally now doing well ?" " Yeos, madam; ho is making - a yoear, is well married, and spoken ofas the future," &o.; " Ahl I In-dood ! Well! I am sure I am glad he has reformed (sigh). I am the last person, goodness knows, to make mischief. But if asked, you know, it will be my duty, however unpleasant," &.--(l.D acoe.) Yet, since the early soandal, how many have boon born and how many have died, how many have boon married, have toiled and prospored, how many fortunes have boon gained and lost? Still the early frolio is sterootyped, and the inexorable priestesseos of the temple of scandal cannot or will not be lieve in the changes wrought by the hand of time. A shrowd observer onoo boldly assorted to me and to others that every living man carrios about with him his own spoeial Oain brand-his ruling passion, lurking propon sitios-nay, his own biography from school days up.to the present momont-stamped on his features, gait, and gestures. Without following my eooontrio friend too closely, I venture to express surprise that so many should in this respoot only (despite Horace and soioence) prefer the ear to the eye, the ear of another to the eye- testimony that is so thoroughly their own. Why, if my eye tells me the man has a clear English com plexion, should my mind be perturbed by the scandal I hhvo heard that he has the tints of an American ? Why, when my eye boars witness to his agility and endur ance, does my mind misgive mo because there exists a scandal that he is hopelessly palsied? Why cannot my own senses do.e oide on cleanliness and on serenity, and their verdict be absolute, without appeal to Mrs. Grundy? There is something in this that demands analysis. The evil is too common to be ignored. Paradoxical in theory as it must appear to our readers, it assorts its power in the practice of their lives, despite reason. " So wise, kind, temperate, and industrious as you are,. why are you thought by so many strangers to be the reverse of all four attributes?" Tho reason is that we fool our self-love wounded, our vanity mortified, when one whom we have chosen to honour is dis paraged even by the ignorant. He may despieeit, but we cannot. Our judgment is impugned, our rights withhold. I say our rights, for we are eager to claim the mood of a prior discovery whenever the merits of our idol shall be admitted. When he is " the fashion," any and everyone can laud, but "we woere the very first of all." Now, when, instead of this, the public say the direct contrary, we 'are personally vexed as well as indignant. We then turn round upon our poor idol, and blame him, For surely, if those qualities which we so admire had been placed properly before others, they would appreciate oven as we do; therefore, you must have beouon remiss. The scandal is a galling insult, it contradicts us, it must have some foundation, for who would dare to contradict eye-testimony so recurrent and so commanding, Thue the very audacity of the paradox secures to it a too favourable hearing. Scandal is often nourished and preserved by the reasoning that confutes it. For the argument that combats also rooognisos the statements it rooitoes, and' many will think that some truth must lurk in the composi tion of that which can endure so long the denunciations of friendship and the reason ings of logic, and which require so many words to prove it false. It has boon said, " give to a lie but half a day's start and who shall overtake and capture it ?" How many believe to this hour that Oharloes Phillips, the barrister, called God to witness that his client, Oourvoisier, was innocent of the murder of Lord WV. Russell. Yeot, twenty years have elapsed since it was publicly proved in the columns of the Times, by the testimony of several barristers sitting attentively near Phillips at the time, and during the lifetime of 4-.csswoll and Wonsloydalo, the two judges on the bench, that no such words wore uttered, that nothing similar-to them can be educed from the report of the defence, that no appeal or address to the Eternal was uttered, no positive assertion of the counsel's own belief was hinted at. It is an unpardonable broach of otiquotto in a counsel to do so, and the haughty Orosswell, or the minutely severe and moroilos Jae. Patrko would' havo boo down on Phillips like an avalancho had he dared to commit such a bdtiso; or had he directly accused any other person, which, of course, did not occur. In short tile whole story is demonstrated to be a pure fiction how, whence originating none can guess. It is the very absolutoness of scandal's falsehood that seems to constitute her strength. We ask, where could be the source of that which you prove to have no oxistonco ? I do not believe that the soandal against Phillips will over die. I once experienced an amusing proof of the tenacious vitality of a report. Riding home after a month's excursion up country, in one of the Australian colonies, I was met by half-a-dozeon ladies, who wheeled round to gaze with wonder. Reining in my horse I drew nigh, and was informed by them, with dilating eyes and glowing cheeks, that I had been pierooed through back and heart by the glass spears of the aborigines, and that one of these weapons, entering through. the eye, had penetrated to the brain, after which knives were used, &c.; I alighted, walked a few yards, assured them that tIhe blacks and myself were very good friends, that I had never been dead, never even boon wounded, and was thoun and there ready to stand any test that I was no ghost; and, in short, that the whole was a myth. The party walked on. I remounted. One tall, grim, bony old priestess lingered behind. Her uncompromising aspooet said plainly "I am not to be deceived by plausible appearances." " Well," said she, aloud " well, after so much, I am glad you are recovered! " She would sooner die than surrender. can any phenomenon be citoe that is more recurring than the growth of a child to mien hood ? Yet daily we express surprise at Totn's stature and muscles (Tom whom yesterday we saw in knickerbockers), as though the growth were exceptional and unprecedented. So the malignity and conceit of too many natures fixes down the scandal too easily credited at first, and ignores the flowing river of time, on whose wavelets borne onwards through increasing civilization, the man may have lived it down. " I was once a tailor-I am not one now. I was once a baby-not one now. Was once such and such-am not now." Did I name the son of enterprise whose repartee I am quoting the reader might smile, but I prize the appositeness rather than the authority of one who proved himself in some respeets wiser (though, perhaps, less lucky) thau many of the undetected who thank God they are not such as he. Fas esee et ab hoste doceri. Let us seize a truth whore'er it is found. hIow curiously puzzling were the question, could it ever arise in our courts of law, in some libel case, when does the " was once " end; and when does " is now" begin? Ought not the statute of limitations to run ? Given that a person of whom you know a bygone scandal is discovered by you to be living in poverty, industry, respect, earning trust and keeping it, is it not a villanous thing to blurt out your knowledge and destroy his opening prospects ? Is it not a base hypocrisy to do this under the mask of " duty " and " conscience ? " Is reform as impossible as early growth? I say, out upon this vile despotic stereotyping, this fossilising system. For everything whatso ever that possess any value at all, does so by virtue of that which it shadows forth or leads to in the future. Thus the germ is excellent, because of its hoped-for develop mont; the child is father of the man, &o.; So the whole rebuke should be awakening; the punishment remedial, the exposure a spur to retrievement. Let the .".was once" have its mortal career, then let it 'die and be for over buried; let the "is now " arise if it can; and, if strong enough, let it have fair play to live, to grow, and to prosper. Scandal is superfluous, for we can see and judge for ourselves; the qualities of all things "are known by their effects, and all those effects are subject matter of our com mon daily experience." So writes the shrewd Yorkshiroman Paley. " This judging by the eye makes women (when unwarped by scandal) better discerners of oharacter than men. Indeed, I often suspect that in the scandals of the tea-table there lurks in the breasts of the priestesses more of mischobief than of credulity. A judgment formed by your own eye is absolute and satisfying-it fills and contents the mind all that is now needed is a wlise discretion, never to confound the subjective with the objective. But the daughter of soandal is bound to be a tattler; constitutionally rickety, she exacts the deceptive support of numbers. Taken singly, you will always find each and every scandaliser to back out with an emphatic denial that "I never said or thought anything of the sort," &o.; After all, scandal is less baneful to a man when he is its object than when he un wittingly finds himself its recipient. The first you can make false by a prompt reform, and true or false you can live it down. Fresh eyes daily replace the old among your judges. But the second is a real embarrassment. A scandal concerning one whom you esteem rankles in the mind, and, vexing you because it insults your own judgment, connects its objects with painful associations and harass ing suspense. Shun the scandal- monger, for you can got from him nothing save annoyance, and live among men of intellect and enterprise; sooeek out all forms of active civilization, and train yourself in the habit and discipline of self-relying observation, and of abiding faith in Nature. The eye of the singlo-minded, like that of childhood, often roads tihe soul beneath every mask, and the more independent of scandal, of gossip, and of rumour, we keep our braits and perceptions the more clear, prooise, and trustworthy will be our discernment, our information, and our convictions. 