avoirs OF THE DAY. Tlio Ministers now enjoying their holidays will soon, be at work in their offices again. The. Chief Secretary is expected to be in M eibournc about the end ot the week, and the Treasurer will not be far behind Mr. Francis. The lion, the Minister of Lands will soon finish his New Zealand trip. When the Ministers are all settled down again in their departments, they will be busily engaged in preparing for the rc- asseinbling of Parliament. Information was given to us last night that the conference at Sydney had during yesterday considered the construction of new telegraph lines, including the laying of a cable between New Zealand and Australia, and a reduction in the charges for' interco lonial telegraph messages. The delegates also considered certain proposals for the ex tradition ;if criminals. The campaign in the Grenville electorate has now fairly commenced. On Saturday night Mr. Montgomery addressed the elec tors at Lintons, and Mr. Turner at Carnghnm. The light will really be between these , two. Mr. Mark Mi Pope lias not the ghost of a chance of success, and Mr. Lnlor is not likely to make any running equal to that of either Mr. Montgomery or Mr. Turner. At pre sent Mr. Montgomery appears to have the best of the show ; Mr. Turner's identifica tion with the Duffy pnrEy has not much benefited liirn. It is well'known that had Mr. Duffy obtained a dissolution from Vis count Canterbury when the want of con fidence motion was carried in the Assembly, Mr. Turner was to have been one of the minis terial candidates for Grenville. Still this gentleman will prove a pretty stiff antago nist in the field, and will run his competitors it is thought very close. The Courier writes : — " Mr. Montgomery is the Government candidate, and Mr. Turner stands in the interest of the temperance and religions bodies. It is saidtliatthe Murhpy and Itussell party will not vote for any of the jiresent candidates, but arc on the look-out for a man more after their own heart." The working of the professional branches of the Land office immediately under the Surveyor- General will form the sub ject of an inquiry by Mr. David Blair, who lias- been directed by the Minister to visit the various offices throughout the colony with a view of pointing out what im provements nan be made, anil what facilities can bo atfordcd'lioenseea and selectors for the despatch of their business. On Saturday Mr. Blair commenced his investigation at the Land office in Melbourne. An inquiry will be held into the collision reported to have taken place on the North eastern line near Brondford 011 Saturday, last, in order to ascertain whether the fault of mismanagement rests with the Seymour or Brondford officials. A Government Ga-c/te extraordinary issued last night announces that the Governor-in- Council has released the sale yards and pre mises of Messrs. Strcttlc and Co., Bourkc- street, from the quarantine restrictions under which they were placed by tho opera tion of the Diseases in Stock Act. Tho usunl quarterly meeting of the City Council, hold yesterday afternoon, at tho Town Hall, was not marked by any incident of more than ordinary interest, the object of aldermen and councillors alike apparently being to clear tlio notice paper as quickly as possible, so that subsequent recreation might not be unduly curtailed. The motion for the adoption of the public works commit tee's report, recommending that the lessee of the Sydney-road toll-gate be repaid £100 as compensation for loss sustained by him in consequence of the opening of the North eastern Railway, was negatived, on the ground that when. Mr. Atkinson accepted the lease he was aware that tho line would be opened before its expiry. The use of the Town Hall and organ was granted to the Philharmonic Society on the following nights during the current year Faster Monday, 14th April ; Tuesday, 1st duly ; Tuesday, 9th September; Tuesday, 2nd De cember"; Christinas Day, _25th December. The debate upon the consideration of the hackney carriage committee's report re, the number of passengers to be carried in cabs was adjourned before any decision was ar rived at, there being an evident disinclina tion on the part of the council to tackle the subject. The adoptif/h of a valedictory ad dress to his Kxcellcncy the Governor termi nated the business proceedings, after which an adjournment was made to the luncheon- room, where the usnal quarterly reunion of municipal functionaries and their friends, on this occasion including several members of the Ministry and other prominent citizens, took place, and a pleasant hour or two was jiaftsed. 1 1 was thought that yesterday the banks would hnve come to an arrangement respect ing the dispute' now existing as to rates of discount and other bankiug details. The meeting, we are informed, proposed to be held .yesterday, will be held to-day, when the basis of a future union between the insti tutions will be discussed. This will be first arranged, and then the question of rates will be discussed. A meeting of the Roynl Commission ap pointed to inquire into the working of the Shires and Boroughs Statutes was held yes terday in the Town Hall. There were pre sent — Major W.C. Smith (chairman), Messrs. Wm. Clarke, Longmure, Bent, A. T. Clark, J. P. Patterson, and Stewart. Several wit nesses were examined, and amongst others Mr. Gilchrist, barrister, who appeared to represent the surveyors and engineers, certi ficated and uncertificated, and urged that gentlemen ten years in the employment of any public body in either of these capacities should be entitled to a certificate of compe tency, and placed on the same footing as those holding certificates. Evidence was also given by Mr. Francis, Mr. Smith, of Emerald-hill, Air. Tullctt, of St. Hilda council, Air. Nimino, Mr. G. F. Smith, of Willianistowii council, Mr. Craven, town clerk of Praluan, and Mr. John Lawrence, of the H«tham council, bearing upon the working of the statutes. The. commission purpose taking a flying tour through tho country districts. They left last night for G oolong, where they arc invited to breakfast this morning by tho mayor. From thence thoy proceed to Cainpcrdown, taking Ararat, Ballarat, .Sandhurst, Bcnalla, Wangaratta, and Bcccliworth in succession, finishing tho taking of evidence, it is believed, about the 22nd of the month. The travelling auditor of the Railway de partment, Air. G. W. Lilly, having reported what he deems to be certain irregularities on the part of Mr. C. T. Jones, railway book clerk at Castleinnine, the Government have decided to appoint a board to inquire into the matter, 'the board will consist of Mr. Templeton, P.A1., Mr. Gudemnn, of the Treasury department, and Mr. Jackson, o'f the Post-office, whose appointment will be confirmed at the Kxecutive Council meet ing to be held at Beleura to-day. The hoard will not commence its investigations until the return of Mr. Jackson from Sydney, where he is officiating as secretary to the Victorian delegates. It is said that the charge to be preferred against Mr. Jones is that of a deficiency existing in some tickets. The assistant commissioner of Crown Lauds, Mr. Clement Hodgkinson, met with an accident 011 Saturday whilo on a visit to Ferntree Gully. I11 climbing over the rocks Air. Hodgkinson fell, and received such in juries as prevent him using his arms, and will necessitate his absence from his office for some days. It is reported that Air. Tloiiieyer, the curator of the Government house reserve, by whose instructions certain trees in the reserve were lately cut down, as tboy were deemed to interfere with the improvements now being made, lias been suspended pending an inquiry into the matter. Owing to the delay that lias taken place in the construction of tlio bridge acvoss the Murray, tlio cost of erection will be higher than was anticipated. Tlio rise in the price of iron and other materials will make the expense of tlio structure now to be neater £40,000 than £32,000, which sum was atone time deemed sufficient. The site of the bridge will be tlie same .19 that fixed 011 in 1SG4, and when our Parliament meets it will bo asked to vote the half of the sum required, as the Victorian contribution to the work. Wo learn that Air. Gordon has recom mended that the top of the embankment at Stony Creek reservoir should be taken away. He advocates low but broad embank ments, deeming these to be more secure than any other kind. Tho acting city police magistrate, AD. Wyatt, does not appear to cultivate the good-will of the profession of which he is a member. Yesterday an application for a postponement to a later period of the day was made by Mr. Scott, the attorney iu the case of the engine-driver Gordon, on tlie ground that Mr. G. P. Smith, the barrister, was retained, but was unable to appear, being then engaged 111 an appeal before the court of General Sessions. Air. Wyatt made some objection to the postponement, and shortly afterwards Mr. G. P. Smith him self appeared, repeating what had been said by 'Air. Scott, and adding that he under stood Mr. Sutherland, from the Crown Law offices, on the other side, had 110 objection to a postponement. Air. Wyatt, however, said that lie did not think that in these matters the interests of the profession should be at all consulted, and that he should proceed, with the case at the time ap pointed. He then proceeded to give his reasons for this course, when Air. Smith inter jected that liedidnotwantalccture, butsimply to knowwhether his worship would accede" to what he thoughtwasa reasonable application, seeing that there was sufficient business to go 011 with in the interval, or not. Mr- Wyatt said that at the time fixed he should proceed with tho case. Mr. Smith then, as we understand, returned to the court of General Sessions and informed the chairman nucl the Crown prosecutor of the difficulty in which lie was placed, and they at once postponed his case until the following day. The case of Gordon then proceoded. There seemed to be a strong feeling amongst the profession at the . District Court regard ing Mr. Wyatt's proceedifig, which is not at all likely to be conducive to liis popularity. A deputation from Wallan Wallan, , ac companied by Air. Dobson, M.L.O., and Messrs. Ramsay and Lobb, AI.L.A's., waited oil the Commissioner of ltoads anil Bridges yesterday, representing that the road between tlie railway station and the township of Wallan Wallan was impassable. It was stated that the stun of £400 allocated for tho making of the road was insufficient fqr the purpose, and it was asked that an officer of the depart ment might'be sent to report upon the con dition of the road and tlie probable sum it would require to put it in thorough repair, It was contended that the money of the rate payers had to be expended iipon. various roads in tlie shire which were cut up by traffic from which the shire reaped no benefit, and from which the Government were the sole gainers.1 All. Gillies said lie would not be able to grant any sum of money this year further than the £400 already promised. He advised tlio shire council to do tlieir best to make the road complete, saying he would sco if next year he could supplement the amount already granted for the purpose. Before tlie regular business of the Insolvent Court was commenced yesterday, AD. Bra- bam, 011 behalf of Mr. J. Aarons, appeared before Judge Noel, and stated that the trustee in the estate of Oppenlibiiner had been served with a notice 011 tiie part of Adolplie Oppenheimer of a motion to expunge or re duce a proof of a certain creditor which had been admitted by tlie trustee. Air. Braliam also said that 011 inquiry of the oilicers of tlie court he had been informed tliat 110 such case was entered 011 the list for the day, and that nothing of the kind had been ap plied to bo sot down. Ho submitted that such notices might he served every day oil creditors or trustees' by insolvents, and- it would be a case of great kurdsliqj if people were brought to the court without being able to got costs from mi insolvent. Hq there fore asked liis Honor to consider if steps could not be taken to prevent the recurrence of such cases. Tho judge said he was of opinion that the notice was wholly irregular, 110 appointment having been taken out, but lie would look into- the matter and would mention it next day. In company with the commissioners and the engineer (Air. O. Longtree), Mr. Gordon, chief engineer of water supply, made an official inspection of the_ Clunes water supply storage works, on Friday last. The reservoir, which is now quite full, is prettily situated near the milage of Bullarook, about twenty miles from Clunes, and the same distance from Ballarat. The official re port will no doubt shortly he forthcoming ; meanwhile we understand that, as 011 the occasion of his previous visit, Mr. Gordon expressed himself as highly pleased with all parts of the works. The Clunes water com missioners and their engineer may be con gratulated on the fnct that no hitch of any sort lias occnrred in the construction of their works from beainninE to end. and that, in tho official language of AIr. Gordon, tho works are both well designed and well executed, and a good property. There should shortly be a considerable re duction in tlie price of coal 111 Alelbourne, as on Saturday and yesterday nearly 2500 tons arrived in the Bay. The .9. Hero is expected to arrive early this morning with a full cargo, and the strike now being at an end the licet of colliers tbat has been waiting so long 111 Newcastle may be expected to arrive at no distant date. Petitions were presented yesterday, by Mr. W. Clarke, Ai.L.A., to tlie Vice-President of the Board of Land and Works from tlie inhabitants of II appy Valley, Gren ville, asking that the Government would not lease township allotments of land 111 large blocks; also from the inhabitants of Bulldog, stating that the extension of the common recently obtained upon the represen tation of Mr. Lnidlaw, a squatter at Piggoreet Enst, was not required. A grant of six acres of land on the south side of tlie railway, and immediately oppo site the Alelbourne cricket ground, lias been made to the newly-formed Civil .Service Cricket Club. Letters have been received by the honorary secretary from tlie assistant- coinmissioncr of Crown Lands, 1 he uuder- treasnrcr, and the deputy post-master gene- ml, approving of the establishment of a civil service club, and stating their willingness to join it. On Wednesday a meeting of the members of the civil service will be held at tlie Alelbourne Atbenauim to arrange the means of continuing the club on a sound and lasting basis. The cargo of the barque Polonaise, which was wrecked recently at Kcppell Bay, was valued nt £00,000, and was insured in the following offices : — Southern office, £31,000 (£2(j,000 being reinsured) ; Sydney Alarine, £1775 ; Pacific, £1I4S ; National, £3000; New South Wales, £2000. Wc understand that yesterday, in 'St. Patrick's College, Count do Dvllon, in the presence of several distinguished gentlemen, presented, on behalf of tlie Ambulance Con,', liiittcc of Paris, which was established during tlio recent French war, a gold medal to the Rev. \\\ . Kelly, S.J., for distin- guished services rendered, particularly by his lecture at the Town Hall, Melbourne, on France under Louis the 14th. Father Kelly acknowledged in most touching terms his feelings of gratitude for the clasp of merit thus bestowed upon Dim. An interpleader summons heard yester- day morning before his Honor Mr. Justice Williams, at judges' chambers, of Moton Moss and others against Charles Harwood Willison, a contractor, presented the peculiarity of a wife claiming the household furniture as her separate property in the house where she and her husband reside. It appeared that when the sheriff's officer levied upon the defendant's furniture and effects, the furniture was claimed by Mrs. Willison, the benches and a dogcart by a Mr. Tunewell, and some timber by a Mr. Orleman. The claim of Tunewell was dis- allowed. Orleman did not appear to support his claim, and an issue was directed to the the right of Mrs. Willison the furniture. Mr. Godfrey, solicitor for Mr. Moton Moss, having complained of the delay in the officer in levying on the furniture, the sheriff was not allowed any costs. The Married Women's Property Act is relied on in sup- port of Mrs. Willison's claim, and it will be curious if a man can ostensibly occupy a fur- nished house, and be enabled to defy his creditors when sued for bis debts, by his wife claiming the furniture in his house. The intense and bitter hatred manifested by rival sections. of Chinese to each other sometimes borders on the ludicrous. Indeed, considering tlie animosity which marks their demeanor in court occasionally, it is sur- prising that no evil consequences arise ; a fact which speaks for their, being cither a very cowardly or very law-abiding people. At the General Sossians yesterday an amusing scene occurred between Fook Shing, the Chinese detective, andsomeof hiscomitrymeii implicated in carrying 011 lottery establish ments. A Chinese witness was called for the defence. He declined to be. examined in English, whereupon Mr. Finn, who appeared for the appellants, called Ah Coon to act as interpreter. TothisAIr. O'Loghlen objected, 011 the ground tbat Ah Coon had been cfln- victed of a disgraceful offence, and had put in bis time in prison. AIr. Finn, who ap- peared for the appellants, waxed very wroth at this statement, while the proffered iu- terprcter, who was about as hideous aspeci- men of his race as could be seen, protested also, and declared the Crown prosecutor to be "110 geiiTnian." Mr. Finn then called another Chinaman, hut he also appeared to be a soiled dove, and Mr. O'Loghlen objected. This bad anything but the effect of assuaging Air. Finn's ire, who stood upon his riglitto call whom be pleased. After a sensation scene on a small scale the Chinaniau was allowed to be sworn, while Fook Shing, the detective, undertook to ckeok the interpretation put upon the witness's statements. The result may be easily imagined. Fook Shing took exception to the second answer, and de- claral that it totally differed from what the witness liad said. The interpreter es sayed to mend matters by asking the witness if he did not say what had been stated. Fook Shing theh charged him with leading the witness. The interpreter, whose bona Jiden was thus impugned, became very in- dignant, and drew forth a large sheet of paper containing printed matter, which lie handed to the judge, and which was said to consist of a report of a trial in which he figured as tlie person principally interested, but inwhich virtue triumphed, and lie came out of the dock without a stain on his cha racter. "Air. O'Loghlen said "it was all right ; this Chinaman wanted to get Fook Shing's billet, but he wouldn't." His Honor appeared to enjoy the joke, and allowed it to expend itself before proceeding further with the case. The Sydney Morning Herald, 5th Febru ary, contains telegrams of tlie following fires . — " At Rockhauipton on Tuesday, the 4th inst.y a lire broke out at three o'clock in the morning ; Higson's produce store and Sliaw's sliipchunuler's establishment are burnt. A portion of Shaw's stock lias been saved. Both are partially insured. At Towns- ville, 011 the .same day, a fire took place in Thoder-street. It originated in Clayton's chemist . shop, through an explosion which set tlie premises and stock in flames. The estimated losses are Clayton, £700 ; Parker,: £100 ; Knapp, £120 ; Seal-ton, £50 ; Havrau (through destruction in removing jiroporty mostly), £200; real property, £10U0. Total loss, £2170. Three men were seriously in jured. An office boy anil an assistant, were badly hurt." , Tho first annual .meeting of the Second North Alelbourne Building and ' Investment Society was held last night, at the society's office, Collins-street west ; Mr. George Donald in the chnir. The first annual re port "and balance-sheet were presented, Which showed the gross assets at date otf balancing to be £4327 14s., mid the grosw liabilities £4031 19a. 4d., showing a b:, J lance of £295 14s..S(l. for the- year's profits/ which, divided amongst 11 39 J shares, gives a profit 011 each share of 5s. 2d., equal to eighteen per cent, 011 tlie invested capital. Messrs. Tlios. O'Grady (president), John Bavwise (treasurer), .1. Laurens, and J. G. Allbeury (members of committee), and IV. H. Tninham (steward), who retired by rota tion, wore re-elected. Air. Geo. Terry lias been the secretary since the decease of All. A. S. Nnsli. A special general meeting of the members of the Melbourne Atbeiueum was held last night in tlie old ball. Air. H. Biers, the president, was in the chnir. All. D. Ben jamin moved, and Air. Knox seconded, " That the subscription to the ladies' reading-room be 10s. pel annum." Considerable discus sion ensued upon this motion, and various attempts were made to vary tlie terms, but the chairman ruled that tho motion was in the exact terms used by those members who signed the requisition, and which had been advortised, and tbat it could not be amended, but only passed or negatived. The resolution was at length adopted by 14 votes to 3. It wiu further agreed unanimously, upon the motion of Judge Cope, "That the name of the institution be the Alelbourne Atbenteum instead of the Alelbourne Aleclianics' Insti tute and School of Arts." Tho pastorate of the United Alethodist Free' Church, George-street, Fitzroy, having been transferred on Sunday last from the Rev. J. Walker to the lfev. Richard Aliller, late of Ballarat, a meeting Was held last night to bid farewell to the former minister and welcome the latter. Tea was provided in the school-room, of which about 300 persons partook. At the public meeting which followed, Mr. Nankervis was in the chair, and stated the objects of the gathering. Mr. Carne read an address from tlie congregation to tlie late pastor) which he presented to AIr. Walker, accompanied by a purse of sovereigns. An earnest and feeling reply was made by the recipient. Mesdames Thomas and Wood then, 011 behalf of the ladies of the con gregation, presented Airs. Walker with an elegant timepiece, and a further presenta- tion of a work-box was made by the members of her class, and the gifts were suitably acknowledged. Addresses were then deli vered by the Revs. Robt. Hamilton and Jas. Rowe. The new minister was then wel comed to bis new sphere of labor by the Revs. J. Ross and S. U. Rotliwell, and Air. Aliller suitably responded to the expressions of goodwill and kindness tendered to him. . Air. Duncan Brown, senior, was acciden tally drowned 011 the 28th ult., whilst bath ing in a lagoon, close to his son's homestead, tho Quondong Vineyard, near Wahgunyah. The deceased was a very old colonist, having arrived with his family at Williamstown in 1839, and was well known to a largo number of old colonists in tlie western district, where lie resided previous to the gold dis covery.' He was a stonemason by tracje, and built the residences of Alessrs. Cnmmings, Austin, Neil Black, and other well-known squatters. A petition from tho inhabitants of Lin- ) tons was presented yesterday by Air. W. Clarke, AI.L.A., to tlie Chief .Secretary, re questing that a new post and telegraph office might be erected at Lintons, M tin- building rented for that purpose by tlie Go vernment contrasted unfavorably with the shire hall and other public buildings recently built by the sliire council. It was pro mised that the request should be considered. A petition was presented by tlie same gen tleman to the Attorney-General, asking that , 1 the senior constable at Searsdale might be appointed acting clerk of petty sessions for that district, An attempt was made at the District Court yesterday to put in force anactpMsed in the year 1G70, during the reign of Charles II., entitled "An Act for the Better Ob servation of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday," a young man named John Goggin being summoned, under the 1st sec tion, for that he did on the 2nd inst., being then above the age of fourteen years, exercise a worldly labor, to wit, posting bills, the tame not being a work of necessi ty or charily. Mr. Wyatt, I'.M., said lie believed the act was not incorporated with the colonial con stitution; if it were the compositors Working on the various newspapers might he sum moned for preparing the Monday's publica tions. Mr. 1'. Stephen, on behalf of the prosecution, withdrew the charge. Jtt the District Court yesterday, Clmrlcs tVriclit, of the Colosseum, Bourke-street, was"tined £5, with one guinea costs, for allowing liquor to be sold on his unlicensed premises. Isabella Luilwig, the keeper of a boarding-house in Little Ron rke-s tract, was similarly dealt frith for a like offence. A charge of a similnr nature against Thomas Phillips, tlio landlord of the Temperance Hotel, at 150 Queen-street, broke down in consequence of the unsatisfactory manner in which a common informer, named Lut- witch, gave his evidence. A petition signed by 100 of the in habitants of Durham Lead was presented yesterday by Mr. \V. Clarke, M.L.A., to the Mines i_! rtment, stating that a cabman had applied for certain land held" one Simon Jolifl'e as a mining claim., to prevent his getting the Crown grant, and asking the department to inquire into the merits of the case. The numerous friends of Mr. Peter Lalier- touclie, who recently met with a severe gun accident, and has since been confined in the Melbourne Hospital, will ho glad to learn that he is progressing favorably towards recovery. At the Geelong police court yesterday, dames Rogers, . otitis the Tinker, who had been previously remanded twice, was brought up for final examination. Mr. Pidiner con ducted the prosecution; Mr. M'Cormack appeared for the prisoner. Mrs. Farley, the jirqsccutrix; was the first witness called, but she broke down completely in giving her evidence in chief. - When Mr. Palmer asked her if she could swear to a certain hank note found on the prisoner, she said it had been iu her possession, but that her daughter might have given it in exchange with other moneys for n £5-note on the night of the robbery. This admission seemed to take Mr. Palmer by surprise. The bench asked Air. Palmer whether, after this evidence, ho was prepared to go on with the case. Mr. Palmer left it to the hcncli to decide. After a brief consultation the bench discharged the prisoner. In response to advertisement calling upon those interested in church .extension',' to moot in the lecture room of Trinity Church, Fitzroy-square, between twenty and thirty person's assembled yesterday evening. The Rev. H. M. Wollaston, incumbent of Trinity Church, occupied the chair, and explained that the object of those who called the meeting was to promote the building of a church in which the seats should be free and unappropriated. A site for the purpose had been obtained in Fife-street, Collingwood, and the undertaking had the approval of the Bishop. . After the meeting had been ad dressed by tlie.llevs. Messrs. Barlow and Handheld, and by Air. Afnrris, the Bishop's secretary, a resolution in favor of the pro posal was passed unanimously, and a com mittee to collect subscriptions was appointed. The proceedings then terminated. The notorious Emily Green was brought before the Geelong bench yesterday, when a certificate from Dr. AJnckin was read, to the effect tliat she had quite recovered, and was in a lit state of mind to be discharged. 'The mayor asked the woman if she would pro mise to leave the town. She replied hysteri cally that, she had no money, nnd began a rambling story of her having been robbed by somebody of 8s. Oil. She was, however, cut short in her discourse, and shown out of the court- house. . : The appeal case of Annie. Britten, sen tenced; to a. term of imprisonment by the city bench of magistrates for disorderly con- duet in the public streets, was expected to have come on' for hearing yesterday at the General Sessions. Air. G. 1\ Smith, who lmd been retained for the nppelhuit, was, however, obliged to attend to a easo at the police court, aiid with the consent of Air. O'Loglilen, his Honor adjourned the appeal until ten o'clock next morning. ' The Thistle Act, judging from the n'p- pcarnnce displayed on the grounds of some of the residents in Coburg and Brunswick, is quite a dead letter, several parties having allowed them to thrive to such an extent that their grounds are literally covered with tlieui, to the annoyance of their neighbors, who keep their ground clear from them, ami would he very glad to see some steps taken to compel others to destroy them also. Some misconception having arisen on the part of a portion of tlio public with regard to the arrest of the twelve men charged with the robbery at Airs. Farley's (Shamrock Hotel, Geelong), on the last night of the Geelong race meeting, it may be stated, in justice to the police, that every one of the number was not only a reputed thief and an associate of thieves, but also a convicted thief. Iton their being searched, their stnek- iii-trailetiitoDsisted of cards, dine,' counter feit coin,.»d imitation hank notes. They threw nxvuy a lot of ilico, w hich upon exami- nation were found to be ninde for tlio pur pose of cheating, some of the sets being all I s, 2's, anil 3's, and the others nil 4's, f>'s, andfi's. The police fully believed that the object of the visit of these twelve men to. Geelong was not for the pastime of racing, Lut for plunder. They were lint betting men, lior racing men, nor horsey mqn; tho races had concluded, nu extensive robbery lmd been committed by some one-sleeping in the hotel, so the police thought the surest method to get at tlio right mail was to arrest the whole lot on suspicion. They say, and there is much cogency in the remark, that if one had been .allowed' to go froe, the public would have said he had' gono away with the money. It is stated that luid the, police proceeded against them all tinder the Vagrant Act they would have obtained a conviction. . Norinnntoxvn at this time of the year must bo nnytliing but an agreeable 'place to live in, unless a person were amphibious. A telegram in the <S 'i/dney Morning Hf.ro Id states that " on last Wednesday night two houses were blown down, and some others were damaged. Over nine inches of rain fell yesterday. The country is Hooded for miles, and the water is still rising. Chinese garden, houses, and live stock have been swept away." The Victorian railway returns for the week ending Gtli February give .the follow ing account of the traffic : — Week's receipts, £13,340 0s. Gd. ; aggregate from Jsfc .Inly, 1872, £430,000 0s. 4d.; weekly average, £13,458 0 s. 2d. For the corresponding week in 1872, the week's receipts were £11,804 10s. 10d.; aggregate, £390,203 4s. 9d.; and weekly average, £12,470 l!ls. Od. At ' a meeting of tho committee of the Geelong Agricultural and . Horticultural Society, held yesterday, it was decided to hold the autumn show of fruit, (lowers, and grain, at the Alcehanics' Institute, Gee long, in place of the society's show ground, and a sub- conunittee was appointed to draw up the prize list. Yesterday being quarter day, the mayor of Geelong entertained the council and a large party of private friends iu the mayor's parlor. A call of the council has been made, when the rate for the ensuing year will he fixed at either Is. (id. or Is. 9d. in the pound, and the lighting rate at 3d. The icelong corporation have decided to enter into a contract with the Geelong Gas Company for the lighting of the public lamps at the rate of £0 per lamp per annum for the tei in of three years. This was estimated by Aid. Ducker to he equal to 15s. per thousand feet, as against 0s. paid by the corporation of Melbourne. The .Commis sioner of Public Works has informed the corporation that ten feet is the utmost that can he given for the widening of Itailway-terrace. The matter has been referred to the committee of public Works. In the present temper of the coun cil it is doubtful whether the ' contemplated improvements will be made, ten feet being considered insufficient for the purpose. On Thursday night a moonlight concert will he given in the Botanical Gardens iu aid of the bunding fund of the Hospital for Sick Children. The programme includes operatic selections from the works of Auber, Verdi, and Wagner, and dance Inusic by Giiugl and Strauss. The Melbourne Deutsche Lieder- tafel. xvill sing part songs by Alemlelssohn, Kueken, Kinkel, and Becker. The fir>. of Mrs. Gladstone's farewell appcaraucj rxt. the. Prince of Wales Theatre, prior to ittV;departure for England, took place last kvjlit, when the emotional play of Frou Frou was produced. The character of Gilberts, as portrayed by Mrs. Glad stone, is marked by effective light and shade. , As the light-hearted girl, Airs. Gladstone is perhaps a trifle too heavy, but as the woman of the world, the fugitjve wife, and the repentant mother, she acted with terrible reality. Miss J mm appeared in the part of Louise, which she played quietly and feelingly. The Henri de feartorvs of Air. Smart O'Brien.- was somewhat stilted, and. Mr, AI 'Go wan was 1 amusing as the Baron dc Camhri. Comte de Valrcas and l'apa Brigand were respectively played by Messrs. Huberts and Alilnc. Tho piece was well mounted, with that care as to detail which Mrs. Gladstone knows so well how to exercise. The transformation scene from Bluebeard brought the entertainment to a close. To-night Airs. Gladstone will appear as Queen Elizabeth iu the English version of tho Italian play of the saiue name. Owing to the southerly wind that was blow ing, and wliieh extinguished the illuminated crown, the outside of the Athcnieuin did not lnok so brilliant last night as it had done during the previous week ; hut inside a numerous and appreciative audience as sembled to hear the most interesting pro gramme, so far as amateurs of instrumental musieare concerned, thathas been presentenat these entertainments. In the first part Mr. .lohu Hill played a violin solo by Gounod, entitled Ave Alaria, based, we believe, on the first prelude of Sebastian Bach ; and the performance was remarkable for purity of tone and fulness of expression. At its con clusion Air. Hill was enthusiastically ap plauded. In addition to playing tho solo Air. Hill took part with Air. Scliott in two duets for the pianoforte, and two other ducts for violiu and pianoforte, all of which called forth general approbation. The vocal part of the programme was furnished by the vocalists who appeared on Saturday, and who were equally successful in pleasing the audience. 'J'he next concert will be given on Monday. Tho classical comedy of Pygmalion and Galatea was repeated at the 1 lieatre Royal lastnight, and was received withunmistakahle approbation by the audience. Miss Carey was particularly happy in her scene with Lencippe, in which she expresses horror at his taking the life of a living creature, anil also in the fefr-ff-frfcwitli Chrysos. rudely in terrupted by the advent of Daphne. Miss Shepparde's Cynisca wasnaturalandforcible, and Air. C'oppin, as the art patron, acted excellently. The other characters were quite at home in their parts. During the piece the applause was frequent. The farce of the Bilious Attack, ami the burlesque of the Bride of Abydos, supplemented the en- tertaiiuncnt. 