„.LIT£RATUR£. THE YOUNG BUSHBANGEB. " On business in the country, with leave of absence for a month.". I was, when this occurred, second clerk to the firm of J mthcrpe and Co., solicitors, Sydney; and tb& business which was taking me from home could not be done without a personal visit. Its . .1 . . l - il /I . s nature IB oi lituo consequence to cqir ower true tale.".,. Armidale was my destination, and a long wea'ri- ome rfde was before me. Bail communication was then unknown, in fact in those days the sole |Beans: of transit was by the mail, an open vehiole carrying a guard and eight passengers. .. A fine morning in summer, therefore, beheld me and six others boxed up in this unnatural eon- vjnrance. Wherethey were all bound for, Heaven knows ; for more than half-the journey was over ere the ioe of commonplaceness was- sufficiently "broken to permit tis to converse7 with, freedom of our plans and intentions. We had but one lady passenger, and for this, room being an object, we were tuankfnl. Had there been more, the journey would have been doubly unpleasant ; as the sex on this occasion rendered herself highly disagreeable and. annoying. Yet things went on very quietly till a wayside inn, hearing the somewhat appropriate sign of " The Traveller's Rest," was reached. " We ehange hocsfcs here !" said Jehu ; " any of you gents as likes can dine. Old Rooster alius has a good spread ready." The spread, as it was termed, was along time coming, but at length it appeared. The entrance - fee thereto was two-and-eix, payable in advance. Hot- boiled, hot-roast, hot-baked, and tewed ; ail steaming hot. DuriDgthe ride I had made friends with a tout jolly-lo9king individual, bound for the Rocky Rive r- t x " Come on," said he, dragging me to the table as soon as the fixings had been put on. - Paid , ain't yer ? Well, don't hesitate, but-set to at once ; -never mind knife or fork. Ham, did yon ay, or chicken ! Perhaps you'll try this roast, or a bir of this baked veal ; it looks good " u Coach is at the door," shouted the ostler, poking in his head. M Right ! All right 1" said I, with my month too full of ham, beef, and vegetables to articulate pWy?; -r " Out aad come again," interrupted the fat gent," don't be ashamed of jit. I ain't — pass the sauoe.! Hoy, you waiter, bring me a bottle of sherry quiok-r-r-" u Coach is waiting, sir !" said the waiter, enter- fog withthe wine. " Goaoh be ; don't you see we've only s\r - ? Who can eat in this hurry, eh, : '-me with your master, I > i: / tricks on travellers." interposed Jehu, looking you,' bat we're off." f eft the; room, followed by : fellows who had paid for d, turning to me, said — i-i't we — at once ! Well, as only fair I should get paid, nat ham. G-ot -he cloth — "" , I'll take this pork pie and y we are." i ru;hed from the room, and net as the guard's horn gave ing ; a moment more and we no late. ut we had, to be sure, in that .ijoyed the viands Providence aely provided as leisurely pro- sfe 'afforded for 'mastication and je is recommended to travellers, h&t; iine they travel. The art! of r "with landlords at wayside inns i learning, though it be from ja new ureptit Us all in a good humour, and »h "various subjects was introduced ; topies being horseracing and sheep- f had' some "horsey" anecdote to netalk<grew fast and furious, till the with rightdown fatigue. and<us tota -somewhat lonely part, on x steep road, crawling along over Range at snail's pace. Really it t£mH were going to have a break down sepia every now and then passed over itumra, p 3 ''Routed a roueh ice within mT" i" O a?lupi Majesty s Reyal Mail suddenly came to a ! d fc>P» and by stragglihg light ef its lampB ' - - rceived two men on horse baca. They ap- peared well armed, .arid repeatedly pointed their pistols at some oCou£ Hutnb?r, bb if to'enforce compliance with then? peremptory orders. ; " Here," said thf£,"all you feilowegct out at oooe, and march mto the bush. By -the mortial, if von don't wo'il soon lek xiavligttttlT?7!M5oTr":7r" j Comf£foJdd valuabWi" ' h - Sexto eht ? d by the unprotected female I | befbrtppbPlkQ, was in sterrioks ; convenient toino»Aodto, when a person is forced to use ' to«mo%Ai1ihm:)les:ed by the robbers, that I II : Ki. rr- is to s&y;, they did not order her out of thecoach after taking her goods and chattels: — ft fewings, two-sovereigns, and a locket with " dea"GorgoU" bair3n .it, were all the plunder obtained front her ; the rest of us had on our persons considerable sums, which fell into the hands oi .the busk "rangers."' AH parties having been searched, the mail-bags were cirt 'open and she letters abstracted., - Some of these were to ru up, in a vain endeavouir: to find cheques or money. All being at"h?ngth settled to the satisiac-tion of the robbers, they gave us a volley of corses and departed. It was my first " bailing- up," and is a : reminiscence that will not he . speedily for gotten. .All-, my cash, as well --as: - a gold watch, a present from my empley'er/VjBre taken. On the first appearance of %tbe bo?hrapgcrs 1" had . planted uiy money in - my boot, but the villains were far too knowing tor- use, and t was compelled to turn out ray treasurers or . receive a few ounces of lead. While searching, me, however, I had a iull view of tlie countenances of the robbers, and felt c-ert∈ of recognising them again if needed. One was quite a young man, beardless, and of- light complexion; he had. a somewhat cheerful countenance, which contrasted strangely with hi? mate's sombre visage— a visage whqe line.: men I s bprejhie Jstamp p£ c rime.!' . To tell -the truHylrfeiti. greatly -rplieyed yti ' they were gone, aniT'SO/dou btiesfl did the, qt the passehgersi, - " ) Preparations were insiautly made for resuming the journey, and .eredong We were jogging, along as if nothing had happened. Bailing -up; was so ordiniiry an occurrence, that everybody took -the matter in .good _pajrt,.aud tried to lorget their - losses. The circumstance Ivrir.g h'eeh repcrf ed to the police.at Murrurnncii, we had the satisfaction of seeing them depart in .search of the-offenders ; one of these they captured, but the young man, his mate, unluckily escaped. I reached- ATmtdale without further disaster ; transacted my business, and sent particulars oi my success to niy , ecu ploy ere. Quite a: pleasant time was that I spent in New England, and I kfr. it with feelings of regret. I had just the same journey to 'take as before, but, warned by past experieuce/ jtrovided nayseif with apiBtol, determined to resist any: marauder v hn might dare contest the right of way. . No such event, however, happened, and the f cene of bur former mishap was passed in daylight. I was the pnl passenger in the coach, and .to, the driver, a new ' personage, I recounted . full par ticulars ofisty adventure. On reaching Sydney; I was alarm ed To hea that the.firm-of D'tihorpe end Go. were in diffi 1 culties, and that they had been compelled., to' make reductions iu their "Rigiifl', their Tfeadrclekf (hadj been discharged, so tint i might not I expect? "Two days after my return, Mr. Duthorpe called me into his private room, End stated that the firm had no further need of my services. They couldn't help, you know,1- as matter looked so queer with them. ' What to try next, I hardly knew, for as to personal or family influeuce I possessed little i:i Sydney. Really I didn't know which way to turn, end-having nothing to do, "spent all, my money.,' ( ' -1-' At last I made up my mind; I was along while doing it, but eventually seeing no prospect of em ployment in 8ydrey, reeolved to cry the country. Not that J am much shook after the country, or that the buahj bjftd siiperltive charms for me. Ne-. cessity has no law, and if one place won't do, a! , fellow must try another. Again. Ibad a long journey, and this time tm foot. Tbq Lacblan is fully 260 mllet off, ; and that was toe first spot which offered any induce ment for my stay. Mr. M'liugLi, a gcutlemair cf the" old scliopl poeSessiiig manygood ualities and vices/ became my employer. He owned a station near Bland Plains. Havinga ybung and somewhat numerous fuihily, he desired ,tb procure a teacher for them auk although ! had never ( filled a similar posi tion, hef'WfB8 «o pleased with iny address t&id; quqlificatioukak to engage me for" the business of tuition. ' Among (hose employed by Mr. M'Kuigkt was Tom Hogan, a stockman. He was' a young man bi'f evideatly a priviieged i infiividual, whose right " to do as he plowed Vas not disputed. Did r®9pto asbeast hroughtiuHicS& ftbc i by Mb, ifit WBe-Tom'sdesh-o to perfbrm thfiTasik: ftt was lonfco j if 1 ndtj there vaM an tmd ol' i " to me, on hem- ,.rg a qwk asq self-willed. We neven—oppoee bim; he's V ' . ; . T, , r.-r - - - Tr i.O been with us, now on and off ten years, and a better lad l uever had till lately. Some time ago he went home to Bee his friends, at the Nepeau. They've a farm there ; the old man rents it from me, and a very worthy fellow he is too — quite a specimen of the honest- hearted Hibernian. Tom is their eldest son ; he's a native, and what's more, he's proud of it. I often chaff him about it, for he has large notions ' about his country,' as he calls this." There was something in this yduhg fellow- 1 did not like; sometimes it seemed to me as though we'd mei- bqlorsfe ; .where, I couldn't tell, yet toe more 1 thought of it the clearer it appeared that his voica aoddface were familiar. ..Ofteu and often when I hadtired for. the night past events and eireuma 'atices would come up it» memory ; events wheremdre might have figured : apdLill I was at fault. ..TvW'X ' . ' One/evening after the arrival ofkhe mail, I was sitting peruaing-au account of- the sticking-up" of thrqe tryeUer by a bu-hradger'sgjiug,! and re marked ikmceruing the ciruuma lance to Tom Hogan Jfanding him the pape containing, the exciting paragraph, he read it though, aq.d then said in a somewhat gleeful tone : " But' they've not taken the bushrangers 1" ; Suddenly, the information I so much de- ; sired, ffasbed -npon -are-; — Sf, Tunde rsfoqcl __it all -yrettv enotjgh ; > tbe ybung man bompanion of the robber, who had " stuck - up" the mtil on the occasion of my journey to Aj midale. I But I kept my comV for fear of offend ing my kind employer, and his loo confident- wife. It could make little difference to me a9 to the. character of one in whom they reposed euch trust News reached us daily of deeds done by bush ranger?', of homestead t piiiaged, travellers robbed, and mails detained. Proof, however, was want ing to conviot Hgau of any connection with these outrages ; and my bare word in a court of justice would avail but little against him. Suspicion, however, would not be lulled to rest, and I resolved to waich an individual so sus- pectecL T I believed that he frequently left the station to visit the outlaws ; and as these gentle men had' been seen in the vicinity, it was highly- probable he might communicate with them. On one occa uon, _ having risen -some what earlier than usual, I perceived him coming home, his horse jaded and covered with foam, as thylt had been ridden hard for some dis tance. "I've beeiT cattle- hunting, new chum," said he, in reply to my inquiries; "and had to push my 'critter for a couple of miles. The mob got clear off, but I'll ruu them iu some of these "days. My oat A! it takes us colonials to ride, schoolmaster." t - r x / T \- Station arrangements then were very different, - to what they generally are now. The house oc cupied by Mr. M'Knight was large and roomy ; in fact it contained ample accommodation under its roofs for us all. Tom slept iu what was called the " verandah-room," and could enter or leave it- just as he pleased. My apartment was well ventilated, and from the care bestowed on it, very comfortable. Adjoining it, with windows looking out on the plains, was a room used for holding lumber, and here my employer kept his wine.. On this> article he set great store, so much so that in order to have it perfectly cool in summer Time, he had a cellar made beneath for its reception. Of this place alone held the key, and only on high days and holidays was it openecUc. One night, about the time when ghosts are said appear, I was" roused from my slumber fey hearing noises in this chamber, and, rising from bedj crppt noiselessly to the entrance, and apply- Ang my eye to the keyhole, had a good look into \- the apartment. On the table a candle was burning, and two men -heated near it conversing; but as they spoke in whispers, not a word oould be over heard. One thiug, however, was certain, Tom Hogan _ was .there. Bis-matc was a tali, "dark- lopktogtfeljpwj wb«to dffapj(\ste4 appearanhc Jtticf', , Roguish expression betokened, nothing very- favourable. , Presently, Tom produced the key of the cellar, -e lid was liftcd, and T afehini dosdend, e videnlly -with the intention of stealing the wine. Handing upja couple of bottles to hu inate,- The iqllow placed them- in hie capaeieuS coat packets. ;rt' A by an I uae PPon, startled them, and the toll ,r vagabond looked about him with fen exDreasiou of fefp,- wlitoli Bpoke volumes. ® ore, nd they took their depar- window bJ "hich thej had .entered aficrdieg theto feasy egress. Tfce light Had been carefully extinguished the moment they were alarmed, the trap-door of the cellar locked, and all left, as before their visit. I returned to my bed, but not to sleep. All night long I lay awake thinking of the most favourable manner in which I miht reveal the circumstances to my employer. Probably, how ever, he would not credit my unsubstantiated state ment ; so that I deemed it best to keep strict watch over the much-trusted . Hogan till oppor tunity should offer of bringing the guilt home to him. That the man seen in his company was o: e of the bushrangers, said to be lurking in our vicinity, I had not ,the mast doubt ; still my to-'- confident master would r.ot have heard a single disparaging word uttered against his fsTOurht1. My night watches look piacr regularly for a week, but resulted in no: lung tangible. 1 ob served no more noeturual visit?, though I oad little d«ubt that the'wine was being abstracted from th6 cellar. One morning soon afterwards I was rueh sur-. prised to hear that Tcm was leaving the station for good. Proceeding to the front of the house, L saw him on horseback, booted and spurred, and having a large swag strapped on the -sad die. "I'm off," said he ; " good bye, schoolmaster. 8'pus« you didn't think I'ci be goi'ng so scon ?" " No, I really did not !" was my reply, " but wberqure you off to now?" "Oh, -home to my old people on the Nip-in ; they want me there to. look sf;er the tarui. Beeides, there's a gal in that quarter as I've been sticking up to These years. My word ! a fioe "titter," -toej sfee is ; so you see we're, going to be spliced right away." Touching the noble animal with the spur, he went <if iike the wind, and, ere long, was out of sight. "Too flash," said I, as I turned into the bouse for breakiast, "depend on it, that young chap is up to no good !" Therday after his departure, Mr. M'Knight, having sold a mob ot cat:le, left the station to go to Carcoar to receive ti;e money, intending, as he said, to return in a few days. The night we expected Mr. M'Rnight's return was dark and tempestuous, and he did not make his appearance, although Mrs. M. and myself waited up all night momentarily expecting him. Towards morning, above these wild strange wind-voices there came clearly defined the sound as of two shots fired in rapid succession. I heard them plainly, and waited to see if Mrs. M'Kuight would remark the circumstance. But as she aid uot, being unwilling to create unnecessary alarm, I said nothing, and waited anxiously for daybreak. The long night teranimted, after breakfast, with some juvenile members of the family, I went out a little way on tha road to see if papa was visible. The trial then prepared for us I shall never forget. There, lying on his face, just aB he had fallen among the brushwood near the road, was the dead body of my murdered master, and grazing by his side his fanhful steed. The body we allowed to remain where it lay until the police were brought next day, aud by them the remains of the faithful father and husband were brought to the station. It was clear he had been m ordered — shot by bushrangers ! It is perfectly needless to describe the feelings of that once happy family by this dreadful bereavement. I shall therefore pass over the funeral and other matters connected therewith, and relate events which took placs a month after wards. Mis. M'Knight resolved to leave the station at once, and to remove to town. There was conse quently no further need of my services as teacher. Bidding adieu to my kind mistress ard her amiable family, I set eut for Sydney on horseback, and with a cheque for a respectable sum in my pocket, I reached Fenrith safely.- Stopping at Emu Plains for refreshment, I was astonished to hear myself hailed by natne, and a moment1 after observed, coming : from a publrc- houee, my old companion, Tom Hegan. " You here ?" said I ; " why X thought you were up the country with bushrangers 1" - -i | "Bushrangers," he repltea ; "no fear of that, -"schoolmaster! I know nothing of thenu Didn't you eec mejeaya the station ? Weil, whatud I be ucMpg ijhout thfe neighbourhood afterT'd gone ' feway for good ?" ..... " Then I 'sposVyoh baven't keard of poor Mr. M'Knight's death?" said I: "it was a sad affair!" v . "Dead ! iaha really ?. By golly ! But Fm sorry, for he was a fight down good sort, and all the suit' to me. How did it happen ?" Tom listened attentively to the foil particulars, and on the completion of my story, said w Come cm, let's have a nobbier for old arquaintanoe, and then FU take you over toniy old people# plaoe; it's only a stone's throw H glad to you, r know Mr. M'Kuight will ver nn gb MB You see, eur oil man holds h, Thinking I might pos>ibl ' e perpetrator, of Mr. M'Knd?! ""'nlw convinced from the gM» > cerned m it either directly sefeted to go wito him to hi8 I found the o d man a ® warm-hearted Irishman he B u.o.1 rode but hcrtj hMpi„g««, M while we were cr>nveremg abon uOB d readful fate a w feffl caused the family to start from 2B wpnw. " dure, and what is it ?" B the opening 6f the door revmie??«\l constables without. l0«iiB " We've come," said "hey B Tom. He's charged with-— L_'f " Wid what, aid ve fiav B charged ? Be jabers, but me bot' >11 as a babe unborn." "fP' inter, opw 1 speaker. " VI e arrest your r Mr. M Knight!" mr « Mr.— llac-Kr.ight-" — to do the hkes ov that ! Jfuri i ' fl ahall aay he did ? Oh. WirrA-..'HB it .11 mane? B.„ ,on-re noTTi Tom; tell me, avic." ® uVi i " N o, father ! I'm not euiltv " ..;j i and Q were in il. bat not 3'' fa t. young man," interrupted it 1 ' "-member, that wh„f, 1 wul be used against you. X " Och ! r im. «vCr l ahuuld live Oh Tom, Tom! ' taii his father, aj weeping and expostulation on the I parents, they led Tom to prison. J Soon after, his trial took place B | pany with other witnesses, was exammi'B to the murder of Mr. M'Knight. jwf case was made out against the lftB eventually admitted his complicityfi rangers, and the receipt of part of thesS murder of his master, he, howerelB denied ; and doubtless, his assertion' ll though disbelieved by the jury, ge guilty, and sentenced to death, vhieh was, I afterwards learned, coaoated years' imprisonment. 8, '% The little episode I have related, briaat. to mind those words of ShakeroeueuV' plays many parts." During my life, J || have played have indeed bm vario«vfe strangest of all was the part I was eefeft play in connection with the youihfiil- t " HE TaLIi VAGABOND LOOKED ABOUT -31 M WITH AN EXPRESSION OP FEAR WHICH SPOKE VOLUMES,"? 