MISCELLANEOUS. TUB EMANCIPATION OF WOMEN.?-The Emperor of Germany lately granted an audience tq .Jenny , Husch and Anna Schepeler, two,'ladies interested in . the ; above object, and is reported to have been favourable to their wishes. Females, it is understood^ will shortly be eligible to act as olerka in the post and telegraph offices the empire. "VALUABLE RESIPEASE, IIY JOSH BILMNGS. -How TQ piCK OUT A WIFE.-Find a girl that .iz 19 years old last May, about the tight* bight;-with; a blue eye, flnd.dark brpwn hair and white teeth. .Xet tho girl be good tQ' look .at, not - too phond of musmk, A Ami disbeliever in,'ghosts, and one ov sjs children in the same family* Look- well tew the karakter ov her father; see that he is not themombe^oy enny klub','don't bet on ^Jekshune, arid gits shaved at least 3 times aHveek. Find out: all about her mother, see. it. she haz got a heap ov good common senBe, studdy well, her ljkqs arid dislikes, eat some ov heir hun\\-m'ade bread, and apple dum^liris,, notjss, whether she abuzes all oy Her riaboris, ask her servonts'hoW long they tidy, lived thare, and. don't fail tew observe' whether her drosses aro last yearVbhes; flat over, If you are satisfied tlint 'the' mother' would make the right kindov mother-in-law, yu lean safely.- korikluke, that the dauter would mnke the right kind: 6f a wife. After theze preliminarys are all settled, and yu have done a; reuzonablo amount of ppt>iking,!aBk thevung lady: for her henrt and hand, and if sne refuses, yu knn konsider-yourself euchered. If, on the coutrary, Bhe should Bay yes, get riiarried at once, Without any Aiss* and feathers, and procued tot/ike thophancea. I say take the chances,?ifor thare ain't no recipee for a pepfekt wifjfc; enny moretlian thare iz f.or a pei'fekt'huBband.i Thare iz just az roenriy pood \yifes HZ thare isgcipd husbands, and I never knew twtf pGbpiej married .or single, who were determined tew make themselfs agreeable to eaoh other, but what they suokceqded.y Name yuro oldest boy sum good stout name, not after 8Vl? ^er(?» ahould the first boy ben Hi1!, T? J» ?11' nz Va.Tor t0 me that yw 1{a»l lier Rebekker, I do want sum ov them good, old-fashioned, tuff girl names revived and extended. IT eeenw that party-feeling still runs (mfnn 11/° And llljfl Dot Olliy amongst the "multitude," but even In titled ranks. At a dinner of the Salisbury Conservative Association, held in January Inst, the Secretary stated that the Earl Of iwfnf"' ^ written, offering a baron of beel for. the dinner, but that vas the arrangements had ail been completed, the present was accepted for theirn«*t dinner Sow o -ir- 80 B°o^ But Kwh'at. fallows P Yisoount Folkestone said; the Secretary had omitted to add what he hud KlU°lar^aPe>' that his ("Viscount lolkestone_s) father had offered-Af Mr., Gladstone had gong, </«? way o/all kesh'-to give two barons of beef at the next'ensuing r ix L can thought of this P Suppose' the offer to lmve been a joke, could wiy joke he so miserable,win more execrable taste? Lord I'olkestone has, however, written to the papers to say that he was misreported, and thai the. promise was not made with reference to Air. Waustone a death as a man, but. to his becoming defunct as a politician. . MUTINVON BOARD A MAN-OF.WAB,~ A mutiny which at first threatencd4o be or a serious character ocourred on the evening of the 3rd of January onboard Her Majesty's' Frigate Aurora, 28. guns, now lying iq tho.basin at Devonport? In consequence of dereliction of duty on the U s9m0 mc,l< leave of all was or dered by the commander was to be stopped, , whereupon the crew went below in great anger, tossed the heavy shot about, ^un shipped the guns, hurled a barrel of tar down the hold, knooked the lamps out oi the hands of, the guards sent, to arrest tliem, and threatened to throw a gun into' V»e engine-room. They were with great difficulty restrained. .{Subsequently, the captarn addressed and pacified them. A court of enquiry lias, been held and a report sent to the Admiralty. The ship is newly commissioned, and the men are un known to the officers. On Sunday last one of the men stabbed himself with - a knife in. five places, but is likely to re cover, I he marines acted, it appears. In perfect discipline, and when called on to stand guard over the disturbers they did so with a firmness and determination, their bayonets, fixed and rifles loaded, that did muoh to show the uselessness of resistance. A POWERFUL VKSSEI*.--The new broad side armour-plated ship Superb; which has just been commenced, will be of immense size, and will carry armour-plates . of a greater thickness' than any vessel of a similar description. She is, in fact, the most powerful vessel that has yet been laid down for the British navy. Tho following dimensions^! the vessel will give some idea of her size/-Length between perpen diculars, 3:2J ft.; extreme breadth, 63 ft. 8 m.; depth in hold, 18 ft. 7# in.; burthen in tons (old measurement), 6*047 1Q.04 I'VXTHAOHDINARY 1 MBSNBRIO' JNFLUCNCU. A very strange yet authentic story is re Indian Medical Gazette by the Civil Surgeon of Hoshungabad. A yarnis woman named Nunnee, aged 24, was married some twelve years ago: she, how ever, did not go to her husband's house till two. years afterwards. After staying with nun for eight days, she suddenly became insensible, and remained so for two or three days. Slid was taken back to her mother, and soon got well. Then follows a very remarkable history. During the nextfour or five years she never entered her husband's house without falling insen sible, and remaining " so. Ho was very kind and attentive to her, and she liked him, but whenever he came into her presence she. at once sank into this stale. This went on, till, she became emaciated and laat-hor parents upplied to the Court for a separate maintenance lor nor.' ^ hile-ishe was-in court her husband entered and she immediotely be: came inseusihlo and was curried, to the hospital where the case was careful)v attended^ to by Dr. Cullen, in March, this year. Win o in this state her pulse was even* breathing soft, her body pliant and relaxed: sbo could eat nothing. Experi ments were carefully made to see if there was ^no trick about it. While she was in bed her husband was mufHyd up and made to .-walk through th? watdv She said she felt he was nejir her and she was by no means well, but had*not seen him anywhere .about. Next day this experiment was re peated, and she actually became insensible as before, When the. husband left the W®?)-®]^^9yeroa. experiments tp, the..influence of the husband's presence tfas. IQ all sorts of ways, " He was made to pass behind her, and to bo near her., in a separate ward, but this had no effect : but whenever ho was brought«t6 look- on her -face though muffled up,'or disguised' ?as a policeman, as. a 's^poy,. and so forth,, the wera^wr experiments were continued for about a month and the S " v°P ^ Mucpriscjously mes ®?rised Iier. . i be court came to the con clusioa that it was impossible she could live with mm, and a separate allowance, was ordered. | The husband was asked to try if he could not removo the effect, seeimr 1( pov?er.cause it, but he war quite1 frightened at the idea of having the power and could not control it in any way 