AlieHDEACON DENISON ON THE CON- EESSIONAE. ArcMeacori Deriison, in preaching on Sunday before' the" Chief of Baron of . the Exchequer, th'o dhshbp of Bath and Wells, and the Mayor aiidjCoporation iii the, Wells Cathedral, dwelt at oorisiderahld leiih on the severe crisis through which, lie sivid, the Church of England was now passing in' cennectioh -ivith the question 'of con- fessioii and ahsoliitioh. , Of the ahatement of tliat'severity he saiv he prospect. A glorious opportunity was now vouohsafed to the Reformed Chiircli of England to come to the iroiit. It was required of every ineinher of the Chur ch whoTouhd himself .un.ablc to quiet his conscience hy'.confessioiito'Gbd to go to God's priests to" cdhfes's himseif. . It.was an internal part of the coirimissibii received' the of Holy Ghost hy every priest at the haiids of his. Bishop that he should hear the pehitciit's confession, and when lie saw, lit, givehiin absolution. The words spoken liy Jesus Christ to his disciples on the day of the re surrection when he gave the mission to evangelize the iybrld ill his name were put bj' . the Church intbthe mouths of her Bishops' when they con ferred tiie order of priesthood : — " Rbceive the Holy Ghos for the office and work of a priest of the Church of God now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thoii dost forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins'thon dost retain they are retained. " But in the face of the plain natural ineaiiing of the words in St. John,s Gospel and of the parallel places in Holy Serqiture, it -ivas commonly de nied here in England that Jesus Christ gave to man the iiower to forgive or to withold the for giveness of sins in his name, .and it was con tended th.at, therefore, the Prayer-book could not mean what it said on behalf of the Rcfornicd Church. Now, it was a dangerous thing, cspeei.ally in a country where people liked plain 'spc.akiiiq, to tell them that the Scriptures or the Prayer-book did not me.an wh.at they s.aid ; aiul 'he .affirmed in the the most fonn.al way th.at the premiss and the conclusion were alike f.alse. Private confession .and absolution had shared the common f.atc of truths obscured b' man's misuse or disuse, or both, .and when the provi- ; klchce of God revived the perception of truth .obscured .and of pious obscrv.aiices neglected; it Iw.as p.art of the punishment of. past blindness and uuthaiikfuliiess that the reviv.al, instead of being welcomed as b.eiiig what it was, ah out pouring of the Spirit, aviva regretted as in itself unSound .and untrue; If Scripture said one ithing in Eiigl.and, aiid the. Times newsp.aper 'another, 500 out of 510 people would believe |the Times. A primary truth of the Gosiicl, .an observ.ance given under conditions , imperative on iiriest and people, a law and ordin.ance bt the Church, testified by the gre.atest names, had fallen ill with doubt, but that it is still existed as a l.aw ill some; shape coiild not be , denied. ' After some fiu'ther observations, the Archdeacon iwent on to say that the two places in which the doctrine of private confession ami absolution w.as set forth in the Prayer- book were the order of the .administration of the Lord's' Supper and th.at for the visitation of the sick, and towards Itlie close of his address contended that to re strict confession and absolution to the de.ath- bed or to eases of gross sin -was very like to restricting repentencc to such cases. _ Ho cited the names of 42 Archibishops and Bishops and 2> priests of , the Reformed Church who had bbinc testimony to what he maint.ained was the true teaebing respecting confession, adding that these names did not represent the whole value, mueh loss the .amoinit of the testimony, on.r Tnnvn +.lin niifiniorial of thc 4811 elerg,y represented the value of the amount of earnest longing within the Reformed Church for the severfil things set down in it. The Archdeacon .also quoted a p.ass.age froin the IJampton Iccltires, Hvritten by the present Bisho) of Salisbury, in in favour of confession and absolution, .alleging that the great defect in the passage w.as that it seemed to restore confession and .absolution to the dying bed." Thc Archdeaoon concluded by expressing his gr.atitude to thc Almighty that priests by theiis.ands were teaching and pr.ae- tisiiig private confession, and that the laity bj' tens of thousands were rejoicing in the comfort which was thus afTorded. Archdeacon Benison and those "Priests" who are teaching .and usiiig priv.atc confession .and absolution in the English Church, are breaking the express law of that Chiireh— bre.akiiig their b.ath. They belong to the Rope— to the Pope let them go. 