TH. STORY-TELLER0. LA BELLE AMERIC AINE d"`- CALirORNIAN - STOR Y. BY licHCr OyN TI17Cf RR. CHari r VI -A. BENEFIr AND AST The last week of Fanny's engage ment was a busy one for the " Re publican." jBusine.ss had never been slack during her reign, but when it was fully established that she was going, the furore that had marked her debut was renewed, High prices were again obtained for particular seats, and speculators invested in tickets with an eye to a rise in their value and were not disappointed. Everybody declared that " the Marshall " had never acted her best before, that the light which was about to be extingu isted;, so far as they were concerned, shone most brilliantly just as it was to be lost for ever. Certainly she never exhibited such fire and vehe mence- she seemed to live in a fever of excitement-taking a fierce pleasure in packing up and making preparations for the intended voyage. Her dresses, as soon as the part was played for the last time in which they would be re quired at the Republican, were care fully stored away in trunks, ostenta tlously labelled with her name, as passenger, per Thracian, for Liver pool.. Mr. Spoffered had had some European experience, and. she never tired of questioning him about the places she intended, to visit and the probability of her making a " hit." She was more demonstrative if Leslie happened to be present and that was pretty often, for Mr. Herbert had writ ten a successful book full of persiflage and dry trans-Atlantic humour, and .had given up the drudgery of the press, so he had plenty of time to de vote to his search after experience and incidents, and he evidently drew, or imagined he drew, much information from the theatres. 'E Mr. Spoffered," she said one day, " do you think I shall be able. to get Boucicault o.t Taylor, or any of the big people 'at home '"--in common with many thousands of true-born Americans, she called England by that name-". to write me a-piece or a good part in one ?" Mr Spoffered didn't exactly know, but he suggested that, to make sure -of a dramatic author who would write up to her, she had better takule Leslie with her. "Leslie," she said petalently and even scornfully, " what good would lie be amongst sunhi people ? he might do for the gold-coast to write plays for diggers or calculating Yankees and people who were too busy and bustling to know what dramaticauthorship was, but would a refined audience stand his brother Jo'hathan slang ?" Mr. 8poffered gave one ofhischarac teristic whistles aud wondered what the little game was., " Why," he said, "' you were hot on Leslies's pieces only a month ago; he was a sucking Shakespeare, and worth ten of any living writer." "Oh," she replied, "but I have changed my mind; he is spoilt by thelittle success he has had. I hate him. That book finished him, and he will never get down .from the high horse." And she essayed a laugh which was not a succers. "I wish," thought . Mr Spoffered, "she would say spiteful things like that about me. It wouldn't be a bad thing to run her over the water, I'd make dollars out of her," In fact Mr. Crouch's factotum would have, as he termed it, " gone in " for Funny but there was something about her that warned courtship would not be .a success. However my heroine affected to despise Leslie, she was evi dently determined that the " Creole's Revenge'! should be mounted as well as possible, and she made extravagant demands on the wardrobe and proper ties of the theatre, going carefully through the scenic and other effects, demanding new scenery,here and fresh dresses there--even ' when required' paying for things herself. She urdared. special rehearsals too for the last fare well perfol mance, at which she re quested Mr. Leslie's presence. "I may as well go out like a rocket," she explained, " and not like a stick. I must show them that I am. not played out ii .I am going away." The billing of the benefit was Leslie's care, but really little was needed though it was only put up two days before its occurrence, " An extra night, and positively the last ap pearance of La Belle Americaine previous to her departure by the Thracian for Liverpool" was sufficient to cause a rush for thickets. Leslie was fast gaining popularity as a faneur and acute observer of the humourous. It was his first appear ahe as a beneJficiaric, and the public was indebted to him for meany a "quaint and curious fancy," and plasant hour's reading or observation, and the pub lic, when aware of the fact, is rarely backward in repaying its obligations, in spite of what is said to the con trary. Fanny seemed particularly anx ious that her last performance should be her best. She --kept the company fully employed the two days preced ing the performance attending to her orders and suggestions. The piece had been- rehearsed often enough they thought, but she suggested improve ments here, and new readings and situations there, till they were tired. The scenic artists had their work to .do to keep pace with her requirements and the property man and wardrobe keeper, with their assistants, were at their wits' end to fulfil her orders. Mr. Crouoh kept the accusing angel pretty busy, plying between the theatre and recc~rding office. 'What the thunder did she want getting props that wouldn't come in for anything else? and his flats and things-why, they would have to play Louisiana pieces for twelve months with those cursed plantation uglinesess on 'em." He only mildly suggested that the supers who were to play plantation hands, in the grand cotton field scene, might use their old togs, or wear some splendid soldiers coats and jackets whica he had bought at a commis sariat sale, and Fanny, as he-- graphi cally expressed-it, " jumped upon hin,." He swore he would go into the wax-figure or animal business--woman paid at times, but by the ghost of the gre?t ?Ocsar they played up more in a didf~"than a menagerie would in a morith. ",Look here," he confided to a friend, "that woman came here as mild and as pleasant as a mud-turkle, -add now she cavorts round like a spotted rhionoscresis with his. hide scalded, getting up this piece for one night, as ii it was going to run till the .Jubilee. I'vegot a troupe of infant prodigies coming here next week," he went on;" they pull everything to pieces, and go to sleep just as they're wanted to come on, and they get sick and have to be nursed, and turn the place into a nursery and hospital, but I shall finud them a relief and blessing after this one's tantrums." As Fanny's engagement drew to a close, the papers each came out with flaring notices and personal descriptions of her, The Posa in their commen dation, was only endorsing the public opinion. -If she came to the - Pacific' coast, 'withi a prestige and reputation, she had borne out all that had' been said about her. Many of the papers dwelt upon her personal charms in; a style that would somewhat, offend our old world prejudices. There was no need to bill the last farewell and bene fit of the.. popular author, Herbert Leslie, Esq., for the daily papers were unanimous in calling attentibn 'to 'the? fact, and urging upon the public the :advisability of shoWing their appreci ation. of their native b-orn dramatist. And now the engagement was played out, and it only remained for Fanny to appear for the.young: author's benefit, and thirtykhours from the time of her making her final bow she would be steaming out through the Golden Gate, leaving, all her troubles and cares behind her, and severing herself from any painful associations. What troubles .or cares had she? What painful associations needed severing? She could scarcely tell- she only knew that her peace of mind was gone ;that even the ttmultous applause of a de lighted and astonished audience failed to gratify -har now. Everything seemed to pall upon her, and all was as Dead Sea fruit to her. She was restless and dissatisfied as if possessed by insomnid. Rest was a stranger to her---she would rise at daybreak and try to exhaust herself before she sought her bed, but 'she could fiothf-tired.' That last night over, she thought, all would be well ; she would be on boardithe nett night, and leave early on the following morn ing. Across the water she would form new ties-find other friends---ad then she thought, what friends, and what ties ? She had none. Of all the per sons she had come in contact with she had never exchanged a confidence with one. The only time her .heart had beaten quicker was for the coming of Leslie, and shle thought fiercely how it might have happened if he had been free when she had first met him, or if he had been a Moormorn; but no! at the thoughtkher teeth clenched involun tarily, and a dangerous gleam shot from her beautiful eyes. Time passes slowly to some people, but it mest pass, and the night of the benefit arrived. Extravagant prices had been paid for good places. People of intelligence and discrimination who knew they were, partin froman artiste, whose equal they were not likely to see again for some time,; if at all, had secured even the'piicarette and upper circles, and by the time for the performance to commence, the whole place looked like one unbroken sea' of heads and ex pectant faces. Exactly at eight o'clock the curtain rose--the overture hushed the " Creole's Revenge" commenced. Fanny's entrance was made soon, for the young planter was waiting for her, when the piece commenced. She came on, looking supernaturally bright and radiant, and surveyed the house. for a moment. No audience ever saw a fairer sight-one bow of the proud little head, one glance' that took in the ,whole house-her arms folded across her breast; and she turned to extend her hands to her lover as the play demanded, but the terrific applause forced her to come to the lights once more. Again and again she bowed her acknowledge meots to the tornado of cheers and shouts-then, suddenly, as if.'deter mined to end them, she went on with the business heedless of the cries to come forward. The play had always been a favorite, 'and her acting in it had never failed to move the frequen ters of the Republican, but to-night she put such earnestness into the part and infused such a spirit into the rest of the company that the piece could scarcely proceed for cheers and ap plause. Leslie had his box to the left of the stage-his wife was by his side and he watched the play intently. He was thinking that this was the last time he would see the girl who strangely interested him, who was so gifted, yet qeemingly:so friendless and forlorn.- Sli was as it were wrapped in an impenetrable mantle of raserve which lher gelius .thew arouind her. Several times 'diring the first act he caught her glance, it seemed difficult for either of them to avoid looking. He felt strangely and unacountably sad and depressed; why, he did not know. Fanny's anticipated departure gave him some corcern-they: had passed many friendly hours together, and she had been the principal cause of his 'success as a dramatist. She was now playing his "first born," the play he wouldlike better than anything he could write. The first act concluded, the usual storm of calls and cheers followed with the appearance of Fanny and the actor representing Darnton. The second act was but a repitition of splend act ing and another succession of triumphs for Fanny. At the closeof it she was off for nearly an hour till the latter part of the third act. Leslie was sit ting in his box.,and turned. to walk toward?. the circle door to a stroll till the curtaitn rose again when the prompter's boy appeared with a few words pencilled on one of Fanny's cards-". cOme round for a few mo moeits.". He walked round the front of the house and down the narrow lane leading to the back of the stage, passed through the door and up the dingy staircase, then along till he came to the " star's" door. He knocked and was told to enter, and, in a mo ment, he stood before Fanny Hesler La Boelle Amerioaine. Well she de served the title as she rose "and ex tended-her hand. Her bosom was still aind heaving with the exertion of the "part;" rising and falling with a regular but rapid motion. Her' eyes, always bright, and beautiful, now shone with a loveliness : that seemed not of this earth. Her cheeks and face were stained slightly, but the lovely colour :showed through the eye, and her lips hailf purted by heavy breathing, needed no vermillion to make them "brilliantly red Several news-papers layabout, and the hood and mantle for her' disguise were, with come copies of illustrated papers con taining her likeness, on a side-table. She was evidently excited, for she rose at his entrance anid took his hand in both hers. "Mr: Leslie," Herbert." she said, " I' sent for you, I could not help it." (ZTo e 0on~itzued. 