TOWMUpIP The Rifle Association were rather unfortunate in the I ^pwa^y^aijTe^^T wut ii^JsBHiai,MpstMfrWMBHffalf ^wiffhw Paddington Baits, with their aammndings of bjown j tjfcrab out ba^^a^uS^W u*ry£JHr'( lT#7-lo°^^ locaUty.bntae^adainlftonBnttaona-anllwetdayare ^R^ifjWHti^1iy%'WttliWitfrTffl^rVsW?n^1Br3igifihriT'tffBtl*' tthe mumpB and the rhennu^uui. Neither js,there«nr tning paruoniarif exniurating in tne nature ot tte 'sport' itefelf, to counteract the -general de presBing ? rfEeeit, 'to for 'at 'least ' 'ts» the spectators are concerned. Far be it from as to doubt ordepreciaU tne noble eathnnaim of bwgallwt marks men', to whose skill we may be one day indebted for the preset-ration of our hearths and homes from the poUn tUe footsteps of pillaging Prussians or ravuhinr BnssUns. To them, no doubt, there U ecstasy in a ' doable centre,' and as much joy in a 'bull's eye' as ever tber* was in the. days of their lollipop-ioring cnildhood. Bat to the mere piping man of peace, or cigar-sacking eiriian, to whom marking is a mystery, the perpetual popping away in all manner of painful positions at apparently nothing in parti cular, is apt, after the first five or eir hours of it, to become slightly monotonous. A ' ' man target' ' or two, would considerably add to the excitement of the sport, especially if, as the children say, a ' real man' could be guaranteed in the performance. There are a few people about who could hardly prove their patriotism better than by volunteering for this palpable pnblic duty. ?True patriots they, for be it ne'er forgot. They volunteered, like rubbinn, to be shot. Why ehould his Honor the Chief Justice 'rob a poor man of his beer' any more than any other man ? D irinp along the road to Wagga, we letvrn from the local paper, bis Honor came across a man lyiog asleep by the road-side, embracing a bottle, whereupon shocked. at Buch an exhibition of bare-faced immorality, he ordered the instant execution of the— bottle. If some thirsty soul passing by had simply emptied the bott'o, instead of breaking it, and found Ha way before. his Honor in conseauence. be would probably have been! ruled guilty of petty larceny, bnt then of course cir cumstances alter cases. Breaking of windows, for instance, by ragged little boys, is a broach of the law, punishable with the whipping poet or the Vernon, but breaking of brandy bottles by enthusiasKc temperance advocates, is a virtuous action, to be commended from the judgment Beat. Clearly, the tee-totallers, with the precedent of the Chief Justice's latest exploit on the roads before them, have a splendiii opportunity of bet tering his instruction, and practically demonstrating their bottle-hating principles. Only another wretched little 'bnj boy killed in the 'execution of his duty.' We thought the Traffic Commissioners were to put a Btop to the abominable practice of employing small boys as 'bus conductors! just as we thought they were to improve our om:-ibus tmffio generally. Does an} body know if they hnro done anything beyond issue a series of by-lawa, which they seem to be powerless to enforce? ? Smoking is 'strictly prohibited;' 'yet many a . morning and cvenin 'bus might be mistaken for a steam locomotive. The conductors were to bo men with decent coats on their backs, and decent tongues in their heads, and ragged, impudent boys still yell hideously from the footboards, and clamber like cats over the roof, with the occasional variation of a » header' under the wheels. It is to be hoped; the fate of the poor little fellow whose sad end is reported to-day, will have the good effect of stirring up the semmissioners to the erecution of so much of their duty as may save any more of tie rising generation from being put to such execrable purpose hi, 'bus boys, with tho probability of being utilised some day as road metal. Is it by way of political portent of coming1 danger to the honse of Farkes, that Hr. Terry moves ' to-day, the restoration of the cross-benches? Ko doubt the simple division of ths House into Government benches and Opposition, the political sheep on the right hand, and the political goats on the left, has its incon veniences, there being always a certain number o hon. members who may fairly be described as hybrids. In this view Mr. Terry's motion is clearly light. There should be cross-benches for the 'cross-breds.' It was expected last week, says the Warwick tegvs, that Mr. Frederick Cooper would announce himself as s candidate for Warwick, fie ww strongly gnpported in the Liberal interest some five yean back when he oonteit-d an election here, and bad lately reserved an invitation from an old and influential supporter to come up. Mr. Cooper did come, and, wa understand, was agreeably surprised to £nd bow well the little toon had progressed slnoe be bad the pleasure of . oddrelBing the inhabitants andEontrlpuli^g^o their oharHies five yean aeo when bis blood was more in tie ' hey-day' than it is at present. Mr. Cooper risltsd sprue of the eceuei of bis former oratorical triumphs, but five years it too great a strain on thelojaltyof eleotorl. Mr. Cooper, perhaps, fonnd it so, lor ha took a tender farewell of his friends on Tuesday evening, and left town by early train on Wed nesday morning a wiser and (let us hope not) a sadder man. The Melbourne Leader ot Saturday' hag' the following :— ' The Pacific mail alliance between New South Wales and New Zealand is un fait atcomfili. Mr. Togel has ratified, on behalf of b-s Government, the agreement entered into in London between Messrs. Bussell and Samusl. and the !irst steamer will leave Sydney on the 16th December, via Fiji and Honolulu. There are to be thousand ton steamers used to connect the New Zealand ports with Kandavan ; and ill matters sum to nave been so excellently arranged as to nave ilmost the appearance of a pteoon.-erted plan kctweea Messrs. Parkes and Yegel. It u uaalesa to disguise ,tbe fact-that this arrangement Is a severe blow to that prestige wblob Mr. Langton led us to believe be had purchased for this oolony in the Suez contract at a cost of olose upon half a million sterling This precious policy baa iff nlted iu throwing £few Zealand completely into the arms of New South Wales, and taenoaforth the interests of the two cdIoeim will be to a l«rge extent identical, while the pnlioy that will csntrol them will, we may be certain, not be to the advantage of Victoria. Mr. Lang ton's blundering is not yet half realised by the puWlo mind ; when it is fully understood it will bo found that his Intoler able conceit and administrative inoapaolty bare cost this oolony more in coin and reputation tb«n any weight era before put upon it by a Tlotorian mlnlatar. '?The Prophet' was magnificently rendered lait night, at the Victoria Theatre, or the Italian Opera Com pany, and was rapturously applauded. The Prophet (Roi nati) sang magnificently, and «o did Signora Coy and SIgnora Zeuoai-Gar&boa.; The dramatic «ction of tne latter through out the opera was fine, but in the ooronation soene It was magnificent. The perfection of art is to deceive botb the judgment and the senseB. All art indeed is a sham, and a make believe from beginning to end. The more thoroughly you are deceived tha greater is the skill of the artist. Zononi acted her part so well as to demand an effort ot the j udgment to prevent iheepeotator from believing that the. passions she was delineating w»re real. The illusion was as nearly perfect as possible. Khe received an ovation of applause* and asbotrerof garlandB and bouqueU. Bignora Coy'8 singing was also very fine, but the role of Bertha is inferior in dramatic interest to that of the Prophet's mother. The opera is finely mounts'!, and a great deal of the tcenory is very pretty. There were a few mishaps in the skating scene, which, MUiough pertaining to the chapter of accidents, were nevert he'ess quite natural, inasmuch as real skaters get many a tumble. The music ot ths opora is a nurioua mixture ol spirkling melodieB and melo- dramatio harmonte*. some of which are weird and elf-like, but withal exceedingly appro priate and expressive. Hero and there the ghoets of old meli d-eB nit through tbe music, reminding the listeuer of eome thing lie has beard before. The concluding song of the Prophet bears a striking resemblanoe to an ,,U qnnirille, and the music of the scene between the Prophet and his mother, after Bertha has been carried oft's prisoner, enntains whole phrases and half rhrsner, Bcimely ilisgu Bed, of the olil EngllBh melody of ' All iu the Downs,' iu ' Black-nyed Susan.' This, hnwerar, is no blemish in the opera, for these Bnatchea of melodies are harmonioed so fmoly ai to be dramatically appropriate. Ono of 'heo'tioruses, too, is a faint shadow, in a different time, of the eame line 'Id air. The composer was evidently obsessed liytha ghost ol this melody whilst writing time portions of the open. The -'Prophet' is truly a grand and great work, nil will remain a monument, to the author's fame so long as t:*:ia are cultivated men ao& women capable of appreciating the beauty ol the lyriodcama. It will bj per formed again to-night, wesn -.„« for the list time. EttEiKFAST.— BPP'S COCOA.— QRATIfTUL AKD COMfOET iko ? ' By a thorough knowledge ct the natural laws which S ovarn the op«ratlons of digestion and nutritloB, and br a careful pplicatkH ot tho fine propertle of well-selected cocoa Mr. Eppa baa provided oar breakfast tabk with a deli »tely flavoured beverage which may save cs many iuavr doctors' bills.'— Civil Servia Gaitttc Male dmplT with boiling water or milk. Kaon packet l- labelled- ' J»n*» Speb and -V-., HomcBpatbJc Chemists, Loedon. 