ANTHONY T.ROLLOPE ON QUEENSLAND'. I Aftor a tow iUvys spoiVt i'n Melbourne, tho 'grunt i metropolis of our Australian un\piroj I \viint I dirdcf. to (JtiuoTi(-liiud, that I .'might .sou and hoar what. was. to bo' noun' and hoard in that sismi tropical colony oeforo t.ho groat heat oonunoneod. T arrived liioro mi tho I.Hh August 871. Tho .hot woalhor ia supposed to bugin in October ai'nl to last till tho cud of April. The subject of heat ia 0110 ol extreme iionoaoy in yuoonsianu, aa in dued, it; is also in Iho other colonies.' Ono doos not' iillvule to lioat. in a host's house any move' than to V bad bottle of wine or an ill-cookod joint of inoat. You may remark that it is very -jool in your friond's verandah, your friend of tho Moment being present, nmVniay hint that the wholo of your absent, friend's establishment is as liotas a furnace ; but though you may be constrained to keep your handkerchief to your brow, and hardly divro to walk to the garden gate, you must nover complain of thu heat. t,heu and thoro. Yon may call an inn hot, of acourfc liouso, but not a gonUoman's paddock or a lady's drawing- room. 1 onoo unfortunately stated to 'a Queensland gentleman that my coat had been bitten by cockroaches at his brother's homso, which I had just loft. 'You must havo brought thorn with you then,' was the fraternal defence immediately sot up. T was compelled tlO UIIUI! LO tlUUUUilbU II1U UUUt\i.u.lullun I'KI 1MJ J/iw vious rosting- placo, owned by a friend not a brother. 'It is possible,' said t.ho squatter, ' but I think you must have had thorn with you .longer than that.' I acquiesced insilonco, and aaid no more about my coat till I could got it mended clsowhero. It was winter, so cnllod, whim I roachod Queensland, but I found Bris bane very warm — wanner than when 1 loft it two months later. Queensland calls itself: the biggest of the English colonies. South Australia,, however, ' may dispute the question with hor, as her terri tories run through from the southern to the northern coast. The Quocuslandors boast that bIio is larger than England, Ireland, Scotland, France, Belgium, Holland, and Denmark added together. There is room enough, therefore, for till the energies of all its possible future inhabi tants for many years to come. Jt contains :120,OOO inhabitants — and is, therefore, in poinl of population, inferior to many a, second-rato English or American city. But it owed a public debt of about .£'1,000,000, and spends a public revenue of about £80(1,00(1 a year, or nearly £7 a head. Justice iaadminiistored and property protec ted ut the rate of AM per head for every inhabitant in the colony. At tho samo rate in the British Isles tho administration of justice would cost over thirty millions! To a poor Englishman who has all his life hoard English taxation com plained of as an incubus winch no nation can long boar, those amounts seem to threaten in stant ruin ; but in a young colony they are not much feared, and at least a moiety of the poli ticians of Queensland scoui to think that tho ?welfare of the community is ehielly impeded by «i niggardly ?pt'r.siiiioiiy which is afraid of a good lively debt, and is not sullioienfcly .-nvnlco to tlitv advantages which accrug to a plentiful scatter ing of public money. In speaking of ihe tax ation of the colony, it, must be remembered that a portion of the public revenue arises from tho .sale of public lauds, and is not therefore felt as a direct impost upon tho people. lint tho amount so brought annually to tho public credit is not nearly as large as I had expected. The average for tho last 10 years has been £170,000 per annum. This loaves tho amount to be col lected from taxes A'Oo'0,000 per annum, or about, ,-ECi 5a. per head. Queensland was separated from New South Wales in l.HiV.1, as had been Victoria in .1850, and tho name was given to the new colony by Hor Majesty. Tho question of separation had Leon mooted for the last 'J or 10 years, and with it the other question — hardly less important than separation itself— whether the new colony should or not receive convicts. AIL the world knows that; Queensland as a separate colony lias never taken convicts, nor were convicts sent to to its districts since 1850. In that year tho last shipload of English rullians was lauded on her shores. But, the question was one open to much discussion. In tin; old days, Moroton Bay, as tho district was cabled in which Brisbane, tho prosonl* capital --f Queensland, is situated — was ;i penal settlement dependent on tho Govern ment of Now Si'iitli Wales. It was so named by that, groat man Captain Cook in .1770. Though it kept its name, it seems to havo attracted no notice till 1S2IS, ''21, and '25. A penal settle ment for doubly dyed ruflians was then founded at Morulun Bay, where Brisbane now stands, and many of the public works, and not a littlo of tho cultivation of the lauds round Brisbane, are due to thu forced labour of those unfortunates. There are terrible talcs told now of tho horrors attending operations of this nature — of Ihe wickedness, treachery, and rebellion of the won, sind of tho cruoltio.s of their taskni/i.sfors. But they did work, and as far as the settlement was concerned they did it. cheaply. It was, too, a fact not to be doubted that gangs of convicts sent up to many of tho pastoral districts of New South Wales had turned wildernesses into Edens — had in no few instances turned themselves or boon tinned from fiemla into useful beings. AVhon the groat question was being mooted within tho would-bo now colony, its wholo popu lation did nob exceed 15, 000 souls. Among t.ho pastoral aspirants - squatters as my readers must learn to call them — the want of labour was the one groat dilh'eulty of these days. Tho squatter was not afraid of tho convict. Tho freeman whoso lot it would bo to work alongside of him should ho conic, and tho shopkeepers, and tho small nascent agriculturists did not wish for him. It was therefore decided that the colony should never take convicts, and it never has taken them. What became of those who had boon .sent thither up to that dale is hard to say. They havo been so thoroughly absorbed, that ono hoars littlo or nothing about, thorn in Queensland — much loss than is heard in New South Wales. .It may occasionally happen that a gentleman who has been unfortunate in his youth, forces bis way up to some place of note — in tho Legis lature or olsowhore — and then a \vhispor is heard ? abroad that tho gentleman caino to tho colony in tho old-fashioned way. Otherwise, ono hears but littlo of convicts in Queensland. ' .Before Queensland became a separate colony, iho only great commercial interest of tho country was pastoral — including the brooding, roaring, and feeding of ,shi:op, and tho caro of cattlo. Tho country had boon taken up by squatters in largo masses up to tho lino of tho tropics, and oven within tho line. Jn l.%8, just before Separation was oll'eclod, tho lirst gold rush was made to Canonna, which is just on tho lino. Since that thoro have boon gold rushes in vari ous parts of the colonj', and now ruchos aro still made from time to time. Having said so much, we will now take Queensland as an established colony, and make no further reference to its ancient history. I have already spoken of its 'dimensions. I trust to spare my readers many references to maps, as 1 wish to write of mon and their manners and welfare, rather than of rivers and boundaries, and such references aro ?always troublesome ; but ono slight glimpse at tho maps furnished of each of tho colonies may bo houoticial. It will bo soon that Queensland is bisected by the tropic of Capricorn ; I have therefore called it semi-tropical. In tho way of fruit it produces grapes, oranges, and pine apples, but not apples, gooseberries, or currants. ' 'Wheat has boon produced, but not so na to pay I he grower of it. Outs arc grown, bub aro cut green or half ripe find mailo into hay. Cotton is grown in tho southern parts of the settled dis trict/!, but odly in small patches. It has nut an yet become one of tho staples of tho country, nor do I think it ever will. .Sugar in produced largely, and will probably bucomo tho groat rival I of the wool trade. Cattle do well in most of tho I various districts, but tho distance from the I nrccMsavy markets makes tho trade precarious. I (Sold rushing is of all pursuits, — hero as in all gold. producing countries, — tho most alluring and tho most precarious. Thoro ia a consider able trade in timber, especially from tho rivers j on which tho town of Maryborough stands, i And vineyards havo been made, tho owners of which make .wine, and think that in a littlo timo they will make good wine. I havo drank fairly good wine made iu Australia, but none made in Queensland. If on this head any wiiio growing Queensland squatter should accuse mo of false hood,— remembering tho assenting smilo with which I have socniod to acknowledge that his vintage was excellent,— let him rolloct how im possible it is for tho guest to repudiate the praises with which tho host speaks of his own collar. All the world over it is allowed to tho giver to praiso his own wine, — a privilege of which Australians avail themselves ; but it is not allowed to tho receiver to deny the justness of such encomium, except under circumstances of., peculiar intimacy. llorc, in lho.se pages, truth must prevail ; and L am bound to say that Queensland wh,\o was not to my lasto. .1 am delighted to acknowledge that their piuo-applos were perfect. Uy tho last land act of Ihe colony — that of lHliB— In which I must often refer. Queensland w.ik d ,d into sottlod and unsettled districts. The fouiior consists of the wholo soa-co.ist line, varying iu breadth from about 200 to about 20 miles. Tho unsettled districts stretch back over vast distances, from the 152nd to tho 138th meridian of longitude. Within tho narrow lino of the settled districts aro all tho towns which can be called towns, the host of the sheep sta tions, most of the gold mines, all tho navigable ] rivers, — which, as is tho case throughout Aus- j Ir.ilui, are few and but poorly gittod, — and, an a nutter of course, (Ik, g; vat hulk of ihu Hnpula- j tion. Ju Iho unsettled districts pastoral pursuits ( —that is, tho wool trade and tho cattle trade, juogios-s, but do .so slowly. That groat dilliculty of immigration, — which iu Queensland has been especially great, — pro- venis that speedy filling up of tho back country which has boon' (ho making of tho American Western stales. Tur. Ki:v. Swrxnun;. — William Miller, iho impostor whoso career at Kockhanipton created some sensation there, has been sentenced to threo years' penal servitude, lie was tried on two charges of obtaining money under falso pre tences, by giving his post-dated cheques in ox change for good ones. In ono case the prose cution failed, Mr. Heed having admitted thai; ho took prisoner's cheque as an acknowledgement' of a loan made to him, and it not being clear that there was any falso protonco, as Miller, when ho gave the cheque, merely said that ho was expecting a rcmittauco to arrive about the date when he made it duo. In tho second case, however, it was clearly proved 'that ho induced u Mr. Ferguson to give him his ohoquo for i.'2li 13s. (id., by representing that a sum of .£1000 had arrived in Kockhampton for him, but was not immediately available, which representation was false. Sir CiiAitr.iw Oavan Duity. — iEgles, in the Australasian, says : — ? ' Not mine to bo dubbed by n Koynl blade, Nor won by spurs in » bu mil's raid — Oil ? 1 knoll for iho knightly ncicoliulo At. .Uio buck of a Paris burriendo,' 'to. So sang .T. Cashol Hoey, a good many years ago, of an ideal ' Sir Banneret of tho Tricolor,' wlio won't correspond at all with tho Hon. C. G. .Dully if the latter should apcept tho distinc tion conferred upon him by his Most Gracious Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria. I wonder if Mr. Dully had never been hostile to British rule in Ireland, whether he would havo boon singled out for this signal mark of lloyal favour; 1 wonder how many consistently loyal and faith ful Irishmen havo boon overlooked in tho lists of eligible candidates for knighthood I In Mr. Dully's case' tho prollbrod honour may bo con strued, perhaps, as the superior joy over ono sinner that repenteth rather than over the 00 who had no 'need of repentance. T.ho very, latest mi tlil (says the Melbourne- ' Telegraph') is that Sir Charles Gavan Dully contemplates a return to Europe, and that with tho termination of tho present Victorian Parliament ho trill bid farewell to all colonial politics. Tho object of the knighthood bestowed upon him by Mr. Glad stone has, it it said, been misunderstood by tho people who regard it simply from a colonial stand point. Tho purpose of tho English Pre mier in conferring tho honor was to conciliate tho Irish .party in tiro struggle which tho next general election will create, and it is understood that Sir 0. Dully intends to throw all his in tluenco into tho scale of tho Gladstone party, and will accept a seat in tho next Parliament as tho niombor for Now lloss — his old seat, by tho way, and for which arrangements aro now being liiiido. M.\ km vouji wjiiTi. — Thoro aro no mon nioreox posod to the danger of siuldon death than minors, and none who arosocarelessabontniakingarrango nients for tho distribution of their property after death. Wo beliovo that, out of tho estates which, pass through tho hands of tho Curator of intestate estates, throo fourths at least, aro those of deceased minors, and no slight percentage is deducted for legal expenses. Now if they took tho simple precaution of making a will, this percentage would go, as well as tho rest of tho property, to their families, or would bo disposed of according to their final wishes. But people seem to rocoil from making a will, as if the sign ing of such a documont woro their death-warrant. Nothing can bo moro foolish, and ovory ono ought to take tho simple, precaution of making his ' last will and testament.' It may not bo gene rally known, although it is important to know it, that marriage renders a will, mado previous to tiho ceremony, invalid. So that if husbands wish to loavo thoir property to their wives or to any one olso, thoy must execute a will after marriage, otherwise tho law will tako tho distribution into its own hands, and tho properly to bo divided will bo sensibly diminished in tho procoss. — ' Bavonswood Minor.' AsiKurf'ANMustOAi.CiUTioiKJi. — Somo'olioico specimens' of musical criticism havo lately ap peared in tho American papers. Hero aro a fou\ Speaking of Signnr Mario's rocont appear ance in opera in tho United States, ono Now York critic writes : — ' Tho porfoction of his method remains ; but his voice, likotho memory of a buried joy, may bo imagined, but hardly admits of description ;' anothor, howovor, wish ing to bo moro conciso, simply compares tho artist to ' nn iigod jiightingalo with a'eohl.' Of tho stylo ' highfalutiu' tho critiquo on Madamo Rudersdorir all'ords a rich oxaniplo — this also is from a Now York paper : — ' to toll you how sho sang would bo impossible, but. if oho may compano an object of sight to ono of sound, wo would say that, hor voico is liko a rocket, which from tho first bursts upon tho sight with a mag ni licorice that claims undivided attention, and iu an instant carries your attention from earth to heavon, when it bursts into ton thousand orbs of glory that sointilato, each a separate gem upon tho bluo empyrean', and burn, each with a varied hue of beauty that at onco distracts and '?onimands attention, until they burst into a Hooey trail of stars that floats down the vaulted sky softly and slowly, until tho oarth seems over-arched by a lacework of liro, that drops earthward as it falls, growing thinner, finoi1,' until, liko tho last, oxpiring breath of a sigh', it is lost in tho evening air.' When is tho weather most liko a eroekory shop (-. When it, is muggy. Adjusting 3Ionsr.-Cou.Aus. — How to lit * a new collar to 'tho shoulder of a horso is thus told by Iho 'Farmer.' Tho .collar should bo of tho proper size ; just before putting it on tho lirsl timo immorso in it water, lotting it remain about a minute, and immediately put it on the horso being careful to havo the haincs so ad jnsled at tho top and bottom as to lit thu shoulder, and Ihon put the horso to work. Tho collar, by being wot, will adapt itsolf to tho shoulder, and should dry on tho horso. When taken ott'ifc ahotdd bo loft iu tho samo shape it occupied on the horso, and over aftor you will have a snug- titling collar and no wounds. DisuovniiY oi.1 an Eo vi1 pi an 3000 Ybatis Old. —A papyrus has boon found iu a tomb, by Mr. Harris, editor of tho ' IJieroglyphical Standard.' As described, it forms a roll KM foot in length and ] fool 4i inches wide. It dates from Iho end of Iho roTgn of llainoses 111. (Iho Kamsinil of Herodotus), and contains valuables informa tion relative to the' political and religious civili zation of Egypt at that distant period. It is written iu hieratic characters — a mixture of hieroglyphics and signs for letters and syllables. The to.\t is an allocution from HaincsosJlL., ' to his people and all tho mon on oarth.' liamescs therein recounts how ho re- oslablished Iho ancient -Egyptian worship, rebuilt tho temples, and endowed them wilh muniCiconcc. Tho reli gious movement alluded to relates to tho period of Moses, to Iho monotheistic worship founded or restored by him, and comprises all Lho events which terminated' in tho ruin of monotheism in Egypt and tho oxodus of tho Jews. 'Phis papy rus is, consequently, hold to bo of the highest interest for tho study of tho Mosaic religion and legislation. JijNdLiHii Cnmc. — I rcgrot to say (says a cor respondent of tho ' Australasian') th.it sorious cijjmo is terribly on tho iucroaso, Thero aro now something liko ton murderers either sen tenced or -wailing to bo sentenced, and ono can not tako up a paper witliwi.il reading some droad I ful tragedy, in which, in I) out of 10 cases, tho wife or Iho child is the victim. Thoro soonis to bo a growing indifference, to life, which is ono of tho most unpleasant features amongst the work ing classes, -and which may bo commended .to tho attention of iho next Social Soienco mooting. A C(,i:vi;it Uo- roit. — Dr. Carbarns, 'who died at Paris hist year, was ono of those jovial phy sicians whoso presence is equally sought in Ihe .sick room as iu society, and who ollectmoro with humour and pleasantry than by medicine. JJeing a brother- in-law of llessop, tho colcbrated engi neer, and nearly related to a princoly family of his native land, ho moved in wislouriitio circles, which deeply felt his loss. Ono cure, by which, at tho commencement of his career, ho achieved a groat reputation, is characteristic of tho man. The Duchess of D ? , ono of tho most aris tocratic ladies of the Fauborg St. Germain, had got possessed of the idea that sho had swallowed a frog. She folt this said -frog— ^sho doolarud sho did— and its presenco robbed hor of peace of mind, sloop, and oven of health. Tho Parisian physicians had tho rudeness to deny tho' exist- ence of tho animal, ignorant as they wore that tho poor lady sullbred a martyrdom. A fortu nate chance made her acquainted with Dr. Car barns, and to him sho told hor lalo of woo. Ho folt, with a seriousness worthy of Hippocrates hiinsolf, tho pulso of tho fair patient, inquired after various symptoms, and when tho charming aristocrat had exhausted all hor store of argu ments to prove her pet delusion, tho youthful doctor said after a woll-foigned pause, 'Madamo, the frog is there, biifc' I will remove- it.' Ho then prescribed an innocent omotic, and wont to tho nearest floworshop, whoro ho bought a small greon frog. Armed with his confederate, ho prosontod himself onco, moro boforo tho Duchess, and placed a large basin of water in readiness. The cmotio began to take offoct, tho Duchess' eyes filled with tears, and our doctor took ad vantage of tho opportunity to slip the grcon frog into the basin. On seeing tho frog a load was removed from tho Duchess' heart, and for an instant all scorned well. Tho noxfc moment sho turned palo, and, as Dr. parbarus supported her tottering frame, sho cried in a despairing tone : ' Oh, doctor ! I am not yot cured, for the frog has left, a littlo ono behind.' ' Stop !' cried Carbarns, without allowing a trace of eni barassmoiit to bo soon in his .manner, ' that wo shall soon see. Ho then threw a searching glanco upon tho frog, which ho had by this 'timo taken in his hand, and uttered, with a cor-' tninty that settled tho wholo question, thoso words: ' Madamo, that is an impossibility, for tho frog is a male.' Tirv. 'Latest fuo.u Uxor.n Sam. — Tho following yarn from tho ' Chronicle,' San Francisco, is too good to bo lost : — Between throe and four months ago a ' plain-looking man' walked into: a San Francisco bank, asked to soo lho manager, , oalmly'placod a leathern valise on the banker's' desk boforo him, opened it, took out an ingot of dingy motal, and handod it to tho other in silonco. 'Well,'1 said tho man of 'gilt- odged' and other paper, 'what, of it! Tin ain't it, or brass V A sarcastic smilo illumined tho fuco of tho mysterious stranger. ''Look again,1' ho muttered, scutcutioiisly. ' What for !' asked tho banker, fretfully. ' I'm no judge of minerals, anyhow, except ono, and I'vo no timo to study this particular specimen.' His visitor mildly persisted, Do you know gold when you soo it ( Knot, will you call in somo trust worthy oxpert who does I Tho bankor with somo reluctauco, assonted. A woll-known assayor was summoned, and to him tho mass with somo others liko it was submitted. On sooing the metal ho asked, with somo oxcitemont, where it camo from ; but, receiving ho satisfaction agreed to do what was rcquostod, and took it away for asssay. Tho noxt day, lie camo baak, by ap pointmoiit, mooting tho two others, and pro ducod a yellow bar. 'That looks liko gold,' said tho banker. ' Rather,' roturnod tho assayor. ' It is gold — nearly a thousand fino ; tho linost I ovor put in a crucible' Tho mys terious owner said nothing. Questions woro put to him us to whoro ho got tho precious stun', but thoso woro civilly evaded. Ho desired, as a fnr tlusr test, that tho bar should bo sent to tho mint. This too, was dono, and tho bar caino back in duo tinro, transformed into §8000 worth of double oaglos. Tho cash, by tho request of the stranger, tyjis put to his credit. At t.ho end of a wool; ho camo back, and this time hud bo foro tho excited banker a much larger quantity of tho saino inotal. ' It is gold,' ho cried j ' puro gold, liko tho last. 'Whoro did you gob it/' Tho strangor looked with steadfastness at his interlocutor, and replied calmly, ' I mado it — 1 mado it myself.' Tho astonishment of tho bankor was of courso unboundod, and was not diminished by the particulars afterwards con fided to him'.' Our modern Midas announcod that, aftor long and painful oll'ort, ho had dis covered tho socrot of tho transmutation of motals. Ho could mako gold by tho ton — nay, by the shipload ; but tho procoss ho would ro voal to no living soul. A bargain was, howovor, oll'oetod whoroby. ho and tho bankor bocamo partners, Midas furnishing tho bullion, and his friond undertaking its cautious and prolitablo distribution. Tho lnltov did not fail, by way of getting his ohanco in so good a thing, to point out tho troubles and dangors that might ariso from thoso interested in values which tho momentous discovery would impair woro- nob secrecy as to tho idontify of tho invontor, anil an intermediary such as hi.s own bank, judiciously omployod. Tho Wostorn wits now call bigamy Utahlising tho foinalo sex. CATKcmsir. undek DrFFr.cirT.TiES. — Prco Kirk Elder (preparatory to presenting a tract). 'My friend, do you know tho ehiof ond of man'! Piper, (innocently) 'Na, I dinna mind tho chuno ! .Can ye no whuntlo it :/' ' .TuDon Powell and tub Ghost. — Tho judgo was a most strenuous opponont| of Iho'supor slitious belief iu apparitions, although Dr. Fowlor, tho thou Bishop of Gloucester, was not only a boliovor in, but wrote sovoral works in dofenco of tho cxistonco of ghosts upon earth. Judge Powell was a groal antagonist of -tho bishop's, and once attomptod, by tho following willy device, to convince him of his error. Tho judgo purposely paid tho bishop an early morn ing visit to his palace, when tho annexed con versation occurred. ' Sinco I saw you,' said tho judgo, ' 1 havo had ocular demonstration ot tho existence of nocturnal apparitions. ' Bishop—-' I am glad you aro become a convert to tho truth ; but do you say actual ocular demonstration ? Lot mo know tho particulars of tho story.' .fudge— ' My lord, J will. It was — lot mo soo — last Thursday night, between tho hours of 11 and 12 o'clock, but noaror tho lattor than tho fornior ; as I lay sleoping in my' bod, T was suddenly awakened by an uncommon noiso, and heard something coming upstairs and stalking directly towards my room. Tho door Hying open, L drew back my bed- curtain, and saw. a faint glimmering light enter my bed chamber.' Bishop — ' Of a faint colour, no doubt?' Judgo — 'The light was of palo blue, my lord bishop ; and thon followed a tall meagre personage, his locks hoary with ago, and clothed with a long loose gown, a leathern girdle' about his loins, his board thick and grizzly, a largo fur cap on his head, and a long stall' iu his hand. Struck with astonishment, I romaiuod some time quite motionless and silent. Tho figure advanced, staring mo full in tho face I then said, ' Whence and what art tliou /' ' Bishop — ' 'What was tho answer — toll mo, what was tho answer!' Judge — 'Tho following was the a'uswor I received: — 'lama watchman of the night, an'l ploaso your honor, and nialio bold to oomo upstairs to inform' lho family of their blroot door being open, and that, if it woro not soon shut, they would probably bo robbod bo foro morning.'' A Si:natou ajtd a G I'A'Ti.r.MAN. — Et might bo generally supposed that a man who has reached to tho position of a legislator is a gentloman, or, at leant, does his. host to mako people boliovo so ; this is not always tho caso. It frequently happens that public speakers iind fault with the reports of their utterances, and many do so in terms: of vulgarity unworthy of mon in honour able positions, and positively cruel 'to tho feel ings of reporters. Tho Right Hon. W. E. Glad stono had occasion to correct the report of a' passage in ono of his speeches— and how did ho do ifc'J Not by voiding a torrent of abusive opithots and low inuondos on the luckless head of tho reporter, but by taking tho blanio on hiinsolf iu this quiet and thoughtful way : — . 'In your interesting articlo of to-day , on tho studyof Homor, you havo quoted from a report of somo remarks mado by mo at tho mooting on Tuesday last of tho Society of Biblical Arclucp logy the words — 'Every day must begin for mo with my old friend Homer.' I wish to say that tho reporter has been led, probably by somo careless or indistinct expression of mine, into an error.' Hero is tho consideration of tho scholar and gentleman for his' brother of tho Press — an acknowledgement of the arduous duties of tho lattor, while at tho samo time tho error being probably tlutt of tho reportor, is most delicately «corrcctod. Fixed Idk-as. — In the mind ofmnn : That ho is overworked ; that hi.s constitution requires stimulants ; that if ho had them, ho could at this nioiiiont invest a few hundreds to tho great est advantage ; that he., could preach as good a sermon hiinsolf ; that ho could soon pick up his French if ho went abroad. In the mind of Woman : That sho has nothing to put on ; that things ought to bo bought because thoy aro cheap ; that thoro is company in tho kitchen ; that hor best silk is gottiug awfully shabby ; that sho requires a chango about tho middlo of August; that hor allowance is1 too' small. Extraordinary Fecundity. — -Tho American medical journals havo recently noticed sovoral vory reniarkablo instances of fecundity. Tho ' Boston Medical and Surgical Journal' states that, 'on tho 2.1st of August, Mrs. Timothy Brad loo, of Trumbull county, Ohio, gave birth to oight children — throo boys and fivo girls. Thoy aro all living, and aro healthy, but quito small. Slid was married six yoarsago, and weighed 2731b on tho day of hor marriage Sho has givon birth to two pairs of twins, and now oight moro, making 12 children hi six years. Mrs. Bradloo was a triplet, hor mother and father being twins, and hor grandmother tho niothor of live pairs'of twins. — ' British Medical Journal.' 