1 THE MOTHER'S GH08T. There wooed him so winsome a maid. Together they were for seven years, Andtogether children six wore theirs. Then came death abroad through the land, - And blighted the beautiful lily wand. Svend Dvrine he rideth adown the fflade, | -And again he hath wooed him another maid. | He hath, wooed him a maid and brought home a bride, t But she was bitter and fall of pride. | 'When she came driving into the yard, I There stood the sjx children weeping so hard, f There stood the «mall children with mournful hearts 1 Vrom before her feet ehe thrust them apart. 1 She gave to them neither ale nor bread ; I 'Ye shall sutler hunger and hate,' she said. {? She took from them their quilts of blue, I . And b&id; ' Ye shall he on the straw we strew.' I ;Sho took -from them the great waxlight ; I *' Now ye lie in the dark at night' In the evening late they cried with cold | t The mother heard it under the mould. f The woman heard it the earth below : 1 *' To my little children I must go ! ' She standeth before the Lord of all, Abi) may I go to my children small r .She pnmd Him so long, and would not cease, Until He bade her depart in peace. _ *' At cockcrow thou shalt return again ; 'Longer thou shalt. not there remain ! She girded up her sorrowful bones, .And rifted the walls and the marble stones . As through the village Bhe flitted by, Tbe watchdogs howled aloud to the sky. When aho came to the castle gate There stood her eldest daughter in wait ! * * * * * * 'When sho came in at the chamber door There stood the small children weeping sore. One she braided, another she brushed, I The third she lifted, tho fourth she hushed. The fifth she took on her lap and pressed, As if she would suckle it at her breast. Then te her eldest daughter said she, ' I)o thou bid Svend Dyring come hither to me.' Into the chamber when he came She spake to him in anger and shame : I left behind me both ale and bread ; Jfly children hunger and are not fed. I left behind me quilts of blue, My children lie on the straw ye strew. I left behind me the great waxlight, My children lie in the dark at night. If I come again unto your hall, As cruel a fate shall you befall. Now crows the cock with feathers red, Back to the earth must all the dead. How crows the cock with feathers smart, ? The gates of heaven fly wide apart Now crows the cock with feathers white, I can abide no longer to-night' Whenever they heard the watchdogs wail, They gave the childi'en 'bread and ale ; Whenever they heard ihe watchdogs bay, They feared lest the dead were on their way | Whenever they heard the watchdogs bark, * ; They feared the dead out there in the dark. | — Longfeliow. 