HEREDITARY GHOSTS. (From the Globe.) What ivy is to the ruin, what a fine beeswing is to port, that a ghost is to a country house. An old country house without a ghost is a very serious matter -seuspicioue in itself, suggestive of parrenuiem, utterly fatal to the claims of any family to antiquity. " Thank heaven, it takes three generations to grow an arenue ef oaks," said a poor aristocratic friend of Erskine's when they lad cleared the grounds of a man with whom they had just dined, and who had everything but antiquity on his side. It takes mnuchl longer than that to produce a respectable ghost; it cannot be done under six or seven generations. I know two hIouses certainly where a very modern family seem to be blessed with the genuine thing, but I lhave reason to believe that it is a second-hand one. Ghosts--and thais is very important-may be divided into three dis tinct classes which must not be confounded. There is that vulgar and detestable class typified by the Cock lane affair ; old men condemned to be perpetually re peating ithe Bible backwards, peculiar, I belieye, to Tooting; cattle without heads, and aimlse noises. The second class consists of well-defined apparitions, generally of men or animals, which appear ten or twerlvo times perhaps in a lifleime, usually afteer suplper, whose Ariel takes tile shape of salmon with eucuinber or Welsh rabbit, and whloso Prospero is the doctor. The third class compriscaes the real thitig-lihe true unan misiaii ble hereditary ghosts, con stsotly associated by sceplica with its inferior and spurious bretthren, but utterly distinct in its origin, its appearance, and its habits. Its origin is invariably lost in the twilfght of fable. Some of these ghosts came over withb tihe Conqueror; many date from the Ware of ithe Rosoes, particularly those venerable par ti,,s whiclh haunt the old manor houses in Yorkshire. Othere, more than one would suppose, date from the Civil Wars, and some are even as late as the Itestorm tieson; but any apparitions later than that are to be regarded with distrust. These ghosts are essentially nrislocratic; they seem to was and wane as certain trees are said to do with the fortune of the house to which they are atteached; they never pass from one family to another. You may come iatto the mansion, but you cannot come into the ghost, of an old family. In the grave of the last hereditary possessor are buried also the hereditary ghosts. These ghosts, like good servants, are seen and not heard. No objectleess clanking of chains, rattling of bones, rumbling of barrels and the like, ever accom pany them; they are much too respectable for that. Tiiey rarely make their appcarance, and mwhen they do it is only a glimpse that can be caughlt of them. The breath of their life is tradition; grey haired butlers and superannuated nurses are thleir chlroniclers, and over the winter's fire you may hear their story told. Generation after generation their legend is handed down with a weird accuruey and a strange uaiformily of detail; nothing is enaggerated, nothing lost. The pale.faced lady, flitting by the window or gliding down the stairs with the speck of blood ol, hlier wrist ; the beautiful child with the golden hair and the dead robin in her breast; or the shadowy shrouded figure and the beckoning hand-whatever form the legend takes, so i remains the some today as 300 years ago. It is curious to arsee lhow these tra ditlions have penetrated into our literature. To eay nothlling of the ponts, who would naturally loan to wards them, the grave historian Clarendon does not hiesitate to cite them with perhaps more awe titan he would care to confess. Charming Lady Fanslmawe, in her delightful memoirs, trembles as she talks of them, and the philosophic Joseph Glanville bas dedicated near half a volumeto them. Old Dr. Jobueon, though he would grudge his company a word on any other topic, became atonce a patient listener if anyone could talk about these; and we all know Iow, on visitingan old family in the country, after surveying the ancient gabled house, lie at once asked with an eager curi osity if there was any ghost. Ghosts are gradually leaving us; the atmosphere of comoan life is too much for them; our grand old family mansions, their chosen homes, are changing hands, passing into the possession of strangers. The introduction of gun powder is said to have given the finishing stroke to clhivalry, and what we are so fond of dubbing common ocase has giving the finishing stroke to better things than superstitioo. When old Troy had fallen, and the light of day was poured into the recesses of Priam's palaces, Virgil is careful to toll us that the gods of the city had deserted hoer-had flown away never to return. And last week, when I was wander ing over otle of England's oldest mansions which had passed into the hands of a stranger of yesterday, and talked with the plain matter-of-fact man lwho had taken the place of the good old family butler, I thought with a sigh of old times, : nd realised more titan oaer that grotesque discrepancy which deforms so many of these places where the ancient and modert elements are so ridiculously combined. I looked on the old pictures darkening in theirlframes--on the old swords and firelocks, out on to the grim melanclholy yew walks, where the light of the setting sun, splin tered into emeralds, was dying; and, as I walked away, wondered what would be the effect on the spruce enlightened menial before me, if, like Dr. Johnson, I ventured to ask whether there was any ghiost. 