THE FINAL UPSHOT. (From th£ Argosy ) (CoittimieAfromourlast.) CpiLE iafo*tdld me not to mess my new silk handkercherc <for; 1 wasn't -likely to have-another \- o' r one while:! and-3Kt.lM>ught'$£ 3 got ^untying and tying of it. I should mess it." It seemed-quite a —taskHo-Ferrar to confess this; He -feared the ;>ibqys syouM laugh^t^fiim. yBu* I thmkj nobpdy doubted that it was thje .true "reason. | "You did not take ltoffwhile you were sitting •Mmstem&lktu-; n t m i - .T vMtek F&Eai; looked too s^riiei^nihaerstand the order, and did—nothing. The coroner reiifj&tpititeh;' til Km, J'. • 'ITake off this/hfere handkercher, sir ? LNow?" ' c " , - The! juryrjvishito see it open. "-.-:-: jo <; Mark^tiedi ffie bowsand^pulled it oifyhis very freckles showing outred; - It'was a-three-cbrnered iBilk&eckercJiief-as;grcen ,aB^rass.o'.< .••.ikjk.I, saw ; fbeirig swung about, Hag^Baooetft ask^ithe-ooioaer. Harry-d^ance/gaze'd fat itasdtUayon the t&ble;, and shook his head. "I don't think it wereAhe one,';suy•''?he fiaid.-g.,- : -,•.- t < n- „.. "i^j'^^^yiwr^fe^iVr' jr. ; bnghter^ abd^ ,t'ptherw^;M^ it'were." "''* . "'"''Was "itmorgJ^^tfcs f' .shakmjj'piitMi h^indkerfcHief Sfrpin 'his pbcket.' "" i : don l 't' 5 finowJ sir. it seemedlikera bighand- -kercherand^as about^that there colptf o'ybur'k." out that two or three had. >vprn very large ones, something tfte >:^bur Teal's. So that igitone f^ord; fHaray D^ce. JDid; ypji see Ferrar ^thtis neckerGMef!offi;thiat day?"" vefy s hot-4--~ and never put 'em-pn-again all day." 7 Thecoroiieraiid j m-ytalked^ together, and .then Hirry Dance was told to repeat the evidence* he had - jgiven -th'e : day ; before. 'He went over it again : the sounds of qnarrelling and the words ;in the vpiiseAje hadisupposed tobe King's^-''Oh don't, don't .' you'll throw me over/' ; " Had Ferrar his neGkerGliief on when yon m et him soon after this ?" question^ Captain Chamberlain.:: , ; .' • " I think lie had, sm :I think if he'd not, I should ha' noticed it. I'm nearly as sure as 1 can be that it warn't off." : When Dance was done, \yith, Mark Ferrar was begun riippn again. " What induced you to go off from your home \- ^ i e - to; v-; "-I went to .South Crabb,iir.''- " I don't ask you where you wont, I ask why -you went!" .-.;: •' : * ^" I go ov^r there, sometimes, ,.sii'. I told Sally I was going." ' " Can'tyouunderstandmy questiorus? Why did jou go V • . , " Nothing particular made me, sir. Only that I had got some money ;. and I.was feeling so sorry that the' little lame boy was. dead, I couldn't bear to be still." " : "Toil have been punished often, Mark Ferrar, for going ofE on these'expeditions ?"- cried one of the jury. " I used to be, sir-. Father has leathered me for it at home and Clerk Jones at. school. I can't do without ;going, out a bit. I wish I yra& a sailor." " Oh, indeed ! Well—is there, one of your companions that jou can suspect of having harmed this poor Uttle 'bby^accidehtally. r or otherwise ?" "Noj sir. It's being said that he was pushed over in ill-feeling, or else by accident; but it 4on't seem likely." : " Did you push him over yourself ?" • "Me?" returned Ferrar, in surprise. "Me push liim oyer!" "As far as. we can learn yet, no one was with him there but you." "I'd have saved him .from it, sir, if I'd been there, instead of harming him. When he sent me away he was all right, and not sitting anigh the edge. If it was. me that had done it, sir, he'd not have asked for mis.to go up to him in his room—and shook hands—and said I should see.him in Heaven." Mark Ferrar broke down at the remembrance \ jth a burst nd <=obbed Jike a ch Id I don t •believe one single.person"present "thought it/was he especially. thp f coroner"and jjuy.di. But the question was—wh cji ^f the other boys.could. it have been 7 > Several of them were caliedbefore Jthe'coroner. One and all declared they had done Jno harmjtothe dfeceasedr^had ®ot'been near him to do — would-uot have done it if tiieyjiad been—did not know ihe had been s ttmg.jir the,place, talked'of —did not (most of them) know where the spot In short they denied it utterly. come find out anytiiing. He did not believe one of Ms boysTiaa been in ltT 'tKey"were miscEIevous" enough- as .lie well knew.Tand TCmetimes4fiCeit^il, enough ; but -they" all -%eemed N to ! b"£,'' "and- he' -hoixestly.beuemjdj^za^.oimocent.oithis..-.— The room was cleared^while the jury deliberated. Their verdictwas to the efEect that Kingsley Sanker had died from .falling. qver portion of one of the Malvern Hids/ l?u"t whether, thrall! was-caused by accident, or rtfotj !there' \tas;hot sufficient evidence to show.. " , ,. . * ., : ;It was late when it was" ov^r." ' Getting 1 dusk. In turning out of the inn, passage to the street, I remember the great buzz around and the people pushing one s elbowsj and I can't remember oiiich tnor-^s -H One Frog was there, it seemed to.meithatjTthere were-hmdreds.,;! stayed.at,Captain. Sanker's agaip that.night. Wafi ifent^p fo'bed 'aiter suppet 'atoll players ~=which the^ Captaan'iead'.-iiHe.isaid.-he could aotydivest; himself i of thie idea"'that it was a pure lafccident-^ior who : would be likely to harm' a Jh£lplessiad?-^and^^ >have been sbme passmg dispute CoMwted with tother people. H . • . - • i nf^qflie along ^JohMy'i -this one -cairidle'il do candle-; hilh.' '' - -'A I kept close to Mm ias ; we' went by the room— ] the ifea.ims worse than any of -them -for passing it. He'and King had been «3.ost togetheiv Kii'g - followed him in age;' they- - had - always- -slept together and gone to school-togetherthe rest were older or younger; " I shan't jbe :a ;minute, Jplymy, and then you .can take_the. candle," said .he,-when he got . to thp top.. "Comein." . ... ' Before T had - 'well turned round after gettiig in, I declare Daiiliad rushed ! all his things ofEin a heap and leaped iato ibed. Poor ^King had not used' to be so quick, and Dan alwaysmade him put the light out. ; .. v ; . •; ; "'Go<M.TUght,'Daii.'.'v! _-r 'J i / - . " Good- night; JohnBy. J hope I shall get* to . ^ He put his .-head under the /bed: clothes as I rwent away :with the'.'candle. - I was Jiot^xnuch longer getting iiito bed either. The stars:were bright in> the sky. . ,. : -JJefore there wasitime. to -get to sleep, Dan (aine;bursting, in, shivering as on the past night, and asking to be let get:into -the bed. • I did' not mind his being in .the, bed—liked it rather; for cpmjjaay—bnt, I did think it ;a .great stupid pity that he should'be giving , way .to, these superstitious fears as though, he were a " Look' here, Dan :' I should be above it. One of the smallest of those. Frogs couldn't show out : more silly than this." ; : '' " He's in .my bed again, Johnny. Lying. down. I can't 1 '"You. kiow' that lie' is below in his coffin. With the room, door locked." . . . , •' : " I don't care—he's there in ; the'bed. You had no sooner gone with the light than King crept in ahdlaid beside me. He used to have a way pf puttmg liis left arm over me outside the 'clwbfe^ ifticl-lie i<iit it : %a•night,' , . ,; .• ; / ' "Dan!" ;; - ' ^ , " I tell you he did. Nobody would believe it, but he did. I felt it like a weight. It' was heavy, just as dead arms are. Jbhirny, if this goes ,on;, I shall die? Have you heard .what mamma says ?" • ' ' ? ' "No. what?" . . : " She' says site saw King last night. She couldn't; jsleep ;and by .and. by,, happening to, loot ? 'o\A' of bed, ^he -saw him^standing there. He was looking veiy i86ieimi,!&d; did not speak. She turned to awake papa, in spite of the way he goes on ridiculing such things, but When she looked:hext Knig had gone.- , I. wish he was buiied," Jphnny: I shouldn't think he could come "back into* the house, then. Should you ?" " He is not in it now—in that sense. It's all imagination." .. " Is it! I should like you to have been in my bed, instead of me : you'd have seen whether it was imagination Or' not. Do you suppose his arm across me was fancy ?" " Well, -he does not coriie in here. Let's go to sleep. Good night, Dan ?" Dan lay stiM for a good-bit, and I was nearly asleep when he awoke me sobbing. His face was "turned-the-other way. " I wish you'd kill me, Johnny." " Kill you !" " I don't care to live any longer without King. It's'so lonely. There's nobody now. Fred's getting to be almost a man. and Toby's a little duffer. King was best. I've many a time' snubbed him and boxed him, and I always put upoti him ; and—and now he's gone. I wish I- had fell down instead of him t" - "•"You'll get over it, Dan." " Perhaps. But it's such a thing to get over. And the time goes so slowly. I wish.it was this time next year !" - " Do you know what some of the doctors say ?" '•' What do they say ?" returned Dan. putting this top of hi! face out of bed. "Dr. Teal told Captain Sanker of it: I was by, and heard him. ~ They think that poor King would not have lived above another year,.or so; that there was no chance of his living to grow up. So you might have "lost him soon in any case. Dan." " But he'd have been here till then : he'd not have died, through falling down Malvern Hill. Oh, and to think that I was rough with him often!—and didn't try to help him when he w nted at — nd laughed at his poetry.! .Johnny,-- i vish you d kill me?!. 1 wish-it bad been me to fallo er instead of .Miin !" Jher -was not one of them, --that felt it- ass keenly a Dan-did but the chances were ;tha| he would forg t King the soonest. Dan was ofth t nnietuous warm nature that s all. fiie at first and all forgetfulness when the lite goeB, out. • ;-• ' •'- I went home the next day. Mr. Coney came into Worcester to attend the com market, and offered to drive me back in his gig. So I took myrleaverofi'the Sankersj/^pd -myWapt iook-jrfit? ^jfKingJn &is; ^Si^ • fne]^ <f.f ®nd"ay iiiBfc Peter's" 5 chureiiyard. The next news we had from Worcester was had,wanted Thim to. take sup some.trade ajt home ; but'Mkrlf ilaid he ivks^ot going'tto : 8tay*there to -he.teldjaMgy-dayiit -foat .hje.Mled SatL Sanker. For some of .the Frogs had taken up the notion that it must'have'T&en; he—why else, they asked, "did Ihe coroner and the rest of 'em want •folseg^his green ,ha.ndkerche£ sho£>k oiifc So''his father, who was just "as much 'hurt at 'the aspersions as Mark, allowed hM' to have his way and go to Sea ; in spite of Sally crying her eyes out. and foreW^g thithe would eomehomedrowned. iSiifk'was seat'to 'London to Sorie friendj.yho undertook to inaie the. hecessaTy aTfangeiiientR; he was boiind apprentice tothfe sea^an'd' shipped off in a trading vessel sailing for Spain.' •'••• '•' It was MichaelmM when we next wient In to Worcester, 'driving' in from ' Dyke Manor : : ; -the Sgjiire,"Mfs. Twttetley/ anU Tou'have heard tl&e; expeditibn -mehtioned "before, fpr it was the one when we hired the daii'ymaid, G-rizzel, at- St. Johii's mop: ; That, biisiness pver, we went down to' 'Cagfaih' Sanker's and foimd them' at home. :' .TS^y weie • all gettrng'pretty ' well over the death now, .eScept ' JDah. 1 Dari's. grief and iier- TOUsness .were : as' ; bad as ever;. ; .Worse, 'even. '.^Sft^]^. f&lKiiig;'df- iti' .-.-'• flHjn";•jgfiev^.'iJfMr' his- brothfer dreadfully: th'ey were'^lways^mpa^ions y-ou : see," ;said -the captarni 1 't ! " r'lie^'has^^'fbolish^^fanCies also V tMnks he 'sfee^'King-con'tanually. 5 We'vehad to put him : to sWep with Fi-ed downstairs; for nothing would persuade hini that King, poor fellow, -did: not cbmfe and- ; get- into "his - old place ih^bed.. The night the poor lad was buried, 'Dan startled the whole house upf he- flew down the stairs crying "and shrieking, and saying-that King was there. We don't know what to "do-: he seems to' get worse, rather than better. Did yoii notice how thih' he has becomfc V'< • : . : • • Like a bag o'bones," said the'isquire. Ay. Some days he is so:nerv©us and ill he can't go to school. I never knew such a thing • for my part. I was for trying flogging, but his mother wouldn't have it." " But^-do:you mc^n to tell us,-Sanker,-that he fancies 'he- see's King's glw$t? p - cried the squire, in great'amazement. ' ; - : " Well, : I isuppose so," answered the. Cajotain. " He fancies he sees him : • and poor King, as far as this world's concerned, can be nothing but a ghost now. The other evening, when Dan had been commanded to. the-head master's house for something, connected with the studies .and de-- tained till after dark, he came rushing in with a white face and his hair all wet, saying he had met King under the elm trees, as he was running back .through the green towards' Edgar. Tower. • How -can you deal, with such a case.?" ; " I should say flogging would be sis good as anything,said • the squire, decidedly. . . " So I thought at fii-sti He's too ill for it now. There's nothing, hardly, left of him to flog.". , . " Captain Sanker...there, is only one thing for you to do," put in Mrs. Todhetley. " And that is, consult a clever medical man." "Why, my dear lady, we have taken him. to pretty nearly all the medical men in Worcester,-' cried the captain. " Dr. Hastings attends' him now." "And what do the doctors s^y.?" , '.' They think that the catastrophe of King's un-'. happy death has seized iapon the lad and brought on a sort of hypochondriacal affection. One of them said it was what the French would call a 'maladie des nerfs.' Dan seems so full of selfreproach, too." " What for?" - " Well, for not having made more of Kingwhen he was living. And also, I think, for having suffered himself, to fall asleep that day after dinner: he thinks, I conclude, that had he been awake'-he might have been with King, and sosaved him. But, as I. tell hiin, there's nothing to reproach himself with in that: he could not foresee that King would meet with the accident. The doctors say now that he must haVe' change of air, and be got away .altogether. They recommend the sea." . " The sea! Do you. mean sea air ?" " No ; the sea itself ; a vpyage : and Dan's wild to go. A less complete change than that, they think, will be of little aval], for his illness borders almost—almost upon lunacy. I'm sure, what with one thing and another, we seem to' be in for a peck of misfortunes," added the captain, 9 rumpling his hair helplessly. . " And shall you let him go to sea ?" " Well, I don't know. I stood out against it at first. Never meant to send a son of mine to sea ; that has always been my resolution. Look at what I had to starve upon for ever so many years—a lieutenant's half pay—and to keep my wife and bring up my- children upon-it! You can't imagine it, squire; it's cruel. Dan's too old for the navy, however ; and, if he does go, it must be into the merchant service. I don't like that, either: we regular sailors never do like it, we're above it; but there's a better chance of getting on in it and of making money." " I'm sure I am very sorry fop-it altogether," said Mrs. Todhetley. " A sailor cannot have any comfort." \- " I expect he'll have to go," said the captain ruefully: " he must get these ideas out of his head. It's such a thing, you see, for him to be always fancying he sees King." " It is a dreadful thing." " My wife had a brother once who was always seeing odd colours wherever he looked : colours and shadows, and things. But that was not as bad as this. /His doctor-called it-nerves : and I conclude Dan-takes lafter him./ „ j \- "My dear. I think4)an t-akessafte* your side, not mine--' -calmly putan^MwfTsflnker; who had her -hau- flowmg-aud somet^ng iblaok m it that -looked like a feather. vHenfe apyery passionate, you know: . and I-could..not-go into <a passion if I tried "I suppose he takes afterMis both.:.returned Captain bankei 111 vow he ne\er"got his superstitious from me: or -from anybody belonging to me. We may be of a passionate nature, •we Sai^r&rOHt; we ?aon c see ghosts. twop; time after that, Dan was off -to- seL^-A large -shipping firm, trading fi-om London to India, took him as midshipman. -The-ship- •was—called- e vessel of about fourteen hundi-ed tons, bound for some port out there. When Captain. Sanker came back from shipping him off, he was full of ipiBt^~ana" "saia"DSii^Ss gured"^already." "No sooner was Dan amiast«the bustle of London, than his fears and fancies all left him. 7 Itfwasjsqmetnnf ill |he^iu^e of ^he^xt spring ^getfing on for summer'; l Sanker gave up his house in Worcester and went abroad, somewhere into, Germany. Partly, from motives ^Of : eedriomy,f6r'theyiiadno idea of Waving, and i somehow ^spent > ihore • thah their 'Sincome; partly to see if change wojild; get jap Mrs, Sanker's health.; which' was failing. After "that, we heard nothing more of them : and a year or two went on/: : , • ; ..' ; :'.:•''.- .) " Please, sir, her.e's a" .young man asking to see you." . ' ' . ., ... " A yoiing man'asking to see me,"- crifed the squire—we were just- finishing dinner. "Who is it, Thomas?" ' - . ? "I don't knW, sif;'' repUed61d r Th6mas. Some smart young fellow dressM' as a^ sailori -'I've sho>Ved;hiih into your'room; sir." ; '' '' * ' •' "Go aiid see who it'is, Johnny." ' '. • TtwaS tin'e' 'i&d;'w% : w!&re;'iit i 'fidfiie'at Dyke Manor. 1 went on to the little' square room. You have been in it, too." Opposite the squire's old bureau and undemeath the map pf WaTwickshire on' the wall; sat the " sailor. : He; had good blue clothes on and a turned down white -collar, and held a straw hat in his hand. Where had I seen the face?—A very: red-brown honest face, with a mouth as wide as Molly's rolling-piu. Wider, now that'it'was smiling.! He stood upland turned hils straw hat about a little nervously." "You've forgot me, Master Johnny. Mairk' Ferr aij' please', sir." Mark Ferrar it tvas,' looking shorter and broader: and I put'outTiiy hand to him. I take my likes and dislikes, as you have already heard, and can ? t help taking them : ; and Fenrar'was one whom I always liked,: ,• " Please, siiv I've made hpld to comeover here," he went on. " Captain Sanker's left Worcester, they tell me, ;and,I can't , hear wher^ he's to be found. And, theTeals, they've left-. I've bronght news to him from his,son; ;ilr. Dan :: and father said I'd ;better, come, over here and tell it, and maybe Squire Todhetley' might get it sent to the captain." "Have yon seen'anything of Mr. Dan, then?" '.'I've been with him nearly all the time, Master. Johnny. We served on the same ship: he. as middy and. me as working- apprentice. Not but what-the middies be apprenticed just as sure as us. . They don't do just our rough work, the. cleaning, and that,, and they mess apart; but that's .pretty, nigh 'all the difference,'' \- " And how are you getting ,on, Mark ?" . " First rate, sir. The captain and officers are satisfied with me, and; when I've served my four years I shall go up to pass for second mate. . I try to improve myself a-bit in other learning at odd moments too, sir, seeing I didn't have niuch. It may be of use .to. me if I ever get up a bit in life. Mr. Dan, he—' ; " But.'look here, Ferrar," I interrupted, the recollection «triking.me. " How came you and Mr. Dan to sail together ? You were on a small home-coasting barque: hewentinanlndiaman.'' " I .was in the barque first of ail, Master Johnny, and tpok a voyage to Spain and. back. But our owners, hearing a good report of me, that 1 was likely to make a smart and steady sailor, put -me on their big ship, the jiangalvrc. In a d&y; or.two Mr. Dan Sanker came." " And how is he; getting on ? Does he—" " If ;ypu please, Master Johnny, I'd like to tell what I've, got to teH about him to the squire, " he interrupted. " It's for that, sir, I've come all the way over here." . So 4 sailed the squire in. The following was the condensed substance of Fer-rar's. narrative. What with; his way of .telling it, and what' with :the squn-e's interruptions, it was rather long. "Mr. Dan joined the ^Bangalore the day we sailed, sir. When he saw rue as one of the sailors he started-back as if I shocked him. But in a week or two, when he had .got round from'his sea-:sickness, he grew friendly, and sometimes talked a bit. I used to bring up Master King's death, and say how sorry I was for it—for you see, sir, I couldn't bear that he -should think it true that I had had a hand in it. But he seemed to hate the subject; he'd walk away if I begun it, and at last he said he couldn't stand the talking about King; so I let it be. Our voyage was a long one, for the ship went about from port to port. Mr. Dan—" "What sort of a sailor did he make?" interrupted, the squire. "Well, sir, he was a good smart sailor at his work, but he got to be looked upon as rather a queer kind of young man. He couldn't bear to; keep his night watches—it was too lonely, he-said; and several times he fell into trouble for calling up - the hands when "there was nothing to call 'em up for. At Hong Kong he had a fever, and they shaved his head ; but he got well again. One evening after we had left Hong Kong. and were on our way to San Francisco, I was on deck— a'most dark, it was—when Mr. Dan comes; down the rigging all in a heap, just as if a wild cat . was after him. ' There's King^^up there,' he says to me: and Mr. Convoy, do what he would, couldn't get him up again. After that he.went about the ship-peeping and peering, always fancying King was hiding up somewhere and going to pounce ouTaira" meefTHm. The- captairTeaia"£is fever was coming back :^Mr: : . Dan said it was not fever, it was King. I tbldhim pne-day.wha;t;li thought —that rMaster King had been, flung;dcSwn--; ^that it was. not accideat—p-felt J as" siii-e/of it; as though T ; h ad -seen- it donfe. I It seemed to put bimup, sir. Who did-fancy had done it,-orwould- do,it,.'hei asked; me "all in anger'-:' and-1 said I did not know, who; but.if ever I got-back to Worcester I'd leave not a stone unturned*to find out.'- ^Well, "sir, he, got worse : worse in his fancies, and worse aslo sickness.' He- was see-• ing King always at night, and he had dysentery and ague, and got so'weak that he could hardly stand/ One of thecaljin boys -took Sick and died on board. The night he lay below, dead, Mr. Dan burst into the saloon; saying it was 1 King who was below, and perhaps he'd never go out of the ship'again; MT: Gtooy-^-he was ;the chief mate, sir—humoured'- h-ita, telling^ hiin, riot to fear, thai if ifc' ; was" King 1 -he would be buried deep iri the seia on the morrow : : but"'Mr. Dan said'he'd never stop in -the sea any more than he tiad : stopped in his grave in St;-Peter's churchyard at home'; he'd be -back in the ship again." v ' - ' '' '" '"• ' - " Dan Sanker must, have been -mad," called : out the squire. "..-•'•'"• "Yes," sir, 1 1 think he was ; leastways hot right. In a day or two he had to be fastened- down in his berth with-*brain"f ever,"; and-Mr.-Conroy said that as he .had known me in, the past days I had better be the-onb tto' sit^th'hin^ tfoi heicoTildn't be left. I was quite took-aback to hear what he said in his multeniigis,Lahd hoped-it wasn't true." " Did h e get .well again . " Just for a day or: two, sir. The fever left him and he was in the shockingest gtate of weakness you could imagine. The-night before he died— The. squire started -up. • " Dan- Sanker's not dead, Ferrar 1 !" " Yes he is, sir. It's what I've come totell of." " Goodness bless me •! Poor Dan dead ! Only think of itj Johnny!'' _ _ • : ; But I was not surprised. From the moment Ferrar first spoke, an instinct had been upon me that it was so. He resumed. " Everything was done for him that J COHM be, sir, We had a doctor-onboard—a passenger gfnhg to Californi^-^but he -could not "save him. He said when it came to" such awful weakness as that, there could be no saving. Mi 1 . .Conroy and the other officers ivere very kind to Mm ; the skipper too : but they could do-nbthing. All his fears seemed ; tio be gone then ; we could hardly hear his'whiSpers, but he was sensible and calm. He said hie knew God had forgave hiiri for what he did, and would blot his sin but, and King had forgave him too, and had come to tell him so : he had been to him in the night and talked and smiled happily and said over tb him a verse of ' Lord Bateman'——" : And you say he was in his senses. Ferrar ?" " Yes, sir, that he was. That riight he made a confession, Miv Odnroy .and the- doctor and me being by him. It was him that killed King." " Bless my heart !" cried the squire. " lie had seen me' sitting with King that afternoon at Malvern, and heard him saying the verses to me. It . put his temper up frightful, sir, me being one -of their enemies, the Frogs ; but he says if' he'd known it was me that snatched King out of the'fight on Saturday; he'd not have, minded so much. It must have been him that King saw coming, Master Johnny; when he told me, all in a hurry, to go away. He rushed on 1 to King and began abusing him and 1 knocking him : King was unsteady through Ms weak leg, and one of the knocks sent him over. Dan says he w ; as frightened a'most to death ; he caught up Dr. Teal's handkercher from a chair and ran to the Well with it ; he was too frightened to go and-see after King, thinking be had killed him ; and he sat down outside and made as if he went to sleep. He never meant to hurt King, "he said ; it was only passion ; but he had drank a lot of strong ale and some wine atop of it, and hardly knew what he was about. He said he had never had a minute since but what he had been sorry "for it, and he had been always seeing King. He asked me to show Mm the verses that had been gave to me that King wrote out, ' Lord Bateman—for I had got them with me at sea, sir—and he kissed them and held them to hiin till he died." • " Dear, dear!" sighed the squire. "And that's all, sir," concluded Ferrar. " Mr. Conroy wrote out a copy of his confession, which I brought along with me to Worcester. Mr. Dan said I was to tell his father, and my own folks, and any other friends I liked that had thought me guilty, and I promised him. He was as placid as "a child all the day after that, and died at sundown, so happy and peaceful that it lyas a'most like Heaven." Ferrar br°ke off with a sob ; Poor Dan ! And that was the final upshot of the Day of Pleasure. He and King are together again. JOHNNY LUDLOW. 