FACETIAE. WIIAT is tlmt tf you take the whole nwav, some will remain ?—The word wholesome. Wn Bliould 60 live that none will believe those who spenlt ill of us.—Plato Why is a culm man like a school teachor? —Because be keeps cool AN exchange remarks—Wo enn see no earthly reason why woman should not be allowed to become medical men." A DOWN EAST editor announces through the columns of bis paper tho loss " of a cloth cloak, belonging to a gentleman lined with blue."' PHILOSOPHICAL happiness is to want little and enjoy much ; vulgar happiness is to want much and enjoy little. A RNUDENT match-making mnmma gaye tbe following candid advice to her daughter: " Oh, marry tho man you love, girl, if he is as rich as Creesus." " The glorious moonlight was 6hut out last evening by the storm clouds, from which were flung a flurry of tbe glittering crystals which delight the schoolboy's heart. " Them's the language used by an exchnnge to announce a snowstorm. " THE result of hard drinking has been variously described. In a case before tbe Sheriff of Dundee the other (fay, a witness stated that one of the parties could not appear because he was " superannuated with drink just then." THE flowery reporter of an eastern paper says—" fn the pale translucent moonlight wh'ch now lightly bathes the earth, the distant roar of tbe falls, tbe weird note of the peacock and the hoarse Bnort of the bull calf makes life up town a perpetual romance." A PHILADELPHIA paper says:—"We are living on the very verge of asocial revolution," and an exchange suggests that the best thing the aforosaid paper could do would be to move off tbe dangerous premises. MOST people have an antipathy to stay in tbe dark. Some are frightened. It is popularly believed that this aversion springs from a childish fear of ghosts and hobgoblins ; but it is from the state of utter helplessness in which people find themselves who are not accustomed to be in darkness. A GOOD STORY is told of a shrewd bnt not over-honest stock-raiser in a neighboring colony, who took the first prize at an agricultural 6how for a bull on which he had fitted a handsome pair of horns taken from a dead animal, and whose skin he bad puffed out artificially in various places to conceal defects, with numerous other deceptive contrivances, which he said he had learned by from time to time watching his wife as she'made her toilette for a ball or party. A MARRIED WOMAN in Decatur, Ohio, the other day, pining for her husband's society, went with her three little children to the biiliard-room, and took a seat by his side. " Its disgraceful," said he, looking daggers at ber.—" I know it,'' continued the fnjured wife, " and you have born the disgrace so long, my dear, that I am determined henceforth to share it with youand she took out her knitting and settled down for the evening. He went home much earlier, and it was the last of him that was seen in that billiard- room. THE following graphic description of a " Dolly Vardeo " will interest lady readers:— The starboard sleeves bore a yellow hop- vine in full leaf, on a red gaound, with numbers ofg-rey birds, badly mutilated by the seams, flying hither and thither in wild dismay at (he approach of a green and black hunter. An infant class was depicted on the back, tbe mnkiug up of tbe garment scattering truant scholars up and down the sides and on the skirts, while a country poultry fair and a group of bounds hunting, badly demoralised by the gathers, gave tbe front a remarkable appearance. The left eleeve had on it the alphabet in five different languages." AT a bouse where Dean Swift was once dining, the lady of the mansion boasted much of ber family, observing tbat as ber name began with a de it must necessarily be of old French extraction. When she had finished, " Now," says the dean, " I will thank you, madam, to help me to a little of that dumpling. " SIR Nicholas Bacon being once in the capacity of Judge on tbe poiht of passing sentence upon a fellow just found guilty of robbery the culprit greatly importuned bim to save his life, and, among other things, alleged he had the honor of being one of His Lordship's relations. " How do you prove that V said Sir Nicholas. " My Lord replied tbe man, " your name is Bacon and my name is Hog, and hog aad bacon have in all ages been reckoned akin." " That is true," answered tbe Judge, " but hog is never bacon until it has been hung, and, therefore, until you are hung, you can be no relation of mine. " AN American paper tells the following story of tbe sad consequences of boyish mischief:— " A rather contemptible trick was played on one of our young clerks on Sunday night. He bought a cut glass bottle of cologne, with a glass stopper and pink ribbon, to present to a young lady he is keeping company with; but on reaching tbe bouse he felt a little embarrassed, for fear there were members of tbe family praent, so left the beautiful gift on the stoop end passed in. .The movement was observed by a graceless brother of the young lady who appropriated the cologne for bis own use, and re-filled tbe bottle with hartshorn from the family jar, and then bung round to observe the result. In a little while the young man slipped out to the 6toop, and, securing the splendid gift, clipped back again into tbe parlour, where, with a few appropriate I words, lie pressed it upon the blushing girl. Like the good and faithful daughter that she was, she at once hurried into the presence of her mother, and the old lady was charmed. They didn't put up scent stuff like that when' she was a girl; it was kept in a china tea cup, and WBS held together by samples of all tbe family's bair. She was very much pleased with it. She drew out the stopper, laid the beautiful petals of her nostrils over the aperture, and fetched a pull at the contents that fairly made them bubble. Then BIIO laid the bottle down and, picking up a brass-mounted fire-shovel instead, said she, as soon as she could say anything, ' Where is tbat miserable brat ?' He, all unconscious of what had happened, was in front of a mirror adjusting bis necktie and smiling at himself. Here she found him, and said to him, 'Ob, you are laughing at the trick on] an old woman, are yon, you wall-eyed leper V And then she basted him one on the ear. And he, being by nature more eloquent with his legs than bis tongue, hastened from thence, howling' like mi to the gate bv that brass-mounted 6hovel. He says be would give everything on earth if he could shake off the impression that a mistake hud been made." 