YACKANDANDAH SHIRE COUNCIL. An ordinary meeting of this Council was held on Thursday Present—The President, and Crs. Pooley, Mongan, O'Callaghan, White, Woodland, and Robinson The minutes of the prcviouB meeting were read and confirmed; • ' c'on'nESPONDENCE. Amongst other correspondence, the follow ing. letters were road:— "From : UndarrTreasurer, Melbourne,. enclosing.accpunt for £700 for the Treasurer's signature,: being first instalment of Government subsidy.—Attended to. . • From the Towong Road Board, offering to submit what the.secretiiry termed the disputed t boundary to the .surveyors of the two bodies, with ppwer to call, iu un arbitrator. This «vas a case in which a Mrs. Huon, who had always, previously paid rates to the Shire of VHckaudaii(inli, had now been induced to pay them to the Towong .Road Board. On the motion of Cr- O'Callaghan, seconded, by Cr. Woodland, the proposal of the Towong Road. Board was acceded to. From the Assistant Commissioner of Roads and Bridges, returning plans, &c.;, for two bridges at the Kiewa Valley, and stating tbat they were approved, and would be placed on the list for the consideration of the Minister for the next financial year. From the Indigo United District Road Board, returning plans, Jtc., for repairing the Barnawartha bridge, and approving ol the same, providing that the cost did not exceed £108 ?s. 6d., the estimate of the Yackandandali Shire engineer.—The secretary to be instructed to inform the Board that a tender for the work for n 6um of £90 had been accepted. From James Scott, Indigo Crook, com-, plaining of the action of Romero and Co. in removing gravel, rendering the only road to , his premises impassable, aud asking the Council to remedy the evil, or to advise him j in the matter.—Held over. From the Railways and Roads Depaatment, as follows :—"Sir, in reply to your letter of the 2?th ult., requesting that the road from the Iudigo Creek to the railway station at Barnawartha may be proclaimed a main road, I am directed-by the Commissioner to inform 1 you that the question of the construction of a branch line of railway to Beechworth will require to precede the con<iderntion of this application ; so soon as that is settled, your request will be dealt with ; it is not immediately uecessary to decide, as no new main road orders can be issued during the present financial year. I'have;the bonor to be, .ic., John Stkavenson, Assistant Commissioner. —No action. From James Lawson, Kiewa, giving notice that he would hold the council responsible for any damage done to his house or property through the road being filled up, so as to stop the water in times of flood flowing over the ground free, or for any damage which might lie caused by the works now being done at Kieiva by the council's directions.—No action require!. From R. Holmutli and Co., offering to complete works sit Indigo Creek within a tnonili, by putting in four new beams instead of those condemned by the engineers, provided the culverts were to be in the same place, and also to cut the extra drains required at schedule prices.—No action. From James Dickson, asking for a month's extension of time for the completion of his contract for grubbing- and clearing at Indigo Creek, as no traffic was interlered with, and the continuous dry weather had destroyed the work.—Granted. From John Maginness, John M'Cullough, and Peter Fok, to the same effect, with reference to their contracts—Granted. TENDERS. The Public Works Committee's report stated that the following tenders had been received for the works specified, and recommended the acceptance in each case of the lowest tender:— Bridges near Lawson's, Kiewa Valley.—J. Dixon, L54Q; T. A. Ramsay, 348; Hamlin and Carter, L518; Creely and Gumble, L542 10s; M. Allen, L587 10s Od; T. Rankin and Co, L457 17s 7d. Upper Kiewa road, near Marum's.—M. wllen; L30 8s 'Hunt and Mongan, L35; II. Pettiford, L3G 3s.' Upper King road, at Seymour's lane ifcc.— M. Allen, L20 lis 4d; JaB. Dixon, L67 4s-, Hunt and Mongan, L59 10s; H. Pettiford, LHO. ' ' • r Repairs.—Approaches to bridge over Yackpndandah creek, near Street's—M: Allen, LI8; Hunt and Mongan,- L18; J; Dixon, 1,15 ; II. Pettiford, L9 10s: Repairs &c;, to Barnawarthu bridge.—J. Fitzgerald, L90. Improvements in William-street, Yackandandab.—M, Allen, L37 12; H. Pettiford, L20 10s.' ••;•' i Th6 works'nt Middle creek, Main Wodonga road.—M. Allen, L70 12s ; Creely and Duinble,L35 10a.' • Clearing river and screwing up bridges, near Lawson's Kieivh ; Vsl1ey'.^M: ,!! Allenj 4j50 f Creely hnd Ddlnble,'!L4!7 10s ! l T; Rnnkih ai&d; Go, L77 ;'• Hunt" and MsrigBh; iAty JdtnBs :; v ! Dixon,'L40. ' •" ' ' •' GrBVt1lh)'g' road 'ifrom ' iWoodei ibridgV-te ; ^fr Dfiiikim^M. .SCHfefa,. 049 10s;'J. fotid'T j 'Pettifii^, ? L2.916s;' ' - \- OlefcHdg liuthferglen'rba^ from J. and C.. Smith's' cbntrnct -to-' Wahgittiyah road:—Mi AUen, !i: LB0 8s; J. ; bnd ! P.Crellin;- L65 I8s J- J.. MagiPnbS6,'.' ! L31 10sV H. 'Pettiford,' M3 4*:; •- 1 '' •*;• ,i,,jmfe(lriiig : tlie ! lttitherglen rdad, fnm Dr|y Creeft'^ ^'rlffin's farm.—M. Allen, L75; Ji^ ,pnd P.MDKIIIU? 1J80; 'j". M'sjinnefes;' LfiS j'H-j' I»ettiftra; LGM6S- ! l-r. •'!.', l.vL'he 'Pi 1 tiideht' ; said r St/wfls' Important "to-, 'lcno#-°W'-ittulrti' tnmtoj wos -) 6v&ilal;)le; and ! niter'febVrip deBaltory,' and,'for the mbst part,'- inaudible'COtrtSrsatmri, "id 'tbe'Wiotion-of trfl^dllfl^hdH- ' sbBonded 'by- Cr' White, • <tlie; i«por|; ofthe "Finance ••' Committee! VvaB 1 , jJtreCELLAKEOtJS 'It'WW iioved by Cr fiobinsorij seooiided 6y It' Wa6' : feo'v?fl' 1 by • Ct "Wood^ihi,' 'seoondedl by prllobi4i^',''tDdt:6m6a;tih4tMrKomt J roi itheicontractor. he requested'-lio'irtti^nvd grnvwli he pad dnposited lonithe t one-ohaih load,: i)4arl Ripliardson's, Old Barnawartiia. There wai a gpod .de^ iof^Sconserflationi bh :tbe leubjiictj •but as there were several subsidiary :conv.ersar! lions going on among the councillors, it was impossible for our reporter to catch the meaning of the speakers. . • 11 ^vas moved by. Cr Woodland, seconded by Cr Robinson, and carried, that -Messrs Coin, Dalrymple, and Co be requested to repair the above-mentioned one-chaiq road,: injurios having been cnusod by the removal of gruvel.. • It was moved by. Cr Woodland, that Crs Poolev, Robinstm; Wilson, White, O'Callaghan and the mover be appointed inspectors of roads under the seal of the council during •their term of office. Cr Woodland said that there wbs a great need of constant supervision being exercised over the public works going on iu the shire, much more so than the. engineer could possibly do. At present the councillors had no, specific authority to interfere, but he. thought his motion would meet the diBjculty. He had omitted the names of the' president and Cr Mongan) as they lived in the town. Cr. Robinson remarked tliat if the motion were carried the new inspectors would have no powers. The'motion was seconded by Cr. O'Callaghan, and carriei). ft was moved by Cr. Woodland, seconded by Cr. Pooley, and carried, that the engineer prepare plans end specifications for a small culvert on the Middle Creek road, near Wodonga, by nept meeting of Council.' It was moved by Cr. White, seconded by Oc. Pooley', and carried, that the engineer be instructed to survey the proposed deviation of the Yackandandah und Beechworth road to Fiddes's, and report to the Council at his earliest convenience on the gradients required, and the probable cpst of making such road fit for traffic, the engineer to be allowed assistance to the extent ol' L3. On the .recommendation of the Finance Committee, several accounts were passed f r payment. Cr O'Callaghan said that the three-chain road to allow of cattle crossing the Murray, which had been surveyed by the Government, had never been proclaimed. Fences were going up rapidly, aud the land might be selected so as to stop the road altogether. He moved that the department be asked why this the only three-chain road from below Albury to Wodonga, had not yet been proclaimed, and when it would be so, as such proclamation was urgently required. This was seconded by Cr Mongan, and carried. 11 was moved "by Cr O'Callaghan, and seconded by Cr Poolv, and carried, that the . department be requested to move tlie. police, fence on the. eastern side of the Wodonga creek, so as to leave a two-chain road, as at present the passage was difficult, and even dangerous, a mau having been killed there lately. Moved by Cr White, seconded by Cr Robinson, and carried, that Cr Woodland, and all future returning-officers . at non-contested elections for the shire council, receive a fee of L2 2s. Cr O'Callaghan pointed out the great inconvenience occasioned, to contractors and others, by the present order of the business of the council. These men frequently came from a long distance, and sometimes had to wait till late at night, or even till next day, for the cheques due to them, which not only caused expense, but kept them from their business. He moved tbat for the future after the minutes had been read, the Public Works committee's report should first be dealt with, and then that of the Finance committee, the other business subsequently to proceed in thu usual order. In making the motion, he suggested that wheu these tivo reports bad been dealt with, some councillor might read the correspondence while, the secretary filled up the required cheques. Should any alteration in the byeluu-s be necessary, to allow of .this change, he would give notice .of motion for such alteration. This was seconded by Cr Woodland, and carried. After some consultation, it was resolved that no alteration in the bye laws was needed. Cr White moved, seconded by Cr Robinson, and it was carried, that tenders be called for the purchase of the old Wodonga bridge, and that Cr O'Callaglian be authorised to accept the highest. Cr O' Callaghan moved that the preliminary agreement produced by Cr O'Callaghan with Mr Ballard be completed in accordance with the term of said agreement; ond that the Secretary and engineer'take the necessary proceedings-in accordance with'the Shires Statute to complete the transfer of the said Ballard's land— thatfs, that portion of it comprising the proposed road to the Mitta'Mitta River, at the contemplated site for the proposed bridge over the said'river at Bonegilla—and ; that the engineer makb the necessary plans, &c;, that may be'required for the due completion of the said road. - - - :;•-.• Ci" O'Callaghan called the attention of the council to the fact that at the last meeting of the Council it had been asserted tbat Mr Nome had stated that it was the intention of the Towong District Road Board to close the road leading to Newnan's punt. He (Cr O'Callaghan) had "since received' a letterfrom the Towtmjj-Board; ^whicli lie 're'a<i]i to tlie effect th^t Mr Norrie denied having mode Buck a etatement to Cr RoWnSOn, "and that the Towong ! Board-had- iio$titehtit)n 'of'closing the- ¥o'ad."' , On ihe : 'occasion : of' 'the. -Wsit 6f tlie -MlqUtef of Railways lb the district,' the qnealibri -was'btoifghfttddel- bftf hotifce, 9 ahilMlTtw )tlie receipt ofTtbte IBtteV fife lifld'reSd^Tfom'tiifi ^wOng Boiird; he ho^cd" nb'fu'r'thfer Mstftfleii would bfe thrd'wnin the "Wa^'of carryin'g'tth't 1 the.troirlc'.i^Auire^ - rr?l <•".•• - <> v Cr."\VoodlHtea , 'Blippotted the'-VJeW ttrireri <by Gr. 0'Calla^lian,'6frd s6bo'pded liiimbtiobi' » "Cr.'jRo'birison said 'ilie^liad' beai'd one s)de of, tli'e/queslipn '; "Kbey sli'iiHd : '41so''hiaV 't|i4i 'b'ther." ! Hie; JieltOn" hip li^d j-eport'ioif tw. lapt bieeting of the Towpng 'ftdnd Bph'r^/fis •|iubhsljeij-'in the' Vvens~and 'jfurr i iiy : 'A'dv ' tiHeri^Wlitcli'.puta very differint''complexion 'Si thfl'te'itter.' jdifteV^' 7witli the rfcjiprmr, , 'pnd the ^Ueitibn" was,"Wlii(ih 'wai true abp.wbicli''WB6 'nbt.'''|,lie ! (iCK 1 R , obihfl6ti) wrs prei^i-ed to'piakfe'a statitory'dSclariitidn that 'Mh-K^'rr.ib^'lja^' satft )tliat .'thi' Towong 'Board ofSp'refl^to changi otie^olid fof an'otlier. 1 '''^Tli|Jtjre'6Meiit;said( flint geiieral 1 'wfsli Was to'Ifpiji'ili'e'poafl' 1 wii'pfd'] it jw4fc' !-! No ! arimu D. lb wvuiii uub wane n uiiicidiiud u^l ' 'tnofe than a piile and n half and it would <6«s| Wgpf latee ! Wditnt^o'fflilM tlre'rtfeicest :wVy ^piWttMi'AW".Tli^v diH ilWft'inf ttf'tatiW uwwiT ruwv II" -.V- -.iu , I .-.In, f •... it li' Cr. Woodland said the matter would,i it, and would never rest till the work wai accomplished. :If the proposal had failed to please the President, it had not failed to please the public, the department, #nd travellers generally. The President said that, when in Melbourne recently, be had enouired if the department wa^'prepared 'to subsidise the -two bodies for this-work, and was told they had no money to do 60. Cr. Mongan said that the insinuation that there was an attempt to divert traffic from Wodonga to Yackandandah, was simply absurd. Fropi Newnan'e it- was' 11 miles to •Wodonga and • 2G to Yackahdaridnb. • (A lengthy and warm argument across the table bore: occurred between Crs. Mongan and Woodland.)" ' • Cr Mongan' : c6htinued that he thpught Wodonga was foolish to obstruct tbe completion of au existiag bridge. Cr O'Callaghan in reply, said, .with regard to the .advantages ,of the new route,, which were denied , by the president, , .the bridge, at Newman's was. in a lagoon, and was inaccessible in wet weather. It would . cost more than two years' revenue of the riding to complete the approaches, whereas -an expenditure of £250 would give them a bridge over the riuer itself. It was said that the -approach on the other side was bad, but what did that matter, they would not have to pay for it. Several public meetings had been held at Wodonga, at which resolutions in favor of this road had been .passed. It would be cheaper, and it would save the Upper Murray people at least three miles. As he.bad said, the Yackandandah people were afraid of a ghost, as one crossing was as near to them as the other. The council had no right to dictHte to the rate-: payers of the North-East Riding, where their money should be spent, but they were afraid that the new road would do good to Wodonga. and therefore, opposed it. The road would. be opened independent of .this cabal(" cabal/' Cr O'Callaghan called it), for they would get: severance, which had been promised them, if tbey required it. . . . The motion, on being put; was earned by four votes to three, Crs O'Callaghan,' Woodland, Pooley, and White being for,' and the president, and Crs Mongan and Robinson against it. Cr Robinson moved, and Cr Mongan seconded, and it was carried after . much talk, that tenders' be. called for within two weeks for completing the approaches to Newnan's bridge at'Bonegilla, the president and Crs Mongan and Robinson to have power to deal" with tliem. ' ; ' Cr O'Callaghan moved, and Cr Woodland seconded, and it was carried, .that the secretary inform the Towong Road Board of what had been done, and ask if they were prepared to bring up a road to meet them. engineer's report. The engineer presented a report stating that the works completed' during tbe past month were the bridge at Newman's, the Main Wodonga road, and the footbridge at Staghorn. Flat. Approaches to Newnan's bridge were' required to make it of any service, which probably would not cost more than-L50. (2.)- The second clause of tbe report stated that the bridge over the Little River at'Bonegilla was being proceeded with in a satisfactory manner, but it would benecessary to cat down the sideling at the corner, of Humphrey's Paddock, and metal it, which would not costmore than L30. (3.) Certain portions of the' channels in Wodonga required cleaning out, and about 200 cubic pards of gravel should be spread on certain- parts of High-street. (4.) With reference to the proposed works at Middle Creefc bridge, and to meet the views of Cr Woadlands, • he had requested in the specifications that intending contractors should state a price for cutting through the hill, and roperly forming and metalling the road. (5.) S ecommended cutting a drain down Blorkley lane, to prevent the flooding of tbe Sydney road. (6 ) He was not, in the absence of b map, yet in a position to report on the damages to tbe Dry Creek road from the railway culvert which bad been complained of. (7.) Estimated tbe cost of a bridge at House Creek at L70:—To stand over. (8) Had found, after J examination ot tbe country at Berriman's, that no inconvenience was likely to result from the present track being fenced in.—No nctio>]. (9) Recommended the'necessity'of a footbridge being placed over the Yackand-' andab creek, 'which would cost £0. '(10) The works of clearing the Indigo Toad; and bridge over the Indigo creek were progressing in a satisfactory manner. 1 The report was adopted., . ; The collector reported that during the month he .had collected L6710s in tbe. North-east, and L29- in the : South- east Riding^ i • ' Reliable Recipes.—For corns, easy shoes; for bile, exercise; for rheumatism, new flannel and patience ; for gout,' toast and water; for the toothache,' a dentist; for debt, industry; and Tor love, matrimony.' Centipedes aijd Chickens.—Tbe following singular - adventure with a centipede has been -xommunicated-to the Warwick Argus —Dn last Sunday night Mrs John Affleck^ tof the Swan Crsek statiou, difiard some disturb-i -once -in a hencoop in which she had caged po'tneiguinea-fowl chickens, and proceeding.to tji$ spot^ and 'openihg tne coop to; ascertain; what-waB- thej causej'ishe.foundnne^ofJthe: cliiqlcebs struggling, us if in icolwilgibn»p*sMw J AflWk tookmp 3helnhiaken>tb exemiaeit,<and wqs iiorrified !mt finding ittfendtinou&cetitiinaie.;'fullyi'eightincheB'lbngjbadcoileda-ound lieV if hand: ib> aMnoment ;nsbe(was'hbwever, fortunate enough : to shake'jitioffiwithout:re> giving anyunjn'ry ; andia littlefurther.investig^tion showbdi her that onoiof (he olirckens had been.killed by the i centipede before-her arrival;-/i-ivi •i-ic li mil n* I.M| -JII '•!• •-- Cool ' PE'RspjtSj^-TVopen Jitj^nj'^^witii ei?- delicate_s^p,9p|iblp qrgafli^ti.one; cap' pcquire^ coolness; V|i-n |hp jposi' ablp jy.. Thoy' will learn to w§ar,.BfpiM^,',tan4V.S o y,®f intense, anxieties alioirt^tfck'cp^ pp^ B,,comipfr crash'jn'their JiMsbnnjj)^^^pff^iw,pr^ei|p|iys}cgil instructive .15 cpntemjilHte.' It 16, per^ps, ript 'altcgetliei'. true" tbjit the 'cpoli^ne^giajt on her' fellowj -doehe.L . r K l , .^-f oe ss paT.®"?!^ witlj jfiftripr .Oflstes,^ pj.pp.leji^ ^ill^l^fJDJI^f) i .. ,. /-II.1, .'l; Jl." ,,tj 'JIIIM:!!! T jrot/^S^W^^ ° Be > hiitrarc too'Tnefet with.— Change of Fortune—Tbe man Trevor, heir to an estate in Ireland worth £1600 a year, who has been advertised for for the last eighteen inbntli6, has turned up. He has been" shearing in' Southland during the past season, and has gone under the name of Edward Lloyd, lie is now in Dunediu cn route to Ireland: Tee Census.—The population of the Globe is usually estimated at ane thousand millions. A new and careful estimate based on the very latest retnrns has been published by twe competent German statisticians, and they calculate the present number of the earth's inhsbifants at tuirteen hundred and seventy- seven millions of souls, which is probably the nearest attainable approximation of the truth. Reading the Bible.—Tn the reign of Henry V, a law was passed against the perusal of the Scriptures in' England. It is enacted,' "That whatsoever they wer6 that should read tbe scripttures in the mother tongue,- tbev should , forfeit land, eatel, lif, and godes. from theyre beyres for ever; and so be condemned' for heretykes to God, enemies to tbe -crown, and raoBte errant traitors to tlie Iande." .: On Contrasting the above statute-with the indefatigable exertions that ere now Jbeing made to print and circulate the Bible, wbata happy revolution in public sentiment appears to have taken place. 