Bread and Cheese and Kisses. BY B. L. FARJEON. \- - - - - - - - - TOTTIE'S DREAM. When Tottie was put to bed, it was no wonder that she was haunted by the sweet effigy of old Ben Sparrow, and that his stomach of candied lemon-peel and his head the most tempting shapes and forms her warm imagination could devise. As she lay in bed, looking at the rushlight in the washhand basin, the effigy appeared bit by bit in front of the basin until it was complete, and when it, winked one of its currant eyes at her—as it actually did—the light of the candle threw a halo of glory over the form. Her eyes wandering to the mantelshelf, she saw the effigy come out of the wall and stand in the middle of the shelf ; and turning to the table, it rose from beneath it, and sat comfortably down, with its legs of cinnamon and raisins tucked under it like a tailor. When she closed her eyes she saw it loom in the centre of dilating rainbow circles, and in the centre of dark- coloured discs, which as they swelled, to larger proportions assumed bright borderings of colour, for the express purpose of setting off more vividly the attraction of the figure. Opening her eyes drowsily, she saw the old man come down the chimney and vanish in the grate, and as he disappeared, down the chimney he came again, and continued thus to repeat himself as it were, as if he were a regiment under full marching orders. Whichever way, indeed, Tottie's eyes turned she saw him, until the room was full of him and his sweetness, and with his multiplied image in her mind she fell asleep. No wonder that she dreamt of him, Tottie and Bessie slept in the same room, and Tottie dreamt that long after she fell asleep—it must have been long after, for Bessie was in bed—she woke up suddenly. There she was, lying in bed, wide awake, in the middle of the night. The room was dark, and she could not see anything, but she could hear Bessie's soft, breathing. She was not frightened, as she usually was in the dark, for her attention, was completely engrossed by one feeling. A frightful craving was upon her, which every moment grew stronger and stronger. This craving had something horrible in it, which however, she did not quite realize. In the room slept old Ben Sparrow, who, according to the fancy of her dream, was not mad of blood, and flesh, and bone, but of lemon-peel, fig, and currants and raisins. All the sweet things in the shop had been employed in the manufacture, and there they lay embodied in him. Tottie knew nothing of theology; knew nothing of the value of her soul which, without a moment's consideration, she would have bartered for figs and candied lemon-peel. And there the delicious things lay, in the very next room. If she could only get there !—perhaps he would not miss an arm or a leg. But to eat the old man was so kind to her! She had a dim consciousness of the wickedness of the wish, but she could not rid herself of it. Thought Tottie—"He won't know if he's asleep, and perhaps it won't hurt him. I know it would do me good." Her mouth watered, her eyes glistened, her fingers twitched to be at him, her stomach cried out to her. She could not withstand the temptation. Slowly and tremblingly she crept out of bed, and groped along the ground towards the door, Bessie was asleep. Everybody was asleep. The house was very quiet. Everything favoured the accomplishment of the horrible deed. "Nobody will know,"' thought Tottie. Thoroughly engrossed in her des- perate cannibalistic purpose, and with her teeth grating against each other, Tottie turned the handle of the door and opened it; but as she looked into the dark passage Ben Sparrow's door opened, and a sudden flood of light poured upon her. It so dazzled her, and terrified her, that she fled hack to her bed on all-fours, and scrambled upon it, with a beating heart and a face as white as a ghost's. Sitting there glaring at the door, which she had left partly open in her fright, she saw the light steal into her room, and flying in the midst of it, old Ben Sparrow. He was not quite as large as life, but he was ever so many times more sweet and delicious- looking. As old Ben Sparrow appeared, the room became as light as day, and Tottie noticed how rich and luscious were the gigantic fig which formed his head, the J them. Ifen Sparrow hovered in the W S few momente, and. then steadied Jft ft were; be: stood bait upright, , treading upon nothiqg, advanced djl |md- solemnly, putting oat .me leg jfoBy, ahdsetting ft down firmly npon -...^uwhefefe he..could mskenp hip mind ^gpoye -the. other.. 3h this manner he ap yEoaohed Tottie, and sat down oh her bed. xot a little while Tottie was too frightened fospeak. She held her breath, and waited hi® for him to say somethings Bjft as grandfather did not move or speak, her courage gradually returned, and with it *"*x craving for eome. of him. She became than the mpst unfortunate church .that ever breathed; her rapacious ^could only be satisfied in one way. ftaly she reached out her. band _;-S his faoe; he did hot stir. Towards" he did not wink. Her. finger cheahis eye; it did not quiver-rand' out ft came, and was in her hand! Her heart tpr$fl»d with fearful ecstasy, as with Averted head she put the terrible, morsel in n^fnonth. ; It was delicious. She chewed ftkad swallowed it with infinite relish, and, when ft Was gone, thirsted for its fellow. Hhblooked timidly at the old man. There was a queer expression in his % face, which Hie Jobs of one of his eyes had doubtless «njpttted:to it. "It doesn't seem to-hurt ™m» "thought Tottie. Her eager fingers Wete soon close to the remaining eye, and out and Was disposed of ih like murtUCr. Tottie certainly never knew how good Ben , Sparrow was until the present time. She had always loved him, but never ao rhpch as now. The eyeless face had a mournful expression upon it, and seamed to sadly, "Hadn't you better take me . mixt ?" Tottie clutched it desperately. It Wagged at her,, and from its mace lips a murmur seemed to issue—"O, Tottie! Tottie! To serve me like this!" But Tottie was ravenous. Ho fear of conse qnenoes could stop her now that she had kasted hzzn, mid round how sweet he was. \- She shut her eyes nevertheless, aa, in the execution of her murderous purpose, she tugged at his head, which, when she had torn from his body, she Ate bit by bit with a mre and fearful enjoyment, "When she fofdeed again at the headless figure of the old man, one of the legs moved briskly and held itself out tp her, with'an air of "Me next!" m the action. Bat Tottie, hungering for the l lemon-peel stomach, disregarded the invi tation. It was difficult to get the stomach off ft was so tightly fixed to its legs. When she succeeded, the arms came with it, *nd iffie broke them off short at the shoulder blade, and thought she heard a groan as she ° performed the cruel operation. But her heart ma hardened, and she continued her feast without remorse. How delicious it Was! She was a long time disposing of it, fpr ft was very large, hut at length it was all eaten, and not a piece of candied sugar was left. As she sucked her fingers with the delight of a samge, a senae of the wickedness of what Hie haflPftone came npon her. Her grandfather, who had always been so Upd to her! She began to tremble and to cry. Bat tjho arms and legs remained. They must be eaten. Something dreadful would be done to her if they were discovered in her bed; so with feverish haste she devoured the limbs. - And now, not a trace of the old ipfti remained. She had devoured him from head to foot, .She wonld never see him ~ sin—never, never! How dreadful the ble.looked, with him not on it! How i wished she hadn't done ft! She was appalled at the contemplation of her guilt, , and by the thought "of hour she would be punished if she wore found out. .In £hqj midst of these featis the light intlle foofri. vanished,and|>bUvion fell upOnTottieinthe ] I CAK. 3EE YO0 WW, RI3SING HEK JiITTLE j. 1 .■ • ' ; . . TOES. ■- : ; - ■■ j " ,'t The next day, being George's last day ail home, was a day of sorrow to all the humble persons interested in fas career. He was to start for Liverpool by ah* early train'on the following mprning,and was to pass his last evening at Ben Sparrow's, withthe old man and Bessie andTottie and his mother mid father. He had decided to bid Bessie good bye in her grandfather's house. Bessie was for sitting up alt night, but he said gently— "I think, Bessie, that mother would like to have me all to herself the last hour or two. You know what mothers are! By and by, heart's treasure ! you will have the first claim on me; but now mother looks' upon me as all her own, and it will comfort her heart, dear soul! to let it-be as I say." There were tears iu George's eyes as he looked down upon the face of Mb 'darling, and his heart almost fainted within him at the thought of parting from her. And, "Do you love me, Bess ?" he asked, for the thousandth tame. "With all my heart and soul," replied Bessie, pressing him in her^arms. And so, with Ms head; bowed down to hers, , they remained in silent communion for many minutes. They were sitting in Ben Sparrow's, parlour, and the old man had left the young people by themselves, finding occupation in. Mb shop, in the contemplation of his effigy, and in weighing up quarters of a pound of sugar. There was a woful look in Ben Sparrow's face as he stood behind his counter; times were hard with him, and his till was empty. "Bess, darling," said George, waking up from his dream. She raised her tearful eyes to his. He hissed them. " As I kiss away your tears now, my dear, so I will try to take sorrow and trouble from you when we commence our new life." "I knew it,,George; I knew it," she said, and cried the more. " Bat that is not what I was going to say. I was going to say this. ' Listen to me, dearest. If it were not for you, I shouldn't go ; if it were not for yoa, I should stay at home, and be content, For I love borne, I love the dear old land, I love mother and father, and the old black cat, and the little house I was born in. And it's because of you that I am tearing myself from these dear things. I am going to earn money enough to make a home for yon and me; to make yon more quickly all my, own, all my own! How my heart will yearn for you, dear, when I am over the seas J Bat it will hot he for long; I will work and save, and come - back soon, and then, my darling, then!—The tenderness of Ms tone, and the tenderness there was in the silence that followed, were a fitter and more expressive conclusion to the sentence than words could have made. "Ishall say when l am in the aMp, Iain here for Bessie'B sake. When I am among strangers, I shall think of yon, and think, if I endure any hardsMp, that 1 endure it for my darling—and that will soften it, and make it'sweet; it will, my dear! I shall apt be able to sleep very much, Bess, and that -will give me all the more hours to work—for yon,, my darling, for you! See here, heart's treasure; here is the parse yea. worked.for me, round my neck. It shall never leave me—it rests upon my heart. The pretty little beads ! How I love them! 1 shall kiss every piece of gold 1 put in it, and shall think I am kissing you, as I do now, dear, dearest, best! 1 shall live in the future. The time will soon pass, and as the ship comes back with me in it, and with my Bessie's purse filled with chairs and tables and pots and pans, 1 shall see my little girl waiting for me, thinking of me, longing to have me in her arms as I long to have her in mine. And then, when 1 do come, and yon start op from your chair as I openthe door! Think of that moment, Bess—think of that!" "O, George, George, you make me happy!" And in such tender words they passed the next hoar together, until George tore faifnself away to look after some tools, which Eeivaa to take with Mm to coin chairs and tables and pots and pans with. But if he did. not wish Ms tools to rust, it behoved him not to bring them too close to his eyes, for Ms eyelashes were dewy with teats. Now, late as it was in the day for such common folk as oars, Tottie had not yet made her appearance downstairs. The first in the morning to get up in the house was old Ben Sparrow, and while he was +.a.Ving down Ms shutters, and sweeping his shop and setting it in order, Bessie rose ana dressed; and prepared the breakfast. Then, when breakfast was nearly ready, Bessie would go upstairs to dress and wash Tottie ; but on this particular morning, on going to the little mrl's bedside, Tottie cried and sobbed and shammed headache, .and as Tottie was not nsnally a lie-abed, Bessie thought it would do the child good to let her rest. And besides being as ciinning as the rest of her sex, Bessie was the more inclined to humour Tottie's whim, because she knew that Geoige would be sure to drop in early; and if Tottie were out of the way, she and her lover could have the parlour all to them : selves. George being gone, however, there : was no longer any reason for Tottie keeping her bed ; so Bessie washed and dressed the ; child, and was surprised, when tsridng her hand to lead her downstairs, to see Tottie shrink back and sob and ciy that she didn't want to go. " Come, be a good child, Tottie," said Bessie; " grandfather's] downstairs, and he wants to play with you." ... £or- .. . At this Tottie sobbed and sobbed, and shook her head vehemently. She knew very well that it was impossible for Ben Sparrow to be downstairs, for had she not eaten him in the night, every bone of him* She was morally convinced .that there was not a bit of Mm left. Grandfather play with her! He would never play with her any more; she had done.for Mm! Her fears were so great that she fancied she could feel him stirring inside of her. Bat although she was rebellious, she was weak, ana so, shutting her eyes tight, she went into the parlour with Bessie. Then she ran trembling into a corner, and stood with her face to the wall, and her pinafore over her head; and there Bessie, having more pressing cares npon her jost then, left her. When Tottie, therefore, heard the old man's voice calling to her, she sobbed—" No, I never! No, I nev< never!" and was ready to sink through the floor in her fright; and when the ola man lifted her in his arms to kiss her, it was a long time before she could master sufficient courage to open her eyes and feel his face and his arms and Ms legs, to satisfy herself that he was really real And even after that, as if she could not believe the evidence of her senses, die crept towards him at intervals, and touched Mm and pinched his legs, to make assurance donbly sore. Ben Sparrow found it hard work to be playful to-day, and Tottie had most of her time to herself. If the anxiety depicted on Ms face were any criterion, Ms special cares and sorrows most have been of an ever whelming nature. In the afternoon young Mr. Million came in, spruce and dandified, and handsome as osu&L; The young gen tleman was not an unfrequent visitor at the little grocer's shop, and would often pop in and chat for an hour with Ben Sparrow; he would sit down in the back parlour in the most affable manner, and chat and laugh as if they were equals. Bessie was notat home when he came this afternoon, and he seemed a little disappointed; but he stopped and chatted for all that, and when he went away, the old grocer brightened, and his face looked as if a load were lifted from his heart. His brighter mood met with no response from Bessie, when she came in shortly afterwards. Some new trouble seemed to have come on her since the ry.r.mi'ng—some new grief to which she hardly - dared give expression. She had been stabbed by a few presumably chance and careless words spoken by a neighbour— need it be told that this neighbour was a woman ? No weapon can be keener than a woman's tongne, when she chooses to use it to stab. Ihe^pmanwho\had dtfceredthe* words was'young—a year older than Bessie —and it was known at one time that she Was setting bfer cap '>at Bessie'seweetheart. Bat* she had met -with, no encouragement from Oeb^e^ who, beingwrapt heart and s6uiin Besaie^had noJeyeftfor< other women.' George often nodded a . laughing assent to a favourite saying of his mother's,v that" One woman was enough for aayman—more than enough, iSMnfetimee,'' Mrs. Naldret would occasionally add. The stab which Bessie received Shall be given in a few words that conveyed it. " So George goes away * to-morrow morning," was the woman's remark to Bessie as she was harrying home with heavy heart. ■"Yes," sighed Bessie; "to-morrow morning." " Ah," said the woman, " he'll be nicely cut up at leaving, 1 daresay he'd give a good deal if he conld take someone with him." "I am sure he would," said Bessie, thinking that by " some one" herself was meant. " Q, I don't mean yon," said the woman, seeing the interpretation that Bessie put upon her words, " Who do you mean, then ?" asked Bessie, looking up quickly. The woman laughed and shrugged her shoulders. "Well!" she exclaimed. "Some girls are blind! Thank goodness, the best man in the world couldn't blind me so!" " What do yon mean ?" demanded Bessie, in an agitated tone, all the blood deserting her face. " What have yon to say against George ?" The woman laughed again. "Yon've no cause to be jealous, Bessie," she said, " it's only a child. Bat I do think, if I was George's sweetheart"— Bessie's lip curled, and this little expression made the woman's tone more venomous— "I do think," she added with scornful emphasis, "that if i was George's sweet heart—O, you needn't curl yo.ur lip, Bessie ! —I should ask him—who—Tottie's—father —was! A woman isn't worth that"—with a snap of her finger—"if she hasn't got a spirit." And George's discarded left Bessie white and trembling, with this wound in her heart. Bessie looked after the woman, dazed for a few moments by the accusation conveyed in the words; then she become suddenly indignant, and the blood rushed back to her face and neck; it dyed her bosom, and she knew it and felt it, and felt the stab there also. Then she hurried home. Ben Sparro w did not notice her agitation at first; he was too much rejoiced at the lifting of a heavy weight from him. In the morning ruin had stared him in the face; a Email creditor had come down upon him; had given him twenty- four hours to pay an account which, trifling as it was, he was not possessed of. But young Mr. Million had been to see him and had saved him He would be able to pay this hard creditor—I am ashamed to say for how trifling an amount—in the morning, and he was exultant. "I am only too glad," this young gentleman had said, "to have the opportunity of rendering a service to Bessie's grandfather." When he departed, old Ben Sparrow actually danced in his parlour in thankfulness for the danger escaped. "Bessie," cried Ben Sparrow as his granddaughter entered, " young Mr. Million has been here." Bessie nodded, scarcely heeding the words. "He's a gentleman," continued Ben Sparrow, "every inch of him; to forget the past, as he dees." " What past, grandfather ?" asked Bessie. " Forget what?" " O, nothing—nothing, my dear," ex claimed Ben hurriedly, and coughing as if something had come up or gone down the wrong way. "What I say is, he's a gentle man, every inch of him." " You said that before, grandfather." " Did I ? O yes, of course. But I'm an old man, Bessie, and you must make allow ances. We can't be all bright and fresh, and always happy as my dear child is." Bessie kissed Ben Sparrow's neck, and laid her head on his shoulder. " Always happy, grandfather ! Am 1 always happy?" "Of coarse you are, dear child, and it's natural and right and proper. Sorry and grieved, of course, because our sweetheart's going away—but he'll be back soon, never mar. Ana we'll talk of him every day and every night, my dear, and the tune'll fly away"—he blew a light breath—"like that! Ah, my dear! it's only the old that knows how quickly time flies!" Bessie sua nothing, bat pressed closer to the old shield that had sheltered her from babyhood to womanhood. "And now see," said the old shield, " what young Mr. Million brought for you. And you're to wear them at once, he said, and I say se too, and 1 promised him you would, for he's coming here to-night, and is going,to do me each a kindness as only the kindest heart in the world could do." Ben Sparrow took from his pocket a little box, and opened it, andproduced there from n piece of tissue-paper, and from the tissue-paper a fpair of pretty turquoise ear rings set in gold. Bessie scarcely looked at them, and allowed Ben to take from her ears the pair of old ear-rings she had worn for ever so many years, and replace them with Mr. Million s pretty present. Yon look, Bessie," said old Ben, falling back and contemplating her, "you look like a Princess! and it's my opinion, my dear,"that yon are every bit as good as'one." He held a piece of looking-glass before her, and desired her to look at herself. To please him ishe said they were very pretty, and then said, Suddenly coming to what was uppermost in her mind—"^Grandfather, I want you to tell me about Tottie." " About Tottie, my dear 2" exclaimed Beu Sparrow wonderingly. "Yea," replied Bessie, sitting down, "about Tottie. All I know is that you came and asked me once if I would mind if yon brought a little friendless girl home to live with us, and if I would take care of her." "And you said Yes, gladly, for it would be company for us, and would make the place pleasant. And I'm sore neither yon nor me have ever repented it. If Tottie was our own flesh and blood we couldn't be fonder of her. I shouldn't know what to do without her now Pve got so used to her. I'll tell you the story by and by, my dear, when George has gone " "No," interrupted Bessie, so impetuously as to cause old Ben to jump; "now! I want to know now. Ah, dear grandfather! you have always been so good to me that 1 can't help being a tyrant." " You a tyrant!" cried Ben, appealing with raised hands to the walls and the furniture to join him in the repudiation of the astonishing statement. " That's a good one, that is. Well, my dear, as yon want to know at once, and as you're such a tyrant—ha, ha ! I can't help laughing, my dear—here goes. It's now three years gone, Bess, before George and yon began to keep company, my dear—that George comes and tells ipe a story of a poor little thing that had been thrown helpless upon the world. 'Such a pretty little thing!' says George, ' and not a friend but me to look after her ! I wish i knew some one,' says George, * who woald take care of the dear; I'm sure I could never be grateful enough to them.' Then I asked how old the child was, and whether she did not have relations. ' Yes,' said George, ' she had two, but they had no home and were altogether in too bad a position to take care of the little one.' Then I thought of you, my dear, and thought it wotud be company for my Bessie and for me, and that if we grew to love the child, there would be nothing to repent of. I told George this, and George confessed that he had the same thing in his mind too, and that was the reason why he spoke to me about it—hoping that I would say what I had said. And so, to cat a long story short, one night a woman came to the door with little Tottie in her arms, and kissed the child a many times, and George brought Tottie in. 1 didn't see the woman's face, but I fancied that she was crying. I have often wished since that I had seen her face, -the poor creature seemed in such distress. You remember, Bessie, when you came home an\hohr afterwards, smdfeund jnesitting before the fire with Tottie in my 'lap,' warming her little toes, how yon fell in love withher directly.and how happy she 'made as,; and how .this. very parlour, was, because' TbtfieHyas with us, really made a great .deal more' ' cheerfuller than ever it had. been before ! You remember the wonderful dimples, that came, into her face when she looked at ub, and broke but a-smiling, as much as to eay,'How d'you do, old Ben and yonpg Bess? I'm very glad to see yon!' Why, it was as good as a play! I can see you now kissing her little toes, and can see her crowing and laughing when you kissed her neck—so fat, and so full of creases ! and I can see her clenching her little fist and flourishing it in the. air as much as to say, • In this fist Fve got a hundred-pound note, and all the world and his wife shan't take it ■from me!' Dear, dear! the child has been a comfort to us, and it was a bright day when she came into the house, the poor little thing! Then George says, fYon're not to he expected to keep Tottie for nothing, Mr. Sparrow; and here's three shillings a week, and .when she gets a big girl perhaps we'll be able to spare more.' And he's paid the three shillings a week regular, and has brought little things for her now and then, such as a frock, you kuow, or a flannel petticoat, or a little pair of shoes. And that's the whole of the story, Bess." Bessie had listened very attentively to the narration of Tottie's history, and now said, after a pause, with a strange hesitation in her voice— " Grandfather, did George never tell you —who—Tottie's—father—was ?" " No, my dear. I remember once it coming up between as somehow, bat George turned it off, and said it didn't matter to Tottie, who seemed as happy as the day was long—and so she was, and is, my dear." At that moment " Shop !" was called, and Ben Sparrow harried in to attend to his easterner, and the subject dropped. 