HOUSE rOt] ASSEMBLY WEDKESDAY, JtJtv 30. -V | rflje SPEAKER took the chair at seven 'clock. There was a great crowd in the space .nropriated to visitors near the dais, }, as usual, the fair sex was largely Presented. The strangers' gallery was k|) i lIlU'- inconveniently 1111 w J packed, 1 1 and the pre- ' ctg of the chamber were thronged with prsons >rsons anxious to obtain the slightest iliaijce tlicc of hearing" room. There was O, a J,,11 attendance of members on both sides If the House. Petitions. jfr LETTE presented a petition signed 1200 ratepayers of Launceston, pray- • jjjat no further rate be enforced for [lie purposes of the. Launceston and iVestern Railway. _ jlr MILIAR presented a similar petition _im 250 ratepayers in the Westbury district. jlr HENRY presented a like petition Iron) Deloraine signed by 400 persons. Message from the Council. . THE COLONIAL SECRETARY and Mr DUNN lirought down the Appropriation Bills locneral Revenue and Land Revenue).for [he last six months of 1873 also the Inebriates' Treatment Bill, the Licensing feet Amendment Bill, and the resolutions [,ii the subject of Hospital practice, with E request for the assent of the House (hereon. Notices. . Mr BELBIN on Thursday nest to ask She lion. Minister of Lands and Works— fi. Whether the period for the completion Ef Sorell Causeway under the existing (contract has expired ; and if so, at what Hate ? 2. Why the approaches to the feoreL! Causeway have been recently barred End locked, and for what purpose ? 3. JiVhen is the Causeway to be thrown open •for public traffic 1 I Mr HOUGHTON on Thursday next to (wove—That this House meet for business « Mondays during the present session. Mr DOOLEY, on Thursday next, to I move, in Committee of Ways and Means, I tlmt it is expedient to levy a duty on the I export of wool from this colony, in order jto adjust the revenue to the necessary [expenditure. (Loud cries of "hear hear," 'no, no," and laughter). Mr HENRY, when the second readirg I of the Mersey and Deloraine Tramway I Loan Bill is called on, to move that this I House will resolve itself into a committee I of the whole to consider an address to his I Excellency the Governor, praying that his I Excellency will be pleased to instruct his' [Ministry to take the necessary steps to vest the Mersey and Deloraine Tramway in the Government, and complete the same without delay. The TREASURER laid on the table I copy despatch from Earl Kimberley, en- | closing six copios of the Australian Colonies Duties Act, and intimating that the Queen had not been advised to give her assent to the Intercolonial Customs Bill of the Taamanian legislature passed in 1870, as the prohibiting Act was then in force, and the new Act did not repeal it, but only authorised the Australian colonial legislatures to pass Intercolonial Customs Duties in future. .<, At the instance of Mr CHAPMAN the despatch was read, and on the motion of the TBEASUBER it was ordered to be printed. rjie TREASURER also tabled a Report of Duties of the Inspector of Police, and a return respecting the .operations of the Council of Education. , . Ministerial Difficulties—Government Defeat'on a Vote of Want of Confidence ! The Order of the Day for " Mr Colonial i reasurerto bring under the consideration , V 1 ® House the presentetate of public ™ sin ess and the proposals of the Government, and to take the sense of the House wereon," having been read,' The TREASURER rose and said—In T J C tsB of tlle 1 discussion on the Waste wilds Act, last Friday evening, an immanence appeared to be exhibited on the art of one hon; member—the hon. mem- , f 7 East Hobart—whether the sense " le Souse to be Expressed on that " e iv' lr ? was to be. considered of any r™ cal importance, and I took occasion » en to say I attached no importance to lat ni e asure. . I did not do so; because, on a review of the measure; I saw that it n 'f o Q^aterial bearing' in the position government or'.another • and it l°H b e to be deprecatedifr in the pro- ^awached to'ltafolitic^sigriificance of^ # ^®P b8ition ° f the .Government B T1.P o ' will Wth4 effect ? BtraimS 8^? tt . 0f % country will Ve re J . f u S ^ ^ ^ t e r a toeing measures T S ' f e ' f ^ 1 party; W is ..expression in .vU^!^ tte that the courseMefffen^ri^ ^ve/ing 1ft is not that-which O F J i i ihas o .FIMTT any precedent X in • the N. _ English Parliament. I can look back to a measure of Lord Palmerston and carried through the House of Commons bv a large majority, which contained a clause so repugnant that the Ministry >as ejected from office in consequence ; but if on the introduction of a measure we are to be forced to adopt eveiy part'of it before we go into committee, we shall be adopting a new principle which will not be found to be an improvement on the practice at home. But when I intimate that I do not shrink from any opinion I have expressed, whe ther in respect to that or any other measure affecting my own personal position or the position of my colleagues in this House,—I stand here in this House no hungry seeker after political office ; I accepted it with reluctance, and I said I should surrender it when I found I could no longer retain it with honor to myself. I am ready to do so now : I am impatient to do so if it be the will of the House. I come to challenge the expression of opinion on the part of hon. members and to bow to it with resignation, perhaps with relief. At the same time I owe it to those, by whom I was ( invited to accept office and by whom I Have been sustained in office—I owe it to the country which does not intend to be exclusively governed by any two or three individuals (cheers), but who are entitled to an alternative— that 1 should justify the position I now" hold, and review the circumstances under which I hold it. I came into my position, I am sorry to say it; but I am constrained to say it, in the pretence of the hon. member for East Hobart, after that gentleman had held the same some years, and had used his position to make the position of his successor almost an untenable one. I am here to say that he has surrounded me with almost insuperable difficulties, and I come to crave consideration of the House as to what I have done as well as what I am. able to do. The hon. member knows that in 1870 he had a whole year in which to devote himself to repair the impoverished position of the finances. From October to November in the following year, he had time for that purpose, and|he knows,what were the measures he brought forward, what was the extent of them in Novetriber 1871. When in reference to the • embarrassments which the hon. gentleman .opposite beqeathed to hia successors in the shape of Treasury Bills, I indicated , the .measures of the present Government I was met by the hon. gentleman with the indication that I had no right to look" to debentures of shorted or longer Sate to cover the deficiency of £44,000 wliich he left. Now what 'was his position in 1871 when he addressed the House,' after having one year's oppor- tunity of being in office dri theParliament sitting, backed by an effective majority in this, House, what was his proposal ? It ultimately merged intoan authority to issue £30,000, not in Treasury Bills, but in debentures for 14 years to be paid off by the .sale of pre-emptive lands; 'When I came 'into office (1' was : threatened wjth .opposition and embarrassment by., the same measure being refused to mel' Whtit did the hon. member say", iri his budget speech'in 1871 :—" 5Vith these facts be : fore them,, hon. gentlemen , will- see .that something piust be done to meet the present wants of the colony ? and' as the produce .ofthe sales of land falliiig in cannotbe reckoned/Upon for next' year, Tpropose that a loan be '.raised "of £30,000, payable In 14 years out of the, proceeds of the sale ; of' land already alluded. to) and Which if sold, on credit will be paid tor* dating that period," Sir,' I hold it is set before us as a'principle in the working of responsible government, that amanshouldhot saywhen in office that which he is not prepared to abide by out of .Office (Dr Bptler—Hear, hear),and how frequently Have' I ; in the course . (of this session been twitted v on my intimation of the proposal of the' Government to merge into debentures the sum leit by the hon. member. .He' wpnt on to 6ay. tlie period js coming when some £20,000 must be takfen off the land |und expenditure and charged to the general revenue." The period was coming ! 'He had nothing ;to propose, nothing 'to submit after a yeat's opportunity to tliink . about it i The period is coming! ' And what more did he say? He ' referred " to direct taxation and the obUgation of those who .hiad a stake in tlie country to contribute of their means'to the' support of' govennneiit. That was the'principle asserted'by the hon. gentleman in, 1871,' and theonly step, he took. to J repiiir the diminishing finances pf the counter' was to take £30,000 by debentures. In;i872 tlie, ggneriat revenue was" still dfeclinpg, s^iJiJtlie land fund. ,the Same,'; the difficiatLa^ of the railway were '4nd-it "flie close' of that'year : left.ai ^ufidulated dplciehty ' pf "abouV JE44,000. Ahd L the' ho^ meatier.,in'the a rat^of'jjcljpn propiei%; ; ' 1,^11 •y^t^ntion ' t^i ."'this' because J |the 'slightest (intimation, ,on. mv .P^'rorahjeiWcati^.ra'te liai been met,- not by objection bri ^nanciaj grourids,"biit ft 8 Ifeiiig.a .SisSort ifco jreal pop^y,aiid not' fn^) so lece^tly^r^7&|)ro£p r sed to re- L _ AI ^ *• sort to a 9d rate on property. R The hon. gentleman followed that up as the advocate of an income tax ; and he stands in this House as the representative of an income-tax policy, in opposition to my pohcy. Now, I can admit the propriety, and at the same time the great moral courage necessarily shown by a man-when circumstances bring him round to a different conclusion to that which he has previously held, I say it requires great courage to come forward and avow distinctly and plainly his change of view ; but it was a veiy remarkable change indeed on his part that he should come before the House and the country as the advocate of an income-tax. I cannot fajl to look back to. a few years ago when the hon. gentleman ejected from office his predecessor as Treasurer, the present Minister of Lands; and what was _ his policy, and what were the opinions and principles he then enunciated? I hold before me an extract from a speech of the hon. gentleman on the 21st of November, 1866. He said, " If those were the views of the people there would be no necessity for hon. members on the opposite side leaving the Ministerial Benches. But he contended that an income-tax would bring about the immediate Tuin of the colony. On that question he was at issue with the hon. members opposite, as he believed it would be the destruction and ruin of the poor man. Such a measure, if introduced, would drive all respectable artisans from the colony. They were told that it would be impossible to govern them without additional taxation, but he believed that with a judicious review of all the institutions of the country, it could be governed without additional taxation, and he would give'his support.to no member moving to the TreasuryBenches who would not attempt a review of the expenditure. .. .' . . It would be ridiculous to talk of taxing money, the money coul$ take care of itself ; it would be the borrower who, would suffer, as interest and discount would be raised. Is additional taxation was necessary, let there be an assessment of property in the municipal districts. If taxation was to be thrown on property, let it be in that direction, and not in this abominable, inquisitorial way." And how did headdress the electors for the City'! Off the 1st November, 1866, he said—" If they'had an income tax the tradesmen of the city would have suffered immediately, as through them the laboring population would also have been made to suffer. Capital would have been driven away from the country, and they would have put a stop to everything." Arid in another address he said—" Had I consulted my own personal comfort, 1 should Ijave left to others the responsibility of reducing the public expenditure, and carrying, out such other financial measures as may be' necessary ; but had 1 shrank from the task, I should have failed' in my duty to you and those colleagues' in Parliament who 'were resolved to endeavor, to save the colony .from the ruinous effects of the measures proposed by the ..late 'Ministry." ' Now, Sir, I am aware.of an illustrious example' in recent ^English history where a remarkalle change of opinion .took place cin. two occasions when there were great'stirring questions of the day. I am aware that SL" Robert Peel changed his views on the subject of Catholic Emancipation ; but wlen hg did so, finding hiniself the representative of a constituency, he surrendered th5 representation of tlie' University of Oxford." (Sir Chapman—Hear, hear). I renember the same.i&hange; of opinion occurred in reference' ;to tlie Corn Laws. Circumstances arose.'wHih compelied.htm to make that change. Members not actuainted' . with, the fact, aid not adverting to the reasons, will fini the whole detailed in the Life of Sir Rjbert Peel, in another room ; and they wil see that it wasthe- result of slow, gndual change. But 'when the change ar«se Sir Robert Peer went to his sovereign, and said. "I airi .not the proper peson to' introduce the question, and ,1 retommend your'Mai esty^to send for .Lord Join Russell;" arid it was only when Lcrd John Russell declined 'that Sir Ribert Peel consented to act; arid yet urifer those circumstances the iricorisieency of the' illustrious statesman .was no- passed Aver without placing him in a poition of censure, an<l on, the, saine ni;ht in which the hist 'measure'^ cafied'in the Lords a-majority of the' Huse of Commons' with whom 'Sir R<bert Peel had broken faith, hurled him. fr<m office/ Now, ' why do I care to' say ths ? For this feas0n, : 'that.if an' honor- • abe mai^, Ming & responsible position,' aixves at. ;a cOnclilsion thai' the', policythi got him, into that position .should'.he ; chaged it bepofces.'necessary to' show thd. change .'of 'opinion,' and" that it' is for the good' of the jcoiintr/;, hp revolces' hibprevwuS jViews,^' But -undet "some' ciramstences Jie •.resigns' offiice,'ki'ifejemdmnen^mx PhapiS^n'"Hear, hear>' ; Dr lutler '^ear,.; ' M ,it. fa L undt circumstances ^hick^led fiie J lfon. rgenjeman to, "a^pt -jj^; a ga|e of goVertimeiit,?ras'necessajy; , 'The .Hioue '^^wai^.' of Vtlie ciMiii^taiiic.M undr; which ariiwd at! 'con- clusion, and the circumstances of difficulty in which a Ministry was formed: they are also aware of the circumstances of tlie dissolution, and the fact that the House by a majority declared that they had no confidence in the financial administration of the colony at that period. £ow, a change of government was declared necessary, and the present Government came in environed with enormous difficulties, and which it inherits at this time ; and our task would be easr but for those transmitted difficulties It is true a favorable turn has taken place in the Customs, and there is an improvement in the state of tilings, which lias helped to lessen the embarrassments I took over from my predecessor. But -vo have not overcome those difficulties which the hon. member for East Hobart deliberately, and, in my belief, intentionally, created for those who stepped into his shoes. I believe we are entitled to every consideration at the hands of this House (cheers). And inheriting those difficulties, the Government came before the House a short time since and proposed certain measures. I think I conveyed to the House at the time I proposed those measures in the Budget my own sentiment and feeling, as well as that of my colleagues, that we were not dealing permanently with our financial dithculties ; that the amount of information we possessed was such that it was not possible to introduce measures of a permanent and enduring character. I said I proposed to get over the difficulty for a time, reserving more permanent measures until next year, when we could review pur financial position, and when the Government would be in possession of necessary information to guide us, especially on the railway question, and be prepared to submit more important measures. Sir, no hon. member can accuse me in respect to the Customs duties of justifying, or. vindicating that measure ; I said that in principle it was repugnant to me, and only less so than debentures. I also proposed and shrink not from the position, that an arrest should be given to those, appropriations from the Land Fund which at present are provided under statute. I did so from the circumstances with which we had to deal. I thought not-only the income tax, but some items of appropriation out of the revenue are inconvenient and inconsistent; I think . so still. At the same time the, measure may have been precipitate, and it may have disturbed arrangements made on. the faith of the reserve. Under those circumstances I am not prepared , to , press that measure on the present occasion (Mr Chapman—" Hear, hear";. At the same time that the hon. gentleman cheers and says "hear, hear," my memory carries < me back to the first financial statement he made in this House, when he proposed to suspend, the appropriation in aid. of roads and municipalities ; and those,- items were only restored for that year onan address passed at the instance of the . then member for Campbell Town j and th^,t was only met by a debenture bill which is still unpaid (hear, hear). So much for that lion, gentleman's zeal and earnestness for Toads and municipalities. Another measure to which I will allude is tjiemeasure to deal with the public schools of the, colony. In 18611 held the office I now .411, and-1 was called on to address my constituents at length on the policy I considered advisable; and in my address to the electors of Morven I spoke of the responsibilities I thought the districts should iricur in Respect to schools. Since ever I had a seat in this House I have always maintained that a reduction in the • general;responsibilities of the Government was expedient. I have looked to other polonies, 1 where I find the development. .of mimicipal action, and those municipal institutions I regard as the breakwaters -of democracy. But the measure T submitted has been obnoxious to objection on a variety of grounds, and with some of these I am prepared to deaL I ,ajii: aware some connect the religious, with the qnestion of education. 1 hold as a principle that education compiles the cultivation of the affections as wellas the discipline of the understand- . ing hnt in a country like this, where the- • population is sparse, and it is impossible to have public schools for the various denominations that your education is inevitably a secular system (cheers). But practically it has been obnoxious to critipism as being less favorable to religious education. I have the greatest respsct . for those' who have taken -exception to the measure, and with regard to one denomination theyhave strong reason for urging their,views 4 the difference between.;Pro- . jtestant and Catholic being great: but I consider that, in' this country it js altogether out of jquestibn to attempt toiriake our systepi other than jyhat it is, secular . education (cheers). But I am . aware fur- - •th<av objections have been taken, which : 7 ^j 11^- ought not tb'-havfe" ..'befen^taken / in the consideration qf a measure • •on ffie second reading,'as to the question Wiethe? the local inanagement shall be en- ; tnieted -to the municipal body or a special .pody'to'be.electedfcrthepiirpOse ju.bodjr : fleeted by the ratepayers or a body apj>oi&to4;,byt;he Gqyernmenti J^am'fifraid,^ ; 1 vv ;. r; \ J y.. ' ; however, some of the objections made by' one and another became fatal to the measure and that it will not at present be acceptable to the House. I remain of opinion, however, that the principle of local liability in respect to scluiols is a sound one, and the day is not remote when it must be adopted. And I maintain that it is expedient that the change should be made. I am bound to say that in my judgment the system falls short of the objects for which it was intended, (hear liear)and tousetlielanguageof another "the attempt to enlist local action has enlisted, not active bodies, but that wliich answers the designation of ghosts" (hear, hear, and laughter). The lion, member pursued this part of his address by referring to the limited number of visits paid to the public schools, to the undesirableness of increasing the number of schools in Hobart Town, the injury done by the present system to private school teachers, the petition of the schoolmasters of Hobart Town presented last year, his (Mr Innes's) objection to the accumulation of functions of the Board of Education, and the want of economy by individual action as to the supply of books. He had seen an account sale of books, the accumulations of fourteen years at a cost of £400 or £500, which sold in the market for £40. Now, he continued, I do not think the system can be perfect, nor that the administrative functions can be perfect, left to a board the members of wliich are unsalaried. As to the measure introduced, I am conscious that in detail it is defective, but it could be amended, but I do not desire to deal with the interests of education piecemeal. The question should be entire when introduced, and I would rather suspend its consideration till it can be presented in a more satisfactory shape. But in saying this I do not abandon the opinions hold ; I do not in the slightest degree change these opinions. Nor have I any opinions to- change. The interpretation that I should come here and avow any other principles than those I have enun ciated, that I must come in the character of a mendicant, is not that which my course of action will justify. I come, however, to state my views, and the grounds for entertaining tliem. I submit them for your consideration, and I shall bow to your decision. I now come to a more difficult question, the present relations of the Government to the Launceston and Western Railway. I know that members on the opposite side of the House have looked at this question as likely to afford them the favorable opportunity for which they are thirsting (a laugh). They are perfectly welcome to it but I ask attention for a short time while I enter into the histoiy of the question. There was a pertinacity, an endurance on the part of those who prosecuted the question of the L. and W. Railway likely to excite angry feeling. But what are the facts of the case ? I couie to them. In 1857 and prior even to that, the expediency of the introduction of railways actuated the public mind. The question was brought before the Legislature, and the hon. member for East Hobart was Chairman of a Select Committee on it, and he was the author of the prin- ciple to which that committee gave its assent, as shown by the repdrt of October, 1858\. I quote from the report :— In the opinion of the committee tlie construction and maintenance of railways and tramways should be undertaken by the districts through which they pass, while Parliament should sanction the raising of the required funds by the guarantee of the Government, or by the issue of debentures, on its being made to appear to the satisfaction of Parliament that tlie revenue arising from such railway or tramway would be sufficient to defray the expense of its working, and the interest on the capital expended in its construction—the Government being indemnified by security upon the revenues of the railway, and the guarantee by assessment of the lands of tlie district. For such a mode of procedure as is now recommended there is a precedent in the system followed by the Legislature of Canada, wliich has authorised the Executive Council to raise funds for constructing railways and other important works, and to make advances to the weal authorities on security of the rates in any district applying for assistance. The machinery necessary for carrying out the Canadian system has been already partially provided in this country, and exists in connection with our Municipal Corporations and Rural Districts Assessments. These, the committee believe, might be combined in their several localities so as to form railway districts, and would derive such direct and immediate advantage from being so constituted as might justify their taking upon themselves the pecuniary responsibility of making provision for a possible deficiency of income during the early ( stages of their working. The committee believe that the time has already arrived when Parliament might, with great advantage to the colony, initiate some general measure in accordance with the views herein expressed; and the committee would therefore recommend that an address be presented to his Excellency the Governor praying that he will be pleased to direct that a bill may be introduced into Parliament at an early period next session under which road districts or municipalities might constitute themselves a railway district, and secure the advantages of the Government guarantee, upon their willingness to render the railway revenues and the lands of the district liable as security for the capital and expense incurred in the construction of tlie railway or tramway, and the interest thereon. Now 1 call the attention of the House to that statement, as between a railway for one district and for another. It is not a modern invention, tie distinction between the Main Line and the L. and W. Railway. And can the distinction be maintained with any force ? I recall the observation of the hon. member for Clarence, and think he would recognise that the opinions stated in that report embody principles on which the consideration of the L. and W. Railway took place for years'. It was the principle recognised in this House, and embodied in the Act of 1865. By this Act a company consisting of certain persons, whose names are given in the Act, was constituted, and the Company was authorised after onethird of the cost of constructing the said railway had been subscribed, to proceed therewith. Tlie Company entered into a contract to do that—they accepted their liability. The question was taken to the poll, and the majority, such as is contemplated by that bill, accepted the legal liability for the railway under that bill. Under that bill the condition was, and it was a condition not deemed immaterial by the advocates of the railway in that district, it was conditioned that £100,000 should be raised and expended by the promoters of the line. Confidence not being universally established in the expediency and in' the paying character of the railway in that district, it was a conservative provision introduced by those whose confidence was doubtful that tlie promoters should be required to give as an evidence of their sincerity and good faith in the undertaking, that they should find that £100,000. It was on that understanding that the poll was taken. The ratepayers believed that the bill contained a fixity of these terms—that the promoters should spend £100,000, and that the Company was so fixed that it was not likely to precipitate the district into • any contract that would involve them in a large expenditure. However, 110 Action was taken under that Act. Two years passed, and in 1867 sj. different Act was passed. In this Act the advance required from the promoters of the railway was reduced to £50,000. No resort was made to the ratepayers in the district as to whether, under those altered terms, it would accept the lia- bility for £300,000, originally fixed, when tlie promoters were understood to have* accepted the contract binding them ,to expend £100,000. No reference was made to the district on that question, notwithstanding that the character of the transaction had been so altered by the action of one party to the compact, and notwithstanding the fact that the compact remained on the statute-book of the colony (hear, heap). The agitation'for the railway, however, did not abate, but continued, and finally the work was entered upon. Now I ask hon. membersto look back to the legislation on that occasion. In this, light will appear the great nndesirableness of its being considered a party question, and I ask in what manner was local liability to be realised ? If the intention were to make local liability impracticable it could not be done more effectually. The rate was not to be a fixed rate, but to be determined by the aimount of benefit accruing to each house and each proprietor, and I would like to ask the House if it could be done by any machinery that could be framed. An attempt was made by the head of the j 1 land department at Launceston, Mr Gfcnn, and others, and what was the provision ' made for the revision of the roll ] It was ; made a matter of local determination. \ Now, it might be apprehended that it woul$ result in calamity, and it did, and no rate was eVer collected under the Launceston and Western Railway Act, under that Act on which the advance of £300,000 or £400,000 took place on security of the general revenue. But 1 apprehend there was something morethan this. I look back on the proceedings taken on'that question, and I do not think there was anything but calamity. When was the rate for the L. and W. Railway called for 1 I have frequently heard the hon. member for Fingal say if the rate had been collected no difficulty would have been felt. In Februaiy, 1871, the interest on the railway became due. The hon. gentleman opposite has more than once assailed me for having suspended the operation of the law, and he even threatened to impeach me before the session was out. Now it was incumbent on the Colonial Treasurer to call on the district to pay the £12,000. The valuation was not made till the 12th September, and the machinery was not in a state to take effect till the pecuniary liabilities amounted to £36,000. If that defective Act had been carried out it would have been equivalent to thp confiscation of the property throughout the district, and it became necessary to afford relief, and it was relieved at the expense oi £60,000 addition to the debt of, the colony; and then an attempt was made to place the matter on a different footing?. Resolutions were introduced to ; tHu House, and carried; and I call attentior to the manner in which these resolution were carried to the other House. Afte! the hon. gentleman had obtained the CM, cession of £60,000, he should have carria something more than resolutions; n should have brought in a statute pr# •viding for the future liability of the L&W; railway district (hear, hear). And had lie done so I should not have been placed in my present inconsistent position. The liability was a liability of the hon? gentleman, and the provision for meeting that liability was invalid: it was worthless. The resolutions were passed in this House on the 11th July, 1872. The Legislative Council was not then sitting, but it sat on the 16th. Did any resolutions go up to the Council then ? No. The Council sat on the 19th, but no message was transmitted. It sat on the 23rd, but no message. It sat on the 24th, still no message. On the 25th it sat, and the 26th, and 30th, but no message. The House then, adjourned till the 7th August, and on the 8th the resolutions were received by the Council. It was perfectly open to £he hon. member to have had a statute passed, but he did not (Mr Chapman—" Hear, hear"). He transmitted a difficulty to his. successor, with which it is now for us to ileal. And how is it to be dealt with 1 The difficulty stands precisely as itdid ; I niiglitaddand whether my mode of meeting it be acceptable to the House or not, feme will determine its appropriateness. I never agreed with it, I impugned the principle on wliich that measure passed when it was passed. I pointed to the experience of _ Canada ; and even had there been nothing to disturb the arrangement, there was a departure from principle in the case of the Main Line Railway. Afte^some further remarks to the same effect, and advocating the principVe that the Loans Bill and the .Taxing Bill must go hand in hand, Mr Innes said that was the position, and those were the difficulties ere ated for thesuccessorsof the lion, member (Mr Chapman), and now he said fight it out. He spoke the other evening on the terms of opposition of the Southern sentiment as against the Northern sentiment, and now he (Mr Innes) would remind the lion, gentleman that in relieving the district in 1872 he had thrown overboard his principle ; for if his principle was worth anything, it was good, to enforce it to the full extent; but as he had violated the principle, he had already thrown over the other districts. And as the hon. member had surrendered so much, he would have to surrender a little more. (Mr Chapman —No.) He was not particular as to the result; he had informed the gentlemen sitting on that side to-day of his views ; but he was not by any means certain that the course he proposed would be acceptable throughout the North and North-West districts of the colony. He thought . the districts should in consideration of the advantages of the railway, accept a liability and he believed a Is rate on the properties would be fair ; he believed other members were prepared to propose other terms; so be it, let time judge ; he (Mr Innes) appeared ; as a mediator. He had no feeling, and he asked not to be considered bymembers on that side. He said it would be better to have £7500 than enforce the larger amount.'. He left that to be weighed by the House. In his (the Treasurer's) position lie should prefer receiving £16,000 to £7500, but he took a practical view ;' and he desired to add that he thought all special liability should cease from the day of the completion of the Main Lihe. It would be then incumbent to deal with railways as a whole. In conclusion the hon. gentleman' said- Having stated my views and those of my colleagues—and in those views I have not departed from any. principle I named when -called on to address you before—I bow to whatever decision the House may arrive at. The House.has my views explicitly and distinctly expressed, not to curry favor, but with a view to practical objects in the good and safe government of the country; and if the House does not accept the views so explained, it will cost me no pain whatever consequences the House may think fit to determine. Political office in this country is not an object calculated to promote ardent emulation. I think Ministers are entitled to some measure of consideration. I did my best in the course I proposed ; I did my best, according to my judghient, for the interests of this country, and regardless of consequences to myself. I move that the House go into Committee of Supply (cheers). Mr CHAPMAN replied to the remarks of the hon. the Treasurer. He said he (Mr Innes) had the advantage of him, as he had, since Friday, had time to prepare for his remarks on the present occasion, but he trusted he was addressing a body of English gentlemen, who would see fair play as between man and mail. The hon. gentleman had said he was no "hungry aspirant for office," but let the House be the judges between them as lo that. He also said he (Mr Chapman) liad deliberately and puiposely created the difficulties which existed for his successor to cope with. He beg to say lie (Mr Chapman) left no obligations except what had been cast on the country for the,-L. and' W. Railway and the Main Line; but these Were not inherited from him ; for it was well known they were obligations created by the legislature. The L. and W. line was constructed at great cost jn. volving £510,000,or at the rate of £11,0011 a mile. But the Main Line was initiated tinder ' different circumstances, and ]le (Mr Chapman) contended that one v,'a.s a local liability, while the other was a general work, the cost of which was on],. £5000 a mile with a guaranteed interest of 5 per cent, for 30 years. As to 5nelding up the principle by giving relief to the L. and W. Railway district it Was founded on a generous disposition on thu part of the legislature involving t!ie country in -an additional liability 0[ £12,000 a year, leaving a liability on the district of only £15,000 a year. As to the resolutions not having been sent to the other branch of tlie legislature it v,-a3 because practical difficulties stood in the way, which the hon. the Treasurer knew as well as he (Mr Chapman) did. AJIJ the time had not in his judgment arrived for reconsideration pf that question. He was pleased to .find that the district w,-is deriving so much benefit from the railway in the shape of cheap fares and speedy transit. He then called attention to tbe bill brought in by the hon. the Treasurer last December embodying their resolutions showing that at that time he recognised their force; but that bill was suddenly replaced by a temporary bill providing a rate of 2s in the £ for twelve months, which he contended ought not to have been done. In the interests of a Northern Confederacy of which he was the head, the Colonial Treasurer brought in that temporary measure resulting in this, that the Northern press announced that there was an understanding that the rate was only to be collected for one year. In reference to that, however,he said no understanding was come to in that house, although there might have been an understanding at a caucus meeting outside. Mr Chapman then made some observations on the statement of the Treasurer, that he did not feel justified in anticipating being able to collect the rate and said tbe rate must be collected, and the lion, member, was bound to submit measures to that House to carry out the resolutions of both Houses ; if he did not do so, he (Mr Chapman) would take care that some other Minister did it. As to the liability left to the present Ministry, tlie only liability was in the land fund, which he believed, all things being considered, did not amount to more than £20,000. He hoped the legislature would see that the Treasury Bills granted .should not be added to the permanent debt of the country, but renewed from time to time if necessary. And he maintained the principle he had before insisted on that the expenditure of the Government should be met by current revenue. He (Mr Chapman) understood from the Treasurer's statement that he had withdrawn the School Bill, (Mr Innes —For this session). He was glad to hear it, aud they would not have another evening wasted over that. That was another finance measure withdrawn. It might be satisfactory to hon. members opposite to have the financial proposal; withdrawn one after another, but lie (Mr Chapman), thought it was not the course that ought to be pursued under a system of responsible Government, with respect to the financial position, of the country, he, (Mr Chapman) had gone into it, and he would .state the result to the House, although he had considerable difficulty, and he had arrived at these conclusions. As far as the ways and means for 1873 were concerned, for 1872 the revenue was £252,124. The Treasurer had increased Customs during, the present year, and certainly from the published returns that had appeared in the Gazette they might fairly expect an increase in the Customs of £10,000, and with a small sum from the inland revenue, tlie total would be £262,264. The increase on the new tariff for the current half year he estimated at £4500 ; therefore they had a revenue for 1873, of £266,764. For 1874, according to the Ways and Means as printed, the revenue was £228,614. Then, taking the Collector's estimate of the additional Customs on the old tariff, they would have £6000, and he certainly thought they might expeict that sum, because the construction of the Main Line Railway, and the increased value of wool had considerably improved the position of the colony. They might also estimate an additional revenue from Customs by the new tarifl, of £9000. There were then the £15,000 on account of the Launceston and Western Railway, in accordance with the resolutions of both branches of,the . legislature. (A member—I wish you may get it.) Yes, and by the blessing of God they would get it (a laugh). V^ith that £16,000 they would have a sum of £258,614, and the total estimated re venue for the two years was £525,378. They had at the close of the, year ! a deficiency as per estimate pf £6574, from wliich is' 0 : be deducted premiums on debentures £678, making £5896, so that the estimated .expenditure, would be £246,997; but, there was to be an extra expenditure on . charitable grants of £7000, bringing up the expenditure to £253,997. The propcised expenditure ^for 1874 was £246,499, but they now found that the hon. member proposed to restore the education vote 01 and aid municipalities £3000, up the total expenditure to t^ffnn Thus as far as the general re- |£2 „Tm concerned they had £525,378 ven"ieet an expenditure of £514,392, „n excess as far as the general re- 1,1 ,,e was concerned of £11,000. He |y,°r' Plianraan) had the figuresthere, and P r U J l/on<1 flipm fn +.!>« nrooa I (Mr jferedith—What portion of the will you hand them to 1) He ri mid be happy to hand them to the I file of the press of the colony, for he • is always i Mnndv ready +<-v to mra give anamr euery infArma. informa- 1?'' n in his power to those who required I!' 0 with respect to the Land Fund, in I inch he included the £15,000 from the T and W. railway district as an asset, Jije deficiency Dec. 31, as per estimate, •as £37,35" > he had already stated it at f'>0 oOO'or £25,000, but he would take it V £37 000. The expenditure, as per "stimate 29th October, was £53,516. from that he took £5000 as grants-in- aid 0f roads, because there would not be onefourth to set aside, bringing up the total to £48,516 for the year. For 1874 the estimated expenditure was £53,416, and additional to the Lands and Works Department of £800, brought it up to 1',34.216, less grants for roads £5500, making £48,716. Thus they had an expenditure of £134,588 to provide for, against a revenue for 1873 of £36,400, aid the same for 1874, making £72,800, and leaving a deficiency of £61,788. To wise that they had to rely on the sale of land, aud whether the Government intended to bring forward a large quantity c>f the quiet enjoyment lands, or whether thev proposed in any other way to do it, the late Government had arrived at the conclusion that the time had come for making additional taxation to relieve the Land Fund ; and with that view a ninepenny rate was proposed to assist the revenues of the country, and if that had been passed the difficulties of the Government would not have been as much as they were. They then felt that the time had arrived when they must resort to an income tax, and he (Mr Chapman) believed that was necessary now. Any Ministry must go in for an income tax. The Customs were sufficiently burdened, he thought too much so, but to meet the difficulties they must have an income tax. Did the hon. the Treasurer mean to introduce it? if so, why did he not boldly do so at once ? He (Mr Chapman) denied that he and his colleagues had shirked their duty; he had proposed an income tax, and lost office for doing so. Did he think that House would allow him to slur over his duties, and not bring forward ways and means to provide for the service of the country ? 'He had yet to learn that the hon. member had better discharged his duty as Treasurer than he (Mr Chapman) had done. TheATrORNEY-GENERALfollowed, and deprecated the use of angry words. He replied to the observations of ihe hon. member for East Hobart respecting the withdrawal of the Waste Lands Bill, and the question of the bill respecting,the L. and W. Railway, which he said was superseded by a shorter measure. The latter had been introduced by him (the Attorney-General) and even without the knowledge of the Treasurer, although the hon. member for East Hobart had charged the Treasurer with doing it as the head of a Northern Confederacy. He vindicated the position taken by the hon. Treasurer, who had stated his opinions candidly, and appealed to the members of that House to bring the matter to an issue. M r GIBLIN said he wished to enter on the discussion onbroader grounds than those which had as yet been urged. He rather regretted that the hon. Premier had reflected as he had done on the hon. member for East Hobart, charging him with having deliberately and purposely created difficulties for his successor. He hoped it was only done in the heat of debate, and that the hon, member did not "lean to make such an. imputation, nor «iat members of that House would give 'heir sanction to it. The hen. the Treasurer had alarmed the country by his notice to bring under the consideration of . the House the present state of public businesB, and the proposals of the Government, and to take the sense of the House 'hereon. And how had he done thaU ? e concluded his .long and .eloquent oraby moving that the House, go "«o Committee . of . Supply. But ie (Mr Giblin) intended, .before »e sat down, to give the, hon. the Treasurer the opportunity he sought, by mov- '"g an amendment. The hon. member "en reviewed the business of the'session, "eh, after six or seven weeks in session, amounted to.a few.bills, one of which was •>- Mil to provide for the care of a class of ersons who were unable to take care of luemaelves—the .Inebriates' Treatment lit+i' ^ Was a P^y the. bill did not go a ttm further > an d provide for the care of. uose who could not take care of the' hon f ? tker P eo P le (a laugh;. The ivW ~ le arned member also noticed n, ' ; tne Government had not done, for ' ®f d )they were to be judged as much' hy What they failed to do as by what they be ; T , he P^posed revenue was to ^mmiBhed a n «*tent of £15,000 by the measures withdrawn, and yet the hon. Treasurer had not given any indication of how the deficiency thus created was to be made up. In reference to the L. and W. Railway, the statement of the hon. the Treasurer was one- sided, and he had not said, with regard to. the reduction of the capital of the Company from £100,000 to £50,000, that not one petition had been sent in by the railway district protesting against the proposal. There was nothing about breach of faith either on the part of the district or the members for the railway districts. No, all they wanted . at th6 time was to get the railway. As to the neglect of the late Government to collect in 1871 the £24,000 railway rate, it was well known that the time was unpropitious, and the Government thought it better to wait until the railway was opened,* and in working order. The arrangement made to relieve the district was on an equitable basis, as he argued on a review of the facts, repeating what had been previously said. It was stated that the Parliament had departed from the principle it had laid down in undertaking the Main Line, but he (Mr Giblin) Tioped to be able to show that it was not so. The House had— whether rightly or wrongly he would not then say—made a wide distinction between fiie Main Line and the Launceston and Western Railway. He (Mr Giblin) wished they could have a general system of railways, but at present that was impossible. As to the repudiation of the liability of the district, he thought that House should not yield to clamour to relieve the district from the rate. No one professed now that after the Main Line should open for traffic, and the taxing bill had gone forth, the liability of the Launceston and Western Railway district should be continued. It was quite true that there were demagogues, among whom might be numbered ministers of religion, who said differently, and who put forth statements not' to be relied upon. One of them at a late meeting said the rate had come from the widow and her half-starved children, who were roaming the-streets without shoes or stockings. He (Sir Giblin) did not believe anything of the kind : it was only got up for sensational purposes, and to answer the object of the time being. And if the inhabitants of the district would look into the facts, if they knew that they had not paid interest on the Main Line, they would think differently. He (Mr Giblin) did not think the district could fairly say they had contributed a penny to the construction of the Main Line ; and it would be quite time enough for the district to cry out when it was sought directly to tax them for both the Launceston and Western Railway and the Main Line at the same time. He then came to the position of the Government, which was that they did not feel competent to bring forward and carry their measures—gentlemen who had received encouragement from those who were expecting benefits for their own districts, and who were invited to come to the Treasurer for the purpose ; gentlemen who were kept in office for the avowed object (cheers and cries of " No, no"). And now they found the hon. the Treasurer receding bit by bit from what he called a policy, and telling the House that if they only waited till next year he would talk to them (a laugh). At present they simply travestiedresponsibleGovernmgnt. The Education Bill was withdrawn, the Land Bill was also withdrawn, arid yet the Treasurer said he had changed no principle, and abandoned nothing. He simply said, " Let all things go on as they are till next year." He (Mr Giblin) should discharge his duty, and move the following as an amendment .-—"That the financial measures of the Ministry having proved unacceptable to this House, it is' expedient that his Excellency should be requested to call to his counsels advisers who possess in a more eminent degree the confidence of the House.". That would test the sense of the House in accordance with the invitation of the Treasurer. He (Mr Giblin) disregarded any imputation that he was hungry for office. He was happy to feel that he was not dependent on the sweets of office, and in bringing forward the motion he was not so desirous to displace his lion, friend the Attorney- General as to see the cause of good government in this colony progress, which was not the case at that moment. They had a weak -. Government, , and the action of the Government to-night stamped them with the. element of weakness in a' ten-fold degree.' He never supposed . it possible that. a number'of gentlemen, for the sake of, retaining office, could have taken the course of withdrawing .their financial' measures, one by one, as they had done. Feeling,'therefore, convinced that they could not continue to carry , on the public business with any credit ^ themselves ; and.that they were placed in a .' situation at once humiliating and most embarrassing ) and knowing that the Treasurer wpuldbeonly toe glad to be relieved, and not .being disposed'to think the legislature could not find parties to undertake the arduous duties without 'being shut iipto any three gentlemen on that side of the House, but that the legislature did possess within itself material for a Ministry that would possess the confidence of both branches of the legislature in carrying out their •measures—he submitted his amendment (cheers). The TREASURER—I rise to speak to the amendment, and I. may say I should be the last to complain of the terms of that amendment. I am sensible that the public business cannot be properly conducted unless by a strong Government, and notwithstanding any little pretensions of my own, I should prefer to see the Government in the hands of men able to carry it on satisfactorily. It is to be regretted that it is one of the conditions of our action in a small assembly like this that personal feeling, likings and dislikings,' should be mingled with the consideration of political questions ; and a great part of. the business is done out of the House, and under personal influences. 1 have felt that, and that I should have no apprehension in dealing with legislation governed with general principles ; but I despair to see it in an assembly composed of thirty individuals. ,1 have seen the elbowing, and the leading up stairs (a laugh). I have known of the organization from the moment I took my place. 1 know what the character of legislation must be under such circumstances, and I succumb at once to the position in which I am thereby placed. The hon. member for East Hobart has thought it becomiug to remark on the circumstances in which I took office. I care not for his statements, and he cannot prove that I was ever a party in any conspiracy, leadership, or contrivance to move myself from the other House; and ah hon. gentleman on the opposite seat at the corner knows that neither directly nor indirectly did I take any part in those proceedings. I saw the state of things, and that the country was being prejudiced by it. I saw. hon. gentlemen opposite bringing forward measures opposed to their declared convictions, and if 1 had done the same I should have belied the whole of mj life. Circumstances may lead to the rejection of a man's proposals, but the fate of a man's measures is of little moment : it is a small, matter that this House should reject a measure, but this House can never charge me with having acted contrary to my convictions, or proposing measures which I had a day or two before denounced as mischievous and ruinous (cheers). I accept the statement of the hon. gentleman as to the failure of our measures, but the failure of measures is to be regarded as we estimate the judgment of those who condemn them. I say, however, as I have said before, the inevitable policy for this country is a policy which diminishes the general administrative responsibilities of the. Government, and increases those of localities. I said so twelve years ago, and I adhere to it still ; and probably the gentlemen who may occupy the Treasury benches next year wjll find it . necessary to adopt -that principle. I am pot so. versatile, and my self- respect. forbids my making changes in policy, the result of motives which have no business to actuate public men. I do not desire to follow the various statements with regard to a Northern Confederacy. I have learnt that I have occasioned some dissatisfaction from my indifference to appeals on small matters by hon. gentlemen on this,,side ; I have incurred reflections from them for n)t consulting them, and till this day I hi,ve had no verbal communication on the svbject of the L. and W. Railway, and no clange has been made as the result of any aigument addressed to me as to what was intended. I .view the question on public grounds I have never been a local representative,- I never was in favor .with th3 promotersof theL. and W. Railway, and th; most stringent clause in the Act was a cliuse introduced by myself after the bill hai reached the other branch-of the legislature, and accepted by the promoters of th> bill. Therefore I can repel the accuiation of surrendering the interests of thi country to the interests of party, and stil more, for the sake of advantage to nrself. The hon. gentleman has enumerated various measures. rejected during thi session; but has not included one : I trist, however, that whatever change may tale place the decision of the House, cone to by a large majority, will not be forgoten, namely, that on the disestablishment of Port Arthur (cheers). I think the hon. geiileman opposite, with a rudeness unpriyoked and unjustified, assailed me. in reerence to ray statements the other ni4tas to the Charitable Institutions ; I afforded him no justificationforthatcourse; he id dressed'the House feelingly, touching, and (went on to say he saw; a girl at thiftueen.s Asylum talking to a man, but he lid not take pains, to enquire whether tlu,girl had. a father. I counsel liim ,to loa to that .moral lazar house,, which awits the pruning and .improving. hand, Jam ..although I regard .the position I jow. Jinijmyself' in attributable in some measur^o the course I felt it my dujy.to take on 4at question,- I.[cheerfully .acquiesce ii te result, if.Ihavebymy action contribute'to put an end,, to that, disgraceful repcitory of infatny and crime, (cheers). ; Tla MINISTER 't>F LANDS, in referece to what was (said by the Treasurer hat k was prepared to succumb, observed that that was not the case with him, for he never intended to die till he was killed (a laugh). If the whole country insisted that there should be a change of policy, what was the use of his going against the views of a whole country 1 The hon. member gave some explanations in reply to observations in reference to the withdrawal of the Waste Lands Bill, and said he had that day given notice of a motion for leave to introduce another bill which would omit, the 0th section, in other respects the bill would be the same as the bill withdrawn. After enumerating the measures he would like to see adopted, and referring to the business of his department, which he said was all in order, he concluded by assuring the House that if the vote were adverse he should willingly retire from office and bear all his robes about him (a laugh). Mr DOUGLAS said it must be apparent that the Ministry had not the power to carry their measures as they should do, and it was desirable that the question should be tested. As regarded the railway he thought it would only be reasonable that the district should have the benefit of the earnings, although to a great extent he agreed that there was a desire to repudiate their engagement on the part of the district, and it was only a pity that excuses had been held out to them. He (Mr Douglas) should have preferred to see them saddled with thd whole amount. Looking at the measures of the Ministry, what had they done ? except the Customs Bill which had a narrow squeak (a laugh), there was nothing done. Ought they to be in a position not to carry their measures ? There was probably ratting going on, and the Ministers might get a majority of one, perhaps two ; but what was the use of things going on as they had been going on ? None whatever, and therefore the issue raised by the hon. member for Central Hobart was a very proper one. He thought there were more men in the House than the three on one side or the other. Whatever the result of the division he hoped matters would be allowed to progress ; the better way was to decide at once, and get other men who should enjoy the confidence of that House and be able to carry their measures. Mr SCOTT said it was entirely at the instance of the member for Fingal, and others, that the rate was imposed, and he read from that gentleman's speeches in several sessions to that effect. And he contended that those gentlemen who promised to take their share of responsibility should come forward and redeem that pledge. He also read from one of the petitions to show who they were. Great expectations were held out as to the advantage to be derived from the railway, and the improvement of property. The hon member referred to the rates of fares, and what he considered a disparity between them, which was an injustice. Some of the ^ates he considered itoo low as favoring the inhabitants of certain parts of the district. He expressed his confidence in the present Ministry, Dr BUTLER looked upon the question in a different light to the hon. gentleman. The (question was had the Government carried out their measures as they ought to have done 1 He (Dr. Butler) thought not._ Not a single measure had been carried out as proposed. Tliey had taken a discreet course in withdrawing certain measures, but was it a fair course in their taking on themselves the responsibilities of Government without being able to carry out their measures? They had not fulfilled their functions, they had failed to fulfil them, and he (Dr Butler) did notthinktheHouse should accord them their confidence. What guarantee had they that the Ministry could do better for the future I Even a trivial bill brought before them could not be passed without assistance on that side of the Hoiise, But looking at the question of policy they had failed in carrying it out, but altered it from day to day, and what could'be the opinion of the House as to such a mode of government ?. They had no doubt felt that they were incompetent to cany on their measures, and, therefore, they had challenged the opinion of the House. Mr SWAN said there could not be a doubt that some change was necessary. He reviewed the histoiy of the 1 L. and W. Railway, and mentioned the opinion of the late Sir Richard Dry that there was no finality in legislation; and he (Mr Swan) had become painfully aware that as to the railway there' was no finality in legislation, which was •evident by the way in which the railway district clamoured to that Bouse' in repudiation of their obligations.- He (Mr Swan) had been several times in a small minority on the question, arid lie should not be disposed to go any farther in the way. of concession. As to the transmitted .difficulties referred to by the hon. Treasurer; they had certaiiily proved far too great for him to cope with. He (Mr Swari)jsaid he thought the question was p|it fairly 'by the amendment of the hon. member, for Central Hobart, and he should suppoitit. , ! Mr CLERKE, in allusion to the Launcdsttrn and Western railway said' it was . ajpity hon.J members did not go to the-* commencement. It was a private- company altogether, and the residents, were deluded l>y die promoters of tlie scheme- Was it ever heard of that a whole district Iiad been made liable for the action of a private company ] One misstatement had reference to the estimated passenger traffic, and that was what induced liiui (Mr Clerke) to retire from it. There was not such another example in any civilized country, and the Executive of tlie day were reponsible for the delusion. He did not say those who put it forward did not believe it; but the Executive of the day did not do their duty in yielding to the political influences by which they •were surrounded. Mr YOUNG said he intended to vote for the amendment, as he had come to a different conclusion since he voted agamst fee last resolution of want of confidence. His idea then was that the Ministry should have a fair trial; that fair trial Iiad been given, and the Administration had been found wanting, and had shown that they were in a pitiable position, and were not able to carry out responsible government as a Government ought to be able to do. He could not Eijtee with them 011 the question o£ the. railway, and did not think the liability of the district should be reduced from £15,000 to £7500 as proposed. He thought the Ministry was a rope of sand, aud exemplified the truth that a house divided against itself could not stand. Mr MILLAR was glad the lion. GoL Treasurer had taken the course he had. li was true they had been in session seven weeks, and he attributed it to the obstaructiveness of the members of the late Ministry, who seemed determined to come back to the Treasury benches ; if they did, he hoped they would do justice to the country. The position of the Ministry was one of more difficulty than that of their predecessors. He (Mr Millar) wished to give his opinion of the oppressiveness of the rate, and the injustice of the way in which the district had been treated, especially as the understood principle had been departed from, and in his view the district was perfectly justified in asking to be placed on an equal footing. Mr CASTLEY opposed the amendment, and spoke of the obstacles to the progress of business by the members of the late Ministry. He complained of the country members being detained there to hear the long speeches on the other side on questions of no earthly importance, and with a view to throw stones at the present Ministry. As to the Lauhceston and Western Railway the feeling in the district was that they had been treated unjustly, in being made liable for the Main Line. Why the difference should be made—why they should make fish of one and flesh of tlie other— he could not tell. The Main Line was as much a local work as the L. and W. Railway. The lion, member for East Hobart had forgotten to refer to the confiscation of £50,000, the capital of the Company, for which there was no probability of a return in the shape even of interest. The shares of that railway at the present time were not worth 6d. AS to a Northern confederacy, he (Mr Castley) knew of none ; the lion, member (Mr Chapman) lost his seat not through a .Northern confederacy, but through his misdeeds, and if he regained the Treasury benches he would be subject to the same vote of want of confidence as before. That hon. member had taken every opportunity of flinging a stone at the inhabitants on tlie other side of the island, or rather their representatives. He regretted the party feeling that had prevailed in that Mouse—party feeling based on locality, which was evinced to the damage of the whole community, for there was no more mischievous proceeding than that caused by faction. He concluded by saying lie had not heard any good reason for voting for the amendment (cheers). Mr CHAPMAN disclaimed any desire to set South against North, but said he Sound that after all the efforts he made to promote the interests of the North he was assailed not only by hon. members, but by the press of the North, as one opposed to them. But he (Mr Chapman) felt that as a representative of the people he had to consider the interests of all the colony, and not alone the special interests of a few. Yet he had gone as fat as he could in relieving the district. He put it to hon. members who did not represent railway districts, were they prepared to sacrifice the general interests in favor of a section of the -community ? Did they think the time had arrived when they would throw the whole liability on the colony, and involve the various districts in a €d rate ? As to what had been said by the member for South Launceston on the question of •confiscation, the Government had stepped in to finish the works and to work the 1 Sine, and there was no . ground to talk of confiscation. They had heard the statement of the hon. the Treasurer .iis the effect that he had withdrawn his measures from which, he anticipated a revenue of £15,000 to £18,000, and yet the hon. gentleman had not given them the* slightest idea what he proposed in order io meet the deficiency} he (Mr Chap- man) never heard anything more preposterous. In the course of his remarks, Mr Chapman alluded to the imputation that he and his late colleagues had obstructed public business, , and said he treated that as not -worth, five minutes' consideration. When the Government proposed bad measures it was their duty to oppose them, and so far from obstructing they were doing the public .business by watching that bad measures were not passed. It was their duty to prevent bad legislation. They would not be doing their duty by allowing bad measures to pass. He expressed.his concurrence in the motion, being of opinion that without a majority it was impossible for the Government to conduct business with profit to the country. As to the personal attacks on himself,; ,he. (Mr Chapman) could afford to treat tliem with the contempt they deserved (hear, hea,r). Mr O'11E ILLY spoke in support of the amendment, and said the present Ministry had, in opposition, advocated a policy quite contrary to that which they had brought forward now.they were in office. Mr DOOLEY moved an adjournment. The TREASURER said the sentiment of the House seemed to be that there would, if any, be only a narrow.majority, .and if there was to be subsequent debate it would be much better to decide it at once: the interests of the colony demanded it. Besides, if the hon. member pressed liis motion it would place him (Mr Innes) personally in. a disagreeable position. Therefore he hoped the hon. gentleman would have some consideration for the circumstances in which the Government, were placed, and withdraw the motion for adjournment (hear, hear). Mr DOOLEY was about to offer some remarks oh the question before the House J when The SPEAKER said having spoken once he was not entitled to speak again (laughter). Mr GRAY said a large field had been traversed over as to the progress of governments for a number of years. If they were to take that view, they would have very little confidence in hon. gentlemen on one side or the other. No less than 1,000,000 acres of land, had been sold since the introduction of . .responsible government, and not one farthing of the proceeds wasnowavailable, and £1,000,000 of debt had been created. He trusted if it were necessary to have. a liew government they would seek for: men who were neither seekerB for,nor hadbeen possessors of, office. He felt himself placed in an awkward position, but he should not shrink from what-he considered to be his duty in voting for the amendment. Mr HOUGHTON could not allow the hon. member • for 'West Hobart to sit down comfortably 1 in his seat 'without saying a few words.- He hoped if there was a change of Government the hon; member would be appointed collector of the railway rate (1 laugh), and li'e could' 1 tell him.'this, that if he went among his' countrymen in the Deloraine district,: with 1 his head on, he would not- come 1 away with it (a- laugh). * He was glad' the hon. tlie Colonial Treasurer had entered soj fully into the -matter of the' Launceston; and Western Riilway, for he - (Mr' Houghton) had been reading up for the' occasion/and if the' J hon.'member had read his notes he -could not have hit it! more nearly (a laugh).- In further re-! marks the hon. member spoke of tils' hon. member (Mr Chapman) as having misbehaved himself as member for Laun 1 ceston, and said the ex Ministejrs could not carry on the -Government, ane another dissolution had better tak^ place. They had been here seven -weeks* and what had been done? Echo saic? what ? Nothing had been done, .buf letting off the wind-bags (a laugh.) They did not want the wind-bags on that side! He spoke of the -railway, admitting fot the sake of argument that the district was liable for a rate, but he did nor' believe it (a laugh). It had been said ni petitions had been -presented against -tm rating bill, but the reason for that wat that it was smuggled, through the legislature, and there was not time to sent* petitions. But that could not be sait| now, for there were four petitions' againsj that very measure, and others "were coming. He (Mr Houghton) said hi 1 remembered well the hon.' member (Ife Giblin) said when the measure for iin? posing another £100,000 on tlie district was before the House, that they should have gone again to the poll.. "Li fefpr enceto petitions, he trusted hon; taieinbferi would make themselves acquainted witl] them, for many petitions came to 1 tha^ House to which no attention was' Jiaid] and what' was the reason? Wh^j tha hon. members did not stick up for titer 1 rights, but he trusted they would ' db's? and come boldly and tell the TreasW it' would be an impossibility to collect^1 26 rate.The hon. the Treasurer Baid . fe' intended to collect more, but the Go^eif- .ment might -look for quiet, peaceabWiM sistance; (cries uf f'no,V ^'yes"). Thy knew what could' be done in; England.! they need not go to Ireland, where, thfrj were accustomed to take the bull by te horns (a laugh), and if a thing were bt got by blarney they would have blod. But'here there would be quiet resistance. Agreatdeal had been said about a letter from Mr Gunn, the rate collector; and he (Mr Hought6n) contended he would not haVe done his duty if he had. not Bent that report to his " chief," and that "chief"- would have been wanting in his duty had Tie not laid it before the House (hear j hear). Hie (Mr Houghton) must contend that if the district were liable for any rate at all,' it was . the interest on £150,000, which came to £9000 a year; they had paid £7500, and theite was a balance on the working of the line which was entitled to bereckohed in. He should support the going into committee. Mt GIBLIN, with reference to an observation of the hon. member for Norfolk Plains, Jsaid that in 1869 lie objected to the bill then before the House, because he thought it not fair and equitable to impose a liability of £100,000 on the district without its consent; but of course, after it became law it was /no longer' open to dispute. But that was taken into account when the resolutions to relieve the district were proposed. Mr LEWIS supported the amendment. Mr HENRY said lie intended to vote for going into committee. The Act only made the landowners liable, but a grievous injustice had been done to the tenants by imposing the rate upou them. He (Mr Henry) concurred with the hon. member for Norfolk Plains' that the district was lio't liable for more than the interest on £150,000, because when the additional liability was imposed the district should have been polled ; as that was not done it : should at all events be relieved to that extent. And the landowners were willing to pay to that extent if they were relieved of 'the liability for the Main Line ; they were even willing to pay it in perpetuity on those terms.' The hon. member for East Hobart had spoken of the want of conscience of those who objected to tlife rate, but he (Mr Henry) would ask where was his (Mr Chapman's) conscience in trying to fix 011 a district an unjust lia-' bility, seeing that he was driven to adopt that measure or to accept the alternative of going out of office ? 'However, the course taken was a grievous injustice to the district when tlie principle was'violated. They had been termed sturdy beggars for knocking at .the Treasury door. For himself h§' (Mr Henry) would say they might be sturdy beggars, in the view of the opposite side; but let' them first listen to what was the fair and reasonable view of the North and North-' West district, which comprised one-third of the population of the island. It was self-supporting, and the district .was' -Willing to take every respdnsibilityj and' relieve the general Government 'of local expenditure iandmatters'of that sort. They' were " sturdy beggars " when they knew they were right, and only wanted simple justice. They'liad been deceived into the bfelief that when that main Tbill 'was passed there should be an amalgamation of liability, that, in point "of fact, tlie loans bill and the taxing bill should go hand in hand. Reference had been made to ' the collector of the rate. '/He-(Mr Henry) thought a' more happy, ^appointment'could not have been maae j for he" did not think there was another man in the island who cpuld have managed so well. 'It had .'been"a bitter draught to swallow, and. the district was determined not to pay morfe than a is rate. They .were. willing to allow and , were prepared to pay their share of Is for tie' -purpose, i They were willing to pay it now, though they did not admit, their "liability, but rather, than there. • should ' be any more of the railway question ooming up as it',' did on every'occasion, and to enable the matter to Tie .settled, they would do it. He (Mr Henry) knew that statement w,as not acceptable to the Treasury benches, and hp reserved his right to go into the question when it; came before the House in discussing the hill to te necessarily brought in for carrying! on tlip L. and W. Railway. As to the general measures of the Government, although he took exception to some of'them,'.he could not support the amendment to eject the present, Executive from office; that, he thought, would be ! goingfrom,bad to worse. It was better to put up with the ills we know of, than to rush on to tliose we know not,-of. He believed they would be doing wrong to disturb the present Government, in their seats, a grievous wrong, not only to • ithe Northern districts but to the whole, island. : Therefore he should opposp the, -motion of the hon. member: fpr Central , , HoTiart, (cheers). ,'. ,'•'...";'' Mr BELBIN referred to the raQway question and the advantages derive^, by the Residents, and saidit was notffair to rj twit members; on that pide witji 1 exacting : the pound of 'flesh. He Hoped tie matter would be settled, and that was his seasons for'^voting-for the amendment, in doing r whipjhjie disclaimed factions motives, • : ; ^ diwipii then took placeqntheques-: tioh that tiie words,.proposed to; be left, r out remain pprfc of thequ'esjtaon :— \- •;}!!Ayes, 16. . ..m. .'iJtoesj 16. Innes . Chapman- ' Jackson Meredith Castley Giblin Butler Swan 'Houghton Douglas • Scott O'Reilly Cox Keach tDlerke Gray Dooley Young Millar Lewis Lette Wilson Whitehead Moore Gunn Saliei Riddoch Hodgson Henry (teller) Belbin Mitchell (teller) The Amendment was then agreed to Adjournment The TREASURER thought under all circumstances, and seeing that in House there sat gentlemen on each si/ who had been respectively voted unwortli! of confidence, it was incumbent on til Executive not to act without duo con sideration; and therefore he moved tin! the House adjourn till Friday at 4 o'clock. The House adjourned accordingly ai 1\. 40 a.m. on Thursday. 