(From tíae Courier. ) I LONDON, November 27. I Tho wool sales opened this evcniug. The arrivals for- the sales amount to fifty thousand hales, Sydney and Capo wools predominating. The homo huyera exceeded the f oroign buyers, hut the eagerness usually exhibited on opening days was absent. I'riccs remain unchanged, except for Capo wools. Tho Tichbourne case has concluded. ( America coutumes to make naval prepara- tions, to provide for the Spanish difficulty. Spain has been unable to force a concession in tho tonna of the American ultimatum. -=- -: A cORKBSFoyuKNT scads us au elaborate essay on mosquitoes, which he declares arc moro malicious at Maryborough than any- where else. "There they not only attack you in thc dark still night, hut also in broad open daylight; they arc sccu at all times aud in all places. They hare very good taste though, and would rather go through a Wellington boot to get at a white man, than be seen in thc company of a black- fellow. I really envied tho poor blacks at Maryborough. They seemed so perfectly happy and took uo heed of the mosquitoes." The writer goes on to describe tho horrors he endured during a night spout oir board the steamer in tho Mary Uiver, hut wo suppress it out of merciful consider- ation for thc feelings of our readers. Ile also pourtrays thc terrible eouditiou nf a fellow-passenger, who rushed out of his berth almost /» puris naUiralibus, and conducted himself like a person bereft of reason. Our correspondent at iirst coucludcd that thc unfortunate fellow was under thc influence of intoxicating liquors, whereas he subsequently discovered that he was under thc still more dreadful influence of mosquitoes, lu fact, tho mau hod been a teetotaller for two years, but thc mosquitoes drove him to drink, and to taking illicit possession of another man's wife and children-a thing, remarks the writer, that no man in a sound state of mind would have done. We hope our correspon- dent docs not intend to palm all this upon the public as a true story. Tho ntmost wo feel inclined to say, at any rate, is tint it may possibly he founded upon foci. WK hoar that it is propjsod ta give the children of the Sunday School of St. Paul's Church of England, a treat, on Wednesday next (Separation Day), hy taking thom, to Kalka, where refreshments and amusements will lie provided. TIIBIIE has hoon a alight from in tho river for two days past, which may ho taken as au indication that tho late tlumdsríUiwora have boen pretty general up-couutry. Thora was some appearance of a clear-up last evening, and there seems a prospoct of a few days' linc weather again. STATE of the Hospital for thc weak ending December ¡i, 1S7S :-Admitted during ?' tho week, 3 males, 1 feinilo ; discharged during thc week, 2 males: remaining in hospital, 25 males, 9 females ; total, 31. Nine patients in the special ward. Visiting Committee for thc mouth ot Docorobsr-lt. L. Dib Jiu, Esq., G. II. Shaw, Esq. AN information for assault aud battery by Sarah Vale, the matron of tho Rockhampton Banevolout. Asylum, against Mary Smith, one of thc inmates who is both deaf aud dumb, was heard yesterday in tho Police Court bcfnro tho Police Magistrate. The defendant ap pcarod to bo unable to understand tho charge or comprehend what was going on in Court, and Mr. Macarthur adjourned tho ciso until to-morrow (this) morning, for the at temi ance of à properly qualified interpreter. A MRRTIN" of tho coin nittco appointed hy thc late meeting to prepare a report and bring up rules for tile use of thc proposed Rockhampton Chamber of Commerce took place yesterday afternoon at the Municipal Council Chamber. Taking for their guide tho constitution and hyo-laws of the Brisbane and Sydney Chambers, tho committee suc- ceeded iii getting rather more than half- way through their work, and will bc ready with thc report iu a few days. Omi town readers will bo glad to learn that thc Municipal Connell hope shortly to bo in a position to call for tenders for thc erection of thc water-works. As stated in the Town Sur- veyor's report on Thursday, the drawings had been received from Mr. William Smith, and the whole will bo ready for submission to thc Council next week. We believe the Council expect to rcacivc an answor from England shortly hy telegraph as to thc cost of pipes there, which will be a guide to them ju calling for tenters in th ! c)lonic3 should that courso bc determined upon. TIM: Springsure and Biroo mail did not arrivo last evening. A memo, was received by Mr. Daly, from tho Postmaster at Gaius ford, statiug that Mr. Hardy wai a day late with tho up-mail, thc mail having bcon too heavy to pack, and was therefore sent by a conveyance, which capsized on thc road, and injured tho mailman. The Postmaster at Gainsford detained thc returning mailman for a day, until thc Springsure and Barcoo mails would arrive, but up to yesterday morning they Iud not appeared. Thc surmise is that swollen crcsks between Gainsford and Spring- sure arc tho cause of delay. Thc return of Mr. W. 0. Hodgkinson for the remote electorate of Bourke, adds another to thc list of members who, we hope, will form a compact northern phalanx, and demand not only their full share of tho loaves and fishes, but also thc adoption of some system of expenditure which shall bc a permanent guarantee against future injustice. Of Mr. Hodgkinson'» opinions on education and other questions of the day we as yet kuow nothing, his publishcl address having boen almost exclusively devoted to mining mid purely local topics, but he is a mau of great natural ability and considerable cultivation, so that it may bo cxpoctod that his vote and influence will be always on thc side of liberal and onlightoned legislation. A NOT inconsiderable portion of the public arc much excrcisod at thc resignation of thc local Postmaster, which was announeod in our issue of Thursday last. The number of persons in this community who consider themselves qualilied by ability, education, and character to fill a post whoso emoluments nrc worth some £190 a-ycar, almost surpasses belief. Such persons, however, should recollect that amongst the employes of thc Post Office department there aro gentlemen not only fitted for thc office hero, but also having claims to it through long scrvico and good conduct. Such vacancies do not occur every day, and unless thc Government prove far more corrupt than we believe them to bc, thc appointment will first bc offered to thc gentle- man who by seniority iu thc service and faithful discharge of his duties is entitled to it ; and if he do not accept, it will, we presumo, he tendered to the next on the list. In au ] appointment like this, for which a special training is necessary to the efficient perfor- mance of tho duties, wo fail'to see how nepotism or any kindred influence can succeed in briuging in an' outsider. Such a courso would operate most unjustly, not only to thc officer entitled by long service to promotion, but also to a number of subordinates, who all fairly expect to move a step upwards on occa- sions such as this. Political influence is said to he strong, hut wc hope that in this case it will be unavailing against the just claims of thc officer entitled to thc appointment. THE December sittings of the Northern District Court will commence on Monday morning thc 8th instant at 10 o'clock in thc Court House, East-street, before His Honor Mr. District Judge Hirst. Tho Court will then sit in its criminal jurisdiction. There aro only two oases for trial, as under: Charles Taylor, false pretence, Richard McKclligctt, larceny. Thc Civil business will commence, as usual, on Wednesday morning. Tho following is the list:-IJnde ?fended causes-J. Headrick and Co. fl. ll. G. Fairfax,promissory note, £72 15s. 2d.; J.Head- rick and Co. ». H. Friend, goods sold, £55 4s. Od. j ll. J. Robinson v. Philip Hardy, goods sold, £59 Us. 3d. ; Charles Pybus v. J. D. Watson, dishonoured promissory note, £25 9s. Od.; F. H. Hobler v. It. Holt, goods sold, £209. Defended causes :-Wing Wah and Co. v. C. S. Campbell, goods sold, £32 ; W. Sheehy v. G. Arnold and J. Gilligan, goods sold, 12 Ss. ; W. Sheehy v. J. Gilligan, goods sold, £.10; W. Sheehy v. G. Norman, goods sold, £11 DJ. Od. ; W. Sheehy v. F. Aruoh', goods sold, £30 13s. 8d. ; W. Sheehy v. G. Norman and F. Arnold, goods sold, £12 3s. 3d.; L. Goldhammor v. R Trifiett, work and labour done, £30 ; T. Adams v. Angus M'Lood, detinue and con- version, £20 15a. 2d.; C. lt. Giles v. F. H. Hobler, detinue and conversion, £30 ; H. Hill and others v. Audrcw Todd, goods sold, £22 Os. 8d.; Chas. Peters v. H. Vcspennaim, deceit, £200 ; Thos. Page and Another v. F. Shudall, balance of partnership, £209 ; Thos. ? Pago and Another v. F. Shudall, money lent, I £20 13s. Std.; J. Livingstone v. G. Harrison, j malicious prosecution, £100. Applications tor writs of CIT. tn. ¡ Joseph Williams v. David I Williams ; A. L. Bourcicault v. Phillip Hardy. MAIM for Brisbane, vii Gladstone and Maryborough, per Lady Bowen, s., will close at thc Post Office at ll o'clock ou Monday morning. Wi; havo been requested to notify that to prevent inconvenience, all witnesses summoned i to the present sitting of tho District Court, j aro expected to ba in attendance at 0 o'clock each morning. Av adjourned mooting of the Committee of thc Rockhampton Benevolent Society took place yesterday afternoon at thc School of Arts. 1'rosent-Mrs. Hunter (Lady Presi- dent), Mrs. Heddek {Lviy Vico-PrcsüWt1, Mrs. Hcadrick (Lady Secretary), with Mes- dames Macpherson and Leigh, and tho Hov. Ii. Hartley. The Lady Secretary announced that thc meeting had been convened for thc purpose of considering the lotter received from tho Hon. A. H. Palmer, aud it appeared to her that a suitable reply should be sent by tho outgoing steamer. A long discussion ensued, in which the Lady President stated that the sick immi- grants and convalescents from thc Hospital were a great tax upon thc.funds of thc Society, mid rendered tho erection of a moro com- modious building absolutely necessary. Mrs. ftcddck proposed, and Mrs. Ferguson seconded, that Mr. Palmer's letter bc acknowledged with thanks, end that his sympathy and assistance bo respectfully requested, and that as thc matter of thc application for a grant of land, and funds with which to erect a suitable building, came under thc department of the Hon. C. J. Graham, the Minister for Linds, correspondence should at once bo opeucd ur with that gentleman. This was carried. Thc Lady Secretary was instructed to write to all thc clergymen, aud also to thc difieren! stations within the district, requesting theil co- operation in raising funds for thc proposed building, and tho mooting closed. " BOHEMIAN' " is often amusing, but seldom infallible. In thc extract below, thorc ar< people who will assort that he has got hole of thc " wrong end of the stick :"-A strikinf illustration of thc absurdity of a poor mat going to our law courts iu thc expectation ol obtaining justice is furnished by a man nanice HcnryMàcobs, a digger from Morinish, whi has been lingering round Brisbane for thc los1 two or throe years under tho forlorn hopo o getting his "case" attended to. Of coursi there is not thc slightest ground for hope ii thc matter-that case will never bc attendee to again, unless it is brought on at thc great Dai of. Judgment. Jacobs came from Sydney ta Rockhampton in 1SG7, with £430 in his pocket and soon after purchased for £120 a third shan in thc Welcome Reef, Morinish. This rec turned out so well that other people, influcu tial people in Rockhampton, thought thc; would like a share iu it. Jacobs' partner ii Roekliampton would not scud him pon der, am thc mau could uot get it without fetching, s he went to Rockhampton for it, and dircctl; he was gone his claim was jumped by one c the "inflcutials" before alluded to, severa others coining in afterwards for proportional shares of tho spoil. Jacobs was a poor ma and a stranger, so he never stood the ghost c a chance of getting lu's claim restored to him and his proper course was to give it up an go prospecting for a new claim-but he coul uot ho made to sec'1 this. Thc Welcome rec was turning out at thc rate of £10 n week, third of which rightly belonged to bin and he hankered after that, engage a lawyer, who advised him to go int tho Supreme Court, where ho went and stuck fast in ni) time. He had sold all li: worldly goods and possessions to get the eas into thc Court, and of course it could not t carried on "for love." That was three yeal ago, and the ease sticks still. The Welcom reef haB boen worked out-£19,000 or bette wore got out of it, and the money has all bec spent. Jacobs has bored barristers, pctitionc tho Legislative Assembly, badgered membci of Parliament, aud wearied all his acquaii tances, with his grievance ; but all in vail He is nothing but a rough iguorant golc digger, and it is not likely that respectai)] people can bo bothered with his affairs. Tl: worst of it is that Jacobs cannot divest hiuisc of thc idoa that by some lucky chance some body'B heart will relent towards him and 1: will still "get his rights." DIVESTEH of details thc case of Armitat against Dr. L. L. Smith, which has roccutl terminated iu thc Supremo Court, Melbourn ou a verdict for tho plaintiff for £500, was i follows: In 1800 the défendent, Dr. L. 1 Smitty M.V.. A., agreed to usc his influoni with the then Commissioner of Roads, Mr. t 13\. Jones, for thc purpose of obtaining thc pa; mont by the Government of a claim wliic plaintiff had made against it. Mr. Armitaj did in I8(i!t give to Mr. Smith a power i attorney, authorising him to receive any au: that -might he awarded on the claim, ar attached to the bonds was a document sigue by Mr. Armitage, acknowledging that he ht received £500 from Mr. Smith. According 1 the plaintiffs caso, Mr. Smith advanced hi none of that sum, but the £500 was to be tl bribe by means of which settlement of tl claim was to be obtained. According, hov over, to tho ease for the defondan Armitage was indebted to him for lost be mid money lent in the sum of at least £3i when the power of attorney was signed, ai thc round sum of £500 was mentioned in ord tn leave a margin for interest, risk, and so o Mr. Jones would interfere iu thc matter, ai in 1871 the Duffy Govormncut appointed board to inquire into Mr. Armitage's clnii aud such board found £1460 to he duo to hil Parliament voted that sum, hut thc pow of attorney having been lodged at the Treasur Mr. Armitage was unable ta get thc motu without Mr. Smith's consent. Ultimately < Mr. Armitage giving a Mr. Simmons-to who the powcrof attorney liad beenassigoed hy M Smith- an order ou the Treasury for £300 ai a bill for £200 he received the rcuiaiudc Those two sums of £390 and £200 plaint now sued Mr. Smith for, contending that tin were really paid to him, and paid under coi pulsion. A Lv.Ti'Ki! from thc Rev. A. W. Murray, the London Missionary .Society, at prose residing at Cape York, is published in t S. M. Herald. After giving au account of t progress of thc mission in several of t island groups, the writer states:-"An i torestiug occurrence took place during o absence, which, on account of its bearing Christian missions, may be appropriate noticed hore. A large fishing-boat Ii Somerset on tho 16th August for some pla iu the Straits. She had proceeded but short distance when she was capsiscd. T party in tho boat consistod of fo persons--vi«,, two white men, ono whom was Mr. .1 ardine's brother, a nati boy, and a lad from Mare, Loyu! Islands, called by thc white men, Bill His native name is Wacania. lt was i possible to get tho boat righted, so thc wh men and the boy could only cling to thc ki and bc drifted hither and thither ns thc « in and tides might carry them. Everything til was in thc boat was lost, so they had ncitl water nor provisions. Billy could have sw: to the shore where thc boat was capsjz without any difficulty, but he chose rather abide by his companions, and share whatci dangers and privations might nwait the After being drifted about for sixteen hoi they were cast on silure ou Woody Islai but as there is neither water nor provisio tn lie found on the island, their condition was neatly as trying as when clinging to tho boat ; and unless something could bc done speedily, one of thc party at leaH must soon hive died. Help might be obtained on an Uland three and a-half miles distant, but how was it to be reached ? Brave Billy was equal to the occasion, and, after consultation between him aud Mr. Jardine, he determined to attempt to swim to the island, a most formi- dable undertaking for a man who had already been sixtoen hours on thc bottom of a boat, without nourishment of any kind, to under- take to swim between three and four miles against a three and a-half knot tide. And so Billy felt it. After committing himself to God in prayer, and getting ready to start, bc ¡ said to Mr. Jardine, ' Charlie, suppose mc catch tho laud mc eec you again ; suppose 1 die, good- bye.' And so lie set out in dcpeudcucc onGod, aadGod enabled j him to 'catch the land.' The needful help was obtained, and thc party rescued. Of course, their gratitude to Billy knew 110 bounds. Billy checked their expressions of it, however, Bon't tliankme,' said he ; 'thank God, it is God who has done it.' It is pleasing to add that his conduct has becu generously appreciated and rewarded. A testimonial has been drawn up, signed by Mr. Jardine and his younger brother (who is mentioned above ns one of thc surviving party), and all thc white men connected with tho settlement herc; which, with a purse containing£15, is to he presented to Billy." 