A Bushranger Shot Dead. INTELLIGENCE reached Maitland on Sunday afternoon that a bushranger had been shot dead by the police near Muswellbrook on the previous day, and the report has since proved to have been correct. The deceased man named John Johnston, who has lately served out of twelve years imprisonment in Parramatta gaol for horse-stealing and is supposed to be identical with the person who has committed several depredations in the district lately. It will be remembered that about a mouth ago a warrant was issued for a man on a month ago of horse stealing at Single- ton, and a few nights afterwards a man answering the description of the person wanted was accosted on the Long bridge, West Maitland, by constable Bowden who, however was unable to arrest him, being threat ened to be shot if he attempted an arrest. The next that was heard of the marauder was about the 21th of duly last, when he stuck up a boy named Willard at Camberwell and took a horse, saddle, and bridle from him The next depredation committed (by the same party it was supposed) was the sticking up of the Rev. Father Finn, Roman Catholic priest, of Murrurundi, on Sun day, the 27th July, The miscreant robbed the reverend gentleman of his horse, saddle, and bridle, and a purse containing seven sovereigns. This occurred at War- land's Range, about six miles from Murrurundi and close to Clark's monument. Two days after the horse was recovered, minus saddle and bridle, by constable Egan, of Muswellbrook. Yesterday constable Bowden proceeded to Muswell brook for the purpose of identifying the deceased, as the person whom he had accosted on the Long Bridge but the face was swollen and very much disfigured. The boy Willard, however, distinctly recognises the body as that of the man who stuck him up at Camber well. Oa Sunday morning sergeant Thompson proceeded in company witli Mesara. F. W. Thrum and J. F. Doyle J-P.'a, to the place where the mau waa shot, and ex amined the spot Johnston waa a native of London, and was forty-four yenra of ago. He arrived in tho colony in the ship Orpheus in the year 1863. Hoe was a seaman by pro fession. His height was 5 feet 7 inches ; he hnd dark brown hair, hazel eyes, aud a large nose, with a con apicuoua hump upon it. It is a Bomewbat singular circumstance that Johnslon was arrested by constable «weeney, ovor nine yeara ago, when ho was convicted for cattle stealiug, and sentenced to twelve year'a imprisonment. THE IK QUEST. The body of the unfortunate mau lay in a stable at the rear of tho court house, Muswellbrook, from Sun day till Tuesday afternoon, whou it was removed in a coffin and interred in the Church of England burial e round. There bad been a violeat thunderstorm on Saturday night, with vi?id (lashes of lightning, and to this circumstance waa ascribed tho advanced state of decomposition that lind set iu. Tho features were fear fully swollou uud disfigured, so much so that it was almost impossible to recognise them as belongiug to the mun Johnstou, who a short time ago was in the'full enjoyment of health and life ; but, na will be seen from the testimony adduced at tho inquest, and piven below, his identity was established beyond question ; aud it will a lso be seen that there eau now bu uo doubt that ho was the samo iudividul upon whom suspicion rested ns having committed tho series of depredations with which our readers are already acquainted. Air. T. W. Penr*e, coroner, proceeded to Muswell brook hy first train on Tuesday morning, and hold an inquest iu tho court-house on the body. Mr. Superintendent; Morisset was present and con ducted the oxainiuntiou of 'thc witnesses. The coroner and jurymen having viewed the body, tho following evidence waa taken : George Thompson deposed ¡ I am a sergeant in the police forco of New South Wales, stationed at Mus wellbrook. I have seen a dead body within the precincts of the court which I have recognised as that of John Johuaton. I am aware that a warrant waa isau«.d for his apprehension, which I produce. I knew Johnston ten years ago The body of tho mau I allude to is that of the man for whose apprehension a warrant had heen issued. In consequence of information I had received, I went to Wybong Urcek, in company with mounted trooper Sweeney. We were joined by conatable Rutherford, and proceeded to Wybong Creek, where Johnston was supposed to bo. Wo then went to Sandy Creek, to the residence of a man named Donnewald, and on arriving there I cautioned the others to bo very care ful, as Johnston was supposed to have firearms in bia poasnasion. On our arrival there wo found that Johnston had loft about half nn hour before, and gone to a place called Doublo .¿illly, about four miles distant. When wo arrived nt Doublo Gully, wo saw a horso with a saddle and bridle on, tied up to a fence uenr a house. This house is situated in a gully at thc foot of a hill. If wo had followed tho road straight up to tho houso Johnston could have seeu us coming, aud I therefore ordered tho men to dismount and tie their horses up. Thia was about sixty or seventy yards from the house. We then ran up to thc house, and constable Rutherford called out. " man, mau." I then saw Johnston running away across tho cultivation paddock. Behind this paddock is a high ateep mountain, towards which Johnston was makiug. Rutherford called out " Surrender, JohuBton, and throw np your hands " Wo knew he had had fire arms. Rutherford fired, but Johnston still kept run nina on, and wo were running aftor him. Constablo Rutherford fired threo or four shots after Johnston. Johuatou jumped into tho cultivation paddeck, running towards tho mountain, rfweouey turned back to get tho horses, aud a youncr mau named Brnckenrog rodo np to mo. I took bia horso from him and rodo up tbo paddock, with the intention of heading Johnston hack. V7hou Johnston saw this ho came running towards mo. He was about eisrhty or uinoty yards from mo at the timo. I jumped off tho horso und ran towards him, calling ou him several times to surrender. Ho thou turned back from mo and ran in tho direction I of tho mouutaiu. Another shot waa thou fared, ami I saw Johnston fall forward on his face, with his hantis extonded. He jumped up again, and made ono Bte» forward. At thia timo I was about twenty yaids lrmn him, and running towards him. He again Wl witb"" kuues aud elbows resting on tho ground. By this timo I had como up to within five yarda of him. Ho was loaning on his loft elbow and kopo, and waa tumbling about his sido with his right hand, as if BO»T0'"» about for a revolver. I Buid to him, " Johnston, it J on attempt to move your hands I'll fire." ,Ho,1T0""' his hoad, looked at mo fora moment, and said, iaoTv' son, I'm sorry." Thoso were tho Inst words he spoKO. Wo examined his body, and found a 1ml ot mark on nis right hip, but thero waa no blood ou him *o tuen carried him to tho hut. I cannot swear ho was alive ,"t..". ..... +""1, i,{", I A f i,n link I producá a portrait oi that two horses were stolon from Mr. Dangar s ou 17th July last; that ou tho 20th July Johnston hutt proseutcd a revo ver at consc.tblo Bowden nt Wost mn land; that on tho 20th July ho stuck-up tho Boy. . ulrick finn, and robbed him of a horse and maa* ami bridlo ; that ou tho 22ud ho Btuck up a hov n»mou Willard, from whom ho took a horso, saddle, i, Mio Thoro was n horse, saddle, and bridle at the hutH TC saddlo ar.d bridin have since bren identified as those tZfcbad öeen tal; ou from the li cv. Father Finn. John .tan was a smnrt active mau. I am certain he would "avcrbave been taken alive. He was getting away from the police, and dodging them when ho was shot, lie paddock was sui rounded by mountains. Constable Rutherford and Sweeney also gave cor roborativo evidence George Henry Lawson deposed : I nm a stockman nnd borsebreakor. I have no particular place of abode. T was living at Gundagai a few weeks ago. 1 only knew deceased by having seen him at Donuowald's. It was between three and four weeks since I first saw him there Johnston carno to Donuowald's lust saturday. 1 was at botb the Donuowald's places with him. He was plough ing there. We did not go over from Sandy Creek to Double Gully togothcr. I went over from Sandy Creek to Double Gully about eight o'clock in the morn ing. , Deceased and myself and another young man slept'together at -Sandy Gully. Johnston had comete Double Gully abnut fivo or ten minutes before the police came. When the polico came ho ran through tho bouse, ? and said, " Holy Ghost, hero's Thompson coming," He weat down tho flat from the house. Ho was about a hundred yards away from the house when tho police called on him to staud, but he still kept on running. He crossed the creek and went into a wheat paddock, tho police following on horseback. Johnston waa on tho left hand sido of tho paddock, and sorgeant Thompson was on the iusido. I heard a shot fired, and Johnston turned round as if he was going to face sergeant Thompson. After the shot was fired Johnston fell, and when tho polico went to him he appeared to be dying. Wo curried him to tho house in a quilt. When we got to the honse his feet were cold. I got a looking glass and put it over his mouth, and finding that the glass was not stained, I said to the police that I believed the man was dead. Duriug the timo Johnston was running away Í was standing at tho corner of tho house at tho side, between a quarter and half a mile away. I saw all that took place. I have only spoken of one shot as having been fired, but there were two shots fired beforo wo got into the paddock, 'lhe polico called upon Johnston several times to surrender. I am not aware that Johnston frequently carried a revolver. I have seen firearms with him, but cannot say if he usually carried them. I saw what 1 believed to bo a pistol on the night before he was shot, just as wo wero going to bod. I do not know where the pi-tol is now. 1 have seen no firearms in the house at Double Gully since tho occurrence. I never heard Johnston say that ho never would be taken alive. I have seen the saddle and bridle produeed._ iu Johnston's possession. They were supposed to bc his, by tho jury : Tho other person who slept with deceased and myself was Louis Donncwald. I do not think Johnston could have got away if he had not been shot, because he was in a wheat paddock of twenty or thirty acres and tho police could seo where he went to. It was possible for a horseman to ride quickly all round the paddock. I do not know that Johnston went by any other name. Ho was hired by Donnowald to plough. I believo the polico could have taken him without shooting Lim if they hnd waited. By the coroner : T have said that Johnston was between a quarter and half a mile away. Tho three police were on each side of him. Ho was 124 yards from the paddock fence when he was shot. I measured the distance. I did not know Johnston before this. I never met him in gaol. Kobert bowden deposed : I am a constable in tho police forco stationed in West Maitland. I have seen the body at tho back of tho court-house, but do not recognise it. I recognise thc clothes produced as having been worn by aman 1 met at West Maitland. At about half-past 8 o'c'ock on the night of the 20th July I was on duty at Wost Maitland, and saw a man who I thought was identical with a man who had stolen two horses from Singleton. I overtook him, and wished him good night. I asl:ed him whether ho had come down the country, and ho said ho bud. I asked him how long it was since ho arrived in 5/aitlund; he an swered, "On Thursday evening." I then asked him how many head of cattle he had brought down the country with him, and he answeied tSnt he had not brought down any cattlo at all-that I was b sharp. _ " Perhaps you have como from tho tin mines," I then said ; ho answered yes. I nsked him two or three other questions, and seeing that he wnB not inclined to enter into conversation with me, I then said, " Well, I might as weil be candid with you, old man. You'rejidentical with a man who has stolen two horses from ¡singleton, and I want to know where you are stopping, so that if tho parties with whom you uro stay ing can give any satisfactory account of you, I'll apolo gise for having detained you." He then replied that be was stopping at Brown's. I then said, .'ïmustgo to Brown's with you " He presented either a pistol or a revolver at mo, cocking it at tho samo timo, and said, "No. you don't, you b-wretch." Not having anything to protect myself with I thought it prudent to retreat, which I did backwards, with my face towards him. I went about ten yards back, aud theu turned round. When I got about thirty yards off ho said, "Youb-- long dog, I" sorry I didn't Ehoot you. I then ran down to tho barracks, and reported tho cir cumstance to semor-sergeant Kerrigan. I recognise tho portrait produced to bo that of tho person I speak of. Robert Willard deposed : I resido at Glennie's Creek with my father. 1 have seen the body of a man at the back of tho court-houso and recognise it as that of a man I liad seen about three weeks or u month ago at Glennie's Creek. Mo came across tho bush and stopped nie. Ho caught hold of my bridle, uud said if I did not got off ho'd shoot me. Ho put on his leggings and spurs, and rode away on my horso. '1 ho leggings produced are Bindiar to those he had on, and tho poncho he had vms similar to that produced. Ho did not show mo any firearms. Joseph Brown deposed ; I resido with my fathor at Campbell's Hill, Wost Mnitlaud, at tho Royal Oak Hotel. I have seen tho body of n nina nt the back of the court-house, and believe it to be that of John Johnston. Ho stopped at my father's house on tho 18th of July last Ho had a bay maro, DR con joined (tho D reverser), with a square tail, and two whito hind legs. I havo since henrd that ( it was Mr. Ihiugnr's horso. Deconsed slept in a room by himself. When ho left a pocket compass was missed. Tho compass produced answers tho description of tho ono missed. Tho portrait pro duced is something liko tho ui»u. Whon ho was at our placo ho had a beard. I idoutify tho h it, poncho, and *elTRÍugs produced as similar to those worn by tho mau who itayed at my father's houso. Patrick Finn deposed: lam a Catholic priest, ro Biding at Blandford. I WUB stopped on tho road on tho 27th of July last. As I was ascending tho rango n man met mo. Ho was walking. Ho caught hold of thc r-.ins of my horso, and told ino to dismount. I expostu latediva th him for a moment or two, nnd ho thou naked lae if I had any money, nt tho sumo timo putting his hand into my pocket. Ko took out a little book that 1 had. Ho then put his hand iuto another pocket, nnd took out a purso containing about seven sovereigns. Uo gavo mo buck tho book. I had to dismount ; »ntl ho told mo I could get a horso from Homo corriera who wero souio distance nlon" tho road, I walked away, and ho culled nitw mo and enid ho could .'cavo the horse for mo at Wallabadah. He took away the horso, saddle, and bridle, and a coat that was tied to tho front of the saddle. I have soon n, body at the back of tho court house. It was disfigured bv decomposition, BO that I could not recognise it. I cannot be positive that the photograph produced is the portrait of tho man who stuck mo up. Tho saddle and bridle produced I recog nise as those taken from me. There was a blue band on tho forehead strap, but that is not there uow. Thc stirrup irons aro not the same. I cannot identify the money produced Louis Donnewald deposed : I reside with my mother at Double GuLy. I knew tho deceased John Johnston. He had lately beeu staying at our house. I last saw him on Saturday lust, when he loft our house, He left I the cloak and hat produced at my father's placo- They ! were his property. Jacob De Leon deposod: I am a legally qualified medical practitioner, residing and practising m Mus wellbrook. On the evening of tho Kith instaut sergeant Thompson ri ernest? d me to go und seo a man who had been wounded at Wybong Cr«ek by the police. wiug to the storm we did not reach the place where the man wus till about 12 o'clock at night. When I reached the pince I found that the mau was quite dead. Elgor mortis bad set in. On viowing the body I found a gunshot wound on tho right hip joint, which had extended to tho pelvis or lower part of the abdomen. 1 made a post mortem examination of the body yesterday morning, and found that tho ball had penetrated clean through the bone, into the pelvis, and in all probability ruptured the bladder and some of the arterial vessels in the pelvis. In my opinion death was caused by the combined effects of shock to the nervous system and internal ho3aiorrhae;e. By tho Coroner : I have not had much experience in shooting cases, but I should think that if a man fired with a revolver at another at a distance of 133 yards, ho might strike eithor n little higher or'a little lower than the part aimed at. Frederick William Thrum deposed : I am a Justice of tho Peace for the territory of New South Wales, resid ing at Muswellbrook. I have Reen tho locality where the man Johnston was shot, and have heard tho evidence of the previous witnesses. From my personal inspec tion of the ground, and the evidence I have heard, I am of opinion that tho locality in question offered great facilities for the escape of tho deceased from the police. Having heard the evidence of the witnesses relative to the distance the man had got away from the police, I consider that if he had once reached the base of the mountain no one could have captured him, The Coroner carefully summed up the evidence, and explained the law bearing upon such cases. Tho jury retired at a quarter past 5 o'clock, and after an absence of fourteen minutes returned into the court room rt-ith n verdict of justifiable homicide. The Coroner expressed his concurrence with the ver dict of tho jury, and said he considered sergeant Thompson, constable Sweeney, and constable Ruther ford wero entitled to tho thanks of the community for their exemplary couduct in bringing .tho offender to justice.-Abridged from the Maitland Mercury. 