CRICKETING NOTES. By Square Leg. The heavy thunderstorm which swept over the city on Saturday afternoon last put an end to the continuation of the Challenge Cup match, and also all contests of minor importance arranged to come off on the Domain Ground and elsewhere. As the Cricket Association wisely allowed one Saturday to intervene between the dates of the Challenge Cup matches, tbe enforced postponement will make little difference in the fixtures for the meeting of other clubs to play for the trophy. 1 learn from tbe English telegram that the .English eleven sailed for Melbourne on the 23id October. A slight alteration has taken place in the team as originally selected, Pinder, Hornby, and Brice having retired. The eleven now consist of Messrs. G. F. Grace, W. G. Grace, Bush, Gilbert, Boult, Jupp, Humphreys, Southerton, Lilly white, Greenwood, M'Intyre, and Oscroft. A correspondent, who is an undoubted authority on cricket, sends ine the following communication touching the appended paragraph which appeared in the Herald a few dayB back : — A Kuotty Cricket Question. — A cricketing puzzle is stated by the Geelong Advertiser as follows ' In a match on Satur day, G. Bout got out in a rather singular manner* In striking at a ball, which had been called wide, he hit his wicket down, and the question aekea afterwards was, * Was not the ball, having been cailcd wide, dead 1 Did the wicket go to the credit of the bowler ? ' There is no rule providing for such a case, and if all the circumstances are studied by any cricketer, he can hardly fail to arrive at the same conclusion as the umpire, Mr. Birdsey. who gave the batsman out; tbe ball was not dead, inasmuch as if it had passed the longstop, two or more runs might have been got for it. The wicket did not count to the bowler 2 ' ' This paragraph haB supplied matter for much argu ment amongst cricketers, who apparently differ in their opinions on the point, and I have therefore been induced to offer a few observations on the subject which may help others to arrive at a right conclusion, although, as the paragraph says, it is a ' knotty question.' ' 1 may at once state that in my opinion the umpire gave a wrong decision, and that the question of ' dead ball ' is not involved. ' The ball is never dead exeept when ' finally settled ' ; ' over called,' or lost ball called, hits, &c.;, to the bound aries by agreement or batsman out, and the ball is in play again. So soon as the bowler is about to deliver next ball, it is certainly not dead in the case of 1 no ball ' or ' wide ' being called. ' The laws that touch the question are XIII. and XVIII. ' The latter reads thus: — The striker is out ' if in striking at the ball he hit down his wicket.' ' This seems conclusive, but on referring to law XIII. we find as follows : — ' If the bowler shall deliver a * no ball' or a ' wide ball,' the striker shall be allowed as many runs as he con get, and Ac shall not beput out except by running out. 'I shall not make any further comments, but leave the matter to the reader's j udgment. 'It has occurred to me that it would be to the interests of cricket if the committee of the association met for discus sion of points that might arise under the laws, and I throw out this suggestion, hoping it may have effect. Things look very unsettled in Victoria in regard to the preparations for the contest with the All-England Eleven, and considerable difference of opinion appears to exist as to the propriety of many of the selections made by the com mittee for the practice matches. ' Bat,' in the Leader , devotes a column to an expression of opinion on the sub ject, and as it may serve as a hint to our selection com mittee, the moBt pertinent portion of it may be worth quoting. He says:— 'Withthe experience of previous defeats before us at the hands of the cricketers of the old country, one would expect that steps would have been taken long ere this to get the best men of the colony together for practice. The match committee met last week, and selected a list of thirty seven players to go into practice. In the first place, let us ask, why thirty-seven P As there is but five weeks' time for our men to get into form, surely it would have been more judiciouB to have selected twenty-five, and all of them likely candidates. . The eleven extra men will be a clog to the practice of the other players. In all probability the very men who have not the ghost of a chance of being selected in the final team will attend regularly at practice, and de prive eligible candidates of the opportunity of getting their fair share. The match committee have selected too much young blood. The youngsters, no doubt, are very pro mising, but in a match like the encounter with the Eng lishmen they will be founcLnext door to useless. Batsmen who are known to have pluck, bowlers that a couple of good drives will not flurry, and fieldsmen who, if Grace happened ' to put one up,' can be depended on, are what the committee should strive to get. Of course it is ex tremely difficult to obtain an eighteen or twenty-two that possess these cricketing qualities, but still the committee should attach the greatest importance to the fact that one or two funky men in a team do more to disorganise it than any other circumstance could possibly do. I expressed my astonishment last week at the omission ef Wills's name from the list ; and when pluck and the familiarity of playing in front of a crowd of spectators are taken into consideration, my amaze ment and disgust are intensified. If Wills has lost his form altogether, then let him be discarded ; but there has been no opportunity given him by the committee of showing his fitness or otherwise for a place in the list of thirty seven.' 