He Prescotts of Pamphillon. BY THE AUTH0RE88 OF 'PQBOTHY FOX.' ? («ieTJfht«*»«Wic*tionl»Mfc«n jmrduMd by the pWt^teW2 V ? v. . , CHAPTER XIX. ? or* Bisrajwexcnsed nunself from staying beyond a fewoosSimte* at ''Sharrow* by saying' Ire had only I' ttiqUedwut to Jiave a cigar, and that finding himself at As gate; he thought he would ask Betsey to |! send Joe.Bmnoa -up to him the next day ; the truth beisc that- rrqmJ me moment dinner «si over he 'i had- done nothing but make and break resolutions. if HewouIdhftTO been *shainie3' to; acknowledge to j; himself how many times, he had turned back from Sharrows ? g-te, tejing 'to keep his purpose of not j seeing Hero that evening: He had petulantly Said I . that he ?waB1behivirig like some lover of eighteen, pos ' ? setsed by a first mad passion, which r submits to ^ , things which told Sir Stephen it was best and wisest*' Y' not to seek another immediate interview. Bat what' ' was the' istrenglh of thfese elderly spinster virtues \ compared -with the young giant's, who made his eyes' 1 ?hunger and hie ears (hint 'for a sound or a look from' '. ' -;. her, who suddenly teemed to have cast out every (J i »M, object ni life,1 ahd to hfcve taken sole and undisputed;i \- '-' posseuum el %Sm. He must go to her, he -would ask^1 [ * Jbr a 'farther explanation— who was his rival, what£ f '? - were the circumstances of an engagement, which hope jj said was perhapsnothing but a form. He would tell 1 her that, until he began to try and quench his love, '? he bad never dreamed of the mastery it had gained -j oveZ'Mm ; that with her his happiness most stand or I fall; and th'en he would entreat her to be frank with ! him, and to tell him everything, and if aught but love ',. of that other were the obstacle, nothing on earth should keep her from* him. And these thoughts filling his Sean, he walked swiftly on into herpre seseetand found 'himself face to face with Leo Des pard, lt; Weeded but a glance at Here to tell him who this new guest- was ; and, after that one look, he j kept iusgaW steadily averted from her until he said good-bye ??ithen the -coldness of her hand irresistibly ?- ' drew his *tes towards the poor little face, which, the 'f\ hot colout having died away, looked like a, faded r. flo we v white and ashen. If? 'Xeo 0espard— Despatd— Despard,' and Sir Ste ji j . phen: repeated the * name over and over to himself as l]\ ' he walked slowly and moodily along. 'I have M heard ttat name Bomewhere before, but I cannot [ : think* where,' and he' stopped, took his hat off, and [ - stood straiiring his memory ; but it would not serve f. him, uirffl, when he had nearly reached home, and i -was' thinking'. about something else, it suddenly [ flashed' 'across him that it was the name of the late [ rector of Mallett 'He was called Despard, of I- course.' He remembered now that, after his first m visit, lib mothefasked him whether he had met any I , one %l 'mat name. Perhaps she meant 'thib young V man-.^sa, shxtous to hear something more of him, he I -, turrM bis loitering pace into a quick walk, and soon h ? reached home, when he ran. tip at 6nce to the. m drawing-room, 'hoping to find his moAer ; but Mrs. I Preecott had already retired, and he had to wait [ , until %er mitia had left her. then he knocked at the p door, and.askedif Bae'would admit him. ? . . L ; ' fjSer^iJnly f corne in, my dear. I am only read '? ^SX'-jlj-**)'- '?'?? -? ?' ?' - ?? ' ? ? ? ? ' ?. Bu; efetuien isat dawn opposite to her, and after a I; 'By,' the way,. 'mother, you once asked me if I I had seen inT one called Bespatd here. Whodidjou §','.:.-: '.''/'.'f/.v ??'???'' ? ? ' . ? - in which Mrs. Pcescott had beea placing niof .hezliand, and as she stooped down al. alacrity. |o pick it up, hex, ion just ofherfaoe;' uelmatter1?. he asked. liooketLas Jf'iosietfiinB .had. gives you ?. I *-n£a'whjrjao,you.stoop4- J would have picked it v. urV'TiaTO ueAhelooked at her for an, ansWer to the I qU«^^^Jifi1^ara8 .^el^Mr. D«pard -irai 'I ? an op.JK»^6,:Df jour .^ancle's, and I gave him the .: *' l'^im^ Itpow, I know nothing of them, except that,Jbecanae he was your, -uncle's -6ieud I gave him i thehVinki' ? ? : 'Bntie has been dead for some years. 'He died when J was in Canada, I recsllect it because I iSras bo: yexjed u- think that the living had not been given to Carr.' ? . ' ' It was much better to give it to the man who has it,' said Mis. Pretcott decidedly. ' Well, ye*, according to your showing, it teemed, after he had done the duty with that prospect for so long, to be almost his right. ' Then who were these Desparde you asked if I had met r ' 'My dear Stephen, don't I tell you I know nothing of tkem ? What makes you ask ? rt ' Simply because at Captain Carthew's I was introduced to a fine-looking, soldierly young man, called Despard ; and, remembering that when I returned from Mallett you asked me if I had met any one so named, I considered you would probably know who he is. You couid not have supposed I had seen anything of an old man, who, you knew, had been dead for years ; therefore when you made the inquiry you had certainly some one in your mind.' ' Some one in my mind ! ' repeated Mrs. Prescott. ' Really, Stephen, I think it rather hard for me to be questioned and taken to task as if I was a child. I tell you,' the continued, speaking with unnecessary emphasis, 'that I know nothing of these people. Hov should I, pray ? ' ' I don't know ;. but surely, mother, there can be no possible reason why. I, premising this young man to be the eon of the late rector ot Mallett, should - not ask you if you can tell me whether such is the case. Really you appear to take it quite as an offence that you should be thought to know anything of die place, or the people.' Sir Stephen was not in a pleasant humour, and was ready to take umbrage at a thing he would, at another time, have passed over as his mother's odd way of taking things. ' Don't let us misunderstand each other, my dear,' Mts. Prescott said soothingly. ''You know that I never intend to vex you.*' * , ' Perhaps not ; but you have done so since we came here,' and, bent upon relieving his feelings, he added, 'Last evening I thought you anything but cordial to Miss Carthew, although I had told you how very kind they were to me.' Mrs. Prescott hesitated; what should she do? Tell her; son her suspicions? No} for if he meant nothing serious by his attentions she might be putting it into his head ; so she said — !' Weil, Stephen, te be candid with you, I was dis appointed in Miss Carthew. In the first place, I tipeetfd to have found her far prettier than she is ; and, secondly/ X had pictured a simple, timid, artless giil-'-8n ingenue in fact. ??'Well!' ' 'Well, my dear, I found a young lady quite able to hold. her own and give her opinion, and not at all . backward in doing bo either.' \- ? , ! ' Wby should she be ? ' 3 1-'©h, I have nothing to say against her. only your rSBfke was so utterly-opposed to anything like hoyden itpi or fastness.' .' 'So it is now, and there is not a t-ace of either in Mies Carthew. She is perfectly natural, simple, and unaffected, exactly what a, woman ought To be.' ?:?, ', Indeed ! I am rather old to have opinions thrust upon me in this way, Stephen. I should have conai- ' dered, and, in spite oi what you may think, I still do consider,- myself qnite equal to forming a correct opinion of my own sex, and I Bay that if you met Miss Carthew in any drawing-room she would be described as uneducated, inclined to be loud, and not in good style.' ? ' :. *? Then the description would be utterly fake.' 41 Ah, people see differently.' ' They do indeed, but I am very sorry that you and I should find ourselves so widely opposed.' ! Mrs. Prescott saw that she had let her temper Outrun her discretion, . Altering the tone of her voice, shcaaid— . . .. f Surelv, Stephen, I can speak to you as I speak to tnyseif. ? You know me too well to suppose that I am jgo-ng to make myself rude or disagreeable to any Jtfendsiof yours, for I suppose yoa and this young lafiy are only friendB?' and she looked fixedly at her 'feony' : . . ' . ' ' ?r' Bit Stephen gave an off-hand kind of ' Certainly,' Wr which his mother rejoiced greatly, feeling confi dent that ij he had any intention of making Hero his wife he would not have treated the question in that way. She was softened at once, and going up to him she put hex arms round kirn, saying — ' Xet us have no more discussions of this kind. Perhaps I have been a little severe, and said more than 1 meant, but I will make amends for it, and you shall not again have jcause to complain of my cold ness towards Miss Carthew. Come, Stephen, you must not be vexed, I always tell you that you have to make the best ot a foolish old mother.' But though Sir Stephen put hiB arm round her, he did not entirely relax, as was his wont under these circumstances. ?? You look so pale, dear; what is the matter?' and she looked up at him with nervous anxiety. ' I told you something in my dinner, or the wine disagreed with me. I am bilious, I suppose. I have not been able to touch anything to-day.' 'Is that all?' ' All ! and enough, surely. I-do not know when I have felt sojhoroughly out of sorts.' *? You haabpst take a dose. / can give you ? ' t' Nothing, thank you. A dose of sleep will be my remedy, so good night.' ' Good night dear. You are quite sure nothing has worried you ?' *' Quite. What could I have to worry me here ? ' f'Ah, x&y; dear, don't think PamphUlon is the only place with troubles and anxieties attached tout Annoyances will find you outicere as well as th*re.M '.,??., pit Stephen only repeated his good nigot, walked off to his own room, about which ae moved for some time, trying to master himself, and think of anything rather than the heavy burden which was lying dose to tiis heart. ? Suddenly he. flung himself into a chair, and resting his arms on the table, he buried his face in them, and sat there but a long time immovable. When at length he raisedTiis head he was paler than before. ' It's the old story over again,' he said. ?? I didn't think I should have taken it like this. I'm a greater fool than ever.' Somehow the eight of Ieo seemed to have crushed all, the hopes he had before been entertaining.. The first, glance at his handsome face and soldier-like bearing filled him with the dreary certainty that such a man was safe to call forth love. He had pictured a yonng fellow similar to those whom he had lately been introduced to ; but here was a rival of quite ^it^^^^^46-b#»J5PP*^^htm4fiag^ tha TattacniBent TfidHtoted. If he was the rector's childhood, fljpdl he 'fiftied i hopeieisbK^ '^^n%.?it H&o; would' naltulraUy~care for a good-looking plea sant young fellow like him | and Ae. particularly if tie ; ha6 seen much of the world, how he must value her —worship her. HeroV fresh, unsJfected gaiety gave her a peculiar charm |n Sir Stephen's eyes, ' a . charm which, unknown 'to 'himapif, he '''?»- , now far more than if he had been ten years younger. His spirits seemed te rise to the level of hfera, his. htart grew light in the sunshine of her jojonsnu*— she setmed able to infuse info him that youth which bis great disappointment had pre maturely quenched. He saw that she was neither so clever nor so beautiful as many of the women he constantly met; but all she said and did seemed to find aa echo within him, and was thus invested with an interest, which daily grew more and more neces Earv to his happiness. That same nightT after leaving Hero, Leo on his part underwent a tolerably 6harp struggle with, in his case, that most formidable of all opponents, his own inclina tion. This prompted him to go the next day, and upbraid Hero with her coldness and ill-temper. But if he did this there ' would be an end to all his plans and Bchemes: for, of course, after a quarrel ?would come the making up, and he would have to be more lover- like than ever. And then that fatal tempter, the temporising spirit, stepped in, and whis pertd a suggestion that he should defer all this until Wednesday, when, having met Mrs. Labouchere, he -would be in a better position to judi»e how he should act. He might see that he had not the ghost of a chance, and then the matter would be settled, and he could indulge in quarrelling with and forgiving Hero to his heart's content. But suppose that chances seemedfavourable, what then ? ?? I don't know that I could give her up,' he sighed, and, after a pause, he added, ' If I only thought of myself I should let things stand as they are; but a man of honour is bound to think of the woman who loves him. Who knowsj Sir Stephen might take a fancy to her, though I would not give much for his chance ! His title and fortune would be nothing in Hero's eyes. Poor darling ! she has seen, too little of the world for that, and it is this makes it so difficult for me. Ten to one if she would believe I was sacri ficing anything for her good/' Hu reflections finally ended in the decision to go to Dockmouth en the morrow, and bo try for the present to avoid a tete-a-tete. The next morning, therefore, Hero received, a note from Leo saying that he was going to Dockmouth on duty. He was obliged to start at once, ahd if Hero had any commissions for him would she give them to the orderly, whp would meet him on the Hard, Hero experienced a momentary feeling of relief that: the explanation, which was to end in agenerai announce ment ot their engagement, must be deferred for another day. Still come it would, and tae sooner it was over the better. ' Poor Hero ! it is hard to brood over sorrow — to sit casting it away, one moment to hug it. closer, the next —to battle with it — to sink under it — but each is easier than when, with these very feelings combating for mastery, one stands, as it were, apart from self, and rtfuses to recognise the cause for struggle. The ; most bitter tears are sweet compared with the effjrte made to bring the smiles and mask the woe. ; Happily for the avoidance of scrutiny Betsey, was up to her eyes in the business of preparation, and well pic ased to find that Hero was so willing to lend her a helping hand in the various delicacies which she 11-as bent upon setting forth before the Combe ladies. To Hero's suggestion that it might be advisable to get a few additions to the table .from the pastrycook's at Dockmouth Betsey would hot listen. ' Lor', don't 'ee let's have no cotch,' she said ; ' they have enuf a' that sort b' trade up to London. When they get's a chance o' wholesome vittabs, why, do 'ee let 'em have their fill o' it, poor souls.' 'I hope it will keep fine,' Hero; said, looking anxiously at the sky ; 'ldon'tmind far theothere, but it would be dreadful to have it wet with Mrs. Prescott and Mrs. Labouchere here.' . V;' . .: ** Why, they b'aint salt nar\fugarfo melt under a drop o' rain, any more than other folks.' ' . ' No ;, only Mrs. Fressott seems so afraid ot damp, and the gravel here gets so wet when it tains.' 'Suppose it do; the place aint» church nor chapel neither where you'm made to. lave youir pattens out side. Nonsense, my dear, nobody, can't fly in .the face of Providence; and the whole blessed day that old bull o' Jackman's has bin a helving and the donkeys a, bootin', and sooner or later they allays brings the rain.' 