®be Statelier. jMy Kate. Kate and T were earrving on a charming flirtation, and I hardly know which enjoyed it most. I was fresh from college, and whatever I Had not acquired at that classic emporium, T certainly had learned one thing by heart. This was, a firm conviction of mv extraordinary merits, „ mental, moral, and physical. With a knowledge of women drawn from the recondite volumes which form the standard library of masculine youth, I felt that I knew the sex as thoroughly as I knew the Greek alphabet ; and, not to be pur.gently unpleasant, T thought I had only to be associated with the fair but inferior creatures in order to have them, like it, at my fingers' ends. Kate was my first conquest, and a very fair one she was. A Cvnieal philosopher has ungallantly divided young womanhood into two classes — cotton-girls, and girls who are cotton. Kate was not a cotton eirl. On the contrary, she was an assemblage of fluctuant curves, warm tints, velvety softness, eve-gleams, dimples, and delight generally. Kate seemed seventeen. I have reason to believe she wa somewhat older. What a dear little ignorant thing she was! It was a positive pleasure to enlighten her understanding, and pour into her un formed but enquiring mind the rich stores of my academic learning. A mutual pleasure, for the dear girl was never weary of drawing m'e out, and making me, as she innocently termed it, show all that I knew. My enjoyment of the showing process was somewhat paled by hearing, after I had indulged in a magnificent burst, of impassioned eloquence, as we sat in the -starlight porch, the ghost of what schoolboys call a " sniyger." Not from K;ife, dear child ! she was gazing up into my face, as a neophyte may look upon a master. lSo, Kate did not laugh. May be nobody did : but the impression that somebody had, and that the somebody was seated in the diawingroom, was disagreeably acute, and it, was accompanied by that peculiar sensation best expresseidby the significant word " chaffing." There was no one in the room but Mr. Howard, my cousin, an author of great reputation, and his wife, a cousin of Kate's, who was almost supernatura'ly clever, and being Knte's cousin, could not, of course be anything that was unkind. Upon the whole, thouch, T was less addicted to Kinir Cambyses's vein after that cacchinnatory experience. We were the guests of our duet of cousins, and a more agreeable quarter to be a gutst in could hardly be desired. Plenty of money plenty of brains, and an unceasing sunniness of disposition, made the owners of " Sans Souci,'' as my genial cousin had ramed his mansion, the very model of hosts, and gathered about them all that was pleasant and desirable in the way of social companionship. . As it ; jchaneed during our visit, Kate and I ware the only very young/people of ail the gay set which gatherea^fi'at summer in., the romantic tillage near "Sans Souci," and made the latter its head-quarters—a fact of which we took ample advantage, Oh ! if those shady walks, and mountain streams, and delicate feathery ferns could talk, what might they not say, Kate, of the fond looks that were exchanged ? They may tell Kate ; I, never. My nature is confiding—always was so. I am given to understand that: in my juvenile days I was wont to play incautiously with those " little winged monsters," otherwise bees ; to pat strange curs, and indulge in acte of unnecessary civility towards alien cats—offices of attention which kept mv bands, legs, and face in a continual state of scarification, and provoked the maternal prediction that " Augustus will be imposed on by soraebo 'v, to the end of his natural life !" Nobody was imposing on me—the aforesaid Augustus—now,and the days went on asthey only can go in a delightful country bouse, with a lovely girl who is desperately in love with a fellow. One morning, when Kate had excused herself, on-the plea of a grand consultation with Mrs Howard relative to some of th mighty mysteries of dress, I wandered forlornly about, and at last stationed myself as near my absent charmer as might be, in the garden, under the window of the room in which the pretty pair were consulting. It was too high above me for more than a stray word to fall occasionally to my no inattentive ears ; but at last the sound of Kate's voice raised ai least two octaves higher than I had ever heard it, came floating out among the breath of lilies and clovepinks. ' Oh, Cousin Dora, it can't be possible !' Inarticulate murmur in reply. 'Are you certain?' came in Slate's contralto. Heply as before. I forgot, my gentility, and, yielding to a feminine curiosity, I stood up and leaned upward, in my eagamess to catch the reply. Ail in vain! It was drowned in s peal of such merry laughter that the yotsng iady from whom it came was forced to lean from the window. From this elevated position, her roguish eyes discovered we in my rather undignified attitude of eavesdropper—a sight which made her clasp her little pincushion-hands, and laugh all the louder. That evening she invited me t<j a regular ramble; and I think, sweet as she always was, she exceeded herself in sweetness. She made me tell her of my home ; of my mother, under whose widowed charge I had lived till sent to college; of the quiet simplicity of that simple abode, contrasted with the princely mansion of my paternal grandfather, whose enormous wealth was almost fabulous in extent; of the old gentleman himself ; if he was fond of me ; if I was much with him ; if I was, indeed his only near relation; then, with the most charmingly childlike artlessness would he give me all his fortune when he went where good people always go ? Dear Kate, those eloquent coral they were 1 lips—how like * Give me his fortune*!' I cried with superb independence of extreme youth. ' I do not desire riches obtained by others ! No. -Kate ; this strong right arm, and 1 the "'a which a mumfieeut heaven has granted me, are all the riches I aspire to! With them I will carve my name ' 'Yes I know you will,' said Kate. ' But it's getting late, and we'd better go home.' I felt that she was hardlv vet elevated to the position of my love; vet I could not help loving her. Deep, spiritual thinkers assert that to fasten the thoughts intently upon an absent individual, is sufficient to, in some way, bring him into communication with us. My grandfather proved the truth of the assertion* bv stepping from his luxurious travelling carriage, just one week after the evening and the event described. Whv, T am sure I do not know. I do know that if no one wanted him more than Kate and myself, there was not the slightest necessity for his presence at ' Sans Souci.' He did not enquire as to our need of him, and, indeed honored as with little of his notice, except to snub me, as his immemorial custom was, and to persist in treating me as if T were ten years old, instead of my majestic twentv vears and two months. As to Kate, he looked at her as if she were a pretty doll, and paid her such extravagant, old fogie compliments, that '1 felt indignant on her account. Dear little thing, she bore no malice, but took all he might sav with downcast eyes and s blush-rose cheeks. She did more, and showed her sweetness by a thousand delicate attentions to my aged relative, which her rare tact permitted her to imagine were the grace- reverence of beautiful youth to well- -full preserved yet apparent age. 'Ho is your grandfather, Augustus',' she would siy, with her eyes beaming in a ^strange light, while her red lips quivered. '•'"Can T do too much for him ?' He seemed of the opinion that she could not; and his opinion manifested itself in what I considered a system of positive tyranny and unjust usurpation. Drives to the principal views in the neighborhood, sometimes in company with Mrs. Howard, sometimes without her, but always without me, who was politely but peremptorily requested to ride on ahead, or behind, or in an opposite direction, as the case might be. became a daily occurrence. I chafed inwardlv, and obeyed in silence. ; for despite mv assertions of individual efforts being the only wealth to which I aspired, I had been born, nourished, and brought up on the expectation of, at some indefinite period, merging mv grandfather's very liberal allowance in the ownership of all that had been his. But while all acquiescence'to him, T rebelled to Kate, and oven proceeded to employ reproaches in the recital of my wrongs. Her argument was irresistible :— ' He will soon be gone, Augustus; I may be of advantage to you." The £ soon* was very long in coming; and as the house was filled to overflowing with guests who were to assist in a grand fancy hall Mrs. Howard was to give, it so happened that mv share of Kate's companionship was reduced to an imperceptible fraction. There was a gay group assembled one night in the lihrary, the tables of which^ were /strewed with books, pictures, engravings, and all things that contrwuted the allessential articles of costume. fKajg. was the igentral figure ; and near her, in a ifreat cha ; r —-tor he was not so strong as he wished to b<*, p->or gentleman !—was mv grandfather. She was leaning on his chair, trving, in her pretty, child-like way, to coax him into ' honoring Cousin Dora's ball 5 bv appearing in costume ; and I thought, as I looked at the pair, what a model for an artist, ' May and December 1' I spoke my thought to a yonng Belgravian exquisite who stood near me, engaged in an intent observation of a pictured Coeur de Lion, with the evident intention of reproducing it upon his own natty little body which bore the same proportion tot be ori-, ginal that a shrimp does to •?. lobster. ' Aw !' he replied, bringing the full force of bia eye-glass to bear on me. ' Think so? ' Pon honor, though, December, seems to have quite a golden glow ! He! he!' I was disgusted, and left hitn for closer quarters to Kate, reaching her just in time to hear a soft >igh fall from her full lips a 1 ? she said, ' Yes ; pearls do become me, and I love them ; bnt ' and sigh number two ended the sentence. T thought it a queer concidencs when, thre© evenings after this, t went through the e twilight, to the room usually occupied by my grandfather as a sort of sitting-room, and which T had just seen him leave, to find Kate seated there. Seated in state, too, with pearls hanging from her little pink ears, pearls bound round her fair arms, and a rope of pearls that t would have charmed a queen clasped her milk-white neck. She started up as I entered, but soon reseated herself, and told me she had been consulting my grandfather,' whose taste was exquisite,' as to the suitability of her pearls for the fancy dress she designed wearing. 'They are magnificent, Kate,' T exclaimed, 'and worth no end of money. Where did you get them'? 8 ' The gift of a dear old friend,' she said, and sighed softly. As L found a very new card on the floor after she left, on which was inscribed £ Harry Emanuel, jeweller, Bond Street,' I thought she might have made poms mistake. I have found since, that in this, as in all things, Kate was correct. Faster and faster Sew the days, and faster and faster increased the 'number of guests at' Sans Soaci. 15 I had often instituted a comparison between my charming Catherine and a kitten, and it was not an uncomplimentary one. For a softer, rounder, more playful and kittenish thing than Kate could not be desired nor discovered. Of late a change had come o^er her ; her pretty tricks and feline fascinations were merged into a dreamy demureness and a serious softness that were as delightful to me as they were suggestive. I knew the cause which had turned this gay creature into a thoughtful, absoibed, half-sad, and all-attractive woman. My coldness was the cause! Here I had won this auileless young heart ; and then, as it were, by my indifference, had thrown it back upon itself. T did not wish to marry quite yet —felt that such a course, while enriching one woman, would be rank injustice to the rest of the sfex. So I had never mentioned the matter to Kate ; and she, being a woman, and considering marriage as the* inevitable sequel of lovo, was hurt by my silence and pained by tny retioenco. I wrestled with myself, and after a mighty conflict T determined to abnegate self, and secure Kate's happiness, by making her my wife. Onnortunitv was my friend, and showed me Kate alone in the garden on the evening of the fancy ball. I thought, as T saw her bending over some flowers, and carefully hunting for the choicest, I had never seen anything more lovely. Gallantry, and very possibly her appearance, prompted me to bend down and assist her; and, while so doing, her cheek came into dangerous proximity with my moustache, which was hardly as luxuriant as, in my secret heart, t desired. Kate took it. as she never done before; and turned first a frightened look to the house, and then an indignant one on me. T hastened to assure her. < Never mind, Kate. It's all right. T am determined to marrv you. .Love like yours shall b« rewarded ! Loo> at your own Augustus'—she had hidden her face in her hands, and was trembling—' who swears that you shall bear his unhonoured name? 5 She trembled more than before, and a faint sound came from her hands. T continued tenderly : — ' Yes, Kate, it shall all be arranged. I will see my grandfather, and settle everything. It may be that lie will make it a condition that we live with him—he seems to like you! And oh, Kate, how you will grace his splendid house! Sav, sav, rriy beloved, when, oh, when shall it be ? The last nart of this sentence was not o a piece with its beginning; but she looked so pretty, shaking in her thin draperies, that 1 quite forgot everything but how sweet she was. •When.' T continued a little wildlv— 1 when, when will you be married. Kate?' She removed her hands, showed me her face, which was quivering curiously, said in a voice which seemed choked, 'T will answer to-nigh<, Augustus;' and before I could seize her hand, she had bounded off like a deer and entered the house. Two hours later T entered the drawingroom of ' Sans Souci,' and found it more than half-full of cuests who seemed assuredly of all times and nationalities. For what reason, T do not know, except in accordance with the external unfitness of things 1" had selected the dress ofMephistopheles, comforting myself that any lack of demoniac expression on account of mv youth would bo amnlv supplied by the scowl of extra ferocity which I communicated to my placid countenance. The evening passed off as such things alwavs do. and I voted it a bore ; for not only had I not seen Kate, but she had not been in the room since I entered it. The young ' exquisite' strutting under the attire of the Li"n Heart told me she had vanished just as I came-, adding that she was 'a regular stunner.' I thous&£ I had a clue to the whereabouts of the ' spiff)ner,* and that in her eagerness to relieve me of my anxiety, she had selected pot in which I could soonest find her. This wasa, certain small room communicating wfth the lib rary^ and sacred to many a sweet ness and ourselves. #Thither T betook myself; and on raising the cur'ain whtch fell over the door. I saw a light not set down in the programme, highly artistic, and decidedly the reverse of agreeable. In a large bay-window, and with the light of a dozen wax candles falling upon her, stood my Kate. When I state that she represented Margaret; that her dress, from the pearls on her billnwv neck to the shoes laced round her taper ankles, was perfect. ; that her form was bewildering, and her costume calculated to make it more so, one can easily imagine what she was. She had laid aside her little prayer-bonk, and was all-absorbed in a flower she held in her hand. T recognised it as one of those she was gathering when I saw her last, and that, most of the petals had been pulled off. Near her, with his back to me, and bending tenderly over her, was a gentleman whose dress proclaimed Faust, and whose elegance of attire and perfection of form w6re as impressive as they were unfamiliar. So intent were the nair, that I was all unnoticed, and stood n silent spectator of the pretty "Flower Scene from 'Faust.' For pretty it was. b°vond a doubt ; though, as I said, not agreeable. Kate made, it prettier. Throwing her heart in her face, she raised her dangerous eyes to her companion, then dropped them in soft shvness. Her full, velvety lips unclosed, and she said, softly, a« if talking to herself. ' Now for the final test.' Then poising the flower in one hand, she began lo pull off its petals with her satin fingers, murmuring as she did so, ' He loves me—un pen ! Beaucoup ! Passionement! Pas du tout!' with a wail in her voice as she said the last. Then looking down, and seeing one petal unplucked, she uttered a little cry, and. with a burst of joy, exe^amed, e He loves me !' ' That he does !' come from the figure beside her; and as he said those words my Kate suddenly disappeared in his direction, and all T could see of her was one fair arm, with which she clung to his shoulder, while he seemed to be holding her tight round the waist. I cou'd not remain quiescent, and see the beloved of my eyes suffer violence at the hands of this stranger, all elegant as he was. So with one bound, T reached the middle of the room, and seazing Kate's arm. F tore it from its resting-place, and with a voice thick with passion, cried out to her supporter, ' You villain V He turned slowly round, bringing Kate, clasped in his arms, with him ; and as he did so, placcd in unseemly contact with my outstretched and indignant fist the venerable countenance of my grandfather \ I was not in London when the marriage of mv eldest relative took place—in fact, I didn't care to be. And I call this little account of the cau«e why T didn't ' My Kate,' because Kate is mine— How to Cure a. Horse wmi a. Sonis Back.—Whitelead, kerosene, and l ; nseed oil mixed, form a capital ointment for the above purpose. At the present time it is being used by Mr. Klohr on a horso with beneficial result; also, on an animal, belonging to Mr. IL Gill. Mr. Jacob Kempnich lays claim to the discovery ; he states that he had used it in innumerable instances when running the mails in Queensland, and never found it to fail.—Examiner. my grandmother! 