TELEGRAPHIC. AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS TELEGRAMS. MARYBOROUGH April 9. A SALOON passenger by the Lady Bowen, named Hodgson, jumped overboard when the steamer was coming up the river to-day. A boat was lowered, but the unfortunate mun was not recovered. SYDNEY. April 9. The overland line is still interrupted near Yam Creek. The Assembly have shelved the Superannua- tion Repeal Bill by a count-out. To-day's wool sales were brisker. The Isla and Waterton sheep stations were sold by auction to-day at ten shillings per head. The Weribone cattle station realised four pounds five shillings per head, and the Nooren- doo station four pounds ten shillings. The R.M.S. Sumatra passed Gabo Island at 10 o'clock this morning. Wallis, the Victorian bookmaker, has been disqualified by the Sydney Tattersalls Club. The following represents to-day's betting on the Randwick Raceo Meeting : ST. LEOEH. 2 to 1 v, loup Garou 3 to 1 v. Patriarch 5 to 1 v. Commodore 5 to 1 v. Blue Peter. SrDSEr GOLD Cr/p. . 100 to U v. Dagworth 100 to le v. Boprievo 100 to 10 v. Priam 100 to 8 v, Vixen 100 to 1 v. Prophet 100 to 7 v. M'Calluui Mohr, taken freely. Viscu wont a trial gallop to-day which was not considered very satisfactory. La Ecino has been scratched for all her en- gagements. Abbot has been scratched for tho Trial Stakes. TnE English mail is advertised to closo on Thursday nest, April 17, as undori- For re- gistered letters and monoy-ordora, at 9,30 a.m. j noWBpapors and book- packets, at 9 a.m. ; for ordinary letters, for all placos except tho United Kingdom, at 10 a.m., and for tho United Kingdom only at 10.50 a.m. Lato-foo letters for tho United Kingdom and foreign places, via Brindisi, will be recoived at tho Post-ofllco until 11.20 a.m., and at tho A.S.N. Co.'s wharf until 12 noon. A PUBLIC tea meeting in conneotion with tho United Freo Methodist Church, Ann- stteot, will bo hold to-morrow evening. A MEETING, under the auspices of tho Quoensland division of tho Order of Eechabites, was hold last ovening in tho Good Templars' Hall, South Brisbane. District Chief Mackay occupied tbo chair, and with Messrs. Clarkson, Allon, and Fullwood, oxplnined tho objects of tho Order, which was simply a mutual boncflt organisation, based upon total abstinence prin- ciples. Sovcral questions in connection with tho working of tho society having boon satis- factorily answered, it was announced that a tent or lodgo would probably bo soon oponod in South Brisbane, and it waa arrangod that another meeting should bo held in tho same placo in a month henco, or sooner if tho wea thor settled, in order that a largo attondanco of ladies could bo socured. IN conscquonco of tho etoto of tho weather last ovening it was considered advisablo to postpone tho boncflt concert to Herr Seul. The evening fixed for tbo entertainment will bo duly announced. THE complimentary bonefit to Mr. Chapman will toko placo at the School of Arts, this ovening. Tho programme, which is really an attractivo one, will be found in our advertising columns, and if the weather proves favorable, a large audience may be reckonod upon. THE Adjutant's monthly drill of the members J of Nos 1 and 3 Companies Q V E took place | last night at the Drill room, Gcorgo street There wai n good niustci, fully sixty men of each compouy being present In oonsequenco of tho stuto of tho drill yurd it was fouud im- possible to carry out tho intended drill, and tho othei business was theroforo proceeded with This cousistod in tho distribution of land order certificates under tho Act of 1868 to tho mern bers of No 1 Company who had sorved the re qua ed period of timo Seventeen memborB re- ceived certificates, and tho majority of thosobad served six years, ono year longer than tho Act te quires, and had all roccived thoir certificates of drill ofhoicncy Tho officors of No 1 Oompany present weio Captain M'Donnell and Liou tenant Adams Amongst tbo whole body of members piosent thoro was only one mon in uniform-tho uuiformB which wero supplied four years ago having long since been worn out Wo understand, however, that tho cloth for now uuifoims for both companies has arrived Tho annual mcctmg of tho members of No 3 Company was afterwards hold at the Pohco Court, Qucon street Tbo officers present wero Lieutenants Snelling (in the chair) and O'Brien Tho oliairman, in opomng tho proceedings, impressed upon the morn bers tho necessity of attoudiug tho drill meetings if tboy wished to loop up the ofii ctonoy and disciplino of tbo corps He stated that tho principal business was tho olection of | ofheers, but lie regretted that thoy would not bo ablo to go into tho matter fully , as, though ho had brought under tho notice of tho adjutant, somo timo ago, tho fact that Lieutenant J Fowles bad had no connection with tho Company for tho past two yoars, no oilici.il steps bad yet been taken to cancel his commission. It was, ho said, very desirable, now that the I Company had sovcuty eight members tho roll, that thoy should havo the full I complement of officers In oonsequonoo of the resignation of Captain Fowles they would to night havo to olect a captain subject to tho j appiovnl afterwards of His Excollenoy the | Go\ ornor -Color sergeant Downs proposed j Lieutenant Snolling as captain, tho pioposal, which BOS loudly applauded, wos seconded by Sergeant Gartsido, who said that tho presont I efficiont stuto of tho Company was mainly owing to tho exertions of Lieutonant Snolling There being no other candidato, the resolution v-as put and carried unanimously and with ohecring Captain Snolling thanked tbo mern bers foi tho high honor tboy had conferred upon him by their unanimous vote, and said that ho would always uso his ondoavors to promoto the j intoiestsof tho Company After tho transao | tion of somo foi m al business tho meeting separated THE monthly mooting of tho Oommitteo of] Commorco lapsed yostorday for want of a quorum A SUPPLEMENT to tho Government Gazette, isnied yesterday, contains a list of brands regis- tered duung tho month of March lost WE yesterday inspooted, at tho foundry of Messrs E E Smellie and Co , a new tin and diamond ¡rushing machino, which has been oonstiuctod to tho older of the inventor, who is a gentleman resident in Brisbano The machino can be worked by oithor stoam or horso powor, and tho principio seoms Biriplo and effective It occupies a total space, of 16 feet by 8 feet, and is calculated to wash a largo quantity of tin oro per day Tho process employed is as follows -The oro is put into a hoppor fiom whenco by tho action of water, it is cal nod into a largo galvumsed non double action cylinder This cjlmdor, which lovolves, is separated in the centro by a bridge Tbo fino dirt and oro lcrnains in tho Hist compartment, and tho coareo gravel is carried into tho second Tho stuff from tho first is conducted again, by meaus of wator, into what may bo termed an oscillator, which is situated alongside, but on a lowei lovel than tho cylinder This oscillatoi ia divided into oompartments, through willoh a Btrcatu of water is kopt flowing Tbo samo crank which makes tbo oyhndei rovolvo also keeps the oscillutoi m constant motion On tho stationary bar to which it is susponded theio aro rows of throe pronged non forks, which keop Btirnng up tho dirt in tho compartments Tho water washes oil all the sand and gravel, and loaros tho tin lying at tho bottom of tho oscillator To piovent any loss of oio or goms, howevor, the dirt so washed away is rocoivod into a vibrator, which is intorsectod by rows of forks, and is heic a¿om stnrod up and washod) anj tin, gold, or gems contained in it of course settling to the bottom The maohino, which has been patented, is now on viow at tho foundrj, and is woll worth the »ttoution of thoso engaged m tin mining A MELAi\OnoLr caso of BUicido, rendered tho moro diBtiessug by the suspicion that but for unreasoning prcjudico and ignoraiico tho final consummation of thodioadful deed might pos Bibly havo been avertod, occurred (sajs tbo Marylo)ough Chántele) onThu-aday afternoon at tho farm of Mr John Olemonts, on the Maiy Elver An elderly man, nnmod James Burns, aged about GO, had bcou doing light work about tho placo sinco January lust, rocoiv tug board and lodging as a consideration for such sorviccs as ho was able to rondor Until tbo dny m question nothing remarkable had been noticed m his domcanor, and ho seomod uniformly ehcorful and contented Aftor diunei on Thursday, however, ho complained of fueling unwoll, and Clemouts proceodod to his after- noon's work, leaving him at tho houso On his return, somowhat lato m the evening, seeing nothing of Burns, ho went into the barn, and there found tho old man susponded to a beam by a rope, with tho chair, by which ho had mountod, kiekod away from under him Instoad of immediately cutting the body down, nnd ascertaining whother any life roinainod in it, a point on which somo doubt exists, Clmionts went and bold a consultation with two of his neighbors, tho upshot being that the) loft tho man hanging while they oamo into town aud apprised tho police, arriving at the Police Station between 11 and 12 at night Although nothing could bo gained thon by hastening to tho spot, two of the pohco at once wont out and took down the corpse It is a lamentable proof of tho vitality of error that the Billy notion as to tho unlawfulnoss of inter- fering under circuiu'tflueoa like these should still continue to prevail, notwithstanding the constant admonition of the Press, both m Fug land and Australia, that it is the first aud un doubted duty of every manto endeavor to save life where tho remotest chance of doing so yet ousts. In connection with this painful subject, wo hear that strong objections woro mado against allowing tbo deceased to bo buried on tho farm, lost tho prosence of tho remains of tho poor life weary suicide should bring ill luck to its proprietor. THE mining news in the Gympie Tims of Saturday consists almost entirely of managers' reports. It u stated that tho orushing of 215 toiiB from tho Glanmire prospecting claim had yielded 603 ozs, 16 dwts. 6 grs. of molted gold. THE following lottor with reference to the Yarrol gold rcefB has boen sent to tbo Moimi Perry Mail by the original prospectors, Messrs. H. Yeoman, J. A. Croydon, and party - ¡ " Thinking you might hko to hear tho true account of our roof claim on Yarrol, wo bog to supply tho following information respecting it -It is thirty-eight miles from Mount Porry, is situated on the bank of tho Burnett Eivor, about three miles from Mr. Eidloi's station, and is a woll-dofinod roof, runniug uoith and south, throe foet wide, undorlying west, and from what wo can seo of it will, wo havo no hesitation in saying, go 5 ozs. to tho ton. As far as tho locality is concerned it has never boen prospected, and wo havo no doubt it contains othor roofs oqually ns good. Thero aio at presout Borne dozen or so of miners on tho ground." WE (Wide Bay News) were told the following curious story by a farmer on the Mary. He had a small mob of blacks on his farm doing some work for him, The aborigines on the Mary usually work by contract, a head man, or chief, making the bargain for them, and to do them justice they generally perform the work they engage to do; and it is of course to their ad- vantage to got through with it as soon as possible. In this case the head man came to the farmer on Saturday, and asked him if he should work the next day, Sunday. The farmer said no, it was Sunday, and he should not work The blackfellow insisted, and the farmer, think- ing it was no use attempting to dictate to him if he insisted on getting through the work, said at last "all right." The blackfellow smiled, and pointing up said, " Baal —that follow coola (will be angry), suppose blackfellow work," and, accordingly, the mob remained idle. It is singular how widely spread little fragments of the theory of Christianity are among the abori- gines here, and it would be a matter of some interest to know if this is a result of Mr. Fuller's labors. THE following talo of horror is told by a con- tributor to the Wide Bay News -"A short timo back a gontlcnian and his family becamo tho occupants of a houso not 100 milos from the Sydnoy Hotel. They bad just got settled in their new lOBidenco when thoy became painfully awaro of the fact that ' Bomotmng' was in tho habit of moving about tho different rooms during tho night At first they pooh poohed, but night after night carao tho samo mystoiious sounds, Mattera becamo serious-no sleep njombers of tho family did not hko being loft by thenisolvos; neighbors nore called in, con- sultations hold, but to no effect. Without doubt tho houBO was haunted ; BO in sheer [ desperation tho family removed to another residenco that had not such a ghostly reputa- tion Shortly after this, tho houso was again tonantod-ibis time by a family who had no fear of ghosts. Howovor, ghost or no ghost, about 12 o'olook each night a something woe hoard moving about, rooms that woro locked over night woro found open in tho morning ; articles wero diBarrangod in the pantry, &c; , till at last lights wero loft burning all night. This ap- peared to acaro the visitor from his or her noc- turnal visits. I had hoard a good deal about this haunted houso, but only laughod at it. Howovor, the other ovening I waa sitting in my verandah, quietly enjoying my favorito moor schuum chat god with somo of Johnson's boat out up, tho soothing effects of whioh had almost put me in a dozo, whou suddenly a piercing shriek ront the air-ono of those shrieks that makes u man jump again, viz , the cry of a woman in distress, I dashed my pipo to tho ground, and was over the garden fonco in a second, all the neighbors, with countenances blanchod with terror, woro rushing to tho same spot-viz, tho haunted house. I soon out- stripped the others, rushod through tho garden, and dashod open the door, when, Oh horror1 in a corner of the room stood a lad), a fair roprosontativo of 'fair, fat, and fort),' with back 'o tho wall, and in a state of hois de comhal, in her upliftod hand sho clutched a mother-of-pearl paper knife On top of the table stood a fair young creature in tho groatoat agi- tation, her garments closely tucked round hor, quito rogaidloss that a very neat pair of ankles woro visible, on tho tloor at full length, in a position much moro oonduoivo to oaso than olegauce, laid another fair young oroature in a fit of hysterics , and bosido hor stood a young man, palo as a Bhoot, and terror dopiotod in his couutonanoe. I took all this m at a glance, and in au adjoining apartment I oould hear tho thud of blows from somo heavy instrument, intermingled with half smothered crios, as if some rufiian was murdering a fomalo and trying to stifle her cries. With a violent oûort I pushed open tho door ; thora was a long stroam of blood leading into an inner room, and a noiso like somo heavy body being dragged across tho room. Just na I reached tho door it Blauimod in my face, tho blows and cries still continuing Oh, Heavens ' tho door will not yield , ho'U murder her boforo I can got to her assistance Her ones got fainter, and fainter-aho must bo dyiug Frantio with ox citouiont, I throw myself against tho door, it begins to give way-at last it yields. I brace m)solf up to dash tho murderous assassm to the gtound With ono bound I'm in tho nuddlo of tho room, when what a sight moots my trans- fixed gaze? In o comer of the room thero loU, with blood-bo3inoored countenance, an un foi túnate tat, with its tail fast betwoon the teeth of a Btool tiap, which it had boon drag- ging from ouo loom to anothor in vain attempts to roach its hole," THE Wide Bay News, of Saturday, romarks as followB on tho inodt in which Polynosian laborers aro obtainod -"Several people havo addrcs'od UB on tho subject of tho appointment of agent on the Amy Bobsart, which is about to soil on a ' rocruiting ' trip to tho South Sous. It seems that the gentleman appointed is a cousin of one of the owners, and this bas boen mentioned as a violation of tho spirit of the Polynesian Act. Wo really cannot decide tho quo>tion, bocauso it IB BO hard to know what ia the spirit of that Act If any poison or any number of people chooso to rig out an expedi- tion to kidnap islanders thoro is nothing in tho Quoonsland Polynesian Act to prevent them. The appointment of agonts is one of tho most transparent of farces It 19 notorious that tho Government will appoint anybody anxious for a billet, whatever his qualifications may bo, pro- vided interest bo made on bia behalf at head- quarters. If some enterprising importors wish to get niggers in the manner which, whatever it may bo now, waa tbo usual fashion a very short timo ago, thoy havo only to select somo out at elbows loafer, and apply through the right channel to get hiai appointed agent, and thoa give lum sufficient induce- ment to abut his eyes to whatever takes place on board. In many eases tho inducement u»od need not bo made very largo, because tho now dodged agent's total strungonoas, and utter ignorance of his supposed duties, need only to bo allowed its full ellect. If the owners of tho Amy Bobsart wished to recruit by forcible kidnapping, thoy would hardly select a relation of ono of thoir numbor, but rather somo stranger who could be afterwards sent about his business elsewhere Wo hope thot they are sufilciontly honorable not to go in for any scandalous violation of the law, and wo aro quite sure that they have enough business shrewdness to seo that it ia much safer to buy men from the chiefs in tho regular man- ner, and thus defy scandalous tongues and ' rabid anti Polynesian' journals. If they con- fino themselves to tins lind of trado they may oponly face agents, immigration officers, and all tho machinery of the law, and the only thing that can happen to trouble thoir consciences will bo a possibility that somo poor island potentate may bo induced to part with his subjects for less than the market price-and even m that case they may relieve the stings of remorse by making a two-fold restitution in tomahawks on the nest voyage." 