TOPICS OF THE DAY The Primary Judge sat on Friday morning, but no business was brought before His Honor. The Court was adjourned till Tuesday next. We have been shown a large pear of the Uvedaie St. Germain variety, grown on Air. G. McKwin's property at Glen Kwin, and weighing three pounds. The football season will commence today, and the opening games is connection with the Adelaide, Port Adelaide, and Ken sington Clubs are announced to take place. On Friday, May 2, the Polia Station, with 51,003 sheep, on the Darling, about 91) milts from Wentworth, was ao'd at Menzies's Hotel, Melbourne, and purchased by Mr. James Pile, J.P., of Gawler, at 325. 4d. per head. The May number of the Young Men's Marazine has been published. Although some of the contributions are of small literary merit, the articles as a whole evidence an improve ment npon those in former numbers, and the Magazine is a very readable publication. Mr. Bickards had another full house on Friday. From the first night of his per formances his popularity as an amusing vocalist and personator of odd characters bas not waned in the least. He is well supported, too, by the other members of his company. To night there is to be aa entire change in the programme. The Northern Argus says—The quantity of valuable ore at the Stanley Mine is in creasing, and the property ii considered v;ry valuable. Specimens of pure malachite have been brought to our office. It is much more solid than what is frequently found, and would take a fine polish. Experienced miners form a very high opinion of the specimens. Professor Haselmeyer gave one of his best programmes of magic performances in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Friday evening, Hay 2. The attendance was not so large a* might be desired; but those who were present enjoyed themselves, and applaudc-d the very clever feats of legerdemain accomplished by the Professor. This was his last performance before starting to the South-Bastem Ltistrict, en route for Melbourne. A dangerous accident happened in Gouger-street on Friday to a storeman named Mitchell. He was riding in a dray driven by another man, and, jumping off while the vehicle was in motion, slipped, and one wheel passed over one Bide of his boly from the thigh to the shoulder, lie was removed to his resi dence, and Dr. Peel, who was sent for, found that no bones were broken, although serious bruises were inflicted, end the patient under his care is progressing favorably. On Friday morning Mr. Townsend, of Bundle- street, showed us a dozen magnificent pears, weighing in all 32 lbs., from the garden he rents on the Ton-ens, in Mr. Aston'* section, opposite to <Ujnde. This garden, so long known as Andrewartha's, is situated on one of the choicest spots along the river side, and was celebrated a quarter of a centnry ago for the richness of its soil and the wonderful rapidity with which everything grew that w*s planted there. -We (Northern Argus) have been in formed that the farmers on ton Northern areas have completed seeding on the fallow land, and that another week will finish stubble ploughing. The early rain has caused the grass to Bpiing, and oiling to the mildness of the weather the feed is growing rapidly, so that in a short time there will be abundance for the cattle. The wheat is growing luxuriantly, and some farmers are of opinion that if the season continues mild it will be necessary, during dry weather, to run sheep over the crops that are too forward. Sheep compress the ground and cause the wheat plants to branch out and grow thick. The following is Friday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Daiwin telegraph line:—Beltana, 8., fresh, fine ; Strangways Springs, N., fresh, cloudy, fine cold; The Feake, N.K., light, fine; Charlotte Waters, E.S.K., light fine ; Alice Springs, calm, fine, clear cool; Barrow Greek, 8.X., fine, cool, clear; Tennant Greek, EL, moderate, fine, clear, cool; Powell Greek, N. 8., light, fine, clear, pleasant; Daly Waters, 5.8., fresh, fine, cold ; Katherine, 8.E., light, dear, fine, j cool; Tarn Creek, 5.8., very strong, clear, cool; Port Darwin, 8., moderate, clear, very fine- The neighborhood of Strathalbyn appears notorious for its ghostly visitants. This week a worthy knight of the cleaver, who, fay the way, is a benedict, hailing from this enlightened municipality, has, we hear, been nearly frightened out of his seven senses, by the apparition of some fair one in the vicinity of an empty house some two miles from here. That all-important person, "the oldest inhabitant," says it must be the ghost of a young woman who met nn untimely end in that neighborhood some twenty or so years ago. The wraith was observed in the day time, aad the acer was accompanied, by a friend, who cor roborates Us statement— Southern Argus. A correspondent sends us the fol lowing:— "An accident occurred on Friday morning, at the corner of Franklin and Morney street*. A cab driven by Mr. Con don, which contained two gentlemen — the Key. Father Horan and another—was gjing quickly round the corner, when the horse shied, darted straight against the door of Mrs. Po werV school, and broke the upper part of the glass door right off. The consternation of the school children at the fm—imni* danger which threat ened them may be imagined; the rev. clergyman vi ry courteously came out of the cab to pacify them. No blame can be attached to Mr. Con don, who regretted the accident extremely, and repaired the damage caused by his horse." The Executive Committee of the Prince Alfred Sailors' Home met on Friday in one of die rooms of the Home, at present occupied by the Marine Board. Amongst other business, votes of thanks were passed to the Haveleck lifeboat Grew for the proceeds of their entertainment, £5 Os. 6d-; and to the Bey, P. MacLaren, for his lecture at North Adelaide. The donations received to the end of March, wider the conditional supplement of pound for pound by the Government, amount to £752175. Id., and a list of subscribers was produced by the Treasurer, Mr. Formby. The Committee are anxions to start the Institution so soon aa '£1,250 more can be raised, or a sufficient portion of that sum, and it was sug gested that for an object in which such general interest would be taken a bazaar wonld perhaps be got up by the ladies of Adelaide, to. Mean while the bankers have consented to a specially reduced rate of interest oa the overdraft, which I now amounts to £1,69816>. A room contiguous |to the shipping office is being used as a waiting and reading room by the men, and newspapers or periodicals for the table will be glad(y received. A telegram was received in Adelaide on Friday, stating that the New Cornwall Mining Company bad been formed in London. It will be remembered that the original Company was wound up, after spending about £100,000 upon the property, but had it not been for the fall in the value of copper, operations would have been continued to this day, and in all probability with profit to the shareholders. When the mine was sold, it was purchased by a few gentlemen, who resolved to get up an Association in London, to develop it, and en trujstedthe business to Mr. Henry Spieer, brother of Mr. Spicer, the well-known importer of this city. He executed his commission very rapidly, andeeenred evena-gresteramount of capital than was asked for. The promoters here are the Hon. J. Crosier, the Hon. W. Everard, Messrs. Sanders. Colton, Charnock, Spioer, F. T. Smith, H.P., and L. Glyde, M.P. They will have a considerable interest in the mine as fully paid up, the rest being allotted in London. The recommenoement of work at the New Cornwall will be a sou*cft of great satisfaction on the Peninsula, and. particularly at Kadina, the mine being vary near to that township. We understand that some thousands of pounds worth of slimes were left on th? ground by the old Company, and are even now being dressed ready for smelting. On Friday evening the Theatre Royal Company essayed to represent Sheridan's fine old comedy ■' Toe School for Scandal, 1' and the attempt, we are obliged to say, was several re moves from an unqualified success. Hiss Kvans displayed upon the whole a just con ception of Lady Teszle, hot the performance was marred by more demonstrativeneE? of manner occa?:o tally than was necessary, and by the injudicious us= of a very fine voice. Some passages were admirably rendered, and it was abundantly evident that if the fair actress wonld correct some eccentri cities of style, she is well qualified to present a faithful protmit of Sir Peter's wayward and daubing young wife. Mr. Milne made a very fair Sir Peter Teazle, and showed tbroDghoat a most perfect knowledge of his part. Mrs. Roberts as Lady SneerwelL, and Mias Cooper r.s Mrs. Candour, wenld have been sucosFsful under happier circumstance!; bat the pieoe dragged very heavily, the house never showing any signs of liveliness, except at the screen scene and the fall of the onrtaio. Mr. Downey was uncommonly Jewish as Moses. For the rest of the cast we need say nothing, except to express an opinion that they were not at home in the characters they endeavored to impersonate. The farce of " The Silent Woman" followed, and caused considerable amusement. To- night there is to be an entirely new sensation. Miss Evans taking the leading part in ''Divorce," a comedy that had a run of upwards of a twelvemonth in the United States, and has been played with great success in mere than, one of these colonies. The first quarterly meeting of the Sun day School Teachers' Union was held in the Lecture Hall of the I'irie-ctreet Wesleyan Church, on Friday evening, May 2. There was a good attendance, and Mr. J. Cotton, J. P. (Presi dent), presided, and read a paper on " The best method of conducting Sunday Schools. 1' At the outset he expressed the deep interest he had ever felt in Sunday-school work, and trusted that all connected with the Union would do their utmost to make it a success, aa he believed their Union would tend to be a lasting blessing to the various Sabbath schools associated with it. He then indicated a few principles which, in his judgment, shonld guide teachers in the work of instruction, and also in the internal government and management of Echools. observing that in order to secure well-conducted and successful school?, they shonld be strictly careful in the selection of their officers—especially the Super intendent—who shonld be a man qualified to accept the onerous and responsible duties of the position. Care should also be taken ia the selection of teachers, who Bhould, he thought, in all cases be of lound moral and religious character, and members of the Church with which the echools were o >n> peoted. Punctuality and regularity were all important in the welfare and success of a school, whilst order and discipline should be strictly enforced. He also urged that special rules and times shonld be recognised in all departments of the work; that short, pithy, plain, and interesting addresses should be given ; that as far as possible a proper classification of scholars should always be kept up; and that the senior and infant classes should be if possible drafted off in wparate rooms from the general classes. Several minor points were dwelt upon, and re ference was made to the difficulty in securing suitable senior teachers and keeping them in the school. At the conclusion of the address, remarks were offered by Messrs. Gilbert, Buchanan, Maley, Frost, D. Robin, W. Shake speare, Gray, S. Whitmore, and A. Adamson. who touched upon various other matters of importance in the department of Sunday-school labor. The annual meeting of the Retail Drapers' Assistants' Association was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Friday evening, May 2. There were 10 gentlemen present, and Me M. Pepper occupied the chair. The report and balance sheet were read by Mr. J. Venn (the Secretary being absent). The report was as follows:—'" Your Committee in bringing this, the annual report, before your notioe, beg to state that, although we have not had such diffi culties as the previous Committees to contend with, yet, owing to many declining to support the Association, we have had a hard struggle to make both ends meet. It is a matter of regret that so many of onr fellow assis- 1 tents shun the idea of contributing their mite, for itis small compared to the annual subscription in connection with the Asso-1 ciation in Melbourne ; but we trust that those who have hitherto withheld their assis tance will come forward and lend a helping hand towards promoting the interest of the Association, the object of which is, as you are aware, the curtailment of the hours of labor, and the securing of the holidays. Many of our fellow assistants have asked us the question why they should contribute to the Association, as they derive no personal benefit by it, and say that the holidays and the early closing would re carried out just the same whather the Asso ciation existed or not. Tour Committee have reason to believe that should our Association collapse, many of the leading retail houses that now close their establishments in accordance with the Association, would then use their own discretion as to what time they would close, and the same long dieary hours of toil would again be brought into existence. You are all aware that liabilities are incurred by the Asso ciation for printing bills, advertising, &c;, all of which have to be paid for out of our con tributions. The Association at present has everything to hope for and nothing to fear if all the retail drapers' assistants will con tribute their share, and we feel sure that every year we shall be able to show a rauoh j larger surplus than we have this year." The balance-sheet showed a balance in hand of 4a. The Chairman expressed his regret at the lack of interest taken in the Association, and a hope that in the succeeding year greater sympathy and help would be rendered by those whom the Association was designed to benefit. The following appointments were made: — Chairman, Mr. M. Pepper; Treasurer, Mr. K. G. Botisto ; Secretary, Mr. John Venn ; Com mittee, Messrs. Geo. Chapman and B. Yeale. Votes of thanks to the retiring Committee, the Press, and Mr. Aldridge for his courtesy in allowing the Association the use of rooms, con cluded the business of the meeting. We have received the April number of the Fcuth Australian Waleyan Magazine. It osmtains much interesting matter, and is alto gether a very good issue. According to an article on "The Conference of 1873" the growth of Methodism in these colonies, between 1855 and 1673. haajwen as follows :—Churches in 1855,170; in 1873, 813. Members in 1855, 6,678; in 1873, 23,656. Ministers in 1855 116; in 1873, 223. (Scholars in 1855,12.395 ;in 1873,51,558. Adherents in 1855,48,327; in 1873,163,653. From an artiole headed " Wes ley an Methodism in Son'h Australia" we con dense the subjoined account of the early history of the fine-street Church, which will, we have no doubt, be read with interest by many persons:—" By 1849 the congregation in Gawler- plaoe had become toe large to be accommodated in the chapel, and Mr. Draper saw the desirability of either enlarging it or of erecting a new one. But how could this be done ? It was a question of deep and anxious thought. On its proper settlement much depended. He saw this, and after mature deliberation resolved that nothing lees than a large central chapel would meet the require ments of the time. He was strongly encouraged in this view by J. Colton, Esq., a gentleman who has, for more than a quarter of a century, effi ciently and liberally assisted in the Mutentation and extension of Methodism in this colony. Each agreed to give £100. Soon, collect ing books were issued, and the town was can vassed with considerable success. Messrr. J. Colton and Kobert Hawkes were appointed Treasurers, and Andrew Johnston, Secretary. As Pirie- streeC was the most oaotzal place, an allotment of half an acre was purchased from John Morphett, Esq., for £600. The -following persons were Trustees:—D. J. Draper. John Colton, Bobert Hawkes, William Maguire, Andrew Johnston, Thomas Mtriin, William Johns, Bobert Smith Breeze, John B. Hack, Thomas J. Mitchell, James O. Oooke, and Henry Goss. It was decided that the style of the new edifice be Gothic, and that the dimen siona be 85 ft. by 53 ft in the clear, with school and class-rooms behind, the full length being 112 ft., and 30 ft. from floor level to wall plate. A tender of Messrs. Ferryman & Son was accepted for the sum of £2,361, exclusive of building materials for the walls. The foundation-stone was laid by His Exoellency Sir H. & F. Young on the 15th July, 1850, in til* presence of a huge number of persons of various denominations. The building was at once proceeded with, and was ready for opening by Ootober 19,185 L On that day the Key. J. Bggleston, of Sydney, preached in the morning and evening, and the Key. J. Gardner (Presby terian) in the afternoon. On Monday, the 20th, a tea meeting on a magnificent scale was conducted. A public meeting followed, pre sided over by Mr. Draper, at which Revs. Hull, Gardner, Stonehouse. Watt, and Low spoke, and also Messrs. Colton, Waterhouse, Angas, Faster, and Bade*. A banar was held during the same week. The opening ser vices were oontinned the following Sabbath, when Hevs. Draper, Hull, and Eggleston preached to large congregations. The entire amount raised at the services, including the bazaar, was £1,850; bat the whole coat of the ohapel, inolnnTng land, interest, and incidental expenses, was £6,204 13s. lid. To this mag nificent ohapel galleries were added in the time of the Bey. Thomas Williams's Superin tendency, at a cost of £2,600; and in the Bey. '. Watsford's time the Parsonage and Lecture Hall were built. There is an organ in Pirie street, which oast £450. Up to the present time upwards of £13,000 has been expended en the Pirie-street property." The number also contains an obituary of the wife of the Rev. Win, .Batten, who formerly lived in this city, but who is now residing in England. Mrs. Butters died on the 21st of hist October. She was the sister of Mr. G. SJ. Waterhouse, of New Zealand, end the Bey. J. B. Waterhouse of BaUarat. The Bey. W. P. Wells, we observe! has taken the place of the Bey. G. W. Patohell, M.A., as editor of the Magatine. 