THE NEW EDUCATION BILL. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— Like all other wellishers to "the land we live in," I have a great wish to see every child grow to be a worthy citizen of our inci- pient southern empire, and I now propose to dis- cuss how this may be best accomplished. It appears to me we are in this new country over-much alarmed by the ghosts of dead sys- tems frequenting distant countries in bygone times, whom we fancy to cry as follows :— If a man will not send his own children to school what right has the State to interfere ? This is chiefly suggested, I think, by the £90,000 a year part of the business. Again, in a lower voice — Wil working men's children make better servants and laborers if educated in the way proposed ? After this some one, dreaming of the past, exclaims in his sleep— 'No State age (sic) to religion ;" and then mutters "the Bible is a blessed book, but for God's sake keep it out of the schools ;" while others just awakened, but dazed by the unaccustomed light—and more mindful of the book as seen in the night dreams of their fathers than in the glory of the coming day— reject the book because they have not taken the pains to examine it by the aid of modern helps. Then first comes the £90,000 difficulty. Apart from other aspects of the case—and they are many— I take a business view of this case. Just now the world-wide cry of a "fair day's pay" for the workman has reached our shores. We all know how difficult it is to arrive at what is fair and what is unfair when opposite interests are at stake ; and the nations of the earth have, as I believe, only two ways of settling the question—force, the old-fashioned plan ; and knowledge, a method so new that it is only on its trial. In Great Britain things are in a transition state, far better than in many nations of Europe; but then, to keep things fair and straight, they pay about £39,000,000 to £40,000|000 a year, or more than 30s. a heed, to support the army, the navy, the police, the Courts, &c.;, &c; ; and worst of all, this vast outlay very imperfectly accom- plishes the object sought ; and were it not for the other power of knowledge intermingled, it would likely break down altogether. Here we wish to enlist every child, and by school dis- cipline and school knowledge make him feel that he is a soldier in a great army, where, to be fair, every person, while equal to the rest, must understand that the common good can only be promoted by each remem- bering he is but a part of the whole; and to gain this discipline of intelligences it is proposed it shall cost the State less than 10s. per head of the population, and I have not heard how much of this sum may be com- pensated by reduced Police and Law Court expenses. The second objurgation— will educa- tion make better servants or laborers?— is simply an impertinence in a free State, and if I did not now and then hear the expression uttered sotto voce I should not have referred to it. I have now reached the Bible question. If that Book had a human voice it might well exclaim, "Save me from my friends,'' who wish to keep in their own hands what all should have unrestricted access to, or if they let it reach the school at all, try to gag the teacher and chain the Book to his desk. We do not wish to invade the temples of any particular denomination, and dictate what shall be taught there, and I ask that the gentlemen in broad- cloth should let us possess our schools in peace. We know that humanity when in its infancy was likely benefited by the styraightlaced atti- tudinisms of the professional divines; but now, whether we will or no, children born into a freer age, and into a brighter light than the world ever saw, and absorbing, as Lord Brougham puts it, before six years of age, at every pore this freedom and sunlight of know- ledge, will not afterwards submit to the old methods of leading-strings. The Bible is not old ; its former modes of interpretation have many of them become so. But truth, "A gem of purest ray serene," am afford to be viewed from every point, and never suffer by the change. But humanity loses the beauty and the joy when the crystal is kept out of sight by over zealous caretakers, who, for fear it should be dimmed be exposure, utterly darken it by concealment. In Victoria, if we may credit their own testi- mony, they are in danger of a collapse of their reason from another cause, for one of their newspaper correspondents writes as follows;— "Secularism has become a craze with many public men in Victoria. Under its influence the Council at Sandhurst sometime ago dismissed the head master of their College because he persisted in preaching occasionally on Sundays in different churches ; and what was infinitely worse than that, there was no sufficient public opinion to lift up even a feeble protest against the tyrannical Act. Under our new education system it is asserted that it is unlawful for schoolmasters to teach in Sunday-schools, as that would indicate a denominational bias in consistent with their position as Government servants. The next thing probably insisted on will be that teachers should be forbidden to attend any particular Church on Sundays. Truly we are a wonderfully progressive people." Then, in conclusion, let the children be taught, and let one of the books freely used in the school be that best compendium of literature, law, history, manners, customs, geography, geology, scienee, and the arts— the Bible— in which a wealth of subjects is condensed into a compass more handy than in any other volume in the world. I ask no man to receive a single idea from this or any other book except on the authority of such evidence as is present to his own mind. But some men, while on the ocean exploration, seem to throw away their charts, as if discovery would be helped by such a process. I am, Sir, &c.;, CITIZEN. 