FROUDE CRUSHED BY JOHN MITCHEL. Froude, the pamphleteer and special advocate, has roused a hornet's nest by his recent "controversial" efforts to prove black is white. Too gently bandied by Father Burke, the stern John Mitcbel has taken the " historian " to task, and after the publication of the Irish priest's vindication, ire shall give the uncompromising Irish patriot's reply. In the mean time it will be no harm to give a brief extract from Mitchel's answer. This veteran exile and unswerving advocate of Ireland's rights sets himself the taek of proving that the stories of a massacre in 1GU are horrible concoctions. Of the "Swearers," he says :—"The seventeenth century was the period of our most thriving Protestant trade in swearing. It was the time of Popish Plots, and of multitudinous ' depositions.' As for the thirty-four folio volumes of oaths, to which Historian Froude calmly refers us, ss an ' eternal witness,' that learned person muBt know that many of them were paid for in money, most of them in confiscated land, and lucrative office : that many of tbemwerenever sworn at all, appearing with the pea drawn across the worils ' being first dulysworn:' that the Lords of the Council ot Ireland, and the heads of the 'Englishin* terest' in the island, absolutely needed these oaths for procuring the indictment of all Irish, Catholics who owned anything; ani that they bought the sai.l oaths aB in market overt. Carte, author of the 'Life of Ormonde,'is a Protestant authority ; aDd Mr, Froude has read his work, for he often cites it where it suits him ; but he ta'^es care not to give us this passage from Carte's first volume"— " The Roman Catholics complained that there were strange practices used with the urors, menaces to.some, promises of rewards, and parts of the forfeited estates; and though great -numbers of the indicted persons might be really guilty, there, was too much reason given .to suspect the evidence. I am the more inclined tp suspect there was a good deal o£ corruption und iniquity: in the methods of gaining the indictments, because I findavery pmarkable memorandum made by the Msf« quis of - Ormonde, ,in; his own writing, of ft passage. in .the Council on April 23, 164S, There was then a_ letter read at the board from a.person who claimed a- great meritto himself,in getting some hundreds of gentleniieti indicted, and the rather for.that helua laid out sums of money to procure witnesiefl to give evidence to; a jury, for the finding those ^Indictments. This was an intimate friend' of Sir William Parsons, ana migbs very well-know; that, such methods would J® approved by him." The trade in affidavits 'had begun in 1642, a- few months aftertM nsurrection broke out; in the followingyesty wben Oimonde read /this letter, thereW&8 0 perfect, deluge of oaths; and the business went ort-very; briskly for several years, oB"* Sir William Petty;, who longed to get £~ Ormonde estatep themselves, :iised a remMJW able-expression, as' we read in tlie'same Car® —" Sir WiUiam Petty, bragged that he m got:witnesses wjho would have Bworn througB a three-inch-board,',to, evict,the Duke.', »» may, perhaps be thought'rpy harsh to blame too much thjese^poor,bard-workiBg 'iMt&pk; if ,our .good /,Protestants, . driven o«t . ;house and. hopie;, .by' 'f.the'.'.riehels". ®® finding.! '.,that.,,there' was''. a,, dep&iil.; oathi,, put the do ,:invept the.mfs(JborHble';Jalei,*-.®! sMpsjtly,th|a'.'.Wh'er ptJce^-^pd•h-.-rthan in -D,ubliii i;0. np,ljie lp'rds.and honoMJ aWe^pnjl^^-wbo'Wouldtuy, 3 fofi'gfflPg M Proteetantp^ ' '' be, " • hcejyed^MBh Jn Maxwell and other plrkon's. But; in dealing with the whole mass of evidence; it 18 • curiou 8 to observe what caution And discrimination the historian . has shown. He Barnes but two of the swearers, Dean Maxwell and one Adam Clover, and in constructing his general narrative of the atrocities, never hints that most of them are related oa hearsay ; and he omits altogether those which contain manifest impossibilities, and true Protestant miracles. Dean Maxwell, afterwards bishop, that consecrated, anointed, and mitred perjurer, whose long affidavit is relied upon with the greatest confidence by Borlose and Temple, is, therefore, cited by Fronde, as a main part of bis authorities, hut without giving any of the Dean's very words. Then follows a statement of how this reverend divine swore to gross absurdities, including wholesale apparitions of .ghosts! With reference to the Dean's affidavit "sworn" in 1642, the reader is struck by the fact that the hard swearing divine dues not affirm anything of his own knowledge ; but that " tiie rebels themselves told him," " that he heard Sir Phelem likewise report," " whereot he was informed by a Scotchman," etc. A perusal of the whole paper will show the reliability of the depositions on which Mr. Froude builds up his story, running through "forty folios of abominations." It iB a masterly exposure oj a system of almost incredible perjury and iniquity for all who are not fnmiliur with Ireland's sad history. John Mitchel says of Mr. Froude's stumping expedition :—One blunder he has made, in calling attention to the atrocious cruelties charged in these oaths ngainst Irishmen and Irishwomen, as perpetrated upon helpless •women and children of another nationality. At no time in their history have the Irish— our proud, fierce, generous Irish — been capabuble of cruelty to women and children; no, nor to the defenceless men. If Froude vrants to tell of massacres, let him consult the annuls of his own country : let him go back to Rt. Brice's Day, 1002, at cockcrow in the mon,in|j, and teed full on horrors ; or let him ti ll huw the same Sflxon slaves, who massacreil tlieir Danish masters on St.Brice's Diiy, afterwards formed a pjot to massacre their French masters in the time of William the Conqueror ; or let him turn his eyes a moment to the wild valley of Glencoe, and tell how King William's Protestant soldiers knew how to deal with women and infants. John Mitchel says of Father Burke's ".Il-ply:"—' As to the 'statements' made by Froude, of general matters of alleged fact or history, the Dominican not only called mist- of these in qn-stion, but demolished and stamped them out." 