ERENCH LITERATURE. ... — (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) PARIS, August 9. Voltaire cleaoribed a goddess at once inconstant and inconvenient, whimsical in her tastes, foolish in her ornaments, that by turns appeared, dis appeared, came back, and was reborn ; her father's name was Proteus, and her own — Fashion. In the " Historic Costumes of France ' of the six teenth and two following centuries— that no dressmaker should be wi hout, and that onght to find a place in every theatrical manager's library, and lie amoDg the curiosities of the drawingroom — the growth of modern fashion is attractively illustrated and described. Variety in costume depends on climate, social condition, state of in dustry, caprice, and taste. Ancient costumeB do not display much variety, Seneca com plains that his contemporaries were too ranch engrossed with the hairdresser, and preferred tp see the Republic in disorder than a lock of their hair out of place, were more anxious about their curls than their health, and eqandered their time with a comb before a mirror. Sixteen centuries later La Bruyere moralised in the same strain. Thanks to the invention of engraving, very minute details of dress, furniture, etc., have been handed down to us. It is first to the Italians and their extensive commercial rela tions that we owe variety in materials for dress, as well &b; in shapes, which predominance quickly passed into the hands of the French, where it still remains. By a thousand vestiges we can see that the fashions of three centuries ago are neither lost to sight, and are still sacred to memory. In the sixteenth eentury, when Furope, as the "Sleeping Beauty" awakened, she at once took to splendid costumes. Popes cardinals, and priests ; emperors, kings, and nobles j warriors and tradesmen ; citizens and peasants ; grand ladies and simple women — alike patronised the "new departure." However, in the thirteenth eentury ladies displayed a weak ness for tight lacing, rich embroidery, loud flounces, and bonnets made of woven peacock feathers. In the fifteenth century the men wore the tightest of boots, and Bofiemian jackets with open sleeves reaching down to the ankles. At the same time the ladies patronised a kind of Noah's ark tissue, as the material was figured over with animals ; the head-dress was a piece of scaffolding, with projecting horns and fringes, so that the clergy and doctors on encountering such invariably made the sign of the cross. Satan often appeared as a lovely woman with herns. Subsequently this head dress was divided in two, that gave it the appearance of a mitre, which metamorphosis was duly excommunicated. Hats were as pointed as those of sorcerers under Louis XI., and chains, medah, and precious stones were suspended from them. The King, when in a hurry, repeated bis prayers before his hat as if it were an altar. People laughed at the dupes of Margaret of Anjou ; her farthingale, with 100 pockets, wherein the hearts of defunct admirers were said to be embalmed. She was bald from an early age, and a supply of v&lets; with blonde hair was maintained, who were periodically shorn of their locks to make the same for Her Majesty, who carried alwajs curls in her pocket in case of accident. Henry III. was effeminate ; he wore earrings, farthingales, low bodies, turned- up hair, and used lace fane. Louis XIII. re stored masculine elegance in dress; the costumes were suited for war, love, or ad venture, worthy to be worn by Cinq Mars and to be painted by Van Dyck. Louis XIV. will be best remembered by his wigs; even in these the monarch was " grand," and so corresponded with bis official — and artificial — genius. Even the youths had to part with their Hyperion curls, to carry instead a bag of Bilk and wool. The ladies at the same time favoured a tight corsage and a solid opulence. Their headdress was higher than the doors, and the king was powerless to eonquer the fashion — his edict was disregarded. Oue day an English lady visited his Court. She wore a simple headdress, and next day the beauties of Versailles imitated her. In the eighteenth century silks, both for men and women, replaced cloth and woollen stuffs, which gave a billroom the appearance of a field of flowers. Under the regency " painting " was resorted to — a branch of the fine arts still as siduously cultivated by some of the fair sex. With Louis XVI. came the landscape coiffure, when ladies headdresses were picture galleries of family portraits, with top-knots of their husbands', parents', or brothers' hair. Voltaire a$d Rousseau were now becoming known. Court fashions represented "mnoeents" and " shep herdesses," patronised aprons and fichus, milked cows at the Trianon, and churned it at Bellevue. In her "Impressions and Souvenirs," George Sand invites the reader to join her in an intimate chat in her country house, while partaking of a courteous hospitality. The conversation rolls upon a variety of intelligent subjects ; music and painting, a method for mothers to enable their children to easily learn to read. Even punctuation is shrewdly talked over. The style, she observes, may be the man, but colons, dashes, and full etopB are much more the man than the style. According to her, "there are ro more middle classes ; they are as dead that sister historic mortality, the nobility ; there are only the producing and the consuming classes." It seems the rich, if they do not keep a good look out, will be devoured by the poor. How- ver, French society is not what it was during the reign of Louis XIV., when the Court was every thing ; when the nation rested in the shade, and the masses lived and died in silence. That age was made known by a magnificent concert of praises and flattery ; by the funeral orations of Bossuet and the tragedies of Racine. No such illusions exist now, and the poorer classes in France commence to know that Governments can not make them rich— that wealth-making is an individual matter. The Conale Seguier's " Epilogue de la Divine Comedie" merits notice, as being typical of that ultra-conservatism which has seized a consider able section of French society. A French officer is supposed to have mounted to heaven in trooper boots, and without wings, in the arms of Dante. On arriving at the mouth of a volcano, a kind of air-hole of Hades, he finds written up the names of Napoleon III, Bazaine, the Emperor of Germany, Bismarck, and sundry Communist leaders, living and dead. He makes a voyage into the infernal regions, which being later than that made by Orpheus, or during the middle ages, is ir leresting from its topographical details. JBeeizebub has eternally Renan — still in the flesh — and Voltaire between his teeth ; not far is Napoleon III. groaning. The author now bitterly regrets he had not second eight to smash the skull of the ex-Emperor when setting out for the war, with the eagle of the standard carried by him as sub-lieutenant of the 49th regiment. Flourens runs about with his bleeding head in his brand, and Milliere keepB repeating the words he uttered on being shot — "Vive l'humanite, whioh must appear strange in Pandemonium. The Emperor of Germany remains up to the chin in water, with, of course, a clock at his feet; the Virgin Mary passes' the dragoons killed at Worth in review, and St. Paul delivers an oration against liberty of the Press and a free church in a free state. There is a method in all this madness. Mutual toleration is everywhere recommended for Frenchmen, whioh does not the less prevent an extraordinary practice of mutual anathema tising at the same time. The Duke of Orleans, Egalite, who voted for the death of his relative Louis XVI, and was in time duly guillotined himself, left three sonB ; the eldest became King of France as Louis Philippe, who, having fought at the side of Dumauriez, escaped into Switzerland to avoid being arrested by. the Convention- The other two sons, Duke de Montpensier and Comte de BeaujolaiB, aged respectively twenty-one and seventeen years, were imprisoned in Marseilles with their father. They escaped, but the former being arreBted, his brother, perfectly free, voluntarily surrendered. The Direc tory promised to liberate both the princes if their eldest brother would embark for Philadelphia, and remain there. He complied. But the prisoners could not embark on board the ship leaving Marseilles, on account of wanting " shoes, shirts, and clothes," aud the Directory was too poor to obtain the money. The commanding officer of the district had to personally lend them ten louis " to enable them to buy bread." After much difficulty they set sail in company with American citizens captured from the Bey of Algiers, and after a voyage of ninety-three days ar rived in Philadelphia. The American Government declined to accept their passage money. The three frequently without a " red cent.," and earning a meal by giving lessons in French. Both of the imprisoned princes died of consumption in 1807-8 — the Dukede Montpensier at Twickenham, and the youngest at Malta. The Directory voted them a " pension," which the officials changed into "charity." The Abbe d'Envieu is a professor of theology in the college of France, as learned as he is liberal, and affords a rare example of demanding in the name of religion the most absolute liberty for scientific investigations. In his " Origin of the Earth and Man after the Bible," it is the author's criticism of the two first chapters of Genesis that forms the truly original part of his volume. These chapters, according to his idea, relate neither to the creation of the world nor to our earth, but to one of those revolutions te which our globe and planetary system have been the theatre ; that it is Adam's race, actual humanity, of which the Bible treats, and which does not exclude other races that have been able to exist before us, or that may succeed us. " God will produce," he remarks, " perhaps for other men new heavens and a new earth." He objects to the phrase " created in Genesis, and suggests that of " organised." Our devastated planet was rendered habitable by the influence of heat, elec tricity, or magnetism, and the " spirit " which moved upon the face of the waters, while being divine, was purely physical. Since the general work of creation did not commence with the earth, there is no reason to conclude that it has stopped with it, or that the Divine Power has universally " rested." On the contrary, the author believes, "each day millions of new worlds are being formed." This attempt to reconcile the Bible with science indicates a liberal spirit, very remarkable in a nation more than Catholic juBt now, and reveals a fund of erudition, bat we still remain in the region of hypotheses which strike at the old dogma of the unity of the human race, and question some of the profoundest mysteries of religion. An anonymous author has published a work which he wrote in 1870, having for end the re organisation of Eastern Europe. Not content with the refuge afforded by England, Belgium, and Switzerland to political exiles, he would make of Belgrade and its mountain fastnesses a sort of international New Jerusalem, where the apostles of the rights of man could safely reside, and send forth their circular letters to brothers and friends throughout the world. Eastern Europe is to be handed over to the Sclave race; Russia, Aus tria, Prussia, Turkey, etc., to be dismem bered of so much territory as may be necessary to the new agglomeration, without even their permission. France, in supporting this revolutionary Eldorado, is a guarantee for its success. It appears a society already exists in Paris for furthering this " patriotic propagandism" by supplying reading-rooms and libraries in Roumania, Servia, etc. with French publications gratis. As a set-off to this project, the French were never more resolved than at present to mind their own business. The death of Philaiete Chasles is a loss both te France and letters. He was an international litterateur, and was, from his knowledge of various languages, familiar with the currents of in tellectual life everywhere. This cosmopolitan power diveBted him not only of classical, but of French prejudices, an advantage he possessed above those criticB, Nisard and Sainte-Beuve, though wanting the magisterial authority of the one, and the exquisite delicacy of the ether. He was no slave to routine, and allowed no name, however distinguished, to warp his judgment. After the Commune he was among the first of the professors to re -occupy his chair. He was accustomed to " improvise" his lessons on contemporary literature, but disgusted with the recent eloquence of the "clubs," he ever afterwards composed his discourses, and read them. He was the friend of young talent, and the opponent of all that was unhealthy and in delicate in literature. He ceased not to proclaim that the capital defect in his countrymen was hate ; that intolerance, mistaken for principle, was the destroying agent in France, and that in a free country no individual conscience should be ill at ease. His originality, some said his fault, consisted in giving his attention to too many sub jects. France has too many writers of an exclu sive nature, who can only see a single Bpeok in the universe. Literary societies have been occupied with Henri IV. It appears that when he, from reasons of State, made his recantation in the Cathedral of St. Denis, the, officiating Arohbishop bad a letter in his pocket from the Pope prohibiting him to receive the King into the Catholic fold, which the prelate declined to obey, after consult ing the chapter. Henri went to mass, as he entered upon matrimony, for the good of his subjects. " Paris was worth a mass," as Mary de Medecis was worth Margaret de Yaleis. Hfe was more in love with his duty than his wife, and only uaewy about his future oonjugal Ufa, by thinking of that from which he had been divorced. Leibnitz, aB a naturalist, has been discussed ; that philosopher held that life was made up of a series of living rndimento. He also propounded a scheme for collecting vital statistics, and urged observation as the grand route to exact know ledge. He admired Peter the Great, and coun selled him to open up the East in the interests of science. The present Czar has advanced as far as Khiva. Louis XIY. was asked bv Leibnitz to do the same — but in Latin verse, hence failure. The following paragraph, which has appeared in one of their organB, will give on idea of the spirit which prevails amongst the democratic population " July 13 was the anniversary of the death of the Duke of OrleanB. That prince, the Duke de Berry, the Duke de Reichstadt, the son of Louis XYLj who reigned as Louis XVH. as did the son of Napoleon L as Napoleon II., etc., all the eldeBt male children of the sovereigns of France for the IsBt two centuries, have been condemned by deBfciny to death, and not one has succeeded to his father. That is what is called the royal hereditary principle, and monarchical stability. Dreams. — When do we live more intensely than when we dream ? It is among the visions of sleep, not among tboBe of waking, that we grow old and white-haired. There are people who never dream, happily or unhappily for them, and such people never grow old. After all, the body claims half our care and thought when our eyes are open ; when ©ur eyes are shot, it claims nothing. In sleep, rage, love, despair, terror, shame, remorse, all the tumultuous host of the passions, take prisoner the unguarded soul. It is in a single night that men's hairs have grown white suddenly ; never in a single day. Then we have no shield of common sense to keep off ghosts, no friendly shelter wherein to hide from them. Our lovers and friends are far from us, though by our sides ; we are alone in chaos. If anyone will question himself honestly, he will find that no actual emotion has ever equalled in intensity the night fancies which he laughs at vlmn La wnlrfiR. and mostlv forgets bv the end of " '—J — - breakfast time.—" Oornhill Magazine." 