The 'Peckham Ghost' Captured. Foe some weeks past the inhabitants of Pcckbain and neighbourhood have been annoyed, .and uiauy persons alarmed, by the pranks played by an individual who has earned the name of thu ' Peckbam Ghost1' In the lonely streets numbers of persons have been startled by the appearance ot a hgure domed m wmro buuuumv | confronting them in some lonely spot, and children and women particularly have been greatly alarinca. lor weeks the police have been endeavouring to catch this ' Ghost,' but without effect, until November 29, when i the prisoner was captured. When brought before tbe j magistrate, inspector Gedge deposed that several com- 1 plaints had been lodged at the station of ptrsons being I alarmed by the ' Ghost.' After the prisoner wa3 j captured it was ascertained that a person carrying a half -gallon of beer in a - stonebottle was passing along, when a man suddenly confronted him, and throwing up his arms and uttering some dismal cries, bo -alarmed him that I he dipped tbe vessel containing the beer, and rau off r- tbe utmost dismay. Several other persons bad been frightened by the proceedings. o£ the 'ghost, 'and women and children in mauy instances were afraid to come out after dark. Matilda- Ayres, a girl about thir teen years of age, said she was in the Sumnerroad, when she saw a man, whom she afteiwards identified as the prisoner. He suddenly confronted her.threw up his arms, uttered some strange sonnds, and greatly alarmed her. She ran home, nnd shortly afterwards heard that the ' Ghost' was captured She had before Bee him, and he then alarmed her After the alarm was given that the ' Peckham Ghost' was in the neighbourhood of Sunnier-road, a large number of persons turned out for the purpose of capturing him, and ultimately he was followed and run down to a house where he had taken refuge. Upon him was found a quantity of peas, which he was said to ueo in throwing at the windows ot houses, and greatly alarming the inmates late at night. The prisoner denied the charge, and said, ' I am as innocent as a new-born baby.' The prisoner, who said he had ' no home,' was remanded. 